Pepper never went back to Stark Industries; she was always pregnant with either the egg donor babies or Happy’s. Her new career as a porn star made her world famous and earned Happy and Steve millions, Tony did take part in the sequel, but Steve didn’t really like him being fucked by anyone else, although he made an exception on Tony’s birthday and had the beast actor, indulge his size queen.
The tracker was easily placed, the injection site hidden among the freckles on her neck.  Blood, tissue and DNA samples all took mere minutes.
Wardrobe, fitted her with a leather harness that criss crossed her body, emphasising her large tits and belly. A thick leather collar was secured round her neck with matching wrist and ankle cuffs.  Then they plugged her ass with a tailed plug and filleted a ring gag.
The deceit had been necessary as they knew that Stark had a DNR in the event of severe brain damage, but with no direct blood heir, the Company by law would be placed under the supervision of the Government on the announcement of his death and his private fortune distributed to the many Charities and Foundations that he sponsored.  Without the funding provided by Stark Industries and Tony Stark, the Avengers would be unable to function, as since the fall of SHEILD Stark had been bankrolling them.  Pepper would be replaced by a Government Official and lose all her stock in the Company.
Bruce smirked as he placed the thick leather collar round Petey’s neck, then pushed him down onto his hands and knees.
Bruce moved a shocked Natty to a modified version of the cradle, this version could be adjusted to only heal the areas programmed into it.  What would have taken weeks to heal would be now be done in a matter of hours.
Banner came with his omega to watch Pepper’s second session with Raider, it fascinated him how nothing was taboo in this world, that  scientific advancement was not stymied by endless years of testing and regulation.  It didn’t bother him that this version of Pepper had been reduced to a breeding bitch, he wondered if he could do something like this to Ms Potts, take the snooty woman down a peg or two, her superior attitude had always grated on him and the way she would look down her nose at him after any Hulk out.
Ingestion of both of your cum along with the omega feed would soon have Tony gaining weight and energy.  As he is having three pups he is going to need to produce large quantities of milk to keep them all fed so you need to keep stimulating his breasts and keep milking him.  Speak to his Obstetrician about the natural or artificial drugs that are on the market for enhancing omegas breasts.
Apologies for the long delay, got Covid at the beginning of the year and only  now just feel back to normal.
He watched as she entered and knelt in front of him, it had taken a few harsh corrections before Pepper had realised that he was serious about her showing obeisance in this way to him every time she came to him.  The humiliation and hint of resentment of being an alpha and kneeling never left her, even though she couldn’t help the small burst of satisfaction that she had pleased her Alpha by complying.
“Good boy, now l think it’s time for a proper diaper and some comfy clothes.  I have some new diapers for you that are more discreet for day time use, do you want to try them or risk another accident in your pull-ups?”
Yes, there have been amendments to them in modern times but I do not agree with them and there are many like minded Alphas who think that the freedoms granted to omegas again are having a detrimental effect on our society.
After they showered he pointed out the outfit he wanted Tony to wear, he expected some reluctance but a swift spanking had his teary omega apologising and quickly slipping on the white lace thong and tight low waisted yoga shorts, he received another baleful  look when Tony realised that the sports bra was extremely low cut and just covered his nipples.
Now, lets get a diaper on you and feed you so that we can snuggle in bed and watch those cartoons I promised you. Mio bel bambino, daddy is going to give you special cuddles and kisses tonight and if you are especially good and suck daddy’s cock to his satisfaction, I am going to play with your little boy cunt.”
Steve and Natasha put Pepper in her place, and she is not happy at all
Now let me dry those tears, then I will feed you a snack to get your sugar levels up and after physio it will be time for a sleep. When you wake up the pack will be here to share dinner, if you are especially good and eat every morsel, I feed you, I am going to give you a proper bath and then a massage as a reward.”
He has been in complete sensory deprivation for what had felt like days but had apparently only been 10 hours each day, but this had been repeated over a period of five days, the rest of the time he had been in his original padded cell in the same restraints.  No one had come into the cell or spoken to him through the speakers the whole time.
“Naughty cow Peter, you have just lost the privilege of feeding yourself for the next five days. The speed and amount of feed will be automatically controlled, and you will swallow it all or choke and die.
Punishment one, had been a horrendous two hours on the milking machine which had now been adapted to take in to account his ginormous stomach, his teats stretched and burning as the suction cups squeezed and sucked out his milk. Punishment two had been to give each Alpha of the Pack a blow job, allowing them to come all over his face and body. Punishment three had been a discipline spanking which had not stopped until he had had twenty strikes of the paddle without moving or making a sound.  His ass burned after forty-five swats, whilst he could remain silent, there was no way he could stop his body jerking whenever the pups decided to kick all at the same time.
All done, sweetheart, good.
He had to get away, it didn’t matter that was impossible to walk on the bone and glass he still had to try, Steve Rogers was not some Alpha’s bitch, his Watcher would never claim him.
Tony’s clothes were ruined Steve did not want to parade him naked through Shield Headquarters. Taking off his shirt he placed it on Tony, it hung down to reaching mid- thigh. Pulling his arms behind his back he used to long sleeves to tie them together.
Bruce had provided Steve’s Omega Crate, to the exact specifications he had requested, and being Bruce, he had added some special features that only he used at his Clinic.  The use of nano technology meant that Jarvis could control all aspects of the crate on Steve’s command, but also had free reign over it if he was on Omega sitting duties whilst Steve was on a mission or otherwise occupied.
The vet is on his way, he said to keep milking her as it will stimulate the contractions and leave the dildo in her ass hole going as it will massage her cunt walls and make them slide down faster.
Non consensual oral sex.
His cock was rock hard leaking precum as he withdrew it from his pants, the snivelling bitch was shaking so hard, tears pouring from shocked glassy eyes.  Cutting the straps off of the ball gag he threw it to one side as he shoved his cock in to the wide open mouth, whilst keeping his knife in clear line of sight of the omega’s eyes.
Tony as aware that both alphas were talking about him, but his stomach was grumbling, the jellybeans long finished and he wanted a fat juicy burger with greasy chips and a chocolate milk shake, but no his Alpha was taking him to a stupid fancy restaurant which probably meant little portions of boringly healthy food, if the ones he had visited in the past were anything to go by.
The interview aired and all anyone was talking about was the beautiful femme omega that Tony had become.  There was some speculation as to whether he has been coerced but on the whole everyone approved of Tony’s bonding and there was much speculation as to how Captain America had tamed the wayward omega.
Steve watched as Tony once again cried himself into an exhausted sleep, curled up in the beanbag lips sucking on the soother.  The screens darkened casting the room further into darkness, the lullaby and Steve’s voice playing over and over sinking deep into the mind of the sleeping occupant.
“Kotehok, I have some tasty Shchi soup for your dinner, it would make me very happy to see you eat it all, and then you can have Syrup of Fig Pudding for dessert, Bruce made it especially for you, as he knows you loved it last time he made it.”
“Now baby this is the final part of your punishment, you must hold this in you little boy cunt for ten minutes.  Whilst doing so you will suck on Daddy’s dick and eat all my special cream.
Tony’s moans grew louder and louder his cock ridged trapped between his belly and the shower wall, the slippery shower tiles provided no friction to enable him to find any relief.
Now close your eyes and open your mouth, keep your hands down and don’t struggle it will only jostle your leg.”
Please allow me to offer you the used of my omega’s mouth as a thank you.  I will not let you down.
I suggest that you sit down and think through everything l have said before you fly of the handle and say something that will end up with you over my knee, being disciplined.
Loki screamed into Thor’s mouth as she felt the magic runes sink through her skin to bury themselves irreversibly in her bones.  Her cunt clenched round Thor’s cock milking his cum deep into her sex, as her own orgasm burned through her, Thor stealing her breath and screams as he continued to ravage her mouth.
Slowly Steve and Winter begin to move, soon setting up a steady rhythm, as Steve thrusts upwards Winter pulls down. As Tony’s channel adjusts to the size of both their cocks they speed up until his whole body is being shaken by the power of their thrusts.
Pepper crawled to the back of the stretch limo, after struggling out of the too tight dress she did her best to clean herself with the wipes and a couple of bottles of water. Every time she came back to herself after a Sex Doll episode, she felt mortified and humiliated, but her sex was always wet and throbbing with arousal.  Any time she tried to rebel, Happy would swiftly punish her, paddling her backside until she was screaming and sobbing, begging for forgiveness and promising to be a good Sex Doll.
Pepper and Tony spend the afternoon together.
Peter screamed as the barn’s brand was stamped on his thigh, gagging on the stench of his burning flesh, he all but passed out when a second brand stamped a row of numbers and letters on his lower back. He felt hands pulling off his collar and cuffs, removing all his jewelled piercings, he startled awake when rough fingers snapped off his gold nose ring, replacing it with a much heavier one that fell against his top lip.
The first day Steve restrained himself to just feeding and escorting Stark to the bathroom, the omega didn’t seem to care that he watched him, the liquid only diet meant that it was easier to just put him in the bath tub and rinse him down the one time his bowls evacuated, he was just glad that Stark had indicated what was happening and he was able to manipulate the large plug out in time.  He did his best not to stare at the gaping hole as he rinsed the omega, and made sure to insert it back in when Stark stayed on his hands and knees until he realised what he wanted him to do.
Tony looked up a huge shadow rolling over the house, a few minutes later he felt movement behind him.  Two large hands settled on his shoulders warm breath tickled his neck and a gentle kiss brushed his cheek.
“Tony, look at me and tell me what happened, you were working so well, and JARVIS was extremely pleased with the data you were providing.
“What the hell is going on Doctor, are the twins alright is there something wrong with them is Tony ok?”
Next we are going to make a couple of keyhole incisions and implant this cloned womb, her tubes are still viable so there is less work to do, it will take a few hours in the cradle to mature and we won’t know if it is successful until we try breeding her.  The good thing about her not having her omega bonding glands is we don’t have to wait for a heat cycle to get her impregnated, she will just be on a normal four weekly cycle so we will now soon enough if the operation is a success.
“Oh my god!” Clint was practically bouncing out of his chair, “Tony Stark is an Omega!”
Chapter 2
Pepper screamed as he rammed his cock into her asshole with no preparation, the pain was unbelievable as he sawed in and out of her passage, the only lubrication his precum and her blood.
“Silly little O-boy, you are going to have to get used to being partially clothed or naked in front of your Alpha, traditional omegas just wear omega drawers or are naked when in private, in public your Alpha will make the decision on what he thinks is a suitable outfit for you to be dressed in.  Now, helping to bathe you is another way for your Alpha to deepen your bond and for you to learn the art of true submission.
Tony shivered at Sir’s whispered words, his cock twitching in his red panties, he was thankful for the small plug in his ass, otherwise he would be leaking slick down his thighs.
“Well since you need to feed the bitch and it needs to learn to satisfy two Alpha’s now, I want its mouth clamped open and both our dicks shoved down its throat, just think of it as practice for when we both fuck that asshole and cunt together.”
Winter had no intention of withdrawing his knot he was going to breed his doll, his pretty bitch was going to have his pups hanging off his tits in six months.  Winter grabbed hold of Tony’s shoulder pulling him up towards him, not bothering that the poor omega was practically bent in half.
The photographer had him pose in a number of tasteful poses, which relaxed him and he found that he was enjoying himself, knowing that he was pleasing Steve, when he looked and saw his Alpha’s approving nod he melted and did not even notice when the photographer  began to direct him to increasingly more explicit poses.
You are the reason laws were passed hundreds of years ago to make it illegal for megs to mate and breed each other.
Your punishment will be to wear this spider gag until you can deepthroat any cock without gagging or pulling off.  You will make yourself available for any Avenger to use and you will warm my cock all night until I say otherwise.
“Hmm, this is Peggy Carter, isn’t it?  Good looking alpha, bet she was a fighter in bed, or did she melt when you fucked her cunt.
Tony stepped through the glowing circle, unsure that it was the right thing to do, but not wanting to be separated from his pups.  They were in a lab that looked vaguely familiar, he could see the entrance doors opening, Steve and Natasha running through them followed by Bruce.  But Bruce was beside him and how had Natasha managed to get back?
Now let’s get you clean and fresh, you don’t want to keep your visitor waiting, Ms Potts is a very busy lady and has taken time out of her extremely heavy schedule to visit you.”
It was a a wonderful fantasy to jerk off too late at night, but the reality of becoming an omega would be disastrous, he had thousands of employees who relied on him, he financially supported The Avengers and was responsible for designing, making and maintaining all their gear. Anyway, there was no way that someone as perfect as Steve, would want him as their omega.
You were never an Alpha before the serum, you were a latent omega, you tried to hide the fact through your stupid posturing and aggressive behaviour, picking fights against anyone who saw through your act, under the guise of calling them bullies, to the extent you convinced yourself of the lie.  Bucky always sensed you would be his omega, why do you think you always caved into his demands in the end.  All those dates at the club, your love of silk stockings, your willingness to be feminised and submissive if Bucky asked.
“Bruce, do you think that there is any chance that they will be able to locate our world and the Captain could come to reclaim Tony?”
Steve ensured that a sleepy Tony’s limbs were carefully cushions by the soft pillows, then covered him with soft warm blankets, a buzz on the call button had Stella appear to administer the booster injection of omega hormones and pheromones that the doctor had ordered.  Tony would sleep for a few hours which would give him time to eat, shower and then catch up on his own sleep.  Once Tony was awake physio would be in to unstrap his arm and begin strengthening exercises, then the battle would begin once his omega realised that both hands would be mitted for the foreseeable future  unless otherwise stated by his Alpha.
“Omega place this plug in her slag hole.
“Alphas this is what each of you deserve, an obedient bonded omega that knows and accepts its place in our Society.  I will not stop amending and making new Laws to ensure that all omega’s and lesser humans are under the control and ownership of responsible Alphas or placed in Omega Training Facilities.
Tony wanted to point out that it was the super soldier serum that had advanced all the changes so quickly and the fact that Steve had little to no refractory period so fucked him full of cum at a much greater rate that most normal Alphas, but knew that he would be wasting his breath.
“Yes Alpha.” He whispers.
The drive back to Stark Tower was done in virtual silence the hum of the limousine engine a constant against the intermittent sobs and gasps for breath that came from Tony.
Diamond stud ear rings set in platinum with a matching ear cuff were the first pieces he placed on his omega, followed by heavy platinum wrist cuffs inset with a ring of diamonds and sapphires.  The next piece he knew would scare his omega but it was for his own protection.
Once his knot had deflated he pushed Tony on to his front ass up in the air face mashed into the pillows not caring that his omega’s legs were shaking with fatigue.
He would be able to open a Clinic for the treatment and rehabilitation of omegas, he would have access to healthy omegas to trial his drugs and perform surgeries on.  He had Tony and Petey and the first omega as examples of what he could achieve with his treatments.  Of course, he would still be the scientific and computer support for the Avengers, they were his Pack, but Hulk would do all the physical work.
As he pulled out his omega’s anal plug, he pushed him towards the mirror, giving him the space to sheath his cock within his cum filled hole.
As our Pack Omega you will receive all the love, guidance, care and attention that you have sorely missed out on and needed due to Howard’s shocking failure as a father to treat you as the precious being that you are.”
“Gentlemen I believe you will both be extremely happy with the results that I have here.  Congratulations Alpha Rogers and Alpha Winter you are both going to be the fathers of twin boys.  It is absolutely remarkable that this has occurred, I have never heard of it happening before, you are both extremely blessed that your omega is so fertile and can conceive using your sperm at the same time.  I would hazard an opinion that it could be because of the super soldier serum, I would suggest that you allow Dr Banner to research this and if there is any of Dr Erskine and Howard Stark’s research material that has survived it would be wise to study it to see if there are going to be any other effects.”
Both ended up in Kamar-Taj, studying the mystical ancient teachings of the monks residing in the Temple gave them the healing they had been searching for along with new abilities.
Do not like them here or there
“My omega I am not finished with you yet, there is one more thing that I need to do before you can rest for a while.  Your little omega cock needs to be taught a lesson it has had far too much freedom and use these past years.  A good omega knows to keep themself pure until they meets their Alpha. But you have been such a bad omega, thinking that your fortune and position as heir to Stark Industries and as Iron Man meant the rules did not apply to you.
“Captain Rogers please come in and take a seat, ignore Tony for now, he will be in time-out until I have discussed this afternoon’s session with you.
Tony and the pups have some quiet bonding time.
This is not about us bonding, it is me providing  what you occasionally need and what l want to do for you.
“Please Alpha I need you to fuck my ass and my cunt hole, I can’t do it by myself I need your help it’s too hard on my own.  Please fuck me and suck my milky tits, I want you to do it I’m begging you Steve!”
Fury had met him in secret to discuss the mission, Intelligence suggested that The Elite Alpha Club and possibly some Hydra elements were funding certain members of Congress and the Senate whilst blackmailing others in to supporting the more extreme elements of the Omega Registration Bill.  The Elite Alphas wanted control of the Omega Registration and Breeding Clinics, there were whispers of experiments to create the perfect breeding omega already taking place.  With legal access to omegas and their babies there was no end to what they could accomplish. The need to rapidly increase the omega population would see all omegas of age having to produce two omega pups within the confines of the Clinic before they could be bonded.  There would be exceptions of course, beautiful fertile virgin omegas would be available for immediate bonding but at a high price.
He sobbed and whimpered as his Alpha ignored him and continued to manipulate his cock and balls.
Sure he had had sex with Alphas but it was always on his terms with him firmly on top and in control riding the Alpha to completion, pulling off before the Alpha’s knot could swell then kicking them out of his bed.  Pepper grown used to making sure they left before Tony went to sleep.
Loki has some fun with Tony.
Winter followed Rogers in to the locker room stripping off his training gear as he went, it was time for another lesson in situational awareness for the good Captain.  Rogers was already under the shower scrubbing his body clean whilst humming tunelessly, Winter waited until he had turn his back before making his move.  Slamming Rogers against the tiled wall kicking his legs apart metal arm round his neck, he sank his teeth in to the other Alpha’s scent gland whilst rutting against his muscled thigh.
Brushing his hand through his omega’s hair to calm him, he kissed him gently on the lips.
“Pepper where do you think you are going, you were told to come straight to my office for our meeting, how dare you not acknowledge your Pack Alpha, the Owner of Stark Industries, and furthermore to use my ensuite without asking permission shows a complete lack of social manners.”
Clint smiled warmly at the middle-aged woman who answered the door.
Chapter 4
Steve was fuming, how dare she speak on that tone to them, perhaps Happy was not strong enough to keep her under control.
Steve didn’t bother to inform Tony how turned on it made him to think of how humiliated Tony would be to be seen hanging off his knot when not in his baby headspace.  He could feel his cock hardening just at the image of his red and tearstained boy’s face.
Steve ensured that his hands went nowhere near Pepper’s pregnant stomach, dialing back the strength of his slaps.
“That’s it Steve, just feel my cock and let me take care of you, this is what you need and want.  I will give you relief and shelter, you don’t have to worry about anything but the amazing orgasm l am going to allow you to have.”
Steve couldn’t get enough of the soft, needy mewls falling from Tony’s lips as he gently massaged his prostrate, his finger filling the tight slick filled channel.  He would need to start Tony on the first of the set of butt plugs he had commissioned especially for him, by the time they were ready to consummate their mating his omega should be able to accommodate the length and girth of his large cock.
“Captain Rogers why don’t you let General Ross take Tony for a turn around the dance floor and then for a breath of fresh air on the balcony.  I am sure the General will be happy to discuss afterwards the need to increase the Avengers funding and getting Colonel Rhodes attached immediately to the Avengers.”
Loki hated how weak he felt, what little magic he had retained was lost to him with this pregnancy, the baby took every tendril for itself to aid in its expedited growth. Along with the passage of time differences between the two realms, his pregnancy was now into its sixth month.   He knew little of his heritage as Odin had never revealed that he was half Frost Giant, he could only hope that Thor would not want him to remain in his altered form, so would not agree Odin’s demands.
His poor sweetheart tried so hard to stay still and quiet, but Steve was not playing fair, he started with gentle thrusts at random moments, then soft kisses on the back of his neck whilst gently stroking his hip.  He could feel the minute shivers running up his omega’s spine and the soft huffs of his breath, a harder thrust of his hips combined with his teeth grazing over his bonding gland had Tony moaning and pushing down on his cock.
One other thing that would also be beneficial is that your omega will also receive the benefits of more serum in his body, he will be physically healthier and stronger so that his body will be able to sustain the rigours of being bonded to two Alphas and will also heal faster after each pregnancy which will mean you can breed him more often than other omegas would be able to cope with.
Steve appreciated how expertly Natasha had hog tied Pepper before she even realised and began to start struggling.  With his strength it was nothing to pick her up, watching her body and limbs bow as he carried her over to the smaller, round glass table. The baby oil coating the surface ensured that she could be spun round, her cunt and mouth available to all who gathered round to greet the new Beta Alpha of the Stark Industry Pack.  The camera under the table would stream live to all top- level employees, everyone would know it was Ms Potts being fucked, but those making use of her holes had all put on robes with cowls that ensured their faces could not be seen.
“Come along Pepper, Steve is waiting for us.  Just remember to show respect and work hard and you won’t end up strapped to the punishment bench.”
**********************************
Just think how horribly uncomfortable spending another ten hours with an over full bladder is going to be, also it would be remiss of me as your Alpha to not ensure that you are hydrated throughout today so the added pressure is going to cause you a lot of pain and discomfort.”
Removing the ball gag, he claimed his omega’s mouth in a brutal kiss, fingers dipping into the folds of his cunt after turning him so he could see the play of emotions on Tony’s face in the large bathroom mirror.
Bruce has genetically modified Tony's skin/muscles around his mouth and holes, Winter and Steve test out how far their petite omega's holes can stretch.
Loki’s loud scream had them all turning back to the activity on the nesting bed.  Tony had gotten bored waiting for them to finish speaking, so he has decided to just go for it and start on the other omega’s clit. Unable to resist he had bitten down on the large meaty clit, as he pushed four fingers into Loki’s slick soaked asshole.  The resultant scream and gush of cunt juice as Loki orgasmed shocked him, but he also could not help feeling a little bit proud that he has made Loki come so quickly.
“Bruce what’s the matter, what have you found?”
Steve scooped Tony up off the ground and placed him back in the stroller, making sure to buckle him in.  He paid not heed to his wailing, expertly strapping on the pacifier, cutting of Tony’s loud cries.  His nose twitched at the smell coming from his baby boy, but this needed to be done if he wanted Tony to stop fighting the diapers and enemas.  A few more arranged accidents would have his baby boy totally reliant on them and too scared to risk wearing normal underwear even on his ‘big’ days.
“No! Not a baby Steve, fuck this, let me out, not playing your sick games anymore.
He had the Nanny pack weekend bags for the pups and told her she could leave after giving the pups their lunch and putting them down for their afternoon nap.
For a while he lay still and quiet, basking in Steve’s warmth and love, there was no sense of urgency to chase after his own pleasure or to try and bring his alpha to completion. The knowledge that he did not have to make decisions about what would happen next was freeing, that being passive and quiet was pleasing his alpha actually quieted his racing thoughts, the simmering arousal at the glide of his alpha’s cock between his thighs filled him with contentment. He needed to show Steve how much his words meant, and how much he wanted to be a good omega for his pack and especially his soon to be bonded mate.
He watched as the other Alpha flushed and held his hands behind his back like a naughty child.
“Mmmmm, no…nooo, no….noooo, ommm..eeega”
The meeting went as planned with the President, Steve and Winter tag teamed BB’s mouth so that she was weeping with pain and exhaustion be the end of the meeting.  Winter was almost sure they had dislocated her jaw when they both fucked her mouth at the same time, they tended to forget that not every omega was enhanced like Tony.
So do you want to be looked after by strangers, away from your husband and all your friends, or be mine forever and know that you have consented to  handing all the power into my hands once and for all.”
He progresses to handholding and cuddles on his couch, always in the privacy of his apartment so as not to spook his little alpha, Natasha gives him a knowing smile when he forgets and brushes a stray curl off Tony’s forehead during movie night.  He is too excited by his little alpha quietly thanking him, whilst blushing and quickly looking away.  He invites Tony for dinner in the privacy of his apartment once again.  He cooks his mother’s recipe for Mac and Cheese but adds some of his own ingredients to liven up the taste, he watches as Tony clears his plate and has two helping of chocolate banana cheesecake.
“BB you can pick something from Darcy’s collection to wear for dinner until we order you more suitable clothing, but I don’t want you wearing panties ever, unless l give you them.”
His make-up, applied by the same girl from the previous Gala was subtle and understated this time, giving him a natural healthy glow.  He felt the nano-band flow under his stomach and between his legs, cradling and supporting his bump, pushing it up so his crotch with its small caged penis was on display. The band was invisible having morphed to the same shade as the tone of his skin, unlike the silver bands round his breasts.
I need us to fully bond to completely break
“Steve, Bucky there is nothing more that you can do now, go rest and relax, see your babies.  In twenty-four hours, we can inject the second serum and a further booster of extremis if needed, a further twelve hours in the Cradle and you will have your fully healed, genetically modified omega.
“My bitch! There is no escaping, going to breed my bitch.”
Loki was led in by Sita, she was in her Jotun form and obviously pregnant again.  He could see that she was covered in cum, the rumours must be true then, Odin gave Loki as a gift to any petitioner that pleased him at court.
Steve returned to Tony’s hospital room greatly encouraged by his talk with Dr Adams, even though he had already planned to implement all that had been discussed it was always a positive thing to have someone else confirm that he was proceeding along the correct path.
Sucking off his Alphas under the hot spray of the shower, leaves him with his belly swollen even more with cum, his reddened backside stinging as the hot water hits his tender flesh.  His knees are sore from the hard tiles, shoulders aching from his arms being bound tightly behind his back but it is his breasts that are suffering the most, Steve has once again made use of the rubber bands, his breasts are pinched tight before ballooning out in to large round globes his nipples are clamped, the rows of tiny teeth biting deep in to each abused nub.
Chapter 2
Bruce presses down hard on Steve’s clothed cock, the jolt of pain that flickers across Steve’s face has his own cock stirring.  He made short work of his zip and worked over the thick long cock until Steve was panting and biting his lip to stay silent. He made sure that when Steve shot his load, he aimed it away from his pants.
Tony is the entertainment for the Elite Alphas gathering.
I own you Tony, there nowhere for you to hide, nothing you can say do or think will ever change that.  You will do what I want and say what I want whenever I want!”
JARVIS monitored the proceedings during the course of the evening, and the minute Alpha Rogers removed his creator’s ball gag and replaced it with his cock he sent a signal to Dumm-E to retrieve the second back pack that Alpha Barnes had hidden in the back of the walk- in closet. Back in the lab he scanned each note book, his concern mounting at the psychotic rambling of the murderous Alpha.  The last book hidden at the bottom differed from the rest, bound in red leather with the Russian hammer and sickle embossed on the front in gold.  JARVIS spent scant seconds translating the writing within before ordering Dumm-E to burn the book, he could not allow the book to fall in to the wrong hands and as the only one of its kind the knowledge within needed to be completely destroyed if his plan to get rid of Alpha Barnes was to work.
His little boy looked so cute in his pale blue onesie with little Captain America shields, his feet clad in matching fluffy blue socks and his hands in soft padded white mittens.  His blankets had once again been kicked off as his body twisted in pain, limbs trembling as his bone structure altered under the influence of the cocktail of drugs flowing through his system.  His poor baby even under sedation whimpered and cried, grinding his teeth to such a point that Nurse Meyer had suggested using a pacifier.  Steve had eagerly handed over the adult sized pacifier which of course carried on the theme of his baby’s clothing, the mouth guard a replica of his shield.  Soft straps held it in place, the large teat filling his mouth.
“Well then you stupid bitch you will just have to suffer, there can be no medical intervention unless it is an emergency and your cervix taking its time is not considered one, and you been an obese lump is not either.”
The guests paid no attention to her, just picked at the food adorning her body and casually drank shots of her milk as though it was alcohol.  He whole body ached with the strain of trying to lay still, it had been made clear she would be punished if she so much as twitched her nose.
Pepper would never forget her disgust as her dad’s old associates took their turn fucking her as she braced herself against the table, her dress discarded, her breasts spilling out of the too small bra, her legs ached as she widened her stance to accommodate Mr Jenner’s fat belly. The slap of his balls on her ass cheeks and the smell of his sweating  body as he rutted in her asshole had her desperately holding back her need to throw up.
What do you think Widow?”
************************************
Breakfast was another lesson learnt, he couldn’t sit on a chair, he had to sit on his Alpha’s lap and be hand fed from his plate, there was no allowance for being full, he had to eat and drink all that he was given.
For the first time in 72 hours Steve set eyes on his husband, the Centre had been adamant that for the period of the first two detoxes no family members could be present.   The initial aggressive processes of flushing out all the alcohol, drugs and other toxins and waste was highly unpleasant and distressing for the patient even though they were sedated.
When he entered the bedroom, he immediately smelt stale pee, then saw the empty bed, with a trail of clothes leading to the bathroom.  When he saw Tony curled up in the empty bath, he felt a jolt of guilt and worry, why hadn’t Tony come to him or at least have Jarvis call him. Picking him up he held him close, kissing his tear-stained face.
Steve had finally that morning removed his cock cage after much begging and pleading but had replaced it with a leather cock ring after teasingly stroking him to fullness.
Still reeling from Odin’s words, Loki hardly noticed Sira piercing his nipples belly and ears, her fingers gripping his nose startled hm back to reality, but not quick enough to stop the searing pain as the thick needle pushed through his septum, followed by the snick of the ring locking itself.
He continued to slide his fingers in and out, in time with the glide of his cock, his thrusts becoming harder as his excitement built, he used his other hand to squeeze one of the omega’s breasts, creating a round robin of sensations, which has Stark whine and moaning behind his muzzle.
, on auto pilot he crossed over to the table picking up the mug breathing in the familiar aroma of the forbidden substance.  God what he wouldn’t give for just one mouthful of the dark black liquid, the smell alone had him practically drooling. Sitting down he hugged the mug close and just breathed in the scent.  Just one mouthful would be fine no one would be any the wiser, raising the mug he took a cautious sip after quickly glancing around to make sure no one was about.
He turned his back on her and didn’t look back as she screamed at him as he left the birthing room.
She pretended that she was at some expensive beauty salon being pampered and spoiled.  Large fingers stroked her clit before sinking into her cunt pushing more of the healing gel inside, she shivered as a nail grazed her g-spot, gasping softly after repeated strokes had her coming, squirting her juices over the withdrawing fingers.
He could see that Tony was not impressed by these restrictions and was getting ready to verbally protest them, he needed to remind his omega that he had already agreed to being under his Alpha’s rule and to abide by the strictures placed on a Pack’s Omega.  He didn’t want to have to end today with having to discipline Tony, who up until now had been behaving just as he should.  There was only so much leeway he was willing to give the new omega due to his unstable hormones and transitioning.
Steve on the other had been peed, pooped and puked on much to Tony’s amusement, the funniest when Anna pooped so hard it squirted up her back and out the neck of her onesie.  His big strong Alpha had looked utterly horrified, panic written all over his face, Tony had taken pity on him removing the little poop machine to clean her up whilst Steve had just looked on helplessly.
When they went back up with the results of Bruce’s test, Loki was still being fucked, but now by Winter and Steve.  Their omega was passed out on the sofa, gagged and bound.
Leaving his omega he took his chair at the head table then proceeded to ignore him for the whole of the meal.  When coffee was served, Steve helped Tony off the dais placing him on a cushion by his chair, giving him small sips of water and hand feeding him a few slivers of melon that he had requested.  Several of the other Alphas followed his example, requesting cushions for their omegas who had previously been sitting beside them at their tables.   Steve nodded his head in approval when he saw what was happening, these modern day  omegas needed to be pulled down a peg or two, sitting at a table next to their Alpha as though they were equals was ridiculous.
“ That is much better, there will be no need to take if off anytime soon.  The piss slits also provide a means of washing you cock without having to remove the cage and the cock ring can be loosened when I milk you to let you cum flow more easily. Ha! Iron Man now has a little iron cock, I think your next project in the work shop will be to make a cock cage from the material you use for your suit and to have it painted gold and red.”
“No, no, nooooo…. Oh god! I thought it was just a crazy, horrible nightmare, please, please don’t let this be real!”
The signing of the paperwork took longer than needed as she made a show of reading each document before adding her signature, another mark against her.
Steve milked each tit catching the creamy liquid in his mouth, it was thicker and tasted sweeter now the pups had arrived.  He was careful to not take too much even though what he really wanted was to suck his omega dry.
Winter and Steve watched as all the samples were taken then passed to a lab technician for the DNA testing whilst the remaining samples would be given to Bruce for his research.  Both Alphas opted to remain in the examination room to await the results, the sight of their bound and helpless omega gave them plenty of ideas of how to wile away the time waiting.  One hard look from Winter had the doctor scuttling out his office muttering about supervising the tests.
“Not happening, don’t you know that coffee is bad for pregnant omega’s, also any other caffeinated drinks are out of the question.
He could see and smell Tony’s arousal, the flush on Tony’s cheeks as he ducked his head, his omega not wanting him to see how turned on he was, the sweet scent of his omega pheromones filled the air.
He took note of the brief flash of orange in her eyes and the warmth of her throat round his cock, there was a decided thrill in pushing the bitch to her limits. Bruce wanted him to test her for the rest of the evening to see how many flare ups he could induce and the strength of each one.
“Take off the bands Bucky, don’t want to shorten it as I have plans for a Prince Albert, just think of all the fun we can have seeing how much weight his little pecker can take.”
Steve ensures that Tony drinks a whole litre of water before he begins to coax a final orgasm out of him, he doesn’t care about the thin coating of blood on his fingers as her flicks and pinches Tony’s raw clit.  He doesn’t care that his omega’s cunt is dry as he scrapes his nails against swollen flesh, it excites him that his meg is trapped on his knot, completely at his mercy. When finally, his omega screams and sprays the mirror with piss he feels nothing but satisfaction and completeness.
“YOU ARE MY OMEGA, I OWN YOU BODY AND SOUL!  NEVER EVER FORGET IT AGAIN, KNOW YOUR PLACE OMEGA!!!”
He knew that Thor had a soft spot for Tony, but with being death bonded to his Alphas nothing could come of it.  He was shocked when Odin approved of the little Midgardian omega and took him to his bed every night, rarely leaving a mark on Tony or degrading him as he did Loki.
“Thor take this rune and place it on Loki’s stomach, bind him beforehand as it will take an hourglass to sink into his bones.  Once the rune has dissolved your omega’s heat will consume him, keep him bound until you have bred him, you will know when he has caught.”
Shaved her head until there was nothing left but soft fluff, he made her pick up all her hair and throw it in the furnace, told her the she would never be allowed to grow her hair long again.
Pepper fumed as Natasha took control, giving her no freedom to play with her clit, the mound of her sheathed cock hiding it, all she could do was continue to fuck her pussy with her tongue, the solid muscle of Natasha’s thighs not allowing her hands to part them of gain entrance to her sex.
New York happened, Captain America came out of the Ice and suddenly he had all the Avengers living with him.  Steve was everything his father had told him, kind, fair, courageous, authoritarian, and an amazing Alpha Prime Leader.  Steve had endless patience with his questions and listened to his technology ramblings with a smile, never shutting him down or dismissing him.  When he gave him back his leather jacket, he had hugged Tony tight to him, thanking him whole heartedly as Tony breathed in his fresh Alpha scent.
Tony sobbed in relief when the screens darkened and the music ceased. Curling up as small as his trembling aching limbs would let him he stared at the darkened screens to afraid to close his eyes, unconsciously sucking on the pacifier as tears streamed down his cheeks.
You need not fear Bucky anymore, he is being dealt with as we speak he will not be able to hurt you again.  JARVIS has found a way for the Winter Soldier to be activated so that Bucky is no longer in control.  Dr Stephen Strange and Thor have been alerted to see if there is a way to remove him permanently. Once this is done we will meet with Winter to see if our bonds are still in place.”
A broken whisper escaped from his lips.
Steve started to fuck faster into the wet heat of his omega’s mouth building up his rhythm taking no notice of the choking sounds and gasps for air coming from his struggling omega.  He could feel Tony’s hands clawing at his thighs trying to push him away but he was no match for his super soldier Alpha.
“Captain l would never break the trust you have shown me, l am indebted to you and to the Professor for getting rid of the hulk and finding my omega.  The opportunities to study and experiment are endless in this world, the lack of restrictions means scientific and medical breakthroughs can be implemented without years of trials and idiot panels of interfering busybodies claiming it is not ethical.
The doors to the ballroom opened and Ms Potts entered in towering heels, a few steps behind her came the other bids for the auction, the girls dressed in thigh skimming sheer strapless dresses and the boy in tight, translucent shorts, Natasha could see that they were all young and beautiful, none were omegas, probably just rich kids wanting a thrill or college students wanting money to help pay their fees.
Come on little Captain, press down, move that food, you need to make room for afternoon tea and then your dinner, can’t have you starving, I know how much you hate being hungry.
Loki wanted to hate Tony, but it was difficult, Tony was always sweet to him and never questioned why he was always tired or belittled him for the way he was treated at Court.  He would let him sleep in the nursery and adored Brandt, treating him like his own.  Best of all though he would cuddle Loki and talk nonsense to the pup in his belly, he didn’t care that Loki was cold and made him shiver, he just wrapped himself in a blanket and carried on hugging him.
You will knot her, through the first pup and then the other pups should follow quickly according to Professor Hulk.
“BB, I have meetings until dinner, Jason will take you to Darcy, she is on a rest period at the moment until her next milking and feeding.  You need to inform me if she says anything untoward or causes you to be upset.”
“Now, you will hold it there for two minutes, if you spit it out we will start again, nod your head if you understand.  This is for your own good baby I will continue to punish any bad behaviour so that you can learn right from wrong. Along with this you have earned your first spanking but that will need to wait until after your next treatment but if you misbehave again this morning I will have no choice but to put you over my knee straight away.”
Steve’s fingers nudging his prostrate had him jerking forward cock twitching with interest. Gripping Tony’s spread thighs, he slammed his hardened member back into the tight heat of her pussy as Steve added a third finger.
Bruce was shocked to see what appeared to be a human bound and kneeling beside Natasha, he could smell the stench of cum and alpha dog coming from her body. His curiosity got the better of him and he moved forward to study the bitch, he was fascinated by the advanced nanotechnology suit.  When he stroked the suit, he could feel Natty tremble and caught a whiff of omega pheromones as he moved his hands over her stomach and nipples.  His dick stirred as he stroked the smooth lines of her head and realised that underneath her ears had been removed also her breasts. He thought of his ideal omega and knew that in this world it would be possible and not frowned on to make them into his desired image.
Steve for once took pity on him, he could see the creeping exhaustion and hunger fighting with the heat of arousal.
“Mr President, your breeder definitely needs fattening up and her breasts need to be substantially larger to feed two pups.
Glancing down he could see the skin between his groin and cock pulled white, his cock head red and swollen the metal of his piercing shiny with drops of pre cum.  His pussy lips quivered as his juices leaked out to join the river of slick dripping form his asshole down his thighs, if this was his Alpha’s idea of punishment he wanted more.
He was not going to let the omega get big headed about a few simple repairs, he would need to earn any praise, being allowed to design and build him a new arm would be a good reward for the cocky omega.  He would ensure that Steve and he only allowed it once the omega fully showed proper respect and humility towards his Alphas.
“Steve why don’t you take off Tony’s gag, l want to hear the bitch scream when you knot him, perhaps l can make use of his mouth whilst you are joined, that should keep the little whore occupied.”
Steve pressed his hand down over the restraining strap adding to the uncomfortable pressure over Tony’s bladder, his baby boy’s whimpers grew louder the harder he pressed down.
Steve watched as Tony held his tits up for him, noting that they sat within his omega’s palms, he came to the realisation that these tits were not the huge milk filled mounds that he always envisioned when he played with them, they were average size for an omega of small stature like Tony just as the Doctor had pointed out, although he would bet that Tony thought they were big. His mother had always said that pregnant male omegas always seemed to be anxious about growing breasts and wanted to know how soon them would disappear after they stopped feeding their pups.
Tony’s slurred voice registered with Winter, his sharp eyes no longer fixated on Loki’s cunt, took in the swaying, glassy eyed omega, whose lips were smeared with cream.  Pulling Tony on to his lap he used his Alpha voice.
Removing his fingers he pushed back in the metal butt plug and asked JARVIS to increase it to the maximum size. Tony would feel it with every little movement of his body he would be constantly aroused as it pressed against his prostrate, never knowing when it would start to vibrate driving him to distraction constantly on the edge of orgasm but with his cock caged he would never find any release.
You have really disappointed me; I am going to take some time to decide what punishment is needed.  I will leave you alone for the next 24 hours, give you time to think and decide how you are going to apologise.”
The First Lady giving birth to twins, an omega girl and an alpha boy was streamed live across the United States, many other countries picked up on the event as well as it unfolded.
“Come on Pepper it’s time for bed, we have a busy day tomorrow and since l need to discipline you we are going to have to rise earlier than planned.”
“But what about your omega, I can show you where we have taken him, I can tell you exactly when the Portal is going to appear.  Steve is going to take Stark back regardless.  We have not been able to trace Tony and Steve is desperate enough to settle for your omega, especially if he has started fucking him through his heat.”
This is from Tony's P.O.V.
Bucky could see Steve’s eyes glazing over as he caught sight of the bound omega who was moaning and straining at his bonds, the powerful alpha pheromones swirling around and filling the room triggering the omega’s answering pheromones with the call to mate.
Both Alphas came together, smirking down at their now awake omega.
Grabbing hold of Steve’s shoulder, he dragged him away from brooding over the Cradle, whilst asking Jarvis to order in Chinese and let the nanny know that they would be coming to see the pups and to have the milk cow ready for their use.
The knife was sharp, so he made quick work of hacking off the long tangled strands, leaving a head of short uneven hair, he was about rinse her off again when he noticed the head lice, immediately his own scalp began too itch and his stomach turned.
“Be thankful that this has happened after the de-aging spell as you have a chance at living the life that you should have had if your father had not done such a heinous thing.  The past is in the past, you are an Omega and you need to learn to embrace your true nature, fighting it will only cause you upset and heart ache.”
Sated he flopped down panting hard on Steve’s shoulder, riding out the last of his orgasm as his Alpha continued to thrust and pump cum.
Also, l would like to see the dossiers on the two alphas that fisted and fucked Tony. I may want to interview them for a special project, depending on their suitability.”
Steve rocked his cock slowly within the tight confines of Stark’s hole, as he lay behind the omega, his hands roaming over his belly and down to rub the bare skin of Stark’s crotch.  The small knot of nerves under the smooth skin twitched as he pressed down, Stark moaned softly in his sleep, thighs parting to allow his fingers to slip into the silky warmth of his pussy.  He mouthed the still healing bite on Stark’s shoulder, imagining what it would ups be like to actually bond with Tony when they found him, he still had hope, Natasha would not let him down. if by some chance they ran out of time, then maybe he would take Stark back and persuade him to play the part, after all he would be a much more lenient Alpha than the Captain.
By the time they arrived at the Compound they knew of the events of the past few months and this Stark’s exposure as an Omega.  Both were suspicious, as the dates of Tony’s disappearance through the portal and Stark’s outing as an omega in this world were within a week.
Weeks of patiently watching the tower paid off when he saw the Avengers all board the quin jet and take off.  Packing his sniper rifle and scope away he jogged down the many flights of stair and exited through the kitchens making his way across the street to Stark Tower.  The stolen courier ID saw him up to the main office floors of Stark Industries, finding an empty office he connected to the mainframe and downloaded the virus.
Steve didn’t bother to dress after his shower, he threw himself onto the couch and had Jarvis que up all Tony’s training videos, spreading his thighs he took his cock in hand as his omega’s sweet cries filled the room. He would get Tony and his pup back, even if it took years, he would never give up and with Bruce watching over Tony and working on a way to align their two universes so a Portal could be created he knew it would be sooner rather than later.  For now though he would just make use of Pepper and test out Natasha’s new toy.
He spent two hours a day reading the history books and training manuals for omegas, traditional and non-traditional.  His mind boggled at some of the positions in what he supposed was the omega version of the karma sutra.
Chapter 31
The Vet admired the stubby little cocklet of the bound pet, it had healed completely with no scarring.  The small exposed head red and glistening with a tiny drop of clear pre-cum, no doubt the pet had been driven to distraction by the rub of its red silk panties over the sensitive head, those same panties were now stuffed in the pet’s mouth to muffle the stupid thing’s whimpering cries.
“Tony you are so beautiful, l can’t wait for the Pack to see how much weight you have gained and show them your bonding marks.”
Fuck it! The doctor could wait after all he was the one paying him, quickly stripping off he pulled Tony upright before stepping in to the bath.  Once he was sitting he had Tony kneel and then himself on to his erect cock.
As Captain America, it was his duty to protected and serve the people of America and the World, he had made his stand by bonding with Tony Stark.  This war would not be fought on a battle field but in courtrooms and in the press. It was inevitable that the omega population would lose they had had their chance at being autonomous but has gone too far, had shown that they were incapable of having a world view, now they would pay the price of their selfishness.
“Can’t, can’t do it, can’t move, Alphas need help, don’t want to be a bad omega, please, please help me!”
Sinking to his knees with as much grace as he could muster he cupped his breasts and pushed them upwards, the milk filled mounds ached due to the combination of their weight and the punishment Bucky had doled out.
“Seriously, what the fuck, it’s tiny, he’s got a baby dick.  Can it even get hard?”
“Captain Rogers, Dr Banner, I have a temporary fix that should be enough to fool the Inspector tomorrow in regards to the omega’s toned chest, an hour before the Inspector is due I will inject a saline solution into his breast tissue which will cause it to soften and swell temporarily for a few hours before it is absorbed into the body.”
As he stood, he accidentally knocked his wine glass so that the contents splashed partly on Tony and the rest on the floor, mixing with the puddle under his chair.
Steve’s large hand squeezed his omega’s tit in time with each pull of his lips on his teat. The taste of Tony’s milk was addictive and had him latching on to Tony’s other breast as soon as he had drunk the first one dry, he did not want to think about having to give this up once the pups arrived.
Her holes ached from the continuous fucking she had received throughout the night.  Alpha had not allowed her to come and had brutally pounded her holes without any care for her comfort or enjoyment.  His angry face had haunted her dreams and she wanted noting more that to throw herself at his feet and beg him to give her another chance, to allow her to prove what a good obedient omega she could be.
“Do it Bucky, I want Tony to understand that he has no say in what decisions we make about his body, he is a bonded omega and we have the right to do as we please to ensure that the pups do not suffer because his tits cannot provide adequate amounts of milk.”
Steve washed a very subdued and tearful Tony, who was wavering between headspaces. He decided that an enema was in order, as he knew that it always pushed him in to an older headspace and he needed that for the talk they were going to have.  It was time Tony faced the reality of the changes wrought on his body and what further changes would happen if he continued with such disobedient behaviour.
“Shhh don’t stress anymore, you know that I am right, have I lied to you at all this past week? No, I have not, I have treated you in accordance with the laws of our world, I have not given you false hope or promises, you will do well to remember that your other Captain has done so!  To survive in your new life, you will need the to be bonded to an Alpha, one with the strength and authority to ensure your safety and protection.”
Taking another small sip, he savoured that taste as he held it in his mouth before swallowing in with a loud groan of satisfaction.
Now over my lap, you will count out each one up to 30, then l will administer the last 20 hard and fast.  Then you will apologise, and you will be forgiven.
“My Sisters, we will grant them this boon, our Tapestry will be endless with the golden omega’s children and descendants spreading across the universes.”
By the end he was shaking and crying, his emotions welling up and spilling over.   A tidal wave of distress, pain, fear, terror, desire, love, misery and anguish burst from him.
He all but leapt out of the nest, running for the door, yelping as Tony pinched his butt cheek and told how pretty he looked in his panties.  Ms Potts demanded punctuality at all times, the consequences of being late to the boardroom would be harsh, grabbing his clothes he would have to risk getting changed in the elevator hoping that no one saw him.  The elevator doors opened, rushing inside he asked Jarvis to take him down to the boardroom floor, not noticing the two Alphas standing in each corner at the back of the elevator until the car started to descend.
Now I have read through all the medical papers submitted to my office, I have viewed the video evidence and also the written submissions by yourself, Captain Rogers and members of the Avengers.  Before I make my final decision I would like to hear personally from yourselves how you decided on such a drastic plan of action.”
Pepper lays back against the sofa cushions, legs akimbo, her belly huge.  He has to kneel right down so he can get under the curve of her bump, which means his face is up close to her sex. He keeps playing with her clitoris hoping that she will climax.
As Steve pushed up with his cock his large hands clamped his hips forcing him to bare down on to the swelling knot, finally the swollen and stretched muscles gave and his Alpha’s knot breached his channel expanding to its full width locking him in place.  Tony was confused when Steve stopped moving, he tried to rise up thinking Steve wanted him to do all the work but those large hands held him firmly in place.
Why don’t you sit with you little one and give him some encouragement whilst I go prepare his bath.”
“Marco, Happy requested a mixture of ice and silver blond hair color, a short and easy style, he doesn’t want her spending an hour fussing with it every morning, he would rather be fucking her or making her suck his cock whilst he eats breakfast.
Now this is how it is going to be, Steve is going to pierce your sorry excuse for a cock, giving you a Prince Albert piercing with a urethral wand which we can cap.  Now usually you would need a smaller ring to start but with the faster healing factor you now have we are just going to go ahead with this one.  It will heal in weeks rather than months.”
Flash Back
Tony did not want Bucky as his secondary Alpha, there was something off about him, he gave Tony the shivers and not in a good way.  His mind shied away from the cruel, cold eyed Alpha even if his stupid omega body tingled at the idea of another thick cock fucking his holes.
Black beaded flapper dress, matching silk stockings and satin heels.  Bucky had hot ironed his hair in waves and place a red silk headband with a black feather on it round his head. A matching red feather boa hung from his arms, a fake pearl choker and long strands of pearls completed his outfit. He didn’t even want to think of the makeup, or the silk French knicker hidden under his dress, Bucky had insisted he wear them to complete the outfit, saying it was all the small details that would win them the prize.
“Such a perfect omega, taking both your Alphas cocks at the same time, Banner certainly delivered on the modifications we asked for.  Now be a good little bitch and beg for your Alphas knots.”
“Take it Natty deceived you and your Avengers about her orientation.  Omega Black Widows are rare but not unheard of, Natasha is definitely an Alpha Widow and knew almost straight away that Natty was a lying little whore.  Hence her harsh punishment, she is never going to be free again and will never have the chance to manipulate or kill again.
“ I have done what repairs I can but the design is old and the parts worn.  It will last a short while longer, enough time for me to design and build you a new one if that is what you want.
“Such a good boy for daddy, look at you hanging from my knot, just perfect.  Now daddy is going to fill you with his special cream, and you are going to stay tied to me until your belly is swollen and round with my cum.”
Lifting Tony’s legs over his shoulders he sank down, balls deep the head of his cock slipping his omega’s hymen releasing a wave of Omega pheromones, the enticing scent triggering his mating rut. Lost in his need to breed his omega he ravaged Tony’s hole, bending him in half to get as deep as he could, to ensure his seed reached his omega’s fertile eggs.
No, don’t touch it, you are not allowed, it belongs to me.  You have a pass on your naughty wank, this morning as you didn’t know better, but you will be severely punished if you touch yourself again.
A ring gag was pushed into his mouth stretching it wide making his cheeks ache within minutes.  He could feel Steve moving around but could not see him, then suddenly silence.  Tony hated the feeling of being on his own of his Alpha not even caring to witness his punishment to make sure that he did not disobey him further.  It bought back memories of the loneliness of his childhood when his parents would ignore him to wrapped up in their own lives not wanting to spend any time with their useless omega brat.
Now you lay there nice and quiet whilst your Alphas have a drink, and if you behave you might just be lucky to get you sloppy holes fucked again.”
In the face of Tony’s enthusiasm Peter couldn’t help but relax, the embarrassment he felt over his outfit faded slightly under Tony’s genuine happiness at having him to visit, even Happy was smiling at the chattering omega, who was flitting about, gathering drinks and cake to serve them afternoon tea.
Steve growled under his breath wanting nothing more to go back in and discipline his omega and remind him of his new place in life but he had a meeting to finish and a certain CEO to visit.
Babies are on their way!
This is for all those who commented on how dark and fucked up this has gotten.
“Not a boy, I’m an alpha male.”
He only needed one hand to keep Stark pinned down the smaller man was powerless against the super soldier serum.  His eyes and hands roamed over the expanse of pale skin the perfect globes of his ass called to him.
Steve left his boy sleeping, curled around his pillow, sucking on his thumb.  He would need to get Tony’s pacifiers from the nursery as it seemed some of Tony’s baby mannerisms had stuck.  He had fucked Tony senseless in the elevator and then again in their bedroom, thrilled by sheer power and control he possessed over his sexy twink husband.
“That’s it my Alpha drink you bitch’s milk, imagine how much more thick and creamy it will be if he is being fed twice the amount of Alpha cum, how plumb his body will be and how his udders will feed both the pups and his Alphas with ease.”
He felt empty at the loss of the Captain fist bit to his mortification was moaning within moments as larges hands grasped hold of his hips and the Captain’s cock pounded his hole, setting a relentless pace that took his breath away. When the Captain’s knot formed he screamed as sharp barbs dug into his flesh, tearing his passage further with each thrust.
“We the Avengers are a war pack Captain, as our leader and Alpha your omega must be scented by the rest of the pack so that no other pack is in doubt of who he belongs too.
Chapter 18
Before the breeding ensure that he is thoroughly cleansed inside and out, then rub his body with the Stud dog’s scent  and cum.  I would advise a collar and upper body harness, less damaging to his neck and shoulders when he is pinned down.
“Steve I am so sorry, please don’t hate me I didn’t mean to do it I was startled when you grabbed me and I just lashed out blindly.  I promise it will never happen again, don’t leave me I love you so much.”
Hulk adjusted the stocks so the whole frame tipped forward 10 degrees, so Daisy Cow’s udders angled down towards the milk pail placed under the frame, sitting on the wooden milking stool he rubbed his fingers over the trapped teats.
“Baby, you have not said thank you for your punishment yet and you know that you do not call me Steve unless I say, now be a good boy and thank me properly.”
Tony was forcing down his panic by projecting all his anger at the doctor.  The thought of having twins had been more than enough to cope with but to be having triplets was seriously sending him spiralling down into mass panic.
Sorry for any errors, having to use my old laptop as new one has died on me so spell check and grammar not really working.
But you are correct Bruce, we have already been sexually active, and l have disciplined him as well, he did not protest very hard, and he was always wet and ready.”
“Settle down omega, if you want a chance to play with your Loki toy, then l expect perfect behaviour for the whole of the night.”
The Judge amused himself by seeing how many times he could get the little cocklet to squirt, uncaring that the boy was crying and begging him to stop.  The sweet tasting cum was addictive and he wanted as much as he could get if this was going to be the only time he got to pay with the brat.  When the clock chimed the hour, he diapered the boy and placed him back on the rug, not bothering to wipe clean the sticky mess from his stomach.
Over the following few years, he worked hard to turn Stark Industries in to one of the leading global technology companies, turning away from weapons after Afghanistan, although he didn’t abandon the military completely, designing defensive armour for soldiers and vehicles. He rebuilt the Iron man armour for Rhodey to use, Pepper took over as CEO so that he could concentrate on R&D.
Thankfully he only had to wear the spider gag for three days, before Petey finally went into labour and birthed twins, an alpha girl and an omega boy.  He didn’t get to see the birth, from start to finish it was only two hours. He and his Alphas had been spending the weekend at the President’s private farm.
The second Tony loosened his hands, he let go of his hold on his omega’s waist and stepped back.  The panicked look on his face as gravity took hold and he slid down fully onto the unforgiving metal phallus, had him grabbing his cock, squeezing it to stop from coming there and then.
Clint shot his load not even bothering to rub it in, after roughly fingering Tony’s holes to collect his slick and pussy juice he licked them off whilst flicking the omega’s prominent nipples, smirking at the hisses of pain coming from the prone omega.
I can only apologise for the error that occurred in the administering of the previous booster, the lab technician did not send up the enhanced omega hormones that had been requested, so Tony was given the correct dosage of normal hormones which were obviously not suitable for your omega’s condition. Unfortunately, this means his body will have built up a resistance which is why we are having to give and higher dosage over a longer period, instead of just one injection.
Notes
In the bathroom there was a gold bottle, the note prompting him to use the liquid to wash his body, there was a second bottle for his hair. The water never seemed to get cold, so he spent a long time soaping his body and washing his hair, it wasn’t until he was drying himself that he noticed the towel was covered in body hair, rushing to the mirror he was shocked to see his body hair had all fallen off, and his hair instead of being its normal golden blond was now an icy white blond.
Jarvis will count them off for you this morning , but from tonight you will count each strike, any error will incur five further strikes.
Do not worry about Tony, he is happy and content, swollen once more with mine and Odin’s pups. He is Asgard’s Golden Omega, forever tied to this Realm and the Odinson line.”
“That’s it, Tony, show me how much you want to be a good boy for your Alpha, come for me now!”
Judge Edwards wrapped his arms round the sobbing boy,
“Wow Ms Potts you look absolutely stunning, the perfect picture of a high class whore, I think that you should where your makeup like that every day from now on, you will have the board and your competitors eating out of your pussy in no time at all.”
He doesn’t like leash training, even though he preens every time he catches sight of his pretty red leather collar with the gold tag that names him as Captain America’s Omega.  His Alpha has promised him matching cuffs if he trains hard and can walk perfectly to heel before they leave, so he tries his best and only stumbles a couple of times.
He moved Tony onto the sofa, placing him on his hands and knees, it only took a moment to undo the onesie and the flap on the diaper.  Tony’s hole was already leaking slick, he guided the fat head of his cock into the tight hole, Tony’s little whimpers of pain making him push harder until he breached the tight ring, sinking deep into his little boy pussy.
Steve abruptly came back to consciousness when Bucky’s metal hand connected with his backside, there was hardly any time to take a breath between the smacks that rained down on him.  The pain radiating throughout his body, with each heavy thud, it seemed never ending as he screamed into the pillow, he tried to wriggle away but Bucky dragged him back, spinning him onto his back, straddling him and pinning him to the mattress.
Now let’s plug you and put in a sound, don’t want any accidents today, then you can do your makeup and hair whilst l sort out breakfast.”
“ In, that case, I really don’t see the point in taking things slow and giving you time to adjust, open your slutty mouth and take in my cock, hmmm good girl, now keep swallowing until you are cradling my cock in your throat  ”
“Ms Potts glad to see you awake, you were quite worn out so l thought it best to let you sleep, but you did compete your paperwork to make me your new physician and verbally agreed to allow me to carry on with any treatment l thought necessary even if you passed out, after you started to feel a bit faint.”
“There we go, now get up and lay on the bed with your legs spread wide, put that pillow under your hips so I can get a good view of your pussy.  Now put your wrists into the cuffs, they will automatically lock round them.
The Doctor and Steve are both manipulative bastards.
“It is very difficult to say what will happen, but I do not think that Pepper will suddenly behave and conform to your standards straight away, it will take some time for her to adjust to not being the dominant Alpha of SI Pack and to be seen as less by the Avengers Pack.
Darcy’s silent screaming tore him apart, his births had been hard but at least he knew his Alphas and the Pack were near and would care for him. The two handlers treated her exactly like a birthing cow, they showed her no humanity and gave no comfort even though it was clear she was in extreme pain.
“How is he Bruce,  l am concerned that he doesn’t seem to remember this morning?”
Laying on his back with his legs spread he toyed with his nipples as he fingered his pussy, his tiny cock sticking up. Suddenly there was a loud roar and a green beast lumbered into the room, he was at least 7ft tall and build like a tank, his face was covered in a leather mask.  Tony tried to scramble off the bed but had forgotten his ankle had been chained to a ring on the floor, the beast grabbed him and threw him back on the bed, roaring in his face.  Before he could catch his breath, his other ankle was chained and his legs pulled up and wide apart just his head and shoulders on the mattress, his arms chained behind his head.
Slipping the card into his wallet Edward’s nodded before making a hurried exit, his cock twitching in his pants at the thought of his gift, there was no mistaking the silver edged card with the engraved phone number.
I have ordered him a wardrobe of clothes that l think are more suitable to the style l want him to wear, he can protest, but if he does not want to walk around naked he will obey my decision.  To be honest l will not have him in more than lingerie or bare skin in the Penthouse, much easier to bend him over and fuck him if he has less clothes on.
Pepper has her medical examination with Dr Banner and then has to go through her initiation into the Avengers Pack, needless to say she is very unhappy and makes it known.
“Sweetheart, you are going to shine amongst all the other omegas, l want them and their Alphas to see how beautiful and well behaved you are going to be for me.”
“Prince Thor, I am going to replace these rings with a set made of Jotun ice marble, they are larger and heavier and will stretch her cunt lips.  I will also unhood her clitoris, if you want your whore dripping and throbbing constantly, I can pierce it as well.”
“W..what,  no got r..r’ctor, s’gone, don’t wann’a  go h..hhospital Ste’v”
Bucky watches as Steve fucks their omega, the bitch’s tits are hanging down nipples grazing the carpet with each thrust of Steve’s cock. The swaying mounds slap against the omega’s belly as Steve loses his rhythm, his thrusts becoming uncoordinated as his cock pulses and pumps the omega full of cum.
Now there is balance, and the threads of fate have been rewoven.  You will return to Midgard in disgrace, your Avengers will despise you for deceiving them, the public will vilify you, the  almighty Alpha Steve Rogers, an omega hiding behind a false body and designation.  Your President is furious and embarrassed, wants to make an example of you,  wants you to be publicly disciplined and imprisoned.
Jarvis, inform Bruce not to worry about sending up breakfast and that we will be joining the team for breakfast today.”
“Hello Stark or are you Tony, it’s a bit difficult to tell as you can’t speak, and you do look decidedly different, more of a little bitch now.”
Now Pepper go take a quick shower, then go with Bruce to medical so that he can check you over.  Afterwards I expect you back in your new office to get started on those mergers.  Happy will drive you to the Compound this evening.”
Steve thought for one wonderful moment that rescue had arrived, he went to step forward only to be slapped on his cheek by Bucky.
If you have read the tags, then you know what kind of story this is going to be, please don't go to the comments and moan about the content.
Her head was covered in a full leather mask with an integrated feeding tube. Her septum piercing was bigger than his and he could see small tags hanging from her left ear hoop and coloured beads on the right hoop, the weight of the rings had started to stretch her ear lobes.
They had dabbled in age play as a way to relieve his stress but Tony had been resistant, unable to get completely into his little headspace. Unwilling to allow it to become a regular part of their life not comfortable with giving up total control, he was happy to be the submissive partner in the privacy of their bedroom but was aggressively alpha in his behaviour in his everyday life.  His poor baby was torn inside out by the struggle to maintain his public mask, it was no wonder he had turned to alcohol and prescription drugs to help him function in a world that on one hand wanted him to produce all the tech and robotics everyone wanted but at the same time watched and waited for him to finally break under the constant strain of being Tony Stark billionaire, inventor, philanthropist, owner of Stark Industries and director of R&D.
“Steve that is wonderful, how did Tony react to the testing and the doctor’s prediction?”
The two men just laughed and carried on processing the omega, clippers shaved his hair close to his head, then once again he was howling as his thick needles pierced his ears and large metal rings were pushed through the holes.
Thankfully the smell of burning flesh had faded and the skin though red and tight was healing fast courtesy of the healing effect of his Alpha’s saliva.
Darcy silently removed the other woman dress, before unhooking her bra and slipping her panties off, Lady Sophie stood docile, swaying slightly in her silk stocking and black patent heels.
Staring soulfully up through his lashes he bought his lips close to Steve’s.
“Bruce can you just leave it tonight, I am tired and am going to sleep as soon as Peggy has finished feeding, I will get undress when I go to bed.”
Happy watched as Peter crawled between his spread thighs, mouth held open by the spider-ring gag.  Without pausing he lowered his mouth onto his cock taking it down to the root, holding still waiting for Pepper to give him his next order.
“Tony, just think how proud your father would be of you, bonding with Captain America, you wouldn’t want to disappoint him hmmmm?  Did you know that during the war he used to say he would gladly approve of a bond between any omega child of his and Captain America.”
Both Alphas stared down at their sleeping omega, still slightly stunned at his transformation.  Tony had been handsome and compact before being bonded and bred, the de-aging effect of his Alphas cum and his pregnancies had transformed his body into soft curves and large breasts, his features younger by a few years, closer to mid – twenties than late thirties.
The watcher stared at the shivering figure, his boy looked beautiful, the satin hugging the faint curves that were appearing on his small frame, the stockings and shoes elongated his legs, giving definition to his claves and slim ankles, he imagined them hooked round his back or over his shoulders. He palmed his hard cock as he wrote instructions on the mirror for his little captain to follow.
“Please Steve it hurts, hurts so much need to let it out now.”
Meg left Steve to his musings, now to sort out the Stark Omega and get him on board with delivering these pups without the use of drugs.  Just once she would like these highly strung omegas to just get on with giving birth without the dramatics.  She blamed all these modern Alphas who were pussy whipped by their omegas and scared to dominate them correctly due to the stupid omega rights movement.
Steve stared at Natasha, she had obviously deduced what Fury and Coulson were about to reveal, looking at the other avengers he could see from the green tinge to Bruce’s skin that he had also guessed as well.  Thor and Clint looked as confused as him, Steve hated that there were still so many things in this century that he did not understand, it had taken him several talks with Tony before he understood the whole emancipation thing, convinced that Tony was teasing him.
Two things happened in quick succession just as the tip of his knife cut into the root of the tiny cock.  The bitch’s stomach rippled and spasmed, the omega screamed as clear fluid gushed from it’s cunt soaking the bench and his trousers.  Before he could fully register what was happening he caught sight of Steve’s shield descending, the heavy weight of the shield slammed into the side of his head knocking him to the ground dazed and confused, the knife dropping from his hand.
He curled round Tony his body touching every part of him, he grazed his teeth over the scars left by the other Alpha, scenting and flooding the omega with his pheromones.
He kept his head down and Bucky’s great coat on until they entered the club, finding some comfort in Bucky’s arm round his shoulder.
“Come now, get your cock out and into my omega’s mouth, see how eager she is to be filled, look at those lips they were make to suck dick.”
“Loki stop being such a bitch and just fuck me!”
“Omega, l gave you two options you chose to offer a third, whilst l appreciate that you were trying to please me, you have failed and l am very disappointed in you, it just shows that omegas cannot be trusted to make any decisions for themselves.
“Slick it back Marco, I am dressing her in business attire, she is going to visit with Captain Rogers and Tony to sign some papers, Happy will be arriving shortly as the wedding has been moved up, he will be bringing a selection of dresses he has chosen, but wants to see how her hair-cut turned out before deciding on the final one.
Tony’s hole was dripping in slick so he he slid right in and took his time, slow, deep thrusts that dragged over his omega’s prostrate with every pass. Tony whine and moaned beneath him, trying to push up to meet his thrusts, stilling he said nothing until his omega stopped all movement and sound after a whispered ‘forgive me Alpha.’
Tony couldn’t breathe as Steve’s weight pressed him face first down into the mattress, the idiot was so busy spouting off about his plans for their future he was not aware that he was suffocating him.   Still it would be a test of his muzzle theory, hopefully he would still be alive to see if it worked.
Tony dissolved into giggles as he thought up more and more weird food combinations to send Clint on a wild goose chase to get.
Winter smirked at Steve over their omega’s bowed back.
“Pup, you are to obey the Vet and follow all his instructions, you will be punished severely if I find you have misbehaved.  When we return I expect to see a fine little breeding bitch, ready and eager to show its owners how well behaved and useful it can be.
Thor could see Steve and Winter’s disgruntled faces as he ploughed their omega, but there was nothing they could do against his strength , it didn’t harm them to be occasionally reminded that he was as powerful Alien Prince, the God of Thunder and Fertility.   Anthony was tiny and making such pretty noises as he was split in half on his cock, this omega was truly a treasure and wasted on the two Super Soldiers, there would come a time when he would have to rectify this.
Steve speed read the documents signing in all the relevant places, when he had finished Pepper had Fury and Agent Coulson sign as witnesses.
Tony by this time was sitting up, bound arms flailing as he spoke, kicking out his leg he knocked the clothing and diaper off the bed along with the wash basin and sponge. How could they treat him like this he could feel himself starting to shake with anger and his stomach cramp with the stress of everything.  When the stupid bitch tried to grab hold of his ankles he pushed into her with both feet so that she stumbled backwards giving him room to roll off the bed, ducking under Steve’s arms he ran for the door only to find with his hands bound in the hospital restraint mittens he could not get any purchase on the handle.
Tony suffered through being dressed and posed like a doll throughout the photoshoot, aware of Steve’s sharp gaze and the promise of being allowed lab time if he behaved.
His facial features were delicate and fine boned, his lips plump, his large expressive doe eyes were framed by thick long lashes that held on to every teardrop until the last moment.  He could pass for either sex, as his youthful features had not settled either way and with the serum it would be many years before he aged.
Getting Tony to evacuate his enema he then raised Tony’s arms and attached them to the rubber cuffs on the back wall of the shower cubicle, kneeling down he spread Tony’s legs wide and secured his ankles to another set if rubber cuffs.
“Fuck! Fuck! Fuck, I swear if you do not get me some drugs now I am going to repulsor your as to kingdom come.  This is worse than having the arc reactor fitted in a fucking cave in Afghanistan!
The meeting devolved into a mutual hour of sexual gratification, with all parties taking pleasure in the two breeders and even making use of BB, who proved to be an excellent cock sucker for a beta.
Chapter 17
For the first time a voice spoke through the mirror, there was something vaguely familiar about it, but he just dismissed it as Thor trying to disguise himself.
Steve felt his omega’s panic through the bond and his thoughts on Howard.
“Fuck, look how big your hole is, so loose and sloppy just waiting to be filled. Dirty bitches like you love to flaunt their slut holes, hoping for some Alpha cock to stuff them full and breed them.  You want us to fuck you then you need to beg for it like the slutty whore you are.”
With one final push his cock is fully seated in his omega’s cunt, the velvety soft flesh gripping tight to his throbbing member. Giving himself a moment to steady his raging need to fuck his omega senseless, he caresses Tony’s belly the fluttering movement of the pups increases as if they are aware of their Alpha father’s presence.
Tony flushed red, mortified that his body only needed the slightest stimulation for his pussy to start dripping, it was even more embarrassing to know that pain of the friction burns added to his arousal.
Winter will be your Alpha soon as well, so you will obey him as you would me.  Do not disappoint me omega! You will not enjoy the consequences of such behaviour.”
I’m going to pump you so full of cum in all your holes that you will not be able to move without if pouring out of you, such a dirty little bitch with sloppy wide open fuck holes.”
I will also allow you one afternoon a week to spend time with Pepper and Happy, but you will both do the activities that are set for you. Happy and I will be with you most of the time, but occasionally when you both have behaved particularly well, we will let you have some alone time to chat and watch a movie.  When the babies arrive, I expect that Pepper will be glad to have an afternoon break, so you must not misbehave and ruin it for her.
Leaked photos and a press release.
Winter sent a quick message to Rogers coms unit alerting him that their omega’s post pregnancy heat was imminent.
Stark Industries and the Avengers would continue to benefit from using the omega’s genius intelligence, but at no cost now, she was sure that Bruce would take great delight in showing Steve the specially adapted lab for the omega to work in.
“Omega can you not count? Are you so stupid that you cannot even comprehend that l gave you two options to choose from not three!
That was a role that Peter would fulfil when she decided the time was right, Happy would be content to raise the pups whilst Peter worked as her personal assistant and provide stress relief at the office.
He bought his hand down over and over until the omega’s backside and thighs were bright red and he could feel the heat coming of the skin.  His cock sunk into the puffy hole with ease and his could feel his anger and stress disappearing with each hard thrust, his cock hardening with each shout and cry from the bound omega.  There was no way he was going to give up on having Stark as his omega, it felt right to have the omega beneath him and skin burning with his marks.  He gave into the urge to knot the quivering omega who was now whimpering and whispering his name, begging him to stop. It was to late, his knot popped as his cum painted Stark’s tight hole.
Bruce saw the shipping crate onto the truck, glad that it was one less problem he needed to deal with.  Now he could concentrate on Steve, he wanted him on his cock sooner rather than later.  It would make him much easier to manipulate and once the portals aligned,  which by  JARVIS 2.O calculations could be between ten to eighteen months, he wanted Steve firmly looking to him for guidance and direction.  Of course he was not going to tell anyone that he had managed to resurrected JARVIS and with his whole processing capabilities used only on the portal algorithm the results had been spectacular.
“Zeus, knot her and bite her other shoulder, l want her swollen with cum and her womb full of pups, Dr Banner has assured me that her new modified womb and altered DNA will accommodate hybrid pups.”
Happy led Peter into the penthouse lounge, giving a quick tug on the leash to ensure that his charge kept pace with him, the stupid brat was still sulking at the cute dress that Pepper insisted he wear.  The pink frilly dress fitted tight across his breasts before flowing over his bump to end at his thighs, matching pink knickers with lacy frills and bows stretched tight over his bum and crotch, outlining his caged cock and balls. Happy had pinned two white bows in Peter’s hair which was now skimming his shoulders. Pepper wanted Peter to be a sissy boy omega now that the whiny bitch was pregnant, and Happy took great delight in humiliating the brat with the most girly, frilly dresses and knickers.
I have acquired a sample of his blood that I would wish you will ‘see’ with your all-powerful eye.  I would be remiss in my duty of care as Loki’s Alpha, to not find a solution to his barrenness. Loki cannot hope to pay for his past sins if he cannot perform his only duty as an omega.”
I know formal omega balls are a thing of the past but you will be surprised at how many inquires Miss Potts has had to field from your peers about a formal presentation.  The gala will already be attended by everyone of importance and since it is a few weeks after you heat we may be able to make another announcement.”
“Now, now little boy, remember your Daddy said that you had to do what I asked, so you are going to get down on your knees and suck my popsicle, just like Daddy taught you to do.”
Steve, you are probably going to have to give him some relief from his heat symptoms,  oh don’t go all moral on me, he is going to burn up and be in agony if his full heat hits and we don’t know what that will do to the baby, so just do what you have to and don’t feel guilty, Stark enjoyed it when I fingered him to ease his distress earlier, it’s not as though you will be doing anything wrong, if you think about it you are providing medical treatment for a distressed omega.”
She held out her hand for Steve to shake.  It looked small and fragile in his huge hand, but her grip was strong and her eyes sparkled as he felt her long red nails dig deeply into his palm.
“Gentlemen I must congratulate you on having such a fertile omega, who would have thought Tony Stark would be the consummate breeder. Multiple pregnancies have been steadily declining along with the omega birth rate.
Through her tears she could see Happy and Steve watching intensely, both nodding their heads when the director spoke quietly to them.
For days after he tried to avoid Steve, his stupid crush was getting out of hand, nothing could come of it, Alpha/Alpha bonding was still heavily frowned on and there was no way that he would want to become an omega.  Omegas had very few rights, they were ‘brides and breeders’ the creators of family dynasties.  They and everything they owned, belonged to their Alpha once bonded, a made omega was of an even lower status as there was no telling until the first breeding if they would produce pure pups.  Even then the dynastic line would take years to be recognised as worthy of ‘Bride Prices’.
A belly full of pups, a good hard fucking every day, to be owned and treated like an omega should be, but Ben was too soft wasn’t he, too afraid to upset you after your failure to catch a litter.  I bet he treated you like a queen, allowed you to behave as if you were an equal, a decision maker. He was content to step back, I bet you spent most of your marriage horny and frustrated, even looking after Peter wouldn’t have been enough.”
Unbeknown to Tony, Steve had not fully left he was watching through a small gap in the door he wanted to see if Tony would follow his order.
“Baby boy, if you make yourself cum then you will prove that you are alpha still, and l will allow you to leave. But if your tiny cock does not shoot its pathetic load and then I make you come, you will admit that you are no longer a proper alpha and give yourself willingly to me.”
Pepper enjoyed every moment of fucking the omega’s as they went through labour, it made her feel dominant and powerful, gave her the will to carry on so that one day she might earn her way out of this nightmare.
He had known that going up against Captain Perfect Fucking Alpha! Was going to be a huge mistake but he could not stop himself.  Every attempt on the Captain’s part rein him in was met with contempt and derisive comments.  Even when the Rogers tried to talk calmly to him and initiate a friendly conversation he threw it back in his face and escaped from the room as quickly as possible.
You will see a marked difference in the next twenty-four hours, with the correct balance of hormone production Tony will adjust with greater ease and his stress levels will lower as his body becomes increasingly susceptible to your Alpha pheromones.
“Good May, you have put on 12lbs, still need another 8lbs weight gain before we can safely inseminate you with the embryos. Carrying four pups with not enough body fat is detrimental to the health of yourself and the pups at your age.  You will need the fat reserves as the pups will be taking nearly all the nutritious elements of the food you are ingesting.  Also, your milk production cannot be allowed to suffer, you have hungry pups to feed and Tony’s milk reserves will only feed the new pups for six weeks.
“Stupid omega, I thought you were supposed to be intelligent, top of your class, full ride to University. Guess it was all those ‘Spiders Senses’ making you super intelligent, now you are just a stupid sissy cry baby omega!
Odin sank his cock into the little omega’s sopping hole, fingers pinching and kneading the deep purple and black bruises covering her pert butt cheeks.  It pleased him to hear the little bitch scream, all the while grinding back on his cock, as he fucked her tight pussy. He gripped her waist, pulling her up onto his lap, so he could breathe in her scent and feel her bonding glands.  Her scent was pleasing for an already bonded omega, but his anger surfaced when his magic found the death bond, this was an abomination, and he would not stand for it.
Have not really checked this chapter so I apologise for any mistakes.
The lawyer rose from his chair to place the leather document folder in his brief case and motioned for the Co-ordinator to rise, after shaking hands with both the CEO of Stark Industries and Captain Rogers they followed her personal assistant through the large glass office doors to the elevator.
When Steve returned the make-up artist had just finished, Tony’s hair had been styled in to artfully mussed curls as though he had just risen from his bed.
Tony cries out as both Alphas guide their cockheads into his hole, the burn of stretched flesh lasts only a few moments before the ring of muscles give with an ease that shouldn’t be possible.  Both Alphas loom over him as they slide balls deep, each keeping a hand on his bent knees, pinning him to the desk as his hands scrabble for purchase amongst the slick soaked papers.
“P..Pepper?”
In this photo taken after she started work at Stark Industries you can see even though her hair has grown out, her business suits are clean cut classic designs, her jewelry understated the only indulgence to her feminine side is her penchant for high heels. Every lover she has taken has been young and inexperienced, someone she can manipulate into a submissive role.  There is no doubt that she despises being seen as ‘the girl’ in any relationship and refuses to defer to any male opinion in the business world, even if it is valid.
Thor and Happy were spit roasting Pepper when he came back, whilst Clint lay under her tits as Natasha milked her, squirting it into Clint’s open mouth.
“Bucky, I think you should choose Tony’s punishment for this morning’s infraction since you had to do for me what our omega knows is his first duty of the day.”
The Stud chose to take him from behind whilst his tits were milked at a fast rate by the automated milking cups, he timed his thrusts, so Peter’s nipples were being stretched fully as he hauled him back on to his cock, the howls of the omega exciting him to go faster and harder, fingers digging into the cow’s soft flesh.  Once he had him trapped on his knot he toyed with the cow’s clit until it was raw, the rough pads of his fingers stripping off a layer of skin.  Then he started on the cow’s udders, they were a bit small but that just meant he could cover them in bruises that much quicker. Once his knot had gone down, he got to feed from the stretched nipples, he didn’t care that his sharp teeth were puncturing the already swollen flesh, as a Stud he craved omega cow milk, and would do anything to get his reward.  He guessed with the removal of his teeth guard that the herders were teaching the new cow a hash lesson.
Tony didn’t remember much of the rest of the trip, all he knew was that he was warm and dry and Steve was cuddling him as he sang softly to him.  He tried to remember why he was supposed to be mad at Steve but he was just to tired.
“Don’t worry Bucky it is only a few weeks until the pups are born, once Tony goes in to his post pregnancy heat we can breed him together and you can bond with him.  Once our triad is complete Tony will be as much your omega as mine, he will bear both our mating marks.”
Arching off the bed Tony screamed in agony as his numbed nipples pulsed and throbbed back to life.  Steve used that moment to slam his cock deep into Tony’s virgin pussy hole the tight walls sucking his cock deeper until his balls were flush against his omega’s skin.
Tony Pup took a deep breath, before he relaxed his throat and fully swallowed Winter’s considerable length, the thick pulsing cock shot it’s load of cum as the knot filled his mouth.  He moaned as the thick cream filled his stomach, his jaw ached but the satisfaction of pleasing his Alpha and being ‘his bitch’ overrode any pain and discomfort.  He rubbed up against Winter’s leg needing the friction against his cocklet to help keep the heat at bay,  but a slap to the side of his head and a shoe toe to his groin had him arching away.
Steve ran his fingers over each star sometimes pressing down or scratching his nail over one enjoying each gasp of pain and bodily shiver his omega gave.  Spreading Tony’s cheeks he admired the last star as it sat on the puffy ring of muscle the edges of two of the points disappearing into his hole.  Slipping two fingers in to the warm heat he stretched wide the puffy ring eliciting a moan of arousal from his gagged and tied down omega.
Steve scooped Tony into his arms, settling them in the rocking chair and placing the teat of the bottle against Tony’s lips, it took a few moments before he was able to get him to start sucking, tear filled whiskey brown eyes looking sadly up at him.
One of Bruce's surprises is revealed much to the mortification of Tony.  Steve on the other hand is very pleased.
Sprawling on the bed knees spread, he tilted his hips up giving the lens a full shot of his pussy and asshole as they quivered and clenched with each thrust of their electronic plugs.
Tony looked adorable in his pale blue fleece pyjamas with fluffy white clouds floating on them his hair mussed and his feet clad in the white fluffy socks with paw print grips on the bottom to stop him slipping as he walked.  As his arm circled Tony’s waist to help him stand he could not resist slipping his hand under the elastic waist band to touch the padded diaper, he felt the same thrill as before as the waterproof outer crinkled under his fingers.
“Tony, give me your answer now, do you of your own free will consent to bond and accept my mark?  Do you consent to registering your contract in the traditional style, knowing that it is unbreakable and binding for the rest of your life?”
He watched as Tony twisted his hair into a loose chignon before sitting to apply his makeup perfectly.  Steve stood behind him and fastened his Black Pearl collar tightly round his neck.
Tony slipped his hand in to Steve’s as they stood in front of the press, he wished he had a pair of sunglasses to hide behind, but Steve had said he didn’t need them since he wouldn’t have to speak or look directly at the cameras, even if the photographers shouted at him to do so.  He blushed when he felt a large hand slip below the back waistband of his jeans, fingers tapping against the base of his plug.
He watches as Tony’s expression morphs from the pained high of his last orgasm to one of devastation when he realises that it’s piss and not his cum that is running down the mirror.
“That’s it sweetheart, now place your legs over the arms of the chair and let me see your pretty holes, reach down and take out your pussy vibrator, nice and slow. Run it along you cunt lips and use the tip to get your clit nice and hard, that’s it keep going until you squirt, my best girl.  Now fuck that vibrator with your mouth, clean all that dirty pussy juice off.
Stunned by both revelations he sat contemplating his plan of action, as Avengers they had dealt with some strange unexplainable happenings over the last year, so his mind was prepared to be more open to the reality that magic existed along with many other, as yet unexplainable things.  The proof would be in the immediate visible alteration to Tony’s genitalia.
Three hours later and he was screaming, screaming at anyone who came even remotely near him, at every contraction that ripped through his body, at his stupid fucking Alpha who had left it to late to stretch his cunt further with the dildo since the suddenly squeamish bastard had refused to fuck him, and who suggested he not keep swearing and throwing things, that it was unbecoming of him to make so much noise.
A final tug has his omega screaming in ecstasy, a tiny dribble of clear fluid leaks from his soft cock.  Tony leans back against his chest panting as his orgasm works its way through his body.
“Ms Potts you have been told what you have to do, questioning and stepping away from your Alpha is two marks against you, for which you will be punished.
Pepper didn't get to be CEO by being a sweet caring Alpha, she is a cold headed, manipulative bitch, who expects total submission from her omegas.
Now it is the years from 12 to 14 that are of interest to us.  Howard made no show of hiding his disappointment that Tony presented as base line, although he was overheard on several occasions say at least he wasn’t a useless omega.  Howard decided that Tony should be home schooled after that as it was a waste of money sending him to any more Pack Boarding Schools.
“Good afternoon Alpha Rogers, shall we begin with Omega Stark Rogers scan then I can do all the other checks afterwards.”
Please l was trying to honour you as my Alpha, l was not trying to be disrespectful or ungrateful.”
Bruce decided that Petey was much prettier with plump rosy cheeks and soft fleshy thighs that he could pinch and bite.  Petey’s stomach was huge now, only days away from giving birth.  He was dressed in a pink smock with a Peter Pan collar, frilly white panties and socks with patent leather t bar shoes.  The servants had combed and plaited his hair, tying them off with white bows.  Bruce fed up with his tears because he hated pink had place a large dummy gag in his mouth.  Petey was in for a spanking when they returned to earth.
To him Bucky was still beautiful scars and all because he was here with him now having lived through hell to fight his way back to his Alpha.  Steve would do almost anything to ensure Bucky was rid of the Winter Soldier, he would get Tony and Bruce to start researching away to break Buck totally free.
“Bruce, mmmmmm, that feels good, ahhhhhh just a bit harder.  Mmmmmmmm you have such long fingers, come on Bruce l feel so much better now, it’s just you making my pussy hot now.”
He allowed a little of his weight to press the omega into the mattress, every part of their bodies touching, he rocked gently against Tony’s sex, just to see what would happen, if the omega was receptive to physical stimulation yet. At first he could feel Tony tense, but then a small moan sounded from the omega.  Not wanting to scare him he continued to gently rock, his cock hardening as it rubbed against the soft naked skin.
Dr Strange took his leave in a flurry of gold sparks, after reminding Wanda and Vision that he would be back to continue training with them the next day.
After stepping out of his omega sandals, he pushed down his tight-fitting navy dress trousers and slipped his equally fitted white dress shirt off.  Folding them he placed them in the basket in the small changing room to the side of the entrance lobby to the Pack floor.  He grimaced when he saw the item of clothing left out for him to wear today, the pale blue silk mesh panties, once on barely covered his privates.  He outlined his eyes with the black khol pencil and carefully applied the pink tinted lip gloss, Ms Pepper had been insistent that he perfect the art of applying his make-up.
“Nothing is happening, get him off before he bites right through my nipple, this is stupid, and l have just about had enough.  Happy l want to go home, l am tired and sore, you lot have had your perverted fun.”
“Asgard’s thrall brand, will stay on your skin forever.  You run and we will find you, Bucky will be your owner and alpha for the rest of your life, you are bound by fate to find each other in every life time for eternity, Alpha and Omega, your punishment is that Bucky will always have his memories of past lives and will search for you and always find you.  You will never know of your fate until you meet, whatever life you have built will be brutally ripped from you and discarded, once Asgard’s mark appears on your body you will be claimed and owned soon afterwards.”
Clint was the first one to make a move, hands grabbing and twisting the small white nipples, as Thor restrained her against his broad chest, Loki’s high- pitched screams sent shivers through Tony’s body his own nipples aching in sympathy.
When he had first been approached by Fury to take on this mission he had already been in negotiations with Miss Potts to bond with Tony as they were both in agreement that the wayward omega needed to be bonded and guided with an extremely firm hand in to reaching his full potential as an omega.
There was no need for his omega think about anything other than pleasing his Alpha and raising his pups, it was all his and Bucky’s mothers had done so it was good enough his omega to.
Tony had argued that he knew plenty about omega biology and that he was close to completing a working proto- type of a total omega scent suppressor that would revolutionise the lives of all omegas, Alpha’s would not be able to scent or catch unbonded omegas who did not want to be mated or who wanted to work in fields that they would not normally be allowed.
His own cocky is rock hard and weeping pre cum as his little alpha pleads for him to take him.  Finally, he pushes in, Tony’s legs over his shoulders so that he can watch as his cock pushes past the tight ring of muscles. Hs little alpha’s eyes are blown wide as he begins a to pump his cock in and out of the tight channel, his large hands holding Tony’s own above his head, his weight trapping the smaller man under him.  He sets a punishing pace, his hips snapping, desperate to force his burdening knot past the tight ring of muscles, desperate to knot and fill his little alpha.  Tight walls milk his knot of every drop of cum, he feels Tony’s body stiffen as his own orgasm hits.
Brushing his fingers over Tony’s baby cock, he hid his smirk as the tiny thing immediately hardened and squirted a few drops of clear cum.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony slid off his Alpha’s lap kneeling before him and kissed the offered hand.  A sense of calmness came over him when his Alpha’s hand cupped his cheek and gentle fingers wiped away his tears.
The Milking Barn was everything and more than the rumours about it. The outside may have looked like a traditional barn, but the inside was completely modern and air conditioned, everywhere was spotlessly clean and uncluttered.
Three times he ejaculated without releasing his barbs or knotting Tony, the pink flush staining the omega’s face and chest a sign that the omega was near to wakening, the slight scent of honey filling his nostrils confirmed his burdening arousal. Once he had tucked himself away, he slipped one of the larger plugs into the gapping, hole, fingers tracing the puffy rim.  The omega’s cock was hard and weeping, it took less than two strokes of his finger before the tiny thing was spurting a small amount of clear cum.
Mistress and Clint were exchanging money, having probably bet on how long she would be knotted. The Captain was staring at her with a satisfied look on his face, there was a small female crying against Bruce’s leg, probably his omega.  Bruce’s eyes were hard and angry, she had a fleeting moment of thought that he was angry about her horrendously brutal treatment, but when he sneered at her and stood to leave, any hope she had that he would forgive her lies and deception disintegrated.
The majority of time, you will be my sweet little twink, who follows all his Sir’s rules and is a slutty, little whore when hanging off my knot.
Steve beamed with pride as his omega happily accepted every mouthful of food with no complaint, Tony practically glowed with happiness as he lay back on his pillows having been allowed one small block of the chocolate once as a reward for pleasing his Alpha by eating and remembering his manners and politely thanking all the other alphas for their gifts.
Steve decides to go ahead with his own procedure.
“Alphas, your silly bitch is high on the taste of Jotun milk, the enriched vitamins and minerals contained in the colostrum are meant to aid pups in the freezing climate of Jotunheim. Weight gain is important for new-born pups, so the milk has addictive qualities that mean they suckle long and often, causing rapid weight and growth.”
They took the battle to the desert where Thor had first appeared, Thor thought it a fitting place to end his time on Midgard. He assigned Sif and Hogan to the task of shadowing Steve and Winter, for the plan to work they needed to die at exactly the same time and Thor could not be seen to be anywhere near them.
I think you were correct in supposing the serum has enhanced my sperm, the contraceptive patch obviously did not work.”
He couldn’t be bothered to take off her harness, it would soon dry in the heat. Once she was clean, he mixed up her mush, forcing her to eat it straight away as he needed the bowl back for his own food.
“shhh Tony don’t fret, you are safe in the hospital, you had a bad fall in the suit, broke your arm and dislocated your shoulder. Your right leg is in plaster and your left arm is strapped to keep your shoulder immobilised.  You needed a blood transfusion, so your right arm needed to be restrained in case you moved suddenly and pulled out the needles.”
“See how the stud is raring to go again, balls full of cum but he knows better than to knot her again.  He needs to move onto the next cow, now usually l would not do this, but Karl has just informed me that Milky Tits has mastitis, all the other cows in this part of the barn have been bred once this year, so the schedule for you had just moved up to now.”
With a last lingering glance at the half finished engine, Tony shuffled over to his Alpha stopping in front of him tired eyes glanced at Steve waiting for instruction.  Steve smiled happy that Tony had obeyed without having to be told more than once.
“ Ok son, but in the front, l want to see if she needs her mother to give her any instructions on her technique.”
Bucky had known the minute the omega opened his mouth he was going to object to the order.  Once he had the omega settled across his lap he began to wallop the still red backside this time using his metal hand.  Ten solid smacks had the omega shaking and crying, pleading with him to stop.
