“Steve texts: Don’t worry. I’m not a dick.”
“Oh now, none of that,” the girl said and tugged his hands away from his face. “Aw, there’s Blue Eyes. You’re doing so much better now.” Her smile invited and eased his fears, though his doubts still niggled at him. The tension in his shoulders decreased. The teenager’s demeanor exuded friendliness and confidence. She clasped both of his hands in hers. “If we had left you to them, I cannot even tell you what would have happened. Seriously, they wanted to give you transfusions.” She eyed the group around him and tsked several times. “Thank goodness you got here when you did. As soon as I scanned you, we knew.”
Tony continued as he laid his head on Steve’s shoulder. “The Helicarrier I thought was the V-Corps coming to finish us off was actually Fury. Thor and Bruce helped us. I brought you here. But you were dead.” Steve kept still, not speaking, not breathing as he waited for the rest of the story. If he didn’t move, if he didn’t breath perhaps it was all a dream, a nightmare really. Yet he knew it to be true. His life was no longer his – something terrible and wonderful had happened. “I gave you my blood. I opened a vein and dribbled it into your mouth. You were dead. Your lips were gray, your face like ashes. No heart beat.” Steve knew he had a heart beat now. He wasn’t dead – he wasn’t a vampire. “I don’t know if the leftover serum saved you or my blood, but you’re alive now.”
“Hasta la vista, baby!” Tony grins and gets right back to work.
“You’re not Captain America first,” Tony stated. “You’re Steve Rogers first. Before you were that symbol you were Steve Rogers.”
Standing, Steve tucks his tablet under his arm but leaves the tea. “Is there a problem?”
“Huh?”
Natasha opened the door and peeked in. “We’re almost ready. Are you coming?”
Luggage and bags were scattered all over the car from the breached overhead compartments. He found his bag and shield – it was across the car. Wrestling his way to it and to Clint, he stopped periodically to check on the other passengers. As he made his way to his shield and his teammate a rattle halted him. He froze. The car shook and he grabbed the seat. Other passengers groaned along with the car. Steve peered out of the windows and saw no immediate danger. Outside of the car a young woman with chestnut red hair stood with her hands reaching toward the train. Between her outstretched hands a crimson fire grew.
“I suppose since I’m the one linked to him now I kind of have been selected by the universe at large to do what I can,” Bruce said. He placed his hands at his hips, the towel tucked tightly around them. “I see it as a little bit of karma.”
Except for the tiny bit of study he did while they had been in hiding at his safe house, Tony hadn’t spent a lot of time concerned with how the serum worked with his preternatural physiology. Bruce probably had, but Tony steered clear of it first because it was biology and Tony wasn’t a biologist by any stretch of the imagination, and second because part of him wanted to deny the differences in his vampire body with other vampires. He wanted to be accepted as one of the coven, not singled out. Sure, as a human he enjoyed the spotlight, but vampire covens were centuries old and showing up different rocked the boat in ways that signaled danger.
"Yes ma'am that'd be nice." He really doesn't want any lemonade but he figures he should be open to it. He needs to make a good impression.
“Isolated myself, didn’t listen to my friends. Drank a little, but that usually made me sick. So, I stopped that. Didn’t eat.”
“Surprised you mean.” Tony listens to the shift of the elevator. Almost there. There’s a slight change in speed as the elevator climbs to the living floors of the Tower.
"DeSoto, I want to know about what happens to bad omegas," said Tony, voice hard.  Actually, this wasn't hard. He was mentally pretending he was arguing with an impatient board member who refused to dump more profits into R&D.  "I want to know about where those omegas go, the auctions or who buys them."
"Is Pietro okay, with his hand? I didn't actually want to hurt him..."
Tony remained on Steve; he couldn't have pulled away if he wanted to.  "No. No, shh, my omega... my good omega... it's okay, it's okay, it's okay..."
One man was still crumpled on the ground, but one was still fighting with Carter, and one was recovering and the Winter Soldier had already recovered and was on Fury's back in an instant, left arm wrapped around his neck like a steel anaconda, choking him.
He peeked in on Tony (still passed out), then went downstairs to rustle up something for dinner. He paused when he saw the tickets on the countertop and reached over, grabbing his phone and finding the link on the website so he could RVSP.
Dr. Gleason shined a pen light in his eyes.  "Lots of people don't like doctors. My mate hates them, too, and he's married to one," he said, a note of amusement in his voice.
"I'll take care of it," said Pepper.
For the first time he was feeling something a bit like guilt from trying to kiss Pepper.  He'd only been fooling around. But Pepper understood Tony in a way Steve didn't, even though she was beta.  She was one of the only people who, when he came back from Afghanistan, hadn't asked how he was, hadn't treated him delicately.  She'd called the press conference he wanted and rang up the dentist and it was back to business as usual. She hadn't pressed going to the doctor.  She had had her hand in his fucking chest, for crying out loud. He loved her in a weird, selfish, possessive way and he wanted her and he was pretty sure she knew what had happened over there and how badly it had ruined him.
at me in that room... then Donner would know. He didn't really love him. I'm not sure a man like that is capable of loving anyone but himself.  He's
of Steve being compromised set him off, hit some button he didn't know he had; he hadn't felt this way since... well, two years ago...
He was intensely curious about his father's and Jarvis's bond.  With both of them dead, he had no easy way to look at it, aside from old records.  Unfortunately, being an omega and a servant, Jarvis wasn't in most of them. When he was, he was regulated to the background.  There was zero indication they were bonded, except one photo of Obie Tony found where his father and Jarvis were in the background, slightly blurry, their hands possibly touching.  But that was it. As for other records, there was no bonding certificate (which meant, thought Tony with relief, that it had not been arranged, at least), and no income records for Jarvis at all.  He was like a ghost.
He wanted to be a good Alpha for Steve and he felt like he was failing.  Steve had been shot at, injured, and Tony hadn't been there to protect him.  Steve had gotten knocked up and then lost it, and somehow, that all felt like Tony's fault, too.
to bitch that we need to be more independent, and treated better... the guy's huge.  He can defend himself.  Does he even have heats?  The reality for most omegas is, we
Steve tilted his head at Louis, slowly, the gesture almost sinister, then said, "Am I dead?"
"Maybe one of the generals brought a little something back to base. Wouldn't be the first time." He huffed. "Pretty sick of having to get rid of them after, you know? Fuck man. All that digging, kills my arms..."
"Why...why would you want Gideon--"
."  He looked tickled to have gotten away from his Alpha.
"Oh, they're just fighting," an omega to his right shrugged; he held a small glass of white wine. "Some Alphas like to make bets. I doubt they'll let someone like you fight..." He laughed, like he'd just made a joke.
Steve flung his shield. It snapped off the opposite walls and got two in the head, just as Steve slammed into the first.  He twisted around and flung a knife (courtesy of Natasha) which landed in a guard's arm, pinning it to the wall and making him drop his gun.  Bullets danced across the hallway. Sam appeared behind him, shooting two at the back; he hit a switch on his suit and one wing flung out suddenly, catching a man who was charging Steve and stunning him. Steve slammed the one he was currently tousling with against the wall and knocked him out cold before he punched the next one to approach him. He had a needle in his hand like they'd tried to use back at Steve's apartment. It was cute that they still thought they could take him alive. He headbutted the one with the knife in his arm, knocking him out too, before he wrenched the knife back and flung into the seventh man's thigh. He sprinted forward, jumping off one wall and knocking an Alpha out cold with a knee to the face and plunging an elbow into another nose with a sickening crunch. It all happened in a matter of seconds, Steve moving like lightning.
, watching all the little sappy glances he kept giving Steve, the way he kept reaching for his hand and touching the hem of his shirt... yeah, it was weird.  Tony normally reserved affection of this level for alcohol or engines.
"So now what?" asked Clint, managing to navigate the toast around despite Lila's best efforts to grab it.  "Me and Nat know what our next assignments will be, but you... you're on hiatus, yeah? What'll you do?"
Tony handed Steve his pen and began pointing to the lines he had to sign, being sure to brush their hands together.  His heart was pounding in his chest. If Steve had attacked Malick he probably would have been locked up. But if Tony had actually hit that gland behind his ear, forced Steve down... it would have undermined everything Steve stood for.
"I told you not to swear," Aria sulkily but was also aware it could have gone a lot worse.
Tony stared for a moment, then a slow smile began to spread across his face.
"...both," said Tony.  "...to be honest with you, I barely notice them anymore.  Normally Happy keeps them from talking to me and they just sort of orbit around taking pictures.  I don't know.  I'm used to them."
"Yeah, I've been an ass," agreed Tony without a trace of emotion.
Is it like, sticky?  Is there blood it in?  Can we put some cold water on it so it doesn't stain?"
He felt out of place, wrong.  Like his was the sidekick and his omega was the real star.  It wasn't right.  He felt like they'd been to lots of clubs before, but he was the charmer, the lead man, and his omega was the sidekick.  Now, no one was even looking at him.  They were all paying attention to the guy named Howie and to the breeder, ignoring him completely.
"I know," Pepper said and set down her tea. The tension in the room wasn't as bad as when they'd headed upstairs, Tony having just bitten Steve's neck and then panicking. Of course, Tony was still panicking, but Steve wasn't nearly bleeding so much and and at least no one was hyperventilating (as far as Pepper could hear).
"You're not gonna get back on coke, are you?" asked Rhodey, peeking out from the bathhroom.
. Maybe it wall all the emotional rushes he'd been through the past weeks, or maybe it was just all the travelling...one thing was for sure, he needed to get back into an exercise routine of some sort (because that six pack did
He felt cold and shivery and ill, probably a result of the fucking hangover he was still nursing.
They stopped off at a place for burgers and everyone ordered one along with a healthy portion of fries on the side. Steve ate his burger in about three seconds where as Aria just picked at her veggie patty with a look of disapproval. "They never can get it right," she muttered. Aria glanced over to Tony who was picking at his food too. "Dude, you gotta eat the whole thing. And not throw up. And then you can go inside."
"Could be a code name, could be a mutant," said Fury.  "Intelligence has some leads. For now, Rogers, you're decommissioned.  You too, Stark."
His mind flipped back to being flung into the wall, his vision going black.
Now he remembered.  Steve's old fling had gotten him tulips.  Tony stared at the flowers.  ...surely those weren't from...?
"...what are your plans for the future?  With regard to your career, and your relationships?" asked Dr. Brennan
"That was a different serum, I think."
"Yeah?
Steve was a living weapon, sure.  Steve could easily protect them. But Tony didn't want anyone throwing any punches.  He didn't think he could handle his omega protecting him. He wished he had a suit. Even the Mark III.
It was
-forced, I mean, they were both practically naked and Rogers was... he
Donner ignored them.  "Of course I don't know if it's an Alpha or an omega either.  If it's an omega, I think Crystal or Ladybug would be pretty."
an Alpha anyway, right?  That's the whole point, isn't it?  That omegas are strong and can do whatever they want and don't need approval from an Alpha to do it.  ...what a dick.  Besides, anyone,
"You literally wanted me to leave you alone less than twenty-four.  You pushed me away.  Or at least, as much as an O really can, anyway.  You left. You told me not to try to find you.  Steve, I'm here.
"I'll let T'Chaka know you're available."
"Well,
"Did you know you were the first ever omega to be a commissioned captain in the army?" asked Cooper excitedly.
He laughed a little awkwardly. If Tony kept touching him like this Steve was in a serious risk of giving a live demonstration of said behaviour. "So...yeah. That's about it."
It had turned Steve on too, even if he was ashamed to admit it. There was something about Tony calling him a slut that made him feel hot all over and definitely horny. It certainly wasn't something to be said in public, however.
"Steve was in a barbershop quartet," offered Tony.
he thought, panicking, but Pepper was cooing over the other baby that Brent was holding.  The babies were wearing matching pink knitted hats and were indistinguishable, except that the one strapped to Brent was asleep and the one Tony was holding was drooling copiously all over him, like some sort of retarded St. Bernard.  Tony was scared to move; he looked like Jeffrey had just handed him a nuclear bomb.
"Gee. Okay. That's a lot," said Steve.
Steve rested his cheek on his knee and turned his head to look at Bucky. "Will you tell me?" he asked in a whisper, and obviously the other looked uncomfortable at the idea. "Come on Buck, I'm already in here. Who am I gonna tell?"
that Frond's class would be good for you."
Steve," Pepper protested. "The shield is still yours. And you need to look like you mean business."
Steve sucked in a breath as Tony sucked him into his mouth. His instinct was to reach down and grip onto Tony but he didn't, letting his fingers twist into the sand. It felt like nothing else ever had before. He squirmed. He gasped. He whined. And he whimpered, his thighs trembling a little with the effort to thrust up into Tony's mouth. "Tony. You don't-- you don't have to… not if… oh,
"Get Banksy," said Rhodey in a low voice.  "I'll keep trying to talk to him but I'm in over my head here.  I didn't realize he'd be like this."
Tony so he's clearly just being a dick." She waved a hand. "I have no idea what it is. I haven't received any complaints from the World Security Council or anything."
And gosh, Tony's words had been...surprisingly sweet. Steve was almost caught off guard.
"No," said Eric and Richard together, but Harry shrugged.  "...maybe just the first few rounds. I can probably stand to blow a few hundred.  ...I'll just end up blowing it on Jinx if I don't. She has expensive tastes, that one."
The Alpha on the floor grunted. "They're going to get you one day.  They're going to butcher you for samples, or, if they can't recreate the serum,
Tony's fingers felt
him?  Charlotte hesitated. She looked between Tony, Steve and her disappearing mate.
"Well... right now they have me training SHIELD recruits. It's actually... fun. I went on a date with a girl named Rory last weekend, weird name, I know; I'm seeing her again tonight. Nothing crazy has really happened since Yemen, to be honest. Yeah, they were pissed at me but they got over it quickly enough."
"I'm not self-conscious," said Tony quickly before he could stop himself.  He rolled the two of them over so that he was on top of Steve.  "I was just... asking.  Y'know, making sure."  He turned Steve's head to brush their lips together, parting then with his tongue, exploring him softly, trying to regain the mood.
"...'63?"
"Tony," said Natasha, and her voice carried a warning in it.  "You're Steve's second Alpha.  You're the
Tony cast a look over at Steve and Irshad, heart throbbing, but he nodded numbly and let himself be dragged away.  He decided to switch to a drink without any garnish for the rest of the night.
"He should be home soon," said Tony, checking his watch impatiently.  They had called Steve but it had rung once and then gone to voicemail, which likely meant that his phone was dead.  Steve always forgot to charge it.
"Phil? Phil. Do us a favour. Can you call people? Just tell Aria and Pepper we're- we're taking Donner and he's in labour. Please."
Somewhere across the restaurant, a phone's camera clicked.  Tony didn't hear it.  He heard that noise everywhere he went and he'd long since learned to filter it out.
Doctor Gleason was. He looked oddly comfortable in their over-priced, over-large, over-gadgeted kitchen, piling the final pancake onto a plate before turning around to see Steve. "Ah! I thought the smell might coax you down," he tried for a warm smile. "That's quite a crowd outside. Very loud and stupid."
"Beautiful.  Mute all comms," said Tony.
"I don't
"Whoa.  Whoa, whoa, I don't want him," said Rhodes, holding up his hands, keeping a respectful distance from the pair.  "Come on, Tony, you know me.  Chill out."
"Yeah.  Yeah, I'm fine," said Sam, glaring down at Tony.
. Have a good day, gentleman." Then he hung up.
Of course, it's not like Steve was a saint.  Tony had seem him fight and kill and lose his temper plenty of times.  But Tony had had Steve's wholesome image ingrained into his mind since he was a child and deep down he would always think of Steve as that straight-backed guy standing patriotically in the poster above his bed.
Tony had no reply to any of this.  He was pretty sure you couldn't change a person's status, but then again, there were certainly plenty of omegas who overdosed themselves on suppressants and tried to pass as betas.  And some were successful. And their lives were probably easier for it.
"It's mostly directed toward me, though, right?" asked Tony, automatically leaping to protect Steve.
The house was a disaster.  The entire front room was a mass of rubble and broken glass.  Several partygoers were still there, passed out drunk in dusty, rumpled clothes that probably cost thousands of dollars.
"Who am I to deny the people what they want?" said Tony happily.  "Didja see me take down that asshole in Monaco, Jules?  Iron Man is like the Highlander, there can be only one.  ...that's the Highlander, right?  That there's only one of?  Jules, this is Stan--"
"Relaxing.  Relaxing," said Tony, biting back panic.  Steve's voice was like balm.  The feeling of his thumbs on Tony's cheeks was wonderful.
trying to take care of a baby by yourself is absolutely ridiculous."
.  ...who sent this?"  He flipped the label over as if there might be more information on it, but of course, there wasn't.
in the twenty-first century, or
Sam sniffed the air.  For a moment the two of them were frozen, huffing the air; Tony's eyes were closed, concentrating.  But it was already gone.
"I thought you'd never ask," he murmured back to Steve.  He had just finished up a conversation with an ex-member of the EPA about nuclear energy and was feeling worn out.  "Go speak to the Ellises, thank them, reassure them we won't blow any shit up anytime soon again if we can help it, and say something about how you look forward to seeing them at your charity dinner.  Then we can blow this popsicle stand."
"You talking science with a lot of people then?"
"You ready to go?" he asked Tony as he glanced over to see his Alpha fixing his hair. Steve walked up behind him and kissed him on the cheek. "You look good."
Tony was curled into an impossibly small ball with a mountain of sheets enveloping him.  "Titanium's boiling point is like three higher than samarium," he informed Steve groggily.  He sounded like he might be waking up.  "And that's why Rhodey can't sing Stevie's part."  Or not.  Even in his sleep, Tony's brain clearly jumped tracks smoothly and frequently.  His eyes opened groggily again and he smiled at Steve.  "My omega," he murmured lovingly, closing them again and curling up even tighter.
for crying out loud."
"Would take too long," Joey hummed and unceremoniously pulled a knife away from his belt and hacked the man's hand off.
Tony grabbed the nearest wrench and began pulling the valve wheels, trying to shift the prism.  "Whoops... oh, no... oh, boy, not good..." he hollered with good-natured, destructive delight.  Despite all his best calculation, the angle was a lot wider than he'd expected and currently he was frying a hole through the wall.  "Whoops... okay... easy... easy..."
These people were strange and scary and Steve didn't like them. He was slowly curling in on himself.  Where the hell was Bucky?  Normally, when Steve found himself in a scrap, Bucky came right to the rescue!  This was the first time Steve had ever been in a scrap with
"I need to talk to Barton.  Can you look him up?"
"They want to kill each other," he breathed. "They both think the other is the terrible person - just for wanting the same thing that they do."
St. Brendan's was a huge stone church with stained-glass windows and it was quite imposing.  It took Tony twenty minutes of stumbling around the grounds before he found a sign with an arrow that pointed towards the meeting.  He poked his head into the church basement; there were about a dozen folding chairs arranged in a circle but only seven people.
"Excellent question... who asked that... ahh, Kevin, I should've known!  ...you know, you're not the first person to ask that.  And the question is quite simple."  He paused.  Everyone stared at him, waiting for the answer.  "...ta-da," said Tony finally.
Pepper turned bright, bright red, her skin matching her hair, and she got an embarrassed, goofy smile.
The metal was smooth and warm and strong. Steve smiled as he trailed his fingers over the ridges and bumps. The blue light emitting from it made him feel happy...safe. He tilted his head and fell quiet briefly in his contentment.
to have the honor of giving me my medal," said Tony, beaming.
She showed him to the edge of the camp where they were still putting up tents for the kids to sleep in. It was a group of men putting them up, mostly alphas and betas. A few were in police uniforms. They were less star-struck around Steve (small mercies).
The memory came flooding back to him in an instant.  He and Barney, screaming for each other on the thoroughfare, calypso music playing incongruently in the background, the sweet sharp smell of hay and caramel corn.  Straining for his brother as they were pulled apart. The sensation of being unable to easily hear what Barney was screaming at him as they dragged him off. The calm explanation he'd been given later, by Carson, in a confusing jumble of half-heard words and writing and made-up signs:
"Steve and Tony's anniversary," butted in Phil.  "At least, that's what Aria said, last I talked to her.  First week of June."
"I guess so," Steve croaked, his heart aching in his chest.
auctioned off like that?" asked Tony.
"...my God, your methods are medieval," she said.
"A dream?" repeated Karpov.  His voice was quiet and dangerous.  "What dream?"
Pepper ignored him.  Steve looked confused, so she added, by way of explanation, "Status Alliance doesn't allow Alphas or betas to join.  It's omegas only."
To be fair, before they had bonded, Tony
Steve smiled.  "I'm lucky I met you.  Almost think it was worth ending up in the future."
Danielle reached out and put a firm hand on Steve's shoulder.  "Steve. If you ever need to get away from him, you know we're here for you, right?  Just letting you know." She let go.
what that feels like."
"Я думаю, что я мог бы его любила," Steve whispered. Nat squeezed his shoulder as she guided him into the car; they got in and left Tony standing, alone, in the rubble of his mansion.
"Sorry I'm late," was all Steve could think to say in that moment.
"I'm not scared of anything," said the soldier.  It wasn't a boast. He was incapable of feeling fear.  "Others fear her."
.  I can't let you storm in there Rambo-ing every single HYDRA agent you see.  Rambo is a--"
"I'm not a good Alpha."  Tony's voice was quiet and hoarse.
The doctor stepped back. "I suppose as long as you don't mind him being in here. Just this time. But after today I really think you'll get the best benefit possible from therapy if we do this one on one."
"Well, if you're scared, then maybe don't do it," Steve said and Seven looked at him like he'd just grown a horn out of his forehead.
He pulled off his shirt and felt a small bead of blood run down the back of his neck. He shivered and dropped his jacket before moving to take off his trousers too. Steve left his underwear on. There wouldn't have been much to burn anyway.
"Night Aria," Steve told her, returning the smile.
"Clint, watch your mouth.  Coop, don't leave out T-rexes where your dad can step on them."
And suddenly, the omega looked almost nervous.
Steve had a hot shower and washed the feeling away.
When Steve had thought of simple he had thought of a strip of leather, not anything gem stones in it, let alone opals and sapphires... God, Steve was so out of his depth.
During their last heat, they'd ended it with a mutual understanding not to mention anything that had happened.  Not that they didn't have regular, aggressive, dirty sex. It was just that during heat, it cranked everything up to 11.
Clint broke off but he didn't need to tell Steve why because it was obvious.
Haley's grip tightened a little. "How?"
"Yeah, I mean... we weren't supposed to talk about sex. People like to think of you being all pure and stuff, which is pretty stupid. Because
. Don't you get? You've lost. Maybe that won't sink in today, but some day maybe. Because we're out here changing the world whilst you're still trying to convince the world we can't. You don't get to speak in my house. You don't get to speak to my cousin. And you're gonna leave him the fuck alone. Because you're a sad, pathetic excuse of an Alpha who doesn't even know how to love properly. I don't even think you're capable of it. You're weak. The only way you can even try to get what you want is through blackmail. Which, by the way, is laughable. I would rather fucking die, for the record. And you're full of shit. And I want you to get out of my fucking home, because you have no right to be here. You have
"Tony.  You tore your shirt off," said Natasha.
Tony realized that Phil had hit the nail on the head.  Tony
"Tony.  Focus," said Sam.  "Relax. Think about the way he smells.  Think about his face. His eyes. The way he moves..."
Steve felt cold inside. Of course, when he'd signed his rights away all those years ago, he hadn't been thinking about stuff like that. It made no real difference to Steve who owned his reproductive organs, so long as he got to fight the good fight.  He would have signed away his very soul to be part of Project Rebirth; everything he'd done was to become a soldier.  He'd gotten his wish.
"President Ellis is calling again," JARVIS informed them. Steve grunted in discontent. Tony was still curled around him, his front warm against Steve's back. It felt like he still in deep sleep.
"I told you already. Probably off screwing somewhere. When the captain was in heat he looked about ready to beg for--" Natasha shut him up with a kick to his jaw.
Fucking Maggie Frond.
"No, you don't, Tony.  Pick a different fad diet.  Why don't you go vegetarian or something?"
"Rogers, with me, come on!"
Peggy's eyes had a hint of mischief.  "Oh, those Howling Commandos... the only outfit with an omega leader... everyone thought you all must be insane.  Well, you were, weren't you? Always volunteering for the most dangerous missions... a bunch of regular little daredevils."  A shadow passed over her face suddenly and she looked down at the photos. She flipped the pages for Steve and found one of him and Bucky.  It was a posed photo; Steve was holding Bucky's helmet aloft and Bucky was on his tip-toes, straining to reach it comically, and both of them were grinning.
Tony suddenly felt a splitting pang behind his eyes; it was like someone had just driven a screwdriver through his head.
"...Pietro?  How did you know I was here?"
He took the microphone. "I just want to say a massive thank-you to everyone here. Without you this couldn't have happened," Steve said, managing not to slur his words. "And this party is great but I'm afraid we have to go home early because Tony's not... feeling very well?"
He grabbed the box of pills off the table and fumbled with it, but managed to shove a blue one into Steve's hand and a bottle of water into the other.
He shrugged, looking bored.  They'd been having a hell of the time containing the twins.  Pietro kept darting through doors after people, and Wanda had been using the personnel as puppets.  Two electricians had already quit.
Steve's gaze darted over the garden and driveway, his throat tight with worry and doubt. There was nothing. There was
Tony grabbed another martini and sipped it awkwardly, trying not to get any blood in it.  "Banksy, you should play some old-timey music for me and Steve to dance to."
"I can honestly say I don't regularly think about having sex with hostages right before rescuing them, but maybe I'm the weird one," said Clint scathingly.
Steve was rudely woken by a glass of water being tipped over his head and he was about to get annoyed but then,
That was fine.  They'd go back to the nest in the lounge or maybe make a new one downstairs.  It was the omega's job to figure out the nest situation, so Tony wasn't overly concerned.  He was happy to take Steve pretty much anywhere, as long as he got to, because he could feel Steve's body, warm against his leg, trembling, and smell his wetness, and he was feeling a renewed confidence in his ownership of his omega, since a) Steve was kneeling and being extremely submissive to him, b) he had vowed to kill his competitor and it was actually the perfect solution to their problem.
"I know. I know, I just-- I just wanted to say it," Steve breathed. "Just wanted you to... think about it. Maybe. If you want to."
Seven reached out and grabbed Steve's sleeve.  "...please, Mr. America. I don't wanna be bonded."
"I love Steve," slurred Tony quietly.
"Pietro, what are you talking about?" asked Bucky, who wasn't paying attention because of the omega in heat in front of him.
"Oh, how to break an omega in. What do when they...
"It wasn't real. It couldn't have been," Steve agreed with a sense of finality, shaking his head to himself. He finally looked up and met Tony's gaze. "Sorry, I just- bad morning." He tried for a smile but it didn't meet his eyes. "I think I'm gonna run for a while, is that okay?"
Tony felt Steve go rigid beneath him and felt his cock twitch in his hand; a moment later, Tony's hand and stomach were warm and wet and sticky.  He winced a little as Steve's body clenched his cock.
"Well, I'm guessing whoever told you that wasn't an omegologist. The body has a remarkable ability to heal itself, even without a super-soldier serum.  I doubt being frozen would affect the body much, other than delaying heats for a bit.  Trauma does that.  But there's no reason to assume he'd be sterile.  You're perfectly healthy, Captain.  Any omegologist would have been able to tell you that."
That's right, it's the Black Panther cameo you were looking for.  Remember, this is set in 2011! - T
, Stan!"  He suppressed a hiccup and then suddenly blurted, "You didn't hook up with anyone, did you?  ...on your, uh... personal time?  Because if you get knocked up, we're gonna have a problem, Stan.  This house is definitely not child-proofed."
Tony cast a desperate glance over his shoulder at the nest, deliberating which was the fastest way to get to Steve.
Tony huffed and settled back down on Steve's back to wait it out.  He wished Steve hadn't mentioned the whole
They sat like that for hours. It was comfortable and calming and Steve could have sat like that forever. He drew everything and nothing. He did lazy sketches of Tony's face but it was hard to complete them at this angle. He drew the gorgeous view from outside the windows and made building-like shapes with smudged up graphite when he got bored of just drawing with fine lines.
?" he said in surprise.
"But this isn't about me. It's not. We're trying to get him out of there. It's not about me being
?  Tony felt like he should be saying,
It was strange to see Howard like this.  Born in 1917, with a little dash that represented seventy long years of life, a life that went on while Steve was frozen.
A piece of the rock wall above Tony's head exploded suddenly, showering him with pebbles; Tony ducked behind a partially demolished fountain.  "I've got a few more guys over here.  I can't hack into anything without tripping the alarm.  You need an access card.  Seriously, where's Clint?"
The crowd laughed gently.
"We do get free lunches from companies in support," Ian said and then glanced over at the table full of salads. "But a lot of them are vegan," he wheezed.
He offered to take Steve's suitcase gallantly, even though Steve hardly needed any help at all.
with your spunk all over my leg," he said, a teasing smile tugging at his lips.
He paused in his pacing.  "Steve, I should get that vasectomy.  Y'know. Before your next heat," he said.  "It's coming up in like, a month and a half, and... the last one was... kind of tough, you know?  ...I could schedule it this month, before we go to England."
Pepper tapped her finger to her lips and shook her head.  "No, too cloying. Dial it back," she commanded. "You're at a nine, I need you at a six or seven."
But this wasn't about social standing.  This was a fight for Steve, and Tony didn't care who he was up against; he would fight to the death for his mate.  Even if he was mad at him.
Tony couldn't help but roll his eyes when Steve said he liked that song.  Of course he would.
"No.  I can't.  I can't breathe.  I'm dying," reported Tony in a rush.  "I think I'm dying. It's my heart. Get Yinsen.  I'm definitely dying."
"I think it's someone's personality that dictates how attractive they really are," Steve said. "Us omegas are more than our appearance, after all." Gideon totally ignored him.  Steve tried again.  "You know, when Nazis are shooting at you... they don't really care what you look like."
"Just because he's guilty doesn't mean he knows anything," said Phil, unimpressed by Tony's theatrics.
Agent May had disappeared briefly and returned with the shield. She offered Steve a small smile, one reserved only for friends, holding up the shield as she jogged after them.
Tony jerked right and slammed into a drone, tumbling through the air and clipping his ankle on the roof of a building.  He yelled out; maybe it was broken, maybe just sprained, hard to tell.
More time to work on the suit, at least.
Malick looked disarmed yet again.  Clearly, word hadn't gotten around to him about Tony's alcohol tolerance.  "I'll stick with coffee, thanks," he said. "And something light for the omega.  Maybe a white--"
but I will be monitoring heart rates and fun stuff like that, just so I know if things are going a little haywire." Like when Steve thought he'd been shot. "And you're not pregnant, right? The internet thinks you are."
"So!  Cousins, huh?" he said loudly.
Tony talking to him like that just turned him on even more. Steve whined low in his throat as Tony fucked into him and stroked him in tandem, his sensations going haywire. His fingers flexed, but didn't fight, against his alpha's grip and he clenched around him again as he grew close. He couldn't speak. He was too turned on, his voice gone in the place of moans and whimpers.
"Don't mention cake!" warned Banksy, but it was too late; Donner was gagging again.
Alphas, we're
kneel; men of all stations would be unified under a singular, totalitarian utopia.  One in which men of elevated minds (like Karpov) would dictate their actions, and men like Yasic and the soldier would be happy, mindless automatons, dedicated to service and production.  To Karpov, that was a beautiful idea.
"It's okay.  I brought a book," added Rex, holding up the book he'd been reading.  He didn't seem bothered that no one wanted to be near him. "...that girl who was at our class, that girl... she's real new.  She was sold at the auction last year. You should probably talk to her. Infect her with your crazy equality ideas." He smiled a little.  "Gotta
Piper suddenly looked afraid, like she'd down something wrong. "I-I'm sorry. I shouldn't be here. He'll get annoyed. I should go. I'm supposed to be getting him a drink."
Steve woke early to a silent house. Even with so many guests in it, it was quiet. When Steve went downstairs he couldn't see anyone and Phil wasn't asleep in his tepee. It was almost eerie, how quiet it was. Steve eyed the broken marble and felt a little impressed with himself in all honesty. Though a little bad too (but not really.)
Bucky's mouth twitched in a smile.
The pair moved aside and let Tony in.  Sean looked him up and down.  Ill-fitted shirt, no socks or shoes, ridiculous bedhead.  "You've got it bad, huh?" he said, leading Tony into the kitchen.  "I thought you were coming over to kick my ass."
your omega?"
"Hi, Taylor," said Steve.  He was pleased that he'd gotten it right this time.
we mated, I found out about Barnes.  Another thing you lied to me about. About already having a mate.  And then, less than two hours ago,
"I thought I said I wanted breakfast, where the hell's my bacon?" asked Tony, stretching sleepily.  He squinted at Stone in confusion. "...did SHIELD send over another agent? Oh my God," he grumbled.
It was dark when they got to Silverlake, a trendy neighborhood which, Pepper informed Steve, was just north of Dodger stadium.  (Even though they'd been the Los Angeles Dodgers for over fifty years, Steve still thought of them as the Brooklyn Dodgers.)
“You treated them like they were servants.”
“Assess?” Steve said and pawed at Tony. He wanted him, the cords of his soul rang out and jittered with need. “Assess. You, You! Tony Stark wants a moment to assess?”
“Feels rough like it hasn’t been used in a long time,” Tony says. “You must have just taken it out of storage or something.”
“For your notes. Any good scientist writes down all of his observations.” She tapped the book and smiled. Tony beamed at her.
“There is usually a clause, yes. But the prince asked for it to be removed. I told him I would remove it only if he specifically asked for your entire time during the week and that he pay you directly extra for it.” Natasha waits for it to sink in and then says, “Any other questions.”
“Yeah, that sounds good.” But Steve couldn’t get over it – the feeling in his chest. It wasn’t disappointment or resentment. As he looked upon Tony now, the fog cleared away and he saw his life and Tony’s so differently. More than opportunity, his soul clicked into place. It had been untethered and frayed and yet now, now something incredible happened.
Everything he offered now, only emphasized his inadequacies. He kissed Steve’s knuckles and then placed his beloved’s hand back on the cool white sheets of the bed. “Why are you there. Wherever you are? Why?” Tony choked back the rest of the questions, the accusations. One of the things he learned while mourning his parents had been the tendency to get angry, to accuse the dead of leaving. But Steve wasn’t dead, yet the curling and drying of their bond scared him enough that it roiled his defensiveness. He needed to walk away, to get some fresh air.
“Nat, I can’t do that to him. He can’t be part of this mess.”
“Why is he tied down?” Steve raced to the bed. The leather bindings held Clint at wrist and ankle.
“Yep,” Tony says. “So we need to isolate that singularity. Otherwise it’s going to encroach on our reality. Since that alternate Steve is affecting our Steve, and I’m getting echoes too-.”
Steve chuckles. “Club sandwiches it is!”
“Sometimes it’s more about getting away from the Mantra.” Steve slipped out from under the weights and sat up as Sam handed him a towel.
“Tony,” Steve said with a short nod. “I wanted to apologize for yesterday. I was out of line.”
“Morning,” Tony says and sits on the side of the bed. Well, at least he doesn’t have to lie about sleeping with his new husband. He laughs inwardly. “I’m going to shower and dress. I think JARVIS has some clothes for you in the guest bedroom.” He gets up and heads to the ensuite, not looking back, hoping that Steve understand the unspoken request to leave.
“And a blacksmith, and that’d be good,” Steve says and lifts his injured shoulder in a partial, but aborted shrug. The pain forces him to clutch onto the table, steadying the waves until it quiets. Bucky is there in an instant, hand on his arm and holding him up.
“A dom is possible. Do you want a simple experience? A bed, some lounge chairs, a television-.”
The sun paints the sky with waves of red and orange and it reminds Steve of the old adage:
“That’s not it,” Steve replies, then reconsiders. “Okay, it’s part of it, but Tony didn’t look happy. He looked, not terrified and not frightened, more suspicious like he’s putting on an act for a reason.”
“Don’t go there, Captain. This isn’t something to be sorry about.”
Tony gasped for air as the laughter bellowed out of him. He swatted at Steve. “Wha- What!” He hit Steve until he stopped. Hiccuping for air, Tony rasped out. “What is wrong with you?” He wanted to protest more, but he found a strange warmth filling him, suffusing through him as Steve mingled his soul within Tony’s core. It shivered through him and he quaked in response. A drunkenness came over him and he relaxed into the cushions. “What are you doing?”
Tony picks up the hearty sandwich and says, “Now I gotta know.”
The omega manages to look a little less defeated and a lot more disgusted with Tony. “I’d rather suffer the Chains.”
Lying there in silence with Steve and listening to the birds in the giant outdoors, Tony appreciates the slowing down of his heart, his brain, the emotions of the day, week, year. The weekend centered on nothing more than the everyday, instead of the unusual. Tony looks over at Steve. “It was fun.”
"Oh," Steve says. He has no recollection of those days. He might remember a baseball game from the wrong day, or maybe a race through the streets of Manhattan but maybe that's one of his real memories mixing with the fake ones. He squeezes the memories away and only nods. He follows them, and the doctors shake their heads as Coulson leads the way.
“Should be in just thirty minutes or so. I just want to finish up a little more on this and then I’ll go down.” Steve goes back to work.
Commissions are sought after by many of the different brothel workers. A commissioned contract means the escort is assigned to the client for a defined period of time and to an assigned place. Usually, the place is on board the client’s ship or on their home planet. It’s lucrative and offers some semblance of normality. Steve shakes his head.
“Got ya!” Tony said and didn’t wait around for Bruce to leave. Instead, he hustled his way to the bedroom en-suite and shed his clothes as he headed for the shower. JARVIS had the water steaming as he stepped into the large marble tiled shower with multiple shower heads. Tony stood in the stream and let the water hit him as he thought over what he’d learned in the dreamscape. If he knew anything now, it was that what happened in the dreamscape would affect their lives in the here and now. He had no other choice but to confront it and deal with the consequences. At least now, he knew that Bucky would eventually accept them – poor bastard.
“Oh, that big ugly building in DC. I know it, you’ll love it,” Tony said. To that Steve only grimaced, but Tony persisted. “So you’re going to play the politics game?”
“Steve.” The word was lightly spoken and he tried to parse who said it. Was it his mother? A hand touched his face and he moved into it. It comforted and he sought the solace. He ached. “Steve, can you hear me?”
“Yes. Red like mine.” Tony smiles. “Are you ready to fight one more time?”
Tony watched Steve’s strong hands working. Even the menial task of cleaning the dishes took on a whole new meaning. “You do know I hate magic, right?”
“It will ping or vibrate when Tony gets too far away from you or is veering off your chosen path,” Pepper says. “Do you want to try it out?”
Tony strokes a hand down the side of Steve’s face and smiles. “But? I can wait as long as you need.”
Raza smirks and then agrees.
In the shower, Steve had relented. He confessed to the Father Almighty that he was a deviant, that he was a pervert. He was a frail, broken human. He took himself in hand and thought of Tony, only Tony. There had never been another man he thought of like that. He thought of having him on the bed, of entering him, of Tony bending his back and looking over his shoulder so that Steve could kiss him as he pounded into Tony’s ass. He thought of cupping his hand around Tony, around his neck, enough that it secured them together, but also risked the consequences. He thought of how he wanted to spill into Tony, hot and wet. And then he shoved hard into his own hand and orgasmed long and deep until he fell to his knees in the shower. He’d sinned.
When he wakes, darkness, like a shroud, encompasses him. There are moments of confusion and bleak awareness before things around him crystalize. The thickness of the air feels like a flea bitten cloak, it bites and covers at the same time. Off to the side he hears dribbles of water dripping in a constant beat that’s neither repetitive nor slowing. He tries to figure out exactly why he’s been dumped off in this world of darkness to save Tony Stark, but that’s when a cloth touches the side of his face and a callused hand pushes down on the back of his shoulder. He hadn’t realized he attempted to sit up. He’s that disoriented. Becoming human will do that to an angel.
Tony doesn’t know when it happens, but he falls asleep. The next think he knows, he’s curled up tight and snuggles warmly against a thick blanket. As he eases back to awareness, he wonders who saved him, and how they moved him without waking. He hears birds cawing and singing, feels the sun on his face. His mind collects the pieces and tries to make sense of them, and there is no way it all goes together. He jolts up to find himself sheltered by a huge lion under the shade of a tree in the early morning hours. Blu lifts his big head and gazes at Tony as if asking what is wrong.
Tony ignores Pietro’s outburst and points to the computer screen. “You’ll be watching the screen. I have normal sleep brain wave patterns programmed into it. You’ll compare that for any anomalies. There will be some, but it shouldn’t be too off from normal sleep waves.” Tony sets the glasses on the side table.
He tugs his sleeve from Pym's grasp. "Not really I have to see an old friend."
Steve barely pants as he crests the hill. His cheeks are blush red and his eyes dazzling blue. He grins at Tony. “Now you can try.”
“You know what, I did what I knew was the right thing, and I’ll continue to do it. But I don’t have to stay here,” Tony says, his eyes grow colder, distant, almost tinted with a frigidness that reminds Steve of his time in purgatory.  He moves away from Steve, after a brief hesitation as if he’s unwilling to simply leave him if he’s truly disabled.
“You know you do that a lot. Apologize for bringing people into the pack. Ask anyone here if they hate it or resent it. Ask them.” Natasha tilted her head to the rest of the members of the team. The kids sat there staring at the Avengers with wide eyes and silly grins.
“Take what you need.” So simply put. Tony drank enthusiastically. The voice continued, “Take it all, Tony, if you need it. Remember, I love you. I always will.”
“Me?” Steve gulps back his words. “What? The prince? Me?” He’s only been a prostitute for a month – well a little over two months. “Surely, there’s someone more experienced.”
“Oh you haven’t felt anything yet.” Tony picks a rhythm that’s both merciful and tormenting. A few quick thrusts and then one long torturous motion that has Steve holding on like he’s about to be thrown free of a ride. He rotates his hips in response to Steve and then hits the sweet spot, startling his lover.
Tony frowns, that doesn’t seem like anything he’s heard before and could not be linked at all to Steve. Clearing his head, he puts his hand up as the locals step back. “Hey now, I got you.”
“Yeah, Fury does, when he can. But they’re always watching Nick. He’s still on the inside, you know.” Steve hisses. “I need to stop talking, don’t I?”
Steve stays quiet and rolls his head as if he’s battling the urge to shake that non-existent mane.
“Okay, I give up. What’s this about the Shire? Has Thor’s brother done something to the Penthouse? Are you walking through different dimension? What’s going on?”
“Or they tried,” Clint replied. “I was to kill her. You know. My job was to go to Russia and eliminate her. She’s a powerful coven mistress and a lot of other covens follow her ideas. I saw another way.”
“I don’t know,” Steve mumbles but Tony can tell he’s leaning into the kisses, his words are a little slurred. “Maybe I should watch another you tube instructional video.”
“You were assaulted Steve. That’s a grievous issue with the Escort Guild. I could lose my license if it gets out.”
“Can’t get anything by you,” Tony says fondly. “It is. The reactor is named in recognition of the Hayashi track because the means to produce artificial gravity use some of the same principles as the lifecycle of a star, only at a much smaller scale.”
“I’m coming.”
“No, you are not,” Steve says through clenched teeth. “I didn’t just go through nearly being assaulted by that dickhead Rumlow for you to make a scene here and then let the word out that the prince hired a common whore to
“We expect that it can do wonderful things to the feeding gland. Your metabolism works at roughly four times the speed of a normal metabolism. It’s predicted that you aren’t aging. Telomeric studies of your cells confirm that.” Ross paced in the dark. “Don’t look so shocked, Captain. Of course, we took tissue samples all those years ago when you were found. Tests and studies were done. And now there’s a theory. An important one that could change the world.”
A tremor overwhelms Blu and he collapses again, but now it is for the last time – Tony knows. He tightens his grip of Blu, hiding his face from reality. As he embraces Blu around the neck, he feels the last breath leave him and only stillness and silence follow. Everything he planned and lived for disintegrates, lies in ruins in his arms.
“Steve? Is there an issue?” Natasha asks.
“Nanobots, thanks to your vampire mate.” Ross smiled and the glimmer in his eyes shined in the light. Rumlow entered the room and gestured for Clint to follow him. “He was working on them, though it was officially Stark Industries.”
Tony wants to ask along the way to where, but then again, he is the one that asked Steve to take him away without any specific instructions.  They head out from the city, so Tony knows it’s not going to be Steve’s apartment. Brooklyn, New York fades behind them as they continue their escape.
Tony leans down and his eyes are intense, and somehow very far away. “You need to rest, Steve. This isn’t going to be easy. Doctor Cho thinks she can do it, but that part of it might be a little more painful than usual for the cradle, because of the connection to the nerve stem.”
Pepper scrunched up her face and silently questioned Tony. He gestured his confusion and continued down the gray hallway to what could only be termed an observation room. Several computers formed a semi circle and lined the large windows that looked down into a cell. The computer while not a decade old were somewhat dated by a few years. Rumlow wasn’t joking when he said he wasn’t an IT guy. Just a casual glance at how the equipment was set up told that story. Wires hung from the ceiling and parts were jerryrigged together. Several of the screens (old time monitors not flatscreens) read out data and a few must have camera feeds to the cell below. A cell.
“Yeah.” Tony leans against the back wall of the storage closet. “This has to be Romanoff. I gonna hate killing her.”  His eyes are lowered, and his hands are useless in his lap.
Doing without a personal assistant is going to be nearly impossible. It will further isolate him, make it difficult to get any work done, to find a solution to the problem of the glasses. He needs to reach out and find someone else as soon as possible.
Clint glanced at Ross and then physically flinched at the words. He looked at up Steve, at him hanging there like a piece of meat, and shook his head. “I didn’t have choice. You have to understand. My kids.”
Tony looks around the room, screws up his face, and shrugs. “Sorry, you’re going to have to do better than that.”
The potency of the moment struck Tony, reminding him of hitting Mach 1 in the armor. He held tight and didn’t move for fear that he might startle or terrify Steve. “Lie to yourself?”
“I am, too.”
“That will be all Miss Potts.”
Steve only shakes his head. “I need to swim.” He doesn’t turn back to Tony, he only submerges himself into the healing oceans of the Earth. The salt water washes away the pain, the evil tainted there. He wonders if he could bathe in the waters and come out a different man. But then he recognizes he was never a man, and he shouldn’t want or have desires like a man. He’s a higher being, he should be free of these mortal yearnings.
“What did you drink, in captivity?” Steve asked.
Steve didn’t rush it. He only pounded harder and shoved further and deeper. Tony rode toward the inevitable, the need to feed, the insatiable appetite for life in his soul – if he had one at all. With every push, every thrust, the deprivation inside expanded until he knew only want, until he understood nothing but the primal urge to feed, until Steve shuddered and stilled and Tony sat up in a blur of motion and bit down on the other side of his throat – gnashing his fangs into the flesh as a gush of blood spurted into his mouth. Steve hung within his orgasm – paralyzed again as Tony released the toxin. Tony’s whole body cycled in his climax as he drank and the bright lights of the sun burst through him and his nerves sang back with renewed energy. His body vibrated with life and death and what was in between the two states. Steve managed a slight moan as the toxin kept him in a perpetual state of orgasm. Tony clasped him hard, his own body refreshed and blushed with life again. The absolution of blood raced through him, washing away his death and bringing him back to life. He let go and screamed out his final climax.
“Soon. He has some groups that he leads he’s trying to find someone suitable to take them over at the VA. Probably be 100% with us by Spring.” Steve retrieves the special creamer from the refrigerator and Tony grins.
“So, Stark.” Natasha casually threw out the name as if she was tossing a ball to Steve in a friendly game of catch.
“Repeat itself?” Tony quelled his immediate reaction, but lowered his voice as he said, “I am not a child. He’s not going to have me chasing him around like a duckling. He’s not going to get the best of me. He can’t.” Steven looked dubious but the amount of care and worry stopped Tony’s reactionary response. Instead he tried to soften his words. “Did you see? He doesn’t even have a warrior at his side,” Tony said, and maybe that was a little over confident but the fact that Estane had showed up without an omega warrior spoke volumes to the others in their society. An omega warrior is more than a status symbol, more than a security guard. The life blood of their society depended on the alpha and omega bond. For a strong, powerful omega to bond with an alpha showed the worth of the alpha. Estane without an omega demonstrated to society his worthlessness. “And I would hardly say I love the man.”
“Strangely enough when Thanos tried to pass through he had been the easiest to banish. The Soul Keeper didn’t want him here-.”
“Tell me, Stevie, what’s true? What else but death do you have in your life. What else is good?”
“Maybe too good,” he mutters. “Might not work.” He could test it out, but he has no idea how long it’s good for and for how many fucks. “When did this stuff get so complicated?”
“This isn’t too forward for you?” Tony asks as they go to the penthouse floor.
“Clint, look at me,” Steve said.
Steve nods again but averts his gaze. Tony isn’t his and this isn’t his life. He’s going to spend his immediate life fucking and then eventually be alone. He might have grandiose plans but in the end, Steve has always been a pragmatist. He has to accept his life as is and not think that there’s more to it.
Scientists tried to explain it, though they still couldn’t figure out how the virus or prion reanimated the dead. They couldn’t detect the infectious vector no matter how many different methodologies they utilized. Trying to figure out how the mating occurred stretched the definition of ordinary science, forcing the logical to the realm of illogical and the acceptance of the supernatural. To Steve, the glamour connection linked them through blood and something more. Sharing of blood caused the mating to click into place. The rest evolved from it. Some vampires and humans used the mating as a convenience. Yet others became fully engrossed in it. Natasha had taken Steve aside and warned him against it.
He pauses as they stagger to the beach, feeling the sun rays on his face for the first time in months and it reminds him of other places beyond the Boundaries.
“I need to get back to the discussion on strategy,” Steve said and placed a hand over his eyes. “’m just a little lightheaded. Have a headache, too.”
“What?” Tony tilts his head. He heard that wrong. “Repeat Friday.” Friday repeats the text exactly as stated. It makes no sense. Steve should have his stuff sent to the Tower, where he currently lives. Unless – unless the whole seizure thing scared the shit out of him, and he went running. He’d thought better of Steve, but then again Pepper’s right he’s only known Steve for two months. “But the bike ride and the-.” He stops short of saying kiss.
Natasha steps up and offers him water. “Been out for days, Rogers.”
“It’s been refitted actually. It has a third deck of quarters for guests and crew,” Steve says. With that statement, Tony shares a smile with Steve as if they are school boys and have pulled one over on their teacher.  He returns his smile and it feels good and he chastises himself for that small victory.
“Fuck this is giving me a headache. I’m going to get something to eat,” Logan says and walks toward the kitchen. Tony should worry about how he knows where to go and how he just makes himself comfortable, but Richards pulls him back into the conversation.
They break apart and then Frigga grabs hold of Steve. “It will be painful, my boy. Hold steady, hold on. You will only see darkness and only feel pain. But if Tony is able to tear the bond that Red Skull has to all of the lost souls in the Chambers Below, then the Soul Keeper will not be able to hold you. He won’t be able to hold any of us.”
“The computer has paired up what you’ve selected and the alphas’ preferences as well. These alphas as professionals-.”
“I used it on myself. I tried to save her. I tried to turn her. It only went sideways. She died – worse than it would have been if her illness had taken her.” As Tony listened to the story, Bruce had fallen into a stupor, and his gloom and self-abasement grew worse. Tony didn’t press Bruce for any more of the details, but the fact remained that Ross was seeking a way toward immortality more than the idea of controlling the vampire population. Or curing the disease.
Steve gritted his teeth. He wasn’t one for lying. In fact, Natasha said he was a notoriously bad liar. “I’ve sworn to do a duty.” Keeping it at that, he wouldn’t have to say if he agreed or not.
All of them turned to watch as the gurney was lowered, and Tony’s undead corpse sought out the blood. How it scented it, Tony couldn’t tell, but there was a strange metallic taste that overwhelmed his spiritual form. Mesmerized by the creature that had been him only hours before, Tony shivered as the whisper of wind blew through the cell. No one, not any of the corporeal beings, felt it. Was it the winds to come and take Tony away – dissipate him from this world?
“That’s Barton.”
Agents held his arms onto the cross and other agents used large mallets to ram large iron spikes into his palms. Rumlow laughed as they worked. Tony’s brain roiled and scrambled, trying to make sense of what was happening. Someone shrieked, and he realized it was him. He let the sound come, exploding out of his mouth as the pain encompassed him. He screeched as the pain shot through him, wished his undead state saved him from the agony – but it did not. Each swing of the hammer lanced through his arms and he screamed. Rumlow stared down at Tony.
Anyhow, for Force of Nature - please know, right now, I have every intention of finishing this story. I love this story and how the two time periods will eventually weave together (especially what happens to Tony in the here and now and what that means for future Tony). So hold on to your boots, it's going to be a bumpy ride! (PS I will probably plan on posting 1 chapter every few weeks).
Stepping up to the parties, Steve stands at ease and greets them. “Sir Stark, welcome to the Living Station of the Inner Belts.”
He considered them both. If they told the truth, then Clint had switched sides again. He wondered if the man got dizzy with all the rotations and his ever-revolving devotion. Looking down at Steve, Tony wished that his mate was more aware. As it was, Steve bordered on completely unconscious. Tony brushed Steve’s hair back and wanted to spend hours and hours caring for him, but they had little time. “We have to get out of here, Steve. I have to get out of here.” The rooftop and the sun beckoned. He shivered at the memories. “I’m going to get you out of here.”
But--
"Absolutely not.  Tony, did you hear--"
Expo in '43, isn't that something- excuse me-"
Tony was still asleep when he got back to his hospital room. The last thing he could do was sleep right now so, gently, he picked up an unconscious Tony and tucked him into the bed before taking a seat in the chair across. Steve propped his feet up on the edge of the  mattress. He grabbed the newspaper and began to read, catching up on more of the news he'd missed. He wished he could have access to a phone or a tablet. Tony's phone (on the bedside table) was dead and Steve wasn't sure if he could ask one of the nurses to access a computer. He didn't want to put them in an awkward situation; he was sure Nick will have left strict instructions.
Cooper spit out his food onto the floor.
He gave Rhodey a look. "He's been in the workshop for like... ten hours.  Ever since we got back."
"Sure.  Well.  We're going to the Expo tomorrow, right, Steve?  Just to hang out?"
"Let me down!" repeated Steve, giving the suit a punch that left his knuckles numb.
"Gene was terrifyingly charming," Steve warned. "Do of this woman has anything to do with him, be careful."
"They've called every single closeted omega so far.  That rapper, Tectonic--"
He felt annoyed that SHIELD had contacted Steve directly and sent him the files, leaving Tony out of the loop.  Granted, Steve had seniority over him, and Steve was a captain, and all that, but Tony couldn't shake the usual feeling that he was entitled to something as Steve's Alpha.
"...I'm not really into drum circles.  I don't wanna sit there and sing Kumbaya with a bunch of losers," replied Tony, pushing the pamphlet away.
He flew to the nearest hospital and nearly hit the glass panes in front of the ER when he landed, coming in too fast.
He sat down on the floor, cross legged, his phone clenched tightly in his shaking hands. Steve realised he was angry. Probably for a lot of reasons. He didn't care about stupid Alphas and their egos, or people invading their house. But he did care that Gideon wouldn't, he just fucking wouldn't--
"How do you not know--"
Suddenly, a memory!
"Bucky," Steve pressed. "Talk to me."
It had taken Tony longer than he cared to admit to get used to Steve's physique.  It wasn't just that he was a guy. It was that he was more muscular than Tony, and having an omega who was taller and bigger and stronger felt... wrong.  Like having a girlfriend who was a head taller than him. (Tony had always dated women 1-2 inches shorter than him, though not consciously.) Worse, when they went out, it wasn't uncommon for people to come over and want to touch Steve.  Some asked, and others just grabbed. Usually it was his biceps, but sometimes it was his chest or stomach. Tony felt both enviable at how people squeezed his arms and ooo'ed and ahhh'ed, and also had to resist the nature Alpha urge to protect his omega, to slap anyone who touched him and then throw Steve onto the ground and cover him.
He hadn't really expected Steve's body to accept his mark again, not once Bucky had force-bonded him, so he'd been ecstatic when his had resolved with equal clarity on Steve's neck.  If someone were to look at Steve's neck and see the two marks, they might even think he and Bucky were equal in dominance, which was obviously not the case.
"...reboot complete.  The Mark V's system is online again, sir," said JARVIS helpfully into Tony's ear.
"We can't just go fetch him ourselves. We have a project we have to keep under wraps for now. We need a single Alpha we can trust to do this."
Haley paled a little. "Is he holding up okay?"
"I'm gonna go for a run!" Steve announced, like the idea was groundbreaking, his eyes wide.
running the company. Come on-"
"Hm," said Phil, pushing the piles of towels around with a look of intense concentration, shoving piles of towels around, trying to fill in any gaps.
Justin considered this.  "Wow.  Well, I can see I called at a bad time.  Just wanted to say happy birthday."
magazine that poor, overworked Peter had sent to him, asking for approval.  Tony had forgotten to send them back but it was on his to-do list.
He didn't just want to join SHIELD for Steve's sake.  Realistically, he knew Iron Man would eventually have to link himself to a government agency.  The Senate hearings earlier in the year had proven that.  Rhodes had been warning him for the last two years that he was eventually going to start coming under some sort of regulatory body; Iron Man was too powerful to be in the hands of a single individual, no matter how pure their intentions.  And Tony had been trying to be held accountable ever since discovering what his weapons were capable of.  SHIELD ensued Iron Man would have government protection and that Tony would be able to keep operating without worrying about getting arrested for building bombs in his basement.
omegas like to be submissive in bed. James and his boyfriend must have some kind of preference to make it work. He should have asked at the party; he was almost curious now. Whoever they asked to be a 'medicine nanny' would have an enormous of trust put upon them. They would see Steve in... quite a state, and probably naked. Steve couldn't afford for there to be a second sex tape with him in it this time. His 'Cap' image wouldn't survive it.
Natasha and Steve followed in at the back of the group as they made their way across the base. After all, they were just here to observe. The first practical field test was firearms.  Natasha and Clint had both showed up for it; they seemed intrigued to see how someone like Tony did.  ("If they actually let him on the team, he'll need to be able to shoot without some fancy targeting system hooked up to his head," said Clint.  Clint was a bit of a purist when it came to long-range weapon proficiency.)
The corner of Tony's mouth quirked up in a smile and he lay down.  He'd forgotten how tall Steve was, and how broad his chest was. He wrapped his arms around him, pressing his front to Steve's back, careful with the arc reactor and with the back of Steve's neck.  He set his chin on Steve's shoulder.
"We request that you do not become involved.  I understand and appreciate your desire to eradicate those who would misuse your missiles, Mr. Stark.  But we do not want Iron Man to come to our country. Ours is a peaceful country and we want no escalation of the violence.  Already, we have suffered enough. We feel confident in our ability to manage our own affairs."
Maria gave her a long, hard stare. "I would ask the camera crew to leave."
like Steve.  He was short and had a thin physique; he could have been Steve before the serum.
Steve standing soldier-straight, feet planted, smiling bravely at the camera.
Do you mean
"Captain America." One pointed their gun at him, looking between him and a naked Winter Soldier warily. "We're going to escort you back to your ce-" He grunted as Steve's elbow  made contact with his face. The other two made to intercept. Steve twisted around and grabbed the first man's gun, slamming it against his forehead to knock him out good before he fired a shot into the other's chest and--
Sometimes it felt like Gideon wanted all three of those things.
"JARVIS!  I want this whole place on lock-down!  No one comes in or out unless they're on the short list!" barked Tony.  "Call Ansell, Bateman, and Raj!  ...and the surgeon general, find out whoever that is and call him, too!  Pepper, come on, hurry up!"  Tony snatched a decanter of whiskey from the bar before loping down the stairs to the shop, dragging her with him.
He waited for the servants to leave again before he moved. Steve sank down onto his knees in front of Tony on instinct and leant his cheek against the alpha's knee as his eyes slipped shut. Steve needed the reassurance right now. HYDRA wouldn't be in control of his emotions, he wouldn't let them be. Tony was...yes. His alpha.
"They dug us out after two days," said the girl.
"Mine... mine... mine... mine..." Tony was panting; the manta was almost part of his breathing; he needed this, needed to claimed Steve, needed Steve to be his and his alone.
"...what, omegas aren't supposed to hear good or something?"
Steve was getting fidgety, his giddiness creeping back up on him.
"There's Howie and his mate on their... let's see, fifth anniversary, I want to say?"
They nodded; Tiberius didn't bother offering his hand for a handshake.
Tony laced their hands together firmly and let the detail do their work with guerilla-style efficiency.  Inside wasn't much better, however. Bonaventure was technically a public space; it was a massive hotel and indoor shopping center, and the media and protesters had leaked inside, blocking the usually stunning view of the walkways, curved concrete stairwells, and indoor fountains.
.  Steve looked up at the seams on the ceiling, the small bolts, trying to ignore the sensation.  Natasha pointedly didn't look and glanced to the floor. Phil was as gentle as he could be. Steve didn't feel remotely sore around there, which he took as a good sign. But then if they'd induced a heat, did that really mean anything? He was just grateful when Sam returned with a blanket. It was nice to be a bit less... naked.
"Right now, sir, you and Captain Rogers are trending as #stony," reported JARVIS.
"Yessir," she hummed, still watching Tony being led away.  "...he's cute... I
Steve's wrists were still pink and purple from the suit, but they would be faded to a pale yellow by morning and by evening the next day they would be gone. Steve didn't even notice it though. They didn't hurt. The only thing that really did was his neck, and considering how many men Steve had taken out he was amazingly unharmed.
"Okay, well, that's... that's kinda shitty, but it's not worth locking yourself away like this."
They got into the car with Happy at the wheel. He drove quickly, getting the message. He didn't even speak to them; he just
"Well, he shouldn't, you're like the most obedient omega in the world," said Tony.
32557038  T41 B P
"Everyone's is," Steve replied quietly. "I think that's half the point. They've already seen the best of you, then want to see the worst too."
"You know, if you really care about her, you should be happy for her Tony," Steve pointed out softly. "That's what my ma always used to say. Love is about sacrifices." Steve hadn't understood it at the time, not really. But he had understood the old photograph of his father on the mantelpiece. He'd been a man who went to war who'd never truly returned. It had been a hard separation and a harder death. Sarah Rogers had never really ever talked about it.
"...he got you tulips once," muttered Tony.  Steve didn't  respond; he was too busy arranging the couch cushions under Tony's leg.
Instead, he decided to spend the day hovering around Steve, who had speeches to write, fanmail to answer, and dozens of e-mail from Aria.  Tony pointedly ignored his own e-mail because most of it was Pepper demanding to know why there was a viral video of him going around that showed him and Pitbull punching each other.
He wasn't really aware of where they were going until Tony pushed open the door to a patio.  The fresh air hit him and Steve sighed in relief, moving to take a seat a little heavily. "Damn," he whispered and then he let his head fall into his hands.
Tony was itching to know more but DeSoto looked nervous, like this wasn't a thing to talk about in mixed company.  Tony dragged himself into the kitchenette to pour a cup of coffee. He sipped it. "...good coffee, DeSoto."
Lydia was watching him closely. She was a beta. Or Steve thought she was...he couldn't really tell, actually but he assumed that if she was an omega then she would be wearing some of the merchandise like the waitress.
The first year he'd gone because Jarvis had wanted to.  In one of the only times ever that Tony had seen Jarvis lose his composure, he had crumpled on the ground, draping himself over the headstone, crying.   Tony had remembered feeling embarrassed and uncomfortable and worst of all guilty. He hadn't cried at their funeral and he hadn't cried then. He just stood there awkwardly, while Jarvis wept.  By that time, he'd already wasted away horribly. Jarvis had been about the same age as Howard and by then he was in his early seventies, so Tony had never thought Jarvis's death was untimely, but he was sure that, had Howard lived, Jarvis would have, too.
Tony whimpered through Happy's shirt.  Steve's scent wasn't as strong here and he couldn't hear Steve's cries, but the mere memory of the sounds Steve was making... Tony was hard as a rock and he would have gladly given anything at that moment to go back and continue clawing at Steve's door.
Even from the car, Steve could hear the music throbbing inside and see people dancing.  The event was catered; waiters were threading through the crowd with plates of unrecognizable appetizers and flutes of champagne.
Tony grunted in his sleep and, still largely unconscious, rolled over and wrapped an arm around Steve's waist, pulling them closer to each other.
Pepper and Aria and Jeanette and Danielle and a half-dozen stage hands had swarmed over, but that was to be expected.  Steve and Tony ignored them, their earlier spat all-but forgotten.
"I'm paying him to wash the car.  He doesn't speak much English. I found him outside of the gas station down the block.  But he got that I'm giving him
"So...we're doing this?" Steve whispered in Tony's ear.
"Twins?" demanded Tony.
"...I don't think so..." mumbled Tony.
for you.  And last week I ate a vegan club sandwich.  That doesn't actually have anything to do with statuses, I just felt like it was a very progressive thing to do."
Time to be reckless and stupid.
!" he announced, then whooped with joy, jumping up.  "I knew it, I knew we'd win!  The war's over!  The war's over!" He was giddy. He could go home now, hug Steve, hug Rebecca, get himself a respectable job-- oh, boy, once the other fellows heard, he bet they'd have one hell of a party, go drinking, go dancing, make a real night of it--
"Uh-huh.  Most of us change our names to the one our Alpha gives us, but Trickshot wouldn't do it.  He wouldn't. He and Alpha fought about that a lot, because you have to sign the paper yourself, and Tricky wouldn't even though Alpha wanted to.  But he came with his name, his horseshoe name, I mean, he and his brother already got named by the man who sold Trickshot, but Trickshot wasn't bonded yet."  (DeSoto said the last part quickly, as if he was worried that Tony might think Ron had bought Trickshot "used," because he already had a stupid nickname.)
Pepper reached into her purse to pull out of bottle of Advil.  "No. No. And no," she said, firmly. She reached over to tap the binder.  "Sign."
Banksy had the energy of a hummingbird.  His posture was relaxed but his sparkling blue eyes sharp.  Sometimes it was easy to forget that chipper, goofy Banksy was a major player in Status Alliance, that he was crusading for omega rights just as much as Steve was, in his own way.
She flipped the tablet to show Steve a picture of a resort in Switzerland.
The office was a little impersonal, Steve thought. Every feature felt calculated and thought out, like there was some kind of underlying tactics involved. Maybe Steve was just naturally wary of head shrinks; he'd had to talk to a lot, after SHIELD had unfrozen him.  In fact, he already knew Dr. Brazinski somehat.  Her office decor was inoffensively precise; Steve didn't mistrust her for it, but he didn't like her for it, either. Carefully, he took a seat in the chair she suggested. He folded his hands in his lap neatly, falling back into army postures and training. It was like a comfort. Steve sighed quietly.
Tony's face fell.  Gleason may have never met Barnes, but you didn't have to be a fucking genius to know that he was probably more dominant than Tony was.  Pretty much all Alphas were. Early in his life, he'd used to wish he were a beta. Betas, his nannies had explained (both were betas themselves) couldn't detect hierarchies, and at the time, that had sounded wonderful to Tony.  His father was so overwhelmingly, terrifyingly dominant, and so was Obie, and try as he might, Tony could never live up to that. The scent he produced was, after all, simply part of him. His father slapped him around, called him a sissy when he drank, tried to toughen him up... all of it to no avail, because Tony was what he was, and nothing could change that.  He'd long since come to accept it and, being who he was as an adult, rarely cared anymore, because he was still rich, powerful, intelligent, and good-looking, and status was less important when you were all those other things. Besides, at least he wasn't an omega.
Steve peered out through the windows, face pale.  "Well... they still got that big globe statue," he offered, trying to find something familiar from the '40s.
Steve pulled out his phone to find out that Aria had sent him a load of photos from the shoot for him to look at that. Most were Steve looking over dramatic in nice looking clothes. The group photos were cute or funny and then there was a few more political ones. They'd painted a 'collar' onto his neck in the colors of the American flag and photographed him smearing his fingers through it and holding them up, his hands smudged with blues and reds and purple.
...my French is pretty rusty.  Is that doing it for you?"  Steve was smiling a little, his head tilted into Tony's hand.  Tony didn't move, feeling the strength of Steve's jaw, the hint of peach fuzz.  He looked over Steve longingly.  His eyes were so sharp.  So crystal blue.
"Your point being?"  Fury's voice didn't betray whether or not he was surprised by this information.
"Tony.  I just got off the phone with the Secretary of Defense.  We apprehended Hammer," announced Rhodey.
Steve frowned when Bucky called him captain.  Now
Maria was stood with her arms crossed over her chest, her mouth twisting in thought. "Do you think maybe he thinks he's... drowning?" she said, voice quiet.  "There was the plane incident.  I know he's had flashbacks to that."
Steve felt sick.
Yes.  He knew this.  He remembered how Steve's body would struggle its way, rarely, irregularly, through pre-heats, never quite being strong enough to have one.  Those times were the hardest, the most tempting. Bucky had wanted so desperately to take his omega then; he would banish Steve to the couch and try not to listen as the omega whimpered softly in the other room.
Everyone frozen in confusion as he leaned over to speak into Gail's microphone.  Gail looked surprised, too.
Tony laughed harder.  "He's been dead twenty years and he's still outsmarting me!  Oh,
They nodded.
"You're a jerk, dude."
"Being bonded isn't about sex.  It's about a connection and fulfilling instinctual and natural roles.  Omegas love to please. Don't tell me you haven't noticed that Steve craves your praise and attention, that's he's nurturing towards you?  And you... you're protective of him. People who are statused have these natural instincts; it's foolish to pretend they don't exist." She stared out over the balcony contemplatively.  "It can be a burden. At times, I envy betas."
He doesn’t fight it; his head swims through the murk. Agreeing he mumbles, “I think I should lie down.”
Strange waits, arms crossed, eyebrows permanently arched.
Bucky remains silent for a while. The distant sound of water dripping interrupts the quiet. Bucky looks at Steve, his blue eyes obscenely real. “What if there’s no saving me? What if part of the problem lies in the fact, I’m not the person you think I am. Not anymore. Maybe I never was.”
“The crack was horrific. Brock Rumlow. Part of the Strike Team,” Steve answers. “Not sure you can do anything about it. He’s one of Pierce’s lackeys.”
"Come on, don't be like that. I like spending time with you."
“What’s it to you?” Tony tears out the wires. That idea wasn’t not working at all. “Has the extraction team brought back my armor parts?”
Steve nods and they both buckle on their helmets and get onto the bike. Tony presses up against Steve and his racing heart eases. He can breathe again. This is steady fair weather in the face of any storm, this is where he belongs. He closes his eyes and wishes again that he could listen to Steve’s heart beating. Instead Steve is humming a tune. Tony can’t place it but it lulls him sweetly and he smiles. He hadn’t thought about his actions today, hadn’t really planned it. But it feels right, like he’s finally in his own skin after being forced to pretend he’s someone else for so long.
“You don’t need to know all the details, all the time, Steven. It’s called compartmentalization. It works, get used to it.”
“Oh,” Pep says. “Oh Tony.” And he sees it on her face. She agrees with the omega – she agrees with Steven.
“Why?”
He can hardly breathe but the words disappear – a dream he never hoped for has come to fruition.
“No, I’m not,” Steve said. “I’m trying to clear my head of a nightmare, if you must know.” He pulled out his boxers and slipped them on before turning around to face Sam. “Is that all?” He sounded abrasive. “Sorry. Just the nightmare threw me off.”
“All this time?” Steve’s voice is hushed, awed in tone. “You’re on the news all the time. On the magazine covers. All the time.”
Bucky taps the bud to disconnect the line. "Nice."
"Steve-."
They’d already talked about this before dinner and now Steve spun back to the same place again. Tony took a count of three. He pulled away, not touching Steve anymore, slipping a space between their souls. “Let me get this straight. You’re going to take someone who used to be assassin, who might just be insane, and bring him to a cabin in the middle of nowhere and use what? Your Captain America voice to get him back?”
“If anyone would have been cursed, Steve, it would have been the Red Skull.” Tony sidles over to join him with the cushions surrounding them.
“How long are you going to deny the truth, Natasha?” It might be the exhaustion that offers him the nerve to try, but the truth is he’s tired of the pussyfooting around, the silly games. He wants someone to be happy, even if he can’t be due to laws and convention.
Happy waved for Sawyer to lead him and the guard nodded, his baby face streaked with fear. “I’m gonna lose my job, aren’t I?” Tony heard him ask Happy as they walked to the elevator.
“Probably the steroid or something,” Steve says and finishes the bread. He only eats some of the pasta before it’s too much, too fast. “Oh, that’s enough.” He sips the tea instead. He looks at Tony’s tray – he’s barely eaten anything. “Oh shit, I forgot to tell you where everything is.”
“No! Of course not! In fact, Steve made a promise never to act on his quote unquote homosexual tendencies to Doctor Erskine. So, he hasn’t.” He breathes out through his mouth and then says as quickly as possible, “I did. I did exactly what you said, and he ran scared. Accusing me of taking what I wanted like my father.” Tony groans and closes his eyes. “What do I do, Nat?”
“The serum could enhance the feeding gland. It could change everything,” Ross said and snickered. “Ages ago I longed for a way to save someone close to me. Maybe you heard the story from that sniveling vampire, Bruce? If I’d had the serum, I could have saved her. Everything would have been different then.”
Tony searches around the café and when he sees the lack of customers he says, “Do you want to sit down for a bit. Talk?”
“And they destroyed all of that,” Tony said. His eyes were bloodshot and his hair was a mess. “I would burn them to the ground and it still wouldn’t be enough.”
She lifts a shoulder and then consider his idea. “Maybe. We don’t know. All we really know is that this is the Soul Stone’s Realm. I died -.”
Thor took a seat on a stool at the island. “I find myself thinking the same thing. Once, I dreamed of being the King of my people. I would conquer all the realms, I would sit in the Hall of Asgard and rule. Now, I wouldn’t wish that on my darkest enemy.”
“Bucky came to the apartment after he hadn’t seen me around for three days. Had a helluva fever. Even now, I can’t remember much of it. Him and his Ma, they nursed me back to health.” He sniffled. “He’ll always be part of me Tony. I can’t deny him. I can’t cut him off.”
Steve nods and then stabs a waffle. He tries to pick up the whole thing, but it flips around and falls off his fork. He growls at it. “Why is this so hard?”
The rudimentary AI in the fireplace beeps twice. “Confirmed. Wood is stacked and ready.”
“He cares.”
“Yes, you have a good case for the chair.”
“I’ve been here less than an hour since this morning’s meeting,” Steve responded and that just irritated him even more. He didn’t need to justify anything to Stark. “You want to do this, sure. Okay. Tell me how?” He just wanted Stark to get out of his hair.
Maybe this time, Thor understood the puzzle. Maybe this time he solved it and won.
Steve closes his eyes and turns his head away as if he’s guilty of all of it, as if he caused the Ornari to attack Earth. “Who told you?” At least he doesn’t deny it.
“Tony?”
He doesn’t look back as he opens the door and enters the transport building to the monorail. He heads directly to the ticket station, waves his pass, and the man behind the counter nods to him. He gets on the next train, settles into a seat, watches as the jungle speeds by and he leaves all the rest of himself behind.
Steve gathers up his shirt, hat, and gun, slips on his boots. He thinks he’ll go out back and have a wash, get the stink of the night terrors off of him. “Where to?”
“But you said there’s a way? Did they figure out something I can take?” Steve says it in his best take charge voice, like he’s ready and willing to go to battle.
Ross only growls and the SUV doors slam shut. The back of the vehicle plunges into darkness with only a pitiful stream of sunlight making its way into the space. Tony grabs Steve’s thigh.
Tony giggles at that but doesn’t struggle as Steve leads him to the single cot. “Rest, I’ll see what I can do.” When Tony drops off on the cot, his eyes immediately close, and Steve wonders how long the man goes without sleep or food.
“Hey big guy…”
“I had this erotic- yeah, erotic dream of Tony,” Steve said. It felt like he was in a confessional and a priest would damn him to hell. He couldn’t even attempt to look at her, now. His eyes lowered. He stared at their hands tangled together through infinity. “I had this erotic dream, that I was- touching him. That I was str-.” Steve stopped, feeling the tears burn his eyes. “I could barely talk to him the next day. I had a dream I jerked him off, let him fuck me. I’m not that guy, Natasha. I was never that guy.” The tears dropped down his face and blinded him. She wasn’t in the chair across from him anymore. Instead, she settled on the couch next to him, her arm wrapped around his shoulders.
Tony grips his shoulder and – for one moment – his eyes grow serious and solemn. “Let me do this Steve. You need to heal.”
“Eat, and I’ll explain,” Stark says as he stabs the bacon with his fork. It’s silverware, sparkling and nothing like anything Steve’s touched before, the weight of it in his hands is nice.
The power of T’Challa’s gaze quelled some of Steve’s enthusiasm. “Sorry, your highness.” He went back to the chair, but T’Challa climbed to his feet.
Steve closes his eyes and keys into the sounds. The crash is easily discerned but the smaller waves, the trickle of water, the receding ebb of the ocean subtler, quieter. Beautiful. “Yeah. That’s.”
Thor. Why would Thor of all people follow him? They didn’t even have anything in common. In fact, he’s not certain he actually talked to the demi-god one on one ever. He probably spoke more to his crazed, adopted brother than he ever did with Thor. Tony stopped and turned around to watch as Thor crossed the distance between them.
“Take it out?” Tony spins around, he needs to get out, get away. Boyfriend. God, Steve is his boyfriend. A weird boyfriend, but still one that Tony teetered on the edge of their cliff of falling. He’d purposefully kept his distance, just pretending he wanted to get into Captain America’s pants. All the while his heart skipped beats when Steve walked in the room. His hands sweated when Steve smiled at him. His breath escaped his lungs when Steve clasped his hand. What the hell was he thinking. He’d fallen the day Steve showed up in his penthouse and asked for a chance. Who else had ever asked Tony Stark for a chance, so innocently?
She smiles but it's haunted. "He show you good time?"
“If you want, you can go. I know that Maddy would be happy to see you off,” Steve offered. Bucky had always been sought after on the settlement.
"The blue compliments your eyes," Tony says and he reaches over to touch the cuff of Steve's shirt with his finger. "Perhaps you would be more comfortable without the coat?"
Steve eases out of the notch in the rock he found safety in and touches his face. It stings but not as much as his shoulder.  He tries to rotate it, but he knows a separated joint when he has one.
“I thought,” Steve says and scrubs a hand through his still damp hair. “I thought he was going to be part of your clinical trial?”
“We do a lot, and I care. More than you know,” Tony said and for not the first time felt a growing urge to change things, to listen to his omega. The idea of it went so against how he was brought up, how his mentor trained him to be an alpha all those years ago. He scowled inwardly and said, “I’m asking you. What do you like?”
“I had no idea. I thought he was here to keep an eye on his brother.” Steve doesn’t mention about him escaping his responsibilities and duties on Asgard.
He glanced around, surveying the damage. Yet another floor he needed to renovate and fix. He didn’t really mind it too much and his brain already started to grapple with Hulk-proof equipment as Bruce appeared out of the back room where Tony knew there was a small lounge, kitchenette, and full bath. He had a towel around his waist and his hair was dripping wet.
There’s no denying it any longer.
“My lord?”
Steve nodded. He stretched out his bared arm again, waiting. The thought of being forever linked to Stark was not high on his list of things to do in the new millennium, but the fact was that he didn’t want to be linked to Hulk or anyone for that matter. So he might as well get this over with and find out if Stark was designated his pain in the ass or whatnot.
It will damn him for sure.
“Oh doll, what you do to me,” Tony had rasped. His whole body and his whole mind felt alive when he was with Steve. He felt like he could conquer the world. Over him as Steve rolls his hips and Tony felt the tight coil of desire heighten, he saw more than just his world opening up; he saw the future. “We could be so good together, you and me.”
“Well, lots of things are like that. We still try, don’t we?” Steve says and pulls his legs in, bending them against Tony’s back. “I need you to wrap your arms around me under my arms. I need my hands free to steer.”
Steve snorted at him and marched over to the table. He scanned the leftover food and picked up a pita. “You know this wasn’t my choice anymore than it was any of yours. I had just woken up. I was trying to figure out my smartphone and why milk cost more than a nickel. I had this plopped in my lap.”
God, his life is shit.
His response to his own thoughts, he tugs his hand away as they approach the house and hides it by saying, “I think I’ll sleep for a time.”
Empty.
“Hmm. Thanks, but I like my meals a medium not rare, or breathing.” The dead eyes of the deer creep him out. The lion stands up and leaves. He walks away from Tony. His offering – a mangled deer with an obviously broken neck - left behind. “Hmm, you can take that. I don’t want it.”
Steve follows the directions of the registration agent and ends up in the lower section following signs to the brothels. Some of them are gaudy and overly sexualized. But thankfully, the Widow’s Brothel in a quiet section with a simulated blue sky with clouds hanging over head. There are flowers growing along the walls to the brothel and a gate automatically swings open for him. He climbs the steps to the entrance.
But they’d only just begun the plans to remodel and fix the Tower. She’d gone over them with him only a day or so ago. They’d planned out the floors, given each Avenger their own floor and put together an area for training and another lounge for relaxing. The whole new design would be spectacular in classic Stark fashion, but it wasn’t spectacular. Not anymore. He didn’t want them around. He didn’t want to be anywhere near pain in the ass Capsicle. Who wanted to associate with someone from his grandpa’s generation who seriously had a stick up his ass? He should just wipe clean the ideas for the Tower remodel and put it back to business and rental space. He was a business man after all, not just a philanthropist. He needed to make money to be able to keep giving it away.
That doesn’t stop Rumlow from catching his arm and stopping him. “Inner most. Must be nice to be so indispensable.”
"Not Captain, anymore."
“I thought he was just sickly,” Tony says. He knows he should have put two and two together. Alphas are rarely ill.
“Done.”
“What if the other dimensions represent something else entirely?” Steve asks.
“We’re different now,” Steve stated. “We’ve both been through so much, but this – this changed everything. We died and came back very different, very much separated from the lives we used to live.”
“People want to help. It’s not that they all assume you can’t get by, it’s that most people have a good streak in them,” Steve says and reaches out to Tony. He clasps Tony’s hand. “Now what would you like?”
Steve yanks out his pad, and pounds on the manifest. “I’ll need names.” He fears his hands might be trembling. He knows his face is hot with anger.
“Yeah,” Steve says, and all the hope and belief Tony’s had over the past month blossoms in Steve’s chest. He can’t hold it; it’s so huge. He manages to say, “Let’s go back to the house. Get some coffee, eggs. Whatever you want.”
“What if I don’t want them to do it?” Steve says and Natasha stops mid-way – about to stand up.
It deflated Tony as he considered Bruce’s words. He was right, of course.  Right now, Steve fought for his life just meters away from Tony. When he’d touched Tony and murmured the words, the bond felt bright, brilliant, but also brittle as if it might snap. The reality struck him and he swallowed down both fear and anxiety. “It might not stay. It’s not strong enough. He’s not strong enough.” The idea that Steve might die hovered over him.  What if he died? What would happen to all of them? What if Captain America died? Dizziness swam over him.
“You act like the viewing box is ours. It’s not, it’s for all the Conclave to use.” Steve notices that Tony doesn’t shrug off Obie’s touch. “What exactly are we trying to prove here?”
No relief turned to stress, stress turned to anger, anger turned to alpha rage. Steve squeezes his eyes shut as he tries to forget the memories. He never wanted to remember it this way, framed against the horror of what happened in Siberia. Two alphas in a rage fighting over him and over the past. He should have told Tony about his parents. He should have told him more about Bucky.
The notification system works, and he hears a slight buzz through the tiny bones in his ear. Eventually the system chimes again.
Steve arches a brow at him. “Interrupting you.” It’s a chance, but he takes it.
“And what would that be?” Tony had snapped. “Lull us into hanging around and helping harvest the corn?”
“This is a hospital room. Take your testosterone laden fight outside.” Bruce shook his head. “This man needs rest. The serum won’t work well if he doesn’t get it.”
“Sacrificed his gland? Everyone knows that you cut out the whole gland, you kill the omega.” Tony says. He knows some of his family history, but not this far back. “So that story sounds like a myth. Like that Medieval myth of Antonio and Stefan, Stiofan, whatever. Remember that one? My mother used to tell me those stories.”
It takes Pepper a while to answer.
“Most times,” Clint says. “He’s sweet on the schoolmarm, and she’s got a room over there with Darcy.”
How could he accept it as so?  He isolated himself after Pepper, after everything that happened with the Mandarin. It worked for him. He didn't need to deal with complications of people and their problems. Tony was enough of a problem to deal, he couldn't deal with others. His soul juddered as if it fought his own brain, his own thought processes. Tony yearned to be with Steve, to learn about him, to see why the universe linked them together - there must be a reason. He was a man of logic even if his emotions drove his actions sometimes. Yet to shatter all of his defenses, break down his walls and allow Steve and a whole pack into his brain, his heart, his soul, that terrified him. He couldn't let it happen.
Steven keeps his eyes averted, but his jaw muscle twitches. “No, we don’t.”
“Mer Rogers, you may find the washroom directly to the left. There you will find cleaning supplies or an automatic washer. Also, there is an autoclave if that’s what you desire to use.”
“No. I have two left feet. Peggy, my fiancé, wanted to teach me before the wedding.” He stops and the loss hits him dead center in the chest. A fist hard and cold like steel grips him and his lungs constrict. He blinks a few times, trying to chase away the tears prickling at the corners of his eyes. Clearing his throat, he says, “Sorry.”
Until Steve called out.
Apparently word got around, he needed to talk to a guy who had a tendency to turn into huge rage monsters. “Not exactly what I thought.” He couldn’t explain the terror compounding in his chest as the cacophony of noise boiled over in his head.
“No,” Steve said and knew the words flowing out of him were true. “I don’t think of it that way. It’s not something I considered before because it was not an option when I was younger.”
“I will,” he said.
“Not that way, this way.”
“Tony?” Steve yells over the roar of the currents and the blowing snow.
“You don’t. We just did, and I drank my fill,” Tony said and placed the glass to the side. “You should drink the water too. You’re going to get dehydrated.” Like a moth to the flame, Tony sidled onto the bed. His whole being longed to be in Steve’s arms, encompassed by them. Steve read his thoughts and gathered Tony in his arms.
“Any luck getting into the security system?”  Steve yelled to Tony over the cacophony of helicopter blades above and gunfire at ground level.
Steve struggles back to his feet, forces himself to round the desk and go to the small narrow window with the broken glass. “Yeah, but what or who is he hiding from and when they come to get him, what’s going to happen to us?”
“Frustrated.” Tony moves the chair to the upright position.
He yells out, “Brace for impact!” His arms tighten around the big animal, but for all the world, he feels like a little boy grasping his tiny stuffed toy when the crushing collision happens, and the world goes blank.
“Other worlds like Jupiter and Mars?” Tony asks.
Steve delves deeper into his assignment, learning some new things about the prince and the war he faces.
“What’s that?”
“Yeah, that’s right. Right.” Tony drops his shoulders. There is nothing to be done for it. He should get it over with now. “Okay. JARVIS?”
“Why don’t I try and get the jet working?”
“That doesn’t make me anymore interested in working with you. You left him to die,” Tony had said.
“Stop,” Tony said in a hushed voice. “You’re making me blush.”
After Sam not all the clients live up to his level of caring or even interaction. Some walk in the door and get him to his knees and a dick in his mouth before he can even offer a greeting. Others talk far too much and fuck him like he’s a dog in heat. Still others never get it up and just hold Steve and play with his cock until he’s coming, and they watch in some fascination.
Clint shakes his head. “No can do. I will be there for you. That’s the deal.” He grins at Steve.
“Copy that.”
She could go for the cheap shot, but Pepper never stoops so low. “Well, I think you should reconsider asking him to do this. He’s not your toy to play with. He’s an employee.”
Tony frowns, and it is harsh and unyielding. He pulls out a paper with bloody fingerprints on it – his last letter to Tony. “Because of this. They called me. T’Challa made it a request under diplomatic channels. I’m only officially visiting as an envoy of the Avengers. I’m not even supposed to be flying to Korea. T’Challa has some pretty neat tech and some pull to get this to work.”
Silence.
Strucker not only headed up a secret Hydra base, but Loki’s scepter found its way into the man’s hands. As they prepared to board the Quin Jet and fly to Sokovia, Tony watched as Steve went through the pre-flight review of the knowns and variables to the battle plan. He had a holographic map floating in the midst of the Jet. He spun it around and studied it. Natasha and Maria stood beside him.
“Castle, stop,” Steve says and tows him away from Tony.
“Of course,” Steve says and gestures for him to lead the way. It only then occurs to Steve that he didn’t prepare himself properly for a night with the prince. Lowly he curses his stupidity. Steve yanks open his shoulder bag, pulls out some supplies, and then stuffs them into the inner pocket of his robe. “Lead the way.”
And now he was someone’s Beloved. What did it mean?
After, Tony sits with Steve as he sleeps. He works silently on his phone, querying JARVIS on matters concerning the whole sorted affair. He inputs all of the information he's gleaned from both Steve's babbling and from Clint. It will take some time but he knows he's onto something and he's not one to give up.
“That doesn’t seem right,” Tony replies.
He glances behind him and then back to the mirror. “Y-yes?”
“Glad you came today, Tony and I are set to leave for the Schmidt Ranch tomorrow morning.”
“Come on. Did you see they have a juice bar that makes smoothies?” Sam thumbed toward the door behind them.
“No need. Just let me do this for you.”
All of them turn to stare at the inert figure on the gurney. Steve’s mouth is slightly open, his eyes are closed, his figure quiet, almost deathly.
“Get the jet ready. File a flight plan to wherever Steve went.”
“Brooklyn years 35, but standard years 27.”
“Apologize.”
“You’re in a white tuxedo, Tony. I’m in a tux. Neither of us should hop on a motorcycle and start driving around New York City. It’s not known for being a pristinely clean place, you know.” They’re standing at the entrance to the garage. Steve can see the Harley.
Steve shrugs. “Gotta be. Boss wants to take a trip and I’m going with him.”
Rumlow barked out a laugh and Tony startled which threw him into fits of laughter. Sawyer only looked everywhere else but at the fellow guard. Rumlow whacked Sawyer on the shoulder. “You have to excuse good ol’ Chuck here. He’s got a soft spot for o4. Like they’re friends or something.”
Steve turned to Tony and slipped his hand up against his neck. Tony wanted to lean into it but stopped himself. “It means that we’re closer together, more the same.”
“Loki was there?”
He has his socks on and realizes he doesn’t have proper footwear. “Hmm. Did you happen to rent shoes?”
“Well, let’s not have that happen to you,” Steve said. He squeezed Tony’s hand, said his ‘goodnights’ to Natasha and Clint and then headed toward the bedroom. Tony didn’t protest.
“You don’t like technical drawing?” Tony asks as they get back on the dry path again.
“Well, I was in the army, so I think I can handle it.”
“Those are black cherries.” Tony smiles and it charms his eyes. “Not the real thing, but as close as we can come these days. I may have mentioned to the chef that you liked black cherries.”
“Is it being here? The here and now? Are you having trouble with adjusting? We can have you talk to a doctor, help you through the PTSD.” Tony taps on his reactor. “I know I should go. Been too much to deal with and I just bury it all.” Steve looks at Tony, meets his gaze. Tony rushes on because he doesn’t have a lot of time to save this – whatever
“Is there a problem with the reactor?” Tony concentrates on the readouts of his implanted arc reactor. It’s functioning at capacity and within range.
Almost immediately she grew alert. “Thank god. I was so worried. They are putting out calls for all covens to come in and get the surgery. They put out a warning that any coven or individual vampire who doesn’t have the surgery will be deemed a criminal and will be hunted down. They’re going to clean out the covens this weekend.”
“Entanglement, quantum entanglement,” Tony says. Of course, it makes perfect sense, in a weird physics kind of way.
“Every damned day,” Tony said and wanted to throw out the words, throw out the guilt.
“You’ll never find him,” Bucky says. “He doesn’t want you to find him. He hates you. He collects information on you because he wants to assassinate you. I might give him the clue to get to you. I might do it myself and serve him your head on a platter.”
Tony suppresses a smile. “I feel that I may have met my match. What other surprises do you have up your sleeve?”
, but this – with Steve – to Tony felt different, special, and in some freakishly nerdy way – precious. The best part was – Tony didn’t mind, he liked it – a lot. Red alert flags went up. He liked it too much. What if Steve didn’t want it, what if he rejected Tony. Fuck, maybe he needed a drink.
Steve chuckles. “Well, I didn’t expect much, maybe a miniscule amount. Like teeny tiny amount.”
“I don’t see them,” Steve said, but Clint nodded.
CHAPTER 4
Tony pivots and fires a series of aimed repulsor blasts. Steve hears the cry of the Hulk but then also feels the rope lose the tension as if a great weight suddenly disappeared. “Got it. Hit the rope. Dead on. He fell.”
She agrees, but before she leaves, she says, “We are here to help you, Captain.”
“Is Peggy a Divini?” Steve asked.
“I’m not sure I would like the snow one, but let’s look at what you call an ocean?” He’s seen some photos of oceans, but he’s never actually seen one in real life.
“Hell, where would you all be if I didn’t? My fortune supplies this place and the coven. Without Pepper, we’d have nothing,” Tony spat back.
It crashed down on him; the fact that once again he was derelict in his duties as a pack leader. He’d left Clint, Natasha, Bruce, and Thor to deal with the new members. Again, he focused solely on his own needs – his Beloved. He wasn’t just a soul mate, but a pack leader and he’d screwed up again. The pack needed him. But then again, Tony fell apart in his arms. Was he simply supposed to leave him alone to deal with a mix of emotions? Was that the way he needed to act? Was part of being pack leader cutting himself off from his Beloved? Right now, he’d sliced away at the rest of the pack. He abandoned them again at their most vulnerable moments. It wasn’t right.
Tony might just not be sane.
It’s the right thing to do and Steve hates it. He despises the idea of leaving Tony alone with no other protection but his wits and the Iron Man armor. It’s a ridiculous thought, Tony can take care of himself.
“I just want you to know that. I know you,” Bucky said and glanced at Steve – didn’t hold his gaze. “I know you would feel guilty for what happened. I know you do. I can feel it even now.”
“Wha-?” he croaks out and grunts. His body aches and he flaps his hand down on his chest, feeling the arc reactor. The one that – he blinks his eyes and sits up. The arc reactor that – who was it that put it in his chest? He scrambles and jumps out of bed as he recognizes his Malibu home – his bedroom. He’s home – he’s not on an island. He’s not safe with – who was it again?
Steve curves around, flanking the stage and the security with ease as he targets the stage from the side back corner instead of the front. He’s at the foot of the steps as Pepper and Rhodes lead Tony down from the stage. Steve shouts his orders, “Security form a protective circle around Mister Stark. Don’t let anyone near him.”
Narrowing his focus and drilling down to his gutted feelings, Tony replies, “I want to know why. I want to understand you. You don’t act like any omega I know, not even Clyn, Nat’s omega. You act like you command a team. But at the same time, you’re broken and lost.” For the first time, Tony remembers the bottle of bourbon in his hand. He offers it to Steven. “Drink. Drink until you get drunk. Maybe a little truth serum will help.”
“Not much. It was a room like high up in the Alps. Lots of old tech equipment.”
“Could Blu have traveled that far in the time-.” Tony mumbles the words but JARVIS answers anyway.
Laying on his side, Tony flips over and looks up at Steve. “What are you talking about?”
“You’re delusional,” Tony says and again it’s a strike that doesn’t hit its target with her. Rarely anything does.
Tony takes a few seconds to answer and that scares Steve more than he wants to admit. “Mostly, yes.”
“I kissed him.”
“Like guardian angels? That crap my mother told me was true?” Tony coughs and tries not to laugh at Steve.
Everything tingles and Steve finds the energy to sit up. He’s sure his eyes sparkle with anticipation. “I’d love to.” He beams. It’s one of his favorite things to do, but he never gets to do it since his clients usually only pay for an hour.
“Well, you might get sick of me. We might get sick of one another.”
“HUD’s showing a partial fissure in the rocks. Could be a cave or something,” Tony says.
“But he has Barnes, correct?”
“Thor’s brother’s taken off.”
A fine linen cloth is placed in his hands and he wipes his mouth, and then looks up. He’s given a tin cup of water. He drinks as he sees Tony standing over him. “Tony?” His voice is rasped and it burns to talk.
, it said on the page, as if agreeing with Pietro.
"Yeah, yeah, yeah.  We will," said Tony.  He looked over at Steve.  "Where ever you want.  Where ever's most comfortable for you.  You want me here?  ...I'll stay here," he answered for himself, threading his fingers through Steve's and clutching his hand.
"Tony, company, be quiet."
It took him a moment.  He pressed, and nothing happened; stroked, pressed, still nothing.
"I know he looks dead, but that's just a side effect of the cryo," JARVIS supplied in a monotone voice.  "Thanks to the serum, he's chock-full of nucleating proteins.  The amount of sugar in his blood has kept him from freezing completely solid.  We think we'll be able to wake him up in a couple more years.  Of course, there's no telling how his mind is, but physically, he should be just fine."
"In like forty minutes. Why, you ready for it?"
He and Morgan picked their way across the rubble, Tony holding her hand to help stabilize her, and he felt miserable because Steve wouldn't need that hand; Tony would offer it and Steve would laugh but he'd be fine on his own.  Morgan was so tiny, like a little sparrow, a porcelain doll, the opposite of Steve's heavy, broad-shouldered self.
Steve was kind of relieved when Tony led them through the quiet, much less crowded back way.
The DJ had just started playing an electronic mix of Black Sabbath's "Iron Man."  A beautiful, very clearly inebriated blond fell onto Steve and grabbed his shoulders for support.  She giggled maniacally.  "Hi, sorry!"
"Since when are omegas so goddamn level-headed in heat?  You want it. I want it. We're all adults here. I say we have a good, hard hate-fuck and then never talk about it again," said Tony.
"So that was the surprise," said Tony, emerging into the kitchen.  "Your grand debut as the omega man?  ...I canceled on Pepper.  I wanna spend the day with you, watching this historic mess unfold.  People are gonna be going nuts.  Everyone always assumed Captain America was an Alpha."  Tony paused.  "I did," he added.  He didn't add he'd had a poster of Captain America over his bed for years and considered Captain America to be an excellent role model for a strong, dominant Alpha.
"The wall needs to be gone, huh?" Steve moved to grab the shield prototype and felt his hands along the wall. "I'm on it." He hesitated a moment and cocked his head, eyes narrowing. "Hm." Then Steve drew his hand with the shield back and promptly shoved the thing straight through the wall. It groaned and hissed in protest but Steve soon knocked another significant hole through the wall as he slammed the shield through it again. And then again and again and again. Plaster and flecks of paint soon littered the floor as Steve systematically tore down the wall piece by piece like it was no more inconvenient than a layer of thick cardboard.
Steve could have sworn it was. He'd gotten dressed, gone downstairs, and moved the flowers, hadn't he? How could
came with a ready-made theme song, so, you know, that's the name I went with."  He cracked a grin.  "I'm a sucker for Ozzy.  ...are you getting in the bath or not?  Omegas first."  He kissed Steve's shoulder.
Steve made a shushing sound and ran his fingers through Tony's hair. He was quiet for a few minutes as he collected his thoughts and worked out what to say as he rocked Tony gently at the same time, doing his best to calm him. He didn't need to be told where the feeling of not being normal came from. Maybe it was because a part of Steve could feel it; he didn't know.
Aria returned Pepper's smile, looking excited as she moved to get into the backseat next to Steve. "Oh, just so you know. Most of the acts are betas, one is a band with an Alpha lead and then we have two omegas. So, it's a good mix."
Steve turned around and grabbed some clothes for Tony. He held out the t-shirt. "Come on Tony." The other was not remotely interested in getting dressed. Steve sighed. It would seem he'd have to bribe him. "If you get dressed I'll give you a kiss but
He perked up at the invitation, however. Carefully, Steve crawled onto the couch and then laid his head down against Tony's thigh. The TV was still on but he wasn't paying attention to it.
"Off the record," echoed Maria.  "...Phil, do you want to do the honors?"  She handed him a new tracking bracelet.
"It usually ends in a fight to death, unsurprisingly." Coulson grimaced. "Shall we get this scan over and done with?"
The helicopter was a Sikosky UH-60, modified for stealth.  Tony was already picking up all of its frequencies; there were three different open radio lines; the pilot was none other than Romanov.  Tony let himself be impressed; he didn't know she knew how to pilot aircraft. She was already number 3 on his To-Screw list.
Tony reached up to rub the back of his neck.  It was prickling. He could feel the scar there.  Honestly, the idea of Tony being bonded to any omega, let alone one as desirable as Steve, was laughable.  Tony was barely a real Alpha. Real Alphas fought for their omegas, but everyone had pleasantly agreed Bucky would murder him, not realizing how much it pained him to hear over and over that he was the loser, that his claim to Steve was only artificial, that he couldn't be expected to protect his own omega.  But of course. Steve knew all his dirty secrets, Pepper probably did too. Steve knew what these little scars meant, what each one represented: Tony's failure as an Alpha, his being used as an omega. He'd never counted them, feeling like this act of protest somehow made it better. But it didn't. Once was enough to ruin him, to prove his Alpha-hood was nothing more than a genetic fluke and that he wasn't the slightest bit dominant, that he couldn't even protect himself, let alone an omega.
"Try and sleep every ten or so. Give yourselves a break at least every two hours else you might hurt yourselves," Gleason said and cleared his throat. "I have salve for that too. If you need it."
Maria, still on the ground, swung her legs; Wanda went down.  Wanda swiped at Maria; Maria's gun skittered across the floor; Aria lunged at it; Pepper threw her wrench into the fray, cracking Aria's elbow.
"Shit.  We just sedated Steve."
"This year you have Steve," said Pepper, fixing Tony's new watch to his wrist before strapping the brown one on to her own.  It didn't quite match her outfit, which was a dark green dress and gold earrings, but she wasn't the one going on television.
"Suppressants?" suggested Tony.
Steve was an emotional wreck.  Tony had failed to mate him, failed to consummate whatever bond they had left, and then he'd put Steve through trying on collars... of course Steve cared.  Steve was a product of his time, a time when omegas were treated like shit. Of course he had self-esteem issues.
Tony laughed breathlessly.  "J-JARVIS... start a timer..." he demanded languidly, throwing his head back and closing his eyes, feeling his cock twitch inside the tight, silky contours of Steve's throat.  He was pretty sure Steve would last longer than him, not because of Steve's breath-holding ability, but because being deep-throated by Captain America was pushing Tony to the edge, and knotting someone's throat was so deliciously perverse and felt so wickedly good that there was no way he was going to last long.  At the very base of his cock he could feel Steve's tongue; he gritted his teeth, wanting to win this weird little contest, but also desperate to cum.
one, Captain," he said, tone fond.  "Can't you convince Tony to call off the party?"
"Aw nice, I bet the security is pretty good there too. Handy."
. He'd made the choice to do it and it had been a private, intimate thing.
"Sure."
Pietro and Wanda looked at each other and nodded; Pietro strode over to the stairs, looking up, then down.  "I think this is the garage," he said, loping down. He was rewarded with a small landing without any decorations at all.  There was a pane of frosted glass that he couldn't see though, and a keypad. He gave the door a test-yank anyway.
"...welcome home, sirs," intoned JARVIS.
"...the thing that we both find concerning, Steve, is that you don't have a very supportive environment here, but don't seem to be seeking out any alternative support networks.  You have a lot of resources at your disposal. There's us, and we know you're close to Sam Wilson, who's heavily involved in the VA..." said Dr. Brazinski.
"Bucky. Bucky, please don't do this. Don't do it. You don't want to-- you don't want to do this!" Steve was screaming. No, he was begging. He didn't care. He didn't care what they thought of him. Fuck, he was close to crying. Because it wasn't just HYDRA doing this to him, it was
"...If you guys cover me, I can get down there. I'll lose them in the tunnel."
, in a scary Amazonian sort of way.  You've never seen omegas like this, Steve.  You'll love them. Oh! And they all wear like, these collars with panthers on them, I think the panther is like the symbol of Wakanda, like how we have the eagle, and the same company that made their made ours, too.  Neat, huh? So you guys'll have a lot to talk about."
"Do you want Tony here?" Natasha asked Steve bluntly. The blonde frowned.
"Don't bother pretending Jasper, really. You’re awfully bad at it."
texted Tony, confused as to what Steve was talking about.  He was sitting in a conference room listening to a man calmly explain why suppressants were morally repugnant.  So far, Tony had, as Malick had promised, learned a lot, including such topics as breaking in recently bonded omegas and the process of conversion therapy for those unfortunate enough to have omega offspring.  Tony couldn't help but notice how careful they were with their words. There was no talk, for example, of arranged bonding, because it was illegal. But you didn't have to be a genius to know that "breaking in" an omega wasn't something you'd have to do if it
"Sorry, old man, but you're in the past, now," Tony informed the film.
She grabbed his arm and dragged him into the bathroom, shutting the door behind them.  "...you're going into heat."
Steve just wanted to get down there already. He kept remembering Seven nearly crying, curled in on himself on the floor, and he knew that's who they had to try and save. If it came to that, which it probably would. Steve didn't even know his real name. Jesus.
He stretched and grabbed a pair of sweat pants off the floor before loping downstairs.
Aria sighed. "If you turn up with something not designer it might be perceived as a little... rude. You're already both wearing collars. You'd be pushing it, Steve."
!" protested Tony.  "I'm trying!"
"You mean Fletch?"
"I get it," said Steve sincerely.  "I never really understand why you're all obsessed with the wars in this century.  Everyone romanticizes it.  What's romantic about millions of people going to die?  None of the soldiers want to be there, not really, but everyone shoots anyway, just because they're scared of what might happen if they don't."
"And we're worried about the environment you're in," added Dr. Brazinski.  (She had heard from Malick, through the grapevine, that Tony had been at the conference drunk and wearing a squirrel costume.)
Gideon Malick had
"Your dog tags are with a woman named Peggy Carter. I left everything important with  her," Steve said gently. Everything important being the dogtags, sketchbooks and a few odd items of clothing. His Captain America gear he'd left at Sam's house. Just in case anything had happened him, it was a silent offer for the other to take up the name. Steve couldn't think of anyone else better suited to it. He wondered if Sam had mentioned that to the others. "Your name is James Buchanan Barnes. I call you Bucky."
Ian started telling a story about a time when Kerry got an olive stuck up her nose and they almost had to call an ambulance. The Alpha looked mildly annoyed but her lips still twitches up in the hint of a smile when the story made Steve laugh. Eventually George had gotten the damn thing out with a pair of chopsticks from take-out the night before.
"I...I don't like fighting with you," he murmured. "But I'd rather you say it than keep it all bottled up inside of you."
that if you don't follow through with this voluntarily, SHIELD is going to make you.  You're considered a massive, unpredictable security risk, and Gideon Malick has it out for you."
"Yes, I know."
"They do. Just slowly," Aria hummed.
Steve was just starting up the car when Bucky stroked at his neck and suddenly his entire body felt like it was on fire. His eyes widened and he paused, hands frozen on the steering wheel. Bucky had probably touched him a thousand times there before but this time it felt different. It was mark he'd left that Steve didn't even remember happening. He thought about the way Tony touched him there. Bucky's fingers traced over his own scar. Steve trembled.
Tony felt weird.  He couldn't imagine Clint behaving like this, even with Natasha.  Every omega at this conference was so weird. Steve was the
He talked to Banksy in the last five minutes. The man was hyper with champagne and talking to him about his future ad with Status Alliance, which he clearly approved of. But then Steve felt Tony coming up behind him and he automatically leant into the touch, smiling at the hands around his waist. Steve turned around and took Tony's hands in his own. He ducked his head down to whisper in his ear. "You wanna head outside for this, or hang around for the show?"
crack," began Tony petulantly.
"...what?" repeated Aria.
id I pass or not?"
"I got scared a lot.  Still do," Steve whispered, just to fill in the quiet. "You do when there's lives in your hands. That alone is scary as hell. Just like a bond is kinda scary; we're suddenly overwhelmingly responsible for each other, right? But that's not a bad thing- being afraid of it. It just means it's something important, something worth fighting for."
cool..." she continued.
, he thought desperately.
had found me? What if I was sold in a place like this, ended up with a guy like Malick? All these people... I just want to get them out of here. But how do you save people who don't think they need saving?"
. "Suppressants don't work on me. You think I would have gone undercover without them if I could help it? Phil brought me an injection that night at the hotel to try and prevent the heat- I burned it up in a minute. Also suppressants wouldn't stop me being aroused," he pointed out. "It would just mean you couldn't tell."
Tony stripped off the ruined sheets and got a heavy quilt from his closet, draping it over Steve softly.  He felt the solid, warm sense of contentment that came from knowing he was a good Alpha who was protecting and caring for his omega; Steve's eyes followed him with a look of fawning.
Tony was, in his own way, something of a homebody.  He liked people, and parties, but he preferred when the parties were at his house and he could nip down to the lab if an idea struck him.  In college, he had probably spent more time in the robotics lab than his dorm.
There was a mirror against one wall, but Steve was too short to see himself in it so he couldn't really check himself. He wondered how he got here.  Had he been drinking?  He had no headache. Bucky would be so mad at him for disappearing like that.
"Tell him I'm free Wednesday."
"Yeah.  You go check on the boys.  I'll handle this," said Pepper stiffly.
"Fine.  You're dismissed."
Callum groaned.  "It's a straight shot to sink the orange ball... just take it, Charlotte!"
“I’m not trying to tell you anything.  I’m trying to express my concern,” Steve said quietly.  Concern for
He watched Steve's face, the way he leaned in to the ocean breeze, the dimples that appeared when he smiled, the brightness of his eyes.  Tony felt bad that Steve had been cooped up; he knew the guy loved being out here, running around like a maniac.
"I was there when you were injured, in the coma," Coulson says.
“Okay, I’ll take your lousy excuse for a team building exercise and do it as long as you promise that the next time you decide to jump off a building, you radio for help first. Sam, Rhodey, and I can’t always be there if you don’t tell us!” It’s one of Tony’s worst fears, that one day they will miss Steve. He didn’t include Thor in the list because they never knew when Thor was going to be around.
Steve gets up on all fours, spreads his legs and opens his mouth. Anxiety rolls over him; he wants to get this started and then he realizes as the haze of yearning to give of himself comes over him that he’s fully in heat.
There is something very wrong. It is bigger than Tony thought. It is more than what the abolitionists fight for, it is the very soul of humanity. He cannot swallow down the bonding gland elixir. Instead he gags and shivers, but then Steven’s arms come up and around him, holding him. It feels familiar and right. Every part of him wants Steven to feel something more, something that’s not about subjugation, not about their roles. Steven strokes his hair, buries his face in the crown of Tony’s head. It feels almost as if he enjoys the closeness, the embrace as well.
“Stopping the fight, I suppose.” She looks perplexed at him. “I never- I never thought about what he has or doesn’t have. He’s always had so much.”
Tony swallowed down his fear. “Maybe?”
Blu lifts his paw and then touches the suit, then the pile of wood.
“Clarification on notification on James Buchanan Barnes. Is this because of location and will be updated at a future time or other reasons – and tell me the other reasons?”
“Hello. Steve Rogers?” She offers her hand.
“Ultron doesn’t know the whole team was here. Or at least he’s not supposed to know,” Steve says.  He had been thinking about the first time they visited Barton’s family earlier. “Do you think he can read our minds? Retrieve the data?” He’d asked it before, but he needs the answer.
Steve gave her a half grin. “That is true.” He’d never considered trying to intentionally bond before – but something, maybe part of his Core, told him it was the right thing to do. When he’d first shook Sam’s hand just days ago, his soul warmed and accepted. It had only been Steve’s conscious control of his astral projection that stopped the bonding then. “I bring this up, Sam, because the first time I met you I thought we had a connection. I thought you might be part of the pack.”
“Well, if you need to. I have to call Brucie Bear anyhow.”
“So he’s your bait to figure this shit out?” Tony asked. He regretted inviting her into his house. This was his safe haven, a place out of time and space for his time with Steve. Having her here and the rest of the coven dirtied it.
Sam caught Tony’s arm. “Think about why he’s doing it. Why he’s shielding us from what’s really going on.”
Tony picks up the dried meat and bread. He chews on it and points to the swell of land around them. It's colored in tones of brown and streaked with an occasional green or orange. “They say the west is beautiful land but I would say formidable. It's outstanding and lovely yes, but the dogwoods, and sagebrush are hiding the real dangers don't you think, Sheriff?”
“Steve?”
Steve sits on the bed, staring as Pepper rummages through the closet of clothes he hung when he first arrived. She mutters to herself, obviously not happy with any of the choices. This morning started off well enough but derailed sometime around mid-day when the duchess decided it was her responsibility to ensure Steve was properly dressed and trained for the upcoming luncheon. As he watches her compare the different articles of clothing and consult JARVIS, Steve thinks about waking up in Tony’s arms.
Sam lifted a shoulder in a shrug. “Dude, he’s gotta know sometime. The Winter Soldier is part of our pack, his pack. He’s Brother, right?”
“Okay. I can’t say I love it. Having Steve here really helps. He can paint what things look like with his words. You can tell he’s an artist,” Tony says.
Steve bit back his words. Hawkeye took charge. He went forward to the cockpit and said something to Natasha Steve hadn’t caught – or maybe he had but his brain refused to process it. When the Quin Jet landed on the pad at the Tower, Steve escorted Tony down the rampway, with only Sam in tow. Everyone else stayed on board. Steve turned to question, but Hawkeye waved him off.
Tony had never been known to be a patience man and he finally huffed. “Okay, what?”
She giggles. “God, Steve, calm down. You’re not going to war. If you don’t want to do this, I can get you off the station-.”
“Thanks, Sam,” Steve said. “We don’t have phones so we can’t contact you-.”
“Putting a bunch of enemies together on the Lemurian Star probably isn’t the smartest thing you’ve ever done,” Steve says with a shoulder shrug. “And I have to say I’m not fond of being your janitor and cleaning up your messes.”
“Steve?”
Tony’s fingers inch upward to his cheekbones, finely chiseled and symmetrical. So perfect in form that Tony smiles.
Tony bows his head and then after a second, looks up and smiles a quirky turn of the lips. “Sorry. I shouldn’t have asked you to do that. This isn’t a performance for you.” He places his hand over Steve’s cupping it to his face.
"That about sums it up, doesn't it." Steve says and slams the canister shaped helmet over Tony's head. "Get ready, we won't have much time."
“Have you looked outside. He’s doing a pretty damned good job. He could literally freeze us to death in here,” Tony says as he points out the window.
“Mind? No!” Tony says though he is a little disappointed. It means he’ll have to make himself scarce.
Burgers and beer happened to be drive-through and meet up at Steve’s apartment. They walked up and past the door of the nurse who lived across the hall from him. He rarely bumped into Kate. Nonetheless, Natasha slowed down in front of her door as if she wanted to listen in and see if the nurse might be at home. He only raised an eyebrow at her and then turned to unlock his door. They ended up in the living room, chowing down, with a six pack of beer between them, though Natasha bought a milkshake as well.
"Not this time."
Tony stood on the rooftop, staring down at the skeletal form that had been his shell, his casing. The vampire that hung on the cross next to him was standing next to him. Her hair plaited in a long dark braid, her eyes as dark as jungle rivers.
“Thanks.” Steve beams. Tony doesn’t think he’s ever seen him so relaxed and so happy to share something with him. Most of their days together consist of brainstorming and problem solving. He thinks the look of Steve in hard concentration might be the one he knows the best. This glowing expression is new, and it warms something deep in Tony’s chest.
Tony stops his work and drops the cylinder on the table. “Okay, big Army guy, tell me how I should look at our craptastic situation. I’m not seeing the Ritz here, or a Yacht club. Did they give you some kind of hallucinogenic pills to take when captured, because I want some?”
Tony understood a bit of this. One of the reasons they started looking for the laboratory in the first place was the accountants found an anomaly. A lab in the Rockies was drawing funds from a secret off shore account that Howard had established decades ago. It was an investment account that had millions in it and funneled money to the specific laboratory. For three decades it operated. Of course, Howard and Stane apparently knew about it since their signatures was all over the archival data. It meant that for the last few years the facility ran without Tony’s knowledge or any supervision.
It’s probably too crass because Tony waves his hands in the air. “I don’t. Please don’t talk like that. Whatever is upsetting you, it’s obviously not your position then. Would you tell me what it is?”
“Yeah,” Clint said as he straightened up in the passenger seat. While Steve had parsed through his thoughts on Tony and vampire mating, Clint dozed next to him. “I know.”
Hammer stammers some excuses and then trails after a waiter looking for a drink. Well, that was all kinds of fun. Yanking at the collar of his jacket, Steve wants to leave. He’s not good at small talk. For a few minutes he busies himself by scooping some appetizers off the tray and then realizes he’s probably allergic to it, so he dumps it almost immediately. He searches for Tony but finds him engaged in an animated talk with Erskine. Steve does not want to invite another conversation with the doctor, so he turns to look for Wanda again and ends up bumping straight into Rumlow.
She gestures for him to follow her. The hallways are narrow passageways. “This is it. I’ve already programmed it to read your implant. Please.” She points for him to enter first.
“Now, you’re just lying.” Tony crosses his arms and glares at Steve.
An echo from the soul bond alerted him to Nat approaching from his flank just as Clint circled around. Two of the Legion fired at the same time. Steve threw his shield to protect Nat but at the same time pushed his soul energy toward Clint. The bolt of energy helped Clint leap out of the way and onto a tree branch at least twenty feet in the air. Clint saluted him as Nat came over to him with his shield.
“JARVIS, what time-.” He had to stop, swallow down the saliva and bile, and start again. “What time is it?” JARVIS didn’t answer. That couldn’t be good. He reached for the bed, hoisted himself up, and then sat there, panting for several minutes as if he’d just had an asthma attack. He blinked a few times, trying to focus, but the world kept pixelating around him. Even after a few days, the blood loss plagued him. How much had Tony drank?
Steve met his gaze for the first time and the sorrow and pain struck Tony as if it were a physical blow. “You don’t want me to tell you everything they said in my day. Everything the Church still says today.”
“So when did all this magic infestation happen?” Steve asked and he could not believe for a minute that he was actually asking such an insane question. But just a few days ago he was fighting aliens – from outer space. Maybe he wasn’t awake just yet. Maybe this was all some induced dying dream or something. The phantoms of his nightmares during his time in the ice still chased him.
The line goes dead and Steve stays on the bed, staring into the darkness and wondering how he can stop his mind from craving something he can never have.
“We’ve tested his limits and except for the one trigger word, everything is easily handled.” More tests and checks would be planned. Security measures put into place. No one outside of this room knew the one trigger word – no one outside of Tony knew the others. His biology would never let him reveal those things. He would die for his Submissive.
Something stiffens in Steven, but he relaxes after a second. “Natalia wasn’t supportive of it. She thinks that it will cause more trouble. Trying to keep that many omegas under control would be difficult.”
Steve peered over his shoulder at Tony but he stood in the dark so that his features were hidden. “We moved out and got a nice flat with radiator heat.”
This fact offers Steve no consolation or peace. He tries to force the anxiety away, but he fails. Knowing Bucky is out there on the front lines worries him enough. He doesn’t need to get emotionally invested in Tony Stark. He’s a prince and way out of Steve’s league, even if he wasn’t a whore.
Steve joins him and shrugs. “It could be a different Thor and Loki, but more than once I’ve heard about Thor’s problems and that he’s hiding out from something. Everyone says it has something to do with a loss. I’m not sure. Loki thoroughly enjoys being an escort. If they’re hiding, it’s the perfect place. No one see you there, not really.”
Steve moves between Tony and Nat as if to block his view of the young woman. Steve whispers something to Nat, who can't be more than in twenty-two or twenty-three. She protests with a string of Russian but then he hears Steve say, "Is Clint home?"
“The whole shit about me in that other reality dead or something. I wasn’t dead. Not dead or am not dead. Whatever. I just- no.”
Thor admitted to himself a denouement of thought was upon him. He could walk away, rush away like a dog with his tail between his legs. He could pretend he saw nothing in Steven’s eyes as they ate lunch or shared a late night mead. “No, Captain.” Thor corrected himself - “Steven. No, I mean something more?”
“Your friend is sick?”
“I’m not sure what you mean by that, Steve,” Tony says. “You were barely functional not a day ago.”
“Help, I can help.” Tony jerks as he talks. The cold has set on him. His skin looks blue, his eyes look like glass. His hair is frozen.
“The rarity of the condition and the overall anatomical changes does make this a difficult case. We had hoped that the serum would step up and heal the uteri but it doesn’t seem to be happening. We’ll have to operate and remove them.”
The thought nags at him that maybe, just maybe Stane has no secret agenda. Tony’s known him for ages and Steve only for the last few days. Of course, Stane’s been crass and ignorant about Steve’s position as a sex worker. A lot of people are. He’s not surprised. What if Stane has Tony’s welfare at heart and the pushing he’s done to force Tony in one direction is the only one to save the Conclave. Steve shoves away from the food. It’s all too much.
“You disconnected the input, right?” Tony says and he knows it’s irrational. Of course, they disconnected the input lines if they were planning on pulling him out.
“I had a professor I know, Bruce Banner, have his class run the analyses. He teaches biomedical shit but also has to teach a biostat class once a year. All the analyses came out the same.”
She nods and hands over the quilt to him. “You deliver this to him, and tell Peter to come on home. He needs to do some chores, his uncle is under the weather.”
“Once we get to the outer boundary of Ultron’s programming it won’t be so intense. What you’re not sure of is the exit Door. Or one of them. I programmed them in. This is the most obvious Door that there will be. Other Doors won’t be. We have to stick together so that you know what’s a Door and what’s an illusion.” Tony bends down and picks up a backpack.
The wine helps. It’s not to say that Sam is rude or rough. In fact, he’s a tender lover and caring about Steve’s wants and needs. He kisses softly and he always checks in to find out if he’s enjoying himself. Steve feels like the client more than the whore with Sam. When Sam takes him from behind and Steve’s crazy with need, shoving back on the thick cock thrusting inside of him, Sam growls and says, “You’re so perfect. God I could fuck you all day.”
A pause – a pause that should not happen takes place and JARVIS says, “I am sorry, sir, but I cannot compute. What is the question?”
Steve opened his mouth and Clint did what he could to adjust the straw so that he wouldn’t taste the vile stuff. Steadying his breathing, Steve took the straw and closed his mouth around it. He tried not to sniff, not to smell the tang of metal, yet it burned his nostrils. He gave himself a count and then started to suck. Even with the straw as far into his mouth as possible, the taste was unmistakable. His stomach roiled and rebelled. He gagged.
“Yuck,” he said and closed his eyes. Lying here might be the best thing to do. He barely felt the scratchy fabric of the couch anymore.
That didn’t sound all that inspiring, but Steve took it at face value as Tony dodged another direct look by stepping to the side. “I’ll just wait for all hell to break loose over here.”
“This isn’t a get out of the icy waters of purgatory free, Steve, this is you have to earn it and get it right this time. If you don’t the fate of the entire world, the entire human population hangs in the balance.” Fury curls his one wing in toward his body. Everyone knows the story of Nicolas Fury, the Archangel who lost his wing, sacrificed his wing to save the little girl who would become one of the greatest of their lot.
Tony shifted some of the glass shards with his shoe toe. He really should call maintenance to come and clean up this mess and to haul the destroyed centrifuge away. “Karma?”
As Tony viewed the horror scene before him, the yearning for blood welled up inside of him as if his ethereal form craved the blood as well. Unmistakable. He found himself closing the distance between himself and Steve as he lay on the floor of the cell. His physical form clawed at Steve’s chest, then curled its finger bones around his arm. Steve awoke in a fugue, Tony saw the bleariness of his focus. He must have realized he was free from hanging from the ceiling, but he had no strength to move. The parasite on his chest nuzzled against him and Steve blinked several times as if trying to figure out what was going on. When he finally managed to peer down at his chest, Steve startled and attempted to scramble away but the creature, driven by the torture Tony had endured and hunger, lurched at him and struck him true. The fangs pierced Steve’s throat and sank deeply. The paralyzing agent hit, and Steve froze, his eyes open and staring at Tony’s wraith spirit, the pain clearly disturbing his expression.
“Maybe he’s playing into my hand.”  Tony turns away.
The young man turns to face Tony, his broad shoulders slump. “It’s a long time ago, Tony. I’m not him anymore. I’ll never be him again.”
“Might have read about it during school, but Brooklyn isn’t the kind of place a lot of wildlife flourishes you know. I still don’t know why anyone ever colonized there,” Steve says. “Probably the mines, but they dried out early.” He tears off some of the bread and spreads some of the brie on the warm bread. He sets it on plate with some grapes for Tony and starts working on some for himself. “It’s really a forsaken world. But I have to admit, I miss the sky.”
“Steve!” Tony holds him. “It’s him. It’s the Keeper. He’s trying to tangle your soul, keep you bound to him. You have to fight it! You have to fight! Hold onto me, Steve. Use me as your anchor.”
Steve flutters his eyelashes, feeling a little foolish but getting the effect right. “If you ask nicely, I might even agree to wearing a leather harness at some point.”
“What the actual fuck,” Tony said. People bumped into him, a nurse shoved him out of the triage bay, and he stumbled backward into the nursing station area which was no less busy. He glanced around the emergency room. His eyes felt grimy like he’d just walked through a sand storm. He rubbed at them, trying to focus, trying to gain ground on what the hell just happened. Dropping his hands, he caught sight of it- the mark- and staggered. He would have fallen if a nurse rushing by hadn’t knocked him forward enough that he had to switch his attention from his wrist to his feet.
“Whether you would be turned into a tomato faced skull?” Tony asks. He needs to joke now because the pit in his stomach grows.
“Maybe, maybe we should set up the bed?” Tony smiled up at Steve and he looked younger, almost innocent in his request. They, together, meant something to Tony and that made it all worth it to Steve.
Howard snatched the horn away and cracked it with his bare hands. “Get down off the bed and stop acting like a fool. Captain America is dead. Everyone knows that!”
