They also set out demon wards and devil’s traps as a precautionary measure. It’s highly unlikely that a demon would stray so close to angel territory, but Cas’ policy is that it’s always better to be safe than sorry, especially if you have the time.
“Just… with how long this place has been abandoned I— I was just thinking…” Jo trails off, most likely catching Cas’ fearful and panicked expression and realising her folly. “Never mind, it doesn’t matter.”
Dean wonders again if Cas can hear him as in his mind he pleads for more. Cas seems to be getting the message somehow as he slips his hand inside Dean’s shirt for a second, before immediately wanting it out of the way and dragging it up and off. Cas’ shirt requires more work given that it’s a button-down, but Dean gets it off.
The older Dean chuckles at his younger self.
lose,” Dean repeats, bitter. “
“I’ll come with you,” Cas adds, hopping up as well.
The sun is beating down just after noon, the towering ivory walls of the citadel offering no shade with sun directly overhead. Sam Winchester is dead, so Castiel is told. He wasn’t even there when it happened, and all he can do now is hope to God— no, not to God— just hope that it was quick, that Sam did not suffer as he had, had not been beaten and brutalised as Dean had.
“You know it, so I’ll be back for it when you’re done.”
“Whatcha looking at?” Dean asks, taking a seat opposite.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh,” Dean says, voice small. “Uh, you didn’t have to- I just get pissy in the morning sometimes.”
“Good,” Cas nodded. “Turn right here.”
It doesn’t.
As they get closer, Sam’s face lights up and he pulls his brother into an hug. Dean hangs back, just watching. There’s something about this older Sam, something about the way he moves that seems so much heavier than the Sam he knows. This Sam seems like he’s been broken down and stitched back together more than a few times.
“Yeah, that’s me,” Jo says, stumbling forward and raising a hand. “It’s great to be working with you, uh, sir. I’ve heard a lot about you, y’know, around.”
Dean mouth is perched open in shock. He’s sure now, this can’t be his universe. Not if he’s the one who’s settled down with a kid and
Sam nods and huffs out a long breath. “Okay, thanks, Cas.”
“Zachariah would gain nothing from sending 2005 Dean here,” Cas explains. “There’s no motive.”
“You’re an asshole.”
“You were never bothering me,” Dean insists. “If that’s the issue then don’t worry about it.”
“I don’t think anybody deserves to die,” Castiel says, dropping his hand from Dean’s in what could almost constitute an accidental handshake. “You should go, please,” Castiel says, voice low and sincere in his final plea.
Eventually, the two separate. They stare at each other, faces inches apart, sharing oxygen. “Do you… wanna go to my room?” Dean says, one thumb already tucked into the waistband of Cas’ pyjama pants.
“I know; it’s adorable,” Dean chuckled. “It’s fine he’s not gunna grow into a spoiled brat just because we let him have the cereal he likes sometimes.”
“Perhaps a few thousand years of angel training and you’d be fit to serve in the garrison,” he teases.
“Well you’ve had a bit of practice,” Cas says. “I think they say, ‘it gets better’.” Cas gives an exaggerated thumbs up.
“Goodbye, Dean,” he murmurs, before he leaves in silent shadow.
“Is that what you had on your prom night?” Dean jokes.
“My hands are clean!” Jack announced, seeming to just appear between them.
Tia, a tattooed, bespectacled brunette, leaned in eagerly. “Oh?”
“Jo, can you get that?” Victor asks, pointing to an angel blade, discarded to the side. Jo nods and grabs it. “Dean, you can deal with the body. Cas showed you the wards, right?” Dean nods and Victor then carries a despondent Cas out of the barn and back towards the house.
“Dean, I don’t want to leave you—”
Castiel’s eyes widen, and he pushes himself up a little. “I— Why would you—”
Dean tuts. Neither has moved their hands from the centre of the table. “You guys are so cute.”
of you.”
Dean sighs. The man is looking at him with wide, apologetic eyes. He looks like he’s about to cry, honestly. “It’s— yeah I get it, Cas, okay,” Dean says. He swallows. “I don’t think you’re a monster. It just took me by surprise, I guess. Things got heavy pretty fast.”
At best, considering his (partially earned) reputation in town, it’s likely that many would simply assume Sam’s sickness was all a part of some scam to get free stuff. At worst, people would be
Castiel reaches out to take the book as Dean offers it. “Thank you,” he says in that soft, earnest way of his. “I look forward to reading it.”
Cas is on watch when dawn eventually comes, the hours of the night passing slow with each tiresome tick of the wall mounted clock, pendulum swinging through the seconds and the minutes and the hours.
Sam turns to Dean with an inquisitive expression. “Oh?”
Tia sat back down. “Don’t tell me that’s library guy too?”
“It was alright.” Dean sits down at the table carrying the orange juice carton from the fridge. He then proceeds to back it all straight from the carton.
But it was raining here once. Dean is sure.
“There’s always the sofa,” Cas remarks.
“I don’t want to hurt them I just want to see them.”
the one who couldn’t take the heat back on the sofa and bailed.”
“Yes,” Cas says. “I’ll drive.”
“So you stay here until you’re fully recovered. And I’m not asking,” Bobby adds, stern but kind. “Hell, I just lost my boys, I could use the company,” he adds with a warble in his voice.
Sam is silent, his expression conflicted. “I— I don’t wanna leave him either, but—”
In the same vein, what mood does light cloud cover convey in the eyes of a human? To him, it’s a beautiful pattern to break up the monotony of the blue sky, and the motion is a constant reminder of the scale of this grand Earth, and the massive forces that move overhead, below and all around every day that make life possible. Castiel thinks he can ask Dean what he thinks, the next time he sees him.
Cas looked to his side and met Dean’s gaze, holding for a moment before-
“To this charge—”
“I thought there was nothing keeping me here anymore. So I was gunna just-” he bites back the words. “And then, I dunno I just passed out I guess. And when I came to, I didn’t really remember much, but I had this fuzzy feeling in my head. I thought I was just hungover, but it felt like there was the memory of a dream just out of reach. Every time I tried to remember it, it slipped further away. But it felt warm. Whatever it was, it felt hopeful, it felt like a reason to keep going. So I did. And the next day I hit the road and headed for Stanford.”
Dean’s heart is in his throat as he tries to form words. The only one that matters is, “Cas?”
Castiel frowns and searches Bobby’s stern expression. “I—” Castiel swallows. “I’m angry.”
It’s moments like these that Dean remembers why he keeps working despite the fact that the money he makes is barely a pittance. Helping people and fixing things; it’s the only part of his life that works. And when he’s here, his mind occupied with the methodical completion of the task at hand, it cannot wander through thoughts of what’s becoming more and more inevitable.
Castiel’s barely listening, he’s just feeling the weight of the book in his hands, the texture of its hard cover, the faint smell of paper and ink and linen. “I’m sure I will enjoy it,” Castiel says when Dean finally manages to stop himself from speaking.
“Good call,” Dean says, tossing the keys to Cas as he gets up. Despite his terrible aim sending them careening off nowhere near Cas, he manages to catch the keys one-handed. “Sorry, good catch,” Dean remarks.
Sam’s staring at him with furrowed brows while he’d been zoning out. “What? Yeah,” he says, indignant, while the pile of napkin shreds he’d just spent the last ten minutes tearing up betray his sentiment.
“It’s not just that,” Dean explains, licking his bottom lip as his eyes dart in Cas’ direction for a moment. “It’s also, you know, the bar, the not hunting, the- the kid. It’s everything, man. I’m an open-minded guy, you know; time travel? Sure. Angels? Might need some proof on that one, but after time travel? Okay, sure. And yeah, maybe there’s a universe out there where I’m… where I’m
“It won’t come out anyway; stain’s too deep.”
“What? You deferred to me because you can’t keep indulging him.”
Dean shifts into a sitting position. “Yeah, I thought that you might try to sneak off. Again. That was pretty fucking shitty, Cas.” Dean swallows. “But when I woke up and you were still here, I thought— I thought you were gunna stay.”
“Sam and Dean,” he chokes out. “They’re— they’re gone.”
“Yeah, yeah, you can sleep in the back on the drive home tomorrow, you earned it,” Dean dips his head and raises his bottle slightly in approval before taking a swig.
“I think I fell into a wine coma. I knew opening that last bottle was a bad idea.” Sam responds, groggy.
“Yeah, well, nobody’s ever recovered from blight that advanced before. For all we know this is just what happens.”
shirts, Dean.”
fifteen years. That’s… unprecedented.”
Eventually though, the sun is dipping down towards the horizon, the food’s all been picked off bit-by-bit, and the air’s begun to cool. Dean would love to stay here all night, never see that stupid town again, but Sam
Cas spins around. In the place of layered flannel there’s a dark blue knit sweater, adorned with a cable pattern, a little pilled and rough around the edges, but soft looking. “Um,” Cas casts his eyes down for a moment, looking for the source of Dean’s shock. “A sweater?”
“Because. Outside of Sam, you’re the only friend I got,” Dean returns, voice raised, impassioned.
Dean rests his head against the wall at his back and closes his eyes, feeling the soft sensation of Castiel’s lips, his tongue, and the gentle bite of his teeth. He could lose himself, even just like this, but his lips miss the attention, so he drags Castiel back up to plant a heavy one on him. With hands on Castiel’s hips, he walks them away from wall and he fumbles around for the door handle to get them into the bedroom.
The cabin is cool in the morning in a way that makes the air feel damp. Sleeping in the main room means Dean is awoken by the sounds of movement of those who have risen before him. Victor is already up in the kitchen preparing a breakfast for the four of them.
“Yeah, well, great to meet you Carol, see you around.” Dean said with a smile.
The blade hits the ground with a sharp clatter that echoes against the smooth marble floor and wall panels, Castiel’s eyes locked with Naomi’s in a steely, determined glare. Castiel brings his free hand now to cradle Dean’s face in both, passing a warm healing light over him, the blood fading, the cuts closing, the bruises clearing. “You know I could never,” he murmurs to only Dean.
Like this, Castiel doesn’t notice the figure advancing on him until it’s almost too late for counter-attack. On instinct he flies forward and with a grab and a twist he presses his would-be assailant into the cool white brick. Then, everything sharpens, his world coming into focus.
Despite their agreement, they were still glued to the spot, hands still locked together.
Missouri shakes her head. “Don’t be ridiculous, boy. You don’t have to do anything to earn your welcome here.”
“That many suggests they know we’re close,” Castiel states. “It won’t take them long to find us here.”
“Psh,” Dean dismisses as casually as he can. “Ain’t no thing. So did you, uh, did you read the other one I gave you?”
Every movement his older self makes seems deliberate, so relaxed, it’s hard to believe it’s really him. He’d never really believed the idea that people just naturally come into themselves as they get older. It always seemed like the same lies people would tell you about high school being the best years of your life, or that everybody finds love in their 20s. But then, Dean was here looking at living proof that one day that tension in his shoulders would melt away, that fear that accompanied every decision would disappear. Or maybe he just learned how to fake it.
Dean push himself upright, disrupting Jack’s comfy nook. Not that Jack seemed to mind. Castiel lay on his front, still snoozing despite his Dean-shaped body pillow having since moved out from under him. “Wake your dad up, will you?” Dean asked as he slid out of bed into his slippers and made for the bathroom.
“He is a fine soldier. Very… nice hair,” Castiel says. Dean rises to his feet, bracing himself against the wall and still stumbling on the up. “Are you going to be alright to get back?”
“Speaking of time,” Dean cut in. “You staying for lunch?”
Jo swallows. “Uh, sort of, not really,” she explains with a hand wave. “My mom took Dean in when he was a baby. So we’re sort of like adopted siblings I guess.”
“Very well,” Azrael says, voice and eyes turning dark. “Then for the offence of collusion with demonic forces I sentence you, Dean Winchester, Sam Winchester, to death.”
The guilt has not faded, but rather morphed into fact. The fact of Castiel’s continued existence in the form he now takes. There is no life after that, only existence. Still, existing here in Bobby’s house even is far too close to a life. Certainly Bobby doesn’t need him here, and as much as he may be (shockingly) too polite to say it, Castiel suspects that he doesn’t really want him here either.
“If she were the angels wouldn’t hide it; her disappearance is something that they are deeply ashamed of. Her capture and execution would be a point of pride.”
Gently, Castiel helps Sam to his feet and leads him away into an armchair in the living room, away from the tension of the kitchen.
Castiel nods. “I see. If you don’t mind me asking, how long was Sam sick?”
Dean barely knows what he’s doing, his brain can’t keep up as he pushes their faces closer, as he rubs his thumbs in circles on Cas’ jaw. That apprehensive voice in his head that always tells him to stop, to pull away, to deny, deny, deny has been growing quieter with each passing day until now when it’s completely silenced. It’s drowned out by the vague, desperate notions of want and desire that compel him to pull Cas closer, to make the kiss deeper.
the one still hunting. Dean wants to ask more questions, he wants to know everything that went down to lead to this unfathomable outcome, but he doesn’t. Somehow his own future self doesn’t quite seem as inviting to question as Cas does. He could tell when he spoke to his last night that Cas loves him, even if he’s not his Dean. But future Dean looks at him like he’s yesterday’s disappointment. He supposes that that’s exactly what he is.
Jo blows out some air in a dramatic huff. “Okay, Debbie downer. Go shower and cry about it in there where I don’t have to hear you.”
Castiel takes a sip, wipes his mouth, then passes the bottle back to Dean. He raises one skeptical eyebrow. “I don’t know about that,” he says, his tone more up and down and expressive than he’s used to. God, this stuff is actually getting to him. “It’s not like angels haven’t been known to… fraternise.”
Sam nods. The older Dean places a hand on Cas’ shoulder and gives him a firm look.
“Yeah, ‘cause he’s a self sacrificial idiot. Remind you of anyone?” Dean works his jaw. “I can’t even look at any of you right now.”
He slips through the backroads and comes up to the familiar back door. It’s open, unlocked and discarded. He enters the place. The house is turned upside down, drawers pulled out and their contents thrown to the floor, cabinets left wide open and cupboards raided. Nothing’s been taken, though. There’s a wallet with a paltry amount of cash stashed in it left untouched atop the kitchen counter, and various well-kept tools left in a messy heap in the corner. This was no robbery, but the work of angels on the hunt.
“So you would be totally fine with that waitress believing that we were a couple? And going home from her shift today believing that to be the case, never to be corrected?”
“Damn right.” Bobby places a hand at Castiel’s shoulder. “Me too, kid. Come with me.” Bobby beckons him out and leads him downstairs and through to the back yard. There’s a metal brazier placed there, filled with a mess of red fabric. As Castiel gets closer, he sees a metal clasp in the heap— it’s his bloodied angel’s robes.
“2021,” older Dean answers.
“Yes, I thought you looked peaceful, I didn’t want to wake you.”
As they settle down around the fire, Sam turns to Castiel. “So, Cas, how much further?”
Dean’s expression softens. “Yeah, that’d be good, thanks Cas.”
,” he says with emphasis. “Not that I got anything against the suit and trenchcoat, but you’re a human now, you gotta join us down here in the muck, be a little bit more like normal a dude, down-to-earth.”
Dean sputters as he inhales some saliva. “What did you say?”
“Is that tomato soup?” Dean rasps, his throat dry and scratchy.
Cas runs his hands down his face and lets out a lengthy exhale, letting go of his lingering thoughts and pasting on his brave face. “Yes,” he replies, pushing himself up, checking for his blade as he always does, and heading out of the tent.
“No, yeah, I feel good,” Sam corrects.
Dean demolishes his breakfast muffin in less than a minute, the speed of such rapid consumption meaning he wasn’t the most precise - his first real mistake of the day. Cas wipes a thumb over the corner of Dean’s mouth to catch a splash of sauce. He pauses for a moment, his cool eyes locked with Dean’s panicked ones, as he deliberates whose mouth to put it in. He plays it safe and licks the sauce of his own thumb with a low hum.
“You let go a little earlier than me.” Dean teased.
He pulls back, but then the vamp’s head drops and rolls onto the floor, it’s body drops in a heap, revealing Castiel standing firm, blade arm raised steady. Cas’ gaze is steely, blood spattered from his neck to all the way down his shirt, painted in red. Grace or no grace; Cas is a fearsome warrior and then some.
“Yes,” Cas says simply. Victor, still attentive to his task, shakes his head.
“You should get back. If you get back too late the angels on patrol may become sispishi— sus-pi-cious.”
The double doors swing open and there, flanked by an angel either side, is Dean. “No,” Castiel mutters. He turns desperately to Naomi. “Why is he here?” he demands. He is decidedly ignored by Naomi, a nearby angel holding an arm in front of him, keeping him in his place.
“I know, I know.” Rachel shrugs, shrinking somewhat from her earlier excitement. “I’m still working up to it, but if I see him again I swear I will.”
“If we’re really gunna die, I should probably tell you that I told Sarah Cole that I would go out with her if she went to the dance with you and that’s why she asked you.”
“I banished them,” Castiel explains, voice low and shaky. “They— they won’t be back for a while, but they
“Heh, my shirts have had far worse than egg on ‘em, trust me.”
Castiel leads them onward through the dense thicket. The rain is still relatively light, but heavy enough to sink into the fabric of their clothing, leaving it cold and heavy against the skin. They keep pace with Castiel if only to muster enough warmth to compensate.
“You two have caused me nothing but pain for ten years,” Sam says, shaking his head. “It was bad enough when you-” Sam’s cut off by his ringing phone. Thankful for the out, he picks up the call the second he can. “Hey Jody,” Sam sighs in relief. “Yeah, shoot… uh yeah I’d say that sounds like a rugaru… Yeah that’ll do it… No yeah it has been a while… Well Cas, Dean and me are all heading back from a case right now, we’ll probably be passing through Sioux Falls-”
Cas is biting his nails again, an uncouth habit he’d picked up in his first few months of semi-humanity, and managed to drop in the years since. Victor tries to psych up Dean and Jo in his stead, but in truth he’s just not as good at it. Victor is all business, for the most part. And when he’s not, he’s casual and jovial. He doesn’t quite nail earnest and sincere the way that Cas does.
“Holy crap,” Sam breathes. “Where have you been all our lives?”
(See the end of the chapter for
tall, maybe six foot? But still - tall. Anyway, he came in on Thursday morning and he actually made conversation with me. When he got up to the counter he gestured up to the menu and was like ‘I don’t know what half these things mean’. And I just laughed really nervously; it was so embarrassing. His smile was so pretty, you guys, I just melted. Then he said ‘Cas is the one who knows about all this stuff, I can’t keep up, you know, coffee is coffee.’
See on
Sufficiently bored of teasing his brother and eager to get back to his own
idea.”
Dean’s eyes shift down to stare at the swirling streaks of chocolate dance around in his mug, unable to look his future in the eyes any longer. “Right,” he says quietly to himself, almost in a whisper.
“Yeah,” older Dean states casually, before seeming to realise himself. “Yeah, that whole mess blows over.”
“Awesome.” Dean nodded. Despite typically being effortlessly charismatic, Dean definitely felt out of his depth; he was simply not accustomed to the rules and decorum required in scenarios like these.
He pulls out that stupid jacket, his eyes hesitant to follow up the sleeve to the shoulder. He sees it. The blood marking him deserving, worthy of being saved. It’s just a taunt. It’s a reminder that loving Dean Winchester ends in blood. Fuck. It has to go.
Castiel is careful all the way to Bobby’s. He takes the same back roads he had taken before, if anything to avoid terrifying the civilian populations with his bloody, beaten appearance.
“Apologies,” Cas says, withdrawing his hand. As he glances over, Dean notices Cas sporting a small pout, bitter at being bested. A glance in the rearview mirror and he sees Sam smiling at the two of them instead of minding his business and looking away respectfully.
Jo shakes her head, but Dean is biting his lip, arms folded, and staring down at the map in thought. Ultimately though, he shakes his head.
“Oh God, good things I hope,” Jo adds, a recognisable nervous flutter in her voice.
Castiel is taken aback, expected to regale his tale of shame and failure as a heroic tale of adventure. “I had many disagreements with my superiors about their priorities. In battle there are often hard choices to be made, but I believe the right choice will always be the one that places the value of a life above the value of a victory.”
“Our strategy is to avoid them for the most part. But where we can’t, yes, we need to be smarter than attempting to take them head on,” Cas shoots back with confidence that can only be born from experience.
It’s getting harder and harder to lift his feet. He hasn’t stopped bleeding from the wounds at his back and he’s starting to feel lightheaded, especially as the setting sun sits at eye-level, attacking him with it’s searing light. His legs might give out at any moment, but still he continues on.
curious as to how a dying man makes a full recovery from a death sentence in record time.
And then he sees them. Carried off by a pair of angels, blood-streaked but instantly recognisable by the iridescence against the inky black of the feathers.
“Woah, woah, okay,” Victor cuts in. “Let’s cool it, alright. We can save the ethics debate for later, we got work to do.” He turns to Dean. “You warded the body?”
Dean licked his lips and started rolling his wedding band around his finger as he was put in the not unusual bet never pleasant situation of having to correct someone to explain himself.
“Mm-hmm.”
“He did.”
The time he spent awake between bouts of sleep is equally hazy. All he can remember with any sense of clarity is that every time he’d awoken, he’d turned to his side, reached out into the empty sheets. Just in case. But he was alone the whole night. He remembers the drop of his stomach every time that realisation hit.
messed up. I mean, do you have a crush on this guy, or what?”
With a beat, they’re up and into the air. Dean understands what Castiel meant by ‘hold on to your lunch’— the force of the upwards thrust is jarring and dizzying. The wind batters them head on as Castiel pushes his way through the air. Part of him just wants to bury his face in Castiel’s chest, but the part of him that enjoys the exhilaration wins out. The view is like nothing he’s ever experienced. Everything seems to small from up here. It’s no wonder really that angels see humans the way they do.
“Yeah, ‘easiest money you ever made’, huh? Bet you didn’t expect me to be able to beat you at your own game.”
“Oh,” Jody chirps, shocked, but seemingly not all that surprised. “Well about time. Congrats. You boys hungry?”
“Not losing,” he mumbles, starting to realise that the wine he’s drunk has affected him more than he thought. Who would have thought a girl’s drink had such high alcohol content. “’S nice,” he adds quietly.
Still even crappy watered down beer is a welcome sight after the week he’s had. After three days tracking a pack of rogue demons, when he and Jo and the others finally caught up to them they were halfway through sacrificing a group of six people— a family. It was messy, miserable and most definitely calls for a heavy drowning of sorrows.
With no alarm nor natural light to rouse him, it’s coming up to 11am when Dean wakes up. As expected of such an hour, the kitchen is empty when he gets there, with Sam long since breakfasted. A part of him had hoped that in his little domestic fantasy simulation he would have had Cas waiting for him with a fresh cup of coffee. But no dice, apparently.
Cas gave a thumbs up and turned to Jack, whose hands were absolutely
“So, when can I see you again?” Dean wants to ask. But he doesn’t. He swallows the words down heavy and thick. “Are you gunna be okay?” he asks instead.
“God you said it again,” Dean breathes to himself, leaning forward to brace after the gut punch.
Movement in the corner of the reflection spins him around. Shining light on a still body, blood dried and caked onto her forehead, disorientated brown eyes squinting against him. Shit.
"Not quite. He moved here with his wife, twenty years ago. That's a long time to sit and stew about all the people who could've helped him." He thumbs his ring, moving on. "But all his competitors and old colleagues are doing fine -
Dude thinks he's a trucker. Dean shifts his head, amused. What he wouldn't give to drive coast to coast, now that he supposedly could.
Miracle senses a change, standing with his tail thumping the back seat. "Come on buddy." Dean chants, rattling the dogs' collar around as he gives a good scratch. "Sammy's gonna take you on a walk with those freakish legs." Rounding the car, he hears Dean mumble through a kiss to the dogs head, "Aim for the kneecaps if he speeds up."
Instantly its' putrid mouth closes around Deans' forearm, incisors sharp and piercing through his skin. Pain lances up, it's decaying fingertips clinging on - instinctively he shoves with his elbow, going for the gut, pulling his arm away from its' jaws.
They say the grass is greener on the other side, but nobody told him about the terrifying rushing water below or the rickety rails of the bridge.
He'd gotten more protection sigils after everything with Chuck went down, just in case, so now his scarred arms were hilly hues of blue-green. Turns out one of Sams' network used to ink up hunters all the time and didn't mind the freebie for Dean.
When walking back to the motel, he couldn't stop his own enthusiasm, telling Dean everything even if his exhausted brother never really got it. He'd nod along, listening with love.
She startles, hand fluttering on her chest and brown eyes stare widely at him in panic.
putting that son of a bitch in the ground. His fingertips catch on the lines, spanning the length of the mirror.
"That kid…" He shares a look of commiseration with his smudged self. The door clicks closed and he snips the thread. It's silent when he clatters the scissors down on the porcelain sink.
"They might wish they hadn't." Dean mutters, flooring it through the mist.
Breathlessly he answers the call, the third ring just breaking. "Sir?" He clears his wrecked voice, haze fading as he listens for orders.
"... yeah, okay." Sam says, smiling at the stars that spark like spotlights. Dean claps his hands, proud of a job well done.
"With that all said, I'll leave you to experiment on your own up here." And just maybe, he'd explode. "Your
"This wasn't enough?" Claire laughs, pointing her drink around at the unwrapped presents and cake claiming she was having a,
It doesn't take long for Gunner to find him, leaning inside the entrance with a smile like he hit a home-run.
Black beast, pouring smoke from its' metal lungs, the Impala lays in wait for them.
store patrons - a hike and a half away from earning that title - wouldn't speak more than necessary to Dean, his tattoos visible when he'd carried a beer six-pack. Still, they lurked on porches and disappeared inside if he turned their way.
Sam draws in his legs, climbing to wedge himself into the footspace before the backseat. The piping of the Impala digs into his sides uncomfortably and his head catches painfully on metal, as John rests along the drivers' seat.
Gone is the act, genuine affection pouring through Cas’ words - that shuts him right up. Only his angel could find Dean holding a razor to his throat, and think himself lucky to have a personal barber.
The crowd in the hall was starting to dissipate, though he sees Avery hesitantly hug her cousin, close to crying. He should head back to the car, if it hadn't ripped off into the night already.
Eventually the gleam dims although the touch lingers, a flash of unholy blue in his pupils. "It's worth it." Cas promises, skimming his shoulder where a healed inked enochian symbol settled over an old handprint scar.
"Guns down." The lady in question demands, striding in front of the barrels, forcing them to point at the ground when they didn't comply fast enough. "In the kitchen, I'll explain there." Short and sharp, the hunters glance guiltily before being on their way.
He slumps, staring past the rain splattered tarmac where stagelights dance over puddles in purples and blues. The storm clouds soak them through, enough that his tear-stained shirt turns transparent.
He should drag the deadweight out to the car, check if Sammy's sleeping. He thumbs the empty beer label, flaking it away. It’s just - he hadn't been with anyone for a few towns now. No skirt, and shirt was a rarer indulgence. The bars crowd such that if he and Gunner cooped up in the cubicles for a bit, it wouldn't rock the boat. His shoulders drop, deciding to give it a go.
"A woman, unburned by the flames." Daryn whispers, clinching his gown tighter to him. "I swear, she was blocking my escape." He grows more animated, pointing to where she supposedly appeared, not a foot from them. "It's only when my husband arrived that the fire stopped."
but then his gaze slides to the goth girl. Right, his cousin. He was probably more scared for her up here in the dark, than his sister shining under the lights.
"Sorry." He offers, about to turn away when he catches sight of tomorrow's headline.
"I left my glasses inside, sorry dear. Are you here for the play?"
"Sammy." Dean calls across the space and no, he doesn't want to hear it. The lights inside the hall beckons and he runs.
She smacks her lips, giving him an approving look.
"No, Dean, we were talking!"
"So what, someone flirts with you, just jump into talking about Eileen?"
He forces a smile. "I'll go and grab them."
"Yeah, left him in the sun too long." Dean smiles fondly, resisting the urge to fell him from his precarious position.
. Ever, I don't think."
"You nearly chopped off my damn head." Dad reprimands coldly and yeah, he's fine, shouldering past and making him swallow the apology crawling pitifully up his throat.
Sam lances the thread through the needle. "I told her the truth, then she returned the favor."
"Because it's Cas."
"What if I was thinking you don't mind a guy chatting you up?" Gunners' voice bats lower, making him swallow his smoke.
Dean holds his eyes then wipes his lips with a napkin, leaning forward. "It's different for us."
He swings his light down over the mirror and that's when he notices, the beam only catches on frames and smudges. None of the mirrors have reflections. Looking closer, some of these streaks were intense, peach-coloured blurs, outlines of hair and features lost in distortion. He runs a hand over scratches in the wood, matching older names of the vanished - their smudges like fingerprints, faint and flickering, a fading pulse.
"It's shaving foam." He tugs Cas' hand closer so it wraps around the can, whispering,
It's not the next town. They don't stay long enough to learn their teachers' names.
It's not the worst thing in the world, to be known by Cas.
"That's our new haunt. It's got a bunch of after school stuff, all the nerdy crap you like." He stares at nothing but a brick building. "Classes are about thirty students, so you're bound to annoy one into liking you."
- big company in boring cities. Recession hits and the whole company takes a dive, downsizing and downsizing until it's a one man brand."
The baseball dugouts aren't all that special but they shelter him from the rain as he smokes, the added bonus of watching a free practice game. He remembers rhythmic thuds of returning a baseball at Bobbys, of frantically bashing in a monster head with a shaky cry for almost touching Sammy.
"Do you," He tips his head, unsure. He'd grown attached to dark hair and unsettling eyes that could pin him still - but he loved
"I wasn't a burglar." Cas grumbles, making him laugh. "I was quite a rude house guest though." Intruding, tracking bloody footprints as he hulked against walls that could not contain him.
"Matt says there's a mist coming in heavy on the roads. Might want to switch your headlights on early." He drawls as Dean scrubs soapy hands in the sink, wondering why this guy is warning him - until he glimpses in the grimy reflection, blue jeans and red flannel.
"Nice place." He agrees on the move, bringing down mugs. "Got this fixer-upper fresh out of
The sudden sensations shock her focus to him. "
Glancing up into the mirror, his whole body singles down into one alert line, staring into a pitiless pair of milky white eyes in a warped face. Skin, sickly pale and bitten through with harsh red crescents, all types of nasty internal shit streaming out of the severe cuts.
"They've got loads of lights. Sammys’ got control of the switches, so if we can -"
Sam slings his canvas bag over one shoulder, leaning down to listen to an excited Eileen over a detailed run-down of the hunting networks' progress. He holds her hand, almost as an after thought.
"We've got one more surprise for you." Dean drums on the table, excited murmurings building in the bunker kitchen between family and friends.
, what are you doing in Marks' cabin?" An inquiring voice calls to them from outside. A woman with warm tan skin, wrapped in fewer layers than them but comfortable with the cold, waits for an answer. The mist moves black hair across her curious brown eyes.
He thinks this, aware he's being beautifully played, swiping white foam over the missed patches. "You," He dips the razor into the water. "Are a lucky son of a bitch. Anyone else pulling this schtick would be out on their ass."
hovers over him.
Aldanas' weight stops him from properly fighting this thing, and his priority right now is getting her safe. If they can get to the door - the creature lunges for his neck and he manages to jam his shoulder up in time, grunting when it chomps down.
. "Do you want to build a new home? Y'know, in there." He taps a finger to a suited chest, receiving a fond look.
Guiltily he grabs Gunner and kisses with every trick in the damn book, sick knowing the stakes, but when he breaks away all he sees is a starstruck soldier.
"Aw, scared to lose me?" Dean mocks, moving to tangle their ringed fingers.
Dean sees it now, terrified brown eyes begging forgiveness from her sister.
"You, uh." His throat catches, hating goodbyes, whispering words into the kiss he leaves on his cheek. "Have a nice life."
what-"
"Theatre club."
"Sam." Dean draws his attention gently with his full name. "It's in the car."
"No, only ours. I wasn't sure what the station wanted public." He says, turning his ring until his husband links their hands.
"Huh." Sam sounds fascinated, staring down the road ending in a huge brick school and shrubby dead plants.
"This is your new home!" Mrs Parrish trills, throwing open the lighting booth door. Two swivel chairs look out through a flimsy plex-window to the stage, surrounded by switches and buttons. The whole room hums with electricity about to snap and cause a fire, thrumming through the metal filing cabinets crammed inside.
"No lights on." Dean notes, beating his fist on the door. He feels a bit guilty when a wide-eyed greying woman opens up, her bony fingers curling cautiously. "Hey there, we're Reeds Repairs."
He huffs at the clear lie. "All you've done is doodle dogbones and circles." Or they could be dicks and halos, the drawing's so crude he can't tell.
"Dude, tentacles aren't going to start flying out at us." He pitches dryly and his brother riles up defensively.
Alone, he doesn't trust his reflection.
not sure when the next update will be, but have a happy new year and stay safe all <3
Needles of ice draw bumps to his skin, chilling his veins and pulse, a reflective urge to check his shadow.
"What's this?" Cas asks incredibly serious, crowding Dean against the counter as he points to shaving foam. He looks in the mirror until blue meets green, amused with this bullshit act. Sure, he'd treat Cas like he never read
The memory comes back like a jolt of electricity, shuttering on a distant past. "I think I knew her." Daryn turns now to him, hands clasped in delight, as the faded scenes return. "And her cousin, Scarlet, I used to go to
"We don't have any spare clothes on us." Sam reminds as he scrambles out of the cables.
"I mean." Sam sits silently, letting the dripping creaking surroundings speak for him. They watch a splatter land directly on their map of the town, darkening the lake until it bores a hole through to the table.
Turning, he leans back on the map table, not enough energy to restrain himself from checking Cas over. Dark scruff had grown in, just a few weeks without shaving made his shadow more permanent. Curls of black hair around his ears where it was growing out, that his fingers twitch to tangle in. He leaves the best for last, letting himself be anointed by adoring blue eyes.
He shifts closer, working gently with the blade, until his arm rests across Cas' shoulders and his waist feels feather-light fingertips.
They were so close to home - he has to hold firm that it hadn't.
Wisps of white mist curl off the lake, cold bursts sending shivers across the surface and down their spines. Supported by stilts near the dark body of water is the Tarn house, held over marshy ground that sinks their steps as they march forward.
up next: old flames
"Today from four until six, my sister thinks she's a starlet up on that stage." Said without sarcasm, all but bursting with pride. With the women he'd seen at the bar, he's sure anything but broken glass shining in that house is rare.
the mirrors?
"Kicked out the original owners." Gunner grins like he should know what that means. He tenses, because no matter how much he tried to forget Gunner and his life, of course it was still there, buried under a trapdoor.
Deans' easy to spot, grinning at the waitress over a plate of pie.
"It got put out - my husband is a firefighter." Daryn drinks, considering them over the rim. "Which town did you say you were reporting for?"
"No, it always feels a cough away from annihilation in here." She huffs, pointing down to the stage where Scarlet was reading her lines. "The hexes are for her."
The thunderous feat of nature pelts down precarious rockside, plunging into a vast lake surrounded by viridian pines, swaying boats upon the surface. Beneath their tires, twigs and leaves crunch consistently, a welcoming chorus as they roll up to their rental house.
They return to the car blended into the shade, Sam splashing water into a travel bowl, shaking his head in disbelief as droplets land on the leather seat. "We're lucky to have you." He scritches behind Miracles' floppy ears while he laps up his drink. "I wanted a dog so long on the road - kind of kismet that Dean found you."
Sam smiles as he always does, learning the town bullies and sweethearts. Didn't they know, once you left, these things didn't matter?
And damn it, that's
"I'm glad someone is investigating these fires - it's been a big hit to my team. Even if we weren't the station handling those calls, it's the knowing that hurts." Gunner talks in his new slow drawl, turning on the coffee machine.
5hr ago
2hr ago
"Your sister went missing?" Dean scans the torch over the mirrors through the mist again, but she shakes her head, hair sticking in the mud.
. Those were Dad's instructions but nowadays Dean heard it as,
It slips in her grasp, unsure. "I hurt those people."
"It is, Sammy. You and Eileen, you're both human-" It's so off center to their conversation that he cuts back in.
"Yeah, it's a nasty piece of work. Unless you want to match, I suggest scramming." He's checking over their shoulders, twisting the blade in his hand.
He starts a steady stream of speech, as she catches her breath. "How in the hell did you end up under a shelf in a basement? I got the sense you were nosing around the disappearances, but this extreme is something new."
with the fires.
The burgundy evening sky sparks with early stars, whispers of wind pushing through tree branches, slowly burning down Deans' cigarette. He's smoking so he doesn't do something stupid, like slip his fingers through Cas'.
They stay in the moment before he sums the courage to cut the call. "Yeah, yeah." He hangs up, crushing the stub of smoke under his boot, hands chilly and clenching as he heads back to Baby.
No way fate decided to fuck him over like this. He feels Sam side-eyeing him hard, because he can tell Deans' discovered something that's going to make their life, hell. He shifts subtly, like he wasn't getting smashed in the skull, submerged in sickening memories of their past. Some fuckin' Oasis.
"Lot of cuts, lots of enemies." Sam muses but he holds him off that thought path.
The moaning had petered off into a sad, self soothing mumble.
“No, Sam - it’s not like that. Dad’s on his way so just, go on with the show. I’ve got a buddy in the hall making sure nobody misses a thing.” The coded words clench Sams’ jaw, because Dad wouldn’t come to their school unless the monster was here.
“Yeah, but Jody could come in,” Dean explains, eyes half closed. “Gotta keep up the façade, or one of us pays up. And it ain’t gunna be me.”
Dean’s eyes flick back open at the sound of the door crashing open.
“The answer’s no, Cas. You really think we’d be safer without you? I mean, none of us stand a chance against angels, but you could. Don’t you think we’d be better off together?” Dean argues. Sam nods his head in consideration.
Sam raises his eyebrows. “Yeah, I’m not blind you know. I had a lot of fun at our little picnic, but I definitely felt like I was interrupting something half the time.”
Castiel nods. “I was. Quite a good one, if I do say so myself.”
Dean.” Dean remains steadfast. “Just give me something small.”
Dean draws in a breath through his nose and nods. “Guess we’d better go then,” he says, the finality of it dawning on them all.
Cas chucked as Dean grimaced at the mention of a wine list.
Dean frowns. He sees Sam against the opposite wall looking equally perplexed. “The hell are you talking about?”
“Okay, can you go wash your hands?”
Dean doesn’t know what he wants outside of wanting Castiel to stay. It’s a desperate, selfish want. In this moment he couldn’t care less about heaven and earth, about demons, about war, the apocalypse, eternal damnation. He just wants what he’s always wanted, what for a fleeting moment he thought he might have had; a family, belonging, understanding and acceptance.
Castiel levels an unimpressed glare in Dean’s direction. “I don’t have a tail.”
Dean levels a look at Sam before pressing on, “He gave me something,” Dean shows Sam the vial. “He said it’s grace, his own grace. He said it can heal you.”
“Yep.”
“And that’s without a break, right? Day and night? All by yourself?”
Dean slumps over the table. “Yeah, I know…” he says, running his hands over his face in a weary defeat.
The two of them get lost in it, hungry and hazy and a blissful eternity passes in just a few minutes. When Dean eventually pulls back for breath, Castiel is sore for the loss of Dean’s lips. Even under the moon’s paltry glow, Castiel can see how Dean’s lips have reddened. They’ve also somehow ended up semi-horizontal in a pretty awkward position no matter how you look at it.
“Just release it near to your brother, it obeys my will and I have willed it to heal him,” Castiel explains. He reaches out to grab Dean’s forearm, making a harsh line of eye-contact. “I did not help you. Do you understand?”
The other three immediately started craning their necks, very obviously, to get a good look. There at the bar seeming to be ordering a pair of drinks was hunter, husband, and father; Dean Winchester.
Cas lead Dean along until they turned into… the parking lot of a burger joint.
in-love with you, but I do have a modicum of self respect.”
“No, yeah, I’m fine,” Dean says, casual as he can.
Dean rolls his eyes, but it’s not worth it to shove him off. There’s no need for Cas to be pushing right this second since there’s nobody else around. But then, that significantly lessens the itch to protest as well. So Dean continues preparing breakfast, dragging Cas along behind him like a human-, or angel-shaped cape.
And with that he plunges the blade into Efram’s gut, the life fading from him in a brilliant flash of white.
Naomi’s irritation is short lived however, as her expression turns giddy behind the eyes. “The sixth charge if you please, Esme.”
Sam’s in the backseat before Dean gets a chance to warn Cas to keep his hands to himself, leaving his only available option a stern leading look, which Cas will inevitably ignore - the guy’s determined.
“Noted,” Dean nods. He surveys the angel before him— his posture is proper; poised and firm; but his face is soft even as it’s screwed up in indignation. “Well, uh—” The angel’s gaze in unflinching and simultaneously transfixing and terrifying. “As you were.” With a backwards step and a slight stumble, Dean retreats back into the trees, all the while Castiel watching him leave.
“No, he’s right, his aim sucks,” Jo adds. “I’ve tried to teach him, but he just can’t get it.”
“Well this one did,” Dean says, mouth full. “Maybe they’re not all bad, I dunno.”
“I didn’t want her to tell Claire. After everything she’s been through, because of me, I couldn’t let that happen.”
“Whatcha got there?” Dean asks as he slides into a chair opposite, beer in hand.
Dean shrugs. “Out,” he answers simply. “He’s, uh, enjoying his health.”
Cas, comforting Jack all the while, cleaning up his scraped knee and placed a band-aid over the broken skin. Jack’s eyes were still wet with tears and he was still whimpering. “Hey, come on, it’s not so bad. Here,” Cas reassured as he wiped the tears of Jack’s cheek with his thumbs, then pressed a kiss to his knee. “Better?”
crack,” Cas adds with a pang of cockiness. “But yes, essentially.”
With his attention divided, the hammer slips and he bashes his thumb with a heavy force. “Ah, crap,” he exclaims, the hammer clattering to the ground as he hisses and curses at his reddening thumb.
“I would like some, thank you.” Cas replies. He slips over to the kitchen table as Dean plates up his eggs and bacon and plops them before Cas, followed up by a coffee.
“It was a flirtation by way of innuendo,” Cas says, innocent. Not that fucking innocent, though, is he? “Couples flirt with one another.”
Dean levels Cas with an unimpressed look. “Dude,” he says, flat. “Practice what you preach. ‘Sides, you’re the one who has the most experience going up against angels, we need you at your best.”
“You don’t think they’re here, do you? I mean, do you think someone would invite demons into our town?” Stephen rambles, his eyes darting between his fidgeting hands and Dean, who he eyes with mistrust.
He walks slowly once he’s a fair distance from the citadel’s white wall. In the distance the lights of the town flicker just barely, their light bright and warm, yet less inviting than the cool glimmer of the moon against the backdrop of the cosmos.
“There’s vegetables in a burger,” Dean states emphatically.
“Dude,” Sam scolds.
Cas is Dean’s guide, carrying half his drunken weight along to his bedroom. With Cas’ help he deposits himself onto his bed. He lays there on his bed, on his back staring at the ceiling, lamenting the one, two, three, maybe four rounds too many past the point of stability. He’s lucky he has Cas tonight to carry him home, he thinks. He should tell him that.
“It’s not…”
“Jeez. What’d the trees do to you?” he comments wryly as he approaches slowly from the house.
Cas flicks on the light and busies himself setting up mugs and getting the kettle boiling. Dean sits down at the table, feeling oddly juvenile yet again as he sits and waits for his hot chocolate.
Dean grips the edge of the counter and purses his lips like a spoilt child. “So you’d rather look like a middle-aged dad at a book fair?” There’s a clink of china on the counter as Cas sets a plate of cooked breakfast in front of Dean without a word. Dean meets Cas’ eyes which are narrowed in irritation. “Thanks.”
“I don’t know, maybe. Cas got the information we needed though, so, yeah I dunno.” Jo shrugs and moves to pat the horses.
But in all this, Castiel is quickly overwhelmed. He only has the one blade and very quickly both he and the Winchesters are apprehended as several angels pile on top of him, forcing the blade from his hand and pushing him down to his knees, into the waterlogged dirt.
me,” Dean says, voice harsh and
“I hate you.”
“I’m starving,” Dean states into the stale air while Cas struggles with the dodgy tape deck. “There’s a diner in a few miles, how ‘bout some lunch?”
The drive was quiet, with Dean mostly stewing in anxiety, which then lead on to guilt that he didn’t trust Castiel enough, which lead to more anxiety that he was being noticeably weird. Of course, he was, and Cas didn’t miss a beat in saying,
“What the hell, Cas? When did you decide this?” Dean asks, sharp toned and upset.
“And don’t tell me you got lost. I am no fool, unlike you it would seem. I told you the penalty for trespass, yet you return here after I spared you once again.” Castiel unsheathes his blade and grips it tight in his free hand.
Cas was by his side in an instant as Jack began to cry out.
Older Dean bites his lip, a habit he apparently hadn’t dropped from his youth. “Yeah, I dunno,” he admits. “When the angel who zapped me made his point he came and zapped me back.”
“I don’t want to put you in any more danger. I’ve already done enough.”
“Hey, it’s fine dude. That’s just how this game works. And I’m not backing out unless you are. I’m winning this thing.”
“But there’s still monsters?”
“Don’t stop on my account.”
“Do not say that,” the older Dean warns with a pointed finger. “Seriously, weirds me out. Gives me fucked up déjà vu.”
Fuck.
“Yeah, sure,” is all Dean can muster in response.
So then, perhaps the passivity is its own defence mechanism. Perhaps, the path of least resistance is quite literally the least possible resistance. If demons want to get at the citadel, go on through! If angel’s want this place, they’ll clear out, no problem.
“Is that what you really think? That we can’t help?” Cas tilts his head, unsettling Dean a little with how weirdly alien this guy seems, and that’s before he considers the fact that the guy was just waiting by the door to catch him escaping. Cas doesn’t wait for Dean to answer his question, “Sit with me, have a coffee. Or can I tempt you with a hot chocolate?”
“I was thinking,” Dean says, breaking the comfortable silence. “About how I couldn’t remember any of this,” he continues.
“You can’t prove that.”
I'd say that it's mature bordering on explicit, but I deliberately didn't go graphic or pornographic.
Dean throws on a shirt and makes a beeline for the coffee and food, which he deems is sufficiently stodgy and greasy.
“Good morning to you too,” she replies dryly.
Cas nods. He gets up and heads to the hallway where there’s an old mirror mounted on the wall. He twists awkwardly, and somewhat painfully as he stretches the newly healed over skin, to try and take a look.
Older Dean turns to his younger self and pats his sides. “Well, come on let’s get something to eat.” He takes off towards the kitchen as Cas heads upstairs.
Dean huffs. “Yeah, I’m right here,” he says, flat.
In theory, yes, but Dean’s mind drifts to the angel Castiel. The angel who had looked at him with as much confusion and wonder as he had levelled back at him. The angel who had shown him mercy, a trait angels are not traditionally known for, not once or twice but now three times, despite his flagrant disregard for angelic authority.
Dean rolls his eyes but doesn’t bother with a comeback. He doesn’t cry in the shower, in fact it’s an entirely utilitarian shower because he has some common courtesy and hot water is a bit of a luxury around these parts.
“Woah, woah,” he says, his voice faltering into a higher pitch than he would like, hardly able to match the other Dean’s gravelly tones.
this time,” Cas added as Jack walked furtively into the house.
“That doesn’t matter,” Cas stresses. “You shouldn’t be afraid to buy a fruity cocktail, or be close to a friend, or anything, just because of how some people
. He just seemed so genuinely sweet and honest. The way he spoke was just… kind?”
The next time Dean goes to see Castiel, he’s still giddy from their date. It turns out the butterflies one gets in their stomach after kissing an angel don’t fade so easy. If he weren’t so busy being smitten he’d be embarrassed, really, for just how pathetically head over heels he is. But apparently not even Sam’s incessant teasing can bring him down from this high.
“Yes!”
“No.”
“I thought you couldn’t leave you post?”
Dean feels a tug on his hand as Cas pauses in front of a display of potted plants. Knowingly, Dean shoots Cas a weary look. “Which one?”
“There wasn’t really time for him to say anything,” Cas stated, his voice quiet. “I think- he- he just asked me not to go.”
“You gotta watch that,” Jody says, shooting Sam a knowing look. “Wine drunk creeps up on you.”
it. Dean scoffs. “Whatever, it just is.”
“He’s not getting any better, is he?”
Dean is wearing an expression of disbelief, and a little pity. “That doesn’t make time go any faster.”
“How much you wanna bet?” Cas says through a smirk.
The slightest touch burns like the surface of a star— lying on his back is impossible. Even the shifting on his bandages as he moves his shoulder blades, or the light brush of fabric over his back gets Castiel doubled over in pain. A lot of the time Castiel can’t tell if he’s crying from grief or pain, though realistically he imagines it’s both.
“Sam, stop it.” Dean swallows down a well of emotion. “You don’t have to thank me for shit, I’m your big brother that shit’s my job. And stop with the deathbed talk, man.”
“Dean,” he says through curved lips. Castiel’s eyes track just behind Dean. “And… Sam?”
“I mean, if this thing exists, and anyone has it, wouldn’t it be the angels themselves?” Dean asks, stating the obvious according to him. “And then it would probably be behind the fifty foot wall they got around their little citadel. There’s no way in hell we’d even get close enough to even
“Then don’t,” Dean offers in a futile plea.
Dean shrugs. “I just don’t know the guy. And it’s not like he gives me much choice in that. I mean, what’s his deal? Really?”
to die more.”
Dean’s movements are slow and measured, he daren’t rustle even a single leaf or he’s made— and an angel would never be so flippant as to write off a potential threat. No, angels are precise, unfeeling and always deadly. In normal circumstances they’re not worth the risk.
Well there goes the element of stealth. Dean turns to flee, but considers that at this point it likely makes no difference, and after all, opportunity may yet lie ahead. He slowly inches forward, hands raised up in a surrender. His attention is fixed on the angel, and the gate behind him.
“Angels don’t eat at all, but thank you for the offer.”).
Castiel nods, leaning into Dean’s touch. “Of course I am,” he says, before Dean closes the distance between them.
Dean grinned and poked him brother excitedly. “Look at you, huh! Bride to be!”
“Wow, uh, awesome,” she says. “What’s it like going up against an angel? I mean, what should I expect?”
Dean’s eyes widen and light up. “You’re talking to Sam?”
“Yeah, no shit,” Dean grumbles, pulling the towel off his arm to check that the flow of blood had curbed. “What about you then?”
“Wow,” Sam remarks as Dean drags himself across the kitchen to the fridge.
The sun was sitting low in the sky, peeking over the eastern horizon, when Dean was awoken with a sharp strip of bright sunlight cutting across the room through the crack in the curtains. He wasn’t unused to waking up with Cas’s face buried in his chest, but that didn’t dampen the sweetness. The very act of sleeping next to someone he loved,
Castiel frowns, shrinking inward. Angels rarely have to plan for their own future beyond surviving long enough to receive the next set of orders; it’s not a skillset Castiel has ever had the need to develop. Not to mention that he now has to navigate a future that takes a shape he had never possibly imagined.
Cas ponders for a moment. “Yes,” he agrees. “I think I’d like that.”
A wide, empty boardwalk painted amber by the setting sun, slipping over the horizon, basks a 26-year-old Dean Winchester in buttery warm sunlight.
“This… is not what I asked for.”
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Castiel says, low and quiet. “All of this— It’s my fault.”
Dean slotted his hand in Cas’s and started towards the stairs, Cas trailing behind him. Dean turned back to Cas as they stood outside the closed master bedroom door.
Still, he gets the feeling there’s a lot more to it than your usual tragic backstory, so being a good samaritan and all around decent guy, Dean decides to cut the guy some slack. For the time being at least.
The man’s eyes dart yet again to Castiel’s sword belt. His tongue darts out from between his closed lips and he begins the motions of a forward lunge. His recklessness does not make for a sound strategy as Castiel easily deflects by pushing him back with a palm flat to the centre of the chest with a controlled momentum so as to not crack the fragile human ribcage.
Dean shook his head wearing an expression of disappointment and shock as he turned back inside to grab the first-aid supplies. He handed them off to Cas without a word.
“But nothing, Sam, what the hell? We don’t leave people behind the second shit gets bad.”
I can do in private,” Cas says.
Dean pulls Castiel up, keeping the kiss connected as he does, and begins walking them back, stumbling through every step. Dean’s back meets a wall and Castiel almost pushes him through it. The force and weight of him is thrilling. Castiel pulls back from Dean’s lips, but only for a moment as he starts laying kisses at Dean’s jaw, his neck, and his collarbone, nipping and biting there. He wants more of Dean, maybe all of him. Dean would give him anything and everything in this moment.
Cas is fumbling his hands in front of him. It’s hard to imagine same the guy being responsible for the aftermath of that angel. “I wasn’t always like this.”
“I’ll see you soon, man,” he says with a solemn smile. “Let’s fuck some shit up.”
“Yeah, I guess. It’s just practical, you know.”
“Oh, uh, I got lost,” Dean says, as firm as he can, heart racing as he spies the angel’s free hand perched at the hilt of his sheathed blade.
Castiel flicks open the lighter and watches the tiny flame dance and flicker in the minuscule breeze. Bobby hands him a small bottle of lighter fluid and gestures towards the brazier. Castiel takes it in hand and splashes it over the bloodied robes. He lowers the lighter to the top of the pile and steps back the moment it catches alight.
Bobby and Sam are down just as Dean’s finished pouring out the third cup. He sets all three on the table where Castiel is already sat. They each take a moment with their coffee, letting the warmth run through their hands and into their bones and the scent drift up into their synapses.
“Uh… hi,” Dean says, keeping short as the angel stares him down. “What, uh, what brings you to town? Don’t see a lotta angels walking the streets ‘round here.”
“I could stop you,” Cas says, with what Dean almost thinks is a flirtatious smirk. “But I won’t. If you really want to leave, that is.”
Dean runs the jacket’s shoulder under cold water. Taking a magic eraser he rubs, pressing hard into the fabric, any harder and it’d tear like tissue paper, instead it shifts and bunches under the pressure. There’s a pale, creamy red emulsion seeping out, soaking back in, pooling around his fingers. He runs it under the water again, letting the colour fade into the water, swirling down into the drain.
“You know Lucifer came back from the cage and he didn’t bring me back either? So rude. I really know how to pick ‘em huh?” Meg said, shaking her head in resignation
“I knew the man who lived here,” Cas answers simply and finally.
“We could paint it white, if you’d like?” Cas continued, once he too had disembarked, and had met Dean on the pavement side.
“I’m getting my money’s worth,” Cas retorts.
Without much thought his hands slip lower to rest on Cas’ hips. If he wanted to, it would be so easy to just pull him closer. His hands are perched there as a dare, or an invitation, to thrust, just a little, and break the second rule.
Sam rolls his eyes. “God Dean, you’re such an asshole, she was just a girl, we just talked.”
Castiel’s face falls even further. “They’ll be expecting my return to the citadel to give my report, but it appears my reassignment is permanent. I’ll likely be deployed again soon.”
“So you really don’t have anything horrific planned for me?”
“C’mon Cas, siddown,” Dean says, pulling a seat out beside him. Sam and Bobby eye him, faces neutral. Neutrality is certainly not a rejection, but it’s not an invitation either.
“I could go to the Men of Letters.”
“Hmm, maybe,” older Dean maintains his calm, but seems genuinely perplexed. “We're definitely gunna need help on this one. Why don’t you stay the night and we can head over to the bunker in the morning. I’ll call Sam.”
“I make it to forty?” Dean says through a scoff and a half-smile, eyes brushing over the walls as he averts his gaze away from his future self.
Dean scoffs. Trust the pastor to know everybody’s business. “Nowhere,” Dean lies. Jim’s face remains skeptical. “Okay, jeez. I got a girl. Outta town.”
“I’ll barely need one.”
“Well not to me, obviously,” Dean says with a scoff. “I guess ‘cause I know that you’re a weird little nerd. But monsters beware, eh?”
family. It
Sam clears his throat and taps Eileen. “Movie, guys?”
“I’m sorry, Sam. Whatever it is, it’s beyond me.”
“I don’t know what you want me to say, Dean,” Jo says, exasperated. “We’re not here to be main characters, you know? And we’re not here for our interrogation skills either. Yeah, I woulda preferred to be in the room, but you know, I trust Cas, so like Victor I’m gunna back his play.”
“Dean, I can’t—”
Dean does not sleep soundly that night. In fact, he hardly sleeps at all. Even when he manages to wrench his thoughts away from Castiel, he only ends up back on the subject eventually. He thinks of Azrael, ruminates on how he had looked at him, studied his face like it was a puzzle. How he had said there was something ‘different’ about him. It’s hardly much of a leap to say that Azrael had been suspicious, probably followed him, probably reported on Castiel.
“Shit.”
“I know where I would like to go,” Castiel says, firm. “There.” He points up to where the forest stretches up onto the hillside, its green fingers stretching out over its expanse and folding over top.
“I think I understand.” Castiel dips down to place a kiss over the healed skin. “The human memory is imperfect. Your bodies are as much a record of your lives as your mind.”
“It’s the last thing I told him. The deal I made, it wasn’t for an assist or a hat-trick, it wasn’t designed to help me or anyone else, that was just some creative problem solving on my part,” Cas began to explain, struggling to look up from his fidgeting hands. “The deal was that the empty would take me the moment I allowed myself to experience a moment of true happiness. For me, that was speaking my truth and being heard; telling Dean why I did all the things that I did in the plainest and truest terms. I told Dean how I felt, I actually said-”
Castiel looks back directly at Dean, his eyes wide and innocent. “The angels won’t stop looking for me,” he says. “Now that I’ve betrayed them, they’ll be far more interested in me. I will leave, and you and Sam can escape.”
“It’s not about revenge. I can’t let the angels do this to anyone else ever again.”
Sam searches Castiel’s expression. “But?”
Castiel searches for some micro-expression of deceit, but sees only sincerity in Dean. He tries to find the words to respond, but comes up blank.
“Wards okay?” Dean asks between mouthfuls.
“A bet,” Cas says, grinning. “I bet that you couldn’t go around letting people think we were a couple without correcting them.”
“Are you really complaining?” Jo asks wryly. “You love it, don’t even lie.”
Dean returned from the bathroom and gave Cas a tentative look. “Ask me what?”
“What about fiction?” Dean asks, raising an eyebrow. Castiel pouts, his shoulders drooping. “Okay, how about I bring you some books and you let me slip through that little side-gate?”
“Thanks, angel,” older Dean smiles, placing a hand on Cas’ side and pressing a kiss to the side of his mouth, leading Dean to finally avert his gaze.
“Oh yeah, of course,” Dean says, voice rolling with sarcasm. “Frivolous entanglements. Nothing like getting drunk under the stars with me.”
The other Dean merely rolls his eyes, unsurprised and definitely unimpressed. In a moment, Dean’s being gripped by the lapel and shoved towards the bar’s door. He feels like a rebellious kid being dragged home after being caught out past curfew as he’s thrown inside.
“Hey, remember when Cas ate raw meat off the floor of a diner.” Sam said with his typical sass.
Jo’s face drops. “Oh God, did he tell you about—”
in order to do it. However, mere minutes ago, he had concluded that in another, much deeper sense, no, he wasn’t.
It’s the afternoon when Sam finally comes to. Dean, sat on his own bed opposite Sam’s, springs to action in an instant. Sam groans groggily, bringing a hand to his face, shielding himself from the daylight.
Cas balls his hands into fists and closes his eyes. He firms himself to look over at Dean, whose face is entirely serious, with a hint of vulnerability. “You’re right,” Cas admits. And he is, because whoever this Dean is, and however he came to exist or came to be in Cas’ life, the fact is that he’s here for a mission. They both have a job to do, and whether Cas likes it or not they have to do it together.
“Oh,” Sam says, his face moving through various expressions, before settling into an awkward smile.
Green tea had become a favourite of his; it was simple enough not to upset his sensitive taste buds, while still having a delightful warmth and aroma that made its consumption worthwhile. Dean teased him for this too, though that was mostly a case of Dean still being stuck in his ways of masculine posturing-
“What?” Dean breathes, his mind reeling in confused relief.
Thank God, or whoever, that Sam’s out tonight— cheers to his health.
“Oh, yeah. Angels are real,” older Dean adds, nonchalant. “Before you argue, because I
It’s a dynamic shift for sure. After so long spent with Dean looking after Sam, now Sam’s the one taking care of him. It’s a good feeling, just to have the freedom to fall down every now and again, knowing that there’s someone there to pick him back up.
Everything in Dean tightens up. He feels as though his throat’s about to close completely. He hadn’t thought about what Bobby would think. Or his dad, but that’s a much deeper and much darker can of worms. Jody says Bobby would be proud. Dean thinks she’s probably right, if it were real anyway.
Somehow without ever asking it aloud, Dean’s question is answered. Dean doesn’t want to say goodbye either. All he can do now is hope that it’s the kind of answer he can kiss away. He leans into Castiel’s touch and kisses him.
“Then what have you been doing all day?” Dean cuts in.
“So you’re… me in the future?” Dean says, nervously navigating the new ground.
by resting a hand on Dean’s waist as they exit. He smiles and waves goodbye to their waitress, Lucy. Dean forces out a smile, but he’s mostly distracted by how close Cas is by his side.
touch my ass or something?”
should go to bed.”
“Ugh,
“So they didn’t like your way of doing things?” Dean asks, his tone leading, one eyebrow raised.
Dean shrugs and takes a swig. “Yeah we’d better look into that. Maybe tomorrow.”
The cold water snaps Dean back to normal function. He sputters and shakes head, “Ugh, what the hell?”
“Dean,”
See chapter on
When he does go into town, Azrael is still lurking about, all stiff posture and cold eyes. Heat and anger bubbles in his gut when he sees him. Azrael’s eyes scan the area, lingering on Dean for a moment longer than is comfortable before darting away. But he never approaches, never interacts, not since that first time.
Cas nods.
in my life, ‘Dean’,” he stresses, with air-quotes to boot. “And my duty is to defend the citadel against potential threats. Simply put; you are not a threat.”
The drive was longer than Dean expected, as Cas lead him out of town and through quiet backroads out into the wilderness. They finally stopped at the edge of some woodlands, and Cas lead Dean along the path until they get to a quiet stream with an old stone bridge over it.
“I can’t believe you quit hunting, man,” he says. “I couldn’t- I’m not-” He’s not a hypocrite,  and he’s not Sam.
“Yes, Sam’s bringing Jack by tomorrow morning,” Cas agreed. “We need to have his room ready by tonight at the very least.”
Sam pauses, deliberating, then nods slow. “Okay, yeah. But you know, I’m pretty sure you could achieve the same effect by getting him some clothes of his own, but hey man, whatever floats your boat.”
“Yes,” the older Dean agrees instantly. “How about lunch?”
“Of course,” she agrees.
Castiel’s face does not light up as it usually does when Dean approaches. He’s twiddling his thumbs, anxious. Dean steps towards him slowly. “Hey Cas,” Dean greets, his voice gentle. “You good? Did you still wanna go somewhere?”
“Then what is my word worth? I can assure you these men have had no involvement with demons.” Castiel takes a short breath. “I healed Sam Winchester.”
The grocer, Stephen, had been loitering in his shop doorway during the exchange. As the angel retreats to a reasonable distance, Stephen comments, “Angels in town, huh? That’s new.”
“I’m fine, really,” he says, as sincere as he can. “We’re going on a big mission so maybe— I dunno, maybe we’re gunna get to do something important.”
“Well, Dean, they might,” Cas says with a sigh. He puts his hands over Dean’s and looks him in the eye. “I can’t tell you that people won’t ever judge you, but that shouldn’t stop you from being proud of who you are.”
“No, it doesn’t,” Castiel agrees. “I must admit it has been… dull at times. Your visits have been a great improvement, thank you.”
Dean’s just setting down his equipment and leaning his ladder against the wall when he spots him— a man with shoulder-length black curls and two large tawny feathered wings folded at his back. There’s an angel in town.
“Yeah, whatever,” Dean rolls his eyes. “I just mean you can borrow whatever you want. As long as you wash it after, y’know.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well I did last night, so how ‘bout Jo?” Dean suggests with a smarmy smile.
“I feel so special,” Dean scoffs, still smiling. He looks over to meet Cas’ gaze. It’s warm and friendly, just like it always is. And Dean doesn’t shy away from it, sure he’s probably giving an equally soft look in return. Oh well. “Alright, I gotta get some shut-eye,” Dean says, gently shrugging Cas’ hands off of him, not with any irritation or immediacy.
“What did you do to him?” Dean demands, struggling under the male angel’s hold. Remiel lifts Sam with ease and carries him out, Dean squirming and fighting and shouting all the while. “Get your hands off him! Where the hell are you taking him! Hey!”
Dean scowls as he continues working, careful not to tempt the pastor to continue by holding his tongue on any further comment.
Cas frowns, reaching a hand out, before realising himself and drawing it back. “You can ask me anything,” he assures. “I- I won’t tell the other you if you don’t want me to.”
“And hey Cas,” she says, giving Cas the same treatment, which takes him by surprise.
Jo comes trudging back over from the house. “Hey, you done?”
So he stares at the door, not sure which is the harder choice— to leave without word would crush Dean, he knows it would. He might worry, might chase after him. But to stay and put him in more danger is selfish, is
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sam,” Dean placed a hand on Sam’s shoulder. “I know you worry about the kid, I know you miss him. But me and Cas, we got this. And just watch, Sammy, when you and Eileen finally have a kid of your own and me and Cas are already pros, we’ll be the ones giving you advice.”
and that was over a decade ago). Dean signs
Knowing all this, Dean was more than a little apprehensive about whatever Castiel had planned for the two of them. The last thing he wanted to do was put on a suit and tie, it would just remind him of being on a case more than anything. Not least since the only suit s he owned were his fake FBI suits. And he only had one left that didn’t have irremovable blood stains on it.
“You think this angel tablet could seal away the angels too?” Jo asks.
“We’re not actually related, Dean,” Cas states, frowning. Dean knows that, but he knows it in the back of his mind where it’s safe. “I’m sorry, I fail to see how it’s ‘weird’ for people to assume that we could be a couple.”
Dean claps a hand against Castiel’s arm, firm. “Dude, you’re a total rebel,” he says, prideful.
The angel looks around, frantically as Victor, Dean, and Jo emerge from the shadows. “What?” he breathes in panic, eyes blown wide in horror.
In a moment Castiel is being dragged away with an angel tugging at either arm.
“Here, Sam,” Castiel says quietly as he helps Sam down into the chair. “Let me take a look at you.”
Dean manages to remain in the clear as he navigates the main roads out of town, probably since there are more people around to injure if he jumps and swerves them off the road at the slightest hint of a touch. When they hit the highway, Dean readies himself, mentally speaking. He’s fully prepared for a thigh-grab; he’s not gunna let it affect him this time. All his available mental bandwidth that isn’t focussed on the road is dedicated to the eventuality of Cas’ hand on his thigh.
“Oh,” Cas nods slow. “I see. But I’m back now.”
The man stares up at him, wide eyed. In the light of morning, the flecks of brown in his iris can be seen, painting a forest in his eyes, teeming with the light of life and the depth of dark. “Got, uh, lost again…” the man says, unsure even of his own words. Those eyes dart for just a moment over to the blade at Castiel’s hip.
Still the angel stares him down. It’s a distrustful, uncomfortable stare, not at all like Castiel’s which tends to wash over him like a gentle wave. This one grates against him.
An hour or so later, Dean, now wearing a short sleeve, pale pink shirt, and light wash jean shorts, is sitting on a wooden lounger out on the sandy shore of the lake, watching Jack building sandcastles and Miracle jumping around at the edge of the water. It’s moments like these that make him so grateful for his life.
“Good morning, Sunshine,” Dean can’t help but grin as his first words of the day spill from his lips.
“No, you had enough sugary things with your pancakes; and ice cream won’t fill you up,” Cas replies, smiling fondly down at his son; it always bewildered him that kids could eat so much sugar. Or how Dean can eat a burger at any given moment.
“Dada, I’m hungry,” Jack says, looking up at Dean. “Can I have pancakes for breakfast?”
He places a soft but meaningful kiss on Cas’s lips before rolling over and getting out of bed to open the curtains. One of Dean’s favorite things about their lake house is that they have no nearby neighbors who could see him standing, fully naked, in the bedroom window. So he feels comfortable wiggling his ass, for Cas’s amusement, as he stares out onto the glorious lake.
“You’re right. Yes, my contact is an angel,” Cas says. “Beyond that— it’s complicated and it’s easier for all of us if we leave it at that. Is that alright?”
The two were alerted by the familiar rumble of the Impala (driven over by Sam much to Dean’s chagrin as he and Cas had driven over the night before in the U-Haul) to Sam’s arrival. Dean stepped out onto the front path as Sam pulled into the drive. Sam clambered out the front seat and greeted Dean with a quick hug.
“Yeah, you’re me. Past me, anyway,” the other Dean replies. “I wanna know from when.”
Like this, he and Cas might look out of place walking together side-by-side. The soft yarn looks like it was be so gentle on the cheek should one lean against his shoulder in an embrace, it’s kind, inviting. But Dean looks like a hunter. Yeah, sure, maybe he looks like he ‘lives at a truck-stop’ whatever that means. For a short time Dean could drag Cas down to his level, see him draped in the blood-stained, grime-covered uniform of a hunter, in the muck with him. Suddenly Cas is out of reach again.
“Well it’s certainly of no use to me. Go ahead.”
“He’s doing good. Up and about, energetic, not dying, he’s great,” Dean says. He lowers the sandwich in his hand though, as he recalls Sam’s headaches. They’ve been persisting in the days since he first found out about them too. “He’s been getting headaches. Is that— Have you heard of that happening?”
He takes a step— snap. The snap of a twig underfoot, missed in the dark of the canopy’s shade. The sentry’s head snaps towards him.
“No. Humans should— you should stay out of it Dean. This is not your fight.”
of good booze.
“Dude,” Dean warns with bug eyes tuned on Cas. There’s an angel blade in his duffel, Dean recalls for no particular reason.
(See the end of the chapter for
want to. Then you got two choices,” Dean places a hand on Cas’ upper thigh. “Break the rules, or back out.”
Dean shakes his head, crossing his arms and leaning back against the counter. “Is that what we do? Kill because it’s more convenient? Thought that was the angels’ strategy, not ours.”
Cas passes a heavy look at each of them round the table in turn. “We’re going to capture an angel.”
“Yeah, it’s a special one. Kind of a big deal,” Garth says, leaning in with his voice low.
Cas clambers in beside Dean, still in a dress shirt and slacks. At least he’s not too out of place next to Dean who’s still in his jeans.
“Man, this job fucking sucks,” Dean says with a scoff. “Who’d you piss off to get stuck on such a shitty assignment?”
“I mean, obviously you don’t have to. It was just an idea—”
“Who are you, Dean Winchester?” Castiel asks, searching the man— Dean’s— face, his eyes, filled with wary, his jaw tight and his brows furrowed.
“Me,” Cas confirms.
Content warning for alcohol
Castiel stops in realisation. Dean came back. Just to give him something; a gift. And he intends to come back again and give him more. Castiel has received many things from humans; fear, worship, obedience, respect; but never this.
They talk as Dean eats, and continue on after he’s done. Castiel polishes off the berries with fervour, the centre of his lips stained red with their juices, it’s adorable and kind of irresistible. Dean can’t help but think of biting those lips until they’re red all over.
Sam drops his duffel in the trunk with a thunk. “Yeah, sure, one of the big ones,” he mutters.
, Dean thinks. Perhaps Castiel, too, has something in common with the handsome rogue from the novel.
Content warning for mild homophobia and sexual content.
“You’re so obvious when you’re jealous, it’s embarrassing for you,” Jo teases.
Sam nods. “Cas could probably fix that hangover you know,” he suggests. “I know he doesn’t usually, but he might make an exception now that you’re dating.”
“Alright, come on,” he groans as he gets up out the car. Dean slips out with ease, looking at his older self with pity at his old and creaky joints.
“Dean I need to speak to you,” Castiel says, urgency muddying his usually softer tone. “You need to be more careful. Supposedly there are demons in the area, and the angels have upped their patrols in response—”
“And you know, it wasn’t all terrible. I wasn’t uncomfortable the whole time. Some of it was even… I dunno, some of it was nice I guess.” Dean admits, eyes fixated on his fidgeting hands.
Dean stares at the vial, the bright light reflecting in his eyes. “I don’t— Thank you.” He looks up at Castiel. “What do I— I mean how do I use it?”
Cas stands still in the dark room, illuminated only by the bluish light of the half moon streaming in through the un-curtained window. The window overlooks an overgrown field, empty now except for the tall grass and the weeds slowly worming their way through the undergrowth in an attempt to take over. Cas stares out over the grass for a long while, allowing his mind to fade into emptiness, letting all thought slip to the back of his mind, letting himself be hypnotised by the lunar glow.
Sam shrugs and slinks off. The second the door shuts Dean pries Cas’ hand off of him. “Sam couldn’t even see that,” he hisses. “Are you trying to make me crash the car.”
Dean turns to Bobby with rage in his eyes. Bobby matches his indignation with a cool, flat expression. He sips at his coffee and doesn’t flinch.
Castiel swallows as those green eyes search his in conflict. The pressure against his side disappears, Dean steps back and holds the blade toward Castiel hilt-first.
I get caught, right? It’s not a sure thing. It’s my life, and I’m okay with taking the risk, I can handle myself.”
“This house is heavily warded, so we should be relatively safe for the night,” Cas explains as he steps into the kitchen and starts unloading some of the food packets he’s carrying.
Castiel is alone for the next few days, once again placated by the orderly rhythm of the honey bees and the gentle wingbeats of the butterflies. He allows his mind to wander in that time, questioning all his encounters with the mysterious ‘Dean’.
. He and Cas are in agreement there. His mind is reeling at a million miles a minute and he knows he needs to process, but he still has more pressing issues to take care of. He can’t help but wonder if that’s what Cas took of to do.
“I truly believe it’s for the best that I go,” Castiel says, looking down at his hands clasped in his lap. “I don’t want to leave you, Dean. I wouldn’t unless I truly thought it was best for you. I— I thought about leaving. In the night. But I didn’t think it would fair to do that. Not again.”
The drive is thankfully pretty calm and quiet as Sam recounts what happened in the graveyard while he was burning the bones. Dean remains quiet, though with some difficultly, when Cas places a hand on Dean’s thigh. With his attention fixed firmly on the road, he can almost forget that it’s there, but not for long. As soon as the realisation hits proper, his face is definitely flushing and honestly, thank god it is because at least all his blood is rushing to his face and nowhere else.
“Kind of a long story,” Sam says a grimace. “Can we come in? We’re sort of on the run right now.”
“We’ll need to find a safe location for the meet. Likely as close to the citadel as we can get,” Cas continues, drawing out a map from Victor’s messy stack of papers He points to a small town located north-west of the citadel’s wall, just outside of the thick wood that surrounds it.
“Castiel?” Azrael turns, startled. “You come with orders? Strange, I had not received any new revelation.” Castiel does not answer. “Ah,” Azrael nods, passing snotty look up and down at Castiel. “Not orders then.”
In just over an hour since Sam’s revelation, they have everything they need. Dean merely watches in awe as the four of them work together like a well-oiled machine.
Dean shoots up and whips his jacket off the back of his chair. “Yes, let’s go,” he says, grabbing his duffel and darting outside. He’s in the front seat before anyone can say or do anything else to him. Some forethought would have had him telling Sam to ride shotgun, but his coffee’s barely hit and he’s not that forward thinking on a good day. So there’s Cas clambering into the front seat beside him with a smug smile.
“What’s with you?” Dean asks Sam, who was uncharacteristically last to rise.
Cas. A lot.
“Don’t say this now, man,” Dean pleads. He can’t hear this now, it’s as good as goodbye.
She stumbles back, and the other angels, and Castiel, instantly dive into action. The angels are fast, faster than Dean’s eyes can even keep track of, let alone his movements. Castiel is a blur, but a brilliant one. In an instant he’s retrieved his blade from the dying angel’s sternum and has buried it into the gut of the first one who tries to accost him. He spins to plunge it into the chest of the one approaching from behind, as if by some angelic sixth sense he’d known exactly where he was.
Sam rolls his eyes. “So she only went with me so that you’d go on a date with her? You really think you have that kind of pull?”
Dean turns sharply, only to find Castiel lurking there wearing what looks like a smug expression.
Sam sighed. “That can’t be your strategy, guys.”
“Oh, sure.” Garth nods. “But I gotta brief you guys on your next assignment, so come find me after your shower but preferably before you start drinking.”
“Low, I think.”
Castiel nods in understanding. “I see.”
“How does it look?” Castiel asks.
When the world finally shifts back into sound, Castiel is met with an eerie silence. Dean on his knees, staring, crushed and despondent. There’s blood pooling on the otherwise pure white floor underneath and around him. His back aches and stings, but feels light and empty.
“Thanks, Cas,” Sam says, squinting up at Castiel.
he wants and- “Am I- am I an idiot?”
you like’. I really didn’t mean to sound so thirsty.
They make it over to the Impala where Cas drops his hand. Dean leans on the side for a second checking his messages from Sam again, since he’d been dealing with a second grave a few towns over to wrap up the case. “Sam just got back to town,” he announces. “He said he’s five minutes away from here. Figured we can wait for him, then head to a motel for the night. We can drive back in the morning when I hurt a little less.”
“To this charge, how do you plead?” Naomi repeats.
And then there were the other patients. Even as he mellowed out, his own guilt and anguish warping the ghoulish visions of Lucifer into a kind of desperate passivity, the other patients had been put off by him. They avoided him, talked about him when they believed him to be out of earshot. They didn’t like to talk to him. Even among those who would be the last to call themselves ‘normal’, Cas was too far gone, too other. And so when one particular patient had turned hating Cas into a spectator sport for the other patients, Meg yet again offered her support. But Castiel, in his fierce aversion to conflict, particularly in service of him as if that hadn’t caused enough pain, had said,
“You sure?”
“What do you mean?” Dean asks, cautious as he tucks his anger aside to start tucking in to his meal.
“Oh,” Cas says. “Sorry you had to turn her down.”
“Wouldn’t it be crazy if it was
Cas chuckles. “Yes, well angels must take human vessels in order to walk the earth.”
“Can you sense the blight?” Dean asks, his chest tight, holding back his elation.
Victor twists his mouth. “Hmm, nah. We’ve had them on it since we first got wind of this and so far they got nothing. It’s all good, I’ll talk to Cas later and we’ll figure out our next steps.”
Dean drops his head against the tree trunk at his back. “Alright,” he concedes, aware that he’s already asked enough of Castiel for one day. Castiel gets up first, extending a hand down to Dean to help him to his feet, ever the gentleman.
Castiel nods. “I was caught in a skirmish with a troupe of demons just west of here,” he explains.
“You look like you been through hell,” Bobby says. “Let’s get you inside.”
Dean tests the waters with his tongue, and Cas’ lips part, letting him in. Dean loses his grip on Cas’ jaw, his hands slipping down to grip the fabric of Cas’ shirt, then slip further down to hold his waist. Conversely, Cas’ hands ascend, taking Dean’s face in his hands, then sliding his fingers into Dean’s hair.
Cas presses his lips together and nods. “Yes. It’s just a passing resemblance,” he lies. “But it’s… difficult to look at him and not be reminded.”
Sam.”
“So…” Dean starts. “You’re hunting again.”
It takes all afternoon to prepare dinner. It certainly doesn’t have to take that long, but Dean argues that it does if you want to do it properly. He also argues that he needs the kitchen to himself, even when Sam and Cas offer to help by doing something simple like chop vegetables. Dean insists that they never chop them right, and kicks them out. He’s so insistent on not being disturbed he almost skips the pleasantries with Eileen when she arrives. He doesn’t in the end, but they’re cut short by his timer going off. He’s thankful for it because it leaves Cas alone to drop the ‘news’ without him in the room.
“Librarian is a fine profession, Dean,” Castiel adds.
“Yes,” Cas nods tentatively. “Is he…”
It’s a two-man job, and with Sam laid up at home, Dean’s enlisted Jim himself to hold up the door while he attaches the fresh hinges. As he hammers in another nail, his eye wanders off to the east, towards the forest that separates the town of Lawrence from the north-north-western wall of the city of angels. The sun’s already begun to set— if he doesn’t finish up soon it’ll be too late to make another attempt on the citadel.
