“You. are. not. Worthless. I don’t care how many time I have to tell you. I’ll keep telling you, every day. Every hour if I have to.” And despite the anguish still ripping Dean apart, he can’t help but lean in, pull them forehead to forehead.
“Really?” he sounded sleepy but delighted, he had obviously expected to be spending the evening doing several hours of grueling exercise. Cas was quite happy to surprise him.
“Ok, you can do the first five and then I’ll swap passages. Sound ok?” Gabe’s voice is gentle but strained.
He had to stop himself tasting the batter several times but reminded himself, just one more day. And anyway, he could always make himself another batch on Sunday. Cas would be so proud of him fantasising about food for once instead of forgetting it.
Dean knows that somewhere deep inside him is raging, but all his body wants to do is obey, give over to his alpha everything.
“His body tried. I can remember a couple of times when the fever would hit but he’d just double down on the meds and try to ignore the pain. And Dad, he’d act like it was Dean’s fault. Tell him to toughen up, his answer for fucking everything.”
He sounds every bit the doctor, calm and precise in his instructions, even if his voice is a little tight around the edges, it soothes Dean immediately.
A moment later, the screen on Benny’s tablet began flashing and a quiet alarm rang out. Benny slid the tablet over and showed Castiel the screen, “He’s waking up. We use an EEG headset to monitor his sleep. It’s been challenging to make sure he completes full sleep cycles."
Eventually, Cas shifts back up, not letting Dean’s wrists go, it’s too early for that. Instead he turns them down so his arms are resting by his side, wrists still firmly held. Dean’s body under his weight where Cas is kneeling over him, still keeping him down, keeping him safe.
“What?” Castiel felt like all the air in his lungs had suddenly been replaced with tar, thick and choking.
“You have every right to be angry,” Gabriel replied in as soothing a tone as he could get away with, “You’re scared, I get that, but everyone is doing their best in a terrible situation, and your anger isn’t helping.”
Dean shrugged, knowing Cas would require Gabe to check anyway. And he did, reaching down between Dean’s legs to feel the edges of the dilators. He hummed thoughtfully.
Cas knew this was a possibility but had to use the device anyway, his own pheromones were simply not strong enough for Dean, no ones were. Especially during his heat.
“I didn’t want to deal. I got the morgue to send his body off to some place for cremation. I didn’t even pick up the car. Just let it get towed off and impounded.” He sounds upset about that, Cas knew he loved that car, but the rest is spoken emotionlessly, an empty story.
He’s gasping a little again, quick small breaths, trying to gather oxygen in a desperate attempt to keep control.
“Is it alright?” Charlie said gesturing to the rest of the room, “Do you need anything? Sorry there isn’t a view, but we can paint it, or change anything you like, honestly, these room are so grey and boring. Benny just got a new…”
Gabe left them to the last bit of peace they would have for a while, the calm before the storm, to carry his and Cas’s equipment bags into the Heat room. He’d already set his own belongings up in the his bedroom (the spare that he habitually used when he was needed to stay over) so he only had these last few things to bring into the house.
But though he’d felt an almost physical draw towards him, still does, he never did approach him. But that same feeling lingers, even now as he wipes down the examination table with intense concentration, his attention to detail is so alluring still.
“Seriously, I needed to pee like yesterday,” Dean fixed Castiel with a look that so clearly illustrated who he blamed for this discomfort.
It’s the reason why sometimes doctors could do everything right and still lose their patient. A simple, obvious truth that everyone chooses to ignore. Even though it’s written in all the textbooks and taught in every Dynamic class, but that doesn’t seem to make any difference. Castiel wishes they tattooed it on every Dominant’s forehead, wrote it under every street sign, plastered it across every TV station until they accepted it!
“Sensory processing issues are often the first symptom to manifest in DDS.“Sensory processing issues are an extremely common symptom of DDS. It’s often the first symptom of the condition that patients experience, often an early warning sign that medical intervention may be required. Although, Dean may have been dealing with it for years before the other symptoms became severe.” Castiel himself was quite familiar with the pain associated with being unable to process noise or bright lights, “It’s something which will hopefully reduce once his hormone and neurotransmitter levels stabilise. There are also several therapeutic techniques and coping strategies which can be taught. As for the NG tube, unfortunately, that’s also quite common. It’s essential that he maintain a healthy BMI and receives adequate daily nutrition. In my experience, it’s best to act preemptively on this issue rather than allow patients to lose significant weight and then struggle to gain it back. Dean may not like it, but it’s something that I’m likely to advise we keep using in the longer term, at least until he’s able to reliably consume a variety of food types and meet a reasonable daily calorie target orally.”
He wasn't stupid, he knew they realised that there was something unusual about his reaction to them, they knew it affected him, knew it opened up parts of himself that he couldn't continue to deny, needs he hadn't realized he had. He just didn't know how to deal with it, not for a long time. The straps had become another requirement each time, slowly increasing in number till he could barely move once they were all done up. And though they helped, they allowed him to sink down, to that peaceful nowhere place, it wasn't ever enough, not like when Cas did it.
“Can we do the test yet?” referring to the hormonal testing strips they used to see if his heat was satisfied.
“No, come on Cas. I’ll do better. I don’t need this again.” Dean’s voice shook as he stared at the roll of tubing resting innocently in Castiel’s hand, the rest of the nasogastric feeding kit sitting on the table next to them.
When Cas decides he’s had enough, he pulls his fingers out and wipes him off. The collection jar is whisked away, probably to be sent to some lab somewhere knowing Cas and the still warm blanket pulled back over the rest of him, tucked in tight and secure.
John was exceptionally protective of his submissive son, particularly concerning his medical care and treatment. It had taken Gabe months of gentle pushing to convince him to even consider the possibility, let alone to persuade him to seek the Council’s permission. But knowing how desperate things had become, Gabe had already secretly received permission on his behalf. As a Council member himself, Gabriel had the right to petition on behalf of a House or another member, or in this case both. Although it was an extraordinary request, the Council had agreed that in this unusual circumstance, it was the only way. It also helped that within the Harbour Society, Dean Winchester was both incredibly famous and basically universally adored.
Gabe couldn't help but grimace in sympathy for how utterly shattered that quiet happiness would be, soon enough. He pulled his eyes away, better to give them what little privacy he could. He turned back to his book, flicking it open at the first page, but listening intently for the alarm.
As expected Charlie was there already working. She climbed down off the ladder she was teetering on dangerously and gave him a suspicious look, eyeing the NG tube with disdain.
He pulls out his phone, a new pad of paper and a pen, time to finally update the file properly he supposed. The conversation tomorrow is going to be bad enough without knowing all the history behind it.
“Shh, Sweetheart this isn’t a punishment. You know it’s not.” He pulled Dean in close to his chest, rubbing his back with his free hand comfortingly. “We talked about this. When you drop 5% below your ideal weight the tube goes back in. It’s to help you.”
For the time being the device was moving slowly, dildos only moderately wide and working their way into him almost lazily, gradually but incredibly, incredibly deep.
“That’s the spirit!” Gabe’s voice all false cheer. He knews how much Dean disliked this process and Cas is super strict with him about it. Absolutely nothing except water was allowed to be swallow for the whole whole time the tube was in and even that was minimal.
Dean snorted and gestured to the tape holding the tube across his cheek, “Not with this sticking out of my face, I don’t,” there was no malice in it, something closer to annoyance.
“Ha” he laughs humorlessly, “they would record it like that! I was six months old so I don't remember any of it but Dean does. Apparently, some guy broke in while Dad was at work one night, the cops said he was on drugs, delusional, ranting about Omegas being possessed by demons, that he had to kill them. He got into the back of the house, broke the back door down easy as, like it was nothing, started ranting while he staggered from room to room.
“I’m going to undo you in a minute, but first I’m going get something to help you with this. We talked about it before remember?”
“Could be anyone. I could make a guess but honestly, you’ll have to ask Dean that one himself…” he trails off before building courage once more “But the rest, yeah, I’ll tell you what I can.”
Not too bad he thought, a bit short, but at least Wikipedia had accurate information on the new testing regimes and the differences in criteria.
He zipped the bag shut and shouldered it. No point worrying about the possibilities, better to deal with issues as they arise. Better to not think of everything that could go horribly wrong.
He leaned forward, heaving against the straps that held him to the bench until he was far enough forward to tuck his chin in under Castiel's neck and breathe. Warm arms encircled him, his lungs dragging in deep ragged breaths, he wanted Cas's scent, Cas's body.
Sam picked up after only a couple of rings, his voice cheerfully warm on the other side of the line.
Benny also said to tell you that the medication should have worn off by now, but that they’ll be keeping him in a low sensory environment and on a CRP frame for another couple of hours as per his current de-escalation plan guidelines. He would be happy to discuss all this with you in more detail.”
He could tell the gas was working once Dean slumped against him, his fight giving way to exhaustion, to obedience.
Gabe pulls out the handheld showerhead and proceeds to wet Dean down with it. It’s not cold, but cool enough that to Dean it must feel shocking against his feverish skin. He gasps and draws in a ragged breath and stills, consciousness flickering back into his eyes.
“Needy,” Dean replies a bit nervously, but huffs out a bitter laugh, “but not too bad. Aphraxil sucks balls.”
Gabe stepped into the room and held his hands out, telegraphing his movements as he made his way over to Dean. This was expected as well, he knew what he needed to do.
He never misses an opportunity to check on his brother, Cas thinks he finds it comforting to see for himself that Dean is healthy and strong. He’s long since got past any squeamishness when it comes to his brother.
He clicked through to the page on The Harbour Society. He knew that The Harbour was one of the oldest and wealthiest of The Societies. It was also one of the most desirable and elite. He admitted that he was curious, he’d never considered joining one himself, but he was looking forward to the opportunity to gain an insight into an alternative way of living.
“No way, with your gigantic lungs, you could hold it for hours. Just shut up and let me hug my baby brother.” Dean replies, not budging an inch.
Cas had spent hours there that night, slowly making his way around the room, taking in with quiet focus each sculpture, expression unreadable. And that time Dean, for the first time, wanted to ask another how they felt about his work. It had always been such a personal thing for him that he could barely stand to be in the room with people even looking at it, it felt like they were looking at his soul, it hurt. Mostly he hid, blending into the crowd or letting his manager or Sam answer questions.
“Uhh! fine!” Dean practically rolls himself out of the bed and shuffles over to the toilet, radiating sleepiness. Thankfully Cas had already disconnected his night feeder or he probably would have ended up pulling it right out. And wouldn’t that have been fun, he thought to himself annoyed at his own forgetfulness, he never would have heard that last of it.
"That would be very helpful thank you.” Cas does genuinely appreciate the affection Benny clearly feels towards Dean, “Can you tell me what you find most effective at calming him?"
“No. Couple of bruises and scrapes but nothing significant. I was out of the hospital after a day or so.”
“Shh,” He whispers, knowing how hard it is for Dean to speak when he gets like this, “Whatever it is, we’re going to handle it together. Just breathe for me.”
Dean takes a moment to lay down on the sofa, pulling his knees up and tucking his heels down like Cas had taught him.
Dean groans and attempts to pull the blanket over his head to hide from the daylight streaming busily through the window.
“Well,” he seems at a loss for a moment “Thank you,” he sounds almost proud, like he’s earned something precious, maybe a little in awe.
But Castiel also got the impression that Sam, having dreamed about having an older brother for such a long time, had unconsciously formed such high expectations of their relationship, that anyone would find it impossible to meet. Sam knew this of course, he was a rational man, but that didn’t stop the ache of unfulfilled hopes and dreams from influencing his feelings towards Dean. Castiel would need to be very careful to support and encourage a healthy development in their relationship, one based in reality rather than ideals.
“Breathe baby. Come on. It’s me,” Cas encourages and Dean does, drawing in a ragged breath, finally collapsing under him. Cas can feel the tremors still racking his body.
He can’t reply, but between gasps he clumsily pushed his satchel towards her hoping she’d get the picture. She does and while rummaging through it, his phone starts ringing, of course it's Castiel. He'd have been alerted the minute Dean's heartrate had skyrocketed and immediately called.
“I don’t.. um...” Dean suddenly knows, knows where he recognises the man’s voice from, he knows he needs to reply, is expected to, but the words are locked in his throat. His fingers are going numb, shock he realizes, but he can’t stop it. Tries desperately not to give himself away, but the man won’t stop talking.
Dean sighed, closing the phone, "My dad hasn't answered yet." He looked over at Cas regretfully, "I'm sorry Cas."
Anna knew Castiel needed this, and she knew he would never ask. And so she pretended, she would pretend to be scared for Cas, because she knew he needed this, and because a part of her wasn't scared for Cas. It was terrified.
“So Clarence, am I meant to assume we’re never going to talk again?” Meg said, almost dancing around Castiel as he walked down the halls.
Dean was upset and it was all Castiel's fault, why had he ever thought of telling Dean? What was wrong with him?! Why couldn't he ever just be fucking normal?!
The seventeen year old sighed, pushing himself off his rickety bed, rising to his feet, “I’m sorry Anna, I will be right there.”
His coat fluttered around him, reminding Castiel of the approaching darkness. The warm breeze of late April tousled his air, as if to deter him from seeing Dean. His stomach churned as he approached the metal stairs, his fingers twisted amongst one another.
He wanted to use the impala but of fucking course it was sputtering, geez what the hell? They needed another car and if Michael wasn't being such a pompous dickbag they'd have one. Seriously, what the hell was wrong with this family?
Dean licked the edge of Cas' lips, softly slipping his tongue in, "You...sure you....want me to....go?"
Um, also, this is probably one of the hardest chapters I've ever written (I have someone who betas for me and she enjoyed this so I deemed it worthy, but before that I was really nervous and kind of wrote, re-wrote, and deleted a lot of stuff) so any form of review would really be appreciated. Thank you so much! :)
Afterwards, Castiel felt ashamed for his emotions, and Naomi glaring at him from the doorway did not help, but Anna tried to. Castiel would wake up screaming, loud, terrified, blood curdling screams and she was always there, she would help him.
"Yes we do," Castiel said with a sigh. "If we don't this it will continue to be an obstacle for us, I will continue to be in discomfort with no reason as to your knowledge, and people will be vexated with my secrets, and no one will wish to be around me."
The sun gave animals and people and plants life. He smiled at faded orange between his fingers. His other hand patted the fruit; he was holding the color of the sun. He brought the fruit closer towards his face, brow furrowing at the life which gave him life.
"You are hardly ever honest with me. We're going to outgrow this one day, fighting. And maybe," he exhaled shakily. "Maybe we'll outgrow each other."
But this Castiel kid seemed good for him, and as the two drove up, Bobby felt a smile pinching his lips. Dean, as usual the damn metalhead, was blaring Zeppelin as the car rolled over Bobby's asphalt. Cas noticed Bobby looking at them, and, biting his lip, waved hesitantly.
The older man heard their obnoxious singing and turned around, shaking his fist at them. Castiel laughed, clutching his sides as Dean returned the man's gesture with a shit eating grin, turning up his volume.
Dean was talking to Jo about the still surprising miracle that Ash was in a bunch of honors classes, when he saw Sam walk into the cafeteria. This was a normal occurrence, as Sam usually stopped to talk to a teacher or two before coming to lunch, but that wasn't what surprised him. What did surprise him, was that Cas was walking right next to him!
The red head looked at him with a sudden tenderness Cas didn't expect, and she carefully wrapped her arms around him, enveloping him in a soft hug. He was startled for a moment, before sighing and hugging her back.
"Why? Because I'm he guest and guests don't make messes?" Cas said with a grin, before running his soapy hands down Dean's face.
Cas did, and his constant frown- god, did the guy even know how to smile?- deepened, and he did not appear shock or frightened as others did. This was the fun of Castiel Novak! He was difficult to get inside of- but breaking him was so worth it.
"Quite the contrary," Cas said as he looked down at another film. "He is a kind brother, but I am not comfortable asking him for things."
Dean smirked, striding over to the computer, "Care to explain why you're looking at a woman laying across an ugly car?"
The phone rang from the kitchen. It was an annoying, incessant tone until there was a click and a stranger asking when John could come in for a meeting. Probably some meeting with the electric company, or a new interview.
Cas stepped on the other pedal, forgetting to ease into it, and he car lurched forward. He jumped, before taking his foot off the car- not a good idea- and quickly pushing his foot against the brake. The car had only been going 15- enough to scare Cas- for a moment before slamming to the brakes.
“I mean, I like math and all- especially when dealing with technology. But really, could he put a little more enthusiasm in his teaching?”
He looks into Castiel’s eyes with something earnest and raw, and a part of Cas thinks this is one of those moments. A part of him thinks Dean is trying so hard to say something he can’t decide what to say first. Perhaps its cruel, but that same part of Cas takes comfort in Dean’s sudden bout of shyness.
Dean’s hand was cool in the absence of his friend’s skin. His mouth quirked past his cheeks. Goosebumps covered Dean’s body. Did the Novak’s want him to freeze? He rubbed at his arm, eyes looking anywhere but at Cas.
"No problem, hey, he's my friend too- though we all know you're a bit more than friends. But don't tell him about any of this, he'll just worry."
As Castiel walked down to his first hour, he felt shame with the knowledge that he was lying to Dean- again! He had wanted to keep his lies to a minimum, he'd never spoken of the priest once with Dean, that was to be the only secret. For Dean's sake. But it appeared his sinning wasn't over. Even now it continued, as Dean waved him over with a smile, and Cas entered his life once more to leave him in ruin- which he would be in, if he were to ever find out how disgusting Castiel was.
"You speak harshly of being itchy, for someone who is so fond of itching powder," Michael said as he buttoned his black jacket.
But as soon as anyone was to notice Dean knew a considerable amount of information about cars, he would shut down. Because realization meant questions of him, and Dean stiffened under authority- he became this while new person, and it truly worried Castiel, that he would change himself so much so easily.
want to help you. Shit man I threw myself in front of a rabid hound and got ripped to shreds to save my brother. You think I'd blame you for being worried about Anna, for being upset? You don't have to smile and shit man. I mean, I'm not gonna be on you all the time and force you to talk about shit. I just want you to know that you can, okay?"
Cas was scared of people touching him, he was scared but that didn't mean something didn't had to have happened- something didn't have to happen to someone in order for them to have a fear. Besides, that was crazy, he'd told himself, no one would ever hurt Cas.
Dean raised his eyebrows, a grin pulling at the corner of his lips. “Did you just say I seemed wac-“
Dad let him drive the car, the least Dean could do was plan for her bills. His eyes flickered over the room's cracks and dirty dishes, searching for answers he knew he wouldn't find.
In fact, he made sure was never the needy guy- in any relationship. Whether that be friendships, girlfriends, male.... acquaintances. He wasn't the needy kind of guy, he was aloof, and didn't have to worry about growing too attached to anybody.
"Does she not speak with you then? I understand not all siblings are close, and with the age gap you might have difficulties communicating. I'm sure you'd like to be close one day, of course. But I don't know Anna, perhaps she is unpleasant, or..."
Anna smiled, "Then you can hold 'em for him, Castiel. Just hold onto it, a dusty old attic isn't any place for these classics. Now, which one is it you're holding?"
Dean bit his lip, god he was a dumbass he was just pissing Cas off and confusing him, "Um, what you were doing with your sister. But like, in my car."
Castiel's shoulders shook as he placed his face in his hands, "he saw them Dean, the man, he saw my scars. It was so humiliating, he just..."
“It’s just that you wear them all the time; seriously it’s like a second skin. Dean I’ve see you wear that thing in the summer.”
Anna raised an eyebrow, turning to the steps to see Cas awkwardly walking down the stairs, biting his lip as everyone stared at him.
Dean smirked, stopping besides Sam at his brother's locked "Heh, don't let Jo or Charlie hear me, or Jess- they'd kick my ass if they heard that."
Sam smiled at the laughter she caused, shaking his head at Jess. She looked great tonight, of course, she always looked great- but her appearance made Sam feel, as usual, underdressed. Her long curly was down, framing her tan face, and she wore a pencil black skirt with a sparkly red shirt and black high heels.
Anna was also in a better mood, only asking a few questions about Dean now and then in order to not overwhelm her brother.
He laughed, as did Dean when he realized the situation, and they both slowly walked the puppy down the stairs, careful not to have him trip walking down the concrete steps.
Lisa faltered. "She- well I- I don't really know. I got her a cab, sent her home. She was using something crazy, though."
The guy was fascinated by winter. Snow never failed to make Castiel smile. Cas had loved ice since Dean could remember. Dean could easily understand why. And even if he couldn’t, the smile on his friend’s face was a sufficient explanation.
Cas bit his lip once more before speaking, "Gabriel would you- would you Ike to go with Dean and I?"
"It's ridiculous though, man. How am I supposed to want to know what I wanna make out of this lump of clay?"
Castiel sighed before throwing his hands in the air. He was further annoyed with memories of Dean doing the same. "Well what I was
Of course he was never truly sure with John, and as Dean quieted the impala, parking it in the apartment's driveway, he wished he would be given a straight answer- not that it was his place to ask, but he wished he could have one nonetheless.
Ruby raised her eyebrows before calmly speaking, "What was it? How much did she take? Where'd she get it?"
"I- I... I know you," Cas said with a frown, cocking his head, "I believe. I hesitate to say so, but I do- I don't know if this also causes you discomfort, but I believe I know you to a certain degree. I know when you're upset, or happy, or thinking of the past, or trying to pretend to be happy when truly you are not."
Cas frowned, unsure of what Anna meant, "I am assuming you meant to say I was in a pleasurable mood?"
Her eyes were wide and brown, filled with hurt as she listened. Her soft mouth was the color of berries and stood in a firm line.
Cas sighed of exhaustion- which was interrupted by his sneeze- and wearily looked up at her, his cheek moving against the couch as he did so, "Yes, Anna. I'm fine."
John had continued to say they were overstaying, and that he didn't like this either- that he'd be home soon, but Dean worried maybe his dad had simply realized how worthless he was and didn't want him ruining things any more.
who told me." He smiled, "There's only two other people in this world who could tell me- the man who did it, and the family member you told..."
He had thought Cas would get bored and leave, like everybody else. But Cas had proved him wrong, and Dean had never been so happy to be wrong. He had missed Cas, and he was glad Cas wasn't as nervous around him anymore; it made talking to him easier because now he knew what not to say.
a baseball dug into her face and blood went all over due to her thrashing and screaming. Gabriel Novak said the ball was gray and big and peeled off her face, all sticky and red. He said she had looked like a raccoon with big, black circles around both of her eyes.
Anna sighed, "Because, unlike you, I care about my family. I want to see them, and you won't cause me to waver in that decision."
Cas' eyes began to water, he couldn't hurt Crowley again- he'd worked so hard covering that up, "Stop," he said weakly, his blue eyes looked up to him pleadingly, "Please."
"....oh. Well, it sounded like you had. And to answer your question, he is a handsome man- er, teenager. He has tan skin, dark green eyes, and full lips, and very sharp bone structure. Also, he's taller than me."
"Yeah, well, I'm glad you walked over- I was worried about you when you left earlier, Cas are you okay?"
Dean frowned as Cas began to walk, standing up with him, "Hey, Cas, wait- look you don't have to be ashamed for telling me. If that's why you're leaving, please don't. I know it wasn't your fault, and I'm not upset with you- just... you don't have to go, if you want."
Bobby frowned, looking at Dean, "You boys were too far 'way- and y'know it was too dark for me too see, would it have killed ya to tell me you had a dog with you?"
It was especially interesting to Dean because he so often threw himself into things, threw himself into most things really. Sam was more of the cautious brother, the one who analyzed and reanalyzed and over analyzed to the point where it could drive a person nuts. He would know it had done so to him on multiple occasions.
“Oh, no wonder I haven’t seen you around- I’m a senior, I thought you were one as well actually, you’re quite tall.”
“Sorry for the interruption folks, but Deano here’s getting a little hypo.” Gabe tried to keep his tone light and casual, holding up the tube for them to see.  He pulled the stool over and sat beside the bed, doing his best to appear non-threatening.
“Hi, Dr Novak? I’m Charlie. I’ll be your guide, assistant, whatever you need.” she smiled at him enthusiastically, actually, maybe a little too enthusiastically. He wondered what she’d heard about him. Hopefully they weren’t telling the staff that he would work miracles, just before he was Pure.
With his penis enclosed in the device and the other component seated fully between his legs. The final plastic panels at the front and back of the device were raised and fastened to the heavy belt around Dean's middle. This way he could shift and move around on the bench a bit without dislodging from the machine, which was fitted inside the bench in such a way that moved with Dean's body, never allowing him to actually pull away from it. They strapped his legs with loose leather clips from the bench to the harness, just tight enough to keep him from moving back and forward very far. He could still shift his hips several inches as he pleased.
He wondered what treatment methods the medical team at Caladh House had tried, he really hoped it wasn't the 'Traditional' method.
Benny thinks for a minute, “He really likes Classic Rock, and before all this he loved junk food and working on cars. He’s one hell of a mechanic. He used to really like to cook, but he can’t do much of that anymore, since it’s not safe. He reads a bit, mostly pulp fiction and trashy romances, now that his ability to focus is shot, but he tries…” his voice loses its humor, “he tries to keep doing the things he still can. Can’t say he’s been able to do much of anything for a while now. He spends most of his time drugged up, restrained or asleep.” Benny’s voice has a defeated, brittle tone.
Castiel left earlier than Dean, shrugging on his jacket and collecting his phone and keys. He spent a moment disconnecting the tube, clearing it out with water and helpfully taping the end to the inside of back of Dean’s shirt so it wasn't in the way. He’d kissed him then, drawing him close and welcoming Dean’s equally enthusiastic efforts.
It’s a large room, practically an apartment by itself, with a small kitchen and separate bathroom off to one side. There’s king size bed tucked into one corner, near the bathroom and a sofa in another corner, one wall is mounted with screens featuring readouts from the dozen or so monitoring devices Dean wears, as well as some medical supply cabinets and a wardrobe for extra sheets, blankets and towels against the other wall.
Cas set Dean up at the kitchen table with a gravity bag hanging on the IV stand and set it to flow fairly quickly. He’d want this over with as soon as possible.
“No, I don’t think that’s necessary. Not yet anyway. I’ll handle it. I’m actually calling because I need you to tell me everything you know about what led up to Dean getting put under the OSP contract. He’s told me a little and there is some information in his file. But honestly, I need to hear the whole truth. I can’t help him unless I know.”
He slipped in the other side of the bed and curled his body around Dean. Checking his pulse and blood pressure on his phone before settling in to sleep, his ear resting over Dean’s heart where he could feel it beating steady and sure.
Castiel had stopped even before his skin started to pink up. He’d seen that look before in Dean’s eyes and that was misery, deep seated and enduring, no lessons would be learnt here, no calming release, nothing healthy. He couldn’t continue.
“I’m coming. I’ll be there in seven minutes. I want you to take the pills and focus on the breathing exercises we've practiced. Charlie will give you the injection if you need it,” he knows full well that Dean hates that medication. Sure, it prevents Omega Sensory Shock Syndrome, but medically induced submission isn't fun for anyone.
Benny swiped his ID card on the panel beside a double set of doors and a sharp click could be heard as they unlocked. He shrugged apologetically, “We didn’t previously keep them locked, but one time Dean snuck out here at night and got into a surgical tools cabinet. He tried to cut out his GPS tracker with a scalpel. He didn’t manage it, but after that, Dr Harris decided it would be safer if we keep the doors locked.”
“It’s ok, " Castiel comforts, petting him tenderly “we’re almost done for the day, just one more thing then we’re done, I promise.”
They had worked on coping strategies, sleep techniques, meditation, and even the limited use of medication. Mostly they had it sorted and were now focussing on the nightmares, but, Cas couldn’t help when circumstances meant that Dean struggled more than usual.
"You will always be mine. None of this matters. You are perfect. Ok?" He's waiting for a response, and Dean obliges, nodding, a little teary but agreeing, taking the comfort.
“Two, maybe three times a week? Usually only when needs help calming down. We haven’t used it more regularly because of the sensory issues he’s had, he finds it’s a bit overwhelming.”
“Go on,” He steels himself, “Next question.” He catches Cas’s eyes, daring him to continue and Cas, ready to take the hint does, pen in hand again and notebook ready.
Most Omegas experience a healthy appetite while in Heat, happily snacking between knottings. Replenishing energy and replacing the extra calories burned, but Dean’s not like most Omegas. During his heat, even the simplest foods cause waves nausea and pain. He can't help but resist when he knows what's coming.
He knew that globally, around two million people were members of one the Fifteen Traditional Societies. He knew that although this was just a tiny fraction of the global population, the Societies operated in almost every country and had an incredible level of power and influence on global politics and business. Although they technically chose to live their lives separated from the rest of the world, in the last two hundred years the power, wealth and social influence of The Societies had grown exponentially and now they owned several of the largest multinational corporations, held key seats in parliament, in universities and ran several of the world’s largest private banks.
Gabe for his part looked a little tense too, shifting the cooler repeatedly as he chatted to Charlie about her progress.
“It doesn’t hurt if that’s what you’re worried about,” Dean shrugs, “It’s not the most comfortable thing and most days I would rather it out, but honestly, and I’ll never tell Cas this cause he’d totally want to use it more often if he knew, but it’s a bit reassuring, you know? Not having to make sure I eat enough everyday and knowing for sure that Cas is keeping me healthy. It’s a mind trip, but I kinda have a love/hate relationship with it.”
The man seems to realize that he’s sincerely messed up because he pulls back his hand immediately, dropping back into a less imposing stance. His voice growing gentler, a little horrified at himself.
Castiel chose not to go down that road yet, it would be a conversation for a later time and probably with John instead of Sam. Instead, he chose to move on, focus back on what he could do now.
"He's too lucid. Hey," Gabe shook his shoulder, "Are you hurting Dean?" Gabe asked, peering down at Dean's increasingly rapid heart rate with concern. Cas slid his hands up Dean's back, feeling the tension building there.
This time Castiel was the one to grunt in annoyance, but he did reach out for the packet. Crumpling it in his fist as he started to lick the side of Dean’s neck.
“Yeah. Totally amazing. Wish you could try one,” Sam leans in for his second muffin before gesturing to the tube, “How’re you coping? With that I mean?”
He knows he should still be angry, pissed that they did this to him, but he can't make himself feel it anymore. Something needy takes over, something deep inside his mind that desperately wants to please unfurls and blocks out all the pain and rage. Instead he just feels a familiar, aching fullness, pleased that his alpha was buried deep inside him. Warmth at the knowledge that he was right where his alpha wanted him to be.
They'd just have avoid social situations and make sure to keep a close eye on his hygiene practices when going outside his rooms, at least until he was more stable, and his levels were higher.
The weight of their bodies pulling them together, Dean is clinging fiercely in his arms. He’s not crying, not able to yet. But he tucks his head into Cas’s neck, hiding from the fear he saw in Cas’s eyes. Hiding from reality a moment longer.
Sam pulled out another file, this one twice the size of the last. Cas tried not to blanche, that couldn’t be a good sign.
“Let’s try two weeks and see how we go from there,” Castiel smiled down at him, kissing him on the forehead as he eased the blanket up to chest height. He loved the times when he controlled this aspect of Dean’s life, although unfeasible for long term use, he did cherish the ability to directly nourish and care for his complex omega. Thankfully, simply the periodic reminder a couple of weeks on the tube was usually enough to have Dean eat more regularly.
“Dad was devastated. He’d tried really hard to connect with Dean, but we all failed. Even now, we don’t really even know him. He was polite, friendly even, but he never told us anything about himself, never really let Dad or anyone else in.”
They learned that as a baby, Dean had been stolen away from the safety of the Harbour and his loving father, who had never given up searching. How Dean, having been denied his true name and identity, was raised by heartless foster carers and brutal institutions. They heard how the callus government had refused to give him a designation test and then abandoned him, leaving him homeless and vulnerable.
That night as Cas was putting him to bed Dean reached out to touch his face, fitting his fingers along his stern jawline, he gathered his courage and said “Thank you,”
“Good,” Gabe encouraged as Dean arrived at his front and shifted to place his back against him. The tension, tight and visible in every movement he made.
“Yeah, I know that now. Then I just felt like when finally we were free, the world was still shitting on us from on high.” Sam huffs out a bitter little sort of laugh.
Sam too grabbed a couple of slices each for him and Jess and carried them over to the table. Dean sets out juice and coffee for them all before sitting himself down in his usual spot to wait for Cas to set up his bag. He tries not to be embarrassed, this is far from the first time either Sam or Jess has seen the process, but he still couldn’t meet either of their curious gazes.
“Ok, let’s get you on your side,” said Gabe, as much to Cas as Dean, who took the hint, turning both himself and Dean so they were face to face, resting against the pillow.
“Okay sweetheart. I got you.” Cas lets his voice guide them both as he eases his fingers down again, grasping at the base of the shaft. He holds Dean firmly there, letting him catch his breath, lest this be over all too soon.
“Listen man, I wasn't trying to go behind your back with the touching thing. I’m just trying to look out for you, do my job. I figured Cas needs to know if there is anything wrong.”
Benny just smiled fondly, “I also want to thank you for taking this job and agreeing to move here. I know it was a lot to ask of you at incredibly short notice. ”
Dean looks away at the earnestness in Cas’s eyes, he knows better than to argue, even if all he feels counters that belief entirely. Dean doesn’t know why Cas loves him, only that he does. He knows this to be true, a fact, even if he can’t explain why or even how he knows it.
“Almost there, just a little bit more,” Gabe worked the base slightly to make sure it was situated just right, tight against the muscle.
“Hey,” Gabe said, seeing the humour fall from Dean’s expression, “I know this sucks. I’d hate it too you know, I couldn’t stand a day without reaching for the nearest candy bar. But Cas, he’s only doing this because you need it.”
Castiel did know. Dynamic Disorders were often triggered by trauma, abuse, or neglect. He had hoped, that considering the substantial resources and effort they were investing in his care, this wouldn’t be the case here. But he’s starting to think Dean’s background might be a lot more complicated than he had initially assumed.
“This has to go too ok?” He asks, gesturing to the pillow under Dean’s head. He nods and allows Cas to slide it away. He lets his head fall back against the mattress, no longer able to watch what Cas is doing, trusting him.
Cas was rarely outwardly aggressive when in rut, instead focusing all his dominant urges towards Dean, generally through manhandling and controlling him physically. Not that Dean minded, he was well aware of their dynamic by now. Although Gabe had never assisted with their Heat before, he had watched the tapes carefully and discussed the matter with Cas. Worked out the best strategies to use while in the Rut phase.
Dean laughed, remembering the many, many failed attempts Sam had made over the years. A particularly black and smoking lasagna coming to mind especially. “The OSP taught me a little. Cas usually makes dinner but I like baking, desserts mostly but cakes and pies too.”
Nick died on a Wednesday afternoon, four months after entering the Treatment Centre and nine months after the death of his wife. He died quietly, his heart too weak to continue pumping blood through his veins. Castiel had sat with him the entire time, unable to do anything but watch as his pulse slowed and grew weaker. Unable to help.
For an Omega to also be classified as Submissive, like Dean was, it was almost expected that he would wear something linking him to Cas. That none of the monitors he normally wore were visible did result in the occasional uncomfortable questions about his status. It was well known that he was Submissive and no one mistook him for beta or alpha but he just didn’t feel able to show his status publicly, no matter how proud his was of being Cas’s omega. He wished he was more confident, more willing to embrace this, but too many painful memories crowded in every time he tried, every time he reached for the beautiful necklace Cas had engraved for him, every time he wished he could just pull on the purple wristband of his identity, he shook, anxiety bombarding him illogically until he took it off.
Gabe supposed you could call it a piece of furniture and it did nominally resemble a bed in its current neutral state. But a bed was actually the least of it’s uses, it was more a frame for Dean rest on, to hold his exhausted body as the Heat raged through him than any sort of bed.
Cas was hastily trying to remember the effects of Verindox, desperately cataloguing side effects and duration. It was a drug he refused to prescribe himself due to it’s potency and awful side effects of memory loss, depression, nausea, headaches to name a few. Most reputable doctors no longer even considered it an option.
Sam patiently waits him out, holding his own arms gently around Dean, understandably although mistakenly fearful of his past fragility, knowing full well how lucky he is to have this at all.
No matter how many times he’d shared Dean’s heat, he’d never lasted more than twenty hours. This time he’d only managed fifteen. Very much on the lower end of the normal range.
“Anyway, one night he got into a bar fight with the wrong off-duty cop. He was arrested for Aggravated Assault and Resisting Arrest, and because he already had a record, he was denied bail. He spent the next few months locked up awaiting trial. By then the symptoms had progressed to the point that even the prison warden was getting concerned, so when he collapsed, they took to hospital instead of treating him in the there. Thankfully, the emergency room doctors recognised the symptoms of Dynamic Definiency Syndrome (DDS) and ran the DSPD blood test.”
They scrubbed their hands thoroughly and checked their nails before moving over to the window. Castiel gazed through it curiously.
“Absolutely, let me just wash up and I’ll meet you in there.” He gets up and heads into the bathroom, calling out over his shoulder as he goes, “Don’t start without me.”
Castiel made himself some toast and coffee, sitting down across from him and opening up the newspaper. He handed Dean the sports section and kept the international news for himself. They sat quietly for a while, enjoying the calm before the storm of their busy lives engulfs them. Castiel looked up for a moment and caught Dean eyeing the mug of coffee enviously, he’d normally have gulped his own down greedily by now and was probably feeling the lack of caffeine keenly. When he first met him, Dean had been consuming six to nine cups a day and had built up a significant tolerance for the stuff. Cas had cut him back to two cups a day, one in the morning and one in the afternoon after the effects of the first had worn off. But, it couldn’t be helped really and Castiel wasn’t going to bend his rules for simple cravings so he ignored it, finishing off his own cup quickly enough and putting it in the dishwasher.
“Ok, I’m starting the insertion now," Castiel was always like that, kind but insistent, no room to refuse even as he comforted and commiserated. He lubricated the tip with a small amount of anaesthetic gel and held it up for Dean to see, before he gently threaded the tube inside of the left side of Dean’s nose and pushed insistently. Dean gagged. He always gagged at this point and Castiel knew to expect it, expected him to try to pull away from the discomfort. That was why he had positioned him sitting in a chair against the wall, and had placed his free hand behind Dean's neck. Nowhere for him to move away, to escape.
“Three,” Dean’s mulling it over, “I want it. I do. But Cas I’m already desperate here, I’m not sure I can do three more days.”
“Dean? Dean Winchester?” The voice sounded friendly, male and possibly a little familiar. Dean turned, he’d been making his way across to park to his studio but, decided he’d be better not rudely walk away since the man obviously seemed to know him and the day outside was so nice, he didn’t mind the interruption at all.
“I lied.” He whispered to the bend between Cas neck and ear, “I told them it was an accident. I said he came for a visit and we were going out to dinner. I lied and told them it was an accident and that he didn’t realize how drunk he was. I didn’t want them to know just how worthless I was, that my own father tried to kill me.”
He decided that he might as well make use of the time and set about pulling together ingredients for a batch of muffins and some banana bread for breakfast.
Dean slides his legs back down and eases his stiff knees. He just wants to sleep now, to drift off to nothingness, it’s nice actually, the empty feeling without the rush of release, new but nice.
“Yes,” clear and precise, as much as it was hard, Dean truly did want to try this, give this over to Cas, submit his needs to him.
“I know sweetheart.” Cas shushes, resting his head beside Deans on the pillow, letting his solid weight do the rest. He has Dean’s arms pulled up above both their heads, resting on the pillow, his wrists gripped tight in his hands, he doesn’t let go.
“Good, that gives us time to get some food in him and hopefully a little sleep while I ready the heat room.”
“Dean, I need you to listen to me and follow my instructions, just like we’ve practiced,” Dean nods, desperate for anything, any way to escape this, but he thinks he’s about to pass out. He takes Dean’s hands and places them, one on his chest and the other lower on his stomach. He rests his hands over Dean's, a warm reminder.
“I didn’t mean to!” Dean reached up and touched the tube self-consciously, but she batted his fingers away.
He was barely a day into his contract and he’d already learned so much, and so little, about the man who, for the next year, would be the centre focus of his life. Castiel was beginning to feel a little overwhelmed by the immensity of the task ahead.  He flipped shut his notebook and gathered up the files Sam had given him.
“Can’t say I’ve met many progressives. I was raised and spent most of my life here, so there hasn’t been much opportunity,” her eyes seemed curious rather than hostile, “they’ve asked me to help you fit in around here, you know, teach you about our customs, beliefs, protocols, and basically anything else that comes up. I’d be mighty pleased if you’d be willing to do the same for me? I’m so curious about all of it!” Charlie is beaming at him with puppy-like enthusiasm.
Because sitting here and waiting to be opened up, he can't help thinking back to those early examinations, dozens of cold uncomfortable hours spent on his back while the doctors tried to figure out what was going on with him internally. So many test, so many samples. And though they tried to be kind, be quick and gentle, Sam's hands, one on his shoulder and the other smoothing back his hair, was the only thing that kept him from fighting off those who were only trying to help. Well that, and the straps that held him tight.
to this by now, he still doesn’t like them. It’s that all he can see while Cas is working on him is his own legs forced up and out, his body completely aroused, exposed and open. Cas knows all this and still straps him in every time, still pulls his legs apart and shifts his hips just right, so that he has maximum access. And sometimes, if he strains too much trying to see, Cas will sigh, sounding all disappointed and get out the head strap, clipping it to the headrest and pulling it tight across his forehead. Reminding him to relax and trust him, just let it happen, let go, submit. And Dean will remember how much he wants it, would feel regret if he missed this, filling some basic instinctual need, but sometimes it takes a while.
They rushed him to the hospital and put him back on the suppressants. Then they called the OSP on me.”
At the front Cas pulled up another section of the device and slid Dean's cock down into an attached chamber, his balls resting in a silicone sheath behind it. Gabe couldn't help but wince, while the device between Dean's legs would bring him only pleasure, the secondary one in which his dick was currently being fed was designed to limit penile sensation and prevent orgasm if necessary. Medical research had shown that vaginal and clitoral orgasms were the key to ending Omega Heats, and that penile orgasms could actually delay the process. Although normally it didn't matter as Omegas heats were generally able to resolve on their own, anything that prolonged Dean's were to be prevented. They usually tried to make the first 24 hours of his heats as normal as possible, including allowing penile orgasms. But after that, they actively prevented them.  It was tough on Dean, but he understood.
Dean can feel the first orgasm hit, like a soundwave at a concert, heavy beats pulsing through his bones and joints. He shakes with it, joyful and overwhelmed, clenching against Castiel's clever fingers. Panting, he rests forehead on Cas's shoulder, oversensitive to the fingers still moving between his legs and the device's still pushing up, filling up his insides.
“That’s common. The effect of the movement restrictions combined with deep, constant pressure on the torso can be gradual and take some time to reach full impact. He may not even realise that it's the vest that's making him feel better. How often do you use it?”
Sam paused, "Yeah, good point. Here, why don't you keep the white shirt on- and then just wear your green jacket? It's not too heavy."
is code for managing something scary or if he’s overthinking Dean’s question. He’s working on being honest with those around him. Trust is essential to any relationship and Castiel can’t trust Dean to read his mind any more than he can trust himself to never need anyone’s help.
He hadn't asked, more so told Anna of his predicament- and she had offered. He had refused profusely, saying he could not ask her for such money, saying he had his own from many saved holidays.
God had once been something to marvel at, and Castiel’s love for Him had been so wonderful to see. It had given Anna more faith than anything else could have, the way her brother’s eyes had lit up with awe when speaking of God had been, well, beautiful. But now Castiel seemed afraid of him- and Anna almost wished (she knew she should not wish this, but sometimes she did) that Castiel did
She couldn't help but think of Castiel finding the letter. Oh she would hate for that, Castiel couldn't be the first to find that letter. It needed to be Michael, or even Naomi- Gabriel would be moved, but he could handle this better than Castiel.
Gabriel sighed, "I know you have children's lives to ruin, but right now you'll just have to stick to ruining ours."
Charlie looked at him with a straight face, and broke out into a grin, laughing loudly. “I like you,” she managed through her laughter.
"You're right," she said with a grin. "I do have cooler friends to hang out with-" her grin grew, "But you're more than my friend, aren't you?"
"I just... I really like it here, y'know? I like getting to see you and Ash more than a few times a year. I like working with Bobby. And- and Sam likes it here too,
Jo glared at him, her finger in his face. "Dean Winchester if you don't finish that thought I'm cutting you off, for good. No more discounted beers at the roadhouse, no full priced alcohol you'll be cut off."
"Rest assured Dean, you are not alone, my parents also had a habit of disagreeing with one another."
Well, not that often- maybe on occasion. But Cas' were different, they were big and blue, and mysterious- it was like a whirlpool around his pupil, or some poetic shit like that. Whatever comparison he was making, they were pretty.
"I can assure you," Lucifer said with a cool stare, "it was not shit, I killed a man- very important, if you don't watch your tone I may be forced to repeat my actions."
Gabriel huffs, but doesn’t argue. He knows John’s right. Even though he detests High Protocol, and he needs to be forced into it every single time, he also responds beautifully. Falling easily into a deep headspace almost every time he is made to do it. If only he didn’t find it so damn irritating.
She led him down the corridor only two more doors and didn’t even bother knocking before swinging the door wide open and practically yelling towards the occupant inside.
“Yeah, I guess I can see how that might happen,” Sam sounds uncertain, still finds it unusual to hear his own brother talking about getting looked after.
Dean thinks it over but shakes his head, obviously reluctant to have his mouth filled again so soon.
Instead, he pulls out the earliest file he has on Dean, the one the OSP gave him when he first agreed to the contact. It has what little was known about Dean’s past, which Castiel has practically memorised by now. He’s added to it over time, what little Dean had been able to share and from his own observations but much of it is still blank, still barely filling in the gaps of a history drenched in pain.
“What’s your plans for today?” he asked curious. Mostly on Thursdays Dean worked from home, though lately he’d been going in more often to work with some students on a particular project for the university’s anniversary. Dean doesn’t like to go out as much when he has particularly obvious attachments. Although it’s perfectly acceptable for an Omega to need extra support at times, but the particular methods that Castiel uses are unusual enough to draw some uncomfortable questions. Luckily most of the students and fellow staff are familiar now with Castiel and his methods, they see the benefit his guidance has had on one of their most popular teachers.
After he eases out the speculum, he pressed his palm flat against Dean’s abdomen, leaning over trying to gain back his focus.
I just want to touch, he desperately wished he could tell them, I won't try to stop it, I just want to feel it, please! But as always, his mind and body refused to cooperate. Speech was difficult at the best of times, let alone now when it felt like every time he shifted the thing sensed whatever small space it could take and moved to fill it, it forced more and more air out of his body.
Lightning-fast emotions flicker across Dean’s face, disappointment, anger, frustration. But eventually giving way to resolve, he nods. He knows how this goes by now.
“Dean,” Castiel gently wipes his hair back from his forehead, smiling warmly at him as he crouched beside his side of the bed, “You need to get up. We have a lot to get through today.”
He thanked Benny and then took a quiet breath, steadying himself to finally meet Dean. He didn’t knock, not wanting the harsh rapping sound to be the first thing Dean heard, instead he just opened the door and quietly walked inside.
They both ignored Gabe, who took the opportunity to leave before the next round really got started. But not before placing more bottled water on the side table and taking one more look at Dean's vitals.
Dean nodded, he remembered the instruction from this morning. Gabe slid his hand down between Dean’s legs, laying his palm flat along his pelvis, not the most accurate position, which was internal but enough for him to feel if Dean was doing the exercises properly.
He reached into the front of his carry-on bag and pulled out his Blood Hormone Meter and testing kit. Pricking his finger with the lancet, he then collected the resulting drop of blood on the testing strip, which he inserted into the meter. It didn’t take long for the result to flash up on the screen. He was a little low, but not worryingly so. He would need to be careful though and probably to increase the frequency of his tests to four times a day, just in case.
His hand is slick with the scented oil they’d added to the water and readily slips along the shaft, keeping his hand just this side of too tight, too slow. And he can feel Dean holding himself still, feet braced against the bottom of the tub, the muscles of his thighs practically vibrating with tension. But he doesn’t move, fights back to urge to push up against the palm now working over the head of his cock.
"Dean? Sweetheart, you need to relax your body. I know it's hard, but you have to try," Cas sounded sad, as he brushed his fingers through Dean's hair and down his neck.
Dean remembers a lot from those days, but much of it is a bit blurry around the edges. He knows he wasn’t in a good place and that affected his ability to care about what had been happening to him, apathy and pain had played a great part in his descent. He thinks he remembers vaguely a day Cas had spent an inordinate amount of time fingers deep in his ass but he can’t be sure that is what he’s referring to, Cas spent a lot of time deep in his ass in those days.
“I’ll have someone show you around the clinic later this afternoon. It’s a well-stocked facility, but if there is additional equipment or resources you may require in your treatment, if you provide him with a list, we will make sure it is provided. Benny, Dean’s primary nurse and carer since here arrived here, will be able to answer your medical questions better than I can.”
Cas was already dozing off himself, the exhaustion winning out over protectiveness. Gabe smiled to himself, might as well get a couple of hours himself. It was going to be all hands on deck tomorrow, no more lazing around in the living room from now on.
Gabe nods. It's never easy for omega's to bear the pheromone gas, with normal Omegas they rarely have to use it, but as usual, Dean requires a different approach. They're able to give him a short break from it, but not long, he'll need a lot more of the pheromones to get through the heat, at least now Cas wouldn't react to it so it was safer to use.
He fixed Dean with a look that told him exactly what was expected. Dean sighed, and finally shifted back against his pillows.
Dean rouses, pulling his arms against the unrelenting straps. Cas eases off the blindfold and the mask, gently kissing his cheek where the edges had pressed deep lines into the tender skin.
“Ok, no problem. I have patients lined up till around one but I want you fed at least twice before then. So we’ll do one now and I’ll send Gabriel by around eleven with the next bag.” Cas wished he could do both feeds himself but he has other responsibilities. Gabriel's an excellent nurse, alongside Benny and Charlie, he was someone Cas could rely upon to care for Dean in his absence. They’re also friends which helps quiet Dean’s protests that he can do it himself, he always looked forward to catching up with Gabe.
Dean smiled at Cas' speech, his eyes gliding over to his friends now and then- seeing if they approved. His friends all seemed happy with Cas, as he had figured they would, but still- it was nice to know they liked Cas. None of them mentioned Cas suddenly appearing, nor did they ask why he hadn't before.
"Nah, Dean's got a point little- er, not so little- man. Dude's masturbate- m'sure chicks do too- fact of life."
Not that Cas needed encouragement. Mrs. Novak had a photo of Cas in ice skates hanging in the kitchen. Dean would recognize the wide, awkward grin anywhere. Cas must have been four or five since he was leaning on someone’s leg and gripping a chair with one hand.
The eighteen year old continued to cry, snot running down his tear streaked face as he sat in his smelly clothes. God, he looked awful- the preacher was right, he was disgusting!
Anna and he had begun sharing housework, he spending a little less time double and triple checking his homework to assist his sister. Also, with all the work Gabriel had put in, it was about time he received a few days off. Which he did, and the three Novaks enjoyed them immensely together.
Dean bit his lip, waiting for her to expand on her comment. She didn't. He shook his head, annoyed with himself for encouraging the conversation.
No one was coming, Cas thought, as the skinny man licked his ear. No one would help him, he thought, as the blonde ripped his nails through Castiel's head, pulling dark hairs out with laughter. He was alone, he thought, as the heavier man lined himself up.
Anna knew how to help him. Anna found the thorns nestled in his heart and plucked with sad eyes and a kind voice. He felt poison festering in her absence.
Cas bit hit lip, finishing making his brother's beds before moving on to cleaning up another part of the room. Naomi thought she was so sneaky, so careful and smart- which she was, but Castiel's hearing had only become better as time passed. He had grown accustomed to hushed voices, angry tones speaking his name.
Cas nodded, surprised- and slightly fearful- that she had called him, "I am sorry, I didn't realize he was growing impatient."
"I hardly think your establishment is too dignified to receive my rendition of Swan Lake," Lucifer said, not looking up from the table.
Cas paused, realization lighting up his blue eyes as his small smile formed into a real one, "Yes! I- I understood your humorous intentions!" He grinned, "at last!"
He heard his sister running up the stairs and backed away from the door, as she stopped in front of him. She closed the door behind them and lowered her voice to a whisper.
Really it was dad’s chair, but he wasn’t here. Dean took full advantage of this and happily made the chair his own. Sam looked up at him from the small kitchen table, where he was planning ideas for an essay that wouldn’t be due for another two weeks.
So Cas did not come over all week, and they never had a chance to talk on the phone because John was constantly calling for him. Honestly, it kind of pissed Dean off, and then he felt like crap for being a disloyal son. His dad had work for him to do, so he did it. End of story.
“No man,” Dean said with a chuckle, “Just uh, a little surprised by the topic. But uh...” he scratched his head, grinning at something Castiel could not see.
The fourteen year old looked at him with another condescending bitch face, that, quite frankly Dean thought was becoming too normal an occurrence, “It wouldn’t have been that hard for dad to be around for the first day of school for once.”
Dean looked over at him, "Hey man, its cool- chill out, you're fine. Why are you so against driving Cas?"
Some people may be frustrated Dean doesn't know yet, but this chapter was really important for background information, and was necessary.
Cas sighed, approaching Dean with a frown. Dean noticed the defeat in his stature and looked over at him with worry, concern clouding the pines of his eyes.
There had been a time when Castiel marveled at school, he'd thought education was another of God's greatest creations- the gift of knowledge. He'd loved school, loved making friends, and learning new things everyday. School was always changing, evolving into something more wonderful than the previous day, it made Castiel so amicable. But some of his siblings had never agreed.
The boy coughed, tongue slopping against caked blood as he tried to gag. There was too much. His eyes widened as the dried and drying blood continued to fill his mouth, only bleeding further as time passed, filling his every sense with red.
Cas raised an eyebrow, "As dear as you are to me, no, I am not making someone as lovely as you my art- which only pales in comparison to your features."
Castiel shrugged, "Despite our minuscule age difference, I must admit we do have a higher sense of knowledge when concerning high school, which is terrible. Particularly our junior year, which was insufferable. You and Jess shall be gifted, neither of you shall have to interact with Dick."
He gasped, eyes dropping to the floor. He exhaled shakily; his feeble hands pawed at the couch. He could not steady himself.
"I do not... sound like myself, with these thoughts. Which is- I mean, that's stupid. Of course I sound like myself I- I am myself. Who else would I be?"
The stout man grinned from lower down Castiel, taking his underwear off. Castiel saw him through the pierced man's legs, and held in a sob, hoping the man would change his mind if he was quiet- they were taking him, they were all going to touch him and lick him and come inside him, his shuddering became worse.
Dean chuckled, "Uh, Cas, I' sure you meant your happy and whatnot- but uh, it sounds like you're talking about..." 'How to phrase this in a serious way?' "Like you're saying you like men."
He had been seeing her for almost a month now and each visit seemed easier than the last. Aliyah had not changed yet Castiel more comfortable in her presence. Sometimes (not that he would ever,
John slowed the car down in front of the school, looking at the boys expectantly as Dean hurried to unbuckle. Dean opened the door and skid out if his seat, making room for Sam to get out of the car. Sam climbed out of the car with a glare, not saying a word to their dad.
He sighs, counting backwards and focusing on Dean’s thumb which has somehow found its place on top of his hand, tucked in between his thumb and his closed palm. Cas blinks, tilting his head as he runs through the situation one more time. Dean isn’t upset, he reminds himself.
He had a freakin meltdown when that asshole at the party came into him- and Dean wasn't saying he didn't have a right to be upset, course he did! But... the... running away.... the crying in the bathroom, the locking himself in a stall, he and Meg having to convince him to come out- that wasn't normal.
Cas shook his head, "Oh, no there's no party- I knew you wouldn't want any big celebration, but I did get you a present." He smiled, "Your friends signed the card-"
Cas tensed, lowering his voice so no one would hear, "Crowley," he growled, "If you're here to speak about-"
He was alive. He had Sam, and Jo, and Ash, and Charlie, and his dad, and Cas. That was all he needed, hell, that was more than he deserved. Definitely more than Kevin ever got, or Benny, or Ava, or Nancy, or Daniel, or Christian, or any of the other people he had watched, or left to, die.
Cas was crumpled on the ground, crying and screaming- gasping for air as he continued to utter the same word, over, and over again. Dean walked closer to him, he couldn't let Cas think this was his fault- it wasn't! He didn't deserve to think that way!
“With all due respect, I believe God is worried about other things than making sure a twenty three year old doesn’t fall on her ass while playing Twister. Left hand, yellow.”
Because he was so tired of his Uncle's watchful stare, the ever hanging threat of him contacting the preacher. He was so tired of feeling worthless and wrong.
Dean smiled, stepping closer, taking his hand and stepping into he and Sam's bedroom before kissing Cas' cheek, "Bothering you, am I?"
She pinched her nose with her thumb and forefinger, her other hand covering a loud sound within her mouth. “Oh my god I- no, okay? I didn’t stop having sex with Dan Harper but-“ she laughed. “Christ that’s not why we’re going to the
He looked at Naomi with pity, "What in the hell did Anna do that was so bad that'd make you not wanna be there for her?"
Dean said nothing, smiling at his friend- noticing Bobby in the background as he did so. Bobby sat on his old rocking chair, watching the scene with his beer and a smile. Dean's smile brightened at this; at least he had one adult who would approve.
Colored lights flashed around them, sweat covered bodies pressed against one another, the heat and color nearly blinding her as she passed Crowley. A loud backbeat began to fill her senses, but she could still hear Crowley's voice over the huge speakers, the dealer shouting something to her.
"But I'm soaking wet," Cas said with a frown, "My apologies for that, by the way, truly I need to learn to drive."
The quiet, soft room was painted in creams and soft plum. He sat on a worn purple couch, Dean adjacent to him. Dean's blue and green flannel was a size too large. The ends brushed Castiel's fingertips like a safety net, waiting to pull him away if things became dangerous.
"How can we supposedly live in a nation that has freedom- if some people can't even get married? And every time someone tried to change that, they're shot down by those who are too ignorant to understand basic human rights."
Cas leaned over the old railing as well, grinning, "It is true! I have finally begun to understand your brother's jocular motives!"
Really it was an all-around bad idea to agree, really Dean would be fine- surely he would manage on his own. Obviously Cas wouldn't be any help. Really there were no benefits to agreeing to Sam's request.
Dean and Cas stepped out of the car, Dean smiling at Bobby like an idiot as he looked at Cas before smiling giddily. God that boy was so damn obvious.
worked out. No wonder Cas hated crying so much. God maybe if people had let him know once in a while he was a good person he wouldn't be so convinced Anna's disappearance was his fault. Maybe if they'd actually watched him he wouldn't be terrified that a priest was going to come back and rape him!
"You don't mean that," Anna snapped. "He lives here, this is his home- this is where he's studied, played, slept, ate- this is where his life is." He heard a shaky intake of breath, "You
Bank robbers with guns? Fine. Murderers? Okay. Gang members? Alright. Mafia? He'd make it work. But dealing with his family? Now that was scary. He couldn't stand seeing his family argue, it was always angry and hard to forget. But Dean always watched out for them, and Dean always worried about them.
It was one of the many reasons Cas admired him so. 'But as what?' He asked himself. 'As a friend, or something more?' But he knew his ignorance was false, as they both knew what the teen thought of each other.
"Castiel, I've noticed you have a lot of understanding in Dean's case. Why don't you try having the same compassion you have for Dean, for yourself?"
Dean scoffed as he got out of the car,turning to Sam as he stepped out as well, "I thought you were supposed to be helpful."
Study hall proved to be, for once, an eventual class- as Dean had to send Sam an email reminding him that Dean would be dropping him off at Jess'. Really he was just lucky the girl didn't mind, or her parents- or else he'd have probably been screwed. When Dean entered the computer room in the library he knew Cas would be there- and okay, so maybe he had sent Cas a few stupid emails to bug him.
Castiel was not sure why but the answer frustrated him. Aliyah's recommendations were clearly depleting his energy. He should not be doing this; he should not be asking himself stupid questions. Cas felt his lip quirk in the corner as he approached Dean's street.
Gabriel looked at his siblings before putting on a fake smile, before losing it and replacing it with a joking smile- ah, that was better. He'd just do what he always did when his family was bugging him- bugging him, aka controlling his life, breathing down his neck, and causing his siblings to have nervous breakdowns- piss 'em off with his attitude.
"Aw, come on- let me see, turn that frown upside down!" Gabriel said in an annoyingly cheerful tone.
Someone had moved the bowl to the very back of the cabinet. The shiny apples mocked him, resting a few inches from his grasp. He frowned.
Castiel nodded, ignoring students mingling around them. He raised a hand to Sam's shoulder, ignoring the three inches between them as patted his shoulder.
Castiel had been terrified Dean would think him ridiculously and flee had he ever the chance to see his house.
Cas sighed, sitting down on the floor as Dean closed and locked the door, walking over to his boyfriend. Dean frowned at where Castiel was sitting, especially when there was a perfectly good (okay, it was old and crappy but still) couch right there.
Cas sighed biting his lip- he had already turned down the request before. Once when Dean was concerned, and upon their first meeting when Sam had invited him to sit with them, and each time he had said no. Would he deny his friend a third time? That seemed rather insolent.
Sam groaned, glaring at Dean. “You know, just because I become annoyed with a subject does not automatically mean I like a-
Dean leant down, and Cas bit his trembling lip- don't be afraid, don't be afraid, it's just Dean, you were being stupid he won't hurt you, Dean won't hurt you, Dean won't hurt you, Dean won't hurt you.
Castiel sighed, "I am sorry for making you uncomfortable. That's all I seem to be able to do with people- you've made jokes, and I have become upset with you, a man came onto me, and I made it so you had to come fetch me from the bathroom."
"You seem very supportive of one another tending to your mental health. Dean, you came to support Castiel today. And Castiel, you want Dean to be more open about his own experiences."
Cas was silent, staring at him, "Dean, could we... not? Please? I really just want to be with you right now, and not talk about that."
"They don't pay me to sit around and watch psychopaths talk themselves up, Lucifer. Now, tell me, how did Castiel Novak find himself at the hands of some of your gang members?"
Cas felt his heart flutter at the acknowledgment before brushing over the thought. They had known one another for a year, such emotional thoughts hardly seemed appropriate.
One thing about Bobby that Dean loved was that he didn't pity people, he just cared about them. Dean had been unsure of how to explain (or not explain) the situation to Bobby, but Cas had saved him with his bluntness.
He quickly made his bed, doing his best to fix his brother’s beds as well, then Castiel hurried down the carpeted steps, nearly tripping on the turn. Gabriel lowered the newspaper he was currently holding. He raised an eyebrow from his seat in the living room as he folded the paper. Gabriel placed it on the small side table next to the small, red, chair he was currently sitting in.
Dean rolled his eyes, "Man, I don't care- you know about my weird ass family, we travel the country killing 'monsters'. Pretty hard to be stranger than that."
Dean leaned over, hugging him. Cas' shaking pale hands were feeble and still cold from running in the rain, they trembled as they wrapped around Dean's back, closing around him.
Anna and Naomi were lucky, they only had to share with each other. He wished he had a twin sibling to share a room with, it wasn’t exactly easy for a six year old to share with brothers almost ten years older than him. That was another strange thing about the room arrangement, the age difference, with Lucifer and Michael both being fourteen and Gabriel being barely a year younger, a six year old really should not have inhabited this room.
"No I- I know, I just haven't seen you in a while." She rushed to show some understanding, "Which is fine, I mean, I completely understand that you've been busy."
Christmas passed with smiles and slightly awkward gift exchanges- at least, for Dean and Cas. Both had agreed if they did receive presents from one another- which was also not required but would be accepted, as they had both felt unsure of this as well- they were to be small. Cas knew Dean could not afford very much, and had graciously said he was not very experienced with exchanging presents with friends, and that he would appreciate it if the presents were required to be smaller in order to make this easier on him.
"Then why are the lack of communication? Is she unwilling to discuss you being unhappy? Or wanting to leave school?"
"My point exactly Sam. You know, it was a twisted religious man who killed John Lennon," Castiel said with a frown, "David Chapman did not like that John said they were bigger than Jesus, and he thought some of his songs- Imagine, for example- were blasphemous. The murderer killed him, over religion."
Castiel gulped, eyes dropping to his hands. He grabbed at his trench coat. His fingers circled the coat's brown buttons.
Dean snapped his fingers, grinning, " Yeah! Yeah you love Finding Nemo Cas," he laughed, "we've seen that a few times now."
But it also left him alone with his thoughts for too long, and that destroyed him. So Castiel did what he always did when he found his thoughts becoming too much, he turned on his beloved British band. Soon The Beatles were softly playing. Castiel could have sworn he heard Anna laugh.
He glared at Dean, "Then you can help fix me- then you can help heal the broken boy! Well I don't need you- I don't need you to fix me, Dean Winchester! You think I'm stuck in some horrendous world, and I can't take care of myself! Like I'm trapped in some awful place and it's your job to break me out, but it's not!"
Cas frowned, his head tilting in confusion as he frowned at his sister, "Would you appreciate assistance?"
Crowley smirked and went to open his mouth, but the fist Castiel brought forward to his face silenced him. Castiel glared, punching Crowley in the stomach- the shorter man attempted to keep his composure, but this wasn't easy after being practically thrown against hard metal and then punched twice.
The wind was knocked from him as memories flooded into his mind and lungs. When Gabriel was younger, Michael would say he had long, blonde 'surfer hair.' One day Gabriel grew curious about surfers and invited Castiel to research the sport.
"Well, even if you worry a lot and try and act like everyone's mom- you'll still always be my little sister."
She smiled, shaking her head fondly, "Of course," she went into the downstairs bathroom, avoiding bumping into Michael- having only two bathrooms and five siblings was not easy- grabbing a brush from the drawer and running it under the water.
Gabe shook his head, "Trust me, Meg probably struggles more with Cas than you think- don't be so hard on yourself, you're great for him. Honestly I'm his brother and I feel like I don't know shit about him some days."
"Please d-don't h-hate me," Cas mumbled into Dean's jacket, a tear collecting on the leather, "I couldn't stand it if y-you h-hated me."
The younger teenager left the bathroom, looking around for Anna. He saw the girl sitting on the steps, apparently reading. Dean frowned realizing he did not know where any towels were kept- after all, he couldn't have taken one from the bathroom Castiel was in, as that would have ruined the awkwardness of leaving for Castiel to undress that he did not want his friend to feel.
He also told Cas it made Sam better and worse at making friends. He knew the steps to secret handshakes and saved seats on the bus, but he was eager to fit in, eager to be happy. And this desire for happiness often left Sam drowning in misery.
The embarrassment Dean had felt, knowing he would have to tell Cas his present would probably be complete crap, was gone immediately- he'd never appreciated the guy morel asides from the nightmares, and telling him he was allowed to be upset with his dad, or Sam, or helping him with homework- you know, maybe there were just too many moments where Castiel Novak made Dean smile.
"I'm- I am sorry, would you truly benefit from some assistance? Is that what is upsetting you?" Cas said, trying to figure out what was wrong.
"Right, I understand what you're saying- peoe have to realize that when most people do bad things, it's not bad in their head. That doesn't justify it, but most people don't set out with the intention of ruining the world. Sometimes people feel the need to show power, or they have a need for control, or maybe they have really strong beliefs."
There was also the fact that he was 6 feet tall. That didn't exactly work to Crowley's advantage, nor did that stupid whore Meg Masters, who had been buddies with the paranoid liar since they were kids. She kept an eye out for Crowley, watched him, she didn't just look at him- she made direct eye contact with him. Every. Time. She saw him.
Castiel was sobbing, he could feel his lungs expanding and shrinking, inhaling sharp air too quickly- his body shaking with cries.
"Forgive me if locating a violent, sadistic gang who everyone seeks rancor against proves to use duplicity against you and I. As surprising as it is, they have taken precaution to being discovered," he said dryly.
He wonders if Dean is replicating Naomi’s actions right now. If, he too, is so desperate for a family he’s hurt himself to keep the remaining family he still has. In the back of his mind, Cas decides that he should talk to Naomi about this one day. Not today, no, today he will spend time with Dean. Cas won’t allow himself to ruminate in the past and weigh himself down with regret. He wanted to be happy, and he wanted that same happiness for Dean.
Cas nodded, picking up his graphic pencil and returning to his work. He really shouldn't have put it down in the first place, after all he had work to do and talking could wait. But he had felt rude not paying attention to the male besides him, besides; it was art, so Castiel allowed himself to breath for a time while he and Dean conversed. Castiel frowned, smoothing out the ends of his work, he still wasn't the best, but when he took his time- which he always did- it turned out alright. Currently he was working on a small sketch of Anna, part of his apology. Also, she was just easy to draw.
"Are you sure we should take him out for a walk, Dean? It did rain yesterday, it's rather muddy out."
His brother grinned at that, his big brown eyes going to the puppy. It was kind of funny, this 6'0 14 year old kid grinning at the thought of a puppy, Dean laughed softly as Sam softly scooped the puppy up- always having a gentle nature to him- and walked up the creaky steps to he and Dean's bedroom.
They all looked nervous, except Michael of course, always in control. Castiel watched his siblings with big eyes, he saw Gabriel running a hand through his long hair, muttering something. Anna and Naomi were getting out of the small silver car, Naomi straightened her dress shirt and looked at their small house, not one to show emotion.
The older boy looked at him, pausing from his attempt to loosen his sweater. He nodded, “Yes, yes it will. That’s why we’re here- to watch the cross kill the unworthy, good thing we’re on the left side, huh?”
Dean especially loved introducing Castiel to new people, even if he never remembered their names. Dean Winchester was a big name around here, and with it, there was a big list of names to know. Cas insisted Dean knew everyone, but he was just friendly.
At the moment, he should have been with Dean, but of course, Cas had gotten sick. And had a panic attack. Over a puddle.
So it upsets him when Dean mentions the holiday 'Halloween coming up, bar your doors Cas- and stock up on candy for the porch' and Castiel says he won't have that problem because his family doesn't celebrate Halloween.
He, Anna, and Gabriel stood behind him in the upstairs hallway, occasionally glancing out from behind Lucifer's body before shortly regressing to their prior positions. Despite the undeviating tension between the siblings, the four siblings knew the other did not see Zachariah in the light Michael or Naomi saw him. Anna in particular seemed uneasy with Zachariah's presence, biting her lip when she saw their uncle.
Or perhaps not, considering how often he ran off to his job and stayed out until midnight and left for work. But since when did anyone in her family know how to deal with the truth? Nevertheless, it could not be Castiel who first discovered her absence- she hoped it would not be.
Sam nodded, "Yeah, sometimes people are just scared- and they run off from things unnecessarily. Humans can be easily scared off by something just cause they're not familiar with it. Or they can be mean to someone just because they don't understand them, and sometimes they don't even mean to, they just don't realize what they're saying is hurtful."
Zeppie smiled at them both, paws waving in the air as Sam pet him. The German shepherd's tongue hung out of his mouth as he looked at Dean, almost encouraging him to speak. He held back a laugh at Zeppie's big, soft brown eyes.
Cas hurriedly opened the door, wood banging against wood in his rush to get inside the bathroom. He wished he could lock the entire bathroom, but one stall was his only option at this point, his only hope to escape being- being- seeing the preacher. Castiel locked the stall's door behind him, and crouched on the toilet, praying God would consider him worthy and keep him hidden.
And he would throw them away. Because he didn't care if Cas was happy, or had friends, or smiled with his eyes, or laughed his soft, deep, rich laugh when he was really happy- he would throw all those things away. Because at the end of the day, Zachariah was just an old man who wanted to brag about his nephew so he wouldn't have to focus on how alone and pathetic his own life was.
Castiel raised his eyebrows, waiting to see if Dean had finished. "I believe it will prove difficult for me to forget... any of that."
He felt something wet on his cheek and scrubbed it away. No, no he was not crying. He was done crying.
. He would never be okay. He thought telling Dean would help but he still hurt. Crowley had killed those six horrible men but their voices still rang in his hear.
After all, Sam had told him this in confidence. Castiel doubted Sam would appreciate him sharing the discussion with Dean. Dean still seemed restless, waiting to shoot down a problem Castiel could not see.
Castiel frowned, "Dean, why do you continue to suggest I am having intercourse with objects. Why do you say I am doing something?"
Dean pushed the book across the table, gathering looks and surprised whispered from nearby students. He glared at Castiel. If Dean's eyes had looked thin before, they seemed anything but now. His dark, jade orbs were wide and unblinking, focused on Castiel.
"Do you know a Dean Winchester? I kept the screen door locked, and locked the other one just now so if you don't want to talk to him I can tell him that and you won't have to see him."
Castiel tilted his head, looking for a giveaway of what movie this was. However, films were not his strongpoint and he once again found he could not understand a reference said in front of him. Anna rolled her eyes as she opened up the ladder, watching Gabriel climb up it.
Cas snapped his hand out catching the keys in his fist, never once breaking his gaze with Bobby. Bobby raised his eyebrows again, smiling slightly as he shook his head and walked inside.
"Oh, right, just you. The man I saw kill someone and shoot a girl. How reassuring," Anna said dryly.
Studying at home, as he and Dean were now, was far more comfortable. Anna was at the library, cramming a week worth of school into study sessions as she had been since coming home. Castiel was still in the dark as to what happened. But he couldn't be upset with Anna for withholding the truth, when he himself had made a wall of stone between them.
The cold night air forced Castiel to notice something other than the hole in his chest as he walked home, feeling defeated after his argument with Dean. He had shouted gibes which were nothing short of despicable, Dean did not deserve such cruelty.
He pushed himself away from the counter, nostrils flaring. Gabriel stared at him. Cassie didn't get mad; he didn't spit words and push cups.
He sighed, "Castiel, always I have tried to be fair with you-" he smiled at the restrained boy, before sighing, "Perhaps I have laughed at you, but who hasn't in our family? In general, I left you alone- I dealt drugs and... borrowed children, but I left you alone."
Dean frowned, "Siblings never thought you'd want to try? I mean, no crash courses? Man, I'm either a great brother or you've had some lousy ones."
He shook his head, “No, it is only required that you have one art credit in order to graduate, I have taken other classes that require multiple credits in its stead.”
If Dean’s stupid, horny brain forced him to imagine anybody it would be someone his age, geez. But then, Dean didn’t imagine someone his age. Oh god was he a pervert?
"And I-" Cas sniffed, "I was so ashamed. He saw everything, he saw all of me- and I'm never going to get that back, I'm never going to be thought of as anything other than a bad little altar boy again. I'm just some stupid, disgusting, kid with scars. He-"
Dean grinned, leaning against his friend’s doorframe before he was invited into the bedroom. Dean smiled as he sat on Cas’ bed, careful not to mess the clean covers.
"When I-! I get I can be an ass but you're being such a hypocrite. Sorry pot, didn't realize we were calling each other black now!"
He sighed, he needed to stop thinking about Dean. He needed something to distract him, he needed do something productive, he needed to find Crowley- he needed to work.
The blue eyes darted around the room, looking for his coat- but strangely, it was nowhere to be found, nor was his tie. The words Crowley had said then occurred to him.
Her grin dispersed as she bit her lip, eyeing him sheepishly. A teacher eyed the teenagers suspiciously before closing her door.
Gabriel raised his eyebrows, leaning over the kitchen table, "I was praying to The Lord God, that he would take pity on me and strike me down so as to help me avoid talking to my annoying sister."
He stepped closer to Cas, heart growing heavy at the awful sight before him, "Cas. Hey buddy, Cas no- Cas, Cas I'm here. You're not alone I'm here, please baby please stop screaming-"
Castiel smiled softly at the statement, but it didn't reach his eyes- which had changed from glassy to dismal. He had laid against Dean, and was now lying on the floor, silent in his now somber mood.
Charlie shrugged, dropping her voice to a whisper, "I mean, you can't really blame the guy. To the untrained eye, it sounded like we were talking about porn."
He felt the teacher’s eye on him when he asked a question, but he couldn’t bring himself to care. It was the first day for crying out loud, did he really have to ask Cas a question and quiz him on last year’s material to see if he remembered? Which he obviously did, this was only to make other students feel they had to work harder and cause them discomfort. Which Castiel did not want to participate in, people thought he was weird as it was, he did not feel this opinion would change if he were to be used as a weapon to strike fear into his fellow probationers.
With how often he and Meg spoke, Castiel anticipated her visits would continue throughout the summer.
"To what? A brother out to kill you? You realize we shot his right hand man- er, woman- don't you?!"
"Now, I've just reached a big break in this case, son. We've finally got our mob boss, and if we're lucky Lucifer'll talk."
God. Dad was the big man and you were his little angel flitting at his side even when he didn't want you there."
The preacher had been giving him what he deserved, but John hadn't deserved that. Yes, the priest made him want to die every night, but that wasn't his intention- Cas just had needed to learn to take his punishment. To stop crying out and begging for it to end, to stop sobbing over a simple punishment.
Dean raised his hands in defense briefly, before looking at his friend nervously, “So... Um, I was wondering- since... today's your birthday- which you didn't tell me about by the way. Uh, did you want to do that?"
Her brown eyes shone with worry, and now, relief. Gabriel stared at his brother from behind Anna, and Castiel's gaze dropped to the floor- if not Anna, surely Gabriel would be disappointed in him. He certainly did not possess any reason to be proud of Castiel.
And, y'know, whatever, Dean wasn't a big sharer either. But sometimes- all the time- Dean worried about Cas. It was obvious his boyfriend had some kind of problem with adults- Cas was nervous to meet Bobby, he didn't get along with most of his older siblings, he was relieved that he would probably never have to meet Dean's dad.
Castiel looked up from the yellow circles, awkwardly moving his lanky limbs and trying to avoid knocking into Anna’s leg, “Anna I am sorry to disappoint you but I sincerely doubt God’s sympathies are spent on our game.”
Warmth was underneath his nails, running down his fingers- what was it? Oh. Blood, blood was caked beneath his fingernails. Perhaps he had attacked his scalp too vigorously, ah well, it had been a nice reprieve.
Sam grins, "See? People need to start seeing arguments for what they really are. Some reasons against laws are good, and some aren't."
Cas bit his lip, looking at her nervously from the desk to her left before saying, "Your response suggests your previous statement was an expression, is this assumption correct?"
"C-c-Cas, it-it was- I was so alone, and so- it was awful," Dean said weakly, his throat still feeling dry. "It was real, and I- I- it was awful."
Dean shook his head, "Sorry, didn't mean to turn into a teenage girl over this. But uh, y'know my dad kept looking for me. Searched and searched for me, I mean I- being taken was hell, but... my dad and the force found me. I mean, took three months but hey, what can you do?"
Castiel knew the dangers of upsetting their uncle, and advised Gabriel to speak with far more respect than what he was showing. He too had once dared to disobey Zachariah, befriending children who did not regularly attend church- as Cas had once done. This was a mistake he did not repeat.
"You know missy," the man said, "it'd be a lot easier not to get lost if you knew where you were going."
Dean didn’t really think Victor meant any harm of course, he just didn’t know how to talk Cas. Dean sighed as he opened the bathroom door, no one was in here. The sink and paper towels did a pretty piss poor job and it was gross and he was gross and god did Dean love The Doors but he wasn’t trying to be Jim Morrison.
. She was just pushing Cas further and further into himself, his whole family was making him build walls of repressed emotion around himself, and Dean should know how well
"Don't sell yourself short Crowley, we both know you run do more than deal some good coke. Come work with Lucifer Crowley, you'd be good."
"So I must have just imagined all those people I saw die!" Sam shouted, fury spreading through him, "All those times I practiced hunting and killing, when Dean had to stay up for days when you left because he was afraid the monsters would get us! What are you protecting us from dad? Huh?!"
The polish was silver and splotchy. Castiel had seen her create colorful swirls of dark blues and hot pinks, shimmery dark silvers. She once created a striped pattern of neon polish.
Still, whether he deserved it or not- and he knew he didn't- it felt nice to have someone on his side. Someone who cared about him and defended him. He'd forgotten what it was like.
He laughed darkly, red eyes flickering to meet her face. No one wanted to hear Castiel's cries, this was stupid.
"Yes you are quite the professional, aren't you Fergus?" Lilith said with a smirk, as others emptied out of the car. "Which is why I know you'll listen and come quietly?"
Cas ran up the stairs to the apartment giddily, and upon his arrival excitedly knocked on Dean's door, grinning.
Dean smiled, raising his eyebrows obnoxiously, "Oh, and what would you name your bundle of rug rats, Cas?"
Dean frowned once the music was turned off, already missing the blaring rock. They both got out of the car and entered the school, Dean grumbling to himself about school. Sam ignored him, reaching his locker and pulling out some of his books.
Castiel had anticipated long silences when he first began therapy. He had imagined spending countless hours waiting for the clock to hit six. But she was intelligent and genuine in everything she said. She spoke honestly to him and was not afraid to discuss her own past when Castiel had doubts.
- Dean really, really likes Cas. They've been dating for four months now, y'know. I guess it was a secret when they started at the end of December, or, it was
A few girls returned his stares, smiling softly at him- no doubt trying (and failing) to hide their intimidation in front of this new teenager. Not that Castiel could blame them, he was attractive, there was no doubt of that. With sharp bone structure and well kept hair (either dark blonde, or very light brown, Castiel wasn't sure) his slight smirk caught girl's attention, some boys as well.
Dean rolled his eyes, "Cause Sam's a whiny bitch. 'Sides, he's got the brains and if he wants to use 'em I'm not going to deny him it."
Dean rose his hands in defense, surprised by Castiel's cross expression, "Easy Cas, I was just kidding."
He needed to call someone, no, he needed to see someone- no, it was late at night, and he still didn't trust himself with a car.
Lucifer nodded, staring at Azazel- an unreadable expression pressed across his features, he of the few expressions Cas had ever seen on his brother's face- before turning around with a sigh.
"Well if he had been born a month earlier than we'd be the same year. It's not my fault, Gabriel- and why are you assuming I am pursuing him in a relationship?"
"Oh it is, but I've noticed his indifference to the nickname is often ignored." Cas smiled, "And it's fun to tease him on occasion."
Dean rests his hand on top of Cas. “You don’t have to be afraid to tell me anything, Cas.” His gaze is soft and uncertain and Castiel wonders if Dean is as afraid right now as Castiel is. The thrumming of his heartbeat suggests no, Dean is normal and is having a normal reaction unlike Castiel who is spiraling into negative thoughts over seemingly nothing. No, it is nothing and he’s fine of course he’s fine. What else would he be?
Unfortunately there wasn't much of a way Dean knew how to change that. He knew too much change too fast would overwhelm Cas. What was a small change he could suggest that wouldn't upset him?
Dean laughed as he turned the car into the school parking lot, "Oh yeah? And what do you know about maturity little brother?"
She nodded, "I thought so. Gabriel and I noticed you had a bit of a skip in your step yesterday, and I told him I'd ask while he was at work-" she grinned, "that was the only way I could convince him not to run off and ask you right then and there."
He had likely awoken Naomi, and she would be furious. He sobbed as he thought of her cornering him in the kitchen as she used to. Castiel's sobs only grew as he thought of how he must have awoken Gabriel, and Michael, and Lucifer as well. Why couldn't he just leave his family alone?! Why did he have to cause so much trouble for them?!
Dean eyed the office chair on the other side of the room, marked ‘Dean’s chair.’ He smiled as he stood from Castiel’s bed. He straightened the comforter before walking away. Dean rolled the cheap furniture across the floor, turning it so the back of the chair faced Cas.
Sam looked at him with a condescending expression, “You speak pretty highly for someone who quotes Star Trek and Back To The Future, as well as claiming to be Batman.”
Agent Henriksen frowned at the criminal, who had not moved an inch since being placed in the agent's custody except to knock his cuffs against the table.
"Nobody messes with my little brother," he replied with a grin. "If I found out they have I'll kick their ass."
"Well, unless it has evaded your visionary skills I am not Sam, unfortunately." He said in a guying tone.
It scared Sam how easily he could imagine Dean thinking something like that. His brother never spoke of all the sacrifices he made for him, never mentioning that when Sam had tried to convince his dad to let him play soccer, it was Dean who had told him it was too risky, too much to ask. Sam had only been seven; telling Dean he was a meanie and that if he took his side more often, Sam would actually get to do what he wanted for once.
"But why are numbers bad, Meg? I can think of tons of other stuff that is considered to be bad, and numbers are not in that category."
and everyone was going to use him, Lucifer would leave to kill children and Castiel- Castiel would sit here and be
"I'll smile jus' lemme-" a sob wrenched out from between Dean's split lip, his body shaking, "lemme kip the rest of 'em. Pl's lemme keep mah teef!"
This was never a discussion he had imagined having with anyone. After Castiel told Dean, he felt relief cut like a knife into his bruised body but just as quickly regret poured into him like salt. He still felt those burns; he was frustrated when they began to flare inside of him.
Anna shook her head, sitting on one of their wooden stools, about to eat some of her pancakes when Castiel ran into the kitchen, still buttoning his trench coat as Anna noticed his messy dark hair which stood up in all directions. She sighed, putting down her fork, and walking over to Castiel. She raised an eyebrow and he looked at the floor, dragging his foot across the wooden floor.
She had pretty features as well, her lips full and dark, and her face was softly curved into a heart shape. She sighed, turning her body to face him more, one thing that had not changed about Meg, she did not take no for an answer. He hated to admit it, but if not for her he would have had a very lonely time in school. Never mind the fact that she had been overbearing at times.
Castiel considered it fortunate he understood the practice of caching his emotions, or his surprise of Lucifer's attendance would be rather obvious. The blonde rarely made his presence known, if it was present at all, choosing instead to speak briefly with Michael before rushing to their room- an action which caused Castiel to reside somewhere else no matter the reason he wished to enter their room.
Cas was just a number to him, a soldier in his force, a sheep in his flock- an innocent man who didn't know what he had signed up for, the cruelty of the man he had placed his faith in. Zachariah was pretending to be a shepherd protecting his flock, but really he was a fool, prowling around a group of innocent creatures, using fear to make them do whatever he wanted.
Sam had insisted on buying Zeppie the best products for his fur. He insisted on giving the dog the best of everything.
Castiel sighed, and got out of his bed- it was a Saturday, he could walk over to Dean's. Of course, it could be early in the morning, it could be very late at night- he wasn't entirely sure, what with it being the end of February. Fortunately, Castiel was used to getting out of bed at night from past endeavors, and did not stumble over anything.
Part of his stomach curled as a new thought occurred to him. He looked over to the sweet, large dog sleeping at his feet. What would happen to Zeppie when John came home? There was no way dad would let them take a giant German shepherd in the car across the country with them!
Anna moved her foot, and the game moved underneath her, creasing and her foot slipped on it, but she caught herself. Unfortunately, the game had other plans and slipped farther on the floor, causing her to lose her footing and fall- which lead Castiel to fall as well. The game slipped underneath the two Novaks as they tumbled to the ground, Anna laughing.
Her kind, brown eyes were soft and understanding. Dark hair coated her shoulders and brushed the back of her plum chair. Today she wore a long, white cardigan made of cotton. The material emphasized her warm, chocolatey skin.
Castiel said nothing as the conversation went on, biting his lip in irritation- father would not want to be late. They were never late. Ever. He did not want to be seen as disobedient for trying to sabotage mass. Lucifer took this opportune moment of annoyance within the brothers to walk in, a towel draped around him- another thrown over his shoulde
Bobby still remembered the awful guilt Dean had dragged around with him on that particular case. When the kid- the
"Probably should work on getting out of the hole you're digging for yourself first, shouldn't you darling?" Crowley said his face calm as he looked at the shaky teen before him.
Zeppie barked, the leash still wrapped around Cas' wrist. Cas pulled away from Dean at the puppy's barking, and looked at his hand, remembering the dog.
He rolled his eyes, "Yes yes you love your brother that's beautiful and I'm thrilled but you need to know that you're in danger."
Anna looked at him, "Well that's been a bit of a problem lately." She stepped onto the ground, approaching the door. She would find no purpose here.
Castiel paused, gathering his thoughts, "Do I want to... drive inconsequentially around with you... in your car and blare music? With no destination I presume? ...Is... Is that what you're asking me?"
Cas scrambled for the player, his finger slapping against the button. The clear voice cut off abruptly, the only sound echoing in the room being Cas' slap of the button. Dean sighed, running his hands through his hair- god, what had he done?
"Clarence, no, don't worry, really. I should be making more of an effort, not you- geez your damn sister's missing and I've been sitting over here idly keeping silent. I've been meaning to make an offer to help you look for her, I just... I don't know how to say it."
"Well, most of those are right- although the one about you was a bit presumptuous," Cas said with a straight face. "It depends I suppose, do you mean often as in how many times a day? Or in general?"
Knowing there was nothing more he could say to convince Castiel, Sam walked away, heading down the halls to lunch. Castiel sat at the lockers, studying, trying to be good, always trying to be good- but was this right? Hurting his friends in order to please his betters?
Castiel saw the worry in his sister's eyes, the pain, all because of him. All his fault. All because he couldn't be good.
"Do not speak in such a way," Naomi said with a glare, "God has important matters to deal with, least of all the likes of such a lustful, glutinous sinner."
Cas nodded, "This is true. I have accumulated numerous traits from you and your brother- thankfully your... stubbornness, and various other qualities have avoided me so far."
Cas shook his head, still grinning, "Dean this is no time for your mockery- The Beatles are playing!"
“Oh, uh, right,” Dean looked at the closed door. “I don’t have uh- anatomy. But, my little brother- Sammy- he has some bio questions. Don’t know how he’s managed to have some, nerd- after all; it’s only the first week of school.”
Dean nodded, also not choosing to mention how Cas rarely talked about his folks. Ever, actually, now that Dean thought about it. Really this was the first time Dean could ever think of hearing about Cas' parents. Whenever Dean went to Cas' house- which wasn't that often, really, but still- he only ever saw his siblings, these siblings being Anna- and occasionally Naomi, and on one occasion in brief passing- Gabriel.
Cas opened the door in a panicked rush to see Gabriel staring at him with wide eyes, rain pouring on him as he waited for the door.
Cas just had that effect on him, he took the edge off his day- he made him happier, and helped him get through the day. His blue eyes always offering to listen but never demanding he give any answers, he understood when Dean didn't want to talk about things but sometimes Cas asked if he wanted to anyways, not because he was nosy or didn't give a crap that Dean wasn't one for talking- but because he cared.
"Cas is better at that kind of stuff," Dean said with a sigh. "I think I'd try and the words would just come out all wrong and Sam would be pissed and I'd be pissed- I'm just not good with that kind of stuff, Jo."
He knew crying wouldn't help but he couldn't stop, sobs just kept pouring out of him. He wanted to keep his teeth. He did. God he didn't want to lose another, please no. Please god no! He'd already lost three he couldn't do it again!
For goodness sake, she was only resting- he really did have an unrecognized mental problem, didn't he? Again, something he was reassured of by his siblings- save Anna and Gabriel.
Gabriel smiled, "I tell you our mom was beautiful. Julia, mom, was awesome we all tried extra hard to make her proud after she died- especially Cas. I remember once he was trying to do some school project and some glue wouldn't dry, he was so mad, so I asked the kid what was wrong. He said he wanted to make mom proud, and he didn't want Julia-mom- to think he'd forgotten about her."
Cas nodded, not meeting Crowley's eye as he picked his underwear off the floor, putting them on before pulling his pants out from under a body.
Cas chuckled softly, almost nonexistent, "Yes, I have respect for your car- rest assured. So... you'd be okay with me driving?"
The man cried out, yellow eyes dropping to his leg as he fell. Anna fell to the cement, ground hitting her as hard as what she had just witnessed. She looked up from the ground to see a suited man rolling his eyes, despite his smile.
"I know, I just...this is stupid. All of this, what you're suggesting, its not- I'm not- that's ridiculous. You know I'm not opposed to that, but- but I'm not."
The girls joined in on Sam's laughter, as Ash merely shook his head at Dean with an apologetic smile. Despite Dean's grumbling about the group, he couldn't help but be smile, knowing that Cas was happy.
Meg bit her lip, looking at him worriedly, "I don't know he- he has this thing, about people touching him! He doesn't like it. I mean, he doesn't do well with- with people coming on to him. You didn't do anything did-"
"Yes, I am well aware, but so often do your comments relate back to mating, that I have begun to double check."
Dean sighed once more; he raised his hand briefly, bringing them down on his response to in order to enunciate the word, "Yes."
Dean gently laid his hand on Cas' shoulder, causing the shaking boy to look up. He needed him to stop crying, it was too awful to watch. If he would just talk to Dean.
"Woah, Cas," Anna shook her head, "that's not what I meant at all. I'm just- I don't know, you've changed."
If his mother truly wanted him to be more emotional, she would encourage him to spend time with Dean. Dean Winchester wore an overwhelming number of emotions throughout the day, all which if were masked within the same frown. Confusing didn’t even begin to describe Dean.
"I- I'm sorry Cas I didn't mean to..." He smiled uncomfortably shrugging, "At least now you can see I've missed you?"
Cas continued to sing the French quietly, and Dean felt his eyes closing softly as he listened to the soft voice, easing his nerves. Even though Cas hadn't spoken in a language he could understand, he still appreciate the gesture. He still appreciated Cas.
Castiel looked at his sister, who had turned back to whatever she was cooking. He bit his lip. It was rude not to help Anna. He’d offered once more to be of service- but she had said no.
"You don't know, she's lucky I didn't kill her. She's the closest thing I have to killing Abaddon. I should've killed Lilith but I knew what Lucifer would do to me. I can't afford another reason to be his enemy. He's probably already going to kill me for shooting her. No doubt she survived though- but shooting her was a bad move. I guess I let my... what do you call them, feelings, get the better of me. Lilith is under Lucifer, and under Lilith is Abaddon. It just felt nice to get a little payback I suppose. Far less than either deserved."
Dean usually made a point to be late to class. But there was no way he was staying in the bathroom after that awkward cleanup, and he didn’t want to explain this to Cas in the hallway. Instead, he sat in a squeaky, plastic orange chair in economics which dug into his back. The sound of Mrs. Pilgrim dragging chalk over the board pulled Dean out of his thoughts.
Castiel paused, pulling himself from the memory as he stared at the tape in his hand. A label would require tape over the room’s soft paint, the adhesive would interrupt the bareness of his walls. He stared down at the blank scrap of paper before shaking off his fears.
"She's actually a she, and a sweet one." The girl smiled as she spoke, watching the two guinea pigs stare at one another through their cages. "She's got a brother and sister with her in there and she's taken a liking to Mr. Comatose over there."
"Yeah, the boss never let's anyone bring their shit around here, gotta be sober for the jobs, and can't be distracted by any bitches either," said a fifth man.
Lucifer smiled, "she would have done anything I asked her, I know she would have." His smile dispersed as he refocused on his brother, looking down at the glaring teenager, "but you wouldn't let me have her, would you Castiel?"
Great. He'd finally found someone he really liked being with, and he'd screwed everything up. Dean wiped his face with hands, standing up, knowing he had made Cas uncomfortable- but hey what else was new? When didn't he fuck things up?
Sam looked at him, walking into the living room and plopping his lanky body against the small faded couch. Dean raised an eyebrow; looking at the round homework covered  table Sam had left. Apparently Sammy was being rebellious today.
Cas and Dean hadn't spoken since last night, and the days before their argument had been shaky at best- Dean knew he needed to apologize. Yeah, Cas was being a dick but- but he probably hadn't said the best stuff either.
Dean glared at Naomi, huffing out an angered breath. God if it wasn't for Cas' pleading stares Dean would have snapped at her an hour ago. Geez her sister was missing, and she was just being a bitch about it.
"It’s n-n-not your f-f-fault," 'it's mine because I'm bad and disgusting', "I sh-sh-shouldn't h-h-have said an-an-nyth-thing," 'but I never do the right thing so why wouldn't I?'
This left him more disheartened than he would care to admit, and Castiel could see contrition on Anna's face after her act of paroxysm. But guilt only helps if you act on it. Castiel attended school in a disheartened fashion after his interaction with his sister, despite Dean's best efforts to cheer him up.
“Sure. Just give me a minute ok. I think my heart might be trying to beat out of my chest.” and he wasn’t kidding, his breath was labored and he looked a little off.
He gasped with each tiny thrust, hating the way his breath gave him away, the heaving of his chest as he fought to calm himself. He clenched his fists against his thighs. Hissing out a breath each time it eased upward, with each insistent push, again and again and again, relentlessly patient in a way no alpha could ever stand to be. He couldn't help it, he was angry.
Castiel dragged his fingers through the short strands of Dean’s hair, pleased that he was finally relaxing into the process. He had his eyes shut, not asleep but resting as the liquid slowly made it’s way down the tube and into his body. Castiel knew Dean had a hard time accepting his help with this, still fought giving up this aspect of autonomy over his own body, but Castiel was patient, willing to wait him out as he struggled with his own conflicting desires to submit and his fear of giving over too much.
Cas respected the man he was becoming even more, he could see Sam achieving great things, given time and opportunity. He just hoped that didn’t pull him even further away from his brother.
"No, no shots... Please Cas..." He'll force himself to down the pills, at least they only make him feel sleepy.
Benny gestures to the sink and starts to scrub his hands, "We're pretty concerned about his immune system. His Immunoglobulin blood tests show he’s low in three of the five scores."
“Oh good! I spoke with Benny before coming over and he said he should be available for the next hour or two if you’d like to talk.”
He never refused to wear it, or even put up much of a fuss, but he also got all fidgety and jumpy when it came time to put it on. And he’d get this embarrassed, anxious look on his face like he was expecting something bad to happen. Once he learned that he would always have to be harnessed and leashed whenever he left the estate, he just stopped asking to go outside.”
But Dean hated Aphroxil. He hated his own response to it, fought it every time, fought the shift in his mind, into mindless obedience.
Charlie turned to Sam, “Benny also said to tell you that he probably won’t be able to join you for lunch today, he sends his regrets,”
Yes, it was hard. At times all he wanted to do was scream at Castiel to just leave him the hell alone! But, Dean had been alone before. He had pushed everyone and everything away, including his own health and well-being, and it had almost killed him. He didn’t want to walk down that darkened road again, and he didn’t have the strength to turn around again and reach begging into the light for help. He knew what it was now to walk the road together, sometimes carried when his will gave out, sometimes led, but never alone, never again.
“Likewise. I trust you’ve found your apartment suitable?” Sam led him into his office and gestured for Castiel to sit down one one of the chairs across from the desk.
Unlike Castiel he always allows Dean to touch himself when he goes but was also carefully watching the colour and the amount of liquid expelled. Dean didn’t bother to button up his fly, waiting for Gabe who’s pulled out his tablet and is making a couple of notes for Castiel.
Dean shivered and shook his head, not wanting the stupid gas that took his alpha's scent away and replaced it with something chemical, something overwhelming and unkind that demanded everything and gave nothing. He hated, hated the mask.
“It’s no problem. Just don’t do that again unless you really mean it ok. I felt like the worst person in history there for a moment.”
Unfortunately, Castiel knew exactly how it was dropped. Whenever a ‘High’ or ‘Pure’ submissive is discovered within the foster system, it triggers a set of special protections and requirements aimed at protecting them. It’s an additional burden on an already over-stretched system, so mostly Case Workers just don’t order the tests. Deliberate and wilful blindness. He doesn’t mention this to Sam though, not wanting to add additional burdens to his already frayed emotions.
Not for the first time did Dean imagine he hadn’t been matched with a doctor, he loved Castiel with everything he had but sometimes wished that he had been an architect or painter or something. Even though he knew a different alpha would probably be more traditional in his discipline, a fear Dean really didn’t want to entertain, not after...he just couldn't.
He pulled out his laptop and opened up the Wikipedia pages about The Harbour Society and Caladh House. He figured, if he couldn’t sleep, he might as well do some research. As it loaded, he thought over what he knew about The Harbour Society, which honestly wasn’t much.
It had to hurt but Dean is desperate enough now to like the pain a little. Cas knows that when he gets like this, some denial and then a little pain, it’s almost enough by itself, damn the cage. Almost.
Six more hours pass and Gabe can see that Castiel is running out of steam, his exhaustion clearly getting the better of him. With normal heats, there would be periods of rest interspersed throughout. But with Dean sleep has to be forced, preferably through restraint, but sedation has been used in the past.
He knew Cas wore his own matching necklace and wristband but, he didn’t push Dean into wearing his and he was eternally grateful for that.
“It’s complicated and a really, really long story. I genuinely think Dean should be the one telling you.” he’s nervous, unwilling.
Dean continued to struggle, but less and less, tears streaming down his cheeks as he sobbed quietly, fear and betrayal in his eyes, even if words were beyond him.
Cas slips his hands away and uses them to turn his face towards him, sinking into the kiss willingly. He keeps them like that for a little while, lazily working their lips together as he lets Dean gather the pieces of himself back together.
Castiel doesn’t reply and instead leans over to position Dean’s head and throat just right for the insertion.
Reading that heartbreaking file on a man let down time and time again by those meant to love and protect him. Watching him slowly recover from years of abuse. Gabe had promised himself; this one would get the happy ending, this one would be okay. He’d made the call.
“He was picked up by social services and dumped in the foster system. He moved through a variety of foster homes and group homes, before eventually running off and becoming homeless.”
“Feel like you need some more lube? Cas noted you were dry this morning.” He was looking down at his tablet at the notes Cas had provided.
Gabe can't yet guess how many different options they'll need to work through, so far this heat is shaping up to be one of the worse ones. He flicks his eyes up to the monitors on the wall, the readouts still showing a ramping up of the heat, it will be a few days yet that's for sure.
“I’m sorry, that wasn’t the right thing to do was it?” Dean shook in his arms, clinging tightly for reassurance, his head shaking against Castiel’s skin, “I won’t do that again. Okay? I promise.”
"I see," Castiel had hoped the illness hadn't progressed to that point yet. If he was required to stay physically isolated from others, it was going to be much more difficult to provide Dean with social enrichment opportunities and physical exercise. “Have you started him on Intravenous immunoglobulin?”
“A kid like Dean testing out as both Omega and a High Needs Submissive must have raised a few eyebrows and to have him come and go from so many different schools it would have been unusual enough for them to take notice. But, they would have been powerless till each school filed a complaint and by then you were long gone. Then he aged out of school and the reporting stopped.” Castiel explains, noting the almost two dozen reports filed with them over the years.
I woke up four days later, they’d given me an IV of something. It must have flushed the drug from my system. But I was...I think I wanted to die. The owner of the club was there, he looked as terrified, scared shitless that he’d almost killed me probably. He kept apologising, promising he’d never give the drug anyone else again, begging me to not tell the cops what happened. He and a couple of other alphas got me up and practically carried me upstairs. They shoved me inside a van they had parked up there.
His whole body screamed to pull away, pull off this thing before... he knew what would happen next, and yet, when he heard the click of the settings changing, the device flipping over and that thing starting to expand, he was startled nonetheless, huffing out a choked off sob.
The work he made now though. It was magnificent in a completely different way. Still utilising metal, clay and glass but it felt open and freeing. It allowed colours to shimmer through the stained glass panels, it illuminated every room it was in and generated a sense of peace in chaos. Dean was still struggling, at times desperately, but his art told Castiel everything he needed to know, it just took time.
But we know that he was definitely already experiencing symptoms, because we spoke to his old boss. He said Dean was often off work or came in late, nausea, fever, headaches, pains, all the classic early symptoms of DDS. He was also drinking a lot by that point. Dean didn’t have money for doctors or the inclination to seek medical assistance, so we think he was self-medicating for the pain.”
“Ok, alright.” The man flees, but his words remain, hanging in the air like a curse, damning Dean with every breath he takes. He’s panicking, he knows this but can’t seem to stop, can’t seem to breathe enough to do anything.
That first day had been hard on both of them, as he’d needed to set the tone for their relationship. Putting Dean through the first and most thorough of what would be his weekly physicals, he’d spent hours familiarizing himself with Dean’s body, easing his fingers and instruments inside him, stretching him out and opening him up. He’d taken samples to send away and checked his reflexes. Working him hard and long and then when he was satisfied with that, he’d brought him to the training room and run him through his physical movement and obedience exercises. When finally exhaustion had set in he’d taken them both to bed, gently and with the utmost care mated him, giving him orgasm after orgasm till he fell into unconsciousness.
“I know,” John sighed, rubbing his tired eyes with the back of his hand, “I’m sorry. It’s just that when I went down to see him this morning, he’d ripped out his IV again. He was panicking and acting aggressively towards his nurses, me, even himself. He was covered in bruises. They had to put him back in a restraint jacket and completely strap him into a CRP Frame before he could calm down. When I tried to comfort him, he screamed and cursed me. He was completely irrational.”
“Hush,” Gabe runs a hand down Dean’s arm, “He needs to get clean too. He’s right there, not going anywhere. Plus you’ll feel better afterwards I promise.”
“Horrific. You know what heats are like for him now? Well, think that but worse, so so much worse. They knew it was coming, weeks before and tried to prepare us, but how do you prepare for that? For watching your brother sick with it, begging and begging for it but too exhausted to even move, do anything but beg and moan in pain. And all I could do was watch, I’m a beta so I couldn’t help him in any way, even though they let me in the room to comfort him, it did nothing. It was so awful! They couldn’t use an actual alpha, he’d refused, so they soaked the room in artificial pheromones. Gave him patches and injections to help with it. They tried toys, their hands, even a weird machine to get him through it.
“Elbows and knees. You can keep the blanket over the top half but I need rear access.” Dean bites back a huff but complies, theatrically flipping the back half of the blanket up over himself and over his head, hiding himself in a cocoon of darkness. Cas huffs out another laugh but doesn’t comment, instead easing his knees so they shifted wide apart, his enclosed dick hanging down between his legs. Cas had placed something down on the table between them, probably a specimen container.
“It’s fine,” Castiel interrupted gently, before she could work herself up too much over office furniture, “it has everything I need. Thank you.” He doubted he’d spend much time here, anyway. Most of his time would be spent with Dean or working with the family.
“No, not tonight, we’ll see how you go. But, if you can’t sleep for a few nights then it’d be a good idea. We don’t want you falling back into old patterns again.You know how sick you got the last time we let that go on too long.”
“It’s ok.” Cas leans forward into Dean's space, one hand coming up to cup his face tenderly, “You can. Just walk me through it, step by step. Okay?”
“No, I don't. And it'd be a lie to say I didn't care, because I do, so much. But whatever it is, that won't change how I feel about you,” He pulls in tighter to Dean willing his body to communicate what neither of them can vocalise, what Dean for so long couldn't hear. He is quiet for a long time, words hanging heavily in the air between them.
Ripped it around and flipped the car. I can...I can still feel that motion sometimes, like I’m on a fucked up kids ride, rollercoaster flipping me again and again, like it would never end. But it did. And then I remember the silence of the empty road and my heartbeat louder that I’ve ever heard it before, like some fucking hammer beating down on my chest. Till there was nothing but that beat, and then nothing at all.
“Even if some of his methods might go against our teachings?” Gabe kept pushing, getting a feel for the limits of John’s patience. He needed to know where the line was, so if needed, he could step in. But John was quiet on the other end of the line, thinking it over...
Benny led them over to the table in the corner and sat down, gesturing to the other chair across from him. He looked exhausted, which Castiel couldn't blame him for, there was little more destructive to a person than watching someone you cared for physically and mentally declining and being powerless to help them.
He got up instead, letting Cas gather a few precious hours more. The guilt felt over the disturbed night outweighing his need for companionship.
Dean let out a relieved breath, he hated having anyone but Castiel’s fingers inside him. Even though he knew Gabe well and had gotten somewhat used to having him do this, it still felt pretty awful.
“Ok, just let me unhook you,” Dean groaned, but didn’t comment further as the machine was detached. The liquid nature of the feeding inevitably meant that Dean had to use the bathroom much more frequently than normal and Castiel wasn’t going to begrudge him the inconvenience. When Dean had first arrived at Castiel’s house and he’d started him on a feeding tube, he’d also fitted him with a catheter to deal with this aspect, but felt that it wasn't yet necessary this time. Back then Dean had needed the extra support, he wasn’t nearly as healthy as he is now and emotionally needed the reassurance, as much as he will deny it.
“Alright, you can keep them,” Dean ignores him, preferring to close his eyes and soak up warmth for the moment.
Dean screams and screams. He panics and shudders. Ripping, tearing the bedding off himself. He begs.
Castiel has noticed and pauses what he’s doing, dropping the device and ice pack on the nearby instruments table.
Dean climbs into bed easily enough but can’t seem to settle. He tosses and turns, catching himself on the tube more than once, kicking his feet out of the blankets and tossing his second pillow aside.
Castiel knows that bitter pill too, he’s had to swallow it himself a few too many times. That particularly grim form of desperation that comes from working in hospices and end-stage wards, when you realise that you’re out of options and out of your depth.
This chapter sucked to write and took me way too long because I avoided it. I set this pain up and then didn't want to write it. Well it's done now, and Cas as usual comes through for him as best he can.  On to brighter things and well, more angst :P oh and porn! Dean gets an orgasm soon, only took forever, poor guy! I'm sorry!
“You think I don’t know that? It’s just...” he pauses, like he doesn’t want to admit it, to himself or Sam, it’s unclear, “It’s just that sometimes it’s easier, you know, feels good to hand over the reins.”
Gabe knew what he wanted, a second alpha was needed, or at least the illusion of one. Dean’s body was confused as to why he was responding to two alphas but felt only one.
He shook himself away from the troubled thoughts, clearing his mind and dragging himself back up to the present moment.
The ice pack was placed down gently between Dean’s legs but still hit him like a strike to the nuts. He involuntarily clenched up and then down, trying desperately to escape it, but Cas followed him through it, keeping one hand holding the pack down and the other gentle on his forehead, all the while talking to him soothingly, talking him through the agonising sensitivity.
Instead he’d pulled Dean up again and wrapped his arms around him, letting him tuck his face into his neck for comfort.
Dean, of course, immediately started to shift in his arms, seeking his lost Alpha. But Gabe shushes him, running a hand up and down his back comfortingly. He looks up at the nearest screen above the bed. The gas had run out over an hour ago and Dean was definitely waking up. They probably only had a couple more minutes to strategise before Dean’s next wave of need would have to be addressed.
"Pass me the blindfold," he hears Cas say, before a sweet darkness overcomes him, "that's perfect, you're being so good for me right now."
“I can't… please,” Dean growled, angry and hurting. But Cas holds back, doesn't even approach the bed, though it's obviously difficult.
“And through here,” Benny swiped his card and scanned his fingerprint on the sensor, “Is Dean’s rooms.”
They then learned that his devoted father had found him just in time, and rescued him from the clutches of the heartless government who had imprisoned and abused him. Then a kindly judge who understood that poor Dean needed to be sheltered and protected from the rest of society (and from himself), and had placed him under the loving protection of Caladh House. The story ended with his heartwarming return to The Harbour, where he would be loved, cared for and protected for the rest of his life.
Once fitted Dean had an hour or so before they started expanding as they were designed specifically to give him time to fall asleep. So, Castiel quickened his movements, knowing Dean would need as much time as possible to settle for the night.
“Can you take the tube out a bit early? Please? I told Sam I’d ask cause I want to share a meal with them. On Sunday before they go. Please!”
“My brother, Dean. He’s a Pure Submissive with Dynamic Deficiency Syndrome.” In that moment, Sam had sounded nothing like a lawyer, his voice fragile and desperate, he’d sounded scared.  “We’ve tried everything, but we can’t help him! Please, just treat him until he’s stable. That’s all we ask.” Sam had begged, “Just give us one year to save his life,”
“I convinced myself that he was right. He convinced me, every night in my sleep, I saw him mocking me and calling me a whore. Ordering me to give in to it. Eventually, I did.”
Instead he curls himself against Castiel, pulling inward towards him, drawing in like he’s trying to enter him bodily, hide inside him.
They went down another corridor and Benny opened the door on the right, “These stairs lead up to your apartment. They’re biolocked and swipe card, so you’ll need to scan your fingerprint.”
Now Dean knelt over the custom bench in the bathroom, cushioning his head on his arms and allowed Castiel to clean him out thoroughly and prepare him. Castiel started with his anal passage, giving Dean and small, warm enema, designed to be soothing and comforting, before easing him up against him and letting him release into the toilet basin fitted below the bench specifically for this purpose. He flushed it and then he settled him back down, ran his hands between this legs to check his testicles and penis careful.
He was also blindfolded, gagged, and equipped with EEG and ECG monitoring devices. As Castiel watched, the whole frame shifted slightly to the right, adjusting Dean’s bodyweight just enough to change the pressure areas. The padded foam and gel casing around the frame also relieved the pressure, so he could safely be kept immobile within the frame for a very long time.
Castiel nodded thoughtfully, “It’ll be good seeing them. I also need to talk to Sam about a few things,” he said mysteriously. Dean didn’t press, he knew he wouldn’t get anywhere.
“I really don’t want to be the one to give you a shot, can you swallow?” she’s talking to Dean and holding two valium pills in her hand as well as his water bottle, he must have faded for a moment because he missed her getting those out. She still has the phone wedged between her shoulder and ear, but Cas must say something because then she’s holding it out, pushing it against Dean’s ear and he can hear Cas’s voice.
Castiel arrived at 1pm exactly as promised and Dean couldn’t help but feel a little thrill at having him right there in his studio. It wasn’t often that he could find the time to come down with their busy schedules often conflicting. He also knew that Cas didn’t want to influence him here, his art was his alone and Cas absolutely refused to change that.
"Ready?" He asked Cas, preparing to select the first six-hour sequence already preprogrammed in preparation.
He can feel the drugs starting to work finally, and the tightness starting to ease a little. He’s started to cry he realizes, can taste the salt. He can feel the slight breeze across the park and the sound of the leaves moving slightly above them in the trees.
He sees the door, the dark corridor, the smell of freshly laundered sheets, the alphas, all waiting, there, for him. He dreams of dirty sheets, of daylight days later, sunlight searing his eyes after the darkness. He screams.
“They wanted to arrest him!” Dean snarls, angry and hurting, “Cas, let me up. I can’t do this!” He shifts against the straps, pulling and trying to dislodge himself. The heavy chair easily resisting the struggle, till he collapses again, letting the leather take his weight. “I can’t.”
“Yeah, yeah I…” Dean murmurs, trying to follow the objects now once again out of his field of vision,
He knows differently now, knows how lucky he really was. What could have happened, would have if not for him. Because Dean knows, with clear and terrible certainty that if it hadn't been for Cas he would have found a way and nothing would have stopped him. The end would have been a mercy, a relief.
“Then he waved his gun at me, said I was just a worthless piece of ass and a bitch, only good for alpha cock. He said he wished I had never even been born but that he had been too weak to end me, should have. Said he gave up trying to fix me. Said he was done and I should give myself over to it or die, said it was all I was worth.
Cas is a little confused though, Emotional volatility is certainly a symptom of DDS, but constant anger is extremely concerning.  “He’s angry? Can I ask why?”
“Gabriel!” John chastised, “I get your point. However, while I agree that our priority is Dean’s treatment, High Protocol rules are taught for a reason. The sooner we can get both of them engaging with that, or preferably Pure Protocol, the better. You know, as much as anyone, how being forced into High Protocol helps your mind settle when you need to be taken down.”
I tried to reach across to the steering wheel, don’t even know what I wanted to do but I had to do something.
His front passage was entered, the device guiding the plastic up further and further inside him until he felt like he was being skewered. It would wait then, inbuilt sensors measuring his internal muscles for give and flexibility, and then it would push up again, tiny, persistent thrusts that just kept going, further and further up inside him till it felt like he could feel it in his chest. This time there was no movement out, it was only programmed to thrust up and up, deeper and deeper with no relief, just a knot when it was done. He knew they were trying to make this easier on his body, limit the damage, right now it felt like cruelty.
The 18 year old turned to the other, saying sarcastically, "Don't you just love his charming greetings?"
Cas' eyes smiled and his face relaxed more in his almost smiling way (something that never failed to interest Dean) and he nodded, "Those are peculiar names, the singer's included."
Castiel furrowed his brow, and considered not asking at all. Sam would probably think he was annoying for asking, and he might not even know Dean Winchester- perhaps he’d be angry with him for asking stupid questions. He gulped. On the other hand, maybe he did know Dean and if he was Dean’s brother, he would wonder why Castiel hadn’t asked before.
