"Tha's okay," He said, situating Tony's head to rest on his chest, his own arms curling around Tony's shoulders. He kissed his head and snuggled him close, mimicking the movements his mother had practiced on him time and time again for whenever they snuggled together.
Tony’s smile fell slightly, as the implications of his statement fell upon him. “We could have had something, once upon a time.” He said, and then his expression fell even more. “But now-”
The Sun could do things to the entire world that the other elements couldn’t do for each other. The world breathed because of the Sun.
"What if Steeb doesn' wanna be friends after this because I mess up?" Tony whispered and curled further into the bag on his lap.
“You could have gone anywhere, made peace and rested in a place that reminded you of…. home,” Tony said, staring out at the pinking sky.
It felt like he trekked for hours to find the door that led to Steve's bed, which he surely wouldn't have remembered if he didn't have an eidetic memory of the home already (how was he supposed to know where the exit was if there were, perhaps, monsters under his bed and in his closet?!)
“But I missed you. Throughout all of it. I missed you so much. And when Peggy died…. I didn’t see much point in staying.”
“Everything always leads back to you. Your future, my new future. The universe could never let me get away.”
"All the way down there?" Steve asked. "Don' be silly. Come up here. Plen'y o' room..." He said simply, and then crawled back to the wall. Tony's eyes widened, but he didn't hesitate to get off the floor. He anxiously crawled up onto the bed, getting under the covers and laying next to Steve. He held his teddy to his chest and swallowed, sitting perfectly still next to him. He watched as Steve laid his head on his pillow, seeming perfectly content with Tony in his bed, and then something occurred to Tony that he hadn't realized before.
Tony glanced over to his bag and swallowed thickly as the car bumped along the road. He reached over and pulled the bag to his chest, desperately wanting to hold his teddy but knowing if anyone saw it, even Jarvis, he could risk having to go back home and leave it there.
“Hey, mom.” He said warmly, walking into the open space where his mother played, notes twisting through the air and lifting Tony off his feet. His mother perked up and smiled at her son gently, seeing him linger around the couch before sitting down, relaxing a little bit.
Maria perked up and her expression changed instantly. Tony responded with a sheepish, persuasive grin.
"I-I'm... I'm sleeping?" Tony asked, his lip trembling slightly, feeling as though Steve were admonishing him, or perhaps, terrifyingly, teasing him about staying in the room, ready to make fun of Tony for being such a baby and send him back out into the darkness of Steve's home.
“You look so good baby, feel so good. I knew you’d be a slut for big cock.” Steve teased in Tony’s ear, his voice deep and horse. “I bet you would have let me ‘n Bucky take you on that first day.”
, that was different. It’s deeper. Nobody in the 21st century that he’s met understood that. Maybe Natasha but if she had she had never disclosed that to him.
Stephen had even once sat with Tony in the restroom when a surge of morning sickness made its way up Tony’s throat. His solid hand on the omega’s back as he reassured the omega that this was perfectly normal and it’ll be over soon.
HELLO!!!! I hope you guys like the chapter, the next chapter i'm....i am not good at writing fighting scenes or like complex battle stuff so it's been a struggle to write but i am trying!! Please let me know your thoughts!! I'll try not to be so low but also I work at a very steady but slow pace. it's just how i roll
“He’s safe.” Was all she said about Tony. Steve let out a breath neither he or Jan knew he was holding. “Now go away and never come near me or Tony again or next time-” Jan said, lowering her hand, turning toward her house.
“I’m not saying go make up but you’re going to have to face him again eventually, as team leaders. Just, be careful. They might have signed the divorce papers but your old pack is...stubborn. Just keep your eyes peeled-” Jan hesitated for a second before she quickly threw her eyes to his left hand. They both knew that the gold band was still sitting on Tony’s finger. “And be careful.”
Tony started to laugh out loud. An actual laugh that warmed his belly. His face suddenly didn’t feel 100 pounds. It feels like the first smile in years.
“Take me to Pepper.” Tony mumbled out, the car started to move and Tony looked blankly into space until the car eventually stopped. Tony had no idea how long he had been driving. Tony assumed JARVIS called ahead of time because Pepper was waiting outside Tony’s country vacation house that was 4 hours outside of the city. Pepper must have been taking a weekend to herself.
“I thought this whole thing was done by our own hands?” Bucky challenged, remembering the sharp words she had thrown at Steve. Natasha’s mask cracked and rage flickered in her eyes.
Tony’s shoulders tensed up. The omega tried to throw a nonchalant look to his friend. “Strange?” He asked as if he didn’t know what Jan was alluding to. They had both known the other for too long to think it was anything else.
“Sure, Stephen.” She said and gave him a wink. Stephen rolled his eyes at her and fought the small smile he felt creep up on him. “You feeling okay?” Jan asked softly to Tony, rubbing his shoulders.
“Thank you, Thor, really.” Tony said, trying to calm Thor’s hot head down. “But Steve’s not worth your wrath. I’m moving on, even moved to the other side of the country-I’ve got it handled, Big Guy.” Tony said with a genuine smile.
They sat there in the dark, in silence. The only sound in the room was the occasional sip from Tony. The room was strained and awkward, neither man knowing where to take the conversation. This whole situation displayed actions of a certain intimacy that neither party should be privy to. Tony shouldn’t be in Stephen’s room, in his bed with his cloak on him like they were mates. Tony was
Jan thought about how when she was 15 she was waiting for Tony with Fury at Stark Industries. A favor for Peggy, as there had been threats made against Jan. Probably to trade Jan for her father’s work on Pym Particles. Obadiah Stan had walked out of the conference room Tony had been attending with his father. Jan never liked Stan, he always made her feel
Bucky sat in his room, waiting for Steve to join him in bed. Steve couldn’t stand to sleep in his own bed without Tony. A part of Bucky wondered what things would have been like if they had done it right. If Steve had asked Tony about a second omega. He quickly shook the
After the training session, Tony kissed Bucky’s cheek and left the building with a pep in his step. Bucky watched from the counter as Tony left, a smile on his face. Clint groaned and rested his head on the desk, Natasha next to him, laughing.
“Janet?” Fury called from his office. Jan turned to look at him, stuffing the letter into her inside suit jacket. Janet made her way into his office, closing the door behind her before setting herself in the chair in front of Fury’s desk. Fury eyed the door and then at Janet, raising an eyebrow in question. Janet knew Fury was asking about her brief interaction with Natasha but Janet brushed the spy off.
” Tony asked, the words fumbled out of his mouth. Stephen was talking about time travel or visions like they were real? Time travel was still a theory in science and here was this alpha casually saying he saw into the future.
“Of course, Dr. Strange!” The girl chirped, running his card through the machine and starting on his coffee order without him telling her what he wanted. He must be a regular.
“It’s a flawless plan, Nick.” Jan said with urgency, tapping her foot. Fury’s office wasn’t decorated, at all. Just a glass desk, a conference table and some book shelves with SHIELD manuals.
“Jan’s not so easily discouraged, Strange.” Tony called out playfully from his place in his lawn chair.
“Thank you, Tony. It must have been out of your way.” Steve said, walking across the room to look inside the bag, the smell of homemade vegetable soup with baked bread filling the room. Tony only shook his head to let Steve know it was fine. Tony was
Bruce made sense, he was more helpful with Tony then in the field trying to secretly round up space pirates and family of a galactic terrorist. But Tony could not come up with a single reason as to why Stephen stuck around so much. Granted, it was the easiest to travel for Strange, his portals had become very convenient. And it was nice to have a doctor to ask questions to as Tony read all the biology books he could.
The group of superheros watched as the ships started to turn into rust, and crumbled to pieces as the portal started to close and mend itself quickly, the void of black space being replaced with a sunny blue sky. Even the ships that had fallen to the ground were rotting and disappearing into dust. Soon enough, what was once an alien invasion was now dust in the New York sky. Like it never happened.
, sweetheart.” Steve said, his lips so close that Tony’s cock could feel Steve’s hot breath. “You’ll be
“Yes. Thanos at the moment has no infinity stones and he won’t for a while. If we want to stop him from coming back and stop him forever- we should go after him while he remains empty handed.” Stephen said so casually.
“Eat something, and then we can go to bed. At least till Jan gets here.” She said, offering Tony a fork. Tony wiggled his way out of his warm cocoon and took the fork. Maybe Tony’s world is crumbling down around him, but for now he’s content with takeout in bed.
“Wasp!” Rhodey said, now turning his attention to the ships chasing after Tony. The swarm divided in half, one half chasing after the omega and the other headed straight for Stephen.
omg I'm so sorry this chapter is a little short but I don't want to make the story too long. We'll see! I might turn this into a series, I just have a lot I want to do but don't want to shove it all in just for the sake of it.
let them get him across!” She yelled as she felt the suit latch onto her, she let the nanobots form over her body, feeling the suit fall into place before blasting up straight in the air heading straight toward the swarm that had enveloped Tony.
. She only kissed the top of his head and smiled, saying she hopes Tony never sets foot in the house and that it rots. But if he ever needed it, it was there.
It has been awkward between them for a while now. See, Tony was one kind of person. Steve was his polar opposite.
Tony was caught off guard by the lips on his, cutting off any further rambling he was sure to have done.
"Steve," thankfully Tony cut off his stammering attempts at explanation before they could get any worse. "It's fine. I get it, okay? Water under the crazy high bridge, right? Super over, very done with. Message received."
"Touch me. Please, Steve, I need," and suddenly Steve's right hand was on him, through the layers of clothing, giving barely more than what he was already getting but somehow it was enough. And it's a good thing too because-
"You know, it's a shame you didn't get better opportunities schooling wise. I'd be interested to see what all you could do with that big brain of yours."
"So-" Steve begins, nervous with the sudden contact, though not at all wanting things to go any other way.
Just like Steve. And it's already getting to Tony, even before Steve pushes back against him, invading his personal space, gentle but commanding.
Tony, in true Tony fashion, continued on. "Maybe you're not occupying me as well as you think you are. Captain." He couldn't help adding the title on to the end, just to check.
He had no idea where Steve was at with all of this. He knew his experience in this century was limited at best, given Cap's apparent lack of interest in anyone beyond passing curiosity, occasionally extending to friendship. But even from before the ice, the only people Tony has ever heard Steve mention were Bucky, Peggy, Howard, and Dr. Erskine.
Not yet though. Tony was not good at denying himself, always the fast and hard type, but here he knew enough to exercise some caution. This was going too well for him to do anything that would risk it not continuing. Even experimenting and collecting data on his new partner wasn't enough to entice him for once.
Tony was pretty sure he could discount Erskine as having given Steve any lessons in the sexual arts. Hopefully his father as well. Although he was never openly against any variance of sexuality, he definitely felt himself to be above such things. Tony was honestly unclear how he himself had come to be, the thought of his father being involved with another human enough to procreate was so foreign to him.
His hands had started innocently enough, one on Steve's hip, the other cupping the back of Steve's head and neck, not guiding, just encouraging. But Tony is not a patient man, so naturally, they didn't stay idle long.
"You- you never said..." Steve trailed off as Tony came another step closer, into Steve's personal space.
His left hand snaked it's way along the waistband of Steve's jeans, to rest on the small of his back. Just the slightest bit of pressure brought Steve flush against him, chest to chest, hip to hip, legs slotted together like the most natural thing in the world.
Because, of course, only Steven Grant Rogers could be pressed against a man, feeling the very obvious evidence that he is very much okay with how things are going, and still need to ask beforehand.
Tony, of course, was the more daring of the two. He had little hesitation once he set his mind to doing something.
"Boss, Ms Potts is on her way up in the elevator now." FRIDAY intones, breaking whatever moment had passed between the two.
I find you. But yeah, absolutely. No twisting my arm here. I mean, if that's you 'blowing it' I'm not sure I'll survive you nailing it, although if that's how I go, what a final act-"
"...and it wasn't going quite as well as I had hoped." There was that look in Tony's eyes that was trying to tell Steve more than Tony's mouth ever would. The same look he always got when it was just the two of them.
Steve follows the gesture in his peripheral vision, then looks up to Tony's face with his eyes before slowly turning his head so they were face to face.
Steve's reaction matched his, drawing a shuddering breath before closing his teeth on Tony's earlobe and giving a sharp nibble to accentuate the movement of his groin, pressing Tony further into the wall.
So after discussing the article a bit, some additional context given by Tony, additional historical information from someone who was there from Steve, Tony jumped in.
"No, see that's the problem. Trust me, if anyone was in the wrong, it was me." Steve took a deep breath then plowed forward. "Having...feelings for a taken man is one thing, but spending time alone, having...moments together..."
"You know," Steve says, parting from Tony just far enough to bring his mouth to Tony's ear, "it's  amazing. Even when your mouth is occupied," Steve's tongue flicks out to taste Tony's earlobe briefly, a horrible tease, "I can still hear you rambling."
Tony cut him off, "Whoa there, Cap, slow your roll a minute would ya? What's this about one chance? And you're apologizing for the most intense orgasm I can recall, why, exactly? Help me out here, big guy."
The blush had receded enough, but somehow the intensity of the eye contact they now held brought on a flush of heat that was almost worse. Not the fast to come, fast to fade kind. The long, simmering kind that's uncomfortable still but kinda makes Steve never want to lose it.
Then again, nearly being caught having a moment with a man who had a girlfriend, by said girlfriend herself, might actually classify as a fiasco...
"Shit, Tony..." Steve trailed off after he had come back to himself somewhat. "I'm sorry, that was supposed to be...I mean it was never gonna be great but a little better would've been... Dammit, I got one chance and I blew it by-"
Once Tony let's his head touch the wall, Steve pulls away from the kiss again, trailing his lips to Tony's ear one more time, "Is this okay?"
Their chests brushed as they breathed, reminding Tony there was still a fair amount of space between them, all things considered. Which, huh, now that he thinks about it, that should definitely change.
Steve looks away, then back with some version of panic on his face, completely contrasted by Tony's look of being suddenly lost.
The Day had happened a little over two weeks ago now. It was about a week after they spent time bonding over Howard and Peggy (Tony in disbelief that his old man could've been cool like he was with Steve, Steve in disbelief that Peggy could've been nurturing like she was with Tony).
Odd, considering he'd never encountered a bear (or a Hulk, as it were) that he didn't immediately feel the need to poke.
"Oh, Iron Man." Steve pulls back enough to lock eyes with Tony. "Haven't you learned not to challenge me by now?"
Taking a deep breath, he decides they just need to address the problem. Deal with it so they can move on. Or at least so Steve can hopefully. Tony seems to be fine?
And oh, was that unfair of him. He's not even saying anything dirty, it's all hidden in the context, subtle, classy, controlled.
The spark of fun in Steve's eye could either be taken as a threat or a promise. Tony does indeed know well enough to take it for what it truly is: both.
They stuck to light but firm brushes of lips to start off with. He made sure there was plenty of opportunity to run, to back out if Steve was at all uncomfortable, but he also gave lots of very convincing reasons not to.
Steve gave him a questioning look, to which Tony simply responded "I knew there was a reason I liked to talk so much."
Tony studies his face a moment, then drops his hand from the counter to his knee where it touches Steve's.
Tony came across a particular article on his tablet that detailed the history of some machine or another and figured it was exactly the kind of thing Steve should read. Catching up on history and all that.
Steve read through the article quickly. Tony remains impressed by how fast and how much Steve reads. People often forget, with the way Cap looks, that he's damn smart too.
"Sorry, sir," Tony managed to voice, sounding slightly out of breath, and just a bit more like he actually meant it than he intended.
So, mission accomplished. Tony is all in for it now. No brain noise throwing "what ifs" at him, like this wasn't already the biggest "what if" that could've happened to him, ever.
Or, I liked the first chapter well enough, and the story isn't involved enough that I felt it would be too hard to incorporate the sexys as a test run. Sorry to make it sound like a guinea pig in an animal unfriendly lab, but it's also entirely written on my phone.
Steve looked startled, as if that was the last thing he ever expected to hear. Then, suddenly shy, he drops his head, and looks over at Tony through his eyelashes asking in disbelief, "You'd be up for that? Really?"
“That’s what I sensed entering Earth last night.” Stephen said, mostly to himself. Trying to figure out what was going on. Tony gave him a puzzled look, not knowing what to make of that statement.
“I have to get back to the Sanctorum, but save me a plate.” Stephen said looking at Tony. Tony nodded. He always saved Stephen a plate.
, Jan. And I’m pregnant. It’s just not-” Tony signed and dropped into the couch in his workshop. Tony didn’t bother to finish his thought. He threw an arm over his eyes and let out another sign. “Just not right now.”
Tony looked at Rhodey. “Tell her she was right and where we are. She’ll know what it means.” Tony said with a small smile. Even in a moment like this thinking of his friend’s personality made him smile.
he would get a nauseous feeling in his stomach; his pack being able to let him lay in Bucky’s bed and they acted like it was nothing. Dare Steve think that some part of them were happy for them. If Steve were a better alpha, a better
“Fuck off.” Natasha growled and picked herself up. Bucky looked at her, then looked her over. Her body was tense, angry. And she was letting it fester. Uncharacteristic of her. Bucky knew why, but given how much of a hard time Natasha had been giving Steve; Bucky had assumed Natasha had dealt with the majority of her feelings about Tony.
Expect this one! It's named after a song called OctaHate by Ryn Weaver. She really dropped a hot as album than disappeared on me wtf.
“I found out when we were on our way, okay, I don’t know anything.” Tony said as he turned a sharp corner.
” She asked the omega looking him straight in the eye. Bucky looked visibly taken aback but said nothing. “
But still, this was a Sorcerer Supreme, protector of this realm and many others and more often than not he was making
“Steve cheated on Tony with Barnes. Natasha, Clint and Sam knew. We are unsure about Thor and Banner seeing as they’ve been off planet for months now.” She said as if it was a debriefing. In a sense it was.
It started one night when the pack had gone to sleep and Tony was out of town for a conference. Steve and Bucky were on the couch watching an old black and white movie. The movie played softly as they talked about old times, what Bucky could remember.
The rough draft of a contract Pepper had drawn up basically saying Steve and his pack failed Tony and had a year to move out of the house and off the property. Tony imagined as soon as they left, he'd have the house burned and turned into something else, something useful.
“Tony Stark is horny for Stephen Strange.” Jan said with too much pride in her smile. “You see him as a potential mate.”
Tony looked tired and sad when Jan’s eyes found his face. Tony was visibly crying and Jan’s own eyes weren’t far behind. Jan dropped her stuff right there and then and slipped her coat off and let it slip on the floor before running to Tony and pulling him into her chest. Jan could feel Tony’s tears soak into her shirt, she just held on tighter as she cried with him.
“I had lost everything when I woke up.” He murmured into her, hugging her as tightly as he could without hurting her. “I just didn’t want to lose anymore.”
“I’m not proud I helped you cheat on Tony-” Steve flinched at her words. It was the first time anyone had said it outload to him. “I regret it. Tony obviously doesn’t want us to find him, even with the pregnancy.”
There were what looked like electric orange runes, arranged within a protective circle in front of Strange and Iron Man. The image looked complex and finely decorated in lines and runes Carol may never understand. It certainly was not any language Carol has ever seen. It held up strong and didn’t waiver when there must have been 100
Strange furrowed his brows but a feelings of dread ran through him like he had been dumped in an ice bath. Strange jerked to lean over to look out the window they sat next to. Tony looked at him like he was crazy before leaning over to look at whatever the alpha was staring at.
It was a late breakfast but the sun was still beautiful this time of day. The kitchen table was near the biggest window in the kitchen area, it overlooked the lush green fields of fescue grass and whatever wild grass grew in Italy. Carol threw Tony a smile before digging into her food. Carol ate just as much, if not more, food than Steve ever did.
Tony willed his thoughts away, now wasn’t the time for introspection. The two men turned a street corner and could see a trail of light heading toward the cluster of ships. Stephen stopped and continued to look up. Tony stopped to give the alpha a questioning look.
Tony looked at him with those big brown eyes. Strange felt something warm inside him stir. This was a bad idea. Strange
Haunted with memories of what was and questions of what could have been. She needed to get out, she needed to reevaluate herself. And she needed space for that, space that she couldn’t get here. Steve and his stubbornness to move on was becoming suffocating and she was starting to hate him for it.
“Christine?” Stephen asked as if he was caught off guard. “I gave you her file, she’s the best and very trustworthy.” And has a lot to lose if she breaks an NDR but Stephen was confident in his choice.
Tony’s vision went white, as if everything in existence had disappeared for just a few seconds. Tony’s whole body tensed, before becoming completely relaxed. Tony vaguely heard Steve groan as he came but he felt Steve’s hot cum fill him. The feeling of Steve made Tony shiver in pleasure as a smile crept on his face. Once Steve rode out his orgaism he slowly pulled of Tony.
He just started showing up. The omega would turn around the alpha would be there with a blanket, silently asking to at least take a nap after a “Eureka Moment” as Jan called them. Stephen had insisted it was because he was a doctor and that all of his actions were sound medical practices to help and benefit expecting omegas.
“Tony!” Steve yelled from behind them. Both omegas hurried toward Tony’s workshop. JARVIS closing doors behind them to slow down the alpha that was chasing them.
“Two years from now. It’ll be me, Carol and Thor. Along with the help of Thano’s daughters.” Stephen said, calm as ever.
Tony ran a hand through his hair and sighed. “I don’t know, Carol. She’s beyond qualified and Stephen trusts her. Which is something every other doctor out there won’t have. Plus, me being jealous isn’t rational-”
Pepper simply nodded and turned to enter the house, her hand never leaving Tony’s as she dragged him in. Pepper immediately went to the kitchen island where her computer was and started typing furiously and asking JARVIS to call and email people as well. Tony simply sat on the couch and stared.
Fury didn’t show surprise or any emotion. He simply bridged his hands over and put his elbows on his desk. After a minute in silence and thought, Fury simply nodded once in acknowledgement of what Jan had just said. Fury reached over and brought the binder back to his side of his desk.
“Is there food in this house?” Jan asked as she made her way to the fridge, delighted to see it stalked with almost every craving she was having. Jan pulled out the butter, milk, egg, cheese, and bagels. She turned on the oven and looked in the cupboards for a pan.
“Janet is her own person, Tony.” Steve had said one night in bed, Tony wrapped in blankets and cuddled in Steve’s lap. The toll of fighting with his friend was beginning to show on Tony’s 20 something face. The paling skin and dark circle under his eyes. “She can’t be forced into a pack, she has to want to join. Nobody should be forced into a bond they don’t want.”
It was a beautiful day in New York, a few thin clouds moved along the sky. The world was a lull, for once. Last night he detected a strong energy force entering Earth’s orbit, so strong it
“They can’t know about the stone, or anything else about me other than I am not a threat.” Stephen said quickly and shortly, leaving no room for argument. Jan stayed quiet, throwing a look at Tony even if he couldn’t see her.
you that I finally had a family again.” She said so only Steve could hear her. “And I told you I would kill you if you ever hurt Anthony.”
“Strange!” Tony said in absolute surprise, a smile almost forming on his face. “How are you?” Tony asked. The alpha looked rather pleased at Tony remembering him. Strange grabbed the plate of cheesecake and coffee from where they sat on the counter and handed it to Tony.
.” Tony breathed out rapidly, saying over and over. Steve only moved fasted, one hand gripping Tony’s hip bone. Steve’s fingers alignment perfectly with the bruises Bucky had left.
One Carol stopped spinning back in the air as she looked at the spaceships against the blue sky. This was odd, to Carol. They made no move unless approached, they had not introduced themselves or declared this planet for their empire. Usually people who invaded other planets have a goal in mind. They seemed to just be waiting.
It was also convenient as they were under contract to leave the Tower in less than a year. And Natasha has her eye on a pretty property in upstate New York. She left the pitch for the property in Steve’s room. She hoped Steve would follow her advice but at this point he was unpredictable. Only time will tell.
“So, what about you?” Tony asked, halfway done with his slice. “What’ve you been up to?” Tony asked.
It only took a couple of seconds after that before Bucky was on Steve again. This time Steve picked up Bucky with ease and took them to Bucky’s floor.
“There’s a soup place on the way to my place. Let me shower and I’ll bring him some. I’ll text you when I do.” Tony said, the sound of a car door closing was heard.
“Only if you tell me what’s really going on, Janet and cut the bullshit.” Fury said with no room for humor left. Jan stopped her foot tapping and sat up straighter. Only slightly, Jan prided herself on her posture. “I am running a group of
I hope you guys liked Carol and Stephan!!! I'm not sure if I should refer to him as Stephan or Strange in text not dialogue ya know, let me know what seems better to read!
The small figure grew 10x the small size and into a full fledged person. She was wearing an all black catsuit with yellow accents. Carol would hear the whispering of wings fluttering together rapidly but could barely see the Wasp’s wings. She also had on a sleek helmet that looked a lot like War Machine’s but smaller and less bulky.
“What happened?” Tony rasped, his voice dry. Without blinking, Stephen provided a glass of cold water, helping Tony sit up on the bed and brought the glass to his lips. Tony took small, gentle sips.
“We’ve got them by the balls, Tones.” Rhodey said as they walked to the main conference room. That actually got Tony to laugh as they came into view of the room. Through the glass Tony could see his ex pack was already there. Tony felt anxiety pump through his body, but also a sense of calm. Tony took in one more deep breath before breathing out and walking into the room like he owned it.
No more sitting in Tony’s workshop as what it seemed to Steve blue glittering stars fluttering around as Tony worked, his holograms seemed like
“Jan didn’t know.” Tony said softly. He was more present than he has been all day but this time he was just exhausted. “She would have told me.” Was all Tony said.
Tony turned to find Jan and Pepper. Once Peter was born and his bond mark was gone. Tony would ask Stephen if he wanted to finish that cup of coffee.
” The alpha sneered and for a split second Bucky felt fear run down his spine. “-decided to do this. You both had to know! There were only a limited amount of outcomes to your
There were moments with Steve that made Bucky feel like they were finally moving on from Tony. They would have good days where they would laugh, eat with the pack, talk about old days. Well, the one’s Bucky remembered anyway. And usually Steve will catch a glimpse of his own bond mark still on his neck and his cheery nature would simply drain out of the alpha.
A chilly breeze greeted her in place of her nephew. The window was flung open, the curtains fluttering slightly, and a light dusting of snow covered the windowsill. Clearly, Peter had been gone for a while. She looked around the room for a clue as to where he might have gone, but she found it the same as always: He hadn’t made his bed. There were clothes strewn across the floor. His laptop was open on his desk, headphones trailing from it. He’d left the light on - probably to make her think he was still here.
“- and if you’re the reporter who figures out Spider-Man’s secret identity then you’ll be famous. Hell, you’ll get a promotion.”
Steve’s heart was pounding in his chest. “I’m Captain America,” he finished, feeling a little more confident now that he’d said it aloud. “I’m sorry I didn’t tell you sooner, but I had my orders.” He paused, bracing for Tony’s reaction, but there was no reply. “Tony?”
She spent most of her time in her room, and only came out occasionally to listen in on their plans and offer quiet suggestions. Steve was sure she knew more than she was letting on, and he finally found out that he was right one day when she cornered him and Tony in the kitchen.
“Breathe with me.” Steve met his gaze and spoke with authority, as if he had handled this situation before. Maybe he had. Or maybe he just knew Tony so well that it was actually frightening. “Peter’s going to be okay,” he said as Tony’s breath started to even out. Tony didn’t take his eyes off of Steve’s steady gaze, the calmest shade of blue. “I’m going to find him, and we’re going to fix this. In a few hours, Peter will be back. Good as new.”
“We have to find him first,” May reminded them, sniffing. “This is awful.” Pepper sat next to her and put a comforting arm around her shoulders.
“- and Steve, I am going to have the police interrogating me and every reporter in the city on my doorstep in about two minutes. I don’t need another one to tell me I fucked up.”
Tony had a lot of questions. A lot. Like, when did they find him? How was he not a popsicle? Was the government aware that technically, Captain America was a trademark registered to Stark Industries and therefore, someone should have told Tony that he was now the proud owner of one brand new Steve, unfrozen and handsome as ever? Why was he pretending to be a reporter? But Tony’s mind was whirring, theories being formed and dismissed and re-formed in a matter of seconds, and what came out of his mouth wasn’t
On the third day after everyone vanished, a ship appeared in the sky. It careened into a field just outside of Wakanda and for a few tenuous, stretching moments, everyone was on edge, waiting. Then, a girl emerged from the small, broken ship. There seemed to be no one else with her. She wore a suit of armour like a knight, and her face was painted in bright colors. She didn’t look threatening. Well - on any other day, Steve might have been wary of her. She almost certainly was armed. But she wasn’t Thanos, and she didn’t look like one of his minions.
“I ended up here… shall we say… on the way to death.” Loki took a deep breath, and it seemed to rattle his entire frame. “There’s no telling how long I’ll be able to stay.”
Strange ignored him, continuing. “Out of 14 million possible future scenarios, I could see only one where we defeated Thanos. This is that scenario.”
He had never been particularly good at routine. Even in the Army, things changed day to day. Steve liked to have a task or an assignment or something to accomplish, which is why he spent four hours a day at the gym, but it hardly helped. His “work” at SHIELD so far mostly consisted of catching up on what he had missed for the last 70 years, and feeling left out whenever he spoke to other agents, even the higher ups.
The door had opened behind him, and he felt a rush of warm air as light spilled out onto the street before he was plunged into shadowy darkness again. He turned at the same time as he finished his sentence.
“I think you’re going to be just fine,” said Loki in an oddly gentle tone. It was the first comforting thing Peter had heard in a while, and his surprise must have shown on his face.
Steve said unthinkingly, “Yeah, I know.” When Tony blinked at him, he added quickly, “I mean, it’s what he was known for, right?”
It turned out that Steve the Reporter, aside from being a talented writer, excellent artist, and generally handsome person, was also decent company. They sat on the bench and got to talking about Steve’s habit of people-watching in Central Park.
Peter and Tony meet Steve the Reporter, Steve and Tony get lunch together, Natasha gives Steve some advice, and Steve does some digging.
Speaking of stress, Pepper was starting to feel her own nerves get worked up just being around these teenagers. What happened to the open-minded, confident applicants they had been on paper? She did not have time to go through a whole batch of applications all over again if none of these kids cut it. She hoped they came out of their shells in the interviews. Pepper was finally able to relax when, after showing them an entire floor of state-of-the-art labs, one of them - a girl with her hair in a messy bun and a general air of carelessness about her that somehow reminded Pepper of Tony - raised her hand.
Tony, Shuri, and Bruce put their minds together to try and figure out the dynamics of the Soul Stone, but it turned out they weren’t necessary.
On the first floor of Stark Tower, an intern ran through the spinning glass doors, the two coffees in her hand spilling a little as she bumped into someone. She paused only long enough to apologize before hurrying to get the caffeine to Ms. Potts’ office.
“Thanks. I’ll tell Pepper. She planned it. Speak of the devil…” Pepper appeared at Tony’s shoulder, eyes a little wide. She was wearing a golden gown that shimmered in the dim light and she looked a little flushed. “Steve!” She said excitedly, ignoring Tony entirely. “Oh, I’m so glad you made it. I was just telling our friend from the New Yorker that he should meet you.”
“Look, I know you want to help, but we might have some tough decisions to make here. That’s not your responsibility. Let us handle it. You… keep an eye on him.” He glanced toward Loki.
Call it motherly instinct, or maybe she was just paranoid, but before going to bed around eleven that night, she decided to check on Peter one more time. Something about him seemed off today. Of course, he had bad days just like any other sixteen-year-old. He just usually didn’t internalize his emotions like this. Peter wouldn’t always open up to her, but sometimes she would hear him talking to Ned on Facetime or know he was texting MJ from the way he was glued to his phone. Tonight, it seemed like he was cutting everyone off. It worried her.
“Wait,” Peter interrupted, his mind racing to a conclusion he didn’t like at all. “You said that Steve and Tony were imperative to this outcome. The outcome where we win.” He felt Sam and Bucky shifting beside him.
Steve, by now used to random strangers knowing exactly who he was, took this information in stride. “If I want?” He clarified, because he hadn’t really had any sort of freedom since arriving in the present.
“Gather whoever’s left,” he heard himself say. “Tell them to call their loved ones. Tell them to go home if they want. But they should understand that going home won’t change what just happened. I’m staying to fight. This isn’t over. We’ll find a way - we’ll. We’ll find a way.” It wasn’t much of a speech, but it seemed to spur action. He saw Okoye turn away from him to speak to her soldiers; he heard Rhodes shouting out to those still on the battlefield.
good at it. Tony was no art critic (as Pepper frequently reminded him when he questioned her choices for the Tower’s gallery), but he was fairly sure that Steve the Reporter could do this as more than “just a hobby.” There were sketches of the city skyline in intricate detail. The next page showed a scene of the park. It appeared as though Steve had put thought into every line, every shadow, until the families picnicking and the cars rushing by in the background came to life in black and white.
Peter Parker, who was just some nerdy kid from Queens with an affinity for Star Wars, who got starstruck around Tony even though he saw him every day.
Pepper was starting to look nervous. “Well, the workshops should still be interesting,” she said uncomfortably. “I can make sure you're not in any with him if it's going to be a problem.”
Peter wasn’t religious, but if he had to guess, Bucky was right: This was some kind of limbo. Maybe not between heaven and hell, but between universes or something like that.
It was almost ironic because Tony had worried himself sick about the danger he was putting Peter in by not telling May, by continuing to allow him to go out as Spider-Man, by pretending he had some control over the situation, by convincing himself that it would be worse if Peter was sneaking around behind his back instead. The truth was that it was just dangerous and stupid and Peter was a teenager and there was a list a mile long of things that could go wrong. (He knew that last one because Pepper told him all of the things on the list.)
“We made mistakes last time,” he said gravely. “This time, we will not repeat our actions. This time, we will be ready.”
Tony looked around. “I’m sorry, has everyone gone deaf suddenly? I said no. I mean, really? Pep, I haven’t even seen any press credentials on this guy.”
Thanks for reading! This is a work in progress and changes may be made to previous chapters as I go along (most likely, artwork being added or correcting typos that I come across). I'll be sure to make a note of it if that happens.
“Reminds me of -” Steve cut himself off. He was on his third drink, and it must really be strong, because usually he had more self-restraint than this. He looked over to see if Tony would let it slide, but he found the other man’s dark eyes gazing back at him, a little too bright and attentive. “They remind me of this girl I used to date,” he said, and all of a sudden he found himself telling Tony about Peggy, again leaving out some details but keeping the important ones. He knew he was risking everything by spilling his entire personal life to Tony. But from the way that Tony had been inching closer to him all night, and the way the back of his neck felt warm and he no longer knew what to do with his hands, Steve also knew that he was so far away from the mission right now that it didn’t even matter what he was saying anymore. He’d done exactly what they said not to do: he was completely enchanted by Tony Stark.
“Exactly. But first of all, we need to figure out just who Spider-Man is and where he came from.” Fury dropped another two files on the desk. These two were even thinner than the one with the photos, containing just a resume and a photo each. One was a wide-eyed boy who looked about twelve, the other a girl with curly hair who looked about the same age.
Tony looked thoughtful, a carefully constructed expression. “Why don’t you ask Norman Osborne and see what he says?”
Tony looked like shit. That was the only thing that Steve had time to process before Tony stumbled, and then he was catching the unconscious man in his arms before he could even think about it.
Peter took a deep breath so that his voice wouldn’t shake. His heart was beating uncomfortably fast.
“How did we all end up in the same place?” Bucky asked, ignoring him. “Peter and these guys were on Titan, but we were all in Wakanda. And if I’m understanding correctly, then half of the universe just disappeared along with us. Shouldn’t they be in here? Where’s everybody else?”
Tony looked at Steve for any sign that he had known the paparazzi was coming – but it would have been nearly impossible for Steve to anticipate that Tony was going to follow him and organize this without Tony noticing – and he looked even more surprised than Tony at the turn of events. “Yeah, I suppose so. Listen, will it bother you a lot if those pictures end up in the tabloids?” As they stood, Tony put a hand on Steve’s shoulder and led him away from their personal photographer. “Because I don’t really care, but Pepper can work her magic and make them disappear if that’s what you want.”
always seemed to have something to do. He didn’t want to pester Nick Fury - he seemed like a busy man, and Steve knew that Fury had his best interests at heart - but this was getting ridiculous. Steve was tempted to visit the nearest airport and buy a ticket to someplace he’d never been. (Then again, his last trip on an airplane had not gone well, so maybe he should hold back on that particular impulse.)
handed him part of the file before, but it had only contained relevant information. There had been nothing in there about Tony’s mysterious past. And honestly, Steve hadn’t read that far into it beyond
As Peter woke - minutes or hours or days later, he wasn’t sure - he slowly realized that his spidey sense was going crazy, his whole body tense, on edge. His hands were tied behind his back. As he slowly opened his eyes, he had the dizzying realization that he was laying on the ground but tied to a chair - clearly, at some point, he had moved around too much and knocked himself over, or maybe his captors left him like that just to further inconvenience him.
“Wait, but where were you before?” Quill asked. “You just showed up out of nowhere. And you said you ‘summoned us here,’ what does that even mean?”
Steve wasn’t sure where to begin, so he decided to deflect. “What do you know about Stark?” He knew Natasha was familiar with Tony, but he wasn’t sure if she had ever actually met him.
Quill sighed. “Come on, man. We all just faded away from the Earth and now we’re just waiting to start fading out of this place, too? This sucks.”
“So,” said Steve, brushing a hand through his hair, which was already sticking up in all different directions. His blue eyes were even more pronounced now that the glasses were gone, and his muscles looked more intimidating in his star-spangled outfit - which was ridiculous, by the way; Tony would have to make him a new one - if he got the chance. Again, Tony felt a sudden spike of fear. He really didn’t
He wasn’t looking at her face, but he felt MJ rolling her eyes at him. “You said he was tall and blonde and that Tony hated him on sight.”
A heart-stopping, deafening silence reigned over Wakanda. Steve felt like he had left his body; the sensation of so many lives just
Peter and MJ split up for their next lectures; she went upstairs to learn about grant writing, which sounded boring, while he stayed on the eighth floor to listen to a professor talk about how to growing food on rooftops in cities for when they finally ran out of land space and the population continued to grow. Peter started zoning out after a while; mainly what he gathered was that they were all screwed after the population hit 12 billion. It wasn't that the topic was boring, but the way the professor droned on was making him wonder when this would finally end.
“Who says Steve was invited?” Tony asked, even as he started plotting in his head. Inviting Steve would mean getting to see Steve in action - he could see who Steve talked to, who he ignored, what he took sneaky pictures of when he thought no one was looking - and it would be a great opportunity to find out just what he was up to.
“Tony, would you please just listen?” Steve asked. He didn’t push Tony away, but he sounded exasperated. “I would
“- kidnapped, and it was Oscorp. Wait, how did you know that?” Tony looked around. “Have you been here the whole time and I just didn’t notice?”
They all looked the worse for wear; everyone was grieving, panicking, or both. It was jarring and unnerving to go from fighting for your life to standing in an unexplainable void.
Just as they turned the corner to get away from him, they ran into Tony himself. “I was going to step in, but you seemed to have that under control,” he said, grinning. He gave MJ a fist bump and clapped Peter on the shoulder. “Now, I get to lecture that kid for half an hour on why his boss is so stupid. Maybe this wasn't such a bad idea after all.”
Tony didn’t hesitate. He grabbed the front of Steve’s shirt and pinned him to the wall with all of the strength he could muster. Steve was taller than him, and bulkier, but Tony had the advantage of surprise and force of will. This was not the romantic way he had pictured pinning him up against the wall earlier. This was something – some protective rage – that Tony wasn’t sure he had ever felt before.
“It’s okay. She won’t tell anyone. She won’t,” Tony said firmly at Peter’s raised eyebrows. “I promise.”
The thing was, no one told Steve about the arc reactor, and he didn’t know how to ask without sounding rude. He only knew it was called an arc reactor because Peter mentioned it while he was babbling about all the cool things Tony had invented. Steve honestly didn’t remember how they got on the topic. Peter just talked constantly; it was inevitable that he would bring up Tony, because he seemed captivated by the man. It was endearing, but Steve couldn’t exactly press Peter for details about his mentor without him becoming suspicious.
Tony just shook his head. “I have no idea. I think she can read minds and she just hasn’t told me yet.”
“May,” said Tony, pushing aside his own panic because it wasn’t going to help right now. He swallowed down his fear and anxiety, gently took her by the shoulders, and looked her in the eye. “Peter isn’t with Ned. You might want to sit down for this.”
He suddenly became aware that he had taken out the suit as soon as he’d seen the news, and it had been dropped on his couch during the call with Tony. He shoved the suit under a blanket and cautiously approached the door, ready for anything. Steve took a breath, and opened it quickly to reveal -
“Maybe pick a different method of testing your powers next time, huh?” Tony suggested as he held an ice pack to Peter’s face. This kid was going to be the death of him.
The mild-mannered reporter had been replaced by pure, all-American confidence in a star-spangled suit. Tony would actually have laughed out loud, been completely fucking hysterical because Steve was dressed like Captain America, which was ludicrous, except - except -
Sorry for posting this chapter so late! I had more to write than I thought, and the last few weeks have been unexpectedly busy, but here it is! Apologies in advance for typos... feel free to point them out when you find them, because I'm sure there are some. Thanks for reading :)
“Peter?” She called. His light was still on, which meant he was up. “Peter, sweetie, I just wanted to make sure you’re okay. You’ve been awfully quiet today.”
“Or we might have been just as screwed. There’s no point discussing it now. What’s done is done. Until we find a way to defeat Thanos, dwelling on the past is only going to slow us down.” Steve could hear the hypocrisy in his own words - if anyone had a tendency to dwell on the past, it was him - and maybe Tony could, too, because he apparently didn’t listen at all.
Tony stayed up all night in his workshop, barely paying attention as he automatically went through the motions of doing regular maintenance and adding updates to the robots. His mind kept drifting to Peter and how he’d left the kid angry, and he shouldn’t have done that. Tony was not prepared to parent a teenager, but he was trying, damn it. When Peter’s internship at Stark Industries started, neither of them were expecting that it would end with both of them struggling to hide his superpowers from the rest of the world.
“Your brother is Thor, right? Thor’s so cool,” said Peter reverently. The second part was added as an afterthought, and he flushed bright red. “I mean, I wish he would contact us. Or maybe Mr. Stark could figure something out. Do you think -”
JARVIS finished traced Norman Osborne’s movements through surveillance cameras and his cell phone, and it led them to a series of storage units by the Hudson. Osborne had visited the area twice in the past week, but there was no record of him taking anything there or renting a unit. It certainly looked like he was scoping out the area.
“Tell us more about this scenario where we win,” she said. “Couldn’t they also use the Time Stone to turn back time? Why does it have to be the Soul Stone?”
“It’s the real thing,” Steve confirmed, and Jesus, even his voice was deeper. The glasses were gone, his expression serious, and it all seemed so obvious in hindsight that Tony took a precious few seconds out of worrying about Peter to feel like a complete and utter idiot, and then he was back to worrying about Peter.
when he knew that there was only one way this conversation could end. They were running out of options fast. If Peter was missing - Tony’s mind raced with the possibilities. Did he run away? Did he get injured while he was out as Spider-Man? Or worse?
Steve wanted to know - more than he would like to admit - what had happened to Tony. He came when Bruce called because he had picked up the phone thinking it was Tony on the other end. He was ready for their fight to end. Mistakes had been made, and feelings had been hurt, maybe irreparably, but Steve knew that if he just saw Tony face to face that they could fix things, or at least try to work together. He wasn’t sure they would ever fully get past it, but he needed Tony at a time like this. There were more times than he could count in the last few years that he had looked around for Tony only to be disappointed; he often had problems he knew Tony could solve but no way to contact him. And now, there were bigger fights to be won. Their arguments seemed petty and ridiculous in comparison to the battle against Thanos. Steve needed Tony now more than ever.
“Johnny Storm is going to be so excited when she finds out you were rescued by Captain America,” said Ned. “The cat,” he clarified when his friends just looked at him blankly. “Storm? I told her about you guys. She knows you’re Spider-Man. It’s okay that I told her, right?”
Steve huffed a laugh, and they separated for a minute so that Tony could properly take his tie off, but Tony just ended up pulling him closer instead. Steve leaned in again, and -
The annual Stark Industries holiday party was originally a gathering for SI employees only. It was a chance to to celebrate their successes from the year and blow off some steam before departing for their holiday break. Over the years, the party had become more and more extravagant, and these days it was one of New York City’s most anticipated events of the year. Anyone who was anyone was invited to Stark Tower for one night only. It was attended by celebrities, billionaires, politicians, and various scientists who always looked a little out of place among the glitz and glam, nervously hurrying past the hordes of paparazzi outside on their way in. The scientists came for the networking opportunity and the socialites came to be seen. It was a partier’s party.
“Bet I could build one before they leave,” said Tony, and some of the interns looked excited at the prospect, finally showing some interest in something.
Tony sighed. The kid was probably right. He worried too much - wait. “Wait, did you say ‘won’t’ tell him?”
In the distance, the sound of repulsor blasts emboldened him. If Tony could do it, so could Peter. Of course, Tony had a really fancy suit and a lot more life experience, but Peter wasn't really thinking about that right now. When one of the spiders got close enough, he used every ounce of his strength to smash the chair over its head. The result was - gross. It went splat, just like regular spiders, except it oozed some kind of bright green chemical instead of blood. For some reason, Peter had been expecting something a little cooler to happen. The good news was that it was dead. The bad news was that now all the other spiders were coming for him.
He stood from the table while May was still talking, pacing restlessly back and forth. Their plan was to have May call the police and report her nephew missing - no reason not to have all hands on deck helping them search - and she was going to mostly tell the truth, leaving out that Peter had anything at all to do with Tony Stark or Stark Industries. Separately, Pepper would make sure that everything was running smoothly at the Tower while Tony went out to search the places the police wouldn’t think to look. The third part of their plan, which was only to be enacted after Peter had been missing for 24 hours - if it came to that, and Tony prayed that it wouldn’t - was to start contacting other heroes and vigilantes in the area and make them aware that Spider-Man was missing. This was a last resort, since they didn’t want to risk revealing Peter’s identity by accident. The fewer people who knew, the better.
She explained to them how Thanos had to sacrifice someone he cared about in order to get the Stone. Gamora was probably the only person he had ever cared for enough to qualify, so she had been doomed from the start of his quest for the Infinity Stones.
“So you helped develop something completely pointless that will never work in the real world,” said MJ dryly. “Big deal.”
At that point, the remaining students started yelling and running for the stairs. Peter had fallen against the wall, clutching his leg where it had been burned, but was still attached, which was good. Students rushed past him and only one of them stopped. MJ helped him up and he realized belatedly that in the confusion, she had killed Spider 3 after it got him.
you’ve been at your internship,” said Tony, smiling just a little too wide. “I wanted to come here in person and tell your aunt -”
For a wild moment, Steve thought she meant “someone like you” in the superhero sense, but then he realized she just meant that it was a great chance for him as a journalist. He forced a smile onto his face and said, “Sounds like fun. Count me in. Are you sure -” He cut himself off, not sure if he should ask, and then asked anyway. “Are you sure Tony won’t mind?”
“Wait, Oscorp is going to be there?” MJ appeared next to them, and as usual, Peter was not far behind. MJ leveled a look at Pepper. “You didn't mention that before.”
It was snowing out and Peter was missing and May was crying in Tony’s kitchen. Pepper, who had showed up right on cue after May started yelling at Tony for letting Peter become a vigilante, handed May a steaming cup of tea.
Steve made up his mind as Tony actually shouted out. For a moment, he wondered if Tony could possibly be awake, if he was hallucinating or having some kind of anxiety attack. But when Steve opened the door, he saw Tony tangled in the sheets, bare chest glistening with sweat, eyes screwed shut as he tried to fend off the demons in his mind.
Death was not new to Steve; he had been around it all his life, especially in war, and he knew better than to live out what were potentially his last days in fear of it. He wasn’t exactly looking forward to it, but they were nearly out of other options. It was out of his control.
“Ned,” said Peter urgently at school the next day. “Can you keep a kitten at your house? Just for a while? May would never let me keep her in the apartment.”
Ned shrugged. “Don’t know,” he whispered back. “Maybe he’s sick? He gave me a kitten the other day. He was being really weird.”
The problem was that he couldn’t stop thinking about Tony kissing him, and he couldn’t get the image of Peter looking so vulnerable out of his head. Steve felt a sudden surge of protectiveness over both of them. Who was SHIELD to pry into their lives, anyway? As far as Steve could tell, Peter was a good kid, and Tony wasn’t doing anything suspect. Not for the first time, Steve wondered about Fury’s ulterior motives in sending him here. Steve didn’t believe for a second that Peter was the dangerous vigilante that the papers made him out to be - he was just a teenager playing superhero. And Steve didn’t know the whole story, but he suspected that Fury’s hunch was right, and Peter’s powers developed after the spider incident at MIT. That meant that Peter had only had powers for a few months. He was probably still trying to figure things out.
“Tony?” Bruce sighed after another long pause and put down the phone. “It’s just static.” He ran a hand through his hair nervously. “If he got on that spaceship when Thanos came to Earth, he could be anywhere by now.”
He carefully put Tony’s file back along with Howard’s, and he left the room with more questions than answers.
As she went back to working on her laptop, Tony rushed to say, “I thought you would be happy that I want to be more involved.”
All three of them jumped and Peter slid off the lab bench, knocking aside a sterile needle on the way. They tried and completely failed to look nonchalant.
Pepper must have picked up on his reluctance, because she put a hand on his arm and said, “I do hope you’ll come. Even if you’re not a big partier, everyone who’s anyone in New York will be there, and it’s a good networking opportunity for someone like you.”
His phone started vibrating in his pocket. Tony pulled it out, dread pooling in his stomach, except this time, it was a number he recognized. He froze for a second. Then he answered. “Steve?” He turned away from Pepper and the others.
Peter let go of him with a bright smile and turned to Cap. “Thank you for rescuing me, uh - Captain America, sir.”
Steve, in turn, stayed up late with Tony in the kitchen and told him about their equally botched attempts to kill Thanos: how Wanda and Vision had given up everything, how Thor should have gone for the head, how Bucky and Sam slipped through his fingers.
do anything to hurt Peter.” He searched Tony’s gaze. “What you overheard - it’s not what you think.”
He found Tony at the same time. The older man entered his peripheral vision, swaying slightly on his feet already. “Hey, careful. Your face might freeze that… way.” Tony trailed off, distracted, and Peter glanced over at him. He barely refrained from laughing out loud at what he saw.
“Hey, we just saved your butt,” said Tony, still wrapped in Steve’s arms and showing no signs of going anywhere. “We get a happy ending, too.”
have anything to do with radioactive spiders suddenly bursting into existence. But Steve had no idea how that kind of thing would even work; hell, he didn’t even know how the serum that made him into a super-soldier worked.
Before Tony could fully process that, Steve placed a gentle kiss on his hand and straightened. Pepper was back. It was time.
The floor was cement, and Peter could already feel the cold seeping into his body. The rest of the room - at least, what he could see of it while laying on his side - was equally nondescript. But there was a shaft of light cast onto the door in front of him, which meant there was a window, probably up high, behind him. If he could reach it -
Steve flipped through the rest of the file, including all of the Appendixes it had mentioned, but the medical information was like a foreign language to him and he found himself wondering why SHIELD had an entire Appendix dedicated solely to Tony’s college transcripts. It was with some satisfaction that he noted their blueprints for the Iron Man suit were carefully labeled,
This turned out to be a mistake. It was getting late, and as Peter walked along the sidewalk, which was mostly abandoned, he became aware that he was being followed. His spidey senses alerted him before he heard them coming. Multiple people. Heavy footsteps. A few guys, then. They were probably the ones whose fight he had interrupted earlier. Or maybe he was being paranoid, and it was just someone walking home. Either way, he ought to get off the streets anyway. If he stayed out much later, May would get suspicious.
“You think he…” Steve trailed off, because he actually couldn’t even fathom what Fury was trying to imply. Sure, it was unlikely that a vigilante who could climb walls and shoot a web-like substance
“Oh, there you are,” she said with a slightly hysterical edge to her voice. She looked - well, she always looked beautiful, but she had dark circles under her eyes and her hair was frizzy, and she was wearing her glasses, which she normally didn’t do out in public. “Is Peter here?” She looked around like he might just appear out of a corner somewhere. “Your -” she gestured to the ceiling - “voice thing said he wasn’t, but -”
“We could use him in this fight.” Steve watched as Bruce tried to hide his surprise at this statement. “If we’re all that’s left, we’re going to need all the help we can get. Besides, I don’t know how much you know about defeating Thanos, but I’m not exactly an expert.” The thought scared him more than anything else: What if they just weren’t good enough? What if they couldn't find a way to defeat Thanos? What if it was too late; what if there was no way? Tony would have answers. Probably. Maybe. There was only one way to find out.
“Huh,” Tony frowned. So this was what Steve the Reporter did in his spare time. He sat at the park and drew pictures of the world, probably right before he helped a little old lady across the street. Tony almost felt bad for following him. Except that he didn’t, and he wasn’t over his suspicion quite yet. “You’re pretty talented. A writer
The following days were some of the most stressful of Tony's life. While Bruce tried to figure out a way to help Peter focus on individual sounds so that he wasn’t hearing
For reasons he couldn’t quite explain, he didn’t call Coulson back. And he didn’t tell Fury, either.
“Whoa, slow down,” said Tony, awkwardly patting his back. “Listen, kid - first of all, you can call me Tony. We’re at that point. And I know you’re sorry. Getting kidnapped usually does that to people. Someday, I’ll tell you all about the time I got kidnapped. But don’t worry about any of that right now. I’m just glad you’re safe.”
know,” Peter began angrily, angling himself toward Tony with a finger pointed at him, “that you are in denial about him. He’s a good person, okay? I know you don’t trust him -”
Tony’s surprised gasp let Steve deepen the kiss, and for a few moments Tony forgot how to breathe altogether.
“So… Spider-Man must have been at MIT that day,” said Steve. “Right? And he must be close to Stark, which narrows it down.”
Peter Parker entered Tony Stark’s life as a bright-eyed intern, ready to learn and eager to please. The only problem was, Tony realized after three days of having Peter follow him around, he had no idea what interns were actually supposed to be
A strong hand grabbed his ankle. Peter cursed and tried to kick it away, but then he lost his footing. His attackers took advantage of his imbalance and yanked him down to the ground. They weren’t careful about it. It was a messy, short struggle as they all fell to the street together.
Peter flung himself to his feet and spun around, knocking one of the two men down with the chair as they shouted and flailed. He took advantage of their surprise and made for the door, only to be tripped up by the larger of the two, the one with the intimidating voice - he’d been right; the man was at least three times Peter’s size. His biceps were the same size as Peter’s head. He loomed over Peter, and raised his fist.
Tony was thinking about skipping the holiday party altogether until he realized that it was actually a blessing.
Tony was definitely his own unique brand of genius, but it was obvious that he also had his father’s stubborn will to see a project through.
Last time, he’d been back by morning. “He’ll be back in the morning and you can yell at him then,” she told herself. “You can’t call the police until the morning anyway because he’s only been missing for a few hours at most. He was back by the morning. He’ll be back in the morning.”
“Then maybe he had some club to get to, or maybe he was just hanging out with his friends?” Bruce shrugged. “Could be that his aunt wanted him home earlier. Why don’t you just ask him?”
“Because he’s not trustworthy,” Tony cut him off, but was ignored. He realized that Peter was mirroring the body language that
“Then what is it?” Tony demanded, and Steve didn’t answer right away. “I get it. It’s your job,” he continued, shaking Steve a little. “It’s your job to find the next scoop and to write the next big headline -”
Close up, the God of Mischief looked the worse for wear: he was thin, bruised, and clearly tired. It seemed like his injuries from a past fight were frozen in time, still there but not healing.
Just as he had made up his mind not to give up entirely, the surreal noise of a cell phone buzzing broke through the deathly silence.
This chapter requires some suspension of disbelief to imagine that Tony, for some reason, doesn't know what Captain America looks like... let's just imagine that Tony resented Captain America for a long time, so he avoided even looking at pictures of him. Sure. (I made this up for fun. Bear with me.)
Thank you for reading, and follow me on Tumblr @marvelsmostwanted for more content/complaining about Marvel/commentary you didn't ask for.
He carried a tan messenger bag that he never would have picked out for himself. It contained a notebook, a few pens, and an iPad that he barely knew how to use.
As if Steve could read his mind, he said softly, “I meant what I said earlier. We’re all going to be here for you from now on. But before that happens, I think - I should apologize.” He frowned. “I’ve never been good at keeping secrets, and… that’s because I don’t like liars. I did it for a mission, but that’s no excuse. I shouldn’t have lied to you for all those months. You didn’t deserve that, and neither did Peter or MJ, and I’m sorry.”
Pepper had a way of issuing commands without saying anything at all. It was a little scary, and very impressive. She pushed a small white envelope into his hands with a smile, which he tentatively returned. On the one hand, this would be a good opportunity to see Tony in action, and to see who showed up. If anything suspicious was going on, this would be a good chance to have a meetup without anybody noticing. On the other hand, Steve wasn’t sure how he felt about walking into a party with all of New York’s 21st century elites. It sort of made his skin crawl.
“Natasha,” Steve interrupted. Her gaze snapped back to him. “Go to New York.” A plan was forming in his head. An actual plan. “You and Hawkeye take the lead. Assess the damage. Find out if there’s anyone left - anyone - who knows how to defeat Thanos. I don’t care who - Deadpool, the X-Men, whoever you can find to help. Report back to me. Keep the city safe in the meantime. You know how to do damage control, or at least, however much you can.”
He crept around the corner and spotted some students cowering behind tables. There were at least two other tables that had already been sawed in half by - were those laser beams? What the hell? There were five giant spiders prowling around, being generally creepy and occasionally, completely unpredictably, shooting off lasers towards the crowd of students. Peter had the advantage of surprise, so he used it to grab a chair no one was using. None of the students were paying any attention to him, their gazes locked on the spiders. Peter felt reckless and stupid and he really had no idea what he was doing, but MJ was up here somewhere and he was not about to let her, or any of these other kids, get hit by one of those lasers.
“They don’t treat me like one of them,” he explained. He wasn’t sure why he was telling Loki this. “I’m not - I’m not more important than any of them just because I’m younger. I wish they would just treat me like everybody else.”
Tony continued, “Nebula decided on us because I give a shit about you, too, Steve, and apparently that fact is incredibly obvious to everyone except you.”
Peter didn’t know what to look at first: the bright lights and decorations, the celebrities, the ball gowns, the
They said their good-byes and Tony was almost to his car when Peter came running after him. “Here,” he said, handing him a rather heavy black bag. “It’s the microscope.” His face was beet red. “I’m really sorry, Mr. Stark. I shouldn’t have -”
Somehow, the entire mission had turned upside down in the span of a few short hours. Steve wasn’t even sure whose side he was on anymore. He was keeping things from Tony
After staying up all night promising himself he would be a better co-parent to Peter, Tony broke his one promise to the kid.
Tony felt the urge to scream. “Does anyone else have a better plan?” He asked impatiently, pacing back and forth in front of them. “Because unless we send in the Hulk, which is definitely not more subtle than Iron Man, I don’t see how -”
The room was abuzz with questions, reporters shouting over each other until finally, one could be heard clearly over the others: “Mr. Stark, can you prove that Oscorp created Spider-Man?”
Being away from Tony for the last two years was not dissimilar to waking up in the 21st century: He felt lost, a bit hopeless, and in his worst moments, utterly desperate. He asked himself over and over again if there was something, anything he could have done differently, if there was any way he could have prevented this. The only answer he could come up with was
“So have you technically died twice now?” He asked Bucky, then flushed. “I mean, sorry if you don’t want to talk about -”
all went missing from his lab in the last three days. You’re the only one who’s been in there besides him or me. Is there something you want to tell me, Parker?”
after a while. There’s no telling exactly where they went or how long it will take for it to happen to us, but there is no question in my mind: While the space here may be endless, our time here is limited.”
He was stuck there with a strong, sticky-looking substance. Tony took his glasses off. It looked like -
The scene changed from the newscaster to the man himself, standing behind a podium as flashbulbs went off in his face.
“My dad worked with the Army,” Tony said, kind of randomly. It was the first time he’d mentioned Howard in front of Steve. It felt significant, even in this crowded room surrounded by party-goers. “Making weapons, and stuff.”
First, Peter started sticking to walls. This information was concerning to both him and Tony. They conferred with Bruce, trying to figure out if this was the only effect of the spider bite - because it was obvious that Peter's new ability could only be the result of the mutant spiders.
“This is for nanoparticles,” said Tony slowly. “What kind of experiment is a high school student doing that involves nanotechnology?”
the kid. He’d grown fond of the way that Peter asked a million questions and interrupted his own sentences and rambled about Ned and MJ like they hung the moon. He knew Peter looked up to him, and he knew that if he was really going to be Peter’s part-time parent, then it was a long-term commitment and he needed to start by making amends for freaking out about Steve.
“It could also be the Reality Stone,” Strange said. “One could simply alter reality to reflect what it was before Thanos. Any of the Stones, really, could do the trick. There are infinite possible scenarios. I didn’t see all of the details; I only saw outcomes. There was only one scenario in which the outcome was favorable for more than half of the universe. We are currently on that path, but as I said - it depends on the actions of our friends on Earth.”
Because about a month after Steve decided to cross the line keeping him away from Tony Stark, he was fighting him for his life in Siberia.
“Tony, don’t be ridiculous. Steve is not a corporate spy.” Pepper’s tone made it clear that she was done with this conversation already.
Hey look, a new chapter! I hope it was worth the wait. Still un-beta'd, so... feel free to point out grammar mistakes and typos, but also, I am already aware of the overuse of italics.
“Right, right, good point, and I thought of that, so it would also have to be waterproof, and I don’t know what material would do that.”
It took a few weeks, but their plan came together in two parts: Thor and Valkyrie, and Steve and Tony.
“Lunch,” Tony repeated. The subject change did not go unnoticed, but a hot dog sounded a lot better than whatever green smoothie was waiting for him back at the Tower. “Sure.”
It didn’t take long to find him. Tony landed on top of a building, looking down into an alleyway where two would-be muggers were getting their asses kicked by a vigilante in a red suit and black mask, who had the advantage of being able to climb the walls. He was also shooting the same web-like substance at them, and it was surprisingly strong. It knocked a gun out of one man’s hand - wait, he had a gun? Fuck. Before he could think about it, Tony knocked both guys out with two quick repulsor beams, landing in the dark alley between them and Peter.
“Stark, did you borrow some of my lab equipment?” Bruce was frowning, which was never good, but he didn’t look green around the edges, just confused.
“I’m Steve Carter, you just said,” he answered cheekily. Even that was a lie, Steve realized. How did people go undercover for months on end? He couldn’t even stand it for a few weeks. “I’m a reporter from Brooklyn.”
“I didn’t know that,” said Steve, again honestly. His heart was pounding loudly in his ears; he knew he was flying way too close to the sun. He wanted so badly to ask about Howard, to learn more about Tony, but he forced that urge down and changed the subject instead. “Do you think he’ll ever get the courage to ask her to dance?” He gestured with his glass to indicate Peter and MJ, who were awkwardly hovering at the edge of the dance floor. MJ had her arms crossed, and Peter was nervously taking a sip of his soda. They both looked completely out of place.
Captain America was alive and well. Steve was cooperative, giving a handful of friendly interviews as Peter was quietly ushered away in the background, none of the paparazzi any the wiser.
Tony understood that he had been dismissed. As he walked back toward the labs, he formulated a new plan. Despite the documentation he had just seen, he still didn’t trust Steve the Reporter. He was too convenient, too timely, too… handsome, was the word that popped into Tony’s head. It didn’t make logical sense, but Tony felt like something was off.
“He is saying that we are dying,” Mantis translated. “The universe will not allow us to be stuck in limbo forever.”
Also, I’m working on a new Stony fic, post-Infinity War, so keep an eye on my Tumblr @marvelsmostwanted for that. :) I think I'll post that one all at once, because clearly I cannot be trusted with WIPs!
Tony followed him on foot. He would have preferred to take a car to avoid being recognized, but Steve always walked to the Tower, so it wasn’t an option. Tony put on a leather jacket over his AC/DC t-shirt, and he donned a baseball cap and aviators to blend in. He waited ten seconds after Steve left the building, and then he snuck out a side door to follow.
“You know,” said Tony with a thoughtful tilt to his head, “you could have saved us all a lot of time here if you just said, ‘You’ll need to push someone off a cliff and see what happens.’”
Also, when the spiders got closer and she got a better look at the greenish glow they were giving off, she became pretty sure they were radioactive.
Steve was sure that Rhodey didn’t intend to put the literal weight of the universe on his shoulders, but he found that it was an impossible question to answer.
All four of them turned at the sound of a familiar voice. MJ was walking toward them - how did she get in; there were security protocols - and she was accompanied by, of all people, Steve. Steve the Reporter.
Tony was undeterred. “Whatever. The particle accelerator isn’t even the coolest thing in here.” He continued in a stage whisper, “Did she show you the rocket launcher yet?”
Nat took one look at them and called for Bruce, jogging off to find him as Steve set Tony down on the couch. He was finally able to get a good look at him.
I literally forgot I was writing this fic so, apologies for the delay on the last chapter. I did warn you that it would be an unsatisfying ending. And I didn't tag Major Character Death because... I feel like you had a lot of warning. This is also another warning. It's a short and angsty chapter. Read away!
Peter still looked a little shell-shocked, wide-eyed and frightened, but also trusting. Too trusting, Tony thought, which is what got them into this situation in the first place. “Okay.”
He was seething. “It was only a matter of time before someone connected the dots between the MIT incident and Spider-Man, so they’re getting me to frame myself so it will throw the feds off their trail.” Tony could feel time ticking away, second by second. It had been over two hours since May arrived to tell him the news and he was not pleased that they hadn’t made any progress at all. He was itching to do something, anything, but he couldn't do anything that would put Peter at risk. They would be willing to kill him to eliminate the evidence.
“What does that mean?” Quill had wandered over to see what was going on, followed by the other remaining Guardians.
“They could hurt Peter if they find out you’re searching for him instead of making the announcement and paying the ransom,” Bruce pointed out.
The man’s face broke into a friendly smile. On second thought, he looked a little too unkempt to be Jesus. Not that Peter really had a good idea of what Jesus would look like in person.
Peter gasped. They had threatened Tony? This had to be OsCorp. A chill ran through him. Peter hadn’t been afraid of OsCorp, really, until now. He had always assumed that the spiders were a freak accident that could have happened to anyone, but he should have listened to Tony: OsCorp was a dark organization with secrets to keep, and they would do anything to keep them.
Flash was already booking it to the stairway, the coward. Peter turned to MJ, triumphant, when all of a sudden her face fell and a new voice joined the fray.
“I’ll take care of the media,” said the same urgent voice from downstairs, the familiar one. Peter thought it might be Norman Osborn, someone he had only ever seen in TV commercials. “You keep an eye on the kid.”
They acted as if the Soul World was still a mystery to them, and meanwhile, they plotted their own demise. They would wait for Thor to carry out his plan, because there was a slim possibility that it would work, and as Tony pointed out, “The fewer literal human sacrifices we need to make, the better.”
All of the books and videos said so, anyway. But right now, Steve was bored out of his mind. He had been confined to SHIELD headquarters and his apartment for the last two months, and he was getting cabin fever. Even though he was technically allowed to access all of the stores, coffee shops, and restaurants on the block between his apartment building and SHIELD, it was starting to feel like he was on house arrest. He had been to every single one of those places, and now he even had a little routine: he went to the same place for his coffee each morning; he bought pizza from the same place every Friday night.
He stopped a robbery at a corner store. He saved someone crossing the street from an oncoming taxi. He scared off some guys having a fight in a back alley, and then he stopped to have a churro.
on the back. “That’s your key,” said Fury. “Use it to open whatever doors you need until we get to the bottom of this.”
“You should go,” Tony heard himself say. He wasn’t sure why. His heart was pounding just as loudly as before, only now it was anxiety, not anticipation. He didn’t know what else to do - Steve knew. Steve
He did his best to look innocent. “I -” He was jostled by someone brushing by him, pushing him further into Tony’s space. Tony caught him by the elbow to steady him. His touch didn’t linger, but Steve took notice of the fact that Tony didn’t seem to mind being closer to him than strictly necessary. He told himself it was the drink in Tony’s hand and not the subtly growing tension between them that had existed for the last few weeks. He cleared his throat. “I haven’t had a chance to get to the bar yet,” he said finally. “It’s a great party,” he added lamely. It was as if his mind had turned off and he suddenly had nothing to say.
Nebula, who had kept to herself since her arrival with Tony, turned out to be the most valuable resource they had.
They had stolen moments together after that, sleeping fitfully as one or the other fought off nightmares, but it was never more than platonic. They were caught somewhere between friends and lovers, an abyss that grew so wide that except for in his wildest dreams, Steve had talked himself out of any hope of ever crossing it.
After perusing the inventions for a solid hour, Peter and MJ were ushered into a workshop on the potential merits of underground travel, led by Tony himself. It was actually supposed to be on his latest updates to the Stark phone (which included the ability to start your car remotely and project images holographically) but he apparently changed his mind after seeing the flying car. It was still completely fascinating and Peter loved seeing Tony in his element. Even though he claimed to hate these events, it was obvious that Tony enjoyed the opportunity to teach others about things he thought about on a daily basis, which were completely novel to his captivated audience.
Why today, why them, why this way? Why did he sacrifice himself in one war only to live to see another day of senseless destruction? What was the point of it all?
He tried twice more, but no luck. He turned to see three shadowy figures at the head of the alley. He’d trapped himself in here. Cursing under his breath, heart pounding in his ears, Peter did the only thing his panicking mind could think of and started climbing the wall. “Shit, shit -”
Valkyrie and Thor started plotting. No one knew exactly what they were talking about, and even if you tried to eavesdrop, you would only hear snippets about planets no one had heard of and potential solutions that involved mechanical stars. After a few days of this, everyone decided it was best to leave them alone. If they came up with a solid plan, they would share it with them.
“I’m going to call Clint,” she said gently. “If half of his family just disappeared, or if he - they should know what’s going on.” Even in the face of unspeakable tragedy, she was holding steady. Prepared. Knew who to call, what to do. He was so grateful for her in that moment that he could barely speak.
fighting some bad guys, and then feeling like he was being ripped apart, falling into Tony’s arms before he woke up here. “Where’s Tony?”
Loki was a patient listener. He let Peter ramble on about Dr. Strange and Banner and Tony, and going to other planets, and meeting the Guardians of the Galaxy, and finally, encountering Thanos. He was most interested in the part where Tony was dying and Strange exchanged the Time Stone for his life. Like Peter, he seemed to find it unusual.
Peter turned to find himself face to face with eight red eyes. He barely had time to register how screwed he was before he felt an excruciating pain in his side and shouted out. As he fell to the floor in pain, he was practically blinded by a repulsor blast that finished off the final spider.
He realized he was still staring at the spot where Bucky had vanished like he was expecting him to come back.
“Wait! Wait.” Peter scrambled to his feet, pulling away from Sam to look him pleadingly in the eye. “He knows something. He can help us.”
Curiosity got the better of him for a brief moment and Steve shuffled through Howard’s file, most of it containing blueprints and designs that he couldn’t begin to comprehend, and some photos that Steve was in. It made his heart twist. Then he reminded himself that he came down here to learn about Tony.
They weren’t sure when to expect Tony, and Steve arrived a few days too early. For every hour he was there, he wondered if something had happened to Tony on the way there. Was he hurt? Or had he changed his mind?
a huge nerd,” Tony reminded him, and when Peter raised an eyebrow he rushed to add, “Nothing wrong with that, of course. Are you sure he didn’t mention Oscorp at all? Nothing about MIT or spiders or -”
After a couple of weeks during which Tony worried and Bruce tried to reassure him that nothing was wrong, Peter started lingering around the lab again. He still wasn’t asking a lot of questions, not like normal. When Tony asked about school, though, Peter chattered on about Ned and MJ and what they were learning in chemistry and how terrible PE was, and it was almost like things were normal again, only then Tony noticed the second thing that felt off: Peter was working on something.
Nat snorted. “He never trusted them, if that’s what you mean. In his reckless phase, he actually used to sleep with reporters, but he always kicked them out right away. Wait, you’re not –”
“You know what’s weird?” Tony said as he stepped out of the suit for the second time that night, putting himself on Peter’s level as he walked closer. Peter took several steps backward, still refusing to reveal his face. “I just saw a guy hanging from a brick wall and he looked like he was covered in spider webs. Only, I don't think it was a spider. Did you know there’s only one known substance that’s stronger than spider’s silk?" He didn’t wait for an answer. “Carbon nanotubes. Which you can only engineer if you know how to use nanotechnology. And the weird thing is, I
And that was it, wasn’t it? Tony deserved an alpha who wouldn’t cheat, Tony deserved a pack who told him of such a crime. But Tony had a selfish pack, who wanted to keep Tony at any cost. If that meant lying to his face then so be it, anything to keep Tony in orbit.
Maria was still out in the office, she had wanted to do a little more work. Nick took a sip of his drink as he started to gently rock back and forth. Nick almost fell into a relaxed state before his ears twitched at a noise in the sky. It was a very familiar noise. He cracked his eyes open to see a colorful show of lights
Usually, it was Pepper who noticed when Tony was about to have a panic attack, but she was in another room on the phone. May was deep in discussion with MJ, and Tony’s throat was closing.
They had just reached the elevator when an all-too-familiar voice said, “Pep, they don’t want to hear about that. Tell them about the particle accelerator instead.”
with three boxes of pizza (two were just for Steve) and a few glasses of wine. It was nice. Steve wouldn’t have been able to have this kind of friendship with a woman 70 years ago, and his friendship with Nat was invaluable to him, even if it meant a ribbing from Sam or Clint every once in a while.
Tony cleared his throat. “Hello,” he said nonchalantly, like he hadn’t just spent the last half hour scurrying through the streets of New York trying to find him. “Are you following me outside of the Tower now, too?” (The best way to avoid looking guilty was to accuse the other person of the crime. At least, it was according to the plan that Tony just made up on the spot.)
