His face scrunches up and no, that’s no good.  She wants to remember her son as he was when he young and thriving, when he was overjoyed about robots and cars and circuit boards.
But Tony has to know, he has to.  Even if the poor boy…her son…has to sit through his mother’s funeral once more.
At that, Tony only blinked.  Coulson, who they thought had been dead for nearly a month, until Tony was hacking through SHIELD files for this that and the other and found out that, in fact, Coulson was most certainly not dead, and had been reinstated to active duty.  Fury’s excuse for not telling them was that it was none of their goddamn business.  To counter that, the Avengers had all explained that because of this man’s death that they’d managed to come together, set aside their differences and save New York.
For once in his life, Tony was early, as he realized when his driver dropped him off in front of the diner.  Only quarter till seven.
, which in all honesty, was a relief sometimes.  A lot of the times.  Tonight especially.  Tonight, he could just let go, he didn’t need to worry about what he would say and how it would affect the tabloids the next morning.  He didn’t have stocks or the Avengers in the back of his mind, no. Tonight, he was just Tony.
be Tony Stark sometimes.  Chat with random people, reply to random people on random things without everyone freaking out about Tony Stark.
No, instead he donned his overly expensive shades and swung the limo door open.  Before he could even make some witty remark to the rest of his team, he was blinded and ambushed by photographers and reporters alike.
Mind still pondering how someone, no less a genius, could lose their pants at some party, Steve unlocked his dorm room, walking in at exactly 10:07 AM.
, so wrecked and it wasn’t fair, it wasn’t because Steve deserved life more than he did, really honestly and truly because Steve was someone who fought for the good of America and Tony, Tony nearly destroyed America, didn’t he?  He’d almost destroyed America and New York and the Avengers and Pepper, oh god Pepper and Rhodey and Steve,
Tony burrowed into the other man, who was nothing but pure, hard muscle, yet somehow soft and comforting.  Or maybe it was just because it was Steve, and Steve was here, with him, and fuck if that didn’t make his heart do funny, funny things.
Clint rolled his eyes, and Steve huffed.  Smirking, however, Clint typed away, filling in the small bio that Twitter allowed.
Before things could escalate, Tony dragged himself off the couch and wobbled towards the elevator.  Clint gave him an odd look, but didn’t call after him.  It was Steve, however, who did
Steve pointed bluntly at the picture frames.  “On your desk.  I mean, were you really that close?  I just thought–”
So when Clint showed him his fake Twitter account, in which he posed as an Avengers fangirl and got into “nerd fights,” as Clint called them, with other people (who were also probably using fake accounts, Steve figured), he could see why being a completely different person online could be really amusing.
It didn’t matter, though.  It really didn’t.  Being a billionaire meant you could do whatever the fuck you wanted.  Right?
Steve scowled at Tony, but only for a minute until he turned his attention back to Fury.  Fury, who had a snarky smirk growing across his lips.
Like when they went out for Thai food and Tony would make some stupid joke that wasn’t funny, not at all, and Steve would burst out laughing anyway, his eyes scrunching up as his whole body shook with the beautiful, beautiful sound.
But, because Tony was Tony, he’d made a fake online persona and had Jarvis direct all of Pepper’s emails to said persona, and all emails, messages, and so on were sent from the same persona.
So what if nobody would ever actually understand Tony Stark?  So what?  Did he really want people to?  What good would that even do?  It was ridiculous, the whole thing was ridiculous, his
Tony’s breathes began to even out, and he could make out his surroundings now, he could feel Natasha’s petit hand rubbing small circles into his back, could hear her soft, soothing words without them being obscured by the chaos in his head.  Eventually he was able to detach himself from her, refusing to meet her eyes.
Natasha turns to him.  “I’m sure he suspects.  He is a genius, as much as it doesn’t show sometimes.
He could hear the people of the village shrieking, could hear Aunt May, Peter, Mary Jane.  As he rode through he scanned the area, but he saw no flames, no signs of injury, heard no cries for help other than the blatant shrieks of terror.
With that, Tony scrambled off the ground, and most certainly did not run for the elevator, leaving a somewhat befuddled room of teammates in his wake.
Tony didn’t know when the tears had started, but soon they weren’t kissing so much as Steve pressing his soft, gentle lips atop Tony’s forehead, shushing him, whispering sweet nothings that Tony was okay, that Steve was here, that everything was going to be alright, somehow, some way.
He could’ve said what would it matter, if he’d lost his life in battle?  What would it have mattered, really?
He was the reason Tony was a mess, he was the reason Tony had been in the weapons making business anyway, he was the reason Tony became the Merchant of Death, and he was the reason Tony became Iron Man, really.
Tony’s head snapped up, almost glaring at Steve.  He winced at the ferocity of it.  “Perhaps I shouldn’t have, but I’m not sorry I did.  She was your mom, and now I know, but I didn’t know at the time.  No matter...what we were, she still meant so much to me.  I was briefed on what had happened to her, on her legacy with SHIELD, but I didn’t know anything about her personal life.  I’m happy that she had you.”
Once dressed and outside their shack of a house, Steve was greeted by Epona, his horse.  She trotted up to him, nuzzling into his face.
Slumping his still tender shoulders, Tony succumbed and allowed the man into the room.  He didn’t meet Steve’s eyes, however, deciding instead to focus on the schematics he was throwing together for the new Mark.
It’s been four months, four months since the Incident that Steve refuses to call a war, because Steve’s been to war, lived through war, and this...this was not war.  Not what war should be.
So instead, he goes to India.  Sam comes with him, but Wanda stays back in Wakanda.  Steve had gotten a tip about a neuroscientist that works with some odd, nearly forgotten form of hypnosis.
“Of course, Mon Capitaine, why wouldn’t I be?  Just uh, felt a little dizzy that’s all.  It’s normal.  Normal people get dizzy.  So.  Yeah.”
Natasha nods, her own drink untouched before her.  “I’ll be there when it opens, to make another statement--”
This wasn’t him writing a note in choppy, tear stained writing as he confessed his sorrows for his parents to mourn over; parents who would forever think that they didn’t do enough and they didn’t care enough and fuck it if it was true because they were dead now and this isn’t how this story goes because real life isn’t glorious, real life doesn’t have your classmates crying over your casket, sobbing about how they didn’t know and they should’ve been a better friend and they could’ve helped but it doesn’t matter because they didn’t and they only care when you’re dead because they’re now the one in pain and you’re not there to witness it anyway because you’re fucking six feet under with a bullet in your head because you couldn’t keep it together, not for her not for him not for them because you’re a fucking coward and Tony, he’s always been a coward, hiding behind a bottle of gin or a girl around his neck or a gun at his side or a metal mask across his face because he can’t face himself, can’t look into the mirror and see what he’s become because he’s a fucking coward and he couldn’t even keep it together.
Finally, Tony spun around, and nearly flinched when he did so.  The man looked….almost ragged, too much so for a man who really, hadn’t done anything wrong.  He didn’t know about Tony’s “Daddy Issues”, because Tony didn’t bring it up.  Not intentionally.  But there was no real reason for Steve to beat himself up over it.
“Tony, c’mon it’s okay I’m right here, you don’t need to be sorry Tony it’s okay, I’m fine, just please...please…”
He even missed the things he once found annoying about Tony.  He found himself missing the jokes that used to set him off, whether it be about his age, or years under the ice, or anything else.  The time apart made Steve more aware of how the jokes were just a part of Tony.  He didn’t mean any real harm, that was just how Tony Stark
Natasha shrugged.  “Well I assume that option went out the window when you went into a jealous hissy fit, didn’t it?”
She frowned slightly.  “Not much, except for her contributions to SHIELD.  Why?  Did Fury not brief you?”
And it’s not like he cared anymore, at this point.  Too tired, too worn down, too fucking over it to care about anyone seeing him wander into a brothel.
A hand reached up for him, fingers skimming across the side of Tony’s jaw, and he released a breath he didn't know he was holding on to.
As he made a shaky landing, he tried not to dwell on what Steve would think of him once he found out.
And Tony, Tony didn’t want to deal with this right now. Steve was still looking at him like he was some adorable puppy and Tony, Tony didn’t need that shit.  Not now, not ever.  But especially not now.
Steve chuckled slightly at that, digging his phone out of his pocket.  “I don’t see him, I should tell him I’m here.”
“It’s good to see you again, Mr Stark,” Garner said, shutting the door as he settled himself into the firm leather armchair facing Tony’s desk.  “How have you been doing?”
Tony could’ve said a lot of things, really.  He could’ve said how it wasn’t the team’s plan, it was Steve's plan; he could’ve said how he’d warned them from the beginning what they were getting into, with him on the team.
Tony cut himself off, because Steve was laughing; a loud, wild, mad cackle, his head thrown back, chest shaking.  Tony narrowed his eyes.
This time, Tony couldn’t hold back an eye roll.  “I have daddy issues so far up the fucking wall that I’ve been propositioned by MTV to have a show made about it.  I drink just as much as the tabloids say I do, and probably more.  I’ll sleep with anyone with a pulse, as shown by my stunt in 2004.  I’m narcissistic, I don’t play well with others, and I still don’t think I’m qualified to be an Avenger.
There was before MIT.  Then there was MIT.  Then there was before Afghanistan.  Then there was after Afghanistan.
So Tony talked.  And it shocked him, how free and willing the words fell from his mouth.  People, therapist or not, usually had to pry the truth from him.  But maybe he really was changing, realizing how tiring it was to dodge every question, to circumvent the truth.
“Not now, JARVIS,” Tony grunted, eyes clenching as the train continued to weigh down on him.  He was almost there, almost there, almost-
“From Loki?   Who else would it have been?” The man stood up, still grinning as he began to pace around Steve’s spot on the ground.  “I have to say, you had me worried there, for a minute.  A boy of your size, supposedly the Hero of Time?  The Hero of Legend?  I’m glad that sword did what it did, or else I’d be afraid that you wouldn’t be able to swing a sword properly.”
Tony sighed, turning his head to the side.  Where the fuck did this guy get off?  “Well it’s not the only reason,” he muttered.
After having been thawed out for only a few months now, it came as a bit of a surprise to the Avengers that he’d managed to grasp the concept of most modern tech rather quickly.  Tony had asked him about this once, at which Steve replied:
Or, well, not Tony, for his face was hidden underneath a mask, a mask with a crudely drawn face upon it that most definitely wasn’t his.  Really, it wasn’t.
When he got off to switch lines at Park Street, he made his way up to the actual city to grab a coffee (an iced in the middle of winter, in that Bostonian spirit of course) and a donut.
But about the headlines, about how they somehow (probably assumed, really), found out that it was Tony who knocked Stone out cold?  No, he couldn’t give a damn flying fuck about that.  He was over it, he was so
He’d given himself a day to cool off, because right after Tony had walked out on him, he was mad.  Maybe a bit irrationally, but how could he not be a bit enraged?  He was trying to talk to Tony, because Tony didn’t own a claim on Peggy, and he was just trying to figure out what exactly their relationship had been like, why Tony and Peggy had been so close to warrant all those pictures.
Huh, well apparently he’d shut off his phone sometime during the night.  Probably smart, or ungodly stupid.  Not like he cared.
In retrospect, Steve should’ve stopped to consider what exactly that interaction meant, because really, it was odd.  But at that moment, he was so concerned with getting the
But on that train, he wasn’t Tony Stark.  He wasn’t, he really wasn’t.  If people didn’t recognize him, then really, he could just be Tony.  Right?
Clint, then he would blame Natasha.  Unless said assassin was in the room, then Clint would probably refuse to say anything at all.
was ridiculous.  Or well, maybe it wasn’t, maybe just Tony was terribly, terribly, ridiculous.  No, that didn’t even cover it.  Shitty, yeah.  A horrible menace to society, getting closer.
There were things like cell phones, televisions, computers, iPods, social media–all those things were fine.  Simple.  Easy.  Those things had instruction manuals, could be explained, could be taught.
Steve gave off a long sigh, running his hands through his blond locks.  “Yes, Tony it does matter.  Believe it or not, your life does matter.”
And sure, he was a bit jealous, of course he was.  Even once he was calm, once he realized he’d hurt Tony, the burning ache of jealousy was still lingering in the back of his mind.  Because even if he and Peggy didn’t work out, she was still one hell of a woman, and he wanted to work alongside her.  Perhaps he would’ve been by her side when SHIELD formed, when they finished destroying the last of the Hydra camps.  He would’ve liked that, he really would’ve.
Tony Stark on the MBTA.  Now that would be a feast for the media.  Between the sunglasses and scarf, he felt he was well enough disguised, despite the crowd of people.
And Steve stayed silent through the whole thing, with shaking fists and tears rimming his eyes.  And, fuck, Tony would feel so guilty afterwards, guilty about the destroyed punching bags and knowing that yes, Steve left for a run 3 hours ago, and he’s not coming back for at least another hour.
Maria glared at the both of them, but Steve didn’t let it phase him.  “Agent Hill, I need to speak to Director Fury.”
But he couldn’t, oh goddesses, his body weighed too much and he was too weak, oh so weak, always so weak--
Steve’s phone buzzed.  He checked it.  Looked at Tony.  Blinked.  Looked back at his phone.  Looked at Tony.
At this, he stiffened slightly.  He should’ve gotten an emergency call if they needed him for something in New York, and he had left his suitcase suit in the car, so…
And because he was Tony Fucking Stark, he did the first logical thing he could think of, which was to jump out the goddamn window.
, Brucie, I just need you to take care of his friend.  I can’t protect him at the castle, there’s too many--”
.  He didn’t really have an opinion either way.  He’d gone to a few once he’d buffed up and made varsity football, but he didn’t really understand all the hype that led up to one.  So once Bucky announced that the whole floor was throwing a rager the weekend he was supposed to visit back home, he didn’t feel the need to change his plans.
He managed to find a cab, ignoring how the driver was more concerned with the fact that he was being directed towards Stark Tower than the shape Tony was in.  Another night, another year, another lifetime, he would’ve flashed the man a brilliant smile and offered up an
Sputtering slightly, he pushed himself against Steve’s torso, unraveling himself from the man, as much as he was reluctant to do so.  He could feel Steve’s blue, blue eyes on him but he couldn’t look, not at all, it was too.
She sighed, eventually looking up and into him.  “They taught me that love is a weakness.  That love clouds your senses and makes you foggy, makes you lose track of the mission.  Because that’s all it was really about, anyway.  It was always about the mission.”
It was amazing, really.  Tony Stark could fly, time he felt the most free, the most unbound, was when he was an eager college freshman.
When he reached the quinjet where Natasha was waiting for him she said nothing, her only acknowledgement being a raised brow.  At his face however, she clasped his shoulder with a upward quirk of her lips, and they clambered into the jet together.
Tony blinked.  And blinked again, just to promptly roll over onto his side to vomit out copious amounts of horribly disgusting salty water.
It started innocently enough, when Tony had, surprisingly, cooked for them, and lasagna of all things.
It was one he’d frequented before--before Afghanistan anyway.  Of course, he was Tony Stark and he could have any man or woman he wished (within reason, probably), but sometimes he didn’t want to be Tony Stark.  Sometimes, he just wanted to be Tony.
Boston was like New York, in that way that most sprawling urban cities are similar, but it was it’s own city in so many ways.  A lot of times he felt most people who lived in New York felt obligated to live there, whether it be because of work, or seeking work.  But in Boston, he really felt like most people wanted to be there.  And it was nice.  Really, it was.
Tony’s face fell, and Steve rushed to continue.  “But, I would like to move forward from here.  With you.”
Her eyes narrowed, but his groggy brain could’ve swore he saw a flicker of a smirk on her lips. “If you weren’t a mess right now, I’d slap that goatee right off your face.”
So JARVIS played the movie.  And it was pretty cute, Tony had to admit.  He found himself smiling throughout it (well, the happy parts anyway), with the robots and the eccentric characters.  It wasn’t until the end of the movie, where they jumped into the teleportation machine, that it all went to shit.
“You’re hungover.”  It wasn’t a question, more of an obvious statement that made Tony roll his eyes.
She sighed, reaching out to take the stack of papers from him.  Her lips were pulled tight, but her eyes were dancing.  He loved that she could do that, look scary yet perfectly suave all at once.  A frightening power, really.
and oh god, oh god he was going to die right here right now in the middle of this damn cave in the middle of fucking Afghanistan of all places, taken out first by his own missiles, and now by the people who were trying to get his missiles and whatever else they wanted from him but none of that mattered because he was going to die right here and maybe that wouldn’t be so bad, maybe it wouldn’t be so -
A gentle hand falls onto his shoulder, and he sighs into it.  “I know, Steve, but you need to give him time.”
Two months and two weeks after Tony woke up from a coma, Steve got assigned to a SHIELD mission.  Radio silence, in the fucking Amazon.
“Nope,” Bucky replied, not looking away from the screen.  As he rolled his eyes, Steve was about to throw them into his hamper, when he felt a lump in one of the pockets.  Reaching in, he pulled out a wallet, a phone, and a key, complete with an MIT keychain.
Steve awoke with a strangled gasp, immediately jerking upright.  His breath was labored, his entire body sore from...from…
Steve bit back a groan, sighing instead.  “You wouldn’t talk to me!  I’ve been trying to talk to you all week, but you’ve been blocking me out.”
Steve raised an eyebrow, and Clint swallowed, tapping at the screen.  “Uh do y’wanna put your sexuality on there?  Just so you don’t get random men knocking at your door, I mean-”
“There was no call, Clint,” Tony muttered, his voice rough in his ears as he began to lift himself off the ground and onto his feet.  Glancing around, he saw that no one was at the desk, and thank god that Clint woke up early today, to go out and do super duper secret spy shit or whatever.
The way he says it is almost patronizing, but Steve knows that it’s not.  He’s just...trying to help.
He remembers seeing the name light up the New York sky for the first time.  Remembers thinking the building was ugly, obtrusive, unnecessary.  But that was before...before everything.
“Well, not to worry Cap, I managed to defeat the thing anyway right?  Right.  And the thing with the suit, it was like, 30 seconds, tops.”  Steve was still staring at him, and fuck, Tony couldn’t meet the man’s eyes, not after nearly drowning.  Any other day he could fake any expression that one could possibly conjure up, but his guard was down and god, he was so tired, his muscles sore and aching.  “Uh.  Okay.  Well, if you’ll excuse me I’ll be on my way, I’ve had enough of of public vomiting for one day.  Jesus.”
But when Tony could clear his head enough to realize what exactly they were saying, cold blood ran thick through his veins, sending him stiff.
She doesn’t know how she’s supposed to start this, how to bring this up, so she just comes out with it.  “Tony, twenty-two years ago, your father and I had a one night stand.”
Three days later Tony was released, with a prescription for an antidepressant and visits with Dr Garner already booked into his calendar by Pepper.  All the Avengers were there, Pepper Rhodey and Coulson included, but it was Steve who helped him out of bed and down the hall (despite his constant insisting that he didn’t need help, but, fuck, it was an excuse to lean against Steve and he was still too tired to care, or worry about the implications of what this whole thing meant).
Natasha sat herself beside him, giving him a look that Tony couldn’t decipher, and he was slightly afraid to find out.  She wouldn’t let up, however, even when Bruce cut in between them to serve.  He rolled his eyes. “What?”
“I think both of us know that the Tony Stark in the tabloids is much different from Tony Stark, the person.”
“Yeah, and little good that did, because even when I tried to be you, all my dad could do was pester me about how much
Tony threw his head back, a rich laughter erupting from his mouth.  “Right, and I’m a fucking dodongo.”
Steve opened his mouth, and closed it again.  He still felt as if he had so much more to say, but when he tried to translate his racing mind and raging heart into words, he found himself at a loss.
Okay, maybe he was jealous before, but after having a week to think it over, he could see how irrational he’d been acting.
as he blew past her.  He managed to catch Tony before the man made it to the Helicarrier bay where he had left his suit.
“No, really, I’m not, honestly, I love sleeping in whiskey soaked rice.  It’s like a Tuesday night tradition.”
Rhodey was there, too, but he looked to damn shocked to move from his post at the door, let alone speak.
Because what was he supposed to say?  What answer was Steve actually looking for?  It was too much of a question, one that hit him like a bullet and lodged itself deep within his gut.
He sighed, wrapping his arms tighter around Tony.  “I...I thought you were better.  I thought we were fixing this, I thought I…”
A loud, shrill beeping, followed by a red blinking ‘1%’ filled his senses.  He could feel it, the suit caving in on him, the bruises forming across his skin, the cracking of ribs.
,” she smirked, and Steve rolled his eyes.  “But if you’re looking for information on Peggy, you’re asking the wrong person.”
“When you do,” Tony stated, just before Steve grabbed the thing, “look at your hand as you hold it.”
Bucky was right.  Aunt May (not Bucky nor Steve’s actual aunt, but she refused to be called Mrs Parker), was a sweet, older lady, but her glares were essentially daggers to the heart, and made you feel twice as worse than if you’d actually been stabbed.  She was not a women you wanted to double cross.
“Let you explain?” He turned on a heel, meeting Steve’s gaze with impassive eyes and a raised brow.  “I don’t know what there is to say.  You went searching for information on Peggy and found a redacted file, but when that wasn’t enough for you, you were going to try and rip the information from Fury himself, no?  But now you know, and there’s nothing else to say.”
“Natasha she...she left me a message, I was able to listen to it on the way back and, God, Tony, I thought...I thought…”
But of course, the next morning Steve had to go ruin it all by sending the guy a seemingly harmless question.
It was easy to think that he was getting better, when Steve was there.  Steve was….Steve was something else.  He was too good to Tony, too kind and understanding.  Perhaps more than Tony deserved, considering the way Tony treated him.
Neither of them say anything on the ride down the highway and into New York, just a stiff, sad silence that cloaks over the two of them.
Tony didn’t turn towards the door, but from the sound of Steve’s steps, he wasn’t here to deliver cookies and warm milk.
uttered from his mouth, because, fuck, Bucky had been taken, Steve had found some magic sword in the middle of the freaking woods and now he was all...
They’d been living together for months at that point, and movie night just sort of became a thing.  It’d started with Tony, who didn’t sleep, followed by Steve, who didn’t
Before they could do so, however, the thing had swung at one of the bridges, just as a train was approaching the now giant hole in the tracks.
Because it wasn’t sweet or cute or romantic and Tony most certainly didn’t want to kiss the man, deeply and sweetly just to get a taste of that beautiful voice and--
“Is it not enough?  Am I not enough for you?”  Steve’s voice was strained, aching, and it made Tony’s insides squirm.
Clint barked out a laugh, rolling his eyes as he reached in to grab a package of Pop Tarts.  “Don’t you need to go off and think of some more bird jokes?”
Steve’s mind drifts back to Tony, because of course it does, because what else would he think about, here in T’Challa’s palace of sorts, a place way too familiar to Stark Tower with all it’s sleek technology and modern, open floorplans.
you were than me.  Captain fucking America!  The big brother I never had, and could never live up to!  Imagine that, being compared to a fucking adult your whole childhood, and anything less?  Failure.  And I was less to him, believe me.  I was a
with his petty self destruction, and the way he clung to Steve, as if he was the one in pain, not the other way around.  Tony himself had tortured Steve with his bullshit and oh god, the realization clawed at him, wracking him to the core as he felt his skin shaking and his breath heaving, because it wasn’t
“--because I’m asking you, why is that even on the goddamn server?  I don’t care if it’s redacted, if shouldn’t be there in the first place, if it can be hacked into so easily.  I swear, your security is so flawed it’s a fucking miracle an NYU freshman hopped up on too much Redbull hasn’t gotten access to all of your dirty little secrets.  I could’ve hacked it when I was still drinking my milk out of a goddamn sippy cup, I swear I--”
“Yes.  She was…she was going to be my girl, Tony, and I wanted that time with her, I wanted to be with her like that…right after she kissed me for the first time I jumped right into the Valkyrie, and I never got–I never got to be with her.  I never got to be her partner.  And it just seems that you keep shoving that in my face.”
Peggy doesn’t know what she would have done with a child like that.  She prays that Howard knows what he was doing, and that he knows how to treat the child well.
They would play dumb games, too.  Sit outside Newbury Comics and people watch.  Rhodey got a point for each tourist, and Tony one for each college student (but Faneuil Hall was a breeding ground for tourists, so he got bonus points if he could spot an obvious freshman).
“Not that often we get such a handsome man like you wandering into here,” he murmured, taking in the sight of Tony (who was extremely glad for his dark clothing and undershirt, masking the glow of the arc reactor).  “Such a pleasure….won’t you join me?”
“--sack of shit, the bastard, had to go and ruin everything.  After years and years, I’d finally managed to create a shield strong enough to repel Loki’s magic, but the fucker had to go take the damned thing for himself, and I’m just a--”
So Tony ran to him, ripping the guitar from his hands, stealing the smooth, silky lyrics right from the mans lips with his own and he was kissing him, he was kissing Steve, they were kissing, pure and simple.
and Tony’s hard on had vanquished because remembering what went down nine years ago was just too much and-
Unless you want to count that goddamn movie.  Then, it started with the movie.  Tony doesn’t like to count that, but JARVIS does, so under all pretences, it started with the movie.  Tony’s just not very happy about it.
At that, Howard’s jaw clamps shut as he stares at the ground.  Peggy almost regrets bringing up Maria’s infertility, but she knows she had to.  She knows that somehow, this is the right thing to do.
.  What did it matter if he drank too much and had too much sex and punched his fucking ex friend across his stupid mug, he didn’t care.  He didn’t.  He was Tony fucking Stark, why should he care.
“Tony, I think we both know how you feel about me, and well….I feel the same way about you, I really do.  And I thought you knew, I mean, but…is this okay?”
“Hey Steve!” Clint greeted, nearly crushing Bucky as he flopped onto the bed, with Bucky letting out a very indignant squack.  “You ready for tonight?”
Tony chucked, striding closer to him, his leather boots padding along the marble floors.  “Go pick up the sword, Steve.”  He pointed towards a clothed table on the other side of...what Steve now supposed was someone’s bedroom, judging by the immaculate bed towards the other side of the table that he’d failed to notice in his earlier shock.
Once on his floor, the two of them made their way towards the bedroom, Tony shucking off his shoes as he went.  With a soft groan, he slid into his bed, curling the blankets around himself.
“How are you doing?” Bruce asked him one day.  It wasn’t the first time someone had asked him that in the recent weeks, of course, but this was just him and Bruce, both of them coming up from their labs for a 5 AM coffee (well, tea for Bruce), curled around their respective cups.  And Bruce had this goddamn earnest look in his eyes, one that could rival the likes of Steve.
But no, this wasn’t right.  This was his fucking life, and it didn’t work like that.  A bit of affection didn’t wipe away years and years of pain, it just fucking didn’t.
Once the stepped out onto the floor, the others turned towards him and Steve, varying degrees of shock and worry and, fuck,
Moving past Natasha, he nearly runs down the hallway to his room, thoughts rushing through him at a dizzying pace.
“A date,” Tony stated, stepping even closer to him now, one finger digging into his chest.  “You, me, good food, good times.”
“Can we pretend that, uh, never happened?  ‘Cause I mean I could probably invent that memory erasing shit from Men In Black but it’d probably take awhile and I just-”
Steve smiled down at him, but it was a small, frail thing.  He threw off his shoes and climbed into the bed with Tony, breath becoming more relaxed as he did so.
“Tony?” Steve’s voice was a sickly combination of worry, curiosity and disapproval that made Tony’s already churning stomach clench.
So at 2:34 in the morning, when Tony was jolted awake to find himself on the floor of his lab, drenched in cold sweat and
At the time of Pre Afghanistan, he probably would’ve told himself that those days were better than his MIT days.  Obviously better than his Pre MIT days.  Obviously.
He paused at the door way, looking back over his shoulder at Steve.  “You coming or not?  Without that shield, you don’t stand a chance, even with those gorgeous arms.”
“Tony, it’s fine.  I’m sure the rest of the Avengers remembered, because I’m sure they check their emails and put reminders in their phones, just...just show up, okay Tony?”
At that, Tony laughed.  A sharp, bitter laugh that bounced off the walls of his workshop.  Dummy whirred, abandoning his charging station to come greet him.  “Yeah, right, JARVIS.  Me.  A panic attack.  You feeling okay?”
A voice, almost familiar to his buzzing, clogged ears was scratching at the back of his head, reaching for him, sending a shock down -
With unnecessary force, Tony placed his mug onto his desk.  He inched towards Steve, eyes narrowing.  “Keep doing what, Cap?  Saving the world, being a hero?  Sorry it’s such an
Even so, he’d debated answering, but decided to solely based on the fact that the last thing he wanted to deal with when he got back to New York was Steve’s disapproving gaze.
In Tony’s defense, he lasted longer than he expected.  He thought the bar scene might get him, but he’d been fine throughout that.  It was the therapy scene that got him, that first really intense one and it kind of caught him off guard, and his hands went clammy and his vision narrowed and
They stayed like that for some time, sitting on the cool floor of the workshop, nothing but the quiet sound of their even breathing.
Again, Tony sighed.  Steve didn’t sound annoyed, not really.  Verging on frustrated maybe, but not annoyed.  Tired, he sounded tired, and Tony couldn't figure out why.  Sure, he was in Boston, who fucking cared?  And so what if he didn’t tell anyone, he didn’t need a babysitter; he was a full grown man and didn’t need to check in whenever he was leaving.
Bruce just blinked, but he didn’t put the phone down.  Huh, well that worked better on Dummy, apparently.  Oh, and why the phone, did they forget about JARVIS?
So, by the end of the week the Avengers each had their own floor of the tower, complete with a common area for
Tony shrugged (as if he could shrug off something so life or death from someone like Steve) and took a swig of his brew.
Oh.  Oh Lord.  He was singing, he was singing right to Tony and everyone was staring at him and oh Jesus Christ it was not cute nor adorable nor romantic because Tony Stark was
Unfortunately, however, he hadn’t driven himself.  So here he was, outside his own fucking gala in the middle of New York, in his finest Armani.  Not exactly inconspicuous.
He had worried before, of course.  He’d tried to find Tony, to ask him what exactly he’d said that was wrong, and what he could do to make it right.  He still considered Tony to be his friend, and he cared for the other man.  He didn't want them to be back at square one, when their bickering was more than petty arguing for the sake of arguing, back when they tried to hit each other’s pressure points, and their words contained true malice.
He’d tried once to enter the lab, one day after their conversation, but when he’d found his normal access codes denied he didn’t try to override it, and didn’t try again later.  Taking Tony’s earlier advice of giving the man space was probably the best idea.  But he couldn’t help himself from trying, just once.
At that, Steve is left speechless.  He thinks back to the day that Tony had wordlessly returned his shield, and how much of a shock it had been.  That day, though, Steve had been expecting what the gift was when Natasha told him that Tony had something for him.  This?  This was nothing but a mystery.
“Really?”  Garner raised an eyebrow at him, a soft smile still playing at his lips.  “Because to me, you’re an open book.  You’re restless not only because you’ve failed to take your own life, but because you have to deal with the guilt that comes with that, interacting with the people who think you’d be willing to leave them behind, and those kinds of conversations are what led you here in the first place.”
Tony gulped.  He knew this was going to happen, really.  He was in too deep and that, that itself was never supposed to happen.
Maybe Tony had always pictured Steve’s blue, blue eyes when they talked, which honestly made Nick’s look dull in washed out.  Maybe.
His head was pounding, his frail body shaking, his knuckles white from the grip he had on his reigns.  His horse was pounding hard, through the village and into the woods.  He rode harder, faster, never losing sight on his target.  He couldn’t even think about what he’d do when (not if, never if) he caught up to the man.  He just knew he had to do something, he had to
Every day, it seemed, Steve would go up to Tony and profess his love, about all the little things Tony does, how he mutters to himself when he’s too tired but still refuses to sleep, how he constantly builds and upgrades weaponry for all his teammates, how he has such passion when he’s working, whatever it is he happens to be working on.
“Yeah….yeah of course I will,” he breathed, digging into his wallet, reaching for a handful of cash to shove into his hand.  Quickly, he dragged the man up the stairs, to the left, and into the closest bedroom he could find.  He’d barely slammed the door closed when his lips were met with another pair, full of heat and lust and nothing close to passion, and he was thankful for it, oh so thankful.  It was a breath of fresh air, a drink of ice cold water on one of Malibu’s cruelest summer days.  It was hungry and desperate, but maybe that was just Tony because he could feel himself moaning as he rutted against the man, the stranger, the prostitute, and there was nothing but the slow hum of his arc reactor in his chest and he was thankful for it, he really was.
to help you, I really did but what was I supposed to do?  I don’t--I don’t know how to deal with this.”
It was Pepper, eyeing him from across the limo, eyebrow raised.  Her eyes were soft however, fluttering with something like worry and Tony, Tony just sighed.
And perhaps that was a mistake on her part–she knew Howard, knew him as one friend knew another friend, but how could she have known who the man was behind closed doors?
Well, to be fair he didn’t, but he didn’t want a refund because frankly, he missed New York, and he missed his Ma.  It was only his freshman year, and Boston definitely wasn’t Brooklyn.  Sure, it had all the anger and madness of a big city, the packed streets and bustling sidewalks, but it just wasn’t the same.
She stared at him for what felt like hours, her expression unreadable.  Eventually, however, she straightened up, and Steve could’ve swore he saw the hint of a smirk run across her face.  “No, I suppose not.”  She nodded at them once and walked off, leaving her post in front of Fury’s door.
The others looks were a mix of bored, nervous, twitchy, and overly excited.  Well, honestly Thor was the only one who looked happy to be there, his usual blinding grin on full display.  Natasha was glaring out the tinted window, with Clint attempting to play footsies with her (Tony swore the man had a death wish), and Bruce, well, Tony told Bruce that he really didn’t need to come, but he insisted.  Tony knew he was holding up much better recently, especially with all the shit going on (the ‘shit’ being their fucking lives), but still.
Again, the bluntness of the whole thing caught Tony off guard.  Because yes, his other therapists had talked about touchy feely issues, but they never came out directly and said it.  That he was abused by his father, and when he was older, that he had a drinking problem.
It was a stretch, a thin, thin stretch, but if whoever this man was could potentially help Bucky, then Steve had to try.
At that, Steve pursed his lips, let go of Tony, and turned away, leaving the engineer sputtering from his stop against the wall.
Steve just glared.  “You could’ve called Thor for help!  Why in God’s name did you turn your comms off?”
, the fuck are you doing?  You’re in the fucking lobby and--shit, is their blood on the floor?  Tony, what the fuck happened?  Tony,
At least at his office, he could pretend it was just another meeting.  He hated them both just the same.
"I know it's been five years your time, but it's not fair to me. Or Sam." The look in his eyes hardens slightly as tears slip silently from the corners.
Tony sighs, and wrings his hands together nervously. "I want you to stay. I love you, Peter, even if you want to.. keep things from me." Peter looks away guiltily. "I just need to know you're not in any trouble."
Steve nods, standing up. "Would you like me to mix up a batch of strawberry frosting?" He shouldn't. He should box up the cakes and send Tony on his way. That was the smart thing to do.
Well the skull does indeed lead them to the stone, or at least to a big ass cliff. "What you seek lays in front of you... as does what you fear." The skull declares to them, standing near the edge of the massive cliff.
Tony swallows the rest of the come down, savoring the aftertaste that would stay for a couple minutes. "I love you too." They bask in a few minutes of glorious afterglow, both quite comfortable to sit together for a moment and recover. Tony plays absentmindedly with the buttons on Steve's shirt, his head rested on Steve's warm shoulder.
"Nice party trick, how about you step into the light," Tony shouts back over the wind, not lowering his repulser at all.
He goes back to playing and Nat sets the circuit on the arm rest, propping her head on her hand. "Are you okay, Steve? I'm sure that this is... hard for you."
After a fair amount of planning, Steve walks into Tony's penthouse—cake in hand—to find Tony sitting on the couch stark naked, surrounded by red and gold balloons and streamers that Steve had spent a lot of time on. "Tony what are you doing," Steve asks, averting his eyes. "I seem to recall you saying you wouldn't be back until 8."
So the gang settles down around the TV, and the AI (which Steve was still getting used to) turns down the lights and cues up Bill and Teds Excellent Adventure, which certainly qualifies as a shitty old movie.
Steve leans down to kiss him gently through his bruised lip. "I love you. So much. You're more than I could ever ask for." Tony smiles against his lips. "Seriously."
"Don't be stupid! You've always sacrificed yourself Tony! I should return the favor. Please.. I can't live another day without you." He's still crying.
"Ding ding ding, we have a winner," Steve says, kissing his shoulder gently through the layers of the suit. Out of the corner of his eyes he sees Becca picking her way towards them. "Speaking of homophobes... just.. don't punch her."
"I'm good. Just.. throw it all out," he says, waving his hand at the cereal as he plops onto one of the bar stools.
She takes a long swing from the bottle. "That's a long time. We could try to find where they have him in cryo?"
Everyone else moved on, but he never could. Peggy moved on. Tony moved on. Bucky moved on. Steve was hanging onto the past, and even now that he was here he couldn't shake the feeling that he was missing something.
She looks up at him. "Oh, Steve! It's so good to see you. Can you please tell him to let me speak to my brother?" She jerks her thumb towards Pietro who was standing in front of the door, his fists clenched.
"Five minutes out," Wanda says with a smile. "You have to see Pepper's dress, it's so amazing. It looks like a cloud."
Steve waves his hand through the air. "You worked your share for the day Sam. Besides you're not scheduled again until Monday, enjoy the break bud." Truth be told, Steve just didn't particularly want anyone else to know that he was ridiculously infatuated with an engaged man, and all his employees could see right through him. It would be easier to just do it alone, even if that meant no back up.
"Even without using the mind stone, I'm good in a fight, even if I'm a hair winded, Rogers. I'm not staying out of this just because you say so."
Howard opens the other door, and Steve steps out of his and into hers, picking her up off the floor. The last time he had had to carry her, she had been inches from death on a mission gone far too wrong. Fury had sent him in to extract her and Clint; Clint has been conscious enough to walk, but in no state to carry his partner, bleeding out on the prison floor by the time Steve arrived. If he had arrived minutes later, she would've been dead, no matter how much Clint mustered himself to do. The situation had made so much more sense after the fall of SHEILD; the two of them had been sent directly into an ambush where they had been pushed to the brink of death and locked in a cage not unlike animals. Steve had only been sent to check if they were okay because Fury was a paranoid bastard and expected nothing less than constant updates. He couldn't complain much though, Clint and Nat were alive today because of it.
Steve nods shakily. "You know if it never happens, you're enough for me. You've always been enough."
"Well, Barnes is a sweetheart, so I completely understand why you... ehem, anyway. He still needs a lot of... mental work. He's got these trigger words, according to him, that will turn him back into the Winter Soldier at a moments notice. I'm thinking we call in Dr. Hellen Cho. This is out of my area, and Bruce is not that kind of doctor as he keeps telling me." Tony pauses there, as if Steve could possibly have any input he hasn't already taken into account, and he's not sure of his plan.
Tony cuts in before they can come to blows once more. "Yippee, how about you take us up now, jackass." The red skull fixes him with a look and turns back around climbing up towards the peak. Tony lowers his gauntlet, looking over at Steve, who has a massively pissed off (and upset) look on his face. Steve looks back over at him, then sighs and follows after the red skull. Tony follows as well, not particularly loving the idea of being left behind, even in his suit.
"Good girl," Tony says pointing at her. She preens under the praise. Good. He liked to make kids feel good about themselves. "Alright, who wants to take the fast track home with me? Rhetorical question, just get on the jet."
It's Nat who's standing next to Steve when they finally all get up to the front of the church, Sam and Bucky standing in the middle, gazing into each others eyes. Sam was wearing lavender, and Bucky was wearing white, and the balloons cast the perfect shadows over the whole crowd as the sun continued to set. They kiss and everyone cheers, and Steve wouldn't admit to crying a little even in front of a court.
"Actually, that was the last time." She moves up next to him, pulling a tablet up to show him a figure of his own body. "Unfortunately, we had to remove your arm because it was.. well, not pretty. Due to your heart condition, and your reduced lung capacity, as well as your ever rising age." Tony has half the mind to be offended. "I must advise you to be permanently removed from the Avengers Active Roster. You can rest now, sir."
Then Howard and Mr. Jarvis burst in through the doors, a flurry of motion and energy. They're both laden with bags and bags of baby clothes or something. "Sweetheart, we're going to go unpack all this, do you want to lay down?" Howard asks, shifting all his bags to one hand and leaning over her shoulder to plant a kiss on her cheek and set a gentle hand on Tony. Steve didn't understand the difference between this man and Tony's stories about his dad. What happened?
"Bye, Tony, dear," Nat says, patting his hand with her own. He gives a little bow, then is off to some sort of business, whatever that means for him. "You're too stiff, darling." She takes a sip of her champagne. He follows suit.
She smiles at him through the hard, wrapping a hand slowly around a bar and shifting her hips. "Could you help me with a little problem I'm having?" She asks slowly, dragging her eyes up his body.
Oh. That's nicer then a punch in the face. Tony's hand is cupping his jaw and their bodies are pushed flush together in a passionate kiss. There were what felt like thousands of people around them, but as far as Steve was concerned, they were the only two people on the planet. This was right. His hands snake around Tony's waist to deepen the kiss, leaving him breathless, but still kissing. He didn't need oxygen anymore, just Tony. It's Tony that pulls away first, but he doesn't go far.. in fact, hardly even an inch. "How would you feel about being my date to this thing I'm going to. It's my friends wedding, and it would be embarrassing to show up alone. I think you'd make a pretty cute accessory," he says gently, quiet enough that only Steve can hear him.
"I'm afraid I haven't. It's so nice to see the future in capable hands, unlike that Malik boy. Especially with Zola.. busy fraternizing with the enemy." Steve feels his heart stop in his chest. All it would take... that's all it would take. Zola would walk in, and Steve would be shot.
Tony comes back around the doorframe, pausing there for a moment. "You're all mine, hear that?" He continues towards Steve closing the door. "Whats wrong. You didn't laugh at my funny joke." He tilts Steve's chin up gently, pressing the back of his hand to Steve's forehead.
Not to mention the long lost boyfriend that shows up only a day after that, brainwashed, and missing an arm but it's still Bucky. Tony helps them take down the helicarriers, whining the whole time about wasted brilliance, and—though he protests the idea adamantly—concedes to letting Steve face Bucky alone.
Here’s a pro tip from Steve: never interrupt Natasha Romanov in a game of cards. Especially if you want something.
He nods, then walks away without another word, leaving Steve to move the cake to the cart alone. Something he could handle. He was a grown up, and he was certainly capable of moving the cake, large though it was. So Steve piles the tiers in their separate boxes onto the cart, then he tucks the extra pieces under his arm and begins pushing them towards the building. A man wearing a chef's hat opens the door for him, and Steve smiles gratuitously.
"No no you can't just—" Steve is cut off by a flurry of yellow smoke that envelops her. She's gone by the time it clears.
"That's not the way to your room," Tony says, and Steve almost punches him for backing away from the question again.
"Actually it involves her," Steve says, following Thor as he walks. "We got the reality stone out of her."
"I know." Tony sounds almost sad. "It should be you." Some part of Steve stubbornly agrees with that. "But he's all nervous. Keeps talking about 'I'm not the person Steve loved' blah blah blah. It's exhausting."
Nat knocks out probably half of the Soviet forces in Germany that day, and they finally get to west Germany. Then they steal some food, which makes Steve feel bad, but not as good as eating almost enough to sedate the pit known as his stomach makes him feel. Nat, in a moment of pure genius, goes to the US embassy and weaves them a tale of how Steve and Bucky were American agents stranded in the Soviet Union after a Korean War mission gone wrong and how they picked her up from where the Soviet government had left her to starve and die as they made their way here, got imprisoned, escaped from jail, and broke through the iron curtain. They were granted safe passage to England the following day, with the stipulation that they had to do interviews about their heroics once they got there.
He's not hard to find. He's 21, and in the middle of the Russian government. His wife's name is Natalia, and she has stunning red hair. They're rich. Like, really rich. Unfortunately, that raises more questions then it answers. Why the hell did these two incredibly rich and influential people send their daughter to the red room? That creates a bit of a block in their path. See, although they were easy to find, they wouldn't be easy to get to. And it would be even harder to explain that they have a daughter. And that they're here from 2023.
"What's to explain. I offered the deal, the only thing left is for you to take it. Whatever you're into, I promise I can handle it." The boys bravado showing through as he smirked at the two.
"Bucky!" Steve laughed, looking as carefree as he did before that fateful FUBAR mission all those years ago.
"Alright, next. Bedtimes. Sam, in bed by nine, Dean, ten thirty on school nights, midnight on weekends. We don't care if you're asleep at those times but you need to be in bed. Read a book, do some homework, whatever you want as long as you're in bed." Tony continued.
Steve did roll his eyes at that but decided not to argue and took the required deep breath. “You know, it’s not fair when you use my own words against me,” he muttered.
safe in your bottom desk drawer." The man continued. "Steve and Tony aren't ignorant of the situation as a whole, but the specifics are very fuzzy. If you feel the need, you can share anything with them and they will not tell your secrets to another being. Either way, while you are in this house you are under both my and their protection and always will be." At that, the man lifted himself from the chair as waited for Mr. Wilson to finish hugging Sam, before giving one last pointed look to the teen and leaving.
The five-year-old dropped his head and started to cry. Natasha abandoned the bath and wrapped the boy in her arms.
Without warning, Steve pounded into the man again and again, causing Tony to reach up and grab hold of the headboard and punching out little huffs of air from the man's lungs with every slap of skin on skin.
“Well, it’s been a long day, why don’t we order some pizza and watch a movie,” Steve suggested, getting a resounding holler of agreement from Clint, followed by the laughter of the others.
The next session Dean walked in and she was wearing a turtleneck sweater and started by asking him about his relationship with his mother.
“Steve, what the hell?! I thought we weren’t leaving him alone!” Tony whispered when the door was closed behind them.
Sam, Thor and Natasha were all crowding around Clint, trying to see the man, until Tony grabbed the phone out of Clint's hand. "Hey!" the thirteen-year-old protested.
“Whatever. Look, just put the necklace onto the wood in the middle, then I’ll cover it in salt and we’ll light this sucker up.”
"Hey, Tones, what's up?" Steve answered his phone casually, one hand still holding on to an unconscious Bucky's.
“No one,” Dean answered bitterly. “Dad didn’t have many friends and he wasn’t too friendly to the ones that he did have. I’m guessing it’s gonna be us and maybe some people that knew him from the marines or something.”
Another huge thank you to my bet t00thless!! Enjoy, and I hope all of you are staying safe this Easter weekend!
The two sat until the embers were a dull red, not saying anything to the other until Dean was satisfied enough to say that the ghost of Odin wouldn’t be coming back any time soon.
The teen took a deep breath to calm himself, pushing away the immediate worry that something bad happened to the man they called their uncle. He started to come up with a plan.
"Mr Wilson said you were married, but you're both men?" Sam had no idea that his question was so wildly inappropriate and simply looked to the men for the answer.
Steve stood up from the table. “You certainly look sick.” The man reached out to check his temperature.
"Mmmhmm. Then where did that bandaid come from?" His sister teased. Clint had a new bright pink bandaid on his forehead, although this wasn't out of the norm for the clumsy twelve year old.
"Relax," the man held out his hands in a calming gesture. "I still have one more trick up my sleeve."
What he wasn’t planning on doing was taking an impromptu nap on his desk and waking up four hours later with a stiff neck and panic pumping through his veins.
"I don't know, darling," the Captain sighed in response. "There's gonna be so much time before we even have to worry about that. He needs to stay at the hospital for a while, but if he wants to and thinks he can deal with the mayhem that is you little rascals, he's more than welcome."
I’m surprised you were awake for as long as you were!” Tony placed a hand on Dean’s forehead and sighed when he felt the heat. “You’re still burning up; your body knows it was too much.” Tony started shifting to sit next to Dean, wanting to wrap an arm around his sick boy. “Seriously, Dean! That was so incredibly stupid! You could’ve–”
"Not so fast." The man stood up, extending an arm. "Your brother's sleeping right now, there's no need to wake him just yet."
Over the next hour they learnt that the two men had been together for close to thirteen years, married for nine and they met when Tony was hosting a benefit for veterans. Thor was the first child they adopted, followed by Bruce and then a few years later Clint and Natasha. Thor has a half brother in Scandinavia that was almost beaten to death by Thor's father/Loki's step father and Steve and Tony have been fighting to get him to the states to adopt him as well.
"No." Tony's phone was suddenly off and his attention was fully focused on the older man. "No. We told you we can't take anymore. We have five kids right now Phil, we can't!" The engineer turned to his husband for support, but instead he found Steve looking at the pictures with a soft smile.
The two boys looked at each other and smiled, then graciously accepted Natasha's expertise for the future.
"Stupid fucking olive branch. Could make some expensive ass meals with it instead but no, just have to offer it to–"
Steve took a bracing breath and squeezed Dean’s knee once before answering. “I was eighteen. I laid her to rest beside my father who died before I was born.”
"That that's why my dad drinks. Only, he said he lost a lot of people, so he had to drink a lot, and you only said you lost Bucky, so maybe you don't have to drink so much?" Sam reasoned.
“What the hell is going on?” Dean wondered as they climbed out of the car and made their way towards the crowd.
' but complied, setting himself gently in the middle of their marriage bed. Tony quickly stripped out of his clothing and crawled up beside his husband, beginning to trace his fingers lightly over Steve's stomach and chest.
"Don't you dare," Tony commanded, much more awake. The man shuffled around until the screen was awash with light and Steve finally saw the love of his life's face.
"We're glad to hear that, but that's not what I meant," the engineer replied. "It could be cutting yourself with a razor, punching a wall, hitting your head against that wall," he paused, "digging your fingernails into your skin."
“No!” Steve almost shouted, then calmed himself and continued at a lower volume. “No. Tony, Bucky needs me right now, I can’t go home. I was thinking that maybe you could come drop off my dinner here too? I know I said I’d come home for dinner, but...but Tony I can’t leave him. I-I can’t-”
Dean's chest felt like it was collapsing. He was hiding just around the corner, like a coward. Of course she thought he was a monster, why wouldn't she? Everyone else thought he was a dangerous good-for-nothing, so that's what he was.
“He saved me a few years back, my husband and child got turned into zombies. Not fun.” She looked Dean straight in the eye as she told him.
"Are you sure I can't talk you into something right now?" Tony pinched a nipple tightly and suddenly, earning a yelp and another groan from the blond.
The engineer gripped the back of Steve's hair tightly, preventing him from going far. "Don't you dare. I'm gonna die without sex while you're gone, the least you can do is give me something to jerk to."
"We stay together. No matter what. I know how you guys like to split up siblings and Imma tell you right now that ain't gonna fly." Dean poked the man's chest, accentuating his point. "You even mention us going separate places and we'll be gone before you know it, and I promise you you'll never find us again."
“Okay. Here’s what I think.” Tony folded his hands on top of the table in a mock business pose. “You’re worried that if you tell us where you got the codeine, you’ll lose access to your supplier.”
“I mean,” Sam looked at his shoes, hiding the blush creeping over his cheeks. “Dean always made sure I had at least one present, but-”
Natasha leaned against the wall of the closet and held her arms out for her brother to come closer. Clint sat on his sister's lap and fell asleep with her arms wrapped safely around him. The rest of the world faded away to the unforgiving grasp of the colour, and the feelings that accompanied it.
“That sounds scary.” Tony’s voice was quiet, cautiously feeling out the emotional space of his husband.
“Hey, there you are! Good morning, sleepyhead!” Steve couldn’t help but grin at the innocent expression Dean made as he returned the words with a small smile.
“He’s not going unless everyone agrees, and it’s not an active combat mission so he’s not going to be in too much danger,” Tony explained, finally getting control of the room.
Coupled with the pain still emanating from his side, the mess in his head made it impossible to sleep.
Steve and Tony shared a look. “We can put it in our storage locker until you’re of legal age to own one,” Steve offered. Dean nodded immediately, knowing that was the best he was going to get.
"He usually leaves enough money. Is that why you were caught taking the peanut butter? Because you ran out of money for food?" Mr. Wilson inquired, sitting on a stool beside the door.
The men stared at the empty doorway, remembering the closed off boy they took in, and how far he'd come to being who he was meant to be.
"Sam." Steve squeezed Sam's hand as he interrupted the boy. "It's fine. I was just caught off guard. War was-" Steve took a bracing breath. "War was hell, to tell you the truth."
"Yeah, Dean?" the boy responded, distracted with making sure all his books were where they were supposed to be.
"Hey," Dean caught the teen's arm as he passed. "You asking questions? It's a good thing, I think. Shows that you're thinking about things and want to improve. I'm sorry I can't be more help, but I can barely think straight from looking at stupid fucking words about things I couldn't care less about for the past three hours straight."
"Yeah," the man echoed. "Play." He lead the two to a dingy room that had only a rusted sink and a bare mattress covered in filth and a lumpy bed sheet.
Dean thought hard, then looked up to his foster parents. “You two?” he whispered. It was the most vulnerable the couple had ever seen Dean.
“I got a call from Mr. Wilson the other day” Steve paused, thinking about how to continue. “He—he gave me some news.”
Laughter was her favourite when it was manageable. Hearing Clint laugh made the colour fade so much that she could barely see it around the corners of her vision.
The teen bit back a sob, staying in the embrace just a little longer before letting go and hiding his face.
"Didn't think so," the teen eventually whispered, then closed his eyes and shook his head slowly. "My head isn't somewhere you wanna be. It's not something you want to understand."
"What does BS mean?" Sam asked. Steve gave Tony a pointed 'look what you did now' look as Tony sputtered.
. If you cannot remain calm we're gonna pause and try this again when you are. Understood?" Steve once again got his husband to listen to him as he piped down and nodded his head. "Now Dean. Your turn. Tell us what happened."
“I–” Dean started. The others waited in silence. “I guess I do.” he relented, hanging his head once more.
Steve chuckled. “When Mr. Wilson told us where to find you, I left him threatening to sue everyone and everything, including the manufacturers of the door they locked us behind,” the man explained.
Steve’s booming laugh filled the small room, the sound causing his teammates to smile in return. After the mission where they lost Bucky, they thought they’d never hear that laugh again.
"We decided to let you two sleep in. Steve is driving everyone to school so it's just the three of us here at the moment." Tony put down the tablet and pushed his glasses up to rest in his serious case of bed head. "Grab some French toast! Have a seat!"
” Sam was scared. Really scared. Something must have happened, and this woman wasn’t telling him anything.
"It's nothing bad," Tony assured the kids, sitting on the edge of the massive desk beside Steve. "We just want to check-in."
"Besides," the brunette continued, "there were only men in that camp, I'd be a hypocrite if I didn't say I enjoyed a good BJ from a dude."
The rare moment of gratitude was met with a smile and nod, along with a look of uncertainty upon the man's face as he studied the teen.
"Well," Dean blushed, "I'm pretty sure. I've never done this without my dad, but it's pretty simple in practice. Was Odin buried or cremated?"
The two were interrupted by a noise coming from the resting teen, whose breath was coming out in short pants as small whimpers escaped–the beginning of a nightmare. The older boy’s body twitched in terror, and a low whine sounded.
Dean grabbed the salt, warding book and a sharpie marker and went to protect the house from the outside monsters.
"Fucking hell!" Dean exclaimed when he heard the voice coming from the shadows of the pantry. "There's a light switch ya know!"
“Well, thank you, Dean,” Tony squeezed the teen’s shoulder softly. “I really appreciate it. And who made your lunches? I hope you didn’t all make your own,” he said, pointedly mock glaring at Clint, who had once tried to bring nothing but candy to school.
“Look at all the stuff dad kept!” Sam exclaimed, head deep in a box. “Look! My cement handprints from kindergarten!”
The colour faded, but didn't disappear. The police found Clint's birth father just a few blocks away. At first, the man wanted no part in taking Natasha, claiming her to be a 'bastard' but his wife simply smiled at the kids and ushered them in.
Steve pulled the other man to sit on the couch that was often Tony's bed when he crashed in the middle of the day just a few feet away from the desk.
He had it all planned out. The next morning, while packing his bag for school, he put in a few extra supplies. Along with his textbooks, Dean's backpack now held a container of salt, the exorcism ritual, the rosary, a water bottle full of holy water, and the one knife he'd been allowed to keep. Thank god it was silver.
“Less about her, and more about you. So,” Tony leaned forward and straight-faced asked the teen: “Were you being safe?”
“Really?” Sam asked, quietly. Steve held out his hand and pulled the boy onto his lap, embracing him.
Dean stuffed a piece of waffle in his mouth to avoid answering right away. The men waited patiently. “Um. I guess what we’re doing is working? I–I’ll let you know when it’s not?” Dean answered hesitantly, judging the men’s reaction to his thoughts.
Natasha did not respond. Mr. Coulson was a kind man, had always kept to his side of the desk and had never even attempted to get her to speak, but he was still an adult man. Adults weren't to be trusted, let alone men. Men only brought pain and cruel tricks.
And with that the atmosphere in the room shifted. Determined not to distress the brothers, Steve swiftly changed the subject. "And this one trying to rudely ignore us over there is Clint. Clint, come over and meet Sam and Dean!" Steve called out to the boy in front of the television.
Steve had only been living in this century for a few months, but some things were already blatantly clear to him.
“Thought you were a goner, Stark,” Clint said, his usual shit eating smirk lit across his face, but relief was genuine in his eyes.
“A German scientist threw me into a metal coffin and injected me with experimental serum, in which I emerged a foot taller and nearly a hundred pounds heavier.  I think I can handle change.  And weird.”
Tony blinked, the familiar lyrics grown louder and louder, along with the smooth melody being plucked across the guitar strings
The next morning, when Steve and Tony padded down to the commonfloor, Tony swimming in one of Steve’s SSR shirts, things almost felt normal.  Almost.
Besides that, the drive back to the tower was uneventful, and the journey from the garage into the tower was even less so.  It was, however, the quietest he’d ever seen his team be, and that was just…
“Is this okay?” Steve muttered, and Tony only nodded.  It was okay, very okay, but he couldn’t find the words to say exactly what he meant, so he just snuggled in closer to Steve.  The other man seemed to understand, as he let out a small, relieved sigh.
He shrugged, turning back to his desk to retrieve a stack of contracts to hand to her.  At the sight, she raised a sculpted brow at him, giving him
went unsaid, but Tony caught the Captain’s drift.  The blond was still staring into him, his face a mix of frustration, relief, and a rather large amount of worry--too much worry.  It made Tony’ skin crawl.
“Hey, don’t blame me, I’ve been on Aunt May’s bad side too many times, and we both know how unpleasant
The team made lighthearted conversation over the table; Thor and Clint cracking jokes, Steve and Bruce exchanging looks, and Natasha ate her dinner with grace, acting oblivious towards the commotion.
, lit up on his hand, emitting a pure, golden glow--then dissipating, leaving his hand as blank as it was before.
The team got along great, in Steve’s eyes.  It was a shaky start, but Natasha and Clint were already more than close, Thor (when he was there) got along with everyone, filling up awkward silences with booming stories of his youth(?) when need be, and Tony and Bruce, of course, were able to bond over science and, well, more science.
He sputtered, whipping his head around to find one of the workers of the arena staring back down at him.
Steve considers it, he really does.  He wants to ask someone, too, if it’s the right thing to do.  If it’s even worth it.
It was a seedy place, really, as was the bar it was attached to.  Girls with tight shirt and three nose rings, with half their hair buzzed off.  Guys with too big biceps and dark, flowing tattoos plastered across their sweat stained skin.  It wasn’t a place where you’d expect to find a genius billionaire.
It was Natasha who answered him, as Steve continued to gape over him.  “Enemy defeated, no casualties, limited injuries.”
Tony felt a slight sense of comfort when he woke up drenched in cold sweat, mind fresh of images of him in the damn wormhole, in that damn cave, in that damn barrel of water, to know that there were five someone's sleeping in his tower, just below him.
Again, when he awoke, the room was empty except for the tear stained redhead perched towards his right.
And Bruce grinned backed, grasping his shoulder and picking up his mug and shuffling off towards the elevator.  And in that moment, Tony really did believe it.  Therapy was still awful to sit through, but it was going surprisingly well.  He was taking his meds, and they seemed to be helping.  Somewhat.
At that, Steve began to shake, hands cupped to his face and Tony, Tony could only watch as every single one of his own ribs cracked open at the display, making him ache, ache everywhere…
This wasn’t romantic, this wasn’t graceful.  This wasn’t him being brave, this wasn’t him becoming a model for the other children at school, a name stuck to an assembly that told kids to Ask For Help and to Not Do Drugs and to Talk It Out.  No, this was disgusting and greedy and selfish.  This was him giving up, this was him realizing that fuck, fucking hell, you’re all fucking liars because this has been going on for years upon years and no, I’m not doing better, thanks for asking.
Steve grabbed Tony impossibly tighter and Tony felt his chest knotting up, a wave of emotions swarming him.  Guilt, shame, sadness, and something deep, so deep he refused to let it surface and he just gripped Steve tighter and tried to push down the tears threatening his eyes.
Steve reels.  He knows exactly who T’Challa is talking about, but the mention of it shocks him.  “What?”
He chucked.  “I know girl, you ready for some work today?”  The horse whinnied, and Steve couldn’t help but grin.   Bucky rolled his eyes, straddling his own horse.
There was only one picture of the guy uploaded, but holy hell was he something.  Light brown hair strewn messy across his forehead, lips pulled into a sly smirk.  And his eyes; crisp, azure eyes that were almost as rich and deep as-
At that, Steve almost stopped, almost, because if he’s going through the gate and out of Faron woods, that meant he was on his way towards Hyrule field, which laid way to monsters and creatures Steve had never seen the likes of, only heard the stories from the elders, like Ben and Dr Erskine...
“You know, for someone who makes a living deciphering people’s feelings you’re having a hell of a time catching my goddamn drift.”
From behind him, Rhodey snickered.  Tony’s smirk grew.  “I’d say I know why, but you weren’t there that night, so my theory is moot.”
Tony blinked, mouth hanging open slightly as Steve came into view, lips working over the lyrics as his long fingers worked over the guitar and oh, oh Jesus.
“Wait, who’s your friend?” Clint asked, suddenly enthralled, eyes wide as he turned to Steve, as if the man had the latest gossip about which lucky girl the star quarterback had his eyes on now.  “You got yourself a girl, Cap?”
Sighing, Tony walked over towards his coffee maker, snatching his empty mug from Dummy’s claw.  “Yeah, Cap, I know he short circuited my suit, but it was for like, 30 seconds alright?  And I defeated it, didn’t I?  Plus it was like, their leader.  So, bonus points, right?”
Steve isn’t used to this.  Ever since he stepped into that metal coffin and came out a foot taller and a hundred pounds heavier, he’s been in the eye of the media, one way or another.  And it was fine, is fine, to an extent.  But this?  Having to hide, having to operate in complete secrecy, knowing that the government is breathing down his back?  He wishes things were different.
“Tony!” he called, searching frantically across the room.  He expected to find the man either trapped under some sort of machinery, cut and bleeding, or both.  What he found however was the billionaire perfectly unharmed, dressed not in the usual ratty tank top and jeans he wore in the lab, but in dress pants and an overcoat.  Steve blinked at the sight.
Dr. Mills’ observation hit Dean hard. He knew that he had never even mentioned anything of the sort before.
Tony smiled, and shared: "We love you, Natasha. Steve and I would move heaven and earth to make you smile."
Dean nodded, then flung himself into Steve's arms. The teen melted as Steve wrapped his arms around him and cradled Dean's head to the man's shoulder.
"Mr. Singer, if we are to continue this discussion, we will do so with you sober," Tony snapped. "I highly doubt that you're pouring yourself iced tea."
"Bartender gave me a lift. I told her you were my uncle, and she said you were looking into this place, so she dropped me off. And I'm not a kid, I'm almost an adult," Dean argued.
“You love Dean.” Steve continued, Sam nodded. “Sometimes when we love someone, it means that we have to do really hard things that they may not be happy about. And that’s a good thing! For example, I’m going to tell you a secret.” The man whispered. “When Tony asked me to marry him, I said no.”
Sighing, Tony flopped on the huge bed and ran his hands over his face. "I know. I'm sorry. Just because
She nodded and winced at the pain radiating through her head. Slowly sitting up, she realized the two of them were in a closet.
"Don't you dare, Steven Grant Stark," Tony pointed his fork at the man. "You are saving Bucky and that is final."
“Okay, so the doctor says not to get the bandage wet for forty-eight hours, and to watch for signs of loss of consciousness.” Steve read from a print out Bumpin’ Booty gave him.
“Yeah. Stole some beers and whiskey from my dad once in a while. One time I chugged a vodka bottle at a party, fun night. The girl I was with was certainly impressed.” He winked at Dr Mills.
Another moment of quiet. "I'm starting a prototype for his prosthesis as we speak," the engineer stated, along with the sound of more banging in the background.
Dean huffed and stood up, walking around his chair and threw his hands in the air. "I don't know okay! At first it was funny to see Steve flustered, but then I couldn't stop! I didn't want to keep pushing, but I just kept saying stuff and I thought I was already in shit, might as well go down swinging and I don't know why I said those things. I'm sorry." Dean was leaning on the back of his chair, his head hanging low.
"Okay, off to bed now, Dean." The man exited the car himself and guided his son through the house until the boy collapsed face down onto his mattress.
“First off, you’re fourteen. That’s gross. And you don’t need me to hold your hand. You’ve seen shit and you need to talk about it.”
Hello again everyone! This is a moment that a lot of you have been waiting very patiently for: Bucky meets the kids!
"Hold on, we're not completely saying yes yet. You know that we need to know their history. Whether or not they'd be a good fit with the other kids."
"Loki," Dean made sure to look directly at the other boy, "I don't know what to think right now, only that someone's hurting you. Whatever you tell me next, I'm going to believe as long as it's not 'I'm okay' or 'it's not what you think'."
“Oh, so you just ignore that part?” the boy questioned, not understanding the nudge Dean gave him in warning.
"What? Why not? You can do anything! I'll do anything for you! Don't you want that?" Dean was starting to panic, interrupting Steve. They need to take this deal. He couldn't leave Sammy un-defended.
"I'm useful for stress relief! I know you have each other, but you can use me too! I've been told that I'm a great fuck! I can suck and everything! You don't want to give that up!" Dean tried to take control of the situation by leaning into the chair and letting his legs spread, showcasing his crotch.
"I would never expect that, but I'm getting the sense that this is about more than that." Mr. Coulson was frustratingly calm in the face of the annoyed teenager. "I think you're blaming yourself for what happened."
This continued until Steve dropped Sam and Clint off at the middle school, the boys offering cheerful farewells before racing to the school's entrance. He then drove the short distance to the connected high school where Nat and Dean hopped out, both only throwing up a hand in farewell.
"'Tasha? Is that your name, sweetheart?" the woman asked as she followed the two. "And what's your name, buddy?"
The boys nodded. "Awesome! Let's start with curfew!" Tony chimed in. "Sam, you're not allowed out without someone else and you need to be back before eight. Dean, you need to be back by nine thirty on school nights, ten thirty on weekends. Both of you need to text us where you'll be going and if you know what time you'll be back. Speaking of!" Tony reached into his pocket and pulled out two Starkphones.
"Aww, is someone a prude? If I were you I'd sell fucking tickets! Ha, fucking tickets, get it?" Dean knew he was poking the bear, but god it was fun. He missed doing drills, fighting, killing monsters! Don't get him wrong, not fearing for his life was great, but man life was boring without it.
“Do you really think some biker gang can come near Tony Stark and his family?” The engineer scoffed. “They’d be lucky to get to the front door.”
Dean woke to a hand stroking his hair. He relaxed easily into the fingers, melting with every pass. One second he was floating in easy peace, the next he was leaning over the side of the bed, heaving up everything in his stomach.
"Yes, Dean, he does," Dr. Mills interrupted. "You are his only constant in life and his only stable relationship.
The professor gave a fond–though tired–smile at Dean’s unknowing display of trust and took comfort in the knowledge that he could soothe his son’s suffering in such a way.
Dean rolled his eyes and gestured for the two men to come in. Mr. Wilson walked into the room and knelt beside the teen.
"They're brothers." Phil explained. "Dean is fourteen, Sam is ten. Said their dad went on a business trip and hadn't been home in a few days. That was a year and a half ago."
“He told us your dad was a part of the ‘American Hunters’ gang and that’s why you didn’t have a safe and stable childhood,” Steve explained further.
"Well, he's not in any danger of dying, but truthfully, I don't know," the captain revealed, and put down his cutlery to give the table his full attention. "I'm not going to tell you guys exactly what happened, that's his to tell, but know that the people who had Uncle Bucky were not very nice to him. I expect all of you to be on your best behaviour every single time you see him, understood?"
"Well it had to come from somewhere! Anyways, if you want any features on the phone just let me know and I'll make it happen." Tony winked at Dean playfully. Dean eyed Tony strangely.
"I understand this rule but I'm not going to follow it," Dean stated clearly. "I am not going to be defenceless."
“What do you think happened to Dean to make them think Dad and Papa could hurt us?” wondered Clint. “Do you think Dean’s okay?”
Tony brushed his hand through Deans hair then stood to help Bruce. As Steve made his way over to Dean, the teen saw that Tony was talking quietly to Bruce.
The boy ran off, no doubt dripping syrup along the way, to do as his father asked. Steve made his way to the table and greeted the rest of his children.
He sucked and pinched and twisted and drank in her moans and gasps until he felt her rolling her pelvis against him. He stopped with a gentle bite on her left nipple and looked at her while he unbuttoned her jeans.
“Not good,” Steve replied instantly. He hung his head and tried to fight back the tears, but with his husband right in front of him, the Captain instinctually let go and a single tear tracked its way down his cheek. The one paved the way for a dozen more tears that Steve frantically wiped away before peaking through his lashes to look at his screen.
“But...I didn’t...I gave them all to you?” Dean’s words were slurred, though from intoxication, fever, or drowsiness was unclear.
"Yeah papa, I'm gonna stay right here." Clint hadn't moved from his spot and his face was white as a sheet.
"Hey," Tony held his hands up in defense, "I never thought I'd go for a Brooklyn guy either, but our Steve is something special."
"Do you know what an alcoholic is Sam?" Tony asked. Sam shook his head. "An alcoholic is someone who is addicted to drinking. Someone who feels they need to drink for whatever reason and has a hard time stopping. Does that sound familiar?"
"Let's go with hope," Steve smiles. Just talking to his husband made him feel more at ease, more comfortable. "How about we sit the two of them down and make them talk?"
"Happy birthday, Dean!" the thirteen-year-old looked up with wide eyes and a brilliant smile. Dean, however, was fighting the knee-jerk reaction to slam his fist over the boy's head.
“Dad already assured you that his hospital stay has nothing to do with you, Natasha,” Bruce commented. His reminder, based more in fact than in emotion, was actually the most reassuring thing he could’ve said.
"Pfft. Are you sure these guys aren't pervs like the last guys?" Dean slung his bag over his shoulder as he got out, looking over the house in front of them. To be conservative, it was huge. To be able to afford a house this big in New York, the people they were staying with had to be fucking loaded.
Pounding in his skull, as if he had been hit by a train: probable concussion; monitor for signs of unconsciousness.
“There are no other symptoms,” Tony quickly replied, racking his brain for other reasons the boy could be feverish. “Could be a minor allergic reaction to the codeine, but I’ve never seen that before, so I’d need to do some research.”
“So why do you have a fever?” Steve asked calmly, focusing solely on his distraught son. Looking past the surface anger, the man had seen the unshed tears gathering in Dean’s eyes ever since the couple’s blatant mistrust was confirmed.
"Oh! God, Tony, the kids!" Steve exclaimed suddenly. "Guys, it's been absolutely wonderful seeing you all again, and I'd love for you to come to dinner at our house, but I haven't seen my kids in almost three months."
“Thor, the police asked me if Dad or Papa ever touched me inappropriately! I think we need to know!” Clint’s voice was getting louder, the stress of the situation finally affecting the young boy, to which Thor gave a small smile.
The blond fucked the man through his orgasm, only pausing when Tony collapsed bonelessly on the bed.
Feeling his son in his arms, Steve knew that he wouldn’t hesitate to die for this boy, just like any other of his children and made a silent promise to a man he never knew:
“Yup,” Dean responded, for the eighth time. Looking into the dark room, Dean couldn’t recognize any of the dark shapes. Suddenly, the lights came flooding on, and Tony yelped in victory near the power panel. Immediately, Dean’s eyes wandered over to what they were there to get.
"No. No, I would not bring any drugs or alcohol or cause any sort of ruckus if I were invited," the man promised. "You have my word."
“Locally. If anything threatens my town I threaten them sort of thing. But I don’t actively seek out trouble.”
"No!" Dean shouted. "No, um, thank you, I just um, I'll meet you in the library? Gotta get everything from my room."
Tony raised his arms between the blondes. "Okay we are getting off topic. Bottom line, you wanna hurt yourself in any way, you tell us first. Fair?"
Slowly and methodically, Tony undressed his husband, laying everything flat on the settee and kissing every inch of skin he uncovered. Steve's sobbing slowed and eventually, only occasional tears and sniffs permeated the atmosphere.
Walking into the house was an experience in and of itself. The place was huge! Dean didn't know where to look first. He saw Mr Wilson headed towards some seating on the left side of the door and followed him to find a cozy room filled with a large tv, a plush faded brown couch and several arm chairs surrounding a glass coffee table.
“Kids,” Tony mumbled, shaking the last of the nightmare off of him and he stumbled towards the lab door.
“Those aren’t from them! They’ve never hurt me!” Dean shouted. There was no way that he was going to let two of the only genuine people he’d ever met go to jail.
When Becky’s jeans were thrown across the room, Dean returned to lick the inside of her mouth, rubbing one finger down her wet thong. Damn. A fucking thong!
“Dude, your moods are giving me whiplash,” Dean muttered, scrubbing a hand over his face. “Look, it’s almost 12:30 in the morning, could you turn off your dickishness for like, ten minutes? What’s going on? Why are you so attached to this ring?”
“So you know that hunters don’t ‘talk’ about their ‘shit’. Hell, the only therapy I saw my dad do was called whiskey. Tequila if it was a bad night. We don’t do good feelings and fuzzy warm hugs.”
Tony huffed and made a 'wtf' face at Steve. Steve responded by raising his hands in a 'calm down' gesture.
"Can he hear me at all?" the Captain asked. With the confirmation that his son couldn't hear him, Steve threw back his head and barked out a loud laugh. "He's becoming more and more like his dad every day, eh, Tones?"
"Loki, vinsamlegast, þú ert að hræða mig. Ég er viss um að hvað sem það er, getum við lagað það, segðu mér það bara." {
The teen hadn’t moved from his place in front of the fireplace, eyes etched to the embers barely burning. “Thanks,” he said just loud enough to be heard.
Steve smiled and reached a hand out to squeeze the teen’s knee. “Thank you for all of your apologies. We forgive you.”
"Dean, we're home." The teen continued to stare out the window. Tony sighed and started shaking Dean's shoulder, jumping back when the boy reacted suddenly–he flinched violently away from the touch, pressed himself against the door of the car, and watched Tony with wide eyes.
Was flowing in between her legs as she forced herself up. It was getting light out, which meant there wouldn't be any more men tonight. Hopefully.
“He’s not actually our uncle,” Sam explained. “We stayed with him sometimes when our dad was working and stuff.”
Shifting to put an arm around the front seat, Tony faced his son completely. “It sounds like he still cares about you. Wants the best for you. Don’t you think?”
Tony and Dean were still sitting on the couch when the front door swung open and Nat came barreling in.
"Just try to be nice," Steve finished. Dean snorted. "Second rule. I know we haven't had a problem yet, but just in case, no weapons. No knives that aren't for cutting steak, no guns, nothing that was made to hurt someone else," Steve continued.
"If you want I can help you study." Bruce offered. "I can even teach you more if you're interested. I'm taking a human anatomy course in uni right now so it would actually help if I could explain some of the information to someone else."
Steve brought his hands up to cup his husband's cheeks. "Actually," he said softly. "I think I'd like the opposite."
“All I know is that it wasn’t Dad or Papa,” Nat growled through clenched teeth. After a moment, she hung her head and admitted, “It might’ve been me though. What if I bruised his ribs when I took him down the other day, and they think the injury is from them?” In an uncharacteristic show of vulnerability, the girl looked worried and ashamed at her possible guilt.
"I'd sleep a whole lot better after making sweet love to you, beautiful." He'd responded with. She sputtered and started lecturing him about chivalry while he smirked.
The two were silent for a moment before Bucky started chuckling lightly. "Why Stevie, you dog! Didn't know dicks did it for ya!"
“Not the whole time. He could’ve stashed a bottle somewhere and taken more when we left him alone,” Tony grimly pointed out. “I don’t want to believe it, either, Steve, but it’s the only thing that makes sense.”
Steve began to explain the famous quote to the boy with interjections from the man on his lap when Dean felt his phone buzz. Pulling it out, he found a text from Natasha.
“Yes. You’ve had to grow up a lot Dean. More than any child should have to. But it doesn’t matter how mature you feel, you were Clint’s age. With someone four years older.”
“My father found the ring after my mother’s death, along with the note that went with it,” Loki continued. “He changed the emeralds out for rubies. My favourite colour has always been green, he couldn’t stand the reminder that it was supposed to be mine.”
"You mentioned there were threats of violence?" Steve was now looking through one of the files in front of him.
"Okay, so, uh," he stammered, not knowing where to start. "So, sex." His face was beet red. "For me, sex isn't some beautiful experience to share with someone else. It's–it feels good. And–and it gets me out of my head for a little while, to–to completely focus on someone else and know that it's because of me that they're feeling good, that it's because of me that they make noises and beg for more.
The stench of alcohol permeated the walls and floors of the tiny house, and at night, it accompanied the sound of fists hitting flesh. Natasha held Clint close then, covering his ears and blocking out her own fear and helplessness that returned full force and tried to suffocate her while she cradled her brother. She didn't matter. Clint did.
Dean studied the other boy. “I’m really sorry that happened to you, Loki. And I’m sorry that this is what we have to do to get Odin to stop, but it is.”
Sam, on the other hand, was curled up on Steve’s lap, silent. The man had a strong arm curled around the boy and stroked his hair with the other, the pinnacle of calm amidst the storm of chaos around them.
"Does my five thousand dollar suit suggest I'm anyone else? You must be the poor best friend that kept my husband alive long enough to see his twenty-first birthday."
“Not really? Well, I would hate to see what real pain looks like, if this is fake,” Tony spat, crossing his arms.
The man was now standing in front of the boy once more, and slowly reached up to run the back of his hand down Loki's cheek.
“Where are you taking Dean?” Sam appeared seemingly out of nowhere as the two men made it to the landing of the stairs.
“We’ll take you to a doctor any time you need us to, Dean,” Steve promised. “We have money to spare, but we can’t buy another one of you.”
“Sam, sweetheart, I promise you did the right thing! Who knows what could’ve happened if you didn’t tell us!” There were tears starting to pool in the boy’s eyes as Steve spoke.
The Stark family were gathered in the kitchen for their regular morning chaos, (read: breakfast) when Sam raised his hand hesitantly in an awkward attempt to get their attention.
“Dean,” Steve looked the boy straight in the eye. “Do you have a good reason for not telling us where you got the codeine?”
"Fuck, babe," Tony panted. "I'm gonna add those to the sexy box," he teased, voice breathy in pleasure.
The entire room jumped when Bucky barked out a loud laugh. "Taking after your Papa, are you? I remember pulling him outta his fair share of back-alley fights for 'the greater good'. He could take you on a tour of all the alleys he's been punched in."
"Tony!" Steve grabbed his husband's shoulders, interrupting the man's rant. "Trust me, I know. But he was the
"Nope. You are not hiding in your room until we search it for sharp objects, missy," he stated, earning him a hard shove from the girl. She needed to escape. She needed out.
Nodding, Jody went along with it whether it was in sarcasm or not. “Alright, let’s start with the hunt you went on. That was the werewolves in Jersey right?”
“It’s not true,” Bruce offered, voice strained. “It’s not true. Dean went to the hospital because he had a fever, not because he was bleeding. Although, there are injuries that could cause a fever…” he trailed off.
"Dean was the one who bore the brunt of it, apparently Sam doesn't even know why they were removed from their past homes. While mostly physical, we speculate sexual as well. Although he fought all the tests so there's no way to know for sure without him telling us and there's no way he'll ever do that. He's tight lipped. Apparently he only ever speaks of the abuse when necessary, but has no problems reporting it to his case worker except for once. That's when they stayed for four and a half months. He didn't report anything the entire time. We only found out about it because Sam was talking about how they went to the beach and Dean swam with his shirt on, tipping off their case worker."
Steve gasped silently, knowing the weight of the boy's words, before nodding solemnly. "I promise I'll do my best."
"Let's get that off you, eh, sport?" Tony reached out and unbuckled the safety feature, then watched as Dean slowly unraveled himself and climbed out of the car.
“Well then, thank you again, Dean,” Tony began rubbing the boy’s shoulder lightly. “You really saved my butt last night.”
"Of course it is!" Dean snapped, finally looking directly at the man. "Do you think I'd actually be okay after watching my father's body be burned to ashes then buried beside the mother I barely remember?"
"Please sit!" The smaller man gestured to Dean, taking a seat next to the older blonde man on a loveseat beside the couch the brothers had taken.
Becky moaned into his mouth and started moving her ass against Dean’s hand. The teen started to kiss and lick down the girls throat, biting lightly underneath her ear and at her collarbone, causing her to mewl in pleasure.
Dean could feel the heat radiating off his wound and knew he was getting paler the longer he stood there. “It’s okay, really! You don’t have to take care of me! Go to work, both of you–I’ll be fine! In fact, I’m not really sick! I’m fine to go school!”
"Oh. Okay. I've never heard it shortened before. I guess it makes it easier to say, but it's the same number of syllables, why not just-"
Tony snorts. “Please. There are plenty of superior games I’d sneak onto the Switch before I let Tom Nook set up his island.”
Steve sighs. “I don’t know. Dinner, a movie. Talking about why you’re upset before you start accusing me of things.”
It’s mostly clothes and old file boxes. He gropes in the very back, his fingers touching metal. Tony pulls, glimpsing something red and thinks it must be an old-fashioned first aid kid, the kind that still came in metal cases. But no, when he gets a better grip on it, it’s a single round of metal. A shield.
There’s a small theater setup for reel-to-reel and after watching him fumble with the projector for several long minutes, Steve bumps Tony aside to do it himself.
“Well, if we’re going by popular opinion, then the whole world’s doomed,” Howard says. “Seemed to me, the decent thing to do was look the other way. Well, unless I was invited.”
Figures, he thinks with wry resignation. He always did get it bad for a person with a sharp eyes and a wit that could yank your feet out from under you.
“Steve,” Tony says without turning around, a touch of exasperation in his voice. “You don’t have to monitor us so closely. Disappearing photograph, remember?”
“Uh huh. Wouldn’t happen to be because you want a chance to observe and note any required maintenance or upgrades without Rhodes knowing what you're doing, would it?”
Steve nods once, quick and tight. “A whole city,” he mutters. His breathing is heavy from the run, but it doesn’t quite mask a curl of fear. “A whole city.”
Now Tony watches Steve toss his head back, sing into the wooden spoon in his hand, and shake his head to a beat only The Boss can play. He can feel the smile on his face, wide and warm. Of course Steve would love Bruce Springsteen.
They’re well into Day 4 when Steve makes a routine check that Tony has a) eaten, b) drank enough water, and c) not gotten half-stuck in a glowing portal that goes God-knows-where again.
There’s a difference now, of course. Tony is tense and unhappy, his space suddenly haunted by his father. It hurts to see that sharp-edged bright smile on his face here, the one Tony uses for press conferences and other places where he has to schmooze and pretend he likes the assholes who thought his kidnapping was an opportunity to seize a piece of Stark Industries.
The reel turns out to be pre-serum Steve completing a series of basic training exercises. Tony watches Steve’s face slowly turn into the one he wears when the star is stamped on his chest: guarded and determined, the world before him a grid of tactical advantages and plans. He’s started to notice this more, how often Steve slips into using Captain America as a disguise. A part of himself he can hide behind or use to push down grief that must bubble under the surface at all times.
Another deep sigh, paired with the sound of a bottle meeting glass once more. "Okay, Dean. You–you live the best life you can." The phone disconnected, and Dean dropped it to the bed, not caring to stop the flow of tears anymore.
Steve's smile was so big it was radiant. "I can't believe the two of you are together, it seemed like a dream until now, I-"
Dean finally swallowed his mouthful. “Well, I guess if I had to choose, let’s go chronologically,” he replied sarcastically.
"The day you tell me you wanna marry a man is the day I'll finally get those nipple piercings you wanted me to get." Steve laughed even harder.
"Gee, thanks, Miss!" Dean plopped himself down in a chair and was suddenly fascinated with the carpet pattern. He blinked, and a man appeared. "Tony!"
Just as Steve had begun to put his phone away, Tony’s screen lit up, a Twitter notification blinking in the corner.
He knows, he knows that they’re both at fault, that they’re all at fault in some way, but in that moment, with his aching heart pounding against the hole in his chest, all Steve can think is
At that, Clint eyed him for a moment, until his mouth turned into a wide, snarky grin.  “Sure thing, Cap!  Alright, movie, yeah?”
“Don’t take me shit, Barton,” Tony growled, but it did nothing to quell the ever grown smirk on Clint’s face.  Tony furrowed his brow.  “What-?”
And he misses Tony like he had missed Bucky, but this is worse, somehow, because Bucky didn’t choose to leave him be, and Steve didn’t choose to push him away.
“Yup.  You are most definitely fucked, Steve,” Natasha had said after Steve (vaguely) explained the situation to her at two in the morning, after she found Steve nestling his aching heart over a leftover plate of Clint’s homemade and somewhat terrifying nachos (terrifying because he was 93% certain the green stuff in it was not jalapenos).
Tony didn’t know if it was the booze, the insomnia, or the erratic thumping in his heart that caused him to do it, but as Steve was about to leave, Tony reached out and grabbed his hand.  Steve turned back to him, mild shock playing across his face.
Laying in bed at five in the morning with Steve snoring softly beside him, he knows Steve is just his lover, not his saviour.
They ate pizza together (with the whole team really) but sometimes when Tony was too caught up in his work to head up from his workshop to join everyone, it was Steve who would bring him a slice or two, and stayed to chat.  Well, listen to Tony drone on about whatever it was he was working on, but Steve didn’t mind.
Hours later, late into the evening (as far as Tony could tell), Steve had appeared in his workshop.  Or, well, had requested access anyway.
“Well if you’ll excuse me, I have, uh, things to do.  Science things, Bruce will understand.  Obviously.  Alright, so…”
He feels, sometimes, as if that is the case, as if he is living just for Steve, only for Steve.  He knows Steve relies on him too, of course, but, fuck, he knows it can’t work like that, it can’t be like that.
There was no heat to it, though, and he knew this was how Rhodey was coping.  He smiled, nodded, and let the man leave.
He and Natasha had taken the quinjet up to the helicarrier, and with Steve cladded in his uniform the two of them marched through the hallways with purpose.  All the agents aboard moved out of their path, clearly getting the message that Captain America was on a
“Pep, Pepperoni, I was so...caught up, y’know how it is, I didn’t even know it was Thursday!  I’ve been working on specs for new gear for Natasha, and I’m on the Mark 19 now and it’s been….”
” Howard screams, his bottle of whiskey dropping to the ground and splattering with a crash, the amber liquid bleeding across the wooden floor.
Tony didn’t even have it in himself to yell traitor aloud.  Despite his restful slumber, he was absolutely drained.
“He’s going to be your child too,” Peggy says, softer this time.  “And I know it’s not ideal, but I really do feel it would be better than him growing up in a broken home.”
Tony had a good idea about what he was going to say, but he kept his mouth shut, waiting for Steve to gather his words instead.
“Had it occurred to you that I perhaps just wanted some space?”  His words were soft, but sharp.  Steve nodded.
to see he finishes inside his own head, because really, what could it be?  There’s no note, no letter attached.  The box is big enough to contain some sort of gun, but what use would Steve have for a gun, and why would Tony send him one?  The only other thing he can think of his some sort of new uniform, but even that is a stretch.
Before he had time to register guilt, Tony was in the elevator, headed back down to his workshop to finish burning all the useless shit.
So, quite a handful of years later on a bitter, February afternoon, Tony found himself on the green line, inbound towards Park Street.
“Farore, Nayru and Din,” Steve breathed, and he supposed it was appropriate to thank the goddesses for this, since there was no one else who could’ve given him such a gift.
Steve didn’t regret leaving, but it was clear that he’d definitely missed something.  It was early Monday morning when Steve returned to Boston University.  He’d managed to catch the earliest bus, and taken the T right to campus.  So when he’d reached his floor that morning, he wouldn’t be surprised if the flyer he was gaping at was just a figment of his sleep deprived state.
More lube was added and a second finger entered, electing a moan from Tony.  He grasped his fingers into the man’s shaggy hair, closing his eyes as he let the man invade him.
As the tears well up in her eyes, Peggy told herself that it would be alright, that Tony would be alright, that her son would be alright.
Tony woke up the next day from the most peaceful sleep he’d had in months.  It was odd, really, blinking awake on the soft sheets of his oversized bed, to nothing but the soft, cream color of his bedroom wall.  No sweat dripping down his forehead, none of his own screams wracking him into consciousness.  No, just...waking up.
He knows he can’t ask Wanda because that would just be...not right, he feels.  He could ask Sam, sure, maybe, but he knows that Sam is still just as peeved at Tony as Clint is.
“Bucky.  Bucky!  You’re going to fail English if you don’t get up!  Bucky, you’re a freshman and you’re going to fail English, get
T’Challa is donating some of his own medical tech to the hospital.  He wasn’t on Steve’s side of the...Incident, so his contribution, and presence, is welcome.  It comes with gratitude and grace, Steve is sure.
Of course, because the universe hated him, Tony’d managed to run out of coffee in his lab that day, and needed to retreat upstairs to obtain the substance.
He couldn’t just apologize, no, he had to figure out where he went wrong.  He had to figure out what Peggy actually
“Hey, who’s side are you on?” Tony shouts, waving his fist at nothing.  Steve merely shook his head.
him?  He couldn’t tell if the Captain really wished to inform Tony on the day of the week, or if he was actually fucking humoring his hungover ass.
Tony definitely knew he was only a story up when he jumped.  Yep.  Definitely.  Had it all under control.
Wiping away his thoughts, shoving them back down his own throat, he found himself wrapped in Steve’s huge, warm arms, hand stroking down his back and oh god,
When he came back, Steve was still there, singing and strumming and oh Lord, oh Lord he couldn’t take this.
, but the rest was all stuff he already knew, whether it be from his history catch up, or just from knowing Peggy personally.
“Um...yeah?”  Tony said warily, walking past the Captain back towards his desk.  The man, of course, followed him back, with that worried, confused gleam in his eyes that made Tony’s arm hair prickle.  “Why?”
“It’s not a problem,” Steve answered honestly, with a smile of his own.  He liked doing this, he liked being of use, despite his small stature and weak frame.
"You're right in that we don't really know you yet, but we don't need to know you to love you. We just need the opportunity, because, Loki, I'm not lying when I say I would die for you in a heartbeat."
"But Deeeeean," the ten-year-old whined and poked the burrito blanket. "Papa said they're making crepes! They won't let us have any until you're awake!"
“Okay, how about this:” the younger teen slowly moved towards the other, as if approaching a wild animal. “You give me the ring, you trust me enough to give me the ring, and I’ll put it in the fire and light it up. You don’t have to do anything other than give me the ring. Is that something you can do?”
Sam furrowed his eyebrows at the scene and studied his unconscious brother with the man Dean–apparently–now trusted. Resigned, Sam steeled his resolve and asked, “What can I do to help?”
Phil hesitated. "Dean is….well trained. Their dad was a former marine and taught the boys well. He put a couple of his former foster parents into the hospital due to self defense." Phil paused and made sure he had the two men's attention as he continued. "It is my feeling that Dean only uses violence as a defense and would never harm someone that wasn't an active threat. I know you value my opinion so I do not give it lightly. If you fear for the safety of yourselves or your children I completely understand, but know that I believe he would never risk endangering any of the minors in your care."
"You okay?" Sam whispered as the brothers followed the other siblings to the table already ladened with food.
Dean's smile fell. "What do you mean? He always comes back for us, right? What makes this time any different?"
“He wore it when he was beating me.” The teen's eyes were unfocused, and his voice was flat. “It would glint in the light as he hurt me. It—it mocked me. This was supposed to be a symbol of love from my mother, and instead, that boorish oaf used it to make me bleed.”
The men realized their poor phrasing when the teen startled and pushed away from the table. "NO! God no! Not that!" they assured him.
The group watched as Clint sprinted to the television. "Sorry about that, we got him that game system for his birthday and apparently the novelty hasn't worn off yet. Why don't we give you a tour of the place?" Tony stood up and held a hand for his husband. "Shall we?"
"It's been a long day for everybody, why don't we order some pizza and watch a movie?" Tony suggested when the rest of the Stark residents came to greet them upon their return.
Steve smiled and took the hand. "Always so dramatic," he playfully answered. "Thor, why don't you take the boys' bags for them, I'm sure they're tired from the trip over here."
Stepping back, he held out an arm in defence, his eyes scanning for potential threats. Ever observant, Clint narrowly avoided Dean's swinging arm and wrapped himself around the teen's middle.
"We don't want you to hurt yourself again," Steve stated behind her. "We love you too much to let you do that to yourself."
“Dean? I need to know where the rest of the pills are,” Tony interrupted, shooting Steve an apologetic look.
"What's this about Phil?" Steve asked as he, his husband Tony and Ex-CPS Agent Phil Coulson sat around an antique desk in his home office. "Did you hear anything about Loki?"
“Are you sure?” the blond asked, leaning further across the table. “He wants to be an awful lot like his big brother.”
The girl shook her head, then paused. Raising her hand she pointed to Tony. Tony was built, but small, she could take him in a fight much easier than Steve.
This scene is set a couple of years after To Have a Home ends, where the family is headed to see Bruce receive an award at MIT.
The soldier took a bracing breath and tightened his grip on Sam. “You all remember me talking about my best friend growing up?”
"I talked to Dr. Mills, and she said that we need to establish boundaries," the teen rushed out, dropping his gaze to the floor.
The brothers continued to stare at the fire, Thor’s words remaining at the forefront of their minds. “You know,” Dean whispered to Sam again, “This tradition I like. Burning shit and calling it hope. I could get behind it.”
“Dean needs to see a doctor Sam, don’t worry, he’s gonna be just fine!” Steve reassured the boy as Tony finally got through to the hospital.
“I’m not going for them or for some higher being, Sam. I’m going for you. Giving you a good fucking Christmas for once.”
“I have to agree with Nat, doesn’t look like you do,” Tony commented, handing the girl back her phone.
"Soon, baby," Steve reached out to stroke the boy's face softly. "They don't really allow kids into the section of the hospital that he's in, but I'm sure we make some arrangements if we go a few at a time. We also need to make sure that he's ready first, with everything that he's been through, it might be hard for him to meet new people right away."
“Yup! All we have to do is turn the key and see what happens!” the engineer smiled proudly as he tossed the keys to the boy. “Give it a shot.”
"Nope, you don't get to do that," Tony cut Steve off. "You don't get to apologize for your emotions. What you do get to do is whatever the hell you need to while I sit here talking to you. Got that?"
"Alright," the woman leaned forward in her chair to make sure that she had Dean's full attention. "Before I say anything, know that I got his permission to tell you this. You're his best friend, Dean, and he doesn't know why you do anything that you do. I have never given him any information about you that isn't on your records, and he figures out most things on his own, I just ask the right questions to help him along."
"No. Dean. I don't. The most we have is an extremely advanced security system and a baseball bat by the bed and the front hall closet." Steve responded. "Guns kill in an instant. If one of the kids were to find it I could never live with myself. Yes I know how to use weapons. I know how to kill and incapacitate in seconds. I had the highest kill count in my squadron. But Dean. Every one of those lives I took? I remember them. I mourn them. I don't play with human lives that easily that I would have something to take it away laying around. So again. I have to insist. No. Weapons."
Tony hesitated. "It's not in your file, but tell us when you want to self harm," he carefully stated.
Dean smirked at the joy of his brother. “Well, Tony definitely got that right,” he whispered to Bruce.
“Woah!” Dean held up his hands in surrender. “I’m not scared of you two! You are the only parents I’ve ever had where I’m legit not worried you’re gonna hurt me.” The teen leaned closer to the couple, stabbing his index finger into the table to emphasize his words.
Thor looked at his plate, brow furled as he thought. "Would this not make them the lesser beings? For believing that that woman is beneath them, when they act in such a way?" He asked his parents.
Sam had chosen to hyphenate his last name to Winchester-Stark, while the couple had adamantly assured Dean that they were perfectly fine with him keeping his, and if he ever wanted to change it, to only let them know.
“And? We’re gonna be bored for an hour while some old guy tells us we’re going to hell,” Dean scoffed halfheartedly.
Shaking off the old command, Dean continued, “I would love to see my dad again, but Sam was doing so well that–well, I thought he could take his time coming back.”
The teen's heart broke. He was so excited to see Tony, and–the man doesn't even want him? He probably never wanted Dean. He's a fourteen-year-old with problems a mile high–of course, he didn't want him. None of his foster parents ever wanted him; they showed him just how much with their words, their fists and their belts. Not to mention when they made him serve his 'only useful purpose.'
A loud bang as the door swung inwards. Natasha sprang up to defend herself, but the attacker already had his hands up. Steve stood in the doorway of the bathroom with his hands held clearly in front of him.
The teen nodded in relief, comforted by the knowledge that his foster father was still sober, which relaxed him just enough to fall into a fitful sleep.
"But what if we refuse to let them escalate the situation. Stop the conversation any time it gets heated?"
After writing another letter to his husband, Tony had a mental list of things he needed to do, starting with making dinner and the kid's lunches, and ending with check-ups for Thor and Sam.
The hearing itself was short and sweet, more like a ceremony, really, with the boys agreeing that this was what they wanted and Steve and Tony signing the paperwork with beaming smiles.
Pulling his fingers out, Steve nipped once more at Tony's neck, admiring the lovely collage of bruises before lubing himself up and positioning himself at his husband's entrance. He hooked his arms around Tony's legs and paused. Before he could get a word out the engineer practically shouted: "For god's sake, fuck me Steven Stark!"
The girl continued to ignore the men and simply sat in front of the sink, watching the colour fall once more. They ruined the numb, the fear and helplessness were coming back.
“Well… okay, maybe that’s true. I’m just really excited!” the boy was practically bouncing as he checked his tie in the mirror. “We’re going to church!”
“Of course. Are you Catholic or is there another service you want to make it to?” the man asked. Dean once again silently questioned Sam.
“Well, when you put it like that, we absolutely do!” Falsworth exclaimed, attempting to reach for the letter still folded on the table.
Steve was quiet for a moment longer before giving in and letting out a huge sigh. “I just can’t help but feel like everything’s falling apart.”
The two stood in silence as Tony continued to softly pet his son. "Steve and I are the fathers you deserve, Loki. We'll spend the rest of our lives trying to prove it to you."
“Dean!” a shout came from behind a mountain of boxes before a head of shaggy brown hair popped out. “Look at all these decorations!”
“No! You don’t get it! Steve and Tony didn’t touch me! They’re the best parents we’ve ever had and you’re trying to take us away!” Dean was fighting tears now.
The men blinked at Dean for a moment, their hearts essentially breaking for the fourteen year old who had been through more than he definitely should have. Tony slowly, never taking his eyes off Dean, got out of bed and drew closer to him.
Dean sighed in relief, the tension left his shoulders instantly. "Thank god," he whispered under his breath. "So, you really suspected this whole time?"
"You sure you're ready for this old man?" He asked, already feeling more secure than he had since he got here.
“Why don’t you tell us who you think is going to be at the funeral?” Tony suggested. “Maybe some old friends or family?”
Dean shrugged. “A couple times a year. The last time I was there, he taught me how to throw a baseball,” the teen revealed, giving a small smile.
Tony quickly stood up and knelt by the thirteen-year-old. "Hey, don't you worry about that. What did we say earlier, huh? They aren't going anywhere. In fact-" the man paused and glanced back towards his husband. "How would all of you feel if we invited them to stay permanently?"
The boy perked up as he explained about what he learnt today in school. They were learning about the different bones and muscles of the body right now and he loved how you had a cheat sheet with you at all the tests because you could just look at the muscles on your body!
"But...just like you said, Tony's so much better," Sam finally turned to look at the teen without disrupting the hand on him. In the dim light, Dean saw that the boy's face was still glistening slightly with tears. "Dean?"
“Don’t you worry about them, dear. Everything’s going to be fine,” she responded, giving him a smile.
This went on as the boys learnt rules about chores, homework and all other boring rules of the household. Dean zoned out as the two kept talking, aware that this was important, but running on such little sleep was starting to catch up.
Thank you so much for joining me in this adventure! I've loved each and every comment and follow it's gotten and I can not thank you all enough! This isn't the last time you'll see the brothers in this universe, there's already a one-shot written and a sequel in the works, so stay tuned for future stories!!
The blond closed his eyes and dropped his forehead to Tony's, before nodding slightly. "I missed you so much, you have no idea, I—"
Steve blushed, but, to the sound of his friends hollering and cheering, pulled his husband towards the parking lot.
Steve smiled. "Seems he wants to get to know the man that made me leave the army and start a family. He knew that's what I wanted and I wouldn't do it without him."
This question Dean was expecting, but that didn’t make it any easier to answer. Staring at his hands, the teen remained silent. The room was quiet once more while the minutes slipped by.
Dean was currently in school. More specifically in the room above the gym stage that was known for being ‘the couples spot’. Honestly the school should’ve locked the door as soon as they put a couch in it, what did they think was gonna happen?
She sneered and pushed past him, heading to hers and Clint's room to hide and push her feelings aside as much as she could. Tony blocked her.
Tony and Steve smiled. "We still want you go. Moving around a lot can be really stressful, and sometimes it can help to have someone to just listen to you."
Tony pulled the car into the garage. After closing his eyes and taking a deep breath, he turned to look at Dean...who apparently hadn't noticed their arrival.
"These are your phones now. Do whatever you'd like with them. If for whatever reason you need to leave us, the phones will go with you." Steve assured the brothers.
"My name is Loki, I am sixteen and I have only just moved to America," the teen replied both confidently and diplomatically.
Popping open the glove compartment, he was met with the notable absence of fake IDs and the hand pistol, but the cassettes were exactly where dad left them.
“Sam told me he was used to taking care of you, Dean. Not only your fever but your injuries. How does he know how to treat injuries? I know the doctors don’t think he knows about your abuse, but I think he knows something,” Steve told his son softly.
Pain on his lower left arm: bruise from where the hunter saved his neck and pulled him out of the way; no treatment required.
"No, dad, I did not mean council in that regard. My teammates and I were talking after practice, and they were speaking of a woman in such vulgar terms. I do not understand why they did this? Women are such beautiful and wonderful beings, why would they talk of her this way? Is it an American custom I have yet to be introduced to?" Thor looked to his family in confusion, completely unaware of the situation he just described.
The teen sighed and dropped his head to his chest. "I miss him too kiddo," he whispered. Dean placed a hand on his brother's back and began absent-mindedly rubbing in soothing circles.
Loki looked to be analyzing the teen, looking for any hint of a lie. "And I am expected to do the same?"
"Oh I bet Steve's rim jobs are heavenly. Or should I say naughty. He ever open you up with his tongue and use only his spit as thrust into you? Bet you call him daddy."
Unfazed, the man, Mr. Wilson, took back his hand and continued to read the file. "The police found you and your brother at a motel a few miles from here. Is it just the two of you?" Mr. Wilson questioned. Dean has to admit, either he's one hell of an actor, or he actually gives a crap about the answer.
"We know that things haven't exactly been easy since bringing Sam and Dean in, and we want to make sure everyone is still okay," Steve explained further.
"We're not going to hurt Sam. Ever." Steve carefully explained. "And neither will we ever hurt you." Dean snorted as he sat up.
"Oh shoot, I have to go pick up the kids from school!" Steve looked at his phone and shut off the reminder.
This was the reason that Dean didn't just take Sam and run. Mr. Wilson was truely a good man that believed in the two of them with his entire heart. It wasn't his fault that they kept getting stuck with the worst kind of humans.
"Hold on," Tony interrupted. "You're retired. Why are you bringing this to us? How do you know so much about this?"
"That's why you have a couple weeks to think, darling, to get everything straightened out in that head of yours." Steve gave the boy a small smile.
"Hey, no it's no ones fault. I think it was just a lot happening a little too fast and too loud for him. Tony is the best one to help calm him down so I'm guessing the two went to Bruce's room for a bit." Steve gave Dean his reassurance.
"You mean we have to put on underwear?" Tony shout-whispered, laughing at Dean's face as he disappeared back through the doorway.
Sleeping without Steve was nothing short of torture, and the engineer had his fair share of torture throughout his life. And then there were the nightmares when he did manage to sleep at all.
"Okay, baby, okay," the genius shushed, running his hands through Steve's hair to calm him some more. "Why don't you lay down for me, huh? Let me see my gorgeous husband on our million-dollar bed."
Reluctantly, Tony stood and found his own seat. “Okay. I think it’s time for a family meeting. All in favour?”
“I know.” Steve interrupted. “Call Dr. Cho and start the car.” The burly man carefully picked the teen up from his bed and cradled him close to his chest.
“Trust me. You want something in there if you start puking again,” Tony pushed. “Dry heaving? Ten times worse!” He waited a moment more before accepting that Dean wasn't going to move, then set the glass back on the nightstand. “You’re really not doing too great, huh? How many of those tablets did you take yesterday?”
"A whole program? Tones, are you sure? It's gonna be a lot of work. Okay, that's not too bad then. You're incredible, you know that right? What did I say on our first date, huh? 'If any one man could change the world, it would you.'"
"Now, Dean," Steve placed a hand on his shoulder as he looked him dead in the eye, "how do you know she really wanted it? What did she say or do to tell you she wanted it?"
“You’ve been watching way too much Harry Potter there, Hermionie,” Dean laughed at his brother’s antics.
The door to the library opened a few moments later and Tony made his way to the table, sitting beside his husband. Steve reached for his husband and the two held hands as Steve spoke once more.
At least, that’s what he tried to do. In reality, he groaned and lifted his hand about an inch or two off the bed, before feeling his side burn and dropping his hand back down.
if it meant making you smile, just once. You, Steve Stark, are the love of my life, and I couldn't be prouder to call you my husband."
Shooting a nervous glance to Steve, Tony rested his elbows on the table and made sure he had Dean’s full attention. “There is one more thing I want us to talk about, Dean. How much do you remember from when you were feverish?”
"Now that everyone's had a chance to calm down, I think we should talk a little more about what happened yesterday when you get home." The man looked over Dean for a moment then said, "You don't need to worry, nothing bad is going to happen. I just want to make sure you're okay. Okay?"
Dean, in response, scoffed and crossed his arms. "You mean other than the fact that I just came back from my father's funeral?"
“I know you do your best, Dean.” Sam gave the teen a look that Dean couldn’t quite decipher. “And I really appreciate it.”
"Ste—" Tony began to complain before the other man chose that moment to push in, getting almost the entire digit in before feeling resistance.
Rufus wrote down the number from memory and returned the pen. "I really hope you find him, Dean. He's a bastard, but no kid deserves to be without a dad."
“That day is for presents!” Clint screamed from across the room. He and his siblings came in carrying even more boxes labelled “Holidays”.
The man was stunned for a moment, just looking at the back of the boy’s head in awe, before shaking his head and noticing the lump under the covers of Dean’s bed. “Dean? You okay?”
"So we'll talk to them." Steve turned to Phil. "Can you stay? I'm sure the kids are gonna have questions. If they're okay with it, what do you say my love?" The soldier pleaded with his eyes to his husband. Tony rolled his eyes and threw up his hands.
"Because we love you and we want you to be the best person you can be," Tony replied without blinking. "And to do that, you need to learn from your mistakes and understand how to break unhealthy patterns. That means hard discussions sometimes, kiddo."
Steve gave his family a huge smile. "Thank you, guys. You have no idea what that's going to mean to him."
"Sam, I need you to let go of Dean so I can make sure he's really okay and not just being a macho man." Steve was smiling as he helped Sam off the older teen. "Sam, Clint, why don't the two of you start your homework?"
"I don't. Need. To breathe." Nat's red, sweat-soaked hair clung to her face as she furiously punched the bag.
"You took me in because of my brother, and I appreciate it, I do, but you can stop pretending now. It'll just be easier on everyone," Loki responded, matter of factly, wrapping his arms around himself in a sort of makeshift hug.
“Well, to be honest usually we know it worked because the ghost is here trying to stop us, but the entire property has been ghost proofed, so we probably won’t know for sure until you go somewhere, like school.”
"That's fine, love," Tony smiled. "Although I think we should plan out some talks with the kids this week."
Steve stared at the letter with a smile of pure adoration as he traced the handwritten letters with his fingertips.
He paused, once again staring at his hands. "I never realized how much I was missing until I had it. I never realized how much kids need to hear certain things from their parents."
"Steve? Can I try?" Dean's voice was small, interrupting the man. Steve nodded and gestured for Dean to go ahead.
"Dean," Jody spoke once the teen went quiet. "That was an amazing discovery about yourself, and I am so proud of you for making it."
"I assume dad and yourself enjoyed your night very much after we returned to our beds?" Thor smirked as he served his papa.
“Ah,” Steve responded and leaned back against the sofa, the two of them waiting in silence for the other to speak. After a minute or two, the man stood up, moved the coffee table away from the sofa and knelt in front of his son.
He pulled back just enough to look Dean in the eye. “Don’t you ever do that again! You get hurt? You tell us. Doesn’t matter how you got hurt; you will never get in trouble for needing medical assistance. Understood?”
Dean froze. That must be Steve's 'Captain' voice. If he didn't know he was in the army before, no doubt now. The boy looked at the grown men, gaging their reactions. Steve was angry. Shit. Tony looked like he was gonna be sick. Interesting.
“Aren’t you gonna ask me about why I didn’t tell anyone I was hurt? Where I got the codeine from? How I’m doing after my dad died? Me drinking the other night? I know Steve and Tony tell you everything,” the teen slumped in his chair, resigned to his fate of an uncomfortable hour listening to how ‘
"I meant in the argument, you little shit!" The teen threw a pillow at his giggling brother. "Plus, Nat would give even dad a run for his money. That girl's scary."
"Hey, it's okay. Like we said yesterday, we have all the time in the world," Steve assured the teen, giving him a warm smile. "However, there is another thing I'd like to talk to you about." The soldier leaned casually against the counter while giving Dean a teasing look. "Your birthday is coming up."
"Why would you do this, Dean? There was no record of drugs in your file. We did everything we were supposed to, we've handled every obstacle you've thrown at us, but this?! Why the fuck would you do drugs?!" Tony was borderline yelling at Dean as he drove them back to the house.
Dean tried to think of another option, but only one came to mind. Leaving the bathroom, Dean grabbed his laptop from his desk and settled in to do some research.
Loki knew how to be sneaky, which is why his gym teacher had never caught him slipping out of class a few minutes early every day to shower before the other guys arrived. The teens looked at him funny when he'd be lacing up his shoes when they themselves had just walked into the locker room, but no one would get close enough to the boy to question it.
Sam studied the man intently, then dropped his head, lost in thought once more. “Yeah...I think so. But what if he’s mad at me?” The boy looked younger than his ten years as he stared up at his oldest foster brother for guidance, big brown eyes completely trusting.
Steve, who was seated on Dean’s other side, placed a hand on the boy’s knee. “Dean, darling, I know you’re nervous, but you have to relax. Everything is fine, you’re completely safe.”
“I know what it is, you imbecile,” Loki snapped, interrupting. He reached out to put it into the fireplace, but stopped, bringing it back to his chest.
"They also refused to be separated. Apparently on threats of violence and disappearance if their case worker even suggests it. There aren't any other places that will take the two of them, you two are their only shot."
Sighing dramatically, Tony lightly bit Steve's ear in defiance before resting his head on the man's shoulder.
“Hey,” Steve reached across the table to lightly grasp the boy’s hand. “Don’t you dare apologize for being hurt. Tony has more than enough money, and we wouldn’t dream of asking you to pay any bill. The only thing we’re upset about is the fact that you needed to go to the hospital in the first place!”
The teen opened the driver’s side door and sat in the cab, reaching for the envelope sitting above the steering wheel.
Cowering in the corner, Clint watched with wide eyes as more blood pooled around his sister's feet, silent tears tracking down his face. "Is he okay?"
"No," Dean looked up, confused. "That's what we do for each other. I'd do the same thing for Bruce, Nat, and Thor."
Sam thought hard for a moment. "Okay, what are your boundaries, Dean?" he asked in the most serious expression the eleven-year-old could muster.
The rest of the visit went smoothly and Sam and Clint even gave delicate hugs to their new uncle before they left, and Steve could tell that, although his best friend was exhausted, this was the happiest the POW had been since waking up.
"What if he asks about things from before?" he finally asked. "I'm not telling him what really happened. Not with the foster parents, and not from before that."
“It doesn’t matter if they’re better than the ones you’ve had, if they hurt you once, it’s too many.” The man tried to explain to the distraught child.
Tony gave Dean a 'check yourself' look before answering his son. "A lot of men don't have the respect of women that you do Thor. Unfortunately they see women as an object that they can use instead of the people that they are. That's where that kind of talk comes from, from that place of thinking that they're better than someone else."
“You’re brilliant, you know?” Steve pauses. “The way you think—you see something the rest of us can’t. We have to go on faith.”
Steve releases Tony once they’ve made their way to a park and lets him put his shoes on. He holds out a bottle of sunscreen. Tony stares at the bottle, then meets Steve’s gaze.
Tony turns. He studies the crack around the doorframe with interest, then Steve when the man manages to clear the doorway on his second attempt. He gives Tony a sheepish smile.
“Tony here is going to be working on getting you back to your own time,” Fury continues, giving Tony a warning glare.
Tony had nothing to do with this and any footage JARVIS might have saying otherwise is stashed away behind a firewall and three security codes, hidden on a drive labeled risotto.
Because it is just a few hours. The device is close to ready. They’re taking a break while Tony runs some calculations through a computer.
“Uh huh,” Steve says, still unconvinced as they leave the tent. “What’s that one?” he asks, nodding at the pink, yellow, and blue stripes adorning Tony’s cheek.
“Worldly, wise, and beautiful woman. Who will be getting a raise once I’m back.” Tony pauses. “You’re the only one I hired, you know. Rumlow and Barton were orders from on high.”
“Oh,” she says. “Well. I suppose a war bonds sales circuit is the best prep work for handling StarkIndustries investors and charity functions. Which you will be attending with Tony once you’re both ready to go public with your relationship.”
Eventually, Tony excuses himself with the pretense of getting a pitcher of water for them and enlists Pepper’s help.
“Come on, you two, the Accords aren’t the problem,” Nat says loudly, her voice echoing through the tense silence as the two teams of Avengers face off. “Your idiot egos are keeping you apart; you two just need to bone.”
Steve grips Tony’s hips and rolls, pinning Tony underneath him. “I’m the boss, I thought? And you just pay for everything?”
“Didn’t seem like you’d be in Tony’s workshop. Not when he’s playing Black Sabbath that loudly anyway.”
Steve kicks off his pants and nearly goes over the other side when his foot gets tangled. He lets loose a string of swears that are so detailed, they make Tony gasp with laughter.
“Did you go to war because you thought it was your duty or did you go to war because you wanted your death to mean something? Lay down on a wire so the other guy makes it home, instead of dying slowly in a factory. Trade your life, with its dwindling time, for someone who could live longer if the war wasn’t a shadow over the world.”
The return to the Tower is awkward, and that, Tony decides firmly, is like saying Bruce has a slight temper or Steve merely dislikes those advertisements that play when you walk by. Thor has begun to tell them about the Valkyries, presumably as a way to reassure Steve that Thor does not think Steve is any less capable of a fighter now.
He tries to stay inside. Learns how to blend in when he has to leave his apartment. Tries to ignore the scream that wants to claw out of his chest on the worst days.
He hears Steve’s familiar gait approach and stop just behind him. They’ve developed a routine over this crash-course team bonding: Tony lets Steve in, Steve observes for a few minutes before asking questions. It’s a handy approach, especially once Steve decoded Tony’s diagrams and—even better—figured out how to add annotations. Tony has a pretty good idea of what Steve might need, but he’s not the one wearing the uniform or tossing around the shield.
“Maybe. You and me first.” Steve frowns, disappearing into his own head. “There are things you need to know. I should have told you after SHIELD fell, but I wanted to be sure.”
Liz shakes themselves. “Oh. Yes, this is our first day—we’re still setting up.” She pauses. “We open in a few hours, if you’d like to come back.”
“If you’re anything like me, just the thought of paperwork gives you hives. Probably why I’m kept on as a consultant with no bureaucratic influence or responsibilities.”
There is a howl of rage from somewhere above him and a crack of thunder so loud, Tony nearly takes his thumb off with a saw. He’s up the stairs and almost collides with Nat coming around a corner, Steve on her heels. Nat is pulling on her Widow Bites, otherwise in jeans, a t-shirt, and socks. Tony has his left gauntlet and a stripped down version of the suit’s display, covering one side of his face. Steve, bafflingly, carries a baseball bat.
“What? Personally, I think the team probably needs to know that Loki made a pretty strong play for you back there.”
Steve lets this sink in. It didn’t occur to him that not talking about his relationships could feel like that.
Steve’s fingers are desperate in their movements over Tony’s armor. He is also, Tony realizes, muttering curses under his breath.
Steve is quiet for a long moment, then: “How about you come talk to me when you’re ready to start acting like the genius you claim to be?”
Tony glares and Steve glares back, his jaw clenched. There’s no winning an argument with him, not in this mood.
Also, inconveniently, turns out Steve’s Hydra-fighting, film-poster good looks are exactly what Tony would like to wake up to each morning. Wouldn’t be the first time Tony was hopelessly gone over someone out of his league, but he thinks Crush on National Icon might be his best/worst work yet.
Tony lays back on Steve’s bed, tugs Steve over him. Steve nuzzles up the line of Tony’s throat, tucking his nose behind Tony’s ear. Steve takes deep, determinedly even breaths as he lets his hands learn the planes of Tony’s body, the angles he knows so well by sight. He dreamed, once, of taking Tony to bed after a battle, how Steve could make Tony forget the rest of the world for a time, given the chance. He’d put that all away in a tightly-sealed box after Steve learned what Bucky’d been forced to do, only let himself peek inside during those worst nights on the run. Sometimes, Steve thinks he could have stopped Tony from making Ultron, if only Tony could see Earth already had her armor with them together.
About halfway through the movie, when their plates have been cleared away, Steve slides off the couch as if it’s an afterthought and presses open Tony’s knees.
Special thanks to Wreck who reminded me JARVIS exists (LOL), which solved like three of my plot problems.
They won’t win against Thanos without great cost, even if Nat was already too high a price paid. The red in their ledger spills out.
“Helped saved New York,” Steve corrects with a look. “And not the one who carried a bomb through a portal.”
“Look, who’s better equipped to determine if you have a sulk face or not?” Tony asks, spreading his arms. “You, who only sees your face once or twice a day, or me, who’s looking at that handsome mug on the regular? Trust me, Steve. You’ve got a sulk face.”
The way Steve looks at him tells Tony he hasn’t fooled Steve. When Steve's attention shifts to Howard, Tony watches the steel go into him. He hates this Steve, the one from films and who was all resolve and staunchness. The Steve who would never draw the Avengers as the Scooby-Doo gang and submit the comic to the
“Oh, Steve, there you are,” Pepper says, rushing over. “I’ve had a note from one of our last bachelors. He can’t make the auction. I have something else to take care of—would you mind giving Tony this note for me?”
Steve gives him an arch grin. He rests his palm gently on Tony’s chest, the curve between thumb and forefinger just below the arc reactor, and leans in to kiss him slow and quiet. The goddamn tease. Tony wraps whatever limbs he can around Steve and yanks, feeling Steve laugh into his mouth as he gives in, collapsing on top of Tony.
Steve is content to sit at the bar and watch Tony. He’s a natural on stage, his bright-eyed gaze, wide grin, and contagious enthusiasm. How he makes a person feel like they’re worth his time and attention, even in a crowd like this. Occasionally, his eyes find Steve in the back of the room and Tony’s gaze goes soft for just a moment. Just for Steve.
There’s some kind of response. He strolls into Steve’s room and to the bathroom tucked in the back. Steve stands at the wide counter of the vanity, a pile of gauze, bandages, and anti-septic in front of him. He’s still in his uniform’s undershirt, but everything else has been stripped or swapped for sweatpants. There’s a slash of dark across Steve’s back, the blast burned deep.
Tony notes the jeans are rolled to ankle-length and praises the fashion gods for the timeless classic of boyfriend jeans.
“Well, Mr. Stark, you’ve created quite a stir around here,” Fury says. “Not much that can make my agents lose their heads and forget hours of expensive government-level training.”
Steve blinks a few times and Tony watches his eyes go distant in the way they do when he’s cycling a battle scenario in his head. After a moment, he smiles faintly.
The sight of Steve Rogers, aka Captain America, the Sentinel of Liberty, choking on his coffee and spitting half of it down his front is a memory Tony decides he will treasure forever.
“Hmm,” is Steve’s reply. He joins Tony in the kitchen area and pours himself a cup of coffee. “Hope you didn’t go to any trouble.”
“Yeah,” Steve replies. “I think the tuck turn is really going to prove useful against Loki’s next invasion.”
“I have not,” Loki replies, offended. “I read it perfectly, and I’ve heard your Middle English. Your accent is atrocious.”
JARVIS, begin recording. High security protocol 5-93-WM. Voice print identification and password required to access this file. Keep it on the cloud and off all storage devices associated with the Usher Foundation.
Tony snaps back to the screen. Howard looks right into the security cameras SHIELD had been so sure he wouldn’t see and smirks. “Yep, that is definitely what’s happening.”
(“Don’t want to drop you five years into the Cold War,” Tony had said absently with a quirked smile and Howard had glanced past him to where Steve was standing, arms folded, eyes closed in resignation. “Not that…you should remember I said that.”
Tony grins, and Steve tucks his chin against his chest, breathing through the sudden flutter he feels just under his sternum.
Steve nods. “You know, I knew folks in the 40s who walked their own paths. The decent thing to do was stay on yours if no one was botherin’ you.”
“Hi,” he says. “My friend Steve is going to come over on his break in ten minutes. How much for whatever he wants?”
“Thor is a literal god who first got tossed to Earth because he wanted to start an interplanetary war.”
“That’s Iron Man. Not Tony Stark.” At Steve’s confusion, he continues. “Separate personas. Easy for them to compartmentalize and print rumors if they keep it that way. You, on the other hand… never much of a secret identity. And with all those old newsreels, people will want an update.”
Not for the first time, Tony wonders how he managed to grow (eventually) into a relatively well-adjusted adult who:
Tony’s landing is more of a half-crash at the rendezvous point, his piloting skills frayed to hell after maneuvering through hunks of Sokovia hail. Steve sees him first from where he stands on a large boulder, the setting sun catching the star on his chest, spilling over his face streaked with ash and dirt.
The woman blinks. “Oh…no, thank you, I’m not part of this,” she replies lightly and strides past them to the nametags.
His stomach sinks. The creep laughs. Steve watches himself stoop. The music increases suddenly—a voice belts,
Tony wonders how to begin, now that they’re on Topic 4: Your Friend Isn’t Actually Dead instead of where Tony had hoped to start (Topic 1: Everything Is Fine!) He scrambles to come up with something to diffuse Howard’s anger before it settles in for the long haul.
“HYDRA. Like as in the Nazi alien sciences fringe group that traded in conspiracy theories like a glowing alien cube with unlimited power?”
“Don’t worry about it, kid,” Howard had replied. “Share anything about this little side trip, I’m sure to be locked up for my own good.”)
Bucky winked at Steve as he finished the story. Jean taught Steve more than card games--a few years before the war, Jean took Steve and Bucky to an annual drag ball. Neither of them talked about it now, not even how Steve had gotten some liquid courage in him and kissed Bucky in a dark alley until they were both dizzy. It became too risky. Instead, it was a wink or a crooked smirk that kept off the silence, let Steve remember again the dark purple lipstick smudged in the hollow of his throat.
“I want to win sometimes, you know,” Tony replies because Steve makes him spar without the suit. “You need to be able to fight without it,” Steve had insisted. “In case it goes down and you’re cut off from us.”
“Aside from hurling your father back through time without accidentally wiping more than just a few photographs and defending the Earth?” Steve shrugs. “Free as a bird.”
This chapter's a little sadder.  CW for street harassment and body dysphoria for both Project Rebirth and the spell.
The first photograph turns up a few days after Steve calls the team meeting, splashed across the front of a tabloid that’s recently decided its sole beat is the Avengers.
Inside, they check in at a card table where the volunteer—a woman in her late 20s with lipstick Peggy would’ve loved—almost succeeds in hiding her surprised recognition.
“Well,” Banner says across their comms from where he’s monitoring the fight in the quinjet. “That’s probably not good.”
Steve brushes off the team’s questions about the hit he took and disappears as soon as they’re back at the Tower.
The Steve Howard knew in ’45 knew how to fight, but he didn’t know how to ask for what he wanted. This Steve does. Howard didn’t expect he’d be relieved by this knowledge.
Steve hmms in acknowledgment and sits at the breakfast bar. He’s stripped down to the basics of his uniform, hair sticking up at random angles and a prominent set of creases on his face that suggest Steve fell into bed face-first and didn’t move for hours.
“Think we should be worried about a sudden band of severe thunderstorms in the area?” Tony asks Steve under his breath.
Thor nods, mulling this over. “I know something of this. I was raised to be a king, my life’s work to rule over Asgard after my father made his journey to Valhalla. Loki, too, twice over—as Asgardian and Frost Giant both, yet the latter was kept from him. Ignored. He remembers our childhood differently than I: that he was mere shadow to me.” Thor pauses for a long moment. “I never knew what unspoken pain he carried. You saw what it did to him.”
In the weeks after Howard’s intensive-therapy-inducing visit, Tony keeps waiting for a change. A memory that wasn’t his before to appear suddenly or Steve vanishing and another Steve two decades older walking into the workshop to (re)introduce himself. Maybe several boxes of his debut science fiction novel,
“Shield’s with my gear,” he says, catching Tony’s look as they run towards the rec room. “Don’t worry; I could always hit Bucky’s fast balls.”
“I’ll have to speak to Happy about the ventilation in there,” Pepper says, plucking at her blouse and fanning herself with it. “If there’s a problem with the vents, it could damage the entire HVAC system, and I don’t want to think about late summer in DC without climate control.”
It’s going well at first. They work together like an actual team, Steve calling out orders and flexing his improvisational skills. They take down whatever creatures Loki has recruited—created? summoned? They’re vaguely animal shaped and give off a distinctively demonic vibe. Steve picks off the last one, and that’s when Loki splits into several, a half-ring surrounding them.
Just as well. He dented it during the last mission, shouldering Tony out of path of a very large tree.
It’s only a handful of seconds before the first of the fastenings on Steve’s uniform are undone and there’s more of that glorious throat Tony has very recently started to fantasize about licking. Tony presses his nose into the hollow of Steve’s throat and takes great joy in how Steve shivers at the scrape of his beard.
“I don’t like it,” Tony says, watching Pepper stroll away. “How do I know this isn’t some grand scheme the two of you have been planning all along to keep me in line?”
“I can see the headlines now,” Clint announces, sweeping a hand through the air. “Rogers and Stark purchase a house together, commit to avenging full time. Rogers and Stark platonically married: how the two best friends decided to pool their resources for a brighter tomorrow. Rogers and Stark: no homo.”
“You know,” Steve murmurs from where he’s tucked his nose against Tony’s bare thigh, Tony’s hand still clutched in his hair. “I think these movies are starting to grow on me.”
“There you all are,” Clint says when Tony and Steve step onto shared floor. “We got back too late for the call, but that was nearly an hour ago and—what the hell?” He blinks a few times. “Nat, I thought you said I didn’t have a concussion.”
“Yeah, well,” Tony shrugs. “As delightful as watching you and Howard trade war stories would have been…”
This Rogers knew Howard Stark personally, worked with him, and literally carries with him the benefits of Howard’s work in defense technology. Tony expected an excuse for Howard. He expected that a national hero who slept for 70 years and woke to a world that had kept on stumbling forward would cling to nostalgia or any thread of his past. This Rogers looks at Tony Stark and sees just the man in front of him, as he is. No shadow of Howard Stark.
“Well, you might be right,” Howard allows. “Sometimes I think Phillips gave him the Howling Commandos because he knew Steve would never follow anyone’s orders.”
Four things happen at once: the door crashes in, followed by a canister of tear gas; Tony snatches up his bag; and Carter hauls Tony further into the safe house. He’s too busy shielding his face to argue with Carter manhandling him. Carter shoulders open the door Tony swears was locked and pushes Tony inside.
“You know.” Tony shrugs, sliding his hands in his pockets. “The we-might-die-in-the-morning one last hurrah.”
Avengers in attendance does mean more publicity for the charity and likely higher bids, which is why Pepper only sighs when she sees them walk in.
“Have you seen it?” She continues. “I hear it’s around here somewhere. Big-ass defensive shield in the way, though.”
“Why does it matter, Tony?” Steve asks and he looks bone-tired. “What’s the use of dragging up old ghosts?”
“Well, you know, the Eisenstaedt photograph. The one in Times Square on V-J Day of the sailor and dental assistant. With the”—Tony pretends to dip someone. “Don’t tell me we’ve got seven decades of photography to cover, too.”
(“You made me the Mystery Machine? That’s rude, Rogers. You know, just for that, no new punching bags for a month.”
There’s another silence. All Tony wanted was to escape and to rescue Yinsen, then mitigate his past sins with some justice when he emerged from the desert 1 for 2. Now all of this: he’s a superhero, in conversation with the first superhero who is back from the dead to crack open the box where Tony has stuffed all his childhood trauma and self-loathing. And yeah, okay, so it’s not the most secure box, but you never touch a box you don’t recognize—that’s how shit goes wrong in stories.
Before the invention and widespread use of the printing press, people hired scribes to make copies of their work. Some scribes were excellent at their trade, others...were not. Bad handwriting and variations in spelling abound and when a manuscript is old enough and/or exposed to too much sun, it fades. In some fonts (like Times New Roman), there’s a notch on the long s similar to a lowercase f. Still, the notch is thin enough that a scribe and/or god of mischief who weren't careful enough might mistake it for a lowercase l.
“A Steve bot. To satisfy your pining. Which, by the way, is really starting to cut into team morale. No one’s winning the betting pool and we’ve already reset it twice.”
“It scared me shitless.” Tony stumbles over the words. “When Nat called to say you were in the hospital. I didn’t think that was even possible.”
“It’s mine, too, you know.” Steve sighs. “Never thought I’d say this, but what if he gets back and pulls me out of the ice too early?”
It really is a shame Clint hates the song so much since it’s such a popular one on their communal playlists.
“Yes, I’m sure I haven’t been shot,” Howard snaps. “I’ve had the pleasure of that experience before. Are you planning to answer my question?”
expression before following his gaze to Bruce and Nat. He closes his eyes again. “Care to be more specific?”
He was always too late. Too late to save Bucky. Too late to love Peggy. Too late to fix him and Tony. He spent his whole life dwelling on the past and missing what he could do if he took the last step.
"And I'm in a committed relationship. I just would like to clear something up from your perspective." Now, Steve didn't know exactly what angle Tony was getting at, but he knew for a fact that Rebecca would leave them alone if Tony got his way. Tony was, after all, very smart.
Tony takes a deep breath in, clenching his teeth. "It's been 70 years. Neither do you." He turns to grab his jacket from where he had draped it on a chair. "I'm going to get some air."
There was no cutting the wire this time. "Ironman." Tony snaps, a moment of deafening silence crashing around them. Right before his eyes, the army turns to dust. Finally finally Thanos turn to dust as well. He was gone. Tony did it. Tony stumbles forward and falls back into the ground. Rhodey finds him first, falling to his knees in front of Tony. He cups his cheek and Tony musters a small smile.
Steve sits next to her, grinning. "Doesn't this feel too easy to you?" The ship flies up towards the expanses of space as they sit.
Well, Pepper gets the beautiful chocolate cake (sans-frosting) smeared on her nose, as does James, who Tony tells him is actually called Rhodey, and all's well that ends well. "Have I told you how pretty you look yet?" Steve asks, holding a glass of champagne and leaning on a pillar near the outskirts of the ballroom.
With a measurable amount of effort, Steve tears his eyes away from Tony to scan the other people there. More and more people were filling into the massive ballroom, but the only one that surprises him is Wanda, on the arm of Victor, smiling up at him. He had known she was going to a wedding, but if he had known it was going to be this one, he would've never come. She could easily have delivered the cake.
First up, they went canoeing. It had seemed like the kind of weird outdoorsy shit Steve would be into, and god was he. He spent most of the ride actually rowing while Tony laid his head in Steve's lap, just talking and talking. Steve's smile didn't falter once, as he stared down at Tony, sometimes putting the paddle to rest in favor of running his hands through curly brown hair.
"And.. look out for Tony. He's really important to the future," she adds, taking a fry off Steve's plate.
Whatever the fuck that meant. Yeah, there would be a long conversation later. "Not to interrupt your r&r, but you should change if we're gonna go get your friends," Tony says, tossing back a pair of pants and an AC DC tee shirt. It wasn't mandatory, but a vast majority of quinjets had at least one pair of clothes on them, because they all came with some picked out by Tony. Another perk of being a tech giant, you can force good fashion sense onto others.
"Holy fuck." She says, staring at him wide eyed. "I mean, I guess I should've known that he wasn't kidding, but really, holy shit. I thought you were dead. How do you know me? Who are you?" She directs the last statement at Steve and Tony decides he likes her. Smart, fast thinker... not unlike Tony in that.
Bucky jabs a finger into Tony's side. "You might be ok with them calling you a cheater or a whore or whatever, but we're not."
Steve finishes frosting the cupcakes, a deep purple color in curling petal designs, and sets them in a box, a content smile on his face. He had his friends, and soon he would be seeing Tony again, even if that held equal parts guilt and excitement.
Three days later, Howard returns from California in a flurry, although maybe that was just what Howard was like. "Steve, do you still want to have dinner with Peggy?" He says, peering around Maria's shoulder from where she was hugging him. "She's in town for the next week." Peggy has been busy or out of town for nearly a year now. Steve supposed the Director of SHIELD would be a busy person, but given the fact that not even she knew he was back, she could just be avoiding Howard.
It takes six months for them to fall in love. After that, stretched a period of bliss. Of course things still went wrong, botched missions, kidnappings, attempted murders, injuries, nightmares, fights, screaming. Yet, they both seemed to agree that it was better to handle things together than apart.
He would like to think that the look on Tony's face is hurt, but that was surely his twisted mind playing tricks on him. "Can I have a cake box?" He asks quietly, stepping away from the counter. Steve sets the box on the counter, then ducks into the back room, trying to calm his beating heart. He was a terrible person. Steve was a terrible person. He kissed a man who was trying to buy his wedding cake. Never in his life, would he have thought himself capable of something so terrible. Something so inherently wrong. When he gets himself back under control and peeks around the door he finds nobody, only an empty bakery with several sample cakes abandoned at an empty booth. He picks up the slip of paper left on the counter, finding a check for... no, there was no way that was right. Three thousand dollars? Three thousand dollars. What the hell?
She snorts, but crouches down next to him. This was their only mission here, there was largely no reason for them to try and do anything. Soon enough, this time stream would be on the exact same path it had been on before. Their actions here were so small  that there was no point in meddling. They could try and stop the Avengers from splitting up, but at this point, there was no reason to do that.
Steve, for what it's worth, adapts quickly, closing his lips around the digit and sucking gently. "-Ony," he says through the thumb. "Eed yhr bick. Pease." Tony trails his thumb down, letting it catch on Steve's lower lip.
The following day had been the first time he chickened out of going to see Tony. He decided not to because he knew for a fact that Tony didn't want to see him. They had had the funeral, but Tony hadn't said a word to him. Steve had even been invited to Tony and Pepper's wedding, only about a week after the funeral, but he suspected he had only been invited as a courtesy, because still, not a single word from Tony.
Eventually he brings himself to rejoin the conversation, but it's not the same. It never is. Then Peggy and Daniel leave, Howard and Maria take Tony upstairs, and Steve collapses weakly onto the bed. "You'll wrinkle your clothes," Natasha says, rubbing his back.
Tony walks back into the compound, straight towards the lab, where the iron gauntlet was sitting, just waiting to hold the power of the universe.
Tony has half the mind to flip Bucky off, but instead he settles for resting his head on Steve's shoulder. "Next time, I'd recommend calling Tasha," Steve says quietly. Next time.
"Come on boys!" She shouts from down the hall and well... they'd be stupid to disobey a direct order like that.
"I'm assuming you're not watching the news? I can have the whole thing taken care of, but I suspect it will do little at this point." Tony bounds down the stairs towards the living room, blabbering on in a way that was familiar in Steve's complete loss at the topic.
His lips tilt up into a smirk, and he opens his mouth to say something presumably very suggestive, but they're interrupted by a voice Steve know. "Uncle Tony.. I hope I'm not interrupting," Victor says, clearly very aware that he was interrupting.
"Not true. J told me it was you. Are you gonna come over and kiss me now, or what." Tony smiles sweetly, spreading his legs.
Tony wraps the gauze around him slowly, watching every twitch of his face. "Oh yeah big guy? What's the first." He can't help the tiny smile that sneaks it's way onto his face.
Victor rolls his eyes. "Thank you, oh gracious one. Pep and Rhodey are sitting down, I'm pretty sure that means you have things to do Tony."
"I also need a sports broadcast from 1943 or earlier and a fake hospital room that looks like it's in the 40's."
"I'm going to go talk to Bucky now, and I just want to make sure nobody up there is going to punch me." Her eyes flicker between Tony and Steve for a moment. "I'm sorry, are you Tony Stark? You look awfully like him."
Those two weak syllables were all Tony needed to hone in on Steve's location, drawing nearer with every step. There was the shield—he picks it up as he's walking, slinging it over his own shoulders, because what kind of a team would they be if he couldn't hold Steve's shield—and there was Rogers, sitting up against a tree with his head leaned back. "Damnit Rogers, if you ever fall out of a plane again, I'm going to have to beat your ass."
"Steve will you come out back with me." She, at least, has the decency to not look at him like he's useless... even if he is. Her voice isn't exactly angry, but Steve can tell that she doesn't want him near her daughter.
And the award for forgetting to publish the last chapter of ur story because u got wrapped up in a new one goes to... me. Yeah. Definitely me.
"Well try it better," Jemma instructs, peering down at him with her hands around a burnt loaf of bread.
"Oh I'm not, I was going to run by Victor's. Wanda asked me to bring her a dress. Apparently they're going on a date." His voice takes a bit of a mocking tone at the last sentence, but Steve knows that for all his bravado, Pietro actually liked Victor. He was a decent guy from what Steve had seen of him. Very polite. Obviously he had come from money, so Steve had been a bit wary at first, but he did really love Wanda, middle class as she was. "I don't get why she can't come by herself, but who am I to question the mistress."
He spends that night restlessly, only to be woken up by a loud noise at 5:34 in the morning. Steve sits up, his head pounding and his eyes aching. "Hello!" He calls out, already resining himself to being awake today.
"Yes right. I got you this," he holds out the rose. Steve takes it delicately, twirling the rose between his fingers. "Pepper said you would like it , so I don't think you're at serious risk of her killing you anymore."
"A scandal rips through the country as this image circulates through the internet, featuring Tony Stark's Ironman kissing Sargent James Barnes after a mission." Tony's not paying attention to the TV, instead tapping at a tablet, sprawled over both Steve and Bucky's laps. The super soldiers were not so unbothered, both aptly watching as the scandal is covered, even on major news outlets. "This is especially shocking following the announcement that longtime couple, Tony Stark and Steve Rogers, were engaged. A few years ago now, the internet found itself plagued by a very different announcement, that Captain Rogers was gay and had been dating Sargent Barnes during the war. This was followed by thousands shipping Captain Rogers and Mr. Stark due to the obvious assistance Mr. Stark provided Captain Rogers in making his announcement to the public. Months later, they announced their relationship. The nation is thinking of Captain Rogers now with the revelation that his fiancé is apparently cheating on him with his ex boyfriend. In other news..."
