Dean's estimation of the alpha in front of him rises with each word. "Alright, Alpha," and the emphasis on the term isn't lost on the rest of his pack. "Alright. First things first, though, where do you actually live? Cause if it ain't close, this is going to get real awkward, real fast."
Cas shakes his head. “No. Usually, by the time I get to it, it’s already mixed with alcohol, but even then, there’s just… something about it.” Cas cocks his head to the side. “I think more than anything; it’s the taste. The thickness of the drink doesn’t bother me. After all, I love a good boiled custard.”
, likely watching porn alongside the weather forecasts. Cas has no idea how his cousin manages to do three things at once because now, he’s also treating them to a rousing rendition of Eric Clapton’s
Zanna nods, frantic before she turns and pelts up the path, and Castiel turns his attention back to the fight in front of him. He narrows his focus to Dean.
“Yeah. I’m gonna drive to Cincinnati, hook up with my brother and his wife. Crash with them for a while.”
Missouri, apparently, didn't feel the same. "Don't you be snippin' at me, boy. I know it's been a rough few days, but I didn't cause none of this."
Sam chuckles. “It’s a turn of phrase, don’t worry about it.” They make their way into the library, and Sam sucks in a breath at the sight.
Dean blinks at Castiel a few times, then shrugs. "Yeah, man, that would be fine. Just my stuff and Zan's since she tends to stick with me." He turns away, leading the other wolf back toward his little cave. As they walk, Zanna stirs.
“There was no tone, Dean,” Cas says snootily. “Not if you don’t have a problem with being a weatherman.”
more stuff than he'd thought, and Bobby didn't have enough space to display everything in the main store. He did have a few of Dean's smaller pieces, but when they found out the spot next to the store was vacant, Bobby jumped on it. Dean had tried to protest but a glare from the older man shut him up rather quickly.
"Dean, we still got this—no!" Dean grabs Cas around the waist and hauls him to the truck, dragging him into the cab and sliding into the driver's seat, hitting the gas and holding on to Cas as tightly as he can.
They fall silent again until Dean deems his wings done, and Castiel rolls to his feet. He stretches them out as far as they can go in the bedroom, and he gives them a mighty shake, watching the loose feathers come free and fly around the room. He hums in satisfaction and catches all of the stray feathers and deposits them on the bedside table with their brethren. Dean’s eyes are wide as he watches from his perch on the bed.
“To long journeys and happy endings. Sláinte” Garth said loudly, turning to face the rest of the room as well. They all downed their shots happily. Garth approached Dean and threw his arms out. “Oh, you know what’s coming, big guy.” Garth laughed and hugged Dean and Sam tightly.
Finally, Dean broke the kiss and pressed his forehead against Cas’s, struggling to steady his breath and his legs. The two stayed locked in embrace, trembling.
“Dean.” Castiel’s deep voice trembled. Dean opened his eyes and saw Sam gaping and looking over his shoulder. Dean stood and turned. There he stood in his trench coat and tie, as if the Empty had never happened. The two stared at each other, frozen. Their eyes filled with tears and Dean’s hands shook as he rushed to hug Cas. He rested his head on the angel’s shoulder and wept, clutching him like Cas would disappear if he let go. They stood in silence broken only by shuddering gasps of tearful relief. It seemed to be hours before they broke apart reluctantly and even then they stood grasping each other by the shoulders.
Castiel took a half step toward him and set his hand gently on Dean’s arm, looking at him with half-closed eyes.
“Yeah, you can’t ignore that bonus.” They chuckled and settled into a comfortable silence in the glow of the fire and the cool light of the stars, sipping on their beers. After a while, Charlie spoke.
Charlie stood there, smirking at him. He rushed to her and snatched her up, spinning her in circles until she was laughing so hard there were tears in her eyes.
Castiel had done a good job. The bunker was perfect, it looked exactly the same as it had on Earth. Even the names carved into the table and the floor divots from Jack’s knife practice were there.
Dean blinked confused, chewing his food while maintaining intense eye contact with the cook. Once he swallowed and took a drink he began to speak.
He tried several times to put his focus elsewhere but his dick still stood proudly. After much contemplation and hesitation his hand slowly made its way to his leaking cock. The thrill in his stomach shot to his throat making it difficult to regulate his breathing. It had been so long since he had touched himself this way. He’d been a priest for the last two years and if he recalled correctly that was around the last time he gave into desires of the flesh. It never really crossed his mind just how long it had been until he began stroking himself.
Cas watched Dean like he was his prey and Dean felt exposed and vulnerable. Usually he was the predator so this was unfamiliar territory and he wasn't sure how he should be feeling.
Dean grabbed at Castiel's hips as he fucked himself onto him from the bottom which brought sounds from Cas that hinted he was close.
“I can’t be gentle anymore I need to fuck you into this mattress.” A moan was the only response Castiel could give. Dean now had Castiel’s wrists in each hand, using the grip as leverage for thrusting into him unapologetically. Neither seemed to care the loud slapping noises were filling the space of the room or that Castiel was about to shoot out of his abused dick once more. An impressed noise escaped Castiel as he could feel it building from inside.
“There’s a side door to the left of here. I’ll let you in at 9pm. Don’t be late and do be discrete.”
A loud gasp escaped both men as Dean slowly pressed into Castiel’s entrance. “You’re so fucking tight, Cas.” Dean whined, pleasure washing over him as the head finally made it passed the opening. Castiel felt so good. He was warm and tight but mostly welcoming. It took no time for him to relax which was to Dean’s surprise. Castiel was new to this but he knew what felt good so he put both hands on Dean’s ass and gently pressed the other man inside of him until it was just Dean’s hips against Castiel’s thighs and ass. This brought their faces closer together. Dean’s face lit up as those blue eyes swept him in. As he began to softly roll and thrust his hips into Castiel and he saw how wrecked the priest was becoming beneath him.
“You may be the death of me, Dean. But as long as you’re fucking me and loving me I could die and be alright.” Castiel cooed before planting a long kiss on Dean’s lips that was more intimate than lustful like they had been the last several moments.
“You’re mine now.” Dean growled, holding Castiel’s legs firmly against him, nibbling at the sides of his feet, roughly massaging at his thighs.
“If I’m perfect it’s because you made me that way.” Cas breathed as he enjoyed the long thrusts coming from the other man’s hips. Suddenly Dean pulled out and turned Castiel facedown on his mattress. He held Castiel’s wrists in place above his ass with one hand while shoving his face down into the pillows with the other.
“Just let me look at you.” Dean smiled as he ran his left hand down the front of Castiel’s body while nuzzling his neck. Cas let out an involuntary moan as the other man’s breath sent chills down his spine. He could feel Dean’s bulge softly pressing against his hip.
“How do you feel when you’re engaging in these acts with her? Do they make you feel complete or just momentary bliss, just waitinig for the next fix?” Castiel asked doing his best to mask his arousal.
“It’s never too late to confess, my child, God is all forgiving.” Castiel spout in routine. But once this man began to speak and could be seen through the texturized glass, he realized it was the green eyed man sitting in the second row during his sermon. His entire body froze and Castiel was thankful no one could see him.
“I’m just sorry, Castiel. No matter what please know that. Also, know that I’m yours if you ever want me. All you gotta do is call out to me and I’ll be there.” Before Castiel could respond he looked up and Dean had disappeared.
Dean felt a flush of shame as he remembered that moment. Knowing that Castiel had heard him and hadn’t come was so much worse. The tears ran hot down his face but he didn’t make a sound. Cas reached out and touched his face, turning it up.
“Here, let me--” Castiel sat beside him and set to removing the stubborn thing. Their fingers met and Cas felt the breath catch in his chest, but he kept his promise and resisted temptation. Finally, the ornery belt was dropped on the floor and Dean mumbled with contentment, his eyes closing as he sighed. Cas reached out and brushed his fingers across the sleeping man’s brow and softly smiled. He settled into the armchair near the bed and closed his eyes as well, lacing his fingers together. An indescribable peace washed over him as he rested there in the dim lamplight, happily listening to the breathing of the man he loved falling into a gentle slumber.
“I would have burned the gates of heaven and doused the fires of hell to get to you, and Jack knew it, Dean. He clipped my wings, I was furious. I had to tell you.” Cas paused. “I think that’s what made him think to alter time here. He saw how distraught I was without you, wanted to make it easier for others.”
“Dean, don’t speak of it.” She insisted, gesturing dismissively. For a moment he was reminded of Charlie the Queen of Moondoor. “We all go sometime. At least I died for a noble cause, unlike some of us.” Dean was caught off guard but his sorrow quickly turned into violent laughter. Once he caught his breath, he wiped his eyes.
“Please, Dean, forgive me.” Dean tucked his hand against the back of Cas’s neck, holding them close together.
Dean clutched his knees to his chest and rested his head on his knees. The sobbing slowly quieted, making the bunker seem so much larger and emptier. The spinning hit a steady pace and he knew he wasn’t going to be able to hold on much longer. He stood and stumbled to the nearest arm chair, sinking into it with defeat. The room wobbled and he with it, fighting futilely the yawning darkness that was coming for him. With his last drop of consciousness, the plea seemed to burst straight from his chest.
“Me too.” Awkward, he stood and started toward his bathroom. “I’ll… uh… see you later?” Cas took the hint and nodded.
“Do you want to?” Dean stumbled over his thoughts, tried to speak but couldn’t find the words, and fell silent. Cas smiled softly and rubbed the tip of his nose against Dean’s shoulder. “I only want you to feel safe and comfortable, Dean. I’m fine.”
“Come in.” Dean said. Castiel opened the door cautiously and stepped into the room. His brow was wrinkled in thought. Cas started to speak and stopped. He ran his hands through his hair and sighed.
“I’m sure they do.” She replied snarkily. The only acknowledgement Cas gave this was that the tips of his ears turned quite pink. He looked to Dean, brushing off the comment.
Dean wrestled with his thoughts. The whole situation stirred ideas and feelings that made him uncomfortable. He found himself deeply restless and swung out of bed quickly. Dean pulled his jeans back on and shook his head, rushing out of the room and trembling with each step. In the hallway right before the kitchen, his will crumbled and he broke down. Annoyed, agitated, and afraid, he struck out against the tile and immediately felt the sharp swell in his knuckles. He couldn’t stop.
“I mean,” he gestured casually, “I’m ready to go back whenever. It’s not like we don’t have plenty of time to catch up with everyone.” Dean shrugged casually and took a long drink, ignoring Charlie’s slowly growing smirk.
“We were just trying to get away from the crowd in there anyway. Today has been… a lot.” Charlie had her lips pressed so hard together that they were beginning to turn white, her nostrils were flaring and her eyes were about to burst from her head. Castiel took a quick stride and was suddenly very near Dean, almost touching him. Dean couldn’t decide if he wanted to step away from the angel or close the distance immediately. The indecision flushed his face. Then he caught Charlie watching and grinning like the cat who got the canary.
spent months looking for some way…” His voice broke and he stopped, afraid to continue and discover just how mad he was. Castiel’s face fell, and he sat down on the cold floor too.
The thought made his head spin even more than he imagined possible. He took another slug of whiskey straight from the bottle as if the burning liquid would clear his mind of this line of questioning. However, it wouldn’t stop. The dam had broken and as it did, the knot in his chest unravelled with each ragged spluttering gasp. The convulsions turned his stomach and he lurched to his feet, emptying his gut into the big kitchen sink. He clutched the porcelain under his hands so hard he thought it would cut into his fingers. His knees buckled but he held himself up long enough to rinse his mouth before he sank back onto the floor.
Dean thought of the many different moments when he assumed he had been alone, when he believed that he was screaming into the void. Some of them were hazy drunken pleas he could scarcely remember. Others he could remember perfectly well, but that didn’t relieve him either. How much had he said when he was blind with grief and begging?
“I don’t think you do.” Dean replied and his thumb traced Cas’s jaw gently, though his hands shook. To his surprise, his stomach fluttered. He had never considered it before, despite the jokes and jabs others made. Their eyes were locked and it seemed that even time stopped. Castiel reached up and put his hand on Dean’s arm in the same place where he had grabbed him to lift him out of hell.
“Cas… I don’t know where this is going. But that doesn’t mean I want to stop. I just, we have so much time now. We can take this as slow as you want.” Cas looked up into his eyes and Dean nearly jumped in surprise at the intensity of his gaze.
Cas was mesmerized. He could not put to words the emotions that swelled in his heart. Dean rested on the bed, his green eyes heavy-lidded and sleepy and his head settled comfortably in the crook of his arm. Castiel gazed at him, taking in every inch, and wishing that time would stop. Every little part of this vision was somehow both deeply familiar and absolutely new. His ankles crossed, one wool sock covered foot perched upon the other. His worn jeans and old leather belt, which Dean was now trying to take off without actually moving. He fumbled with it lazily and Cas’s eyes burned as he watched the muscles moving under Dean’s soft gray t-shirt and open flannel. He did not seem to be having much luck with the belt.
“I… I like this. I don’t want to stop. I’m just not sure what… I don’t know what I’m ready for.” Cas pulled away a little and ran his fingers through Dean’s hair lovingly before kissing him gently.
“Oh honey, no need to worry I can slip in and out without being seen.” Before the conversation could continue Castiel burst out the door and practically ran to his room. What is he thinking??? The rectory was eerily silent as Castiel let it sink in that for the most part he was alone and going to bring a man into his room to do unspeakable things. There were a couple straggling priests throughout the rectory but none were close to his room.
“Are you ready?” Cas nodded eagerly, biting his lip with anticipation. The suspense was almost too much until he felt Dean’s cold and wet finger against his virgin entrance.
“Last Sunday I was further back in the crowd, I’ve been coming for a while, getting closer each time. I had to jerk off this morning in the shower because I couldn’t stop thinking about you. When I picture you I see your pleading dick at full mast begging to be touched.” Dean let out an aroused sigh. “Then I make my way over to you and grab your cock and stroke it slowly as I stare into those beautiful fucking eyes.” Castiel gasped as his dick rose up against his now tight pants.
He quickly turned Castiel against the wall, pressing his face against the cool shower wall. Castiel could hear Dean working spit up in his mouth and his entrance was suddenly met with a spit soaked finger circling his entrance. “Mmmm.” Castiel moaned as Dean didn’t take a whole lot of time to prep him and a lustful smile brushed his lips. He wasn’t anywhere near fully prepped but the pain and anticipation was killing him and he needed Dean inside of him.
Dean eagerly sucked the blueberry goodness from Cas's finger, causing a gasp to escape from both of them.
“I love you.” They coincidentally whispered at the same time which brought their lips together like magnets. They both seemed to forget all of the trouble they managed to cause for both good and evil within a matter of moments, consequences be damned.
Castiel was unsure what the hell just happened but he wasn’t going to complain. Being abused and used by the hottest guy in school, no fuck that, the hottest guy he’s ever seen… let the entire football team watch, at this point Castiel didn’t care. All he wanted was to be fucked and exploited by Dean, regardless what the consequences may be.
He quickly shoved the doubt aside as he walked with purpose to the large wooden door. Once his hand grasped the latch to unlock the door he held his breath. He frowned when he wasn’t met with those emerald eyes. Suddenly he heard movement in the bushes next to the door then there he was in all his beauty. In all the intimate conversations and staring contests they had he still wasn’t prepared for just how gorgeous this man truly was. A shy smile formed upon the man’s lips as he too soaked in the up-close beauty of the blue eyed man.
“Do you think he’s really going to be a problem?” Castiel asked with concern as he held his suitcase next to his side.
“You taste like honey.” His eyes turned from emerald to black and this brought out something primal in Castiel as his lips went for the open cut on Dean’s neck.
“Perks of having powers… I’m already ready for you.” Too bad Dean was hiding the fact he was a demon during their first encounter, that could’ve come in handy for Cas but they both smiled as he turned his back to Castiel and sat down on his dick slowly as the tight hole enveloped the other man.
“Oh I think you do… Last Sunday… you left me so abruptly and we were just starting to have fun.” Dean playfully pouted as he listened intently to the other man behind the window.
“Let’s see what you got.” Cas bit his lip as he watched Dean’s mouth inch toward his throbbing member. He grabbed the base which brought a hitched breath from Castiel and then a loud hiss as Dean abruptly took his dick into his mouth. Let’s face it, it was weird at first, not sure what rhythm to get into, not sure if he was quite ready to have Castiel ramming his throat, but he noticed the patience within Cas as if he was simply enjoying the touch. No rush was felt, so Dean slowly massaged the under part of Castiel’s pink head with his tongue as he lightly squeezed at the shaft. He always enjoyed when girls did that and well, when Cas did it.
“You think you’re good enough for me to fuck? I’m trying to figure out why I should even bother, I mean look at me. Every single person at this school wants to fuck me, but you’re not like them, you’re fueled by my hate and you have a pretty fucking mouth and I’m going to fuck it til you cry.” His tone sinister, his grip around the smaller man’s throat tightened.
“Fine, if you won’t show me I’ll just stream my phone to the TV and see for myself!” Castiel sighed and rolled his eyes as Dean stared at his screen intently.
“Oh my fucking god, you’re so tight.” Dean whimpered, biting his lip as he continued to thrust harshly into Castiel trying to get himself all the way inside. Castiel was crying out, it felt so good to hurt. It felt so good for Dean to be the one abusing him. From the first time Dean tried to intimidate him he knew he wanted this. He wanted Dean to own him. While the rhythm was kind of slow, Dean’s thrusts were aggressive. Gripping Castiel’s hips Dean began to quicken the rhythm, the sound of skin and moans filling the shower. Castiel cried out as Dean hit his prostate over and over causing him to become a whimpering mess and Dean showed no mercy.
Images of Dean flashed in his mind, walking across the street soaked in sweat and grease. Pulling him close and taking in the scent of motor oil and tasting the sweat on Dean's neck.
“We shouldn’t give into temptation but we are only human… and… sometimes things just… happen.. things we thought we could keep away from only to realize we aren’t as strong as we thought we were.” He silently threw his head back, a soft thud echoing in the small booth, the rhythm of the two men steady and aggressive.
Dean was groaning shamelessly as he thrust into Castiel, smiling at the pain he caused him, knowing how much Castiel loved it.
“You’re just so beautiful, Father. All I want is to taste you.” Dean’s voice low and almost pleading. Castiel’s mind was racing. Was this actually happening? How did this guy know Castiel’s secret? He still said nothing.
“For someone who has never rode dick you’re killin’ it.” Cas groaned shakily as he instinctively gripped Dean’s hips which brought a gasp from the man. This caused Dean to try a circular motion with his hips which created a stimulation for both that was mind blowing.
This quick movement momentarily stunned Dean and he threw his head back and let out a guttural moan as Castiel showed no signs of letting up. Dean gripped the sides of Castiel’s head, grabbing handfuls of hair and was able to gain control of the movements. He fucked into Castiel’s mouth without abandonment, whimpers escaping his lips as he looked down and saw those bloodshot blue eyes staring up at him under a dominate arched brow, enjoying the gagging sounds that were coming from the other man. Dean’s mind was blown. Girls never let him just wreck their throat the way this man was and he couldn’t stop. Every time he hit the back of Castiel’s throat the sounds would increase, saliva became thicker, the louder they would both moan, and at one point Castiel gripped ahold of Dean’s ass so hard he almost shot his load then and there. They had created a rhythm of abuse and Cas began recklessly jerking himself on the shower floor as Dean exploited his throat. He wasn’t going to lie and say it didn’t hurt because it hurt pretty bad, especially after all the hits he had taken from Dean but it was still so fucking hot to watch Dean use him however he saw fit.  Suddenly Castiel was up on his feet and his lips met with Dean’s, teeth scraping just like before. Dean dug his nails into Castiel’s chest and dragged his fingers down his stomach which caused Cas to whimper and harshly grab a handful of Dean’s hair which caused him to smile against Castiel’s lips.
“I mean is it going to be weird now? Was this a drunken mistake that you’ll regret and I’ll come home to a note that you’ve moved your shit out?” Castiel wasn’t trying to sound as concerned as he felt, but let’s face it, he was getting nervous.
"I'm sorry I came here. I should leave." Dean went to grab the nob of the door but Cas grabbed his wrist.
Cas gave Dean his address and he had thirty minutes to get his place in order and to prepare himself.
“I’m sorry, guy. I can’t do this anymore. As a priest I’d tell you to resist temptation and repent blah blah blah. But you know what? Life is too short and if you’re not happy and think this girl’s pussy is golden and worth risking everything for then fucking do it. I’m out of here.” Dean stood there in absolute shock of what just happened and he opened the door to the booth, not concerned of other eyes around to see him exiting the booth with another man. The guy followed suit and opened the door to his confessional booth and Castiel saw that it was Gabriel. He had known him since they were kids and he knew the entire time during the confessional he recognized the voice. Gabriel stood there frozen as he saw the two men exit the booth.
One minute he was coughing up blood, and the next he was in heaven with Bobby. His thoughts raced as he realized that everyone they had lost over the years was here. Bobby, Mom, Dad, Jo and Ellen, even Baby. Dean took her for a ride, and ended up on a bridge, looking out over the beautiful landscape. A smile and a sense of peace overtook him, and he knew that Sam was there. They embraced and stood together. The war was over, and they were home. Dean and Sam sighed serenely.
“I don’t think I ever gave myself the chance to, Charlie. After all the people we lost. You, Bobby, Kevin… And after how things ended up with…” It was his turn to trail his words into unsettled silence.
Emma grinned up at Dean and they followed Joy down the hallway. Outside Miss Harvelle's room, Joy shook hands with Dean and left the two alone.
Castiel Novak rolls his eyes at his best friend, Meg Masters, as he walks backward up the trail. "I'm sure if there was a shifter pack out in the Smokey Mountains, we'd heard of them by now, don't you think?"
Dean hears the confusion coloring Bobby’s voice when he replies. “Sure, son, you know I can. But what about your Impala?”
“There you are,” he says when Castiel sits back up, hands clenched in the blanket. “Sorry about that.”
Castiel shrugs. "This is normal people food. Just packaged up with the appropriate amount of calories for someone expending as many as we are with this trip."
"Dean." Cas stands up and crosses the kitchen over to him, and cups his face. "I'm so sorry. I truly did not think this would be an issue for you if I kept the cat outside. We'll make sure that you meet her soon, OK?"
Saturday night ended up being a repeat of Friday, just in the back yard and with the addition of Castiel and Charlie. She and Sam had put their heads together over Dean's divorce papers, but Charlie was quick to assure him they were still on track from what they had discussed before.
"Eh, you know. She meets me on the porch, and I feed her a can of food. She lets me pet her as long as I stay away from the collar, and then we either hang out for a bit, or she takes off to your place or the woods."
"Answer it for me and hand it over?" Emma accepted the call and put the phone in Dean's hand. He squished it between his ear and shoulder. "Lydia."
Dean spends about a half an hour trolling down the main drag, Gabe still at his heels. He passes by all sorts of little shops: a general store, a grocery store, a few boutique-type places, and a diner that smells
"Yeah, Charlie told me about that. Emailed me a copy of everything to make sure it didn't ping anything outside family law, you know?"
"You aren't far off, Charlie. Even Cole said she was leaving 'us' instead of just me. I truly think that she doesn't want anything to do with us ever again."
enjoy dried cum in my pubic hair. Let's get up, take a shower. You can borrow a pair of boxers to sleep in."
Garth nodded, tapping a finger to his chin. "All right. Thank you, Dean, for telling me. From here out, I'm going to make sure that you are never out on an install alone so this can't happen again, OK?" Dean nodded and Garth smiled. "Okiedokie, now that we've got that nasty business out of the way, show me what you got!" and led him over to the computer where they pull their online sales for fulfillment.
"I sure am." She looks over her shoulder and smiles as the sound of Dean's laugh floats up the stairs. "It sounds like old times down there."
Dean points over her shoulder to where the new batch is steeping on the windowsill, and she snatches it and a few other things from the window before gently setting them down next to the kit. She braces her hands on the bar, drops her head between her shoulders, and draws in a shuddering breath. "Will you tell me what happened now?" she asks quietly.
Cas hums, a slight blush staining her cheeks, and pats his arm. "You go in and get showered. I'll get the rest of this put away."
"Alright, well sit there and listen, then. You're gonna get this out of your system, and then you are going to drink a glass of water and take something for the headache you'll have in the morning. When you wake up, you're gonna come down and eat breakfast and then call Charlie and tell her what's happened."
Charlie's voice rings out, breaking Dean from his haze. "We can be in Wakita in about an hour. Dean! Come on!"
They chat back and forth, getting to know each other, and Dean leans over to Cas. “Where’s the furball?”
“Yeah, man. The military tries to adopt as many as they can to previous handlers. They deserve a good retirement, too, you know.”
Castiel feels rage sweep through his body. Alphas are meant to protect the pack, not tear it down from the inside. "Dean-"
Cas takes his hand and squeezes it. “We’ll go and change that, then. As soon as the ice is ready.” They turn away from the lake and wander back through the market again. Cas picks up two cups of hot chocolate, and Dean picks up a bouquet of camellias, handing them over to Cas shyly. The man lights up like, well...
Cas struggles out of Dean's grip and gets to the door, pushing it open and falling out of the truck. He starts picking up sensors again as Dean slams on the breaks.
Dean’s leaning against the Humvee, chatting with Tran and scanning his side of the road when Uurzua starts going
Dean rolled his head back and stared at the ceiling. "Aw man, her again?" He rolled his head back to the front and eyed Garth. "At least tell me that Ash is going with me"
Apparently, Ash had the same idea for the other returning pack members because Dean sees him handing out clothes to newly shifted wolves when he steps back outside. He hands off the clothing to Sammy and smiles when they slink off together.
Understanding dawns on Dean. He still can't form words, but his mind is going a mile-a-minute, jabbering at him about the things that he told Cosmos. Stuff he's never told anyone.
Lisa shakes her head. "I know my way home." She turns around and walks away, heading back to the motel.
Castiel splutters as his wolf perks up at the insinuation in Dean's words. "I said a run, not a chase!"
Castiel looks at the ceiling, exasperated. “And you accuse me of lacking personal space.” He shifts, pulling his knee on the bed and turns to face Dean.
He looks up from his coffee mug to see Zanna hovering in the doorway of the kitchen. Dean grins and pushes far enough away from the table so that Zanna can crawl into his lap. She runs across the floor and clambers up, and he rubs his chin over the top of her head, renewing their scent bond as she snuggles into him. "Heya kiddo. Couldn't sleep?" She shakes her head, face buried in his collar. "No? Wanna tell me what's up?" She's quiet for a few minutes, so Dean lets her be, sipping his coffee.
Dean did so and followed Cas down to the water to see a fishing boat tethered to a tree. Cas loaded it up with everything and helped Dean get in without tipping it over. He untied the boat, shoved them off, and jumped in as they floated away from the shore.
"Well," Dean mused, "I haven't really given her a reason to until now. I've let her talk to Emma any time she asks and gave her no reason to think I would be fighting any of the paperwork."
Castiel furrows his eyebrows as Sam guides him back into the library. “I don’t know that it’s a masterpiece, Sam, I’m nothing like any of the great artists.”
"Hey there boss, was wondering if you were going to join us mere mortals today," she snarks at him as she drops the tub off with Kevin.
“Benny, for the love of God, watch your turns. And go slow over the bumps!” Because of course, they live in a neighborhood with speed bumps all the way to the main road.
Dean opens his mouth but closes it again without saying anything, a thoughtful look on his face. “I don’t know.”
Mommy pushed past him and went to the top of the stairs, unlocking the door. The sound of the wind grew as she pushed open the door. “Buddy!” she yelled. “Come here, Buddy!”
Dean groans and his head thumps back onto Baby's seat. But he knows that Charlie isn't going to let this go, so he takes a deep breath and tells her everything. His throat is sore by the time he gets done, and Charlie hums.
Dean looks down at the hand not holding the phone with a grimace. "Yeah, just a few cuts. I've got salve at the house that'll fix me right up."
He squints at the alarm clock. It's four am, so it's later than he usually wakes up, but he really doesn't want to be up this early on his day off. Yesterday had sucked balls with the incident with Cosmos and Cas not coming home. No one had seen her since earlier in the afternoon at the store, and Dean's worried about her. He groans and flops back on the bed and holds his hand up to inspect it.
"Then you best get on with it sunshine," Dean smirked as Cas bit him again, this time into his shoulder. Cas brought his hand up to Dean's face and he licked it, knowing what Cas was after. He gasped at the tweak of his nipple and felt Cas smirk behind him.
Sam growls under his breath. "Dean, you have to calm down. If you are freaking out, Cosmos is going to freak out. She trusts you, right? So, get your shit together and help her. I'm turning onto your road now; I'll see you in a sec." The line clicks and goes dead.
“I’m sorry about your knee, but I'm so delighted you picked this up in return.” He groans again when Dean hits another knot.
"Gordon did," he grits out. "Followed Zanna and me to the stream and attacked me there when we were distracted by tall-dark-and-handsome back there." He points over his shoulder to Cas, who's still hovering with Meg at the edge of the impromptu puppy-pile in wolf form.
"What do I say, Charles? She's been keeping shit from me the entire time we've known each other." He scowls down into his empty Solo cup. "I don't know what
She pats his cheek when she pulls away. "Just because you are grown and live on your own does not mean it's not my job to take care of you," she says softly. "Now. Spaghetti or shell bake?"
Dean grinned and rolled out of the bed. He grimaced when the air rushed in and turned the spot on his boxers cold though, and hurried after Castiel to the bathroom where he stripped them off as quickly as possible. When Cas beckoned to him, he joined him in the shower and they cleaned each other up with wandering hands. They dried each other off, and Cas dug around for a pair of boxer briefs for Dean to wear. Once they were boxer-clad, they collapsed back into bed, and Cas drew the covers over them. Dean snuggled into Cas' side and threw a leg over Cas'.
Dean’s pretty sure his heart is going to leap out of his chest. There is no way this isn't a date, ex-girlfriend be damned. Just to be sure, though, he asks. Cas’ answering grin tells him everything he needs to know. He also manages to find a pair of skates in Dean’s size in the attic. Cas thinks they were his father’s, but really has no idea where they came from.
Gabe breaks in. “Dean-o! Taking the vows, you dog. Come here.” He surges out of his chair and grabs Dean around the waist. He jumps on Dean’s back and tries to get Dean into a headlock.
He's found a random key around the house a few times, and he's not sure how it manages to get in the house (and not be where he puts it after he finds it) but shrugs it off as a fluke.
Bobby ducks behind the counter and fiddles in the office for a few seconds before Dean hears a printer whine. "Alright. Here's what the bastard looks like." Dean takes the picture and commits the face to memory before he folds it up and sticks it in his back pocket.
Suddenly, the wind died down. It was silent for a few seconds, then something roared and the door was ripped from the hinges, Mommy and Daddy still holding on to it. Dean screamed as he watched a cloud tear the door away from the shelter and steal his parents away from him. He started to get up to run to the stairs, but Daddy had told him to watch Sammy, to keep him safe, so he stayed where he was. He hugged Sammy tighter, turning his brother’s face away from the doorway. They screamed and screamed, Buddy howling alongside them until it was the only thing six-year-old Dean could hear.
Missouri snorted, drawing a glare from Dean. "No. He did shoot first," he said, sticking his tongue out at Missouri. It was a long-standing feud between the two of them.
"Well, be sure to stop by the doc's office anyway, OK? I'd hate to hear of something going wrong with your leg, you know?"
"OK," Dean rummages through the cabinets and pulls out a can of tuna, tossing it on the counter and gets a small bowl down and puts about an inch of water in it at Sam's instruction.
Right, the papers! Dean scrambles up from Gabe’s back. Trailing Cas as he moves over to look at Dean’s truck.
Dean laughs. “If I know Cas, he’s already dragged the entire department out there. Day like today, it’s to be expected. It’s perfect for storm chasing, and he forgets everything else
Dean flinches at Cas' name, and Krissy narrows in on it. "Oh." A look that Dean can't identify crosses her face before she continues. "Oh, I see. OK, well, carry on, boss." Krissy turns on her heel and walks back into the front of the shop just in time to greet a new customer.
Marv waves him off. "I shouldn't have said what I did, about either of you. She just made sure to let me know of her displeasure." He grunts as he rolls over and sits up. Dean gets to his feet and offers him a hand up, which Marv takes.
"Gimme your number and I'll let you know. Ellen'll have my hide if I try to make a decision without her. And bring Emma."
After breakfast is finished, Naomi folds her hands on the table and fixes her gaze on Ellen and Bobby. "Please tell me everything about Abbadon and how the situation got to this point."
The truck jolts to a stop and Garth mutters an apology as he jumps out and dashes around the front, yanking the passenger side door open. He gently passes Zanna off to Ellen before helping Castiel out of the truck. Castiel still has Dean clutched to his chest, not willing to relinquish his hold to anyone just yet.
When the after-church crowd starts trickling in, the conversation falls to the side in favor of Claire taking care of customers. As Dean gets ready to leave, he makes sure to leave another ten-dollar bill on the table. He winks at Claire as he ducks out of the cafe.
Once the paramedics have Missouri loaded in the back of the ambulance and gotten her as fixed up as they can, Cas climbs up into the back. He looks her over, taking in the bandage wrapped around her head, the splint on her right arm, and the bloodstain on her nightgown, right over her sternum.
Zanna squeaks with glee and dashes off through the underbrush. Castiel looks concerned when Dean looks back at him, so he waves the alpha off. "She just found out we're getting to go home. She'll meet us there and probably be mostly packed by the time we get there."
"Yeah!" Charlie sits up and whips her phone out, tapping on it furiously. "I bet you we can order one and figure out how to attach your bags and everything! Oh," she stops typing and looks at Meg. "Erm, that is, if you are OK with it."
No one answers her, everyone too busy piling into their vehicles and forming up the caravan. She sets the drinks on the hood of the truck and hurries to get in, starting it up and swinging out to follow the funny man’s bus. The cokes fall off the hood, forgotten in her haste.
Thank the gods for Charlie. Cosmos did a number on his hand yesterday. She got him with all four claws across the back of his hand and flayed the skin wide open. Charlie had insisted on spelling the skin closed and giving him a tetanus shot but made him promise to take it easy on his hand today to make sure the spell work held up. He flexes his hand a few times, appreciating the work she did on his hand.
The paw smacks down on Dean's nose again, and then jaws are closing around his neck. The last thing he hears is Zanna's screams before he knows no more.
He flops down on the soft grass and squirms around on his back, hoping Cas will get the hint that he wants to play.
The human at the end of the leash. Probably not being listened to unless they have the Kong held hostage.
"Oh, pretty sure they aren't worth that much." He shifted his focus back to the food on the grill. "Just reflecting on family. You know how it is."
"You know, "Charlie muses to Meg as they watch Benny and Zanna play, "We never really expected you to stick around here."
Cas sobers as Dean answers her. “You get in front of the funnel and put her down in the damage path. And then get the hell out of Dodge before the twister sucks you up, too.”
Dean's eyes shot up. That was Becky? "Wow. Shows how long I've been gone. I didn't even recognize you, Becky. How've you been?"
"I don't think anyone has." He leaves anything else unsaid, trying to keep them on the road and simultaneously keep an eye on the twister.
“You’re damn right I did,” Bobby says. Dean turns to see him leaning on the wall next to his office. “I didn't want to be here for the reunions if you catch my drift.”
Jack hooted at her from his perch on Dean's shoulders. "That's cause there's a whole troop of monkeys out here, Aunt Jess!"
"Hell, she ran off half the pack too, don't forget about that," Dean grumbles, thinking of his brother and his brother’s mate out in the Smokies somewhere.
Emma rushed into Missouri's arms and threw her arms around her neck, burying her nose into her shoulder. "Hi Mama," she mumbled into her shoulder.
He ducks out of the room and asks Garth to pass along the message, then he and Dean make their way to the bathroom. Castiel gets Dean into the shower, where the omega slumps down on the seat. Castiel hands over the handheld showerhead and lets Dean get himself clean from the head down while the Alpha washes his hair. Once Dean is rinsing off, Castiel ducks out of the bathroom and arranges the clothing on the bed into a nest they can lay on, then hurries to Dean's room to get the omega something to sleep in.
Dean nodded. "Mama, do you know anyone around here hiring? I walked down Main yesterday after I talked to Bobby, but didn't see any signs up."
Donna Hanscum runs her finger over the top of her desk. “Looks like the caps are starting to break.”
Dean's eyes were dancing as he let Cole go and followed him over to the side of the shop. "Sure man, what's up?"
Castiel strips and throws his clothes on Bobby's head, earning him a chuckle from Jo and Ash before he shifts and crawls into the middle of the pile, shirts in his mouth. They all shuffle around so that each of them is touching as many others as physically possible.
The afternoon was spent getting to know each other. Charlie and Dean got along like a house on fire (Missouri's words) as they discovered more and more things they had in common. At three, Charlie sat back, pointing at Dean.
Castiel picks up his bag and follows Zanna into the heat room. She drops her backpack next to the table, then sticks her head in it and pulls out a stuffed bear before jumping into the bed. She curls up and blinks at Dean as if to say, "well?".
“Oh, that’s lovely!” Colette breaks in. “River’s Crossing is slightly famous for our Christmas celebrations. You’ll take part, I hope?”
In the end, it takes Dean, Benny, and two guys from the fire department to get the two men from the bed to the stretcher, but they manage without throwing anyone’s back out. Now they just have to get to the hospital.
"I have an idea." Dean leans over and tilts her chin up, so she's looking at him. "How about we order some pizza and veg out at my place? I've got someone I want you to meet anyway."
Dean's wolf, however, won't leave him alone. The more he gets to know the Alpha, the more convinced his wolf (and the rest of the damn pack, it seems) is that Cas is his mate. Which, yeah, Dean's not
They poked their heads out from under the blanket, and two pairs of eyes blinked owlishly at him. "Is she gone?" Emma asked.
could be a K9 unit cop if he wanted. He’s got all the training already, and he’s more than willing to work with a new dog to get them trained up the right way; he’s done it often enough. Dean continues to mull this over until Gabe decides he’s done playing in the now obliterated snowbank and makes a run for Dean’s knees.
Fifty miles-per-hour. Ugh. Cas flops back in his seat, groaning. He catches sight of the Leviathan team and sighs.
As it turns out, Castiel and Meg don't live that far from the Park at all. Well, Meg doesn't live in the area at all since she lives in Nashville, but Castiel lives and works in Sevierville. When the rest of the pack wandered off to gather their things, ready to be able to finally go home, Castiel hung back with Dean and Zanna.
Dean nods. “Alright, well, scooch around, then. I can at least do a visual, check if anything needs to be set, right?”
Dean pets the dog’s gigantic head. "Well, now that we've established that he likes me, what do we need to do to make him hate me?"
"Since the furniture is made and sold from the property you share, technically she could push for you to liquidate the stock and split the income. But it looks like here all she wants is to sell the house, split assets to the owners, and sign full custody of Emma over to you. Including all parental rights, which would mean she'd be able to squirm her way out of having to provide child support."
She drops it, and they drift over to the fair as Gabe burns off some of his energy. They settle on a bench and people-watch, Claire snuggled between the two men, her arms twined in theirs.
The reporter - Stephanie, he thinks - nodded and grinned at him. "You got it." She looked over the furniture Dean's got strewn across the shop. "He's got a hell of a talent. Boston doesn't usually get to see work like this."
"Appreciate that, Cas," Dean said as he grabbed the monkey wrapped around his legs and lifted him over his head, making Jack squeal in delight. Both men broke out into grins when Emma started hopping around Dean making hooting noises.
Dean sees Castiel turn his focus to the laptop and slaps Sam on the shoulder. “I gotta talk to Cas.” His brother’s face falls as Dean turns to Castiel again.
Charlie arches an eyebrow, and Dean glares at Castiel. "Apparently, Alpha over there thought I couldn't make it back on my own."
"I have no idea, Dean-o, but I think you can still make it right if you haul ass over there sooner rather than later."
Meg laughs for a few seconds before she goes quiet. Castiel grins when she asks, "You're kidding, right?"
Dean lets out a breath and chuckles. “Thank God. I’m shaky enough without having to deal with all of that, too.”
“Yeah. Went off the road last night into a snowbank. I already know Baby needs parts before I can drive her again. Not sure how-”
Castiel wakes to someone poking his nose. He cracks an eye open to check if someone is having a bad dream to see his brother, Gabriel, lying on the floor just inches from his face. He snorts, startling Gabe, who then breaks into a grin when he realizes that Castiel is awake.
"You got it." They exchanged numbers along with Dean's change, and Dean waved on his way out the door, heart feeling light for the first time since this shit-show started.
"I thought Mom still loved me. She said she did in her letter." Emma's eyes were filling with tears and her voice wobbled.
“You know,” Bobby says as Dean sets out the tools he wants, “I’ve never seen that idjit dog follow anyone around like he does you.”
The machine gurgles and hisses, sending the aroma of roasted beans floating through the kitchen. Dean’s just taken the first sip of his coffee when Cas stumbles into the room. He almost inhales the murky liquid as his brain short-circuits.
Castiel stops at the border of Dean's yard and grabs a mouthful of Dean's shirt, careful to avoid skin, and pulls him back toward the line. Dean falls sideways but catches himself before he can land on the grass, a look of shock on his face. He scrambles up and runs over to the plants at the corner, snatching a handful of rosemary and muttering a spell under his breath.
She flops around on the cushion, growling low in her chest until she squirms into a ball. She tucks her nose under her tail and thinks about the last time she'd seen her brother.
Lisa continues to ramble and scream. A car rams through the ceiling of the hanger. Sparks fly as the sign for the theater crashes over on top of it. More people scream in fear. Sam, Dean, and Cas try to keep everyone calm as they wait out the hellish storm going on around them.
Emma looked confused and Dean cast about for a better way to explain it. Charlie cut in after a nod from Dean.
"Deal," Cas said, pushing himself up. "Coffee is in the cabinet over the machine. Sugar is over the stove."
"She's going to be hurting pretty bad, so here are some pain meds for her. Did you get ahold of Cas?"
Dean feels terror shiver up his spine. "It's already here." He raises his voice, screaming, "EVERYBODY UNDERGROUND, NOW!"
Dean groans and staggers over to the side of the bed and grabs the key from the comforter. He blinks his eyes at the object in his hand and gives up when they start burning. He tosses the key onto his nightstand, deciding to focus on the issue in the morning when he's got a clearer head, strips down, and climbs under the covers.
"Hey Sheriff," Sam said as he tucked the phone between his ear and his shoulder. The shouting on the porch got louder.
“Alright, my dudes, I’m pretty sure I’ve got just the ticket. Give me a few days, and we’ll give it a shot, OK?”
Ellen barks a laugh, and Charlie, who's been sitting off to the side, loses her fight against the giggles. Even Joshua cracks a smile. "I think I'll be leaving that part of it up to you, Alpha." She hands him a large Coleman thermos and a bottle of Gatorade. "Take these on up to him. He's probably still asleep, but that thermos will keep the soup warm for a few hours."
“Can you show me how to do this again? I’m sure it won't take long for me to get my ice legs again.” She looks back at Dean. “You don’t mind, do you?”
Dean snarls and takes a step back, setting Zanna down. He picks up a large branch and brandishes it at Castiel. "So what if I am?" Dean's nostrils flare as he scents, and what he finds must not be a good thing because he growls, low and threatening. "
The door rips open to reveal a tiny brunette woman. She glares at Dean, a scowl twisting her lips. “
"Alright," Dean says. I'm going to get her ready." He pulls his jacket on and slides the back window open, grunting as he pulls himself through. He's immediately pelted by hail as he squirms around TOTO, pushing buttons to start her up.
Dean turned at the sound of footsteps and saw Sam over the flying blond hair of his daughter. She jumped in his lap and snuggled into his chest. Dean raised his eyebrow at his brother in question as he and Jess came in.
“Yeah, come on,” Dean says as he hops down off the Impala. He tugs at Castiel’s sleeve and leads him out of the garage to a spot where the ground is relatively flat and has a good build-up of snow on it. “OK, now watch.”
"Father! What were you thinking?" He drops to his knees beside Castiel and runs his hand over her flank. She hisses at him in warning.
Charlie, Gabriel, and Balthazar converge on Dean, smothering him in hugs and playful banter. Lisa trails behind him, a smile on her face.
“So, Cas called me right after you left. You left your phone at his place, and he called me when he saw most of your stuff missing. You had a missed call from the Major and a text letting you know that Uurzua was being retired.”
Dean growls low in his chest and swipes at Abbadon's face, claw catching the corner of her eye. Blood oozes into her fur, and she growls at him, ducking her head.
Feelings talk successfully diverted; they all finish their dinners, and Dean checks on the kitten, Mary and Cosmos hovering outside anxiously.
Dean shakes his head. The false levity falls from his face. “This storm is going to be a lot bigger than we anticipated,” he says quietly. “There’s rotation all the way from Grand County up through Logan.”
People are already out and about, some opening up shop while others are making their way out of town. Dean takes note of a bakery and decides he’ll swing in after hearing what Bobby has to say about his baby.
Dean looked over at Cas. "What do you mean, Lydia never cared for our friendship?" This was the first he'd ever heard of it.
Dean pulled the blanket over his head. "Dude, it's not like I have a job to get to. Plus, it's Saturday. Even Emma sleeps in on Saturdays."
They talk a little about Sam’s impending case until Dean’s call waiting beeps. “Hey, I gotta go. I’ll call you back later.”
Emma nodded for a second, then started shaking her head, making tears fly off her cheeks. Dean gathered her to his chest, and she collapsed in his embrace, sobbing. Jack climbed up into Missouri's lap and laid a hand on Emma's ankle, squeezing to let her know he was there.
"Put me down!" Dean splutters. They are close enough to the bed at this point, so Castiel grins and tosses him onto it. "What th- hey!"
Cole closed his eyes in shame. He dropped his head, tucked his metaphorical tail between his legs, and ran.
“Mhm. Very much so.” Cas slings an arm around Dean’s shoulders, pulling him in tight. After a few seconds, Cas runs the tip of his nose across Dean’s temple. Dean shivers as Cas’ nose travels down his face. Cas bumps his nose to Dean’s cheek, drawing Dean’s gaze to his and Cas takes advantage, placing a soft kiss on his lips. “Is
She does a full body rub up against his ankle before she plops herself down next to his foot and looks up at him, blinking once.
Dean nods and digs through his dresser and finds an old pair of sweatpants and a stretched out t-shirt. He brings them over to Castiel and gives them to him with a kiss on the cheek.
“Hey, Cas?” He hums in response, and Dean continues, “Can I do anything else? Like, preen your feathers or something?”
She twitches again and jerks her head up to groom her fur for a few seconds, shoving the thoughts of that horrible man from her thoughts. She gets up and jumps down to the deck before hopping to the ground and streaking into the front yard. She glances over at Dean's front porch as she runs by, but doesn't see him or the door cracked open, and the house is dark, just like it's been the last two days. She's hurt him, she knows it, but Dean was clear two nights ago when he'd asked her to leave.
Her body locks up the moment her paw touches the magical trap, a sinkhole. Her fur puffs out, standing on end, as her eyes roll around, desperately searching for Michael.
"Oh no. No way am I giving you more than that. If you're hungry I'm more than happy to hit the store on the way home tomorrow and get some cat food, but I am not sharing any more human food with you."
Dean narrows his eyes. “Okaaaay.” He draws out the word, but Sam just hums and asks him to tell Eileen so they can be ready to go as soon as he gets there, then hangs up.
Dean's other eyebrow raises to match, but as he opens his mouth to say something else, a massive brown blur crashes into Dean's side, knocking the branch from his hands and sending him to the ground. Zanna screams and runs to Castiel, hiding behind him. The brown blur stands up to reveal one of the biggest wolves he's ever seen. It turns to him and snarls, making the hair on his arms stand up. He bares his teeth at the wolf.
Sam raises an eyebrow at Dean. “I don’t know about him, but I’d love to see it, Cas.” Sam steps up to Castiel and pats his shoulder. “Let’s go see this masterpiece.”
make sure to make double the amount of gravy they should need, just for Gabe. She can hear them chattering at each other around the table while the ones who already have their food shovel it in as fast as they can.
"Oh, come now. You should be flattered that word made it all the way back to me in Seattle." He stands up, hands going back to his pockets. "My good-for-nothing brother is good for something, at least. Even if he did get ahead of himself and attempt to trap you before I got here."
As the day goes by, Dean keeps himself busy, even after getting kicked out of Bobby’s place. He helps out at the fair when asked, runs errands for Colette, and keeps a bunch of kids entertained by throwing snowballs for Gabe. It’s a good afternoon.
Dean draws the calming spell in from the bag of herbs and twists his fingers, changing the intent of the spell. He throws the sleep-spell at Cosmos, who goes limp. He quickly wiggles under the bush and grabs her by the scruff of her neck and drags them both back until he can slide her onto the box, and Sam throws Dean's flannel shirt over her head. They rush inside, Sam growling under his breath when he sees what's lodged in Cosmos' leg.
Dean fidgets and plays with his coffee cup. "It's not that I don't want to. Hell, before all this shit, I was thinking about even dating him for real. Get to know him and all that. But with everything that happened and the True Mates thing..." He shrugs.
“Char—oof!” An angry redheaded pixie slams into him as soon as he gets in the door, hugging him tightly.
He flicks it on and pans around the room, looking for Dean. When he finally finds him, Castiel feels his heart shatter.
Dean swallows again. "I couldn't. Neither could Charlie. We're both unmated omegas, and the pack bonds are too strong, not to mention the danger we'd put the others in. Benny, Bobby, and the others refused to leave us behind. Even Garth was happy to stay behind to protect us."
The sun rises as they barrel towards the F5 cutting a path of destruction through Oklahoma. Cars stream past them, honking, as the crew works as quickly as possible to cut out pinwheel shapes from the cans and attach them to the sensors.
before he makes his way into the kitchen. He roots around the pantry, trying to find something to eat, but nothing really grabs his interest, so instead, he digs the mint chocolate chip out of the freezer and grabs a spoon. He forgoes getting out a bowl, figuring he'll just eat it out of the carton.
Cas eyed Lydia as he made his way past her and over to Dean's side. "Unfortunately. Good evening, Lydia. I'd say it's a pleasure to see you, but my mother always told me not to lie."
Dean feels his features soften as he looks down at the cub in his lap. "Yeah, she is," he says as he untangles a few twigs from her hair. "She's a great kid, honestly. I'm so glad we found her."
He tipped his hat to his reflection and straightened. Missouri had left an hour earlier than he did with the kids, so he made his way inside to look for them. Jack was dressed the same way he was, just in a white shirt, and Emma was in a sundress with her hair done up in ribbons. She also had a white cowboy hat and she looked adorable. When he stepped inside of the barn, he grinned at the decorations. They'd done it up like an old hoedown, and there were lights strung between the beams and white tulle wrapping the supports. There was hay scattered everywhere, and a cover band was up on a raised platform playing Brooks and Dunn's "Brand New Man". The air was thick and he drew a breath in, tasting the hay and old wood on his tongue.
The air is heavy as they head into the living room. All the humans are elsewhere, so the wolves look at each other, shrug, and start stripping off clothing, throwing it onto the pile.
"Thanks, Donna." He ducks into the room to be greeted by his gigantor of a brother and a dog who looks like he's giving Sam a run for his money.
Cas nods, and Dean slips out of the room, making a pit stop in the bathroom before heading to the kitchen. He starts a pot of coffee and pulls the eggs and bacon out of the fridge. He hears a murmur of voices in the library and sticks his head out to see Eileen and Sam sitting at one of the tables.
The paramedic shakes his head. "We need to get her to the hospital and checked out. I'm sure they are going to keep her overnight, just to be safe. Can't be too careful with head wounds."
A week after Missouri's stroke found Dean back at work. Garth and Crowley both were happy to have him back and he settled back into the flow of the store.
Dean chuckles as she starts to squirm and lets her down. "Yeah, pup. Cas back there ran Abbadon off, and the pack decided that it was time for us to get back."
"Shh. I got you." Dean laid his forehead on Cas' and rolled his hips again. Cas whined, high and thready, and Dean smiled softly down at him. "Like this?"
"No reason. Just tired of lookin’ at your stupid face is all. Go on, get out of here until tomorrow."
she growls as she tugs on Abbadon's leg, making the alpha stumble. Ash and Bobby cut Christian and Ruby off from the alpha, driving them away with well-placed snaps to their faces. Ellen and Benny join in, snapping at their heels and lunging for their hamstrings when they don't move quickly enough. Charlie and Garth are harrying Gordon the same way, and Dean sees Castiel get his feet under him again. The black alpha stalks over to Abbadon, head lowered and growling low in his chest.
“Uh-huh.” They continue through the little pop-up market, looking at the items already set out and helping others with heavy set-up when needed. The edge of a lake is the only thing that halts the vendors’ spread.
And all Stephanie could do was watch helplessly as the life of the talented woodworker from Texas went up in flames.
They said their goodnights and Dean refilled his glass before making his way upstairs. He made sure to avoid the squeaky steps and spots on the second floor as he glided down the hallway and poked his head into Emma's room to check on her. She was tucked in, snug as a bug, arms wrapped around her bunny. He slipped in and made sure her night light was on before he gave her a kiss on the forehead and brushed the hair off her face. He slipped out of the room, pulling the door closed but not letting it latch, as per her instructions from earlier, and made his way to his own room. He sat the glass of water down on the bedside table and stripped down to his boxers before flopping on the bed. He looked at the stick on stars that he and Sam had put on the ceiling when they were kids and fought the sob crawling up his throat.
"They have absolutely no proof they exist." Castiel's eyebrow twitches up, and she continues. "Apparently, the old pack leader had one of her cronies come here and gather every bit of important paperwork they had and took off with it. It's going to take a while to get them back on their feet."
Castiel squints at him until it clicks, what Dean is asking. “Yours. Mine is… nothing. Yours, please.”
"Ultimately? Nothing." Jess sat down in one of the chairs and Sam dragged the last one over next to Dean. "She apparently was there to try to take Emma back to Boston with her."
They pull up to Missouri's house. Where a proud two-story house once stood, it now looks like a giant stepped on it, flattening the top floor and shoving the whole place to the side. Almost all of her wind chimes are still standing, and they tinkle in the breeze. Cas flies out of the truck before they even come to a stop.
Dean flushed. "Lisa, look. I know you hate me, and you have every right to. But it's not just me anymore that I have to support. I have a ten-year-old daughter who depends on me now, and her mother has just left us in the dust. We don't have anything, so just- please. Help me find something that I won't hate myself for. Please?"
Dean’s a hundred percent sure that he makes pornographic sounds as he’s eating. He’s also a hundred percent sure that he doesn't care; it's that good.
He whistles. "Damn, that's a mighty fine harness, Red." He shows the phone to Meg, who blanches when she sees the price tag.
Dean tried to parse out the insult but considering he was in a bar, and drunk to boot, he couldn't disagree with her statement. "Hey there Ruby. Need any more furniture delivered?"
Benny chuckles. "Somethin' about a harness so Meg can haul her camera and gear around, I dunno. Didn't get the whole story before Charlie ordered it an' Meg took off after her."
“Nope,” Dean cuts in over Castiel’s laugh, “I’m good, thanks.” He looks around, and his eyes land on a familiar bright-blue barrel. “Dude, you’ve got Toys for Tots here? That’s pretty bad-ass, helping the Marines collect toys.”
Dean joins in. "We need cutters and duct tape! Sam, Jess, we need to get the last TOTO on the back of my truck. Get the sensors out of them and into the vans. Leave all the cars we don't need behind. I want as many people working on this as we can get."
He tromped down to the kitchen and gathered up the pitcher and glasses (because of course Missouri already knew what he was up to), and made his way to the backyard. Dean had to stop and appreciate Cas' ass in the same Levi's as he'd had on last night because
They settle on the couch and queue up a movie, and Dean revels in the fact he has his best friend back.
Dean shakes his head and applies himself to the coffee, now cooled to an acceptable temperature. He pets Gabriel’s head as he listens to the rumble of Castiel’s voice from the other room.
In the Dodge, Dean is leaning forward, looking at the sky when Kevin breaks in. "Touchdown! We have touchdown-tornado is on the ground."
Dean looked back at Cas. "Yeah well, things change when you have a kid. She's my world." He crossed over to Castiel and pulled him into a tight hug. "God, I'm so glad to see you Cas."
Dean looks up at the chime of the bell over the front door of the bakery. He doesn't see anyone up front, so he smacks the flour off his hands. "Gimme a sec, and I'll be right with you!" he yells as he jogs over to the sink to wash his hands.
Cas hummed beside him, arms crossed over his chest. He looked over the backyard and took in Jack and Emma playing tag with the neighbor's dog, Sam and Jess sitting under a tree, heads together, and Missouri bustling around the vegetable plots. "It's not a bad family you have here, Dean."
Dean looks towards light and realizes that they are in the actual middle of the tornado. Lighting flashes and debris whirl around them, and at the top of the undulating funnel is a circular patch of blue sky.
The bird—Dean can’t tell which one it is in the dark—ducks its head and steps side to side. It chirps softly, and Dean sighs.
They made quick work of loading the two pieces of furniture and headed toward 201 Gail Street. Miss Cortese "call me Ruby,” asked them to move the old furniture out of the living room and to the front yard and, even though it wasn't part of the contract, the two men agreed to haul out the old so they could get the new inside. They finished up quickly, never leaving the other alone with her, and waved goodbye to her as they pulled out of the driveway.
A tear tracks its way down his face, and he wipes it away, angry at himself before he slips the necklace on over his head and tucks it away under his shirt.
Dean looks at her retreating back, confused. He shakes it off and looks down at the "baby bread" and hopes that he hasn't ruined it and sets it to the side to split and put it into pans so that it can rise again before he bakes it. He braces his hands on the counter and lets his head hang, blowing out a breath. He looks up and sees Kevin flit out of the kitchen and sighs again and brushes the flour off his hands. He goes to the door separating the kitchen from the front and leans on the door frame until all the customers are taken care of. He clears his throat, gaining both kid's attention.
Dean scoffed and looked away. "Yeah well, your… face…" He went silent, listening to the sounds of the lake. "Cas, how come you didn't tell me about Lydia?"
"Alright." He set about tucking the blankets tight around her until she couldn't move. "Sung as a bug in a rug. You're outta luck if your nose itches though. All good? Not too tight?"
Jody squeezes his shoulder and drops into her cruiser. She waves as they pull out, and Dean sees Cas running across the yard toward him.
Sam knelt down and waved the kids over as the two women argued. Emma's face was tear-streaked and Jack was still muttering into the phone as they flew down the steps and into the safety of Sam's arms.
A few hours later, Emma's awake and they were chatting about what her new school is going to be like and they pass a sign welcoming them to Smithville. Emma's eyes went wide when she saw the population.
The three of them roll to their feet and start back to the homestead while Charlie regales them with stories about the former Alpha.
Being out on the ice is a whole different ball game, however. Dean feels a lot like Bambi as he slides out. Cas, the bastard, looks like he was born with skates on as he glides out and circles around Dean. He does, as he expected, end up on his ass more often than not, but by the time they decide to pack it in for the night, his sides hurt from laughing, his face from smiling, and his heart just about entirely belongs to the quirky, dark-haired teacher in River’s Crossing.
starts hammering away at his brain. He groans and buries his face back in the down-filled cloud and grumbles to himself a little bit before he sighs, reaching for his phone and turning off the alarm. He sits up and rubs the sleep out of his eyes before he pushes himself up and off the memory foam mattress. He stumbles into the bathroom clad only in his boxers and takes a piss before he finally manages to make it into the kitchen, flicking a quick charm to start the coffee maker that he'd set up last night after getting home from his movie and dinner with Cas.
Dean chuckles and dangles the Kong-on-a-rope in front of him, letting Uurzua yank him around to his heart’s content.
It’s a seat-yourself type of place, and Cas steers them to a booth in the back. As they sit down, a server comes by and gives them two menus. “Y’all know what you want to drink?”
Missouri scoffed and rolled her eyes. "Is there any other kind?" She waved at him and let herself in the front door.
“I’ll give you that one,” Dean says. “I’m not one for cold weather, it plays hell on my bum knee these days, but it sure is pretty.”
Lisa sighed. "Look, Dean, you're going to have to give me something to work with here. There's nothing here for a high school jock turned house husband."
A sob to his left caught Dean's attention. Dean looked over to see his daughter and Jack at the foot of the stairs, a look of shock on Emma's face. "Dad?"
"Cosmos, please, go inside. I'll take care of this asshat, get yourself safe just in case the wards fail."
They locate Cain and Colette, who are indeed hard at work on their creation. They make small talk for a few minutes until Anna decides she’s hungry, and they head to the food vendors to load up on carbs.
Dean nods. "Yup. She's picked out a few that she really likes, actually." He hauls himself off the couch and grabs the labels of the ones Cosmos had indicated she genuinely liked. "I kept the labels so that I don't forget which ones were the winners."
Dean waved Emma and Jack over to him. "You two go upstairs until me or Mama come and get you." They nodded and rushed upstairs and Dean stood up and squared his shoulders. "The paperwork is still with my lawyer, Lydia. I told you that we'd file them as soon as we got everything looked over."
Unfortunately, Dean’s not paying attention. Gabe hits him head-on in the bad one, and Dean goes down with a shout, ears ringing. He shakes his head to dispel the sound and pats Gabe on the head to console him before pushing the worried pup away.
Zuzu looks up at the cot's creaking, then heaves himself out of the nest of blankets and over to Dean. He lays his head down on Dean’s chest and blinks at him.
This is the signal from a Military Working Dog that they have located something. Usually, the signal is for them to sit down.
“Well, let’s see what we got,” Galloway says as Dean sets the box down on a table. “Leash, collar, Kong- Winchester, is this Uurzua’s stuff?”
it becomes a full-on chase through the whole building of four grown people—Krissy got in on it too after Kevin swiped her with some frosting—chasing each other around the bakery, trying to get as much frosting on each other as possible.
Castiel throws his head back and howls, calling his back to return to him. As one, the wolves turn and run full tilt back to their Alpha, trusting him to lead them home.
Meg nods. "I can get them fakes, for now, assuming the pack will let me have their personal information. I can get Frank to do it for me."
"So, what was that all about?" Castiel asks as he gets up and walks over to the rest of his clothes, pulling everything back on and settling his pack on his back. "Why did that wolf attack you?"
"Her hair has to stay moisturized, or it breaks. Aloe was the only thing we could get our hands on and keep around out here."
Thankfully, the electric company was sympathetic to the pack's plight and waived everything from the time they went missing to now, making sure the power was back on as quickly as they could manage. The homestead is on well water, so Benny heads out to prime it and gets the water clear.
He nods and retreats from the kitchen to his room. He's stopped by Benny at his door, holding a bundle of clothing.
Dean nodded as she jumped up and bustled over to a closed door. She knocked once before sticking her head in, talking excitedly. He watched her body language go from excited, to tense, and then to dejected as she pulled her head back and softly closed the door. She stood with her hand on the wood for a few seconds before she turned back to Dean.
Jody laughed. "Well, considering you two stopped an attempted kidnapping, it's the least that woman deserves. OK, I'm hanging up I'll be there in a sec."
Jess's laugh rings through the kitchen. "Oh man, you'll never be able to use that on me again Winchester! Cause now I'll just assume you're thinkin’ about Cas!"
Suddenly Dean felt awkward and uncomfortable, both because of the semen drying on his stomach and the realization that Cas’s erection was still digging into his hip. He pondered this for a few moments and then found the courage to ask.
‘Cas,’ he prayed ‘don’t do this. You can’t leave me. I can’t… I don’t know how to do this without you.’
Dean had never felt like this before. When he was with women, he was the dominant one. Castiel’s strength and confidence were both intimidating and arousing. For the first time, maybe ever, Dean felt safe, protected, cared for. Cas held him close and moved his hands slowly to Dean’s hips. His fingers tugged deftly at the waistband of Dean’s jeans and Dean felt his breath catch in his throat. Cas stopped and took his earlobe into his mouth, nibbling gently.
“What is it?” Cas asked with a low rumble. Dean shook his head in response and rested his face against his chest again. The two lie casually entwined and awake but silent.
design, not Chuck’s. All those years of fighting and falling and failing, they came together. This burden that only we could bear to fruition.” He paused and wavered.
“That’s great news!” Sam grinned. Garth nodded his head with enthusiasm and took a drink of his beer.
“Dean, what is it?” Cas asked again, but softer this time as he padded over to Dean, barefoot on the cold concrete floor. The angel crouched down in front of him intently. Dean sighed and shook his head. He couldn’t even think straight. How was he supposed to explain this?
“That sounds like a plan. Let’s go.” Dean responded. Castiel walked past him, suddenly aware of the distance between their bodies. He shut the door between the kitchen and the bedrooms of the bunker while the brothers watched him curiously.
“I am unconvinced.” He replied, only slightly mocking Cas’s tone of voice. Mischief glinted in both of their eyes, but the feigned innocence that spread over the angel’s face made him a little nervous.
“I’m so sorry.” Castiel choked out, his head still bowed. “Dean, could you ever forgive me?” The wall of stillness had finally buckled and Cas’s hands shook as the words rushed out of his mouth. “I heard every single one. When it got bad, Jack had no choice. He’d changed the rules about visiting Earth and I was like a rabid dog. I needed to be with you. Just to tell you that I was okay. That I’d see you again, and soon, and we would have the rest of time. That it was okay.” His voice broke and tears tumbled down his nose and he still would not look up. “That night…”
“No, I never did. I don’t think--” He cut himself off and chewed on the inside of his cheek and his thoughts.
Sam was in the kitchen drinking a beer and eating something green. Castiel was not surprised. He joined him at the table. Sam cleared his throat and looked at Cas quizzically.
“To Jack.” Ellen raised her glass with a grin and they all knocked back the dark liquor. Jo came around the corner and shrieked happily when she saw them. She ran to them and gave Dean and Sam a big hug.
“Cas.” he whispered, though he didn’t know why. The angel’s striking blue eyes slowly opened. “Come lie down. You’re creeping me out just sitting there… and I’m cold.” He added in a small voice. Castiel smiled and undressed to his shorts and undershirt as well, climbing into bed beside Dean. He swore he could almost hear the smile creep across his face. The two fell comfortably back into silence and sleep.
“Of course not.” Charlie said as she stood and smiled kindly at him. Castiel sighed with relief and bowed his head to her in greeting.
“It just doesn’t make sense, man. I know you said before you couldn’t answer, and you couldn’t tell me you were okay. But we spent months,
“Garth, you’re here!” Sam exclaimed. Confusion flushed his face. “I thought… I mean, with you being…” His voice trailed off awkwardly and he stammered as he struggled to find the words. Garth chuckled.
“I hadn’t considered it either, in truth. It wasn’t something I ever thought possible. I wanted…” Cas fumbled for words. “I wanted to. I want to.” He corrected himself.
Dean woke sometime several hours later, suddenly uncomfortable and a little cold. He began to work his jeans off his hips before he noticed Cas in the chair, pretending to sleep. He shimmied his pants off and discarded his flannel shirt as well before pulling the thick blanket over himself.
“Of course.” With a rush of wind, the angel was gone. Dean grabbed a fresh set of clothes and turned the shower on. He peeled his pants off and stepped under the steaming stream of water. His mind raced as he began to soap up and wash himself off.
Yeah, that would go great. Dean groaned and smashed his pillow over his face. Now he would never know. Why couldn’t he just tell Cas? Why did he wait for the last possible moment? What would have happened if they’d had this conversation a month ago? A year? Or five??
When Dean woke, he found his head against Castiel’s shoulder and his leg wrapped around him. The room seemed a little cold to him, but it only made their tangled bodies under the thick blanket even more enjoyable. He wasn’t entirely sure he wanted to get out of bed, ever. The light from the lamp at his bedside was just a little too bright and he reached over to turn it off, but hesitated. The memories of that night in that small cold room with Cas flooded him. And the nights after, when he would drink until everything seemed to be moving, not just the shadows. He felt a chill creep over him and he turned back to bury his face in Cas’s chest, leaving the light still steadily beaming against the shadows in the corners of the room. He shuddered ever so slightly and tried to get warm, but the bumps on his arms would not go away.
They lay together in comfortable silence, both a little shocked and fuzzy from what had just happened. Cas rested his head on Dean’s shoulder and they stayed there for several long minutes, quiet and content.
“Oh, really?” Charlie’s curiosity was piqued and her left eyebrow nearly flew to her hairline. “That sounds like a story I’d like to hear.” Dean blushed to the tips of his ears and turned his attention pointedly to the fire pit.
They had been alone in the bunker before, but this time was… different. Castiel had blinked the two of them into the library, and they stood there for a long time with Cas’s arm around Dean and the two of them looking for answers in the other’s eyes. Dean found it somehow both comforting and nerve-wracking. His first impulse was to pull away from the angel, but he discovered that he could not move.
“So, you never settled down. I mean, besides…” Her voice trailed off and Dean felt a pang as he thought of Lisa and Ben. That took a moment to push through, and he gave himself time to calm his voice.
“Oh, okay.” Dean felt both relieved and disappointed somehow. He wasn’t used to being the one being pampered in any situation. The two lay comfortably in each other’s arms in silence for nearly an hour. Dean almost fell asleep against Cas’s chest. Castiel’s voice woke him abruptly.
After a few minutes of comfortable silence, Dean kissed Cas gently above the collar of his shirt and whispered in his ear.
“Settled in... I didn’t even think about that. Bobby has his house. I wonder if there’s a bunker here.” Sam pondered.
“Dean, would you like to go home?” Cas’s voice was deep and rumbling. Dean felt a shiver run through him and the hair on the back of his neck stood up. He took Castiel’s shoulder in his hand and looked deep into his electric blue eyes. Trepidation trembled in his stomach and his legs… not to mention other places.
“Good to see you. Dean.” The voice rang out over Dean’s shoulder. He turned, and saw Garth standing there with his signature grin. The man held a shot glass up to Ellen, who filled it quickly and poured the others another round.
That was enough. Dean couldn’t hold on any longer. With a wordless cry, he came, covering both of their stomachs with his hot slick cum. Castiel kissed Dean deeply, his lips lingering. Dean collapsed against the bed, spent and at least a little overwhelmed.
“Jack pulled me from the Empty. He needed as many angels as he could get to fix heaven, and he missed my guidance.”
“I wanted to know that too. I was going to ask but…” Dean’s voice trailed off and his ears turned bright red. He didn’t finish his sentence but his eyes met Cas’s and the tension between them was palpable. Sam raised his eyebrows and smirked at them.
“He forbade all angels from visiting Earth. And I knew that if I responded to your prayers, I wouldn’t be able to resist going to see you both. It was… hard. But I knew you would be here soon enough, and that brought me some peace.” Cas shrugged. “I have spent quite a lot of time at the Roadhouse. Being around our comrades made it easier to wait.”
Tears came to Dean’s eyes too and he fought hard against them. That night. The night after everything was settled, with the smoke and dust cleared and Chuck was defeated and Jack was in Heaven, it had all struck him at once. The boys had gotten terribly drunk telling stories and laughing, but Sam had long since stumbled to bed. Dean kept drinking and looking at photos. They should have taken more. There were a lot of things they should have done more. Long drives without a purpose. Karaoke. Dean chuckled at the thought of making a regular karaoke night with Castiel, but his laughter quickly spiraled into sobs. They should have slowed down… or sped up.
“Well, it was a while before I found something that could actually take me down.” He boasted. Castiel rolled his eyes and Sam groaned.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” He stammered. Charlie smirked and settled back into her chair, taking a swig from her beer.
Dean fixated upon a particular pattern of tile in the bunker. All of the fear and frustration he had felt for the last few months bubbled out of him, like a pot set to boil that ran over, foam spilling onto the heat and hissing. His hands and arms began to ache but the skin over his knuckles didn’t split. This wasn’t working. With a swear, Dean kicked the wall and stormed into the kitchen. He took a beer from the fridge and sat down hard on the floor. He felt so tired. And angry. And stupid for being angry because what the hell was there to be angry about anymore? He was here with Cas in Jack’s heaven remake. Everything was going to be okay. Hell, everything already
“Cas, don’t.” Castiel’s face fell and tears welled in the corners of his eyes. He looked at the floor to hide his disappointment. Dean groaned and shook his head. “That’s not what I meant… goddamnit, I don’t know what I meant.” He sighed in frustration and reached out, cupping Cas’s jaw with his hand and turned his face up. Dean took a step closer, putting the two almost nose to nose. They looked at each other like it was the first time they met. Dean’s breath caught in his chest and he felt his face flush.
“I can take us back to the bunker whenever you would like.” Dean felt a flush rising in his cheeks at this, and caught Charlie staring at them intently. He stood, suddenly full of swagger and brimming with machismo.
“There is,” Castiel replied, “I made it just like the real bunker, but you can always change things if you’d like. I can take you there.” Sam and Dean glanced at each other and smiled.
Castiel stood in the shower, bracing himself against the wall. He ran his hand over his shaft slowly, revelling in the feeling. He hadn’t really done this before. He hadn’t needed to. But he was going over every moment of what had just happened, and his cock throbbed so that it was almost painful. Dean’s skin against his mouth was driving him wild. The shuddering cry as Dean came still echoed in his mind. Cas worked his hand over himself feverishly. Suddenly he felt his knees go weak and he grunted as he found release.
Castiel met Dean’s subtle but sharp green eyes and felt a quiver in his heart. Cas pulled away from him, not out of repulsion. He put his hands against Dean’s hips and held him away from him so that he could look more deeply into his captivating eyes. Castiel felt a thrill that started at the base of his spine and ran through his body, leaving his fingers tingling with heavy yet somehow delightful anticipation. Cas brought his hand up and delicately traced Dean’s freckles with a gentle fingertip. Dean’s breath caught in his chest and he was entranced. He quivered under the angel’s careful touch. Castiel’s heart beat hard and fast in his chest and his fingers lingered over Dean’s face.
The group was quickly surrounded by others they had lost along the way. Ash clapped the boys on the shoulders.
“Yes, when Cas told us, we definitely told literally everyone. Dean Winchester, man of legend, bearer of the Mark of Cain, savior of Apocalypse World, killed by a rusty nail.” Dean’s cheeks flushed and he chuckled.
“Cas, don’t go, I need you to know,” Dean slurred, “I love you. If you stay, you can have me. We can like get a cabin somewhere and be gay or whatever and... I have a dog. You’d like him. He’s nice like you… okay well you better wake me up or Imma be real… real sad. Real sad, Cas. And I don’t know how to be this sad… I just don’t.” His head fell back and a tear dried on his cheek as he fell deep into restless sleep.
okay and he was just being a pissy baby. Dean popped the cap off his beer and took a long drink. When he lowered the bottle, he saw Castiel lingering awkwardly in the doorway, looking worried and more than a little disapproving.
“I used to look at the stars a lot. But they just seem so much clearer here.” Dean looked at her with surprise. “What? That was one thing that LARPing was great for. I mean, the smoke from the fires would disturb the view sometimes, but even then, they were so much prettier there than in the city.” Charlie giggled slyly to herself. “Okay, that was ONE of several things that LARPing was great for.” Dean laughed at that. He rolled his head toward her, cutting his eyes at her with a lop-sided smile.
Castiel took Dean in his arms and pressed him back against the bed, climbing onto him. His movements were sudden, strong, and desperate. Dean could feel Castiel’s erection pressed against his own and shuddered. He moved his hand over the back of Cas’s slacks and pulled his hips in even closer. Castiel gasped and broke away from the kiss. He turned his attention to kissing and nibbling at Dean’s neck.
“Then tell me if you want me to stop.” Castiel popped the button on Dean’s pants and slid the zipper down. He kissed him deeply as he slipped his hand down further. When the angel’s hand closed around his aching cock, Dean cried out despite himself. Cas grinned wickedly and planted kisses along his jaw, down his throat, and across his collarbone. Dean groaned and bucked into his hand. He felt like an inexperienced teenager, clutching Cas’s head against him. For someone who prided himself on his skill in bed, he was very close to losing his grip. Cas trailed his lips down Dean’s sternum as it heaved with excitement. Castiel nuzzled his nose into the wispy curls on his chest. He teased his nipple with a few quick flicks of his tongue while his hand worked diligently on Dean’s shaft. Dean gasped as Cas’s mouth closed around his nipple and sucked gently. Dean gripped Cas’s hair and pushed him firmly closer.
Finally he got out of the shower and toweled off. He was surprised to notice that his dick was half hard again already, but shrugged it off and got dressed quickly. They had all the time in the world to figure this out. For now, he just wanted a cold beer and he knew the perfect place to get one. The Roadhouse.
After a moment, he heard a familiar rush of wings. His heart leapt into his throat and he froze. Dean closed his eyes for a moment and took a deep steady breath. It had to be Jack. It couldn’t possibly be--
“I didn’t think so either.” Dean replied softly. “It wasn’t until you were gone… I realized I was lost without you. I spent months wishing I had told you. I just, I didn’t know.” His voice cracked and he pulled Cas even closer. The two stood still, just holding each other. Dean buried his face in Castiel’s shoulder and gently nuzzled his neck.
“Do you want me to stop?” His voice was husky and teasing. Dean shook his head no and pushed himself further into Cas’s hand. Castiel flicked his tongue against his nipple again and chuckled.
“Dean…” Castiel’s voice wavered, but his ministrations did not. Dean looked at him expectantly. “I--” the angel hesitated,  “I just want to be here, with you, in whatever way you will have me.”
“Charlie!” He exclaimed. “I didn’t expect…” The joy in his heart began to crumble and falter. “You’re here. I’m so glad. I--” His breath came ragged for a moment. He remembered the last time he saw her so vividly. “I’m sorry.” Dean’s voice broke and he held her close to his chest. He felt her sigh and begin to pull away. Charlie’s eyes were serious and stone-like.
The guys went to check out their rooms and they were perfectly replicated as well. Dean sat on the foot of his bed, his head still spinning. Cas was here. They were all back together again. It was a lot to take in. Dean fell back on the bed and stared at the ceiling. He was thrilled, at peace, and more than a little nervous. All the prayers he had made over the months between Cas’s death and his own played through in his mind.
“You know, you can’t control how other people feel about you. I can’t speak for anyone else, but I wouldn’t change a single thing about what happened.” She said it so matter of factly.
Dean glanced at Castiel. The angel’s cheeks were flushed bright red and he seemed so small and unsure. Dean couldn’t remember the last time he looked… so human, so fragile. He reached out and put his hand on Cas’s shoulder comfortingly.
If only he could go back. If only Cas had told him about the deal, they could have done something. Anything. Instead, Cas hid it from them and now he was gone. Dead, Dean reminded himself. He’s dead and there’s no getting him back. Dean punched the wall of the shower, busting his knuckles against the cold wet tile. He braced his hands against the walls and bowed his head, blankly watching the blood swirl in the water and go down the drain.
"As delicious as that sounds, I really need to get going." Dean smiled, pulling cash out of his wallet and putting it down.
“I have to go.” He didn’t give Dean time to protest as he exited the booth and headed straight to his room. He felt unclean. He needed to pray for forgiveness but he was still too aroused to try and talk to God. After taking a few deep breaths he decided to take a shower, which he felt would purify his soul until he could find the strength to talk with God. Who did that guy think he was coming into Castiel’s church and behaving that way? What a monster. As the hot water ran down his bare body all he could hear was Dean’s words echoing.
“Fuck.” He breathed. Castiel never swore but had thrown caution to the wind. The strokes were shaky and out of rhythm but he didn’t care.
“Tell me I’m a pussy.” Castiel demanded as he examined the blood he spat onto Dean’s tight chest. Dean can’t even imagine the puzzled look he was giving this man he was so stunned he couldn’t speak momentarily as he realized his dick was rock hard from this encounter.
That’s all it took for Castiel to feel the release of pressure that had built at the base of his spine. He bit his lip as white hot ropes shot from his member and could only half stifle a groan that came from deep within his throat. He imagined the other man praising him in that gruff voice. Things like, “Yes, you’re so good for me…” and “I love when you cum for me, you’re so beautiful…” Once that high wore off he snapped back to reality. What has he done? He wants to regret it, he tries making himself feel guilty but its just not there. That man was just so fucking hot, God would certainly understand…right?
"I'm not sure why you haven't done that to begin with but yeah that's a good start." She laughed as she walked away from the order window.
“I don’t have much this should only take a few minutes.” Which he was right he only had a couple pairs of pants and shirts along with some basic necessities. Suddenly a voice came from behind them.
Castiel couldn't handle watching the gorgeous man fuck himself onto his finger anymore. He positioned himself in between Dean's thighs and lubed his dick, soft moans slipping from his bitten lip. The sounds cause Dean's hips to buck up, his body begging for Castiel's dick.
"Fuck, Dean, mmmm." He cried as he desperately jerked his dick, spurting hot white cum all over his bed. He fell limp upon it but was too high to care. It didn't take long before Dean's pace became faster and his groans more frequent.
Dean sat in silence for a moment, seeming as if he was turning over in his mind just how much he wanted to share with Cas.
"Cas, oh my fuck." Dean cried out as his dick spilled white hot rope onto his stomach, causing Castiel to lose control and cum inside him once again. Neither noticed the deep scratches forming upon Castiel's arms as they both groaned and whimpered.
“What’s wrong?” “I have to tell you something but I’m not supposed to.” Dean stared at the ground and Castiel’s stomach dropped.
“Fuck yes!” Castiel wept at the new angle Dean’s dick was pounding his prostate. Dean growled as he continued fucking into the other man as hard as he could. Castiel’s ass was stretching and burning but every time he thought the pain was too much, Dean would slam into that sweet spot, pain and pleasure flooding Castiel’s body with dopamine. Castiel realized they had both been moaning uncontrollably as Dean hammered into him, each thrust more pugnacious than the last.
"Cas, don't make me beg you. I want you to fuck me." Dean hummed into Castiel's ear as he nipped at his neck playfully.
Dean stood there with a hard expression as if thinking about how wrong this was but how he was still into it.
“What???” Dean scoffed. “You’re pissed that I won’t submit to you, that you don’t scare me. But don’t you wanna know why you don’t scare me?” Castiel asked as his eyes carelessly examined Dean’s physique. Dean didn’t answer, just stood there breathing heavily anticipating on an answer. Castiel stepped closer and stared Dean directly into his bright green eyes. “Kinda hard to be scared of someone you want to fuck.”
… The exploitation of Castiel’s throat stopped abruptly, Dean hissing as he slowly pulled Castiel’s mouth off of him.
“Pull my hair.” Dean demanded against Castiel’s full lips. He balled his fists up into Dean’s hair, pulling his head backward. Dean hissed at the pleasurable pain, impressed by the force behind the tug. He slowly looked down at Castiel.
Castiel stood there stunned and wide eyed. He swallowed hard as he tried to read Dean's facial expression.
"Oh my god." Dean gasped, grabbing onto to Castiel's hip possessively. Cas couldn't control the moans leaving him, he had never been fucked this good. He couldn't help but cry out in pure pleasure as Dean thrust into him hard but slow. Cas could feel Dean rolling his hips into him, hitting that sweet spot every time. It only took a few more thrusts into Cas to cause him to lose himself completely in ecstasy.
With surprising strength, Castiel managed to flip himself on top of Dean, straddling him with a smile.
“Uhh. Yeah continue.” His eyes were like daggers as he tried his best not punch Dean. Dean put his finger to his lips in a ‘hushing’ motion as he stood there smirking.
“Hope I’m on time, Father… I came a bit early just to make sure I was here when you were ready for me.” Oh fuck. That smile… that body. Without saying anything, Cas ushered him into the church trying to be as quiet as possible. They quickly swept the halls until they made a sharp turn to a single door in a nook at the end of a shallow hallway. Once they entered, Castiel checked the lock three times before he faced the other man.
“I don’t want to take this slow at all.” Cas’s voice was rough with desire and Dean felt his cock begin to stiffen. It was hard to believe how quickly the angel provoked these desires in him. He hesitated before leaning over and taking Castiel’s face in his hands again and kissing him soundly. Cas steadied himself, gripping Dean’s thigh and Dean moaned quietly against his lips. Castiel took this as encouragement and moved even closer to him, beginning to rub up and down his thigh sensually. Dean ached with need and pressed his chest against Cas, his tongue gently probing his mouth.
“I know, Cas. I just, I’m tired. I think I need to lie down.” Dean nuzzled his nose against Cas’s neck and the angel sighed happily.
“Well it’s ‘bout time you boys stopped by.” She raised her glass and gestured invitingly at the others on the bar. Dean, Sam, and Cas rushed the bar and each took a shot.
“If you want to stop, now would be a good time to do so.” Cas whispered huskily into Dean’s ear. His voice made chills run down Dean’s spine. Dean felt his dick throb in response and he instinctively ground his hips into Castiel’s. Instantly, Cas kissed him again and sat up, pulling Dean up with him. The angel’s rough hands stripped Dean of his shirt deftly. Dean hesitated for a  breath before pulling Cas’s tie loose. His fingers shook as he unbuttoned Cas’s shirt. Within moments, the two men’s bare chests were pressed together. Dean couldn’t think straight. Their legs were intertwined as Castiel lay him back carefully on the bed. Cas kissed him without reservation and cradled him in his arms.
He had sex with Castiel. Not like, sex sex, but definitely enough sex to be second guessing himself now. What in the world did this mean? There was no uncrossing that line, and he didn’t think he wanted to. Even just the thought of Cas’s husky voice telling him to cum sent chills through his body and made his cock stir. He wasn’t gay, he thought, but Castiel… that was different. Cas was something else. When he had the mark and was out palling around with Crowley, there were times he hadn’t cared about whether his target was a woman or a man. That was different, and somehow the same. After all, Cas wasn’t a man. He was an angel in a man’s body. If his vessel was female, they probably would have done the deed years ago. Dean sighed and let the hot water run down his neck and back. He scrubbed the evidence of their tryst from his body but was reluctant to leave the quiet solace of the shower.
“Do you want to stop?” Castiel murmured into his ear. Dean shivered and shook his head no. He tried to gather himself a little before replying.
“All right then, keep your secrets.” She quoted to him slyly, but the reference went clear over his head. Dean was already distracted by this train of thought and he had taken back to watching the flames dance. They sat again in silence. He had forgotten how easy it was to talk to her, and how easily she picked up on the things he did not say. He thought he should be more cautious, and then began wondering why he felt that way. This was Charlie. Of all people, she wouldn’t flinch. He was still wrestling with these ideas when the pair heard the Roadhouse door slam shut again.
It was hard to believe what had happened. And he wanted nothing more than to march back into Dean’s room  and take him fully. Just the thought of it made his face flush and his spent cock twitch in his hand. He was obsessed and he loved it. Cas washed himself off quickly and dressed.
“Jack… He felt like a monster at times too. He was appalled that all inhuman souls were damned to that eternal battleground. Now, inhumans go to Heaven or Hell, just like everyone else. If they desire Purgatory, that is their choice.” Cas continued. Dean and Sam laughed joyfully and clapped Garth on the shoulders.
“Cas… Cas, I’m--” Dean threw his head back and his leg twitched reflexively. “I’m close.” Castiel pulled away from his chest just a little and grinned at him.
“I’ll leave you boys… to… it.” She drawled keenly, raising her beer to the pair and sauntering back inside. Dean felt his chest tighten. Charlie was definitely too smart to keep in the dark for long, that would have to be addressed soon. But as soon as the thought formed, he heard the door slam behind her and then it was just Cas and him in the starlight. His heart thrummed in his throat and the distance between the two of them was instantly electric.
“I was surprised too! Apparently Jack changed more than a couple things around here. What with Dean’s stories of Purgatory, the boy was concerned about souls going there just because they weren’t human.” Garth shrugged and Cas nodded.
“Dean. I think I need to shower.” Dean’s face flushed red quickly and he sat up, instantly realizing the state he was in as well.
“It wasn’t your fault… but I wish you had told me about the deal before it was too late.” Dean chided him, but his eyes were soft and slightly sorrowful. Castiel brushed his lips gently against the freckles on Dean’s cheek.
“I didn’t want to hurt anyone else.” Charlie sat up sharply and turned to him, suddenly serious and soft, somehow at the same time.
The prayers. He shot upright, suddenly full of questions. There was a hesitant knock at his bedroom door.
Dean reached for the bottle of whiskey on his bedside table and drained the last few ounces. The pounding in his head softened and he managed to crawl out of bed and into the shower. He couldn’t remember the last time he got a good night’s sleep. Having Miracle helped, but even the sweet fluffy dog wasn’t a cure-all. Nothing could soothe the pain that Cas’s death had brought. It had been months and they had scoured every book they could find, but there was nothing that could be done about it. Cas was gone. Forever. It made Dean feel off balance and uneasy all the time, like there was something he had forgotten but he couldn’t put his finger on it. Not having his best friend there was like losing his arm. Every time the phone rang, or a case came up, he thought of Cas and the pain washed over him again, taking his breath away.
