“Three hours ago in Chelsea.” John informed her. He then closed his eyes and braced himself against whatever emotions he was feeling.
When it was time for cupcakes Sherlock pushed into the kitchen to help. He noticed John nodding at Willa behind his back while he argued the number 6 candle into the cake, it kept toppling.
Running away from it all wasn’t her style which led Sherlock to agree with the Yard’s postulation that there had been foul play involved in her disappearance. He’d have to talk to the boyfriend, the most likely suspect.
Stalk me:
“Have you two given statements?” Lestrade asked as he handed John his phone.
“The money didn’t seem odd to you?” He asked, once again, everyone looked at him surprised.
John and Sherlock exchanged glances, clearly having a silent debate as to whether or not a fire across the city was worth looking into.
Sherlock clasped John’s penis in his hand, wrapping his fingers around it and gradually tightening his grip while John hissed and bucked his hips, thrusting through the tight channel. “Oh, shi-“ he rasped, “Sherlock, like that, yeah. I could… I could come just like this, oh, from your hand.” Sherlock watched, fascinated, as John undulated his torso to thrust faster, foreskin stripping back then sliding over the shiny head as it pulled back, glistening with a clear fluid. John’s hands slid up to Sherlock’s shoulders, gripping hard, his head snapping back as he groaned something that sounded vaguely like Sherlock’s name, or possibly swearing. He thrust again: once, and then his body bowed with a savage push into Sherlock’s hand, and his cock shot strings of pearly fluid over Sherlock’s fingers and onto his own straining belly. He pushed a few more times, not producing much fluid but emitting a growling whoosh of breath with each thrust, then relaxed bonelessly into the pillows, panting like he had just run a race.
“John, stop it! He’s done!” Sherlock spun him until he was facing away from the person he had pummeled. Possibly a murderer, and definitely a criminal. The bloke had taken off running as soon as he had spotted them while ducking out the back of the seedy pub they had staked out in hopes of following him. John and Sherlock were after him in an instant, but their quarry was cagey; he had waited for them behind a skip and sucker-punched Sherlock in the stomach as he flashed around the corner in pursuit, knocking the breath out of him. The fugitive was about to put a boot in when he heard John barreling toward them, so he scarpered while his pursuers were delayed.
He covered John’s hand with his own, and leaned his head back against the seat, shutting his eyes. They’d make it work, and there would be honey on toast, one day.
John furrowed his brow and frowned.
The foreman let out an exasperated sound, one which was very familiar to John. “Christ, you fucking ponce, we’re not insured for anyone to be up there what’s not certified for steel work, and clipped in!”
John slumped back against the wall for a moment, grumbling. Then he stood and wiped his face roughly with his towel before wrapping it around his waist and stepping to the door, reining in the urge to give his friend a thorough bollocking for his rude entrance. All the hairs on his arms and the back of his neck were standing up, and his fingers and toes buzzed with vitality; he felt energized and ready for action. His body must still be revved up from his thoughts about his dream, as he had to readjust his towel to more adequately hide his half-hard prick, which had not subsided despite the blast of colder air. With a deep breath and plea to the heavens for patience, he went out to face whatever had Sherlock’s knickers in such a twist.
He cleared his throat, knowing there was something he had to do; it would weigh on him until he said it. “Um, Sherlock,” he began, then trailed off. He’d already had an emotional morning, did he really want to add to it?
was unspoken, but clear on his face. John wanted this Marjorie to stop pestering him enough to move well outside any previous areas of comfortable behavior. He really was disturbed by her attention.
“I was getting up for the loo,” John said, and discovered it was true; he needed the toilet rather urgently. He leaned forward to stand, and wobbled precariously while his legs remembered what they were for. Sherlock lunged forward to catch him by the elbows and steady him. John felt a draft of cool air across his bum - he was only wearing a hospital gown, open at the back. He scrabbled at the fabric to pull it around him again.
Sherlock seemed to pause to consider John’s point, lips pursed in a cupid’s-bow pout, before he reluctantly conceded. “I suppose you’re right, but if I stumble across something really singular, really interesting, I won’t hold back on following it up.” He pulled out his mobile and swiped across the screen, preparing to log onto the WiFi, before muttering a curse when he remembered the Internet would not be available that way. He’d have to suffer the relative slowness of his cellular connection.
He sat up and scrabbled for his phone on the bedside table to check the time. It had gone half ten! Bright sunshine shone through the window and illuminated his text notification. It was from John. - ‘You were out cold and clearly needed the rest. I’ve gone to find breakfast and have a look around the hotel. Text when you wake up.’
John was home again. Really home, as in moved back in, his bed made with tight hospital corners and his shoes lined up in the hall. It still seemed a little unreal to Sherlock, and certainly counted high among his blessings.
“Oh for God’s sake!” John reached over and pulled Sherlock over to him, pressing the curly head down onto his shoulder rather more firmly than perhaps was required, and slipped his hand onto Sherlock’s knee for moment, before flipping his hand over and grasping Sherlock’s own long fingers. “Can you occupy your mind with this practice, please? Before I resort to violence?”
Grey turned her head to the audience:
It felt good to have her little body in his arms again; in their kitchen, without the strangeness of a visit to a facility, without the expectation of separation when their time was up. If he wanted, he could carry her around all day.
This Sunday morning, Sherlock was particularly distracted by lazy-day details. As Spring rolled along, it was warm enough to forego slippers and thick bathrobes. John’s sleep shirt, a grey Tshirt stretched out and threadbare in places, kept slipping off to one side and exposing unfair amounts of collarbone and trapezius to derail his train of thought. Which had already been following a worn track of trim ankles and bare feet, biceps flexing while eggs scrambled, and that strip of waist that had flashed when something on the top shelf of the cupboard was needed.
“Yeah.”
He would just have to live with it, he decided. He loved John, and he was certain John loved him as much as he could love any man. That would have to be enough. He would make it be enough.
John snickered, which bloomed into a full-blown laugh as he pictured making Sherlock go for a run when he was stymied on a case. “I know someone who you’d never convince of that, though he’d probably benefit from it.” Feeling sticky and hot in his hoodie, he zipped it open and flapped the sides to circulate some air into his armpits.
John nodded, and turned to slip off his shoes, then headed into the kitchen to see Rosie. There she was, ensconced in her highchair, a decimated bowl of pasta and soft carrots spread out on the tray in front of her. She was whacking her spoon against the surface and shrieking for some reason of her own, and John blinked at the cacophony. “Hey now, Rosie,” he soothed, “what’s all this fuss?”
They moved to the door, and John’s hand on his lower back was warm and firm as he was ushered through.
“I just… I don’t see how this will help me be better at coping with my life, yeah?” John scrubbed at his face with his hands, then wiped his damp palms on his thighs. “I mean, it will just complicate my relationship with Sh-” he coughed, then cleared his throat, “er, him, if I’m distracted by this all of a sudden.” John wondered if his face was actually glowing with the heat of his blush; it certainly felt like it.
Rosie was warm on his chest, her limbs relaxed and limp as she snoozed. John could smell her under his chin; that undefinable baby-smell that was so sweet. He remembered being amazed by that fragrance when he and Mary had brought her home; he’d sit in a chair with her and just breathe it. “Bonding pheromones,” Mary had said. “You’re bonding to her.”
After a beat of silence, John agreed. “Well, yeah. He’s my best friend.”
“Then I’ll take Jeremy here and be on about our work getting the other patients settled back down.” She snagged her compatriot by the elbow to get him moving, and shot the still-immobile Sherlock a wearily unflappable stare. “Sir, as you can see,” she addressed him, “Dr Watson is fine. Perhaps in future you can avoid making a scene until you’re certain it’s warranted, hmm?”
The changing room door opened, and John tentatively stepped out. The light grey fabric of the suit seemed to shimmer in the bright, indirect lighting of the changing area, and the high cut neckline of the matching waistcoat framed his square jaw, contrasted by a charcoal dress shirt and vivid sapphire tie. His eyes glowed endless blue as the lights caught them. John shuffled nervously as he regarded Sherlock.
“Yeah,” John gasped, increasingly aware of his labored breathing and tired legs, “I really have, I think.”
Sherlock peered at him a moment, then snorted. “Bloody nightmare, far as they’re concerned.” He grinned, the expression a little feral and very much imperious. “I haven’t the patience for idiots that you seem to cultivate. Shall we?” he whirled and led the way into the glass-fronted entryway. John heaved a breath in… then out, straightened his spine, and marched through the doors after his friend.
John recovered himself in the face of her mirth. “Well, you can expect a nice bonus at Christmas, then,” he snarked. “Maybe a ham.” He well knew Amina was an ardent vegetarian, and she made to cuff his shoulder again - which John dodged, twisting and bumping Sherlock. “Hey now, keep that up and it’ll be a box of steaks.”
“Have you anything else on right now, then? I wouldn’t mind some company,” John suggested. “Though I’m not up for a long walk or anything; my legs are surprisingly tired.” He leaned forward to rub at the back of his left calf, which had started to cramp a little. He’d probably need to stretch it out more later. He cursed at the awkward position of leaning forward to squeeze the meaty part of his lower leg.
that altered John’s perception of his father forever. Not a man any longer, but a monster who would threaten his daughter with gang rape and leave his son on the floor, passed out from the pain of his dislocated shoulder.
He raised his clasped hands to his lips and spoke from behind them. “And, even though I was attacking you, I notice you didn’t jump on me, or even get all that angry.”
“Ah, no, two’s my limit, since we’re going to have lunch later. What do you want to do, then? Have you had tea yet? I could use a cup, and there’s a café off the breakfast hall.”
“You’re the one who always tells me we need food for these ‘escapades,’” Sherlock indicated the air quotes with his eyebrows, “and even I know the heat will do you good. I think you should eat.”
They arrived at the construction site a short time later. It was a grim place, with a chain-link fence surrounding a large area peppered with piles of rubble left from a demolished building, and the lonely silhouette of the new building’s unfinished iron skeleton rising four stories above their heads. Work had been halted while the initial investigation proceeded. A glowering foreman let them through the gate with poorly-concealed impatience, prompting Sherlock to sneer frostily as they entered. John hoped the foreman wouldn’t stick around; the last thing they needed was Sherlock getting the bloke’s knickers in a twist because he didn’t like his attitude.
“Sher. Lock!” John said loudly, leaning over to more pointedly address his oblivious friend. Sherlock twitched and regarded John, who had clearly been trying to get his attention for some time. The shirt had slid forward, revealing both collarbones with perfect framing by the drooping neckline. Sherlock resolutely did not wonder what they tasted like. “Do. You. Want. Eggs!”
friend by the shoulders and was shaking him sharply to punctuate his rant. “I think I should sit down,” Sherlock suggested.
The bright triangle of flesh filled his vision as he squirmed uncomfortably on his bed.
“I think I understand, John. You’re right, and I will look for someone to love who can love me back. He couldn’t be as wonderful as you, of course. But… but if things turn out that we’re both alone when I turn forty… we still have your promise to fall back on, right? You’re not taking it back, are you?” Marjorie’s fingers clamped tight on his hand where they clasped in the dance, and her eyes seemed to bore into his own.
“Now, I don’t know about you,” Duck continued, “but I have to piss like a racehorse, and I suspect you’ve had enough excitement for one morning. Meet here tomorrow, same time, for a run and a talk?”
(See the end of the chapter for
John gaped at him for an incredibly long thirty seconds, then began to splutter. “No! What? No, Sherlock, I never was with Marjorie! God, no.” He chuckled breathily, shaking his head. “No, but she did have a pretty heavy crush on me, I guess.” He pushed up out of his chair and began to pace a few steps back and forth, gesturing vaguely with his hands. “and then I… uh… I guess I… sort of…”
the text read. Sherlock snorted. The clock at the top of the screen read 4:33 PM.
“Just a graze,” Sherlock said. “Barely clipped me.” His voice was tight with pain and something more, something in his eyes pleading with John to let it go.
Sherlock recounted the events of last night: the discovery that Marjorie was a murderer, his frantic search for John, finding Marjorie dragging him towards a car, taking her down and calling the police.
The music changed as the stage cleared; a new crop of dancers came out in top hats and tails, but again, with a decidedly leathery, zippery bondage-gear feel to it. Some of the top hats had attached gimp masks, even, and the usual canes for dancing this kind of routine were swapped for riding crops or cat o'nine tails. The lead was a slim androgynous figure with a cane that glowed like a lightsaber as they lip-synced to the buttery tenor on the track. John was not part of this piece, so Sherlock devoted a portion of his attention to storing John’s fox outfit and dance routine in the wing of his Mind Palace devoted to his lover. It was filled almost to overflowing with vignettes of John; he would need to renovate in there (again) soon.
Sherlock returned his grin and jumped back to his feet. “And that’s what we do best, don’t we?” and he leaned down in his exuberance and kissed John soundly on the lips.
way Sherlock looked at John sometimes when he thought John couldn’t see. Such meekness didn’t suit his direct, forthright friend. It stirred his guilt; Sherlock, being especially kind to him, coddling him - not setting him off. Keeping him from being dangerous. From hurting Sherlock again, or someone else.
When John disappeared into the cubicle to change and had reluctantly accepted two more dress shirts and a stunning deep blue tie which was flung over the door, Sherlock took a moment to regard himself in the three-way mirror in the corner. His eyes were shining, his color was high, his hair a bit tousled in his enthusiasm. His fingertips were tingling. He could not have anticipated how affected he would be by actually getting to bring John here and put him in something that would do his rugged looks justice. John was solidly handsome, not strange and exotic like Sherlock’s own features, and so needed more deliberate presentation to bring out his best. Just choosing from the possibilities had Sherlock wanting to press himself up to John and breathe against his skin. He wanted… something, he wasn’t sure, but his scar had opinions on the topic and so did his groin. He distracted himself with a display of smooth, soft cashmere jumpers in jewel tones. Oh yes, one of those would come home with them, too.
His bed felt lovely; soft but firm and supportive. Mary had picked them a great mattress, and he wiggled into the center of it, encroaching on what was often still ‘her’ side.
To his surprise, Sherlock slowed his pace until John had caught up with him. “Where on the structure would be the best spot for a clean shot, John?” he asked as John came up to his side.
John looked over at Sherlock, still with that crooked grin, and held his gaze as he replied “Well, it’s a little new but, yeah, I think we have, actually.”
“Doesn’t look like nothing,” she pointed out. “Looks like a bunch of ruddy great bruises in a collar around your neck. Is there someone I have to go teach a lesson in playing nice?”
Greg clapped John on the shoulder one more time. “Yeah, all set. John, next round of pints are on me, and we’ll do it soon, yeah?”
“Fine. We have an appointment with my tailor this afternoon. As for the rest, just do what you think is appropriate, and I’ll do the same. Do you have restrictions?”
He headed for the freezer surrounded by the happy sounds of enthusiastic agreement.
“I’ll start on Saturday, then.”
Surprisingly, not as much as he had expected. That something like this would happen between them seemed so inevitable, slotting into his psyche with tectonic finality, changing his internal landscape forever.
Hours later when John came home with a bag smelling of Indian takeaway, Sherlock had moved on from his contemplative mood and greeted his friend with enthusiasm and actual appetite. The two worked into the evening on their respective projects, John on his blog post and Sherlock on his write-up of the low-pressure experiments, bouncing ideas back and forth as the thought occurred. Sherlock took himself off to bed when John said goodnight; no sense in writing that he’d just redo when John got a look at it. As he lay under the cool covers, waiting for them to warm up, it occurred to him that the evening had been almost exactly like the vision of home in his head while he was away. The thought followed him to sleep, and his dreams were hazy with firelight and shared companionship.
“So, what’s the problem, then? Because I think you’re absolutely the right person for me, whether we have sex like crazed weasels or never go beyond some excellent snogging like we’ve already done.”
It was eerie when Sherlock seemed to know what he was thinking. “I should hope not,” John retorted under his breath, “You’d never get the smell out of your coat.”
“Sev- are you saying it wasn’t seven?”
He felt a gentle hand brush his fringe back from his forehead. “Sleep, John.” He fell asleep to the sensation of long fingers stroking his hair.
He burrowed back into the covers.
“John! How wonderful to see you! How long has it been?” she gushed, breaking into the anecdote her father was relating to them to pull John into a close hug. John tried to keep his distance and patted her back stiffly, eyeing Sherlock over her shoulder. Her voice had a slightly hard note to it; Sherlock hated it immediately.
“Is it wrong for
The door shut behind them with a quiet click, and they were alone together in their room. John stepped into the bathroom for a moment, and Sherlock slipped off his shoes and sat on the bed. He was still uncertain about his ability to please John, but he was determined to try. He reviewed the few interludes they had had already, and the kiss from that morning; his responses had been very much instinctual, but John had not seemed disappointed – well, except that they had to stop.
He and Harriet (“Call me Harry, you little twat! I’m not some swooning lady!”) went to live with their Aunt in Brighton. It was simpler for him than for his sister; sixteen years old was not an easy age to lose one’s parents, change schools, or come out. She did all three at the same time. John was more easygoing on the surface; people liked him and generally missed the simmering anger he kept well-hidden – at his parents for dying, at their drinking and how it made them treat their kids, at himself for how little he seemed to miss them.
and here she swung her leg entirely over the dancer’s head, slotting down in front of him on the motorcycle and winding both legs up around his waist; he flashed the brightest of white, toothy, delighted grins -
“Oh, my God… Sherlock, I… I got carried away,” he said shamefacedly. “That was…” (
John groaned loudly. “Fuck. Yeah, alright, no rest for the bloody weary, fine.” He pinned Duck with a grouchy stare. “Can I at least have a doctor’s note requiring afternoon naps? I think I could use a few of those.”
John smiled. “Well, we just have to get through the rest of this afternoon, then. Think we can manage?”
“I’ve found that exercising with the people I counsel has multiple benefits - you can bond over a bastard of a hill or that last set of bicep curls, to start. And in my opinion, people think differently when they exercise, their brains operate differently. I can’t tell you the number of my clients who have had some kind of revelation or ah-ha moment during a run or a swim or a long ride on their bicycle. You’re moving a bloody ton of oxygen around your body, focusing your mind on moving yourself, so you don’t scrutinize and censor your higher thoughts in the same way you would if you were just hanging about and thinking hard.”
Dr Harrington shot him a surprised look. “Her Mum is gone?”
It was Sherlock’s turn to gape and splutter. “Sorry? What was that?”
“Look, mate, I just - er, I thought you might be in a bad way before… everything, and I didn’t say anything when I should have. I’m sorry for that. When I think what could’ve…” He cleared his throat. “But policemen, see, we…” he squeezed John’s shoulder again. “We’re not exactly immune to what you’re going through, y’know? The job gets to you, sometimes. Or life, or whatever, and once in a while it gets to be too much.”
John frowned at the floor, then transferred it to Sherlock’s face. “What? You do?”
John shook his head. “Almost none of healed ones, even in the service. You lost the leg in Iraq? Was it at the same time as the neck wound?”
Leaning back had the added benefit of making a bit of room in his trousers; John in his skintight fox outfit was... very stimulating indeed. John maneuvered his dance partner in a pair of swings to either side of his hips, then dipped her deeply to one side, resting her on his bent leg as he dropped into a lunge and seemed to stroke her from neck to knees. Sherlock knew John was a professional and a gentleman, so he would not be feeling up a cast member in front of an audience, but it was quite a convincing facsimile.
Sherlock blinked rapidly for a minute, then looked down at the rounded back and silvering head bent over the table, occasionally scribbling an unintelligible signature on a page. His full lips twitched upwards, softly. He regarded Duck levelly. “I think we can manage that.”
“Don’t say that, John!”
Sherlock shifted uncomfortably on the sofa for a moment; turning over to face the room but not opening his eyes. He didn’t like to dwell on the period that followed – his slide into despair, locked in a cell as he was informed he would be sent to Serbia on Mycroft’s suicide mission, leaving John unprotected with his wife a still-unknown factor. The drugs were the only way to cope, really. With his confinement, with the scene on the tarmac, with the emotional sendoff that he thought was the last time he would ever see John’s earnest face. He wanted to speak his feelings aloud in that moment, more than almost anything - but couldn’t bring himself to do it when he realized his last memory of John would be uncomfortable hemming and hawing over the unexpected sentimentality. Much better to make him laugh, and cherish the wry lines of the crow’s feet by his friend’s eyes and the strength of their hands, clasped together.
“Dr Watson, is everything all right?” she asked.
Before Lestrade could answer, Sherlock cut in. “Why call me, Lestrade?”
They spent rest of the afternoon in bed. John dozed off soon after Sherlock had rolled off him and they had cleaned up with flannels from the bathroom. Sherlock couldn’t sleep, though his body felt filled with lassitude; he cataloged the events of the day into his mind palace, and added a naked, debauched John to the mannequins in the wardrobe; that was one worth keeping, for certain.
~~oOo~~
it whispered.
“Er,” John hedged. He’d have to get right up close to Sherlock to get a line on the shot. “Are you sure that’s a good idea?”
John’s mouth opened to retort indignantly, and he felt his cheeks heat up, but no words formed in his mind. He tried again - nothing.
John was pleased to see he’d been correct; when they made it to the far corner of the structure, it was clear their slingshot sniper had set up there and not up another level. There were another set of scratched marks in the iron of the vertical girder that formed the corner of the building, as well as an area of damp footprints, too smeared to be discernible, but clearly tracks of fresh mud from the site below.
“I am so glad you’re joining the family,” he gasped as he regained his composure and pressed Clara into a hug.
Usually, John knew Sherlock enjoyed Amina’s bullishness, finding her unwillingness to dance around an awkward or uncomfortable topic refreshing. This morning, however, his tone was cold and his answers short.
For tonight’s outing, he had redressed in some of his finest: a deep sapphire silk shirt open at the throat to the third button, and a smooth, black suit, tailored to cling to his form and emphasize his long lean neck and rounded rear, arguably his best features. John loved him in this outfit; he had stuttered and licked his lips obsessively all night the first time Sherlock had worn it for him. In keeping with the plan, Sherlock had styled his hair in a sleek swept-back shape that slicked his curls into lustrous waves close to his head. He had even dipped into John’s own bag of tricks, carefully applying sooty eyeliner and shimmering eye shadow to his lids in a color that matched the shirt and caused his kaleidoscopic irises to flash blue one moment, green the next. Sherlock was determined that John should suffer some of the torture that today’s waiting had inflicted on him, and seeing him in the audience looking like some kind of David Bowie wannabe would drive his lover a little bit mental. He couldn’t wait to see John’s face.
His friend’s ascetic face remained stony as he regarded the two adults at the table. “I’d prefer a whole pig, John - I could do ballistics experiments with it.” Amina’s expression went a little glassy at this, and John strove to salvage the relaxed vibe of their conversation.
“You’re not wrong, John. But let me ask you - does it really matter? Now, today - does that experience matter anymore, to the life you’ll be living going forward?”
As a man who prided himself on his control of his transport, Sherlock was annoyed by all the erections the practice period engendered. Either he was half aroused from anticipating the next time he or John would initiate contact, or he was remembering a previous instance as it came to attention (so to speak), or John was absentmindedly caressing his thigh and he was carefully loosening his coat to hide the resultant tenting. For God’s sake! He hadn’t sprung this many stiffys even when he was a teenager; surely John would notice? That would certainly give the game away. He would have to look for some techniques to discourage the physical response; he would not give up the cab-leg moments for as long as he could have them.
John huffed a laugh. “I’m surprised your Mum looked up from the bum buffet,” he quipped, trying to make light of his unease. Clara swatted his shoulder. “Marjorie confessed she had a crush on me the last time I saw her," he sighed. "And I get the feeling it hasn’t gone away in the years since. I’ll talk to her and hopefully that will be the end of it. I ship out next month, anyway, so there’s not much more to be said, right?”
“That’s just what Duck is on about; if you’re focused on exercising, your brain can get on with the sorting that much faster.”
“Look, I know this is asking a lot, and I’m a right bastard for even considering it… but…” he cleared his throat. “Stephen’s wedding is next week, and we don’t seem to have anything on, so I was wondering if – well, if – you’d… come to the wedding. To show Marjorie that there’s no hope of her being with me.”
He stepped back to his suit and put on the waistcoat and jacket, hurrying to do up the buttons, then stepped back into a motionless Sherlock’s personal space to look up into his eyes. “Look, when this stupid wedding is over, we’ll talk about this week and… and what it… we’ll talk. Okay?”
John drank his own tea, blankly waiting for Sherlock to drift off as the painkiller dulled the sting of his friend’s wound and encouraged exhaustion to pull him under. When mercurial eyes finally closed and the stark lines of his friend’s face had slackened into sleep, John quietly rose and rinsed his mug in the kitchen sink. Then, as he did each night, he made a circuit of the flat before going to his own room. Front door, back door, windows in sitting room, kitchen and bathroom, Amina’s door (though he never went in, he wasn’t a creep), Rosie’s room; he checked that they were secure and all was well.
. His John. Who had kissed him
Duck shrugged. “It’s always a possibility, with the populations I tend to work with. I’ll ask you one more uncomfortable question, and then I’ll let you go.” He leaned back in his chair, body language open and unthreatening. “If you go home, do you think you’ll try to kill yourself again?”
“Um, 308, I think? We’re all on the same hall.”
Sherlock nodded, and stepped out into the hall. Before he had fully disappeared, John called, “And bring some decent tea, for chrissake!”
“John was defending me, Lestrade,” Sherlock said smoothly. “There was a... fight.”
“He could have killed YOU!” Sherlock thundered. “I couldn’t let that happen!”
John felt the tips of his ears heat with color. “Ah, you knew about that, eh?”
A bowl of bland gruel bouncing off the cabinets to the sound of Rosie’s frightened cries.
Sherlock was captivated; the standing split hiked the mini-dress up almost to her waist, revealing a pair of shimmery, lacy, silver knickers along with the scarlet garters from the last verse. The lighting over the stage made the Lady shine, a bright spot of color in the sea of black clothed dancers. Her dancer seemed to sag with lust as he dropped to the motorcycle seat, lips sliding up Lady Grey’s booted thigh toward the scanty knickers. If Sherlock had hated that dancer before, it was nothing to how he felt now.
John, who had little interest in bees, still kept right by them and watched Sherlock with evident pleasure at his enthusiasm. When the beekeeper took her leave, pleading an appointment, Sherlock agreeably walked along with John, hands waving as he expounded on his admiration for a hard-working insect. “They are a marvel of evolution, John. A super-organism comprised of many individuals, each performing different tasks for the hive the way our organs do for our bodies.”
A moment passed. “Do what, John?” Duck asked curiously.
) and smiled faintly. He had been flashing back to the kiss at lunch all day, revolving it in his mind palace to relive it from every angle; he wondered if he dared steal one now. From what he had observed of other couples, this was the kind of situation where not-pretend lovers would be affectionate. He scanned the room for observers – plenty of them, good - and when his gaze returned to John’s face he raised an eyebrow; question tinged with challenge. John gave the tiniest of nods, never looking away from the face above him, then tilted his head up to meet Sherlock bending down.
With a long, shuddering sigh, Sherlock said “alright, John. I’ll come back tomorrow.” The sad note in Sherlock’s voice added to the tightness in John’s chest; everything seemed to be affecting him that way. John heard the rustling of fabrics as Sherlock donned his greatcoat, then slow footsteps across the room and the clunking of the door.
John leaned back into the sofa cushions, hands coming up to rub his face briefly, then scrub through his hair again. He slumped into the sofa’s embrace and tipped his head back; it was soft but supported him well. “Maybe the note I wrote was in that file you have, I don’t know. Anyhow... I told Sherlock that I was doing it to protect him. From me. Because I couldn’t control my anger, and the lashing out, is that what you called it? Hurting people for no good reason. Hurting him. Me - I hurt him. I throttled him when he woke me from a nightmare. I shot him by mistake instead of protecting him from a killer. Once I beat him bloody when he was hallucinating, off his tits on drugs. I was always hurting him when I couldn’t cope.
When that was done, he offered his hand to John to raise him from the sofa and lead him to the vanity. “The wig first, I presume?”
In the madness that followed, initially blurred by drugs, eventually smeared with exhaustion and the rollercoaster pace of events, Sherlock hardly had a second to contemplate his experience of the finer emotions. That didn’t stop his brain from squirreling away moments to be pulled out and examined later. John, arriving at the flat with a new haircut that had Sherlock silent and blinking for a full two minutes, heart beating frantically in his chest. John, awkwardly thrilled to have his baby tucked against him in a carrier, out for a stroll. The fond indulgence on John’s face when a grinning Sherlock looked up from scratching that bloodhound behind the ears. John’s expression when he discovered his wife was gone and his baby daughter with her; raw in a way Sherlock had never seen before, mutely pleading with Sherlock - with the world - to change the truth. He didn’t like how that moment made him feel, but he couldn’t delete it. He never could delete anything about John.
There was a lull in the obligatory activities of the reception while the slow eaters finished, the gluttons went for seconds and everyone went for more drinks; which the DJ filled with music for dancing. Nothing too poppy or techno – that would come later in the evening; for now it was couples on the floor swaying to oldies and ballads. Sherlock was pleased to note several same-sex pairs out there, including two male-male couples – he leaned back in his chair and followed their twirls with his eyes, entirely diverted even from John for the moment.
John looked again, back and forth. “It’s not right,” he hazarded, “if the hammer was embedded in his head when he went down, then it's wrong that the hammer ended up under his shoulder like that.” Sherlock was nodding, his sharp eyes dissecting every detail of the area before them. “So, maybe the hammer isn’t the murder weapon after all…” John trailed off, pursing his lips as he contemplated the change in assumptions.
The foreman groaned when he heard that that another part of his work site would need to be cordoned off while the forensics people did their work. “And do they have steel certificates, then? Or your own insurance, eh? I’m not gonna take responsibility for a load of city boys falling off my steelworks!” Lestrade turned to the task of calming the man, while Sherlock and John walked back toward the taped-off crime scene area.
, oh, no. Sherlock could almost feel John’s hands sweeping down his flanks as he laid against a sturdy thigh, dizzy from the spins and John’s proximity. He took a gulp of his scotch and smiled as John’s eyes blatantly followed the lift and drop of his Adam’s apple. John winked from behind the mask and it seemed to smile wickedly.
“Hang on, I never said there was a particular man!” John backpedaled frantically, glowering.
He decided to play his violin; John’s favorites to start, then variations of his own on those themes. He occasionally glanced at John for a reaction, and was rewarded every time with a nodding head, relaxed smile, and steady attention until he looked away. Helping, indeed.
No one spoke for a long moment, then Sherlock sat himself in the chair by the bedside. “Doctor, is there anything else you needed to discuss with John right now? Otherwise perhaps we could talk again later.”
“Not if I can help it, it won’t. Actually, that’s something I should talk with you about,” John described his appointment schedule for the next little while, that he’d be out in the mornings to see Duck and get back into training. Amina nodded and smiled wide at that; seemed she approved of Duck’s approach.
Sherlock nodded, pushing back from the girder a bit and dusting himself down the front. His cheeks were again pinkened, and so were his ears and nose. He crossed his arms over his chest, tucking long fingers into his armpits. “We’ll check that.”
~~oOo~~
“Sherlock?” John’s tentative voice penetrated the deluge of thoughts and sensations. Sherlock looked down at his friend, who watched him apprehensively, miserable with waiting.
The ride was a long one, and by the time they arrived John had dozed and surfaced back to consciousness several times. Each time, Sherlock was there, looking at John with an inscrutable stare, or seemingly gazing out the window, though John noticed his own reflection in the glass directly in Sherlock’s line of sight. His friend was keeping John in view; keeping an eye on him; keeping him safe.
But he was sure he had seen it, absolutely certain. Sherlock Holmes, wearing a watery, tremulous smile that spoke of deep relief. Perhaps the man hadn’t believed that Rosie could have such a profound effect on John. Perhaps he was just glad she had.
A photo came through; the silver bark of the tree marred by two narrow, deep grooves where the pale splinters of wood showed through, framed by Sherlock’s wool-coated shoulder and open collar. The stark light of the flash made the wood shine as brightly as the vee of Sherlock’s white skin at his throat, casting the lines of tendons and muscle and clean-shaven jaw into sharp relief. John blinked at it for a moment, then concentrated on the gashes in the bark. What could have made a cut like that?
He slipped away into the darkness.
Next to him, he heard a gasp of in-drawn breath, and a shadow fell across his face as someone blocked the lights by leaning over him. “John?” Sherlock’s usually resonant voice was ragged with exhaustion, and tight with something John had never heard in it before.
“Yeah?” Duck responded, “Did you take an injury to your leg?” He turned to jog a few steps sideways, looking John’s stride over. “Your file only mentioned the shoulder, and you’d never know now.”
Sherlock woke slowly, languidly rising out of slumber into the late afternoon sunlight leaking past the drawn curtains in his bedroom.
He left John to pay the fare as usual, but waited for him at the door of the shop full of ready-to-wear, high-quality suits and assorted men’s clothes. John uncomfortably scanned the interior as he entered; noting the lack of price tags immediately and with trepidation. “Sherlock, how much is this going to cost? I don’t think I can afford a new suit like this.” He indicated a flashy shop figure swathed in rich mahogany fabric with a muted shimmer.
They had made it to the train station with plenty of time, after stopping for an early dinner at Angelo’s. Never had Sherlock been so hyper-aware of his proximity to John while at a restaurant. They were practically on top of each other! He was not able to decide where to put his hands until the food came and he could be occupied with his utensils. At one point, he extended a leg under the table, and entirely by accident slid his foot along John’s ankle. John fixed him with a perplexed eye and asked if they were still practicing? Sherlock had brazened it out, stating one couldn’t be too prepared, and hidden his blush behind his fringe while attending to his plate.
“What?” John managed.
As the shirt tails peeled back, it became clear the wound was not from a knife. “Sherlock... this is a bullet wound.” John said quietly.
Sherlock’s stomach dropped and his eyes narrowed. “Your step-relative-whatever-woman?” That couldn’t be right. John’s email to her had been cool and implied not the slightest bit of interest.
“’Night Sherlock.”
“We’ve got some time to kill,” John went on, oblivious to his friend’s preoccupation. “What do you want to do?”
“And then the police, once they had woken her up and cuffed her and read her rights, just had to sit back with a pencil while she confessed to the whole thing. Well, more ranted it, but essentially confessed. She was rather doped with that spray, so I don’t know if it will stick in court, but she dropped enough details that even a bunch of ham-fisted imbeciles like the local force should be able to build a decent case.” He sat up himself, punching a superfluous pillow off the side of the bed. “I offered my services should they need help, of course,” he added loftily.
“Watch me,” John said, and pressed forward, pushing into Sherlock’s loosened passage. “Don’t close your eyes.” He paused, allowing them time to acclimate to the fullness, the tightness of their connection. “See me, Sherlock. Nobody sees me like you do.” His hips came to rest against Sherlock’s buttocks, fully seated. Again he paused so they could adjust, ever the gentleman.
And then, John blinked and turned back to the table, clearing his throat. “So, er, I guess there’s a little more news to pass along,” he said sheepishly.
Afghanistan was exhilarating, amazing, terrifying, perilous. It was trembling with adrenaline after a push, and trying not to piss yourself when the bullets flew close to your ear, and holding the needle steady when you were suturing a torn artery before the newest recruit could bleed out under your hands. John thinks he was made for this place, when he is both rested enough to stay awake and has a quiet moment to consider.
John’s hand let go of his cock, and he blinked his eyes open at the loss, looking quizzically at his lover. John rolled to his back, bringing Sherlock over on top of him, long body between John’s legs. “Here now, like this, just here…” John arranged them so that Sherlock was pressed in the cradle of John’s hip, slippery with his ejaculate. Sherlock’s own cock was dripping copiously now, adding to the slick slide, and he found he could not help but rock forward and back, rubbing himself against John’s soft belly. John’s hands moved to cup Sherlock’s buttocks, squeezing them, pulling them apart and forward, fingers dipping toward his crack and oh, that was… Sherlock’s body thrust again, faster, then pushed eagerly back into the hands on his arse.
John paused, a warm feeling of fond happiness suffusing him and pushing back the swirling anxiousness of the morning. “Hiya,” he offered.
~~oOo~~
“That’s good. Great! Well, terrific. Now, I’m here to go over with you how your care will go for the next few days-”
Sherlock looked around the room and then snugged his scarf up around his neck. “I’m afraid I’ll have to go, though. I’ll need to look at the scene and see if I can find where the killer stood to shoot - I might learn more about how tall they are, or maybe they dropped something that would identify them.” He looked at John apologetically. “I’d wait until tomorrow when you could come along, but there’s rain in the forecast tonight.”
John blinked at him a few times before snapping “What?”
“I’m sure tomorrow will be fine, John; you’re only moderately out of shape at this point compared to many men your age; actually you’re quite fit. This Duck, as you said, has ten years or more on you. You should be able to keep up with him without trouble. Shall I bring Watson back in the afternoon again, like today?”
“Yeah,” John said briefly, nodding his hello.
At their next crime scene the following day, John arrived after paying for their cab to the sound of Sherlock nearly taking Lestrade’s head off when the DI inquired about the marks and whether he’d have to arrest someone for assault.
He shook his head bemusedly.
“Can’t trust them, I find. Photographers, I mean.” Sherlock said, leaning back against the bar and nudging John with his hip. “So hard to find one who doesn’t have an ulterior motive.” He smiled a secret smile, just for John; excluding Marjorie from the joke. John and he stared into each other’s eyes for a moment, grinning.
Upon arriving at the new facility, John suffered through getting checked in, biting his tongue through an interview with a ‘care coordinator’ - a clearly-not-natural blonde woman in pink scrubs and pink trainers with an actual pink bow on her ponytail and pink bobble earrings in her lobes. Her pink-painted nails tapped away on a tablet covered with a pink rubber sleeve, peering through pink-framed reading glasses that hung around her neck on a pink ribbon. They had cute, Japanese-styled cats on them.
“And then about every. Single. Bloody. Thing. In the world! I’m tired of your talking and talking. Just stop talking for once in your life!” Marjorie’s words spooked a dozen crows from nearby trees, and they flew off, cawing. Stephen watched them, rapt.
~~oOo~~
They made dinner together as they often had; John doing the cooking parts and Amina the chopping. “I cook jes’ fine,” she had said about a week after she’d moved in, “but I’d much rather leave it to those who enjoy it when I can. I make up for it by being a bloody smashing prep cook and dishwasher, mind you, so no worries I won’t pull my weight!”
Sherlock considered a moment, seeming about to speak, then changed his mind as another breeze ruffled his curls. “No,” he said shortly.
In the end, it came down to
Sherlock watched him put on shoes and jacket, and said “I suppose those green curry noodles from that place across the park, if you’re going that far?”
John’s hand came up and covered Sherlock’s where it lay on his chest. “Thanks,” he said, turning around to face his friend and keeping the long fingers in his grasp. “Thank you for doing all of this. This week has been utterly mad, but…” John started to say something else, and it seemed to catch in his throat. Sherlock waited, horribly afraid to hear what John would say next, certain it would spell the end of all his misguided hopes.
“I urge you to argue against attending the group sessions if your psychologist suggests them, John,” Sherlock said quietly, “at least three people here lack actual diagnoses and just want to talk about themselves to someone who is obliged to listen, so there is little you could gain from that. Look over there: that fellow with the yellow dressing gown, atrocious color, makes him look like he’s got a liver condition. Subtly, John, don’t stare! He’s blathering endlessly to that poor woman next to him. She’s clearly here because of a head injury, and apparently doesn’t realize her table mate never shuts up. I would have turned his plate into his lap by now, his chattering is so banal.”
John cracked one eyelid and squinted at the lanky form in the doorway. “I was considering it,” he grumbled. “Had a bit of a rough night.”
He heard the deep chuckle just before the door closed with a clunk, and lay back against his pillows, smiling.
Sherlock had offered twenty pounds to a shapeless figure swathed in layers of sweatshirts and dingy jackets to bring them some takeaway where they hid, and they spooned up curry straight from the cartons, relishing the heat. John shook his head at the absurdity of what they were doing, smiling a bit until it occurred to him that he might be called upon to tackle a suspect. What if he got it wrong? Hurt Sherlock again?
He felt the body in his arms tense up minutely, and realized John had opened his mouth to speak but immediately closed it, perhaps afraid to spoil the moment. Sherlock tilted his head and raised an eyebrow to encourage his friend. John tried again, color staining his cheeks. “Sherlock,” he started, taking a deep breath, “you know talking about – important things -  is not easy for me.” He breathed again, in and out; “but this week has been… along with being completely crazy, it has been one of the best of my life.” He huffed another moment. “And it’s because I’m seeing a side of you I never knew might be possible. I need to know…” he trailed off and turned his gaze away from Sherlock, looking at the other dancers nearby. A moment passed, filled with music and the hum of conversations all around them.
Sherlock seemed to understand that John was not himself; he stayed surprisingly silent about it, though. He helped John off with his coat, then led the way into John’s bedroom to help him change for bed. John followed like a child, docile and silent, letting his friend get him out of his bloodied shirt and torn trousers, and helping him into pajama bottoms and an old T-shirt. Sherlock nudged him toward the bed.
“Bet that killed the mood,” John snorted, gathering up some clean pajamas on his way to the shower. “Back in a few.” The bathroom door cut Sherlock off mid-sentence and John hurried to get himself cleaned up and re-dressed so as not to miss too much of the excitement. When he emerged five minutes later, scrubbed and pink, Sherlock had just crowed over an email he was reading from the phone in his hand.
John pursed his lips in irritation. “Well, yes. I’d need more rest and have to be careful about exercising and what I eat so as to work back to health.”
“I doubt Greg sees it that way.” John rolled over to face the wall again. “Please tell Amina I’m not feeling all that well, would you? Thanks.”
Lady Grey crooned, as she was approached by another dancer, this one unexpectedly silver-haired and tanned, and likely older than John. He was ruggedly fit and clad in sleek motorcycle leathers that clung like a second skin - Sherlock immediately hated him. Again Lady Grey was raised from her seat and she and her partner glided around the stage in a full-contact tango that looked positively indecent.
“And that’s enough?”
~~oOo~~
Sherlock, a band of dark bruises around his throat.
“Of course I want them. Aren’t you making some?” Sherlock replied somewhat acidly, to cover his inattention.
"WHERE is one? I need a case! I'm bored, do you hear me? Bored, bored!"
They moved through their stretches without further speaking, John now familiar with the routine that Duck preferred. When Duck sat to swap out his prosthetic since he had said the peg-style leg was better for yoga, John put down a pair of mats for them to stand on. He had a momentary feeling of surprised unreality - he, John Watson, doctor-soldier-blokey-bloke, was going to do yoga with a 50-something, male, amputee athlete who could kick his arse around a track any day of the week.
“Obviously. Sit here, at the end. I have some thinking to do about that question the entomology professor emailed yesterday.” Once John was settled, he flopped down on the rest of the sofa, his head in John’s lap. It was surprisingly comfortable.
“So, I... yeah, that’s what I’m gonna have to be ready for, isn’t it? Ready to shovel as much shit as it takes to be able to stick with them from here on out.” John trailed off, breathing deeply to regain some composure. “Never thought I’d be upset that killing myself was
“No, John,” Sherlock said, dialing the police on his mobile. “I punched a delusional murderer who was trying to drug and kidnap you.”
John rolled his eyes. “It’s not the stretching I mind; it’s the standing on one leg while all pretzeled up!” Duck snorted a short laugh at that, and John blew out a sigh. He knew Duck would not be swayed, and that he’d feel a right tit stretching his arms up and balancing on one leg like some Swan Lake ballerina. However, that one time he’d achieved the position Duck was trying to show him (”you’ll like this one - it’s called ‘Warrior One’”) and held it for more than a moment - his adductors and rectus femoris quivering in his thighs, head tilted back, arms wobbling but pointed to the ceiling - he had felt the way his body had settled into the pose and had experienced a taste of the strength of it. He could understand why Duck enthused about yoga so much after that - though he wasn’t sure how much more of it he wanted to do.
John frowned. Intubated? He sipped a little water, and its lukewarm slide over his parched tissues felt lovely. He hummed a bit with relief and took another, stronger pull at the straw, and then it was removed. Intubated? What had happened? He cast his mind back. The last thing he remembered was...
John kept alongside until Duck dropped to a walk, then stopped and curled his upper body and put his hands on his thighs while he caught his breath. Seemed he really had gotten out of training. He could manage a decent sprint when it was needed, but as for stamina... while he had seen worse in his patients, he’d generally kept in better shape than this.
“And I’m his.”
John tensed in the circle of Sherlock’s arms, then pushed himself back, insisting with hands pressed against his friend’s chest to be let free. Sherlock surrendered with obvious reluctance.
“Ah. And who was that?”
“I know this isn’t the time to talk everything out,” John said, ducking his head, “You know, between us, what this means. But – I want this, with you. However you’ll have me.”
John couldn’t watch. He closed his eyes again.
“Yes, yes,” Sherlock snapped loudly, flailing his hands about and beginning to pace. “We knew all this walking in! Now, if you want to get back to trying to impress your ex-boyfriend on the groundskeeping staff with your ‘improved, younger look’” his air quotes were delivered with savage sarcasm, “so that he’ll reconsider throwing you over for the twenty-something in catering, we will get on with the business of resting without your moronic presence raising our blood pressure. THANK YOU!”
Willa did as she was told, taking care to make sure the bundle stayed rolled up so no one would notice anything missing. She also took a quick moment to kick around her hair so they wouldn’t see that she’d taken some.
Molly arrived with a canvas bag full of god knows what. “I can’t stay in that house too long. He’s so nervous he spent six hours arranging the clothes yesterday. Six!”
“And this is Rosie?” Luke asked gesturing towards the little girl in John’s arms, as if it were possible it wasn’t Rosie.
Sherlock peeled back the wrapping paper and found a mahogany box beneath. He looked up at John with a questioning glance. John just gave him a knowing smile and nodded to the present.
“O-over a year.” John stuttered out, his hands were curling into fists at his side.
“I know.” Sherlock agreed.
Forty straight minutes of ravishing and John hadn’t given him anything. Well, hadn’t given him anything concerning the little secret he was keeping with Willa. It was obviously about him given the way they both had trouble keeping straight faces when he’d gotten home earlier.
“What’s this then?” John asked and handed the paper back.
Sherlock’s chuckle was muffled by John’s coat. “You seem to be doing this a lot now.”
"Why this?" Cole asked, rather loudly.
Anthea rolled her eyes at her mobile. “Mr. Holmes assured me you could ‘handle it’.”
“No luck?” John asked.
“She left shortly after you, we assumed to continue her surveillance, we’d hope to catch her in the act but she disappeared.” He explained as he took a seat on one of the iron garden chairs.
John sighed heavily but pushed himself up, grumbling the entire time.
hit him. I don’t think he knew another person could cause you pain like that because he seemed more shocked at the concept of someone hurting him intentionally than he was at the fact I had. I was twelve though and knew I was smarter than most adults, it didn’t sit well with me that I had a seemingly clueless younger brother. Mummy was furious when she learned. Told me I had to spend an entire weekend doing everything with Sherlock and patiently answering every question that left his mouth. If I didn’t I would lose certain privileges I’d grown fond of.”
That night they both wanted to tuck Willa in, John smiled to hear Sherlock struggle to articulate as to why.
There was a third kind of dream. One where John would walk out of his bedroom to find Sherlock sitting in his chair, hands beneath his chin, and he would just look up and complain about the lack of cases as if nothing had ever happened. These were the dreams that concerned him the most because John never put up a fuss and just let Sherlock back into his life like he’d never left.
“Are you alright?” John asked when he crawled back into the bed. He argued the duvet over them even in their awkward position.
“Alright.” Sherlock could agree to that.
John looked up at him. “No, it’s not your fault.”
“She’s fine.” John called over to him as he sat in his chair reading the paper.
“Oh he’ll never look there.” She seemed proud of John’s underhandedness.
John chuckled and went into the kitchen. “You don’t know the half of it.”
John ignored the comment. He didn’t even have enough energy to have the conversation about the difference between need and want again.
As John continued to flip through the photos it became clear Mary was up to something, something not good. The final photo was what stole his breath. Mary seated on the top of a building looking down a rifle scope pointed at the streets below.
Mycroft nodded, his lips were pressed tight together. “I agree but I will have
John already knew why they would have cut her hair but he allowed Sherlock to explain it to him nonetheless.
“Uncle Mycroft is Addison’s stepdad.” Willa explained.
“We were in the toilets. She hadn’t come out yet and this bloke came in the room.” Harry began, still rubbing at the blood. “Told him he had the wrong room but he wouldn’t leave. Said he knew exactly where he was and he asked me where she was.”
Willa called Saturday night a mercifully caught them at a down moment.
She hiccoughed slightly. “Alright.
She’d come around in the ambulance just before they left the restaurant. John had been standing just outside talking to one of the paramedics but he hadn’t noticed that she was awake. None of the doctors or nurses seemed to know where Willa was or what was going on.
John shoved the door open into Harry’s room with far more force than necessary. She started at the noise and all it took was for their eyes to lock for just a second and John knew, without a doubt, that what Mycroft had been saying was true. Harry was sitting in the hospital bed but when John had entered one hand crept up to worry the necklace she wore. Her eyes were wide and she was very obviously afraid of him (rightly so). He could feel the rage building in his chest at an alarming pace.
He was gentle but relentless. One finger became two, and then a third was added right about the time Sherlock began losing digits of Pi.
John pulled out his mobile and then went over to join Willa by the doors. Once Sherlock was behind them he nodded at her.
Sherlock instantly felt so relieved he leaned forward and pressed a kiss to John enthusiastically.
Greg groaned. “We’ve had the first hearing. Deb was out for blood.”
John just grinned at the both of them on the screen, not caring if he looked like a sentimental old fool.
Even when he and that adorable little girl had been hiding away from her mean and evil mother. When they returned to London they lived such a simple little life and Irene enjoyed watching them from afar. She could ignore them for months at a time and when she came back everything was just the same. Yes, Willa Louise would have grown a bit and her brilliant little mind had learned a thousand new things but everything else was same. Same little flat, same little routine and same little John who was only half of himself without Sherlock around.
“Lately I’ve been happier than I’ve been in a long time.” Sherlock confessed. “You’re to blame for that, John. You
John was lying on the bed fully dressed, curled up on his side. Sherlock pulled off his shoes and threw the duvet over him before climbing in on his side. He was asleep within minutes.
And yeaaah John might not be properly attired in jeans for NYE dinner at the Northall but I doubt anyone is going to say anything to someone showing up under a Mycroft Holmes reservation.
Willa was eating supper when they got to Mycroft’s but she bounded from the table with a cry when she saw them.
John found the pub and located a quiet corner where he could still see the telly. The pint was nice and the burger was decent but he still found himself texting Sherlock. He decided sending him a photo of proof that he was eating wasn’t terribly pathetic. Willa had asked if he was eating after all.
She clambered up the stairs, one hand dragging along the wall.
John turned to wrap his arms around Sherlock and buried his face in his chest. They stood there like that for a while until finally John pushed him away to resume changing.
By the time he too stripped down out of his old clothes and found his way into the kitchen, John had set out a glass of apple juice and paracetamol for Sherlock and was halfway through his own glass.
Willa stuck her tongue out at him.
“No news, Molly,” John told her, obviously mistaking her phone call for one looking for an update.
There were a few more people in Regent’s park, mostly family out enjoying a walk together. There were a few people, Sherlock noted, making their way home undoubtedly from a night of sex. Sherlock nudged John and pointed out one such man.
John then turned and ran down the hall to find Sherlock standing just inside what amounted to a massive walk in closet. His eyes found Isabelle almost as soon as he walked in behind him.
John pulled the cloth off of his face. “Because I am naked and I am also
“No, she’s got her own flat.” John contradicted him.
John nodded. “I don’t want her to be a brat but I don’t want her to be teased for being poor… well poor in comparison to most of the children in her class.”
“Willa is perfectly fine.” Sherlock answered before John could, having deciphered the meaning of her question first. “John is her father and has decided I will not be a negative influence on her.”
John gave a short sharp nod, mouth set into a thin line. “Thanks, Greg.”
Sherlock’s lips curled into a smile. “Happy New Year, John.”
John was reluctant to hand it over but he knew he had to. He carefully placed it into the evidence bag that Greg held out taking care in folding in the sleeves so that the rest of the hair didn’t fall out.
It nearly came out his nose.
Sherlock watched her closely as she walked to stand directly in front of him. She jutted out her chin and extended a brightly colored hand towards him. “Hello, I’m Willa.”
Willa let out a small squeal and nodded her head violently.
John stared. For the moment the need to breathe was forgotten and he just looked. If it wasn’t for the fact that Mycroft wouldn’t move out of the way, John would have believed he’d finally snapped.
Sherlock was never particularly good with time. He understood it of course hours, minutes, seconds and all that but he was bad at being aware of the time. He didn’t realize it was the middle of the night until someone was howling at him for playing the violin to late, didn’t realize it was the middle of the day until Mrs. Hudson was nudging him awake with tea, and it was why sometimes when he promised to do something ‘in a few minutes’ it ended up taking him several days.
Sherlock watched, hand moving faster and with more determination. Just as John’s body began to relax Sherlock came, everything inside his head going silent and still.
John considered it. “I’d like that but I’ll need to check with Sherlock about it. I’ll let you know after I get home this evening.”
Then he leaned up and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s lips. It was warmer than last night’s kiss and sweeter too.
Sherlock pulled out the magnifying glass he carried and examined it, ignoring both of them. John was still holding tightly to the sleeve where there was no doubt more of the same hair tucked inside.
As Sherlock hugged her he found he’d missed her more than realized.
“One more mission, Sherlock, and they’ll be amenable to letting you home.” Mycroft had said as he stood to leave, leaning on his new umbrella. This one was inexplicably red, a gift from his spouse no doubt.
“Daddy’s present.” She got out eventually between sobs.
John’s fingernails bit into his palms with the effort to restrain himself from threading them through Sherlock’s hair.
“We’ve picked Shakespeare tonight.” Sherlock informed him after giving him a moment to look.
Sherlock followed where he was point and blinked, a few time actually, surprised at what he was seeing. There was something hanging from one of the rear windows of the building. Some of the water from the hoses had dampened it and caused it to cling to the side, but it appeared otherwise intact.
~~~~~~
The only word to describe Willa was feral. She was shrieking and struggling against Sherlock with her whole body. John couldn’t get anywhere near them because of how violently she was kicking.
John learned his lesson and resisted the inborn desire to bury his head into the mattress as he moan. Sherlock rewarded him by continuing.
Sherlock opened his mouth and was about to argue or protest when Willa groaned loudly from the kitchen. “This is stupid!” Her voice insisted.
John rose from his seat and he felt badly for laughing. He walked over to Sherlock and grabbed his arms. “I’m not mocking you. I’m just… it’s very sweet of you.” He said and leaned up to kiss him.
He and John, they’d been doing so well since Sherrinford. 221B was repaired, John was back, and Rosie was providing to be an unexpected ray of sunshine in Sherlock’s life. They’d finally begun moving forward and were currently standing on the threshold of something they’d been working towards since they met.
John rolled his eyes. “After your homework. You know you could finish it in five minutes if you would just do it.”
“Aaron’s gotten two hours all together and I think I’m somewhere around three.” Molly confessed turning away from her conversation with Sherlock.
"Really? That's your justification? That there's more? What about her parents?" Cole was pleading now, but his voice was getting closer to Willa and Janine.
make her at fault.
“Let’s go!” Willa shouted at them from the doorway, as if she hadn’t been the whole reason they were still at home.
Jessica came in quickly, carrying yet another sheet of paper. Just one again.
Sherlock wondered what exactly Willa had picked up from Mycroft’s visit. “Dinner first” He said as the cab pulled up.
“You’ll be fine, Sherlock.” John called over his shoulder at him. “if you want to put him down the cradle is over there.”
Sherlock waved his hand dismissively. “I doubt I could stop you.”
Dipping his tongue into his navel made Sherlock giggle and his hands thread through John’s hair to pull him away.
Soooo proof that my computer is out to get me. My writing music is sound tracks. Avengers, Torchwood, Harry Potter, Sherlock, etc.
“I’m sorry, Molly,” was the first thing out of Greg’s mouth. “But they found the body of a little girl by the river.”
“Compelling?” John repeated.
Harry looked down at the photo. It was older and the woman had her hair pulled only partially up but it was definitely the same woman. “Yes… wait, hold on, I’ve seen that photo before.” But before she could look at it any longer Sherlock handed the phone to John.
Rosie, who had been less than thrilled at being woken, dozed against Sherlock’s chest during the ride.
I'm working on Chapter 16 now. Per usual it's entirely possible The Lying Detective will ruin me for the next day or so.
As they pulled up John noticed there was new construction beginning on the one side of the school.
After several moments the dry heaving finally stopped and Harry managed to crawl back into the bed. Hitting the call button, she allowed herself to sink back into the pillows and cry. Mostly for herself, she was dead either way now, so she was entitled to some self-pity. It was likely no one else was going to cry for her when the time finally came.
“I have news,” he said as softly as he could manage.
It was such a difference from three months ago when John had nearly had his wrist broken while trying to wake him.
“Why are you here?” Sherlock growled, his eyes narrowing at her.
“She’ll be fine.” He said, his voice sounded far away. Willa didn’t understand why, his mouth was right there.
John realized then, of course, that he had no idea how to put what’s changed into Willa-appropriate words. Sherlock offered no help, though at least he had closed his mouth and put down his fork.
They watched quietly as the doctor set her arm, John’s hand found Sherlock’s when the he began pressing it back into place. After setting it they worked on casting it, they’d asked Willa what color as a distraction while they placed the IV in her arm. She unsurprisingly chose pink.
“I do hope you don’t mind but I know that you aren’t fond of the pushchair you’ve gotten for Theodore.” Mycroft said and gestured towards the pram.
John managed to leave early, concerned when Sherlock hadn’t answered his text asking for an update. A quick check of the camera in Willa’s room told him if she was laying down it wasn’t up there. He tried to tell himself that he wasn’t worried, if anything bad had happened someone would have called him. Mycroft certainly would have known.
The doorbell rang and startled both he and Sherlock.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Stop fretting, does the public knowing really bother you?”
“Oh god your gorgeous like this.” John ground out. “You’re face. Fuck. You’re fucking gorgeous.”
He leaned over her to look at the book and understood. “Le Vilain Caneton” the cover boasted at him.
Willa hurried away from the window, eager not to get caught, and balled up what was left of her clothing. As she passed by the mirror again she caught sight of herself in it. She pushed up on her toes and looked carefully. It was unnerving not to know the person looking back at you in the mirror.
John nodded even though she couldn’t see. “Of course. I’ll be there.”
~~~~~~
She’d found John at his conference in Wales. He’d been less than thrilled to see her, but not surprised.
“What?” John asked confused.
“No, we were looking at the river.” She said and hugged John.
“Since I wasn’t able to see her on Christmas I was going to offer to watch Willa so you and Sherlock could have an evening out.” She offered.
. The girl. She was kneeling in the melting snow not far from John in a shockingly pink parka, not paying mind to anything going on around her.
“He feels guilty.” Sherlock huffed folding his knees up to his chest.
“No, never.” Sherlock changed course now and was kissing along John’s jaw. John couldn’t help the sigh that escaped when he reached his neck, his head fell back giving Sherlock more room, fingers tangling in the dark hair.
John had paused in the middle of the street, he’d never actually asked where the money he was receiving was from. “That’s Sherlock’s money?”
John smiled sheepishly. “Alright, good point.”
“She’ll stay here with you if that’s alright.” John told him, head half in the refrigerator where he was searching out something to eat.
Mycroft reemerged with something hidden behind his back. “I felt this was an appropriate occasion and it saved me from having to find you a gift which you would no doubt toss out.”
came to her rescue. John knew that was why she still woke every night, sometimes multiple times, and Sherlock no doubt knew it too.
~~~~~~
Just as he hit send John heard her slide into the booth with him anyway. He looked up and sighed, this really wasn’t how he wanted to spend his evening.
John’s impression of a fish was quite impressive.
John shook his head, he was rubbing his thumb absently over the darkened screen of his mobile.
John stepped into Mycroft’s space, ignoring the way Greg shifted uncomfortably beside him and the way Mycroft determinedly would not be cowed. “Are you sure? Because this is my sister and I know she’s got issues but I’m not about to go in there-”
Sherlock interrupted her thoughts. “Do you know what’s in store cupcakes?”
She clucked her tongue at him. “That was one time, John Watson. I don’t make a habit of drugging people.” She scolded.
"Surveillance report on your brother, sir," she said, holding out a single piece of paper towards Mycroft.
Greg nodded. “I’ve been married nearly two years and if they want to call him Mycroft for the rest of their lives we’re fine with it.”
They spent the weekend coming up with several ideas for further experiments, Willa brainstorming and Sherlock helping her expand the ideas or just writing them onto the list if he felt they were developed enough. The list was stuck to the refrigerator Sunday night after dinner.
“I was three when Mycroft imparted the wisdom upon me that it was all a fake.” Sherlock grumbled.
“Sherlock.” John said drawing him out of his thoughts.
John set down his fork, confused. “What?”
Harry felt guilty for having done something.
A sharp inhale from over Sherlock’s shoulder and John ripped his hand away like the computer had shocked him. He’d spotted Willa too.
As the car slowed John’s head snapped up and his arm made an aborted move towards his back. He relaxed after making eye contact with the driver. He was still used to Mycroft’s employees.
Mycroft had insisted on looking at several schools instead of just sending her to the local school, citing her above average intelligence as a factor. So John spent weeks touring different schools until he finally found one that was the right mix of advanced lessons and play. He put in their application on a Tuesday and on Friday afternoon John was informed of her place.
“The St. Pancras Hotel.”
Willa flashed him a grin when he told her to pick anything off the menu. Not surprisingly she chose a burger and chips which John eyed longingly as he picked at the sensible salad he’d ordered. With any luck she wouldn’t finish all of her chips.
She looked startled under the force of his gaze. “She fell off the equipment at the playground. According to her teacher she lost consciousness for a little over a minute, we believe her arm to be fractured but she needs to go up for x-ray.”
“It’s not-” Her hand shot up to silence him.
By default John and Willa stopped too.
He must have said that last one out loud because John nodded curtly and stood from the bench they’d relocated too.
Sherlock nodded against his better judgement. “Yes, you can pick out anything you want.”
“You want to be like everyone? That’s boring.” Sherlock informed her. From the corner of his eye he could see John watching the exchange cautiously.
After lunch, and after the girls and David had raided their piles of chocolates, Mycroft led them towards the front of the building. He had a spring in his step that amused John to no end but had Sherlock rolling his eyes.
“John, is that necessary?” Sherlock asked from the door way as he watched his partner tuck his gun into the waist band of his trousers.
He handed the photo back to Lestrade who looked at it a moment before putting it back. “My birthday dinner. I told them all I wanted was a decent photo of the four of us.”
Once he’d released Sherlock he sent a text to Mycroft accepting their offer. He cursed himself once he realized he would now have to make some sort of plan for the day if not the entire weekend. He hadn’t thought that far ahead.
Sherlock growled playfully. “I’ll figure it out John. Employing Willa to keep a secret? Really?”
A few children cried at the news, mostly those from Willa’s class who had known Noah. A few more children were confused, those were the ones John knew had never dealt with death so close before. Willa’s face was blank and unreadable during the whole thing and John wasn’t sure if she didn’t understand or if she was just processing things.
John sighed and turned the screen so he could read.
ALSO freaking look at that I'm over 80k words. *swoons*
“No, why?” Sherlock answered. He wasn’t exactly telling the truth, he
John hummed in agreement and then rewarded Sherlock by bringing up his other hand to fondle his balls. Sherlock’s head dropped back and he was glad he got it right.
Just as he planned to take him into his mouth John gripped Sherlock’s hair and roughly pulled him back. “If you want me inside of you, you need to stop now.” He warned, voice softer than the hand in his hair.
(See the end of the chapter for
So he killed the girl and disfigured her just as he was told.
Greg knew that promise came not from the good parts of Mycroft’s heart but from the part of him who felt Greg didn’t actually know what he was capable of and wanted to keep him in the dark.
John set down the knife and pulled him closer. “Tell them we’d really appreciate it.” He said before pulling Sherlock down to kiss him deeply.
She would no doubt be terrifying in her teenage years with that logic.
Aaron grinned. “Better if he’d work this eating thing out.”
“Of course, come in.” She said and waved them in, Willa darted past her and John followed.
“So I’ve got a question for you.” John asked and sat in the rocking chair.
After dressing he walked into the kitchen to check on the progress of their last batch of cupcakes. They still had a few minutes left in the oven.
“I don’t think she should go.” Sherlock said finally entering the room and walking to John’s side of the bed. He was hesitant to assert his feelings on how John should parent Willa.
John demanded, Sherlock had turned and was watching him now.
John’s heart stuttered in his chest and it took him a moment to speak. “One of the first things I did when we met was shoot a man for you because you needed protecting. You were perfectly capable of doing it yourself but I knew the moment I saw you in that room that you wouldn’t. You would have killed yourself to prove a point.”
“Sherlock, stop.” Molly called out as she scrambled to her feet.
“Alright then, who do you work for?” John asked stepping forward.
Sherlock scowled at Mycroft who simply smiled smugly back at him.
John threw his head back and laughed.
After the divorce she moved into the bottom of a bottle, only working when the situation got dire and John refused to help her out. Only in 2015, after an ultimatum issued by John, she managed to maintain a functional level of alcoholism in order to be able to see her niece, this included a steady job.
Willa darted into the house leaving John to carry in her backpack and overnight bag. She found Greg and Mycroft in the kitchen with what looked to be the beginning of a pizza between them.
She then leaned forward, hands coming to rest on Sherlock’s shoulders. It was a rather obvious display of dominance and they all knew it. John knew better than to let her goad him, and yet it was working exactly as she hoped.
He traced his tongue around the base, pressing firmly. John’s fingers twitched in his hair. Sherlock continued to lick and kiss and suck around John’s cock until John was panting rocking unsteadily on his feet. He was muttering Sherlock’s name amid a string of incoherent syllables.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “Good night, John.”
"I didn't do this!" Harry shouted before remembering herself and where she was. She took a deep breath and lowered her voice, "this was you, I know it."
“What?” John asked confused.
“Both.” Sherlock breathed sitting up to pull it off.
“Hello.” John greeted as he answered the call from Mycroft’s home.
The streets weren’t very busy because of the holiday and John let go of Willa’s hand. They were walking close enough their shoulders brushed and Willa was a few paces in front of them, every so often glancing behind to make sure they were there.
Willa led the way to her classroom at a strange pace halfway between a walk and a skip. She was terribly excited but trying to obey the school rules. John didn’t need to look at Sherlock to know he was analyzing every aspect of the school when they walked in. He did wonder what the other man was seeing and if he approved of John’s choice.
Once he was upstairs John cheated horribly. Sherlock knew he was being manipulated but continued to let it happen.
“She fought.” Sherlock announced suddenly and finally stood still.
She turned and then bolted in their direction grinning madly. She passed them in no time and as she did Sherlock saw the jogger change route as well.
away feeling terrible.
Sherlock leaned his head towards John and quietly said. “There’s a man following us.”
“Just please give the phone to Mycroft.”
Sherlock pulled the computer away and skimmed through the article. It was short but included phrases such as “overheard intimate moments” and “confirmation of long speculated romance”.
Sherlock readied the toast and when Willa came down he handed it to her. “John has a headache.” He explained taking the hairbrush from her hand.
“And you think this has to do with Willa?” John asked, finally letting go of the footboard for the first time since they’d entered the room. Greg hadn’t realized how tightly the other man had been holding it until he watched the blood return to John’s knuckles.
Willa continued the subject. “So what would that mean?”
The girl was hesitant to leave her father but she stepped forward anyway. Obviously still shy of adults she didn’t know and looked to John to assure her she was okay. Despite her initial hesitation as soon as John gave her more encouragement she dutifully walked over to Sherlock, obviously John’s bravery had been inherited.
Greg went to argue but realized there was no point in it. Mycroft would no doubt find a way to be there; whether in person, through one of his spooks, or even via CCTV. It was easier just to meet him halfway than try and pretend if he told him to stay that he actually would.
The smell of coffee and takeaway Thai food was what eventually woke Mycroft, which was confusing as he knew he hadn’t ordered anything. He blinked awake to find Gregory placing those exact items on his desk, he was taking extra care to not actually put anything on the various papers that were stacked there. Mycroft’s heart stuttered for a moment in his chest, reminded how much he loved the other man.
Willa still hadn’t found a suitable replacement gift and Sherlock was frankly done with people.
John had definitely been living in the world of Sherlock Holmes for too long because not once did he blink at the fact that she was essentially returning from the dead. They’d been texting regularly ever since (it was so nice of someone in that house to text her back) and even met up a few times when Irene had news to give him.
“Sherlock is adopting Willa.” John announced hoping he sounded casual about it and definitely not nervous about how Harry would react to the news in a public setting. Sherlock’s body tense by his side, anticipating the outburst.
Lukas sat as instructed. He leaned forward and looked nervously between John and Sherlock. “I’m Noah’s uncle.” Lukas told them and his eyes were drawn to the shelves of Willa’s things. “Erik is my brother and, I know how this sounds but, he’s not guilty.”
Any new tags that need to be put up will be done so as the story progresses.
Lestrade pulled a similar face. “I assure you all talk of you is kept firmly outside the bedroom.”
“She hasn’t got one?” John told him as he followed, flipping through her file.
“Where is she?” The man asked.
He didn’t get a response back.
stupid.
Sherlock ignored her comments and found Willa sitting in the kitchen looking longingly at the oven. They were making chocolate macadamia nut cookies judging by the smell. There was an assortment of wooden blocks and various tools laid out on the table as well.
“Alright enough!” Lestrade shouted and stepped between the two of them. He put his back to Sherlock and placed a hand on John’s chest. “You two fighting about her isn’t going to give us anything. And you,” Lestrade said and pointed a finger at Irene, “stop winding them up, this is serious!”
“Good morning, Willa.” Mr. West greeted her. “Are you feeling better today?” He asked.
Sherlock shook his head. “Fully coherent.”
It was then that John realized at some point he’d put his hand on Sherlock’s leg. It was just above his knee and not nearly as intimate as the couple had been but it was intimate enough. John pulled his hand away and wondered when they’d started touching each other so casually again. Greg walking into the room saved him from any further embarrassment.
Not as long as the prologue. It could have been since I was debating when to stop it. This seemed as good a place as any, it just means there's going to be more chapters.
When Sherlock lived with them in John’s old house, after the explosion, he would often reach the nursery before John could manage to get out of bed. John had been content let the whole thing lie after he reassured Sherlock he didn’t have to care for the baby.
John growled. “Sherlock, what the hell?”
Aaron blinked for a few moments before answering. “Uh… five thirty on Sunday, give or take a few catnaps.”
“Hello, princess.” He said.
Willa grew and grew and as she grew John missed Sherlock even more. Mycroft had promised once that he would never let John remain in the dark if Sherlock died, that he would know as soon as Mycroft did. So every month that passed John had to live content with the knowledge that Sherlock was alive somewhere that wasn’t here.
“Willa can call, of course.” John said and elbowed Sherlock who then nodded.
He picked out a shirt of a similar red to John’s cardigan and his own pair of black trousers. As he did he lamented at the idea of having to move his things back out of the wardrobe space he had appropriated and down into the lower flat.
Despite the fact that he had impressed upon Willa how vital it was for her to keep it a secret John was finding it difficult to contain his own joy. Sherlock definitely knew something was up from the moment he got home after the way John and Willa exchanged glances and she giggled.
They had been home a week and John was standing at the sink washing one of a hundred tiny bottle parts, Mary hadn’t wanted to breast feed ‘I carried her for 37 weeks, time someone else takes care of her’, when a black SUV crawled slowly by the window.  John sighed and shut off the tap.
Mary never asked why he would leave suddenly with their daughter for two hours.
John smiled and nipped at the inside of Sherlock’s pale thigh. Sherlock’s hips arched up, thrusting into empty air.
Mycroft nodded, pleased with the admission. “But you do not like the obstacle she represents between you and what you want.”
Sherlock nodded again.
John perched on the arm of his chair just looking at Sherlock for a moment. “You didn’t have to do that.”
He pulled away and moved back until he could stand. “Food?” He asked.
Certainly, they wouldn’t have hurt her bad enough to make her bleed, it had to be Harry’s blood.
Sherlock stepped away from John’s touch. “Your daughter is about to come around that corner, do you want to have this conversation now?”
Sherlock tossed the flannel at John and it smacked him in the face. “Why?”
Mycroft answered quickly.
John paused and swallowed, balling his fists at his side. “She’s missing.” He managed to get out.
“Yes, she may call.” Sherlock then proceeded to drag John from the room leaving him to shout his goodbyes.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“We’re going to Brixton.” Willa told him with a chuckle. “We go every year.”
Willa nodded, oblivious to her father’s apprehensions.
~~~~~~
Sherlock confirms it that afternoon when they get home. It’s finally finished.
She seemed unaware and bounced over to Mrs. Hudson’s door to knock.
“John, you already worry about the lack of attachment she has. If you tip her off to any of this are you willing to take the chance she won’t harm the child?” Mycroft reasoned.
*I'm currently plugging through chapter 10 and if I finish it before tonight I'll save it for tomorrow. The premier will either A) short circuit my brain and make me unable to write for at least 24 or B) inspire me to write out of sheer anger/joy/some emotion.
John nodded. “Yes, fine.” Anything to get Sherlock to continue.
doesn’t exist anymore. That’s why we’re sad when people die because that spark of life, that bit that made them unique and brilliant, doesn’t exist anymore.”
“I do.”
“Miss Watson has never communicated with that number before, Sir.” Jessica began informing him even before she was entirely through the door. “The number is registered to a disposable phone that was sold in Chengdu, China.”
She'd realized she loved the real ones.
“Mycroft has booked me a room in the Saint Pancras.” Sherlock interrupted, effectively cutting off whatever rambling statement John was going to make.
He was preparing to say ‘you’re welcome’ or direct John’s attention back up to the sky when John did something surprising, even if it wasn’t exactly unexpected. John wrapped one gloved hand around the back of Sherlock’s neck and hauled him down. He barely managed to keep from flailing at the sudden pull.
“Oh.” Sherlock said, finally with some recognition of the day. “If you want to go out I can-“
The next few files were only seconds long CCTV footage tracking glimpses of them as they made their way down the streets.
“No,” Sherlock huffed turning back to the window. “What alarms me is someone would actually marry you.”
Sherlock put the photo back that he’d been looking at. “I need the files on the Noah Wolfe murder.”
“Has she ever known anyone who’s died?” Sherlock asked as he came into their bedroom that night.
After she was in her bed Sherlock was free to disappear down to the office again. John would appear downstairs to help him after she fell asleep, monitor pulled up on his phone. He seemed to have set himself a bedtime of midnight, though, and wouldn’t help after then.
When the files did finally come up Sherlock noticed that the first dozen or so in the folder were nothing more than stills taken from a surveillance camera. He immediately turned to glare at his brother.
Harry had contemplated sneaking away from the hospital, leaving London, so that by the time John realized she'd had a hand in all this she'd be out of the country. All fanciful thoughts because she knew though that there wasn't anywhere in the world they wouldn't come looking for her.
~~~~~~
Irene finally sat down, intentionally choosing Sherlock’s chair. She wasn’t surprised the dumb thing was still here after all these years, John probably would have gone completely mental on anyone trying to take it from him. “I don’t know. Shall we ask John?”
Willa was choosing the path and she darted towards a small bridge to cross the body of water. Once it was clear which way they were going the jogger picked up pace and darted ahead of them. Sherlock carefully controlled the urge to run forward as he passed Willa.
Janine turned around holding a small black plastic box and a green box with a woman with brown hair on the front. Hair dye Willa realized after a moment, Aunt Molly had dyed her hair once using dye like that. “Alright come on then, like a good girl.” Janine told her and jerked her head.
Sherlock’s love of the violin was almost matched by Mycroft’s love of piano.
She hummed and nodded before continuing to walk. Sherlock followed her closely, there was still enough people she could easily disappear from view.
Willa tried to lift her head as they walked out of the restroom but everything was so heavy.
“Has she killed anyone?” Was John’s next question as he tried to ignore the small flicker of guilt when he realized he’d given her the opportunity to start again.
Willa shrugged and continued eating, clearly she didn’t.
“Alright.” John relented.
It worked like a charm which was why Sherlock was confused when he felt a bit sick over using Willa’s relationship with the boy like that.
She continued to grow much to John’s dismay and by Christmas she was seriously considering taking her first steps. As she grew so did her family. Mrs. Hudson had become Nana, Greg Lestrade became another uncle (and with him she gained two cousins), and by the second time Molly babysat she had become an Aunt.
“Website?” John repeated and put down his book. “Please tell me you’ve not started updating ‘The Science of Deduction’ again.”
Sherlock had to remember to breathe and extend his hand in a friendly manner. John had referred to them as partners before, as in crime solving partners, but never to other people. Never in a way that could be construed as ‘romantic’ partner. He was positive a slightly vacant smile had settled across his face.
“At least two people.” Sherlock corrected.
He looked around only to discover both Greg and Irene were still there, both watching them. Greg’s face was written over with concern and exhaust, but Irene’s was impossible for John to decipher. His hatred of her flared in his chest.
"What are we doing?" Willa dared to ask once her shoes were on. By now her head didn't feel as fuzzy and her arms and legs were almost back to normal.
“Not really but John took her to school this morning.” Sherlock answered honestly.
Sherlock turned off the kitchen light with more force than necessary. “No go ahead.” He made sure John knew he wasn’t buying John’s claims of being okay.
Most of the people were already there, packed in on each other. Sherlock had been unwilling to stand and freeze just to get a decent spot. He had no shame in pushing through the people, dragging John behind him. Mycroft’s security was easy to spot from the way they quickly stepped forward and placated anyone he’d angered in doing so.
“Uncle Mycroft said your birthday is a day after mine.” She told him not turning from her vigil.
If Willa was enraptured, then Sherlock was absolutely captivated by the pair of them. He spent most of the time alternating between watching them and scrolling through his phone.
John shrugged and crossed his arms over his chest the way he always used to when someone, mainly Sherlock, would insult his blog. “She likes them.”
John was leaning forward in his seat, the medical aspect of this case was intriguing him more than usual. “What happened?” He prompted.
Sherlock shook his head. “Sorry, can’t.”
Greg’s shoulders slumped and he leaned back against the wall with his eyes closed. Mycroft, who had been watching the exchange with an unreadable expression took a step closer to his husband and rested a hand on his arm. Molly looked
John made faces at Willa to make her giggle while Sherlock finished fussing with her hair. She returned them with a few of her own that made John grin broadly.
Mycroft frowned at the news.
Greg noticed this and waved them around a bit unnecessarily. “I’ve got something for you two. As of two hours ago, eight people are dead of Thallium poisoning all within the last three weeks.”
Sherlock enjoyed her squeal of joy when John brought out the telescope and books. What he did not enjoy, though, was the twenty minutes of ribbing it caused everyone to give him. He glared at John the entire time to let him know he was not thrilled.
“Yes,” Harry agreed, sounding like a child, “and pictures.”
Stalk me:
Sherlock was still standing, watching Willa with a soft look on his face. John leaned over the arm of the seat and tugged on the sleeve of his Belstaff to get him to move.
Sherlock nodded. “By Christmas day, yes.”
“Why not?”
“Oh of course, come in I’ll make you a cuppa.” She turned making her way to the kitchen.
“Alright but you’re going to be a nightmare to get into bed tonight.” His voice was low and he spoke directly into John’s ear.
“I’m just here visiting your dad.” Greg said and went around the table to give her a hug.
Both Sherlock and John rode in the back of Greg’s car, he felt more than a bit like a cabbie and at any other time he would have told them as much. But both men were on edge and running on even less sleep than he was, there was also the possibility that at least one or both men were armed.
“I’m sorry?” Aunt Harry asked, her voice had gone all high pitched, it made the hairs on the back of Willa’s neck stand up.
Sherlock was pleased by how much Willa was retaining from their impromptu lessons. She would be doing graduate chemistry before she reached secondary school if they kept up this way. He was also certain that between himself, John and her tutor (who he had yet to meet) they could successfully educate her without sending her to school.
Willa huffed and pulled back to stand properly. “Hello Uncle Mycroft, how are you?” She asked in a dull tone.
Willa had wanted to know why they were celebrating, though, and John had struggled to put into words what it was. She’d only been two that year but had already connected celebrations with large events. He’d settled on explaining that Christmas for them was a time of celebrating loved ones and focusing on the good in such a literal dark time of year. That they gave gifts to make the people they loved happy.
John watched as Sherlock raised the object, which turned out to be a metal rod, and brought it swiftly down onto the man’s collar. The crunching of bone was audible through the speaker.
They watched each other until it was John that broke.
He knew he couldn’t bring up Wolanski while Willa was awake because of the risk they might be overheard. He could, though, bring up the weekend. He still waited until she was upstairs playing before doing so.
“What?” Both John and Harry asked at the same time.
Willa smiled. “I can’t.”
“Where’s my daddy?” Willa asked and she tried to remember.
By the time the main course arrived they’d only brought up Willa half a dozen times. Sherlock was counting and intentionally directing the conversation away from her. It was important to reinforce that they still had things to talk about other than the girl. Though any other time he’d be glad to talk about her for hours.
John snickered. “So you’ve been introduced.”
Sherlock was about to throw himself on the sofa when the stairs up to Willa’s room caught his attention. Despite having been living in the flat for nearly two weeks he hadn’t ever been up to her room. He could remember exactly what it had looked like when it had been John’s, down to the titles of the books he’d kept on his nightstand.
John held out the tray to her teacher. “Why yes you have.” Mr. West said sounding genuinely thrilled at the idea. The notion of feeding twenty first years cupcakes would have caused John to run in another direction.
John barked out a laugh and leaned forward extending a hand. “Deal.”
Mrs. Hudson smiled. “Oh good. John’s trying so hard to raise her right.”
Sherlock went back to the teasing, punishment for John’s audacity to muffle his cries. Until, again, without warning he pressed his tongue into the ring of muscle.
“John, Christmas dinner.” Sherlock reminded him.
John’s mouth tightened into a thin line and he considered the ground. “We’re meeting some people here.”
“Willa Louise!” John scolded, his need to parent outweighing his desire to stare at Sherlock longer. “Manners.”
Why should he have to care about anything else?
“Where was Sherlock?” Willa asked suddenly and John inhaled sharply. They’d always been very vague about where Sherlock had been for the last six years. Right now Willa didn’t need to know he’d been in exile for killing a man in order to protect her and John.
“I think.” John said between kisses. “This is why normal people use the bed the other way.”
Sherlock nodded, his eyes were dark.
“It’s January 30
“Yes, of course this way.” She said and stood to lead him back towards the exam rooms.
Sherlock turned down the drive to Mycroft’s house and John pretended to sulk. “You two ganging up on me.” He teased.
“Good.” Sherlock told him.
After they’d finished eating an ice cream sundae the size of Willa’s head appeared before John could protest. John tossed a spoon at Sherlock an informed him he’d be helping them eat it since there was no way he was letting Willa go at it alone.
When John’s phone finally vibrated on the third night, Sherlock gingerly reached over and snapped it up.
Sherlock patted his pocket one last time before they stepped out of the house. He’d been reluctant to ask Mycroft for a favor but given that John had only asked about the evening on Tuesday, he’d needed certain strings pulled.
“Lying,” both Sherlock and Mycroft pronounced in unison. Any other time John might have been amused and pointed it out, but not now.
“I’m awake.” John mumbled into the sheets.
“Willa don’t.” Harry snapped anyway. “Now I don’t know who the hell you are but you need to leave.”
“The man, he was American and he was maybe that one’s height.” Harry answered and pointed at Sherlock. “Brown hair, white. I didn’t really look at his face. She was Irish, I think, taller than me but shorter than the man. Dark brown hair, very pretty.”
“We were nice to you on your birthday.” Willa said and stubbornly refused to move her head.
“John!”
Jessica shook her head.
It took several rings before the video call connected.
he was giving the boy insulin.” He corrected.
“I want your help when you have some to give,” he bit out in a terribly measured voice, “but right now you have none to give and are doing nothing but making me very, very annoyed.”
the one who got her out of the flat just for an afternoon shag.”
“Allergies.” Sherlock shrugged though he found himself looking at the folder Lestrade had intended to give him.
“John.” Sherlock’s voice was closer now, somehow he’d managed to move directly in front of John without him noticing.
“I can tell you if she’s been drinking, John,” Sherlock said eventually, “but there was no way I could know what she was doing, I don’t even think she realized what she was doing.”
“One of the guys said this is yours.” Lestrade said, not moving from just outside the door.
Harry hadn’t been expecting John’s comfort because she thought he knew something that
“Since today seemed to go well are you able to watch her Wednesday and next week?” John inquired as they sat on the sofa in the evening. John was reading and Sherlock had curled up, nearly asleep when he posed the question.
“Act 1, scene 1. Rousillon. The Count’s palace.” Sherlock began.
“Because I am not a patient man and I will not be held accountable for what I do if you remove any more clothing.” Sherlock warned him with a carefully neutral tone.
“Hello John.” She greeted as they stepped back from one another.
It had been difficult to keep track of Sherlock when he was exiled, difficult but not impossible. She knew too many high-ranking men and women to make anything truly impossible to her.
“Yes,
“I don’t know they weren’t speaking English.” She sounded utterly put out at the idea.
Turns out someone *cough* wrote it and 3000 words of the next chapter entirely in present tense while the rest of the fic is in past tense.
Molly made a happy noise and looked visibly relieved as if she’d honestly expected Sherlock to tell her the slightly podgy accountant was secretly a murder. Then again it wouldn’t be the first time he’d told her something similar.
Hayley, as if remembering, then summarily introduced Sherlock to the Cooper children, who ranged in age from thirteen to three. She mostly pointed in various places around them, the children having immediately wandered off, and rattled off names and ages.
“Have you got him?” Molly asked and when Willa nodded she backed away.
Willa considered it. “Will it dry?”
Willa did and they instantly dropped down to the ball of fur on her. She let out a gasp. “Oh my gosh.” She said in such a reverent tone. John thumbed the shutter button on his phone repeatedly, heard several other phones doing the same thing.
He wanted to reassure John that they’d find her soon, that everything would be alright again and as soon as she was home they’d take a new photo of the three of them for his mobile.
“He started throwing up and his sugar was getting so high. I gave him another bolus while I called 999.” Erik explained and tears were running silently down his face. “I had Lydia too so I couldn’t ride with him. When we got to the hospital he was already unconscious. When he… died, the doctors told me it was from the hypoglycemia. I didn’t even know about the nicotine until after Emma showed up.”
Willa was content to push around the 2 centimeters of snow with her little shovel while John sat in the doorway nursing a cup of tea and a novel. Mrs. Hudson, who was recovering splendidly from her surgery, joined him every now and then to chat.
Kyle’s diet was unremarkable and had very few items in common with the other victims.
“No. He is alive.” Mycroft said softly.
“I will tell you, he was found carrying a gift to Willa from AGRA.” Mycroft said gesturing to a table behind them.
Willa looked up in surprise. “You wouldn’t?”
"What have you done?" Harry hissed only to realize her hand had risen to cover her mouth in an attempt to calm her breathing.
Sherlock shook his head again. John wouldn’t give up that easily. “Really, Sherlock, now is the best time to hold him. He’ll barely move.”
There are also many places a parent (and face it at this point Sherlock is a parent as well as John) will go in defense of their child.
Willa rolled her eyes. “My experiment.” She insisted.
Willa didn’t ask anything more and finally began eating her burger.
Sherlock was pleased when John finally began understanding. He shook his head at the question. “He
“Goodnight.” Sherlock said brusquely.
Mycroft looked up from his desk perplexed, obviously having expected Sherlock to leave. “It’s our weekend with them but I also believe Deborah is planning a trip with her newest toy. We’ll take an extended weekend in March before the hearing.”
Greg let out a cough that sounded suspiciously like ‘creepy.’ John had to turn his head so he didn’t laugh.
So when Sherlock asked to tuck Willa in he could only nod.
Also brush your teeth this is mouth rotting fluff. I have no regrets.
“You are safe here.” Mycroft assured. “When we have captured her or confirmed she has fled the country you will be able to return to London.”
Mycroft pulled the phone out of Sherlock’s reach and sighed. “Six years is a long time, Sherlock.”
“Why?” She asked.
Greg made mental notes of where Sherlock was pointing so he could direct forensics there. “So someone knocked Harry out and-”
Willa made a noise. “Daddy says if it weren’t for you I wouldn’t have been born.”
“I was naked less than a minute ago.” Sherlock reminded him even as he continued to button his shirt.
Sherlock’s lips tasted like whiskey and John chased the flavor further into his mouth. Sherlock let out a low sound and let him.
Two colorful drawings on the refrigerator, a stack of primary colored plastic cups sat in the sink waiting to be washed and there were black pen marks climbing a door frame. Three small jackets of varying weights hung on the coat tree with John’s. An orange stuffed cat was half pushed down into the back of the sofa and several small toys had disappeared beneath it. A bin of Legos sat on one of the lower book shelves along with dozens of children’s books.
“You’re not wrong.” John said finally. “It’s not that I don’t want to, I do. God, I want to so badly but I can’t… we can’t.”
“And pictures,” Sherlock said as he took a piece of paper and waved it towards her. John couldn’t really see the paper but he saw enough to recognize some photos from Willa’s second birthday.
“Where are we going?” John asked in the car on the drive to Mycroft’s.
Willa managed to sit up this time, but her arms and legs still felt wobbly. Cole was back in the room, his lips were pulled together in a very thin line and he wouldn't look away from a spot on the wall. She only barely remembered the conversation from before, her sleepy head making it feel more like a dream than something that really happened. Whatever he'd agreed to do was making him very upset.
When he’d gotten out Willa was sitting on the table watching as Sherlock made eggs, from the looks of it this was at least the second attempt at doing it.
He was about to stab the end call button when he heard John’s voice again. “Sherlock…”
Mycroft was watching from the corner of the kitchen apparently very interested in learning how Willa and Sherlock got on. The girl might have been hesitant with Sherlock but she had been extremely comfortable with Mycroft when they’d arrived and had no problem demonstrating affection with him. Mycroft obviously involved himself regularly in their lives, something John didn’t seem to mind much if the conversation about learning French was indicative of their relationship now.
Sherlock would have welcome his brother’s smugness for the next decade over having found something out before Sherlock if it meant they would have Willa back tonight.
Willa had been quiet at dinner once she realized Sherlock wasn’t going to be there. They’d both gotten very used to his presence in such a short time.
“I believe so.”
Sherlock stood abruptly. “I’ll make him the offer and let you know.” He was about to leave when, for reasons unknown to him, turned and asked. “Why do you have the children then? Shouldn’t you and Lestrade be off…” He trailed off unable to finish the sentence.
Right up until the day the bastard had revealed he’d tricked them all.
She reminded him of Sherlock at that age, perhaps because he’d had little to do with any other babies. Even then, when Mycroft was eight and found his little brother mostly tiresome, a giggle from the little boy had always managed to coax a smile onto his face.
Sherlock blinked, for a moment, confused. “Useless,” he parroted.
A very pedestrian tragedy that some might have deemed a worthwhile story, but one Mycroft found tedious. Though he wondered if that dullness had caused him to overlook something.
It wasn’t a question but Sherlock nodded anyway. “I’ve interrogated dozens of people, John. Not once have I needed a handler, I knew my limits and never had any desire to step over them…”
“But...” John encouraged.
John wasn’t sure what to make of the sleeping together incident. It certainly made his argument to Mrs. Hudson that it wasn’t ‘like that’ invalid since they actually did sleep in the bed at the same time. It wasn’t that John minded. Sherlock wasn’t a bad bedmate. He didn’t steal the covers or roll into John’s space, in fact the only contact they’d had all night was the light pressure of Sherlock’s fingers between his shoulder blades.
Dinner was pleasant and Angelo fussed over them. It was hard to tell if Angelo knew what was going on, he was always over attentive to them. He loved Willa even more than Sherlock or John and no matter what she ordered there was always something special added on to the plate just to please her.
He was climbing the stairs without any further thought.
When John had woken and looked at his phone, message still displayed on the screen as unread, he scowled and shoved it face down on the night stand. John then turned and snuggled closer into Sherlock, complaining that he didn’t want to get up.
“You couldn’t be on,” Greg continued seemingly not noticing her distress.
Sherlock nodded. “Of course. What does the batter look like?”
John’s old room had been converted into a nursery with antique looking furniture that John was afraid to know the price of. There was a baby pink crown that had been painted over the lilac walls just above the crib and it amused John to no end. Mycroft had recently taken to calling Willa ‘Reinette’ so clearly the decoration had been done at his order.
Sherlock would have, he meant to, but it never seemed to be the right time. “I didn’t want to ask in front of Willa since I don’t think she knows.”
“Hello, Sherlock.” She called through the phone.
Suggesting a therapist was entirely out of the question. John was, to his knowledge, the only doctor Sherlock had ever truly trusted and it wasn’t like John had exactly had success with his own therapist. So it was up to John and Mycroft (though the latter would no doubt be met with derision) to watch over Sherlock’s mental state.
Sherlock leaned against the rail as his knees threatened to give out. It was the first time she actually had called him that name, not just asked if she could. “Goodnight, Willa.” His voice was weak even to his own ears.
“No I don’t.” Sherlock informed her and cursed his brother.
