Tony had been so caught up with everything that he almost didn’t realize which day it was when he woke up on December 16th. Key word being
“C’mon, platypus. You’re really saying you’ve never had any interest in being a CEO?” Rhodey just groaned at his best friend’s antics.
Steve seemingly blinked and suddenly it was Thanksgiving and everyone was gathering at the lakehouse for dinner put on by him and Tony (but mostly him.) Tony hadn’t been hesitant to have everyone over, per say, but Steve knew it was still a lot for him to be around all the other Avengers in most settings. Especially the lakehouse, considering the last gathering they had there was Pepper’s funeral.
“I don’t think it’s in his files…”
“Alright, darling, shall we go?” Morgan nodded.
“Tony!” He jiggled the door handle but it was, as expected, locked. “Shit.”
He sat on Morgan’s bed and stroked her forehead as he sang quietly. She looked up at him with such awe. Steve knew his own face probably mirrored her expression. He crouched down right outside the door, unbeknownst to the father and daughter just inside. The song was slow and Steve was sure he had heard it before, although where he couldn’t tell.
“Yep.” Peter provided no further explanation.
let Morgan find out, Pete, please.”
“What?”
Here’s another chapter for you guys, I had a lot of fun writing this one (despite how absolutely depressing it is.) Enjoy!
“Since we’re down by one leader or trainer or whatever you want to call it…” Oh. She meant Natasha. Steve blinked rapidly to prevent any tears from falling.
“He’s not a morning guy, huh?”
Twenty-five minutes later, Tony emerged, all visibly-forced smiles, and asked if anyone wanted a coffee or anything before the went home. Most of them politely declined and soon enough the cars were pulling out of the driveway.
Why did Steve always feel the need to make a scene at inconvenient times? Though, really, there wasn’t much about the time that was inconvenient, it was more so that having this discussion at all was
Uncle Steve wants to watch Christmas movies! He said it would be fun because he’s never seen any.”
“Uncle Happy got Chinese food!” She said excitedly as he grabbed the shirt and pulled it over his head.
To Tony, if Peter’s meltdown earlier had said anything, it was that the subject was probably to be avoided.
“Is Mr. Stark okay do you think, Pete?” Aunt May had asked him in a hushed voice as they helped to clear the dinner dishes while Bucky had gone to grab the pumpkin pies from the kitchen. Bucky had claimed it was ‘un-American’ to have Thanksgiving without pumpkin pie and vowed to bring one when Steve, Mr. America himself, appalled everyone by saying he hadn’t picked one up yet for the dinner.
One night after dinner as Steve was scrubbing dishes in the kitchen he heard what sounded almost like singing and froze. He looked around and saw Peter sitting at the dinner table ‘live-tweeting’ as he put it.
Steve’s face heated up a little and he looked at Rhodey incredulously.
As selfish as it was, Steve sort of glad that construction was delayed, because after his old room was rebuilt, what purpose did he have hanging around and living in Tony’s house? He wasn’t ready to leave, to go back and be Captain America again. He was enjoying his life for the first time since he got out of the ice, maybe even ever. There was no war to fight that couldn’t be fought without him now, no sense of impending doom.
“Patience is a virtue, Pete,” he raised his eyebrows at him and Peter frowned.
“Uncle Steve says I already am,” Morgan grinned and Tony snorted.
This isn’t to bash Pepper at all, just so you know, I love her. But the first time I saw endgame, I thought of how interesting it would be to look into how Tony would cope if it would have been Pepper who died instead of him.
” Tony continued despite the tears, but stopped when they overtook him as he started the chorus again.
“Daddy! Why?!”
He felt a hand brush over his own and Steve grabbed it. It froze, as if caught. The fingers slowly grasped back and Steve didn’t have to look over to know Tony was staring at him.
“Daddy?” Morgan said inquisitively and Tony put down his Stark tablet.
“Fuck,” he said under his breath and Peter turned to him in shock.
“I just,” his voice was still a little raspy and he had to stop to clear his throat again, “I just want you to know that you can talk to me about this kind of stuff.”
“That said, if you do anything to fuck with him I will go all War Machine on your ass.”
“What do you mean by that?”
“There’s room for discussion about it, Tony,” May looked at him and he shrugged.
Even Spider-man had taken a bit of a hiatus given Peter’s decision to take the fall semester off, instead doing online material from his Midtown teachers while staying at the lakehouse. After some negotiating with May and a letter Steve had written under Tony’s name, the arrangement was set that he would come back to school at the end of January, when spring semester started.
“So, you’re,” she took her time with the pronunciation of the new word, “
was writing an article on Rhodey entitled ‘Rhodes to Success’ which Tony thought was the funniest thing he’d ever heard. Rhodey did not share Tony’s amusement.
“What gave you that idea?” Tony sneered, still refusing to look at him. Steve shrugged. He knew he wasn’t wanted here but he forced himself not to turn around and give up.
He gave the hand a squeeze and focused back on the reflection of the lake.
As Peter followed the two adults into the living room, he got the feeling he would probably have to be the one to mediate their discussion. It wasn’t that Aunt May and Mr. Stark didn’t get along persay, because usually it was totally fine. It was just that with everything that had gone on recently, Peter knew that neither of them had the most patience or tact at the moment.
“I just… needed a moment,” he settled on, “by myself.”
“Night, Steve,” Tony frowned at him a little.
The funeral...
Most days it was Pepper.
“May!” Peter squawked, running his hands through his hair.
“That’s what happens when you live in different states.”
Tony sat in the tiny chair by Morgan’s play tent and stared up at the clouded sky. It was fucking freezing, but he wasn’t going to let something as stupid as temperature ruin anything. It was odd, being in a forest not overly far from where his parents had died on the anniversary of their death. Before, Tony had always been in Malibu or later the city, but the last five years had forced him to reopen the wound of his parents in a way that ran almost deeper than finding out about Bucky had.
I do have a beta now (yay)! But as always kudos and comments (or corrections) are appreciated! I know chapter 3 is very late but it's on its way...Thank you for your patience! ^^;
“Why not, Steve? It’s been a year and we’re still stuck in the same goddamn loop! I can’t-” Tony interrupted himself, trying to take a second to unclench his tight jaw and sore hands. “I’m trying, Steve. My best. Why don’t you - do you even see that?” Tony finally said incoherently. The other man was now slumped against a wall staring blindly at the floor.
I apologize for the late update, thank you for your patience! A special thanks to my lovely beta,
“The captain.” Tony brought both repulsors up. “You know, I really don’t like surprises. What are you doing here?”
Natasha came running to Steve, shaking him out of his painful trance abruptly. « Cap. Steve. We’ve got incoming. A non-identified ship just landed in Wakanda. » Steve looked at her, his gears turning slower than they ever have since the day he took the serum. « Steve, are you with me? Come on, get it together. » With that, he snapped back into Captain America mode like a released rubber band and nodded firmly before following the spy.
“I’ll take that as my que to leave,” Tony said before blasting away, narrowly missing Hyperion’s fist. As he found his footing again, Doctor Spectrum raised an arm, obviously ready for fire.
Tony investigated the footage later and identified the criminals who showed up in the dimensional rift. Hawkeye, Widow, the God of Crime — really, the person who comes up with these names should be trialed for crime against humanity — the Hulk, Falcon and the Captain.
Tony thought.
“I think that’s quite enough, Tony.” Tony rolled his eyes and reached for the glass, scooting closer to Steve in the same instance.  The captain caught his hand and brought Tony’s attention back to him by grabbing him by the jaw. The motion kickstarted a replay of the dream in Tony’s head and he started laughing again.
“Yes, sir.”
“I’m tired of running around the globe trying to find the most inconspicuous places…” Tony’s hand gestured with disdain at the room surrounding them. “...to meet. And I want to be home as much as you…” Tony eyes traveled back to the kids outside. “I...I want what you want, Steve.” Steve’s eyes suddenly locked onto Tony’s.
“Fair enough,” Tony said, as he rose to his feet, heading for the bar. Again. Getting hammered in the presence of a guy who broke into your secret base might not be the soundest of decisions. But then again, today sucked bad.
“Tsk, remind me to design you better next time.” Shooing away the nearest holograms, Tony headed to the bar for a much-needed drink. The first sip sent the heady and complex perfume of his aged whiskey through his pallet, instantly soothing the raw edges of his nerves. Tony sank into his nearby computer chair and observed the few remaining holograms that brightened the dark hide-out. Tony sigh and tilted his head back. The footage felt alarmingly foreign to him.
“I dreamed of you, you know. I thought I was going nuts when you showed up here, as if materialized from my subconscious. And boy is my subconscious accurate, right down to the jaw grabbing.” Steve’s eyes widened comically, and Tony snickered, he liked that look as well.
“J.A.R.V.I.S., bring out my live-combat recordings dossier.” When met with silence, Tony drew in a deep breath and let his heavy eyelids close for a minute. Great, now his A.I. was taking a nap.
“You really are him.” Steve looked perplexed and slightly annoyed and Tony decided he liked that look.
“You know, I think I can’t get any cleaner than this,” Tony huffed as he felt Steve smile against his neck.
Update : Chapter 3 has been translated to
. I wasn't satisfied with the second chapter so forever_jimin helped me rework it. I hope you guys like the new version and feel free to let me know what you think.
“Unfortunately not sir. That was a dimensional anomaly of immeasurable power.”
The wheels are turning...
“And you underdressed,” the genius replied before returning his attention to the children outside. They both stared in silence for a moment before Steve whispered softly.
“Oh my, captain. Who would have thought!” Tony said, making Steve roll his eyes.
“You found me. What can I do for you, cap?” Tony asked as he stepped into the elevator with Steve trailing him close behind. Steve paused, obviously considering something and Tony felt like he was going mad, his mental struggles showing under the form of impatient jittering.
“Is…something wrong?” Steve finally asked. The hesitant tone was nothing but sweet, but Tony was irritated to death by it.
“Error. I cannot identify the files you are requesting, sir.” Tony frowned as the beginning of a promising headache bloomed behind his closed eyes. That’s not good. Regaining some composure, Tony took another drawl of liquor and got to work, determined to get to the bottom of this. His memory was foggy, but he could have sworn he had several dossiers dedicated to battle archives. As he typed away, his vision started to give, and, despite his best attempts, darkness swallowed him before he could think of finding a more comfortable place to rest.
Nebula brings Tony back to earth.
I'm also on tumblr :
“How much time?” Steve asked eagerly. Tony grinned, the blue intensity of Steve’s eyes making his heart flutter.
“Tony, why won’t you talk to me? Did I do something wrong that made you think I’m not reliable?” Steve asked, his voice trailing, becoming softer and softer. He sounded very heartbroken and Tony felt like an asshole.
“-- Sir?” Tony grunted as he blinked slowly against a blinding blue light.
_____________________________
“I’m fine. Did you find anything?” Tony lied. Which was all kinds of pointless considering he was lying to his own creation.
This was the guy he saw in his dream. But how? He had never met the captain in person before today. Taken aback, Tony finally lowered his stance and retracted his face plate. Relief was so honestly written on the captain’s face that Tony found himself relaxing despite his own will.
“What else happened?” Steve asked.
, Tony thought half amused, half horrified as his heart throbbed painfully.
“Well you look fine,” the paramedic confirmed as she pulled back and started to gather her things.
“I’m Steve Rogers,” the captain said. Steve, just like the blondie in his dream. Today was getting weirder and weirder.
Tony tried to remember the previous fight with the douche ego-alien, but the more he tried, the faster his foggy mind spun in and out of focus. Hyperion might have hit him harder than he thought.
As his vibrant armour pod came into sight, Tony got up to his feet, grunting as his used armour whined and rattled and pulled the manual eject of the suit. The pieces of metal peeled off his body, some damaged parts scattering messily on the dusty ground around him. Upon observation, his under armour was also quite damaged. The body tight suit was now stretched and ripped at multiple places and sagged against his frame like an old cloth. Tony could feel Steve’s scanning gaze upon him and tried in vain to hide the more compromising rips as he fought back a blush. As the telltale whine of the pod got more pronounced, Steve finally got the memo and took a couple steps back as the armour pod arrived and landed gracefully. Tony let it scan his biometrics and, at last, a fresh suit of armour started to wrap around his body.
“Yeah and I’m a superhero. Nice try,” Tony retorted, keeping his guard up. The captain paused and then slowly lowered his shield to the ground and raised his hands in the universal sign of surrender.
“Maybe it’s time to meet some other criminals,” Tony thought out loud.
“Well, that’s not creepy at all. Are you a fan or something?” Steve laughed, the sound making a soothing warmth spread at the base of his reactor.
“Come on. I need to get out, I’m getting more wrinkly than I should be,” The genius said, turning off the water before walking out of the shower and wrapping himself in a fluffy towel. Steve’s strong arms wrapped around him, effectively stopping the drying process.
The symptoms mysteriously dissipated the next morning and the renewed energy gave Tony an uncontrollable urge to cause trouble. After a cup of coffee, he was feeling vengeful and sent drones down to mid-town where he previously got his butt kicked. The streets were usually pretty quiet on Sundays so with some luck there would be no civilians around. He didn’t want the Squadron to be distracted by a spontaneous rescue mission. Tony took his time slipping on a fresh under armor and walked onto the suit’s assembly platform. His drone attack was live one of his projectors and, as of now, they were barely holding off. Albeit a bit annoying, it didn’t matter much; it just meant he wasn’t going to miss the party.
In an effort to shield his face from the blinding light, the billionaire turned around, making his bedmate stir in response.
---------
Damn, and here he thought today was going to be a good day.
“Try me.”
Thank you for reading, I hope you liked it! As always kudos and comments are very appreciated. :)
“I thought the serum gave you better-than-average vision. I guess I was wrong,” Tony mused, extracting himself from Steve’s embrace before leaving the modest bathroom. Steve joined him in front of the window as Tony was buttoning his dress shirt, captivated by a group of children who were playing together. The soldier hugged the smaller man again and kissed Tony’s temple.
There you go! If you notice any mistakes please feel free to let me know. Of course, kudos and comments are always welcomed!
“Please call me Steve and…well, I already knew your name.”
“No, I did not, sir.” Without replying, Tony rose in a hurry, clutching his mouth as he bolted for the nearby bathroom. He barely had time to get to his knees when his empty stomach contracted, and he gagged on a disgusting mix of acidic coffee and bile.
Disclaimer: I am not a doctor nor a scientist, therefore some descriptions/details might not (will not) be accurate
“I don’t want you to go.” Tony closed his eyes, suddenly invaded by a conflicting mix of defeat and agitation.
________________________________
He has never cried in front of the team. But the feeling of massive loss, of fear, of failure came crashing down on Tony like a tsunami, breaking his last barriers. Steve responded by gripping him harder, making his wound protest again. But Tony didn’t care. He just squeezed harder and nuzzled his face into Steve’s neck, inhaling the familiar musky scent and sobbing without saying a word.
The Captain.
“Oh no you don’t,” Tony muttered to himself before blasting the energy core in his enemy’s palm. With a whining noise, the energy core sent waves of power surges, casting a pulsing yellow light around the armor…which was now red and gold?
And then, realisation struck Tony.
who translated the first and second chapter into Chinese!
“Then we’ll figure that out too,” Steve answered after a moment. Tony chuckled and looked up. Hooking one arm around the captain’s neck, Tony dragged him in for another kiss. As they parted, Steve gave another quick peck at Tony’s cheek and deactivated the emergency shut-down of the elevator.
“Okay. Well, my electro-cage has some design flaws.” So much for that, he’ll have to go back to the drawing board for that one. The fight was a scramble and went downhill depressingly fast. All and all, Tony thought he fared well. The McLoser team were in a five against one situation, so Tony knows he would have totally kicked butts if it was a one-on-one situation. That’s what he thought when Hyperion ripped his faceplate off, sending the crowd into a choral of booing.
everyone was.  The men showing off their baby pictures, the women swapping stories of home improvements since last year's conference, shared laughter and memories and experiences.  These people didn't seem like monsters but their thought processes were so fucked up. Tony almost felt like they needed saving as much as their omegas; most of them seemed to have fond, indulgent attitudes and it was creepily familiar to Tony, because that's exactly how his father had always spoken of Jarvis.  Tony had certainly never considered their relationship anything other than good and mutually beneficial.
Nonetheless, he wasn't thrilled with being stuck here.  He felt strange, strange in a way he couldn't identify.  Whatever thing he'd been chasing, he'd caught it.  He felt satisfied with himself for getting it.  But what "it" was and what he was supposed to do with "it" were still not clear to him.  He felt a brief, stabbing annoyance at his father.  This was Howard's fault for never sitting Tony down and explaining how the hell omegas worked.  Tony would have never guessed sex with an omega (one that wasn't on suppressants) would make him feel like this.
"You were very clear about status in your meeting," Steve assured Gideon coolly, blue eyes flashing with something fiery. For some reason, seeing Malick made him feel better about this whole thing.
Ian hummed around a slice of garlic bread. "They'll probably go as political as they can get away with."
Tony was feeling a bit bothered; Callum racked up the balls cheerfully.  Callum was an Alpha, though not a very dominant one.
Steve gave Tony a look of confusion.  "Why?  What do you want?"
Tony laughed breathlessly, hands stroking Steve's back as his omega draped over him.  "Not again.  Oh, geez.  Okay, I'm serious, I'll get snipped again, just to make sure, okay... but it's the very end of our honeymoon, we're probably good, right?"  He reached up to take Steve's chin and tilt his head so he could kiss his forehead.  "I love you so much, omega.  So, so much."  A pause while Tony basked in the afterglow.  "...don't touch my wrists, though, 'k?" he added with forced casualness, one hand still petting Steve's back.  He kissed his forehead again.
"People love me," agreed Tony.
"Stark!  Great to see you, welcome... where's Captain Rogers?"
"...that's what he calls it."  Happy checked his watch. Tony was chronically late and today was no different.  Pepper had once remarked that Tony having a private jet wasn't a luxury, but a necessity, since he'd never be able to make a commercial flight on time.  "Ginny told me that you two are going to the Alphas' United conference. Isn't that co-hosted by the Gentlemen Alphas' Club? You know what you're getting into, right?"
him?" he blurted.
"We'll give you updates," Banksy promised.
Steve changed and got into bed beside Tony.
"...Tony?"  It was Natasha.  Though there was a lot of background noise.  It sounded like she at a fucking preschool or something.
Yes. Evidence of last night's activities simply wouldn't do. Made sense.
(She hardly needed to tell him that.)
Tony shook himself out.  "Sorry.  I'll be back in time for the flight, I mean," he said, trying not to stare.  He'd never noticed before but Coulson was actually a good-looking guy.  Not as good as Steve, though.  Steve was a work of art.  Carved from marble.  Even though his clothes were messy and dirty and his face was flushed, Tony couldn't help but feel a sharp pang of attraction.
Steve, Aria, and Pepper were deep in conversation.
"I'm just glad they didn't tell Gideon to look after me because you were busy and technically 'his' for the day or whatever. That would have been horrible," Steve whispered. "I knew... from the moment I saw that man, I just knew there was something
" ...it might help to meet her in person?"
hard, his default method was to close himself up.
"Naw."
"It'll be okay Steve," Maria said, sounding certain. She was producing a needle out of a suitcase. "This will calm Tony down, make him sleepy, but I won't give him enough to knock him out."
Steve pushed against his chest half-heartedly. "Buck. Come on."
Nothing a drink couldn't fix.
Pepper knelt on the floor in front of Tony, not touching him.  "Tony.  Tony, listen to me.  He's your assistant.  He's on payroll.  You don't really want him.  He's just in heat.  Tony, your father--"
Tony gave up trying to look from above the crowd.  It was too bright and busy and the augmented reality in the HUD display was honestly making things worse.
Donner winced a little.  "He's kicking again. I swear, this kid is going to be a soccer player."  He lifted his shirt; there was a small ripple over his stomach.
Natasha grabbed a small thumb drive from her pocket and plugged it into a tower next to the monitor; a moment later she was slipping it into her pocket, and she and Tony were both behind Steve, Natasha pointing a gun into the beta's back.  Tony's face plate was still on, the face of Iron Man fixed into place, expressionless.
?" Steve shook his head to himself, running a hand over his face. "He was awful. Can I report him for that shit?"
"Sometimes I have bad dreams.  About my parents. The bombings.  The riots."
"Okay, word of warning, Steve.  They're definitely going to be trying to get pictures of your neck.  Don't try to hide it but also, don't be surprised if you see it all over the front page tomorrow.  There's a ten-minute press conference and we've tried to exclude any questions that are too inappropriate, but it's possible that one will slip through the cracks.  Ultimately, the World Security Council screened a lot of the press but there might be one or two plants in there trying to discredit you or make you look bad. Just be yourself and don't let them trip you up.  Remember, you're representing your status and so you need to be calm and level-headed and sympathetic."
it.  She was like a damn furnace of dominant hormones.  She was five feet of omega fury.  Tony and Steve towered over her, but she had a posture that demanded attention.
Nothing.  Tony sat on the end of the couch, strumming his instrument, staring off into his shop.
"Wait!" he croaked.  "He's alive! I can't feel his... his emotions, but... but I think-- they're
. This was because he was fucking done. He was
Nonetheless, he was.  The guilt ate at him as they watched
"We can't really easily say--" began one.
"Bucky. Please. Come on. You don't want to do this. You don't," Steve said, voice a touch softer now. But it still had tremble in it. "Don't you remember?" He asked and moved his body under the other's suggestively, his hot breath clouding in the air in front of his face.
Then Steve laughed too but there was uneasiness that lingered in his bones. He couldn't shake the feeling.  It was a strange sensation that- no matter where - the Winter Soldier was headed straight for him. And that there was nothing he could do about it.  That they were on a collision course.
"I knew he was nice.  Can I see the orchid now?"
Karpov stared at him for a moment, then looked at the girl.  "Don't confuse him," he snapped, pulling out a red book. "солдат.  Come."
He felt a tug of discomfort in his gut.  Pepper...
He and Steve cuddled up in the backseat; Happy drove them silently home.  Tony had never been happier to see his house sitting on the cliffs of Malibu, dutifully awaiting his return.
He didn't really believe that nothing was wrong, but he let it drop.  He didn't like talking about feelings.
."  (The arvicolina; the prostate; the foreskin.)  (Tony lacked a bonding gland, had no idea where his own prostate was, and was circumcised.)
"Oh God... she
"How's things with Brennan going?" she asked abruptly and Steve looked confused at the question.
Tony reached up and stroked his stomach softly.
Steve glared at him, waiting for him to apologize.  But Tony was drunk. He wasn't getting Steve's words, by the looks of it. "Just... just stay here and sober up," he said, finally.  "You can't be drunk around the kids."  Then he stepped back out, a slight slump in his shoulders. It was evident in every fibre of Steve's being: he was disappointed.
Tony swallowed and reached around to put the collar on Steve's neck.  The click of the lock was loud enough for both of them to hear.
"Hey!  Hands off the merchandise!" barked Tony.  Then he added, "Not that Steve is merchandise!  Omegas are people, and people are priceless! ...it's just an expression!"
“I wasn’t expecting visitors,” Tony called back, raising his right repulsor towards the source of the voice, his increased heart beat the only thing betraying his surprise. A man in a black uniform came out of the shadows, shield in hand, and Tony immediately recognized him.
“I want us to have a home...I want us to have…that,” Steve finished pitifully as he pointed meekly at the painfully pure sight in front of them. The soldier sighed before burying his face in the crook of the other man’s neck. Tony's shoulders sank and bit before he replied.
“Then I guess you won’t mind I came in uninvited.” A familiar voice called from behind him. Tony bolted back as the faceplate slipped back down. Nobody could have bypassed his security systems without him noticing.
“I like to be surprising,” Steve said as he retorted with a light slap on Tony’s left butt cheek, making the smaller man squeal. Tony mumbled unhappily as Steve kissed him apologetically.
“Ok, I’m going to leave first. Cap, could you lead the team back to the mansion with the quinjet?” Tony said as he was already a few meters off the ground. He really wanted to go home, now. Steve seemed to hesitate, and Tony knew why. They usually left together as Steve really enjoyed the experience of flying with Iron Man. But Tony really wasn’t in the mood for that and, to make his point, he started hovering away before the captain said, “Sure.”
Tony’s breath hitched as he was flopped down in front of the dash. Had the situation been different, he would certainly have raved over the technology of Star-lord’s ship. Today, it barely registered in his brain. His eyes were focused on the approaching planet he called home, looking awfully frail in the vast expense of the galaxy. For all he knew, he could be the only one left. Pepper, Rhodes, Happy, Bruce, Fury, his old team could have all evaporated like Peter did. Cap also could be gone. The thought jerked his worn out heart violently. Out of reflex, he clutched his empty left pocket where he stored that goddamn excuse of a phone for two years.
. His felt his face tense up in a sob, yet he was unable to cry. He brought his hand to his chest and clutched it protectively. For a moment, they both stilled in a silent mourn before Nebula spoke. « We’re almost there. From what I gathered your team, The Avengers, were in a sector of your planet called Wakanda. » Tony simply nodded, his head too full and heavy to formulate any coherent phrases. He tried to get up from the bench he had been lying on, but without the adrenaline, his legs failed him and gave out under his body weight. Before he could hit the floor Nebula caught him. « You should stay down. » Tony eyed her and pointed towards the pilot’s chair. « Bring me? » Tony whispered Nebula simply nodded and complied.
Today was such a bad day. He barely made it out of the superhero team’s grip – a bit more and he would have had to accessorise a bright orange onesie, not that fashion was a priority in jail — and now he might have a head injury.
On top of everything, he missed his date with Steve.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I have to,” Tony said, his voice colder than intended. Steve replied by hugging him harder, making Tony’s chest ache.
Tony felt an inexplicable, not to mention annoying, pull to that villain.
“So I’ve been told,” Tony flirted. He was rewarded with a concealed snort as the woman left to tend to other patients. Steve took that opportunity to come by, having apparently also received the seal of approval from his own paramedic.
Tony groaned as the bright morning light assaulted him. Apparently, they forgot to properly close the blinds in last night’s frenzy. Tony squinted his eyes as he tried to decipher the numbers on the wall clock.
I hope you like it! :)
“Actually, you pried my jaw open and shoved your tongue into my mou--hmmf,” Tony protested as Steve covered the chatty mouth with his big hand.
“Who?” Tony stayed quiet and after a pause Steve said, “Are you talking about Vapor?” Tony blushed furiously and tried to scurry away from Steve’s hold. When he failed to do so, he averted the blue gaze and clenched his jaw.
_____________________________
“Tony...I’m sorry,” Steve whispered before pausing and resting a heavy hand on the genius’ arm. “...I can’t,” the soldier finally said as tears rolled down freely on his cheeks. Tony pulled back his hands as if the contact burned, turning his back to Steve as he distanced himself.
, who worked very hard with me on this chapter. :3
“Tony, what’s going on?” Steve pressed on and Tony was about to lose his mind. Was Steve experiencing brain damage after the gamma transformation? Tony was ready to bet good money on that one. He tore his face away from the constricting hand and glared at the blond man.
Anyways, he already made the bad decision of removing his stuffy armor — with the exception of his gauntlets, he’s stupid not suicidal, thank you very much — so drinks it is. With a little bit of a stagger, Tony got to the bar and refilled his glass.
“Give Vapour a kiss.”
Tony’s slower brain took a moment to compute the new input. Steve’s hand was still covering his mouth and, feeling mischievous, Tony licked the broad palm. Steve pulled his hand away only to be caught by the smaller man as Tony finally leaned in and kissed him. When Steve stayed unresponsive, something inside Tony laid down and died and, in an attempt to cut his loses, he started pulling away.
Thank you for reading!
“You are not wrinkly, Tony,” Steve said into the smaller man’s ear, sending a wave of goosebumps down Tony’s neck.
! Thank you so much
“Of course. Who did you expect? A good guy?” Tony replied, grinning behind his faceplate at his own joke. “Fell for the old trick robot bit, huh? You might be earth’s mightiest heroes but you’re clearly not earth’s smartest.”
“If you think that’s creepy, you won’t like what I’m going to say next.”
---------
“…I told you it was stupid,” Tony said, miming defiance to hide his shame. They shared a second of silence that felt like days to Tony before Steve leaned down and sealed their lips together. Tony made an embarrassing squeal of surprise as Steve wasted no time in deepening the kiss, and started licking inside the slick cavity, pressing his hot tongue onto Tony’s. Once he got past the initial shock, Tony kissed back eagerly, grabbing onto the arm that was still holding his chin hostage and cupping Steve’s cheek with his spare hand. Tony tried to keep the kiss going for as long as he could, breathing hotly through his nose when he could, until the burn in his lungs got too intense to bear and he had to break for air. He huffed as Steve pressed his forehead against Tony’s, barely out of breath.
“You give me no choice, Tony. Whether you talk to me or we stay here.” Steve was evil. Tony had decided that now. Supervillain grade evil. He crossed his arms on his chest defiantly and look away realizing he must have done something similar when he was 5 years old.
His arrival was welcomed by the ear-piercing scream of a little girl — or a little boy, who was he to judge — and Tony noted that there were more civilians than expected. That was going to complicate things.
“I’m fine looking apparently,” Tony quoted, trying to cover his growing frustration with humor. Upon receiving a puzzled look from Steve, he realized the whole act was probably not very convincing. Tony could have said something else but he just, well, didn’t feel like it. Steve, being Steve, just stood there, eradiating awkwardness and indecision.
On a second thought, he might take the rest of the night off.
“Are you kidding me right now? You slammed the emergency breaks to ask me how I was doing? Are you out of your mind, Steve?” Tony ranted. He was beyond tempted to call J.A.R.V.I.S. again, but with the way Steve’s big annoying hand was hovering above his mouth, he knew it’d probably be a repeat of the previous edition.
_____________________________
« This is my crew’s ship. They’re stupid but it’s unlike them to come unannounced. » said the raccoon. As if on cue, the ship’s doors opened and Steve and Thor stalked forward, shield and hammer in hand. A few moments passed before two shapes materialized themselves. Steve’s breath caught in his chest. There was Tony, supported by an alien looking woman.
“I want to be home...with you,” The captain said in a tone laced with vulnerability, Tony felt his stomach twist into a knot. The smaller man remained silent, his jaw clenched tight as he tried to maintain the regularity of his breathing.
Then again, why not. It’s not every day that your dreams objectify themselves and Tony was nothing if not opportunistic.
“Excuse me?”
“No, thank you. It’ll go to waste on me.” Steve paused and continued, uncertain. “You should probably put the breaks on that though.”
“What if we don’t?” The question was murmured quietly, like an escaped thought.
Before he could hold himself back, Tony latched onto the broad shoulders like a life jacket and
“She kissed you.” Tony blurted out, feeling the heat of anger and humiliation rise in his body, coloring his cheeks despite his best attempts to curb it. He tried to look away, but Steve had chosen that moment to lift his chin, forcing eye contact.
This chapter moves kind of slow since I needed to set things up for the next phase of the action. It took me a while to figure things out and select the ideas I found interesting. I still don't know how long it'll be but I think it’ll be a lengthy one if I want to spell out everything I’ve thought about.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Come on. What is it, Tony?” As he was met with more silence, Steve bowed his head in exasperation and chewed at the split on his bottom lip. “Tony, I can’t mind-read. What. Is it?” Steve reiterated, annoyance now clear in his voice. Tony tensed a little. He knew Steve would never use his strength against him, especially when he wasn’t in armour. But still, all those years with Howard and Obie thought him that that tone meant trouble and, sometimes, pain. Unconsciously, Tony squeezed himself into the closest corner, unsuccessfully trying to move away from Steve.
"What makes you say that?  Steve must have thought so, he wanted to bond with you."  Tony shook his head.  "Tony.  Steve's previous mate didn't make him happy.  Natasha told me that."  Tony ignored her.  She was a beta.  She didn't understand what it was like.  She couldn't understand the level of betrayal.  Steve had conveniently glossed over his prior bond.  Bonds were a
"What do you mean, they're not firing him?! How can they not fire him?!" Steve demanded, sitting up in bed angrily.
"Show go okay?" he ventured.
The last half-hour had passed in a blur of music and dancing and interviews. One woman was asking Steve about his plans for the new year, hinting at babies. He'd just rolled his eyes fondly and told her: "I'm too busy trying to watch my own ass at the moment."
Tony ran his thumb over Steve's knuckles.  He could think of about a million questions to ask about omegas and heats and suppressants and Steve's well-being, but he felt he'd already embarrassed himself enough by asking whether or not Steve could impregnate himself.
Steve twisted around, lightning-fast, and hooked a foot around his ankle, using all his strength to drag him to the ground whilst he twisted around to jump to his feet. Wanda cried out.
"Oh Tony.
"Right. Stronger for its diversity. Got it," Steve breathed and moved to get back up, his hair only a little neater than it had been before. Aria moved to straighten out of his jacket collar and then they were walking. The back of Steve's neck wasn't even red anymore and the scarring had all turned the shiny pink- white color it should be.
"Come on!  I just want a cup of coffee and like, six donuts.  Give me a break!  This suit
"Why... why is it so cold? Why did you... why did you leave me here?" His voice was small
pretty sad. Singing a happy song won't feel very apologetic now, will it?  Besides, people donate money when people sing sad songs.  Aria told me all about telethons.  I want to raise a bunch of money for those kids over there, to give them a fighting chance like I never had."
Steve cringed when he thought about it.
Heads up: this is a long chapter.  It was actually supposed to be split into two sections (during the party and after the party) but I dun goofed. - T
"He was going to mate me," Steve said like it was the simplest thing in the world, his voice terrifyingly calm. "So then I killed him."
"First of all, it's just called crack, not
"No, it's fine... take Steve... I just need to go do something real quick, get some fresh air... please, Pepper, I gotta, he got me all worked up, you don't know what it's like..." begged Tony.  He was itching to leave, itching to go do something wild and reckless.  Adrenaline was coursing through his veins and if he didn't leave he was positive he and Justin would end up in a fight before the end of the day.  It didn't help that the faint aroma of an omega in heat was floating around the room.  Tony doubted Justin would have had the balls to touch Steve at all if it weren't for that.
From under the water Steve reached up a hand, the backs of his fingers grazing over Tony's cheek. "I love you," he whispered, voice trembling a little until he let his eyes slip shut as he just savored the sensation of the water. It was probably around one in the morning but Steve had truly lost all sense of time.
It was quiet for at least a minute but it wasn't awkward. Steve was taking his time before he spoke up, because he didn't want to say the wrong thing. He knew that Tony being okay with him being double bonded was
Steve's breath hitched and he opened his eyes properly when there was suddenly a Tony on top of him, tugging at his jeans. Ever since Tony had pressed at the back of his neck in the omega pen, his mind had half been on this. He'd known Tony had wanted it in that moment, he could
Natasha had been very clear with him at Clint's:
"Why're they fighting?  Over an omega?" he asked.
He threw back his martini like it was water, set it down on the nearest surface (a marble base supporting a bust), and dusted off his hands lightly.  "Well.  Let's get you cleaned up," he said, placing a hand in the small of Steve's back.  "Please excuse me, gentlemen," he added, nodding pleasantly to Ellis and Rodriguez.
"Yeah, Dad put on a good face for the camera," said Tony, eating the crust he'd managed to isolate from the rest of the pizza.  "He was
Tony found himself wondering if he was asleep and having a nightmare.  He knew Christine, all right.  They'd screwed like weasels about a year or two ago and he'd been ducking her calls ever since.  Justin was still holding Steve's hand; Tony watched a finger slide up Steve's wrist and he could feel anger coursing through his veins.  It took an enormous amount of self-control not to lunge at the other man.
Tony stared.
.  Death didn't know him so he could give any name at all!
"Steve, I gotta question," he said.  He looked like he'd been awake for a few hours, even though he had clearly only just gotten up.  His hair was a mess. "...how come Bucky didn't collar you? Was it just because of money? If you were back in the forties, would you have ended up like all those other omegas?  Just... keeping the house clean and having babies?" He dug around in the fridge for a beer.
At least he could lean on his Alpha.  Bucky.
The room was strangely quiet.  There was no music, no sounds at all; the walls were thick and Steve couldn't hear anything outside or in the hallway.  The only sounds were the heart monitor and Tony's slow, soft, even breathing. Dr. Brennan's voice was calm and even and soothing, but her gaze was fixed on Steve.  Clearly, Steve's tendency to think about others wasn't something she was thrilled about currently.
"...they're here," she said into the phone, then turned to Tony.  "...omegas can't wear jackets," she said.
Steve moved to sit on the bed. He was shaking.
"Stop smelling weird," said Tony, voice cracking, and he felt his eyes suddenly get watery.  He reached for Steve and buried his face into Steve's collarbone, mortified with himself, hoping Steve hadn't noticed and already feeling guilty for making a request that Steve couldn't possibly accommodate.
"No... no, no, no, you're doing great," panted Tony.  "You're doing good, you're so good, omega... I'm sensitive... I'm too sensitive for that right now..."
"Need what?" murmured Tony.  "...just tell me what you want, anything, Steve, anything..."  He wiggled his hips a little, sleepily; under his, Steve reeked of desperation.  But Tony didn't want to knot him; Steve felt too tight and Tony didn't want to hurt him.  Except Steve was pressing their faces together and whimpering and his hands were grabbing...
"Yeah, he wanted me to call Steve.  He's not holding up very good," said George.  "Donner's with him but he asked specifically for Steve and Danielle.  Danielle's on her way."
Steve grunted and lifted his hips up, letting Tony drag his jeans down.
Tony groaned.  Steve had been over there a lot lately.  Tony could not stand the grieving process and, indeed, avoided any sort of mourning as if he was allergic to it.  He had not cried at his parents' funeral, nor Obadiah's, nor Jarvis's or Ana's.  For Yinsen, there had been no memorial service at all.
Despite his attempts to not think about it, he was thinking about it.  The sound of metal scraping rock. The bitter cold of the desert in winter.  The way the horse blankets they used had lice, the way the pebbles bit into his knees when Raza pushed him down.
Steve's face fell.
Tony checked his watch.  Aria and Pepper were walking in, both of them hauling dry-cleaning.
"Give me the first five words that pop into your head when you hear the word tulip."
"It's a positive response?" he checked tentatively and Aria gave him a look.
Tony ducked his head a little, uncharacteristically bashful at the people around them applauding when he put the ring on Steve's finger.
like Steve wasn't used to fighting modern technology.
"Sorry! Sorry. I didn't mean to startle you," Steve said and then held out a hand. "Hey. I'm Steve."
"Why's it matter if it's Saturday?" asked Tony, who rarely went to banks himself.  He had people for that.
"I'm not," she assured him quickly. "I'm just trying to explain them and figure out how we prevent this self-destructive cycle shit in the future... it's worth thinking about. How are things, anyway?"
“How did you know about the therapist?” He turned to his aunt who looked slightly guilty.
“When you turn sixteen, then you can dye your hair,” he proposed.
It had been during their time at Avengers Tower and Steve had loved it, even if he wouldn’t fully admit to it. They’d never gotten around to watching any others because of a last-minute mission that ruined Tony’s attempts at team bonding over the holidays and instead thrust them back into battle. Pepper had been really pissed off over that one when he didn’t show up until after New Year’s Day.
“You locked the door,” Peter choked out, “why would you lock the door?”
It hadn’t felt right decorating the house or carving pumpkins or anything, so Tony let Steve deal with all that. Tony had remembered from their short time living together that Steve was surprisingly very unfestive given the fact that his whole shtick made him appear as the human embodiment of the 4th of July. Despite this, Steve had still carved jack o'lanterns with Morgan and Peter and even bought a bag of candy for the very improbable occasion that any kids would come out to their highly secluded home.
“Pepper’s funeral. Tony is no help, obviously, so I think it has to be us.”
“Okay, I’ll tell you what…”
“Not forever… how long is it actually, math genius?”
However, both men were willing to get over whatever resentment they held for the holiday season to make it perfect for Morgan. After everything that had happened over the past few months, this was something they had to make right for her.
“I get it,” she said after a moment.
On Friday afternoons, Happy would come to the house and have dinner with Tony, Steve, Peter, and Morgan and then drive Peter back to Queens to spend his weekends with May. Happy would be there to drive him back on Monday mornings and thus, a routine was formed.
“Have you thought about maybe bringing it up sometime? I think it’s really great that he has that therapist of his, by the way, but it might do him so good to talk to someone who knows him personally about it. Especially someone who has an idea of what he’s going through.” May knocked her shoulder against Peter’s and he nodded.
“Mr. Stark, if you have a moment, could we maybe talk about Peter for a second? Privately?” She gestured to the living room as she said this and Tony stood up.
Mackenzie procured some paper towels and water and let Tony wipe off Steve's face.
He received another text moments later:
"...does the soldier need to get back to Karpov, or--" began the scientist.
.  "It's rare for the gland to really swell up like that.  Though it does happen, especially after... well... for lack of a better term, forced bondings."  He walked over to a sink on the wall and squirted out the fluid into it.
"Nuh," he groaned, pulling the sheets over his head.  "C'mon, another five minutes... interview?  What? ..
The idea of Bucky as an old man was terrifying.  Almost as terrifying as the idea of Bucky being HYDRA's prisoner, of them experimenting on him, trying to use him to... to get into Steve's brain, to exploit his bond.
Pepper hummed. "Well, technically not."
Captain America's virginity to Howard Stark's goddamn son.
"You came!"
Peggy was smiling at him. He couldn't help but smile back.  This room was unchanged and the precious memories it held onto, safe.
Tony remained draped over Steve, body quivering with effort, hackles stiffly at attention.
She lit the cigarette for him and Tony took a deep drag.
"You're looking for someone?" said Judy, cocking her head.  "You didn't mention that. Family?"
Karpov turned his gaze to his soldier, and the Winter Soldier was surprised to see there was no anger there.  Even though he'd displayed emotion, which he wasn't supposed to.  Karpov didn't look angry.  He looked... triumphant.
It was sort of funny, to Tony, that for all of the historical Alpha posturing about Alphas being somehow
on me.  I mean, before Iron Man, I'd have maybe like, three or four bodyguards, but that was because Obadiah made me. And, I mean, yeah, I've always had a PA, but..."  He trailed off and sipped his beer again, thoughtfully.  The longest stretch Tony had ever gone without a couple of aides tailing him was Afghanistan, and even then, he'd at least had Yinsen.  He had honestly never thought of himself as "spoiled" but now that he was talking about it outloud, he sounded pretty dependent on others.
"Steve, why did you draw that? You're bleeding," Pepper said as calmly as she could muster, moving to kneel down.
Steve sighed internally. This was about making a point...the greater good, and all that. Sometimes he needed to calm himself down. This was one of those moments.
"Heard you passed off the company, got a new CEO... big story, huh, Christine... maybe we could set her and Pepper up, I think I just saw her... you know, I just wanted to throw her a bone, she's a sweet kid--"
Steve looked out the window thoughtfully.  Tony had disappeared to another part of the plane to work, leaving Steve alone with his thoughts.
Steve put his leg up on the dashboard and crushed a small metal box strapped to his ankle.  Bucky watched his out of the corner of his eye. "Hiya, Stevie," he said, then added, unnecessarily, "I'm back."  He had about a million questions. He couldn't remember coming home, how he'd gotten here, when the war had ended, when he'd been discharged, only that he was home now.  He didn't know where Karpov was and had been desperately hoping that somehow Steve might be able to tell him or at least point him in the right direction. He wanted to know where the other Alpha was, if Steve had taken care of him, if Bucky needed to go handle it.  But for now he was content to bask in the familiar presence of his best friend and his omega. Steve's smell was rich and warm and familiar, homey as baking bread. He cast a gooey look over at Steve. He had learned lots at the Smithsonian but the exhibit had also raised a lot of questions, like about who the hell Tony Stark was (maybe Howard had changed his name for some bizarre reason?) and why everyone thought he was dead.  Bucky was pretty sure Stark was Steve's war Alpha, and that was okay, Bucky didn't blame Steve, omegas needed an Alpha to take care of him and it was only natural of Steve to need a war Alpha, especially if he thought Bucky was dead. Bucky was hopelessly confused on the timeline, though. Yes, he'd gone off to war, leaving Steve behind. But then Steve had shown up and had led a special force task unit, hadn't he? So how had Steve come back to the states before him?  Hadn't they been together in Europe during the war? Or was that a false memory?  But certainly Steve had been big only in Europe and he was clearly big now, somehow.  So that part was real, the part where Steve was, inexplicably, a foot taller and as bulky with muscle as an Alpha.  Also, had Steve bonded with that other Alpha before or after he'd been in Europe? Unclear. Didn't matter. Bucky was back now, so the other Alpha was out of the picture. They could just pick up where they left off.
"...it's not made of glass you know," added Tony, but didn't try to stop him.  He could tell Steve was enjoying pampering him.
-" Steve's eyes fluttered shut as the head of Tony's cock squeezed inside.
!" Phil snapped, his voice wet. "This isn't a war. This is real life! And you can't play this game. I need to hear you say it. Tell me you won't tell them. I need you to say it.
For those of us who have been following us for a while... welcome back!
The third appointment was far better. The therapist was a woman who was tall and well built. She was a beta, her eyes chocolate-coloured and kind. And her hair fell in thick black curls over her face and her shoulders. She was fun. She made Steve laugh, showed him pictures of her own platoon. She had actually been an army medic but she knew what the rush of the fight was like all the same. Her name was Lucy and he instantly clicked with her. She didn't give a shit about his status and she spoke to him like a fellow soldier, something he'd kind of missed.  He appreciated not being talked down to.  He took her number for a second appointment, and this time, he actually set it up.
“Steve, look, no, you are reliable, I just…” Steve hugged him tighter and buried his head into the crook of Tony’s neck. Tony sigh and hugged back, rubbing gentle circles on the other man’s tensed back. “I was just bothered by something stupid, it’s not your fault, don’t worry about it.”
“Iron Man” the team of super heroes said.
“J.A.R.V.I.S.?” Tony asked as soon as he regained visuals within the faceplate.
The ship looked alien, if that wasn’t stating the obvious. The Wakandan guards, at least the ones who were still alive, were already forming a perimeter around it. Steve arrived beside Thor and Rocket who were standing the closest to the ship. « What’s going on? »
“Really?...” Steve breathed out as he traced Tony’s knuckles with a soothing finger. The genius smiled lightly. Tony grabbed his lover’s hands and started rubbing small circles onto the big palms.
“Enough.” That was all the encouragement Steve needed.
“ Still got a bit of time.” Tony let out a surprised yelp as he was suddenly flipped onto his back and pinned down by Steve’s strong frame.
“I know, I...I’m sorry, Tony, I can’t,” Steve said dejectedly before biting his lower lip. The sorry sight made Tony’s heart pump painfully and the smaller man loosened his stance and closed the distance between himself and the captain.
Here is the second chapter as requested by some of you! First of all, thank you all for the comments and the kudos, wow. I did not expect that; you’re all awesome. A special thanks to
________________________________
« They are gone. » Tony flinched in Steve's arms and hugged him harder while Rocket just stood there. His mouth opened and closed, making little noises, but no words seemed to be coming out of him. « I’m sorry. » Nebula finally said, her head dropping as her lips were pressed into a tight line. Thor kneeled next to Rocket and brought him to his chest, petting his head. « I’m sorry, rabbit. » And then a heavy silence settled and no one dared to move for a little while. It took a second for Steve to register that Tony was still. Too still.
“No. No, Tony, I can’t.” Despite his best efforts, anger spread like wildfire in Tony’s chest and he ripped himself out of the comforting embrace.
Tony felt insane. There was no way, from day one, that Steve was ever going to meet him halfway. He turned his back on Tony once already and it was now painfully clear that it was doomed to happen again. Heartbreak hit him like a lightning bolt and he wanted to run. He had to run. Consumed by a wild panic, Tony quickly wiggled into his shoes without bothering with his socks while grabbing his briefcase and suit. As he bolted for the door, Steve caught his arm. Tony, who was on the verge of hysteria, had enough adrenaline to break away from the super-soldier’s grip. The genius ran down the narrow staircase like a madman, nearly toppling over a couple of times as he struggled to find a steady footing in his frenzied race. When he finally sped away in his car, one thought was playing on repeat in his head.
“We are back online, sir.” Tony breathed a sigh of contentment. The broken pieces of armour had been gathered by the pod’s as Tony started to hover, testing his boot jets for fun. He might be a little armour-dependent. Just a little.
“I guess I could be convinced,” Tony said, a bit breathless but then lowered his gaze. “Look, Steve, I’m sorry…”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okay, you win. Take me to bed, Steve.” Steve gave him a startled look and then broke into a warm laughter a mere second after as the reference settled in.
“What is it?” Steve asked, releasing the hug to scan Tony’s face with his intensely blue gaze. Tony bit his lips.
“You’re overdressed, ” Steve said. Tony rolled his eyes and quickly glanced over his shoulder.
“Please, Tony,
« Dammit. »
“You okay there, soldier?” Tony had to force his expression to be neutral since his faceplate went off to god knows where during the whole gamma shebang.
“Sir, I believe you have fainted. Do you require any assistance?” Tony slowly rose, fighting against the stiffness of his back and the screaming pain in his neck. He was still a bit dizzy, faint and alarmingly aroused. As the information of his dream mixed with his current reality, a wave of nausea rode through his belly, overwhelming the remaining sexual impulsions.
“You sure you don’t want something to drink, Steve?”
Tony arrived first and, by the time the team came in, had showered, changed into fresh clothes and poured himself a drink. As J.A.R.V.I.S. announced the quinjet’s arrival, Tony took his drink and scurried to the elevator with the intension of locking himself in his lab. The attempt was futile as he came face to face with Steve who, for some reason, was also heading for the elevator that lead to the lab.
« Where’s my crew? » Rocket said sharply, snapping the moment. Steve loosened his grip just enough to be able to turn his head. Tony stayed quiet and the alien avoided the raccoon’s gaze. Rocket closed the distance between him and the alien and repeated. « Where. Is. My. Crew. » When he was met with silence again, he yelled. « Nebula, goddammit, where is my crew?! » The said Nebula squeezed her eyes shut before talking, her tone almost too soft to be heard.
« Tony? » When the smaller man didn’t respond, he pulled back a bit, realizing that Tony had gone completely limp in his arms. « Oh god, Tony? Wake up. Tony. » Things shuffled around him and Nebula hurried to his side. « He’s severely wounded and has lost a lot of blood. We have to get him help as soon as possible. » And, for the first time since the arrival of the ship, Steve noticed the blood soaking through Tony’s clothes and cursed. « We need to get him to the medics. » He said as he picked up the genius as gently as he could. « Don’t you dare leave me, Tony. Not you too. »
“Does this make up for it?” Steve asked as he pecked Tony’s cheek, drawing a line of kisses down the slender neck. Tony shuddered, his blood rushing south as Steve licked and nibbled at the sensitive flesh.
Tony thought. Steve, on his side, merely waited, blocking Tony with his imposing frame while assuming a casual stance. After a solid five minutes of silence, Steve sighed.
“...goddammit, GODDAMMIT STEVE!” Tony yelled uncontrollably. The billionaire leaned once again against the window and tried to calm down. As his eyes focused once again on the children, Tony’s heart sank. He whipped his head back toward Steve who, having not moved from his previous spot, was currently facing away from him.
The bubble busted within a couple of minutes and Tony sighed.
“Come on, Shellhead, let’s get out of here, you owe me a date.”
“Nothing, Steve.” The tension in Steve’s jaw sent alarms flaring in his head. Tony was starting to forget why he didn’t want to talk in the first place. They had barely started dating, the beginning having been all but easy and fun. Steve, bless his soul, had just integrated a new century where, apparently, being into guys was not punishable by death. Now, barely a month later, they were somehow dating. Kind of. It started with a drunken kiss his par, and then Tony avoiding Steve like the plague, damaging the team’s performance for a long week before they talked and worked it out. Jan might have helped. A lot. God, did she help. Tony thought the hardship was behind them but now, they were in a dispute and he had no idea how they got here or what they were fighting about. Well, in the pit of his stomach, he knew what was wrong. But, like a stubborn child, he wasn’t going to tell it to Steve.
“We made out.” Steve flushed a pretty shade of pink that made Tony want to taunt him more.
Tony woke up with a start, gasping like a fish out of water, the sudden movement jerking his stab wound. His laboured breathing eventually settled down enough for his vision to come back and he took a look around him. Before he had the chance to fully come back to his senses, a voice startled him.
Currently, though, he would have gladly torn a few heads from their necks, if he thought they were eyeballing Steve.  Steve was
Tony paused, cocking his head.  "Two?  Lay 'em on me."
Aria's smile was contagious and Steve couldn't help but smile back.
"What were you doing at our age?" Sixteen asked and grinned. "Were you in the war?"
He tilted his hips up and then it was angled just right and Steve cried out at the sensations as Tony gave him everything he wanted. He shivered beneath him in want, blue eyes so dark they were almost black, and came without realising it again. Steve moaned quietly when Tony came undone himself and filled him up so wonderfully.
"Donner Arnold Malick."
Tony opened his mouth but didn't get a chance to respond.
Tony smiled at Steve's offer.  "Hey, it's your bike, Steve.  I'm a pretty progressive Alpha, apparently; I don't mind riding bitch."  Tony was half-joking, but he didn't want to admit that he enjoyed wrapping his arms around Steve's broad, strong body.  And, truthfully, motorcycles hadn't held much sway for him since he'd started flying around in the suits.  "Go on," said Tony, giving Steve's ass a slap.  "Let's hustle, soldier."  He eyed Steve, looking at the omega and his relaxed, casual stance in jeans and a button-down shirt.  Steve was so clean-cut, so confident.  Definitely more of a twenty-first century omega.
Thirteen was on speakerphone.  Her voice sounded strangely familiar.  "On site.  Looking outside.  I can confirm two on the balcony, two on the fire escape.  All have weapons.  One has some sort of exosuit, or at least his arm."
"But we're in heat!" said Tony, his speech a little garbled, as he was still trying to wipe off his tongue.  It wasn't working. The taste refused to budge.
"Oh, somewhere in India or something," said Richards with a wave of his hand.  "You know, laying low. But he's still just as brilliant as he's ever been. Still answers e-mails, which is nice."
"But I wanted to let you know, off the record, that they took
"Steve?"  Tony tugged Steve's arm impatiently, leaning in to try to hear what Fury was saying.
"That's her."
He pressed his erection against Steve, already throbbing with anticipation, mouth still filled with Steve's skin.  Steve's body was arching under his, reflexively; Tony's fingers were digging into Steve's ribs.
Banksy and Danielle shared a look.
telling
"Did you say you want a smoke?" Kerry said, offering out a packet of cigarettes. "I'm just about to take one outside."
Tony gritted his teeth a little.  "Yeah. I got it. I'm a shitty Alpha, okay?  We both pretend like dominance doesn't matter, but it does.  You're Steve fuckin' Rogers. You're bigger than me, taller, stronger, faster.  I completely failed at mating you. We went collar shopping and you had a panic attack.  Obviously, I'm a shit Alpha who can't provide the kind of dominance you need to feel satisfied, which is why you went off with Bucky, isn't it?  Who is not only more dominant than me, but also, let's face it, the only Alpha that can really and truly be dominant over you and pin you down and do what you need done.  I say, gee, Steve, I sure do miss women, and you lose it! But then you get needy enough and you go out to find yourself a good Alpha. Fuckin' hypocite."
Fury ignored him and a moment later, Tony was being escorted toward the black SUV and piled in with Natasha, Barton, Phil, and Steve.  He sat wedged in a backseat between Steve and Barton, feeling like Alice falling down the rabbit hole.  All of them were too crowded despite the size of the SUV; Tony's armor was enormous and the car's suspension creaked under its weight.
get protection like I told you to?"
with her."
"You still dreaming about him?" asked Fury bluntly.
"...Captain? Captain Rogers?  ...hello?  We have a stretcher."  One of the medics had clearly been trying and failing to get his attention.
Cocky. Arrogant. Nothing new.
"Mm-hm.  I thought about it a lot.  It's Cousin Steve's middle name and I wanted him-- her-- to have a strong name."
They ended up crowding into the shower, sharing lazy kisses whilst they rid themselves of any evidence of what had happened moments before.
"...sorry.  What was I saying?  Oh right!  My century!  ...I hope you, y'know, like it here.  Even though it's probably weird for you," said Tony, nodding.  He looked back out the window to check on the car.  The couple that had been ogling it earlier was replaced by a waiter on his break.  Tony hoped he didn't touch it.  He looked like he was thinking of touching it.
Aria sipped at more of her wine. "It's nothing catastrophic but it's something that could understandably freak Tony out a little. I would be freaked out by it, for sure.  This whole problem," Aria gestured at the air, "would be solved the minute Tony sees Steve as an equal. He doesn't want Steve to go off with another Alpha, so… there it is. That's all we need. And I don't know how we can make it
Steve swiped.  Another picture, Steve standing there, a smug smile on his face, his ruined collar on his neck, next to another word: LIBERATED.
. He had remembered his mother's name.
"Hey."
Downstairs, Sitwell was trying to discuss notes with Phil, who had pulled a pile of towels out of a linens closet and also found a hamper with a bunch of dirty clothes, and was currently arranging everything into a pile on the floor with intense concentration.  Pepper was sitting on the end of the couch, feet tucked under her, sleepily sipping a hot cup of tea. She had helped Phil move some of the orchids to clear space, but he'd snapped at her when she tried to help with the nest ("That doesn't go there!"
you from going back to him because then we'd be doing exactly what he accuse him doing: not giving you the right to make your own choices. This is in your hands, no one else's. If you do go back with him I will be heart broken and I will have to live with knowing that I failed you. But I won't stop you. Because you're your own person and in the end you can do whatever you goddamn want to."
"Phil, I'm so sorry," said Pepper quietly.
"My names Emily," she announced, sounding rather proud of herself. "Do you have a name?"
Tony's body shuddered with delight when Steve placed a warm, wet kiss on his member and then slowly began sucking on it.  "Oh... yeah..." he murmured, eyes closing and back arching.  "That's it... that's great, Steve.  More tongue... yes...that's amazing.  You're doing great."  He reached down and tangled his hand into Steve's hair, not pushing his head down, just resting his hand there.  He glanced down and shivered again at the picture of Steve between his legs.  "God, I love you... my omega..." he murmured, arching again in ecstasy.
he thought fondly.
Tony smiled down at him and reached out to card his fingers through his hair.  "Yeah. You got it. Breakfast in bed for my favorite omega.  One omelette, coming right up. You just rest, okay?  You earned it."
," he growled, teeth clenched.  He jabbed a finger at Steve.  "
-- of women and never felt anything remotely close to what he felt when Steve had knelt for him.
"Oh...
"Hey, er, this is Agent Rumlow. I just...wanted to apologise." The voice sounded genuine, regretful. Hm. Steve didn't know why it had taken him weeks to call though. Maybe he was nervous. "I had no idea. Not that that's an excuse. But I admire you Cap, a lot. And I just want you to know that I feel real awful about what happened."
"Can you grab me coffee, Dons?" called George.
"I mean, I didn't expect him to be grateful--"
Tony's amusement at the fake leather chairs evaporated the moment the doctors suggested a second trial.
Now that his hangover was under control, Tony was basking in Steve's apartment.  He hadn't been unplugged in forever.  Not having JARVIS around, not having his phone on, not touching a computer... Tony felt like he was on vacation.  Like Steve's house was a perfect place to let loose, relax, have fun.  Tony's idea of fun was sleeping and maybe tearing apart Steve's microwave later.  And of course, getting physical.  Not that he planned on sleeping with Steve.  No.  He stood by his lifelong fear of commitment; he would never let himself sleep with an omega.  But cuddling wasn't off-limits, right?  Friends could cuddle, right?
Steve was quiet for a little while. It was nice to be told you were hot, of course, although Steve had slightly cheated in the looks department (with a massive helping hand from science). But hearing Tony talk about it, hearing him talk about how he was frustrated-- that was sort of a turn on in Steve's books. He'd never thought of himself as being frustrated since he got back but feeling how Tony was turned on by him couldn't help but get Steve excited himself.
.  Tony felt a sharp pang in his heart and winced a little, knowing Steve probably felt it, too.  "Sorry," he muttered. "Still getting used to it."
"We called an ambulance," Happy said awkwardly.
"SHIELD has him," said Tony.  "...they probably noticed he was awake when they were stuffing the Wonder Twins into some black site jail cell a million miles underground."
"No," said Tony, but all four reporters were already scribbling away.
Steve's breathing was ragged; he grabbed Tony's hand and Tony cringed at how hard Steve's grip was.  Absolutely fucking crushing.  But he didn't shake him off; he'd rather have his hand broken than shake off his omega; after a few moments, Steve's grip loosened, anyway.
"Omega..." purred Tony as he rode out of his orgasm.  "Oh... oh, omega... mmmm.. there you go..."
"My heart and my throat feel different," reported Bucky.
"To world peace," said Pierce, holding up his drink.
and raise an eyebrow.
guy?  What the hell was he doing here?
Justin and Jack had disappeared.
Howard smiled at him, the curve of his lips practically wicked.
Steve woke up to Aria telling him Stone was on his way on the thirtieth, and quickly got up to shower, dressing more presentably than he had since his heat.
like desire?
"Hey. Yeah, Tony and Donner are here too. Everything okay?"
"Rogers," he whispered to the breeder, prodding him.  "...I..."  What?  What could he possibly say?  That he didn't even know his own name?  This was possibly normal, though, right?  He remembered hearing somewhere that sometimes soldiers got confused when they'd just come back.  Shell-shock, they called it.
The word came out choked and shaky and the thing that hurt about it most was the way his old mate was looking at him- like a stranger. It
Tony was canceling that.
...unless it
. It's just underneath my skin so you can't see it anymore," he explained, staring down at his hands. Fuck. He really needed to pee but now wasn't the time to be undoing his pants in front of Bucky.
"Hey! Can we get a towel over here?!" called Alexis.  He was one of those people who an amazing ability to project his voice. Steve didn't know how someone so small could be so... loud. Lo and behold about a minute later someone appeared with a tray of towels.
Tony swung.
"What the hell do HYDRA even want from me?" Steve whispered into the quiet of the room and felt Tony's fingers squeeze around his own. He squeezed back. "Don't you think they've already taken enough? Feels that way to me."
Happy pulled a flask out of his jacket and offered it to him.  Pepper pinched her nose again, looking like she was in desperate need of a flask herself.
, or...?
"Oh, Donner," sighed Banksy.  "You... you moron. They wouldn't be.  If anything, he'd just make you have another abortion."
Tony looked down at the slip of paper in his hand.
"Careful.  Pretty sure that's
He used to wheeze and cough through every winter night. Bucky was always worried sick. Every Christmas Steve had to entertain the idea that he might not make it through to the new year.
dinner, after all.  And it doesn't start 'til seven so there's still time.  I just thought..."
"Justin, you cock-sucking son of a syphilitic cunt, I hope your dick falls off and a bird eats it."
that's been
The last time he had been in the suit, he'd been fighting for his life.  It had been a while since he'd simply gotten to fly around.  He loved the feeling of weightlessness, the weird, out-of-body experience.  He was going impossibly fast but because of the helmet, there was no wind in his hair.  He could twist, brake sharply, corkscrew straight up, all of it in any direction.  It was not dissimilar to what he imagined being a ghost would be like.  (Tony didn't believe in ghosts.)
Steve gazed out at the city horizon from his hotel window. It was beautiful. "We both know you're tracing this call. It'll take you what, two minutes?"
"And I'm proud of you."
He'd miss Tony too.
"Coffee. Come on," Steve murmured and squeezed Tony's hand, gently pulling his hands away from the bottle in hope that he would stop drinking. He couldn't just watch this all the time- watching Tony poison him. It would slowly kill him. "It's not your fault, Tony, I promise."
Tony's eyes narrowed and he rounded on Steve.  "...you
But right now, you merely look great."  He smiled at Steve.  Sitting on the counter-top, he had gained a few inches on Steve.  He smiled down at the blond and reached out to touch his cheek, aware that Steve had moved into the space between his legs and was smirking teasingly at him.  He was still flushed from his run.
Steve let Tony tuck his face against the crook of his neck, the position automatic as he ran his fingers through his hair still. They'd done this many times over the past seven months. Sometimes there wasn't a trigger, or at least not one Tony would admit to.
Steve swallowed and glanced back over at Tony. "Are you kicking me out too?" He asked quietly.
"Cancel the tailor," added Tony.  The last thing he needed was someone prodding at his torso.  His chest and neck felt sore, stiff, tender.  The poison is his blood was leaving dark streaks across his skin.  Tony felt it was better to keep that under wraps; a tailor would definitely notice and although Tony liked and trusted his tailor, you couldn't be too careful.  His little problem was, so far, a secret, and Tony wanted to keep it that way.  He was coping through intense denial and that was working out pretty well so far.
Unlike in betas, Alphas' and omegas' statuses superseded their sexuality.  It wasn't considered strange for an Alpha to bond with either sex so long as they were an omega; after all, any omega in heat was desirable.  This was one reason trios existed; Alphas who bonded to the same sex but considered themselves straight often sought out a partner of the opposite sex.  And it wasn't especially weird, at least in the twenty-first century, for two omegas to share a bond; omegas who were close tended to cycle together and, if they were the type that nested, they would often nest together, which was considered extremely intimate.  But two Alphas bonding was a rare event and had long since taken on the same connotations as homosexuality, complete with the same prejudices and slurs.
Tony's body shuddered with repressed rage.  How dare Steve stand up for Bucky!  He wanted to fight the other Alpha, challenge him, prove he was good enough for Steve, strong enough, aggressive, dominant.
Rhodes had been surprised to discover it was quiet when he arrived.  No loud music or giggling women; no dancing, no champagne.
"See?" said Tony.  He turned back to Corrine.  "Thanks, Corrine."
Steve was headed south the PCH, then turned east on the 10, headed toward downtown Los Angeles.  Tony was fiddling with the sound system, skipping all the songs, unable to focus on any of them because he was too busy asking Steve where they were heading, how much farther, how long he'd been planning this project, if it involved weapons, why wasn't he told, who else was involved, was Ty there, how about Banksy, or that Irshad person... Steve just kept deflecting his questions.
Tony smoothed down his shirt.  He wanted to find something to say to Steve, but couldn't think of anything.
He kissed the corner of Steve's mouth, rubbing himself against his inner thigh; Steve's skin was slick with fluid.
