Sherlock gave him a long, lingering look. “That’s not what people normally say,” he said, looking back down at his food. He wasn’t really eating it, just moving it around his plate with his fork.
The third day, he was sitting in a pulled-out chair wearing his beige dressing gown. John made two cups of tea that day. John spent the whole day drinking his one cup of tea, staring at Sherlock. Mrs. Hudson checked in late afternoon and looked at the second untouched cup but didn’t say anything.
Sherlock was always there. At his funeral, John saw him hover over his own coffin, peering at the roses on top. Judging, no doubt. He probably thought roses were overly sentimental. John didn’t care. He was too overwhelmed by sadness. He was slightly startled to see him though, and didn’t stop looking at him through the whole funeral. Mrs. Hudson looked over, but registered it as grievance, that he couldn’t pay attention to what was in front of him.
Sherlock shot out of his chair too. He looked down at John, confused and still concerned.
So he graduated uni with a broken heart and fresh scars and entered medical school with a heavy heart and fresh fantasies. He couldn’t stomach the thought of short blonde women, so his daydreams morphed back in to men. He could ignore the lingering shame he still felt at his attraction towards men.
When he was fifteen, the images of his soulmate changed into taller figures with muscles and hard lines. His soulmate looked a lot like his best friend, Tom—tall, short brown hair, and strong arms.
“John. John Watson. Pleasure to meet you,” he said, sticking out his hand for Sherlock to shake. Sherlock looked down at the hand and smirked.
“Listen—I know we’ve just met and all, but this flat is rather expensive, it being in central London, and it would unburden me if there was someone around to help pay the rent. I’m afraid being the world only consulting detective isn’t something that pays very well. If you’d like-”
John stared at Sherlock for a long time before he puts down his book to meet his eyes. He was startled by the bright color of his eyes. He didn’t remember Sherlock’s eyes being that bright before. John’s face scrunched up into a frown and he thought he was going to start crying. He barely managed to hold back his tears. He’s done crying over Sherlock Holmes.
Then John was shot in the shoulder. He was sent home and diagnosed with PTSD and he didn’t know if that was worse than when he was suicidal or not. He was walking through the park one day, cane in hand, when he bumped into a tall lanky figure. The impact made him drop his cane. The figure dropped the armful of books he was holding.
John felt his eyes prickle up. He’s alive? He saw Sherlock die… He saw his head hit the pavement. The sheer amount of blood coming from the crack in his head…. The devastation he felt at not being able to pick up a pulse. Sherlock shouldn’t have been able to survive that. Yet, here he was. Sat in his usual chair, talking with him like he has just gone for an extended vacation.
Sherlock considers doing so for a moment but in the end, decides to keep his eyes closed and covered, concluding it’s worth at least a try. Even though this one time he will be deprived of seeing the marvellous picture in front of him.
thank God she missed, but she didn’t hesitate for a second, she
It's a gift.
“But please, Sherlock, don’t you think that I am pushing you into something or that I am being impatient or angry at you,“ John pleaded, trying to sound as apologetically for what he was about to ask as possible.
Sherlock sighs. “You owe me
-John on his back, sleeping, his arm wrapped around Sherlock who's lying with his head on John's chest.
, don't look. He's watching us like a hawk.”
“In short, you think your uncle plans to get revenge on your family because your father fired him. Correct?”
If this is just another dream, make sure I never wake up.
Sherlock, are you... jealous?
an interesting experience and yes, despite the messy consequences, even a sexy one, but-“
He passes by, takes a seat in Sherlock's chair. Eyes on John, gives him a thoughtful look.
John does manage to bite his tongue before he says
“You’ve seen him? He's
“John?”
Sherlock, I know what you're thinking, but you shouldn't burden yourself with such thoughts. What happened doesn't... it doesn't diminish you in any way.
Sherlock rises, follows John into the kitchen.
, there will be nothing to distract you from us and maybe we could finally-“
At once, John's eyes immediately fly wide open. He's wide awake. Astonished.
“It-it feels good, you know, saying that out loud. Finally,“ John sighed contentedly. “Bloody hell, Sherlock, I couldn’t be happier right now. I am so proud of both of us, I love you and you, my God, love
“All right, fine,” Sherlock mutters with a resigned sigh, the look that John has just given him enough to persuade him. He gives John a peck, climbs out of the bed and rushes to answer the door but John's little startled gasp thwarts him again before he manages to reach the hallway.
Why does it surprise you?
(whispers)
John smiles.
“Obviously,“ Sherlock hissed through his teeth.
MRS. MERRILOW
The Evil Weasley Twins? No.
“She’s fooled us both, yes. But,“ Sherlock leaned closer, keeping his eyes on John and voice down, “that doesn’t explain why you acted so recklessly, she wanted to shoot me and
“No, that I really can’t.“
It's half past midnight.
Sherlock glanced at him from across the room. “I have to admit… I didn’t expect you’re going to be so open. I guess… I guess that I just need a little time to process it,“ he said at last.
. If anything,
“It’s nothing, just a silly idea,“ Sherlock flaps his hand, but John doesn’t let him to simply sweep the subject under the carpet.
“Mr Holmes, I am-“
“We are too,
were. She is using that baby to manipulate me, which is ironic enough since she thinks I am going to be a… pretty rubbish father,“ John cursed under his breath, already regretting he hadn’t kept his mouth shut.
. Are you not willing to listen to me even if your life’s at stake? What even is the point of going after her? This is not a game anymore.“
SHERLOCK
“Since when do you smoke inside the flat?” John reproached him, gesturing toward the cigarette in Sherlock's hand.
SHERLOCK
“God, what even I am doing here again.“ Sherlock wasn’t aware of saying those words aloud. He was merely aware of glaring at his brother’s tombstone planted in front of a stone angel who was there to guard him. According to Sherlock’s mum at least. Nevertheless, it was quite a melancholic but creepy scene depicted in front of his eyes. Sherlock’s vision became blurry all of a sudden as if he found himself in a nightmare he couldn’t wake up from. He swallowed dryly a couple of times, taking only quick, shallow breaths. As much as he detested the reality, there was nothing he could do but to accept it.
“I don’t understand, do I look like a cold-blooded murderer? I just want to see him.“
you can say or do that would prevent me from doing so. You won’t push me away, never again, Sherlock.“
The only thing I regret is that it didn't happen sooner... If only we didn't waste so many years dancing around each other. Maybe... maybe I should have made it more obvious that I am a...
“First of all, I am not even sure where I am going with this, so bear with me please. What I want to ask you however, is something what has been bothering me since I heard you say it,“ Sherlock uttered, his tongue heavy and dry in his mouth as if it refused to cooperate with him.
“John-“ Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Can’t you
“Calm down, John,“ Sherlock waved his hand. “Just a few minor scrapes, no big deal,“ he shrugged, shedding off his coat and scarf.
John has stopped now, leaving basically no space between himself and Sherlock.
“How's that, hm?” John chuckles, his voice deep and gravelly.
John had already regretted the decision to ask Sherlock about his scars. The man was so distraught and shaken that it was surprise he didn’t burst into the tears yet.
Just as you have made that clear that you’re-“
“Will you
wrong. I just told you, you’re perfect. With your perfectly shaped, beautiful lips and-“
(his voice quivers)
Then, furrows his brow, as if a thought had just crossed his mind. Quickly reaches to press the nurse call button...
Sherlock lowered his head. “I did, I did try to contact you. So many times, I was so close to letting you know. At the grave, too.”
“Oh, so-“ he wetted his dry lips, ignoring the heat building up in his groin and his own hardening cock. “That’s-that’s alright, Sherlock, no need to be ashamed. It’s pretty normal. Morning erection-actually proper term should be nocturnal penile-“
“Then maybe we should stop talking, don’t you think?“ John smirked, angling his face so he could lock their lips again. Sherlock smiled into the kiss, this time reaching up to cup John’s cheeks instead of leaving his hands lie idle. John could only hardly mind that Sherlock appeared to be such an unpractised kisser. Maybe he was a little clumsy, not opening his mouth enough and he definitely didn’t know how to use his tongue properly but he was kissing back with such unbelievable passion and love that John simply had no heart breaking the kiss to teach him how to do it better. Besides, he didn’t even care actually. He was kissing Sherlock; Sherlock who’s just told him he loves him, Sherlock whose lips John yearned to taste since the moment he laid his eyes upon them for the first time.
“What? We're being
Look, whoever you are, leave us-
John’s hand clenched around the gun as his eyes darted over Sherlock. Sherlock, who’s not been glaring back at him, Sherlock who was convinced that John would rather die than make such a decision, it didn’t matter that the odds have changed. Either that or he would naturally choose his wife over his best friend. But how wrong the detective’s been.
“I… I doubt. Well, I am pretty sure she considers me too naive and dumb to count, so-“
the biggest mistake of my life.”
For the first time in forever, John allowed himself a laugh. “Of course I didn't, no. But I guess she
“Beach. Beach sounds nice,” John says, a bit absently, that is. Sherlock, however, seems to be completely unaware of the effect he's having on him. Oblivious, like always.
“I've never wanted a relationship, I deemed it all but a meaningless distraction. And frankly, I've never met anyone that I'd like to be particularly intimate with anyway. But then I met
doesn’t care. In fact he has seldom felt more happier... Make that
You want me to speak? About what happened?
“You see, I just
He pulls back a few inches, to look into John's eyes, but keeps his arms wrapped around him.
Vaguely.
SHERLOCK
sex,” Sherlock admits. He clears his throat and looks away for a second, taking a pause to organise his thoughts, to make sure he doesn't muck it up. Alas, it's not easy.
“We can’t neglect anything.“
“No, I am not mad, Sherlock, I am disappointed,“ John groaned when another jolt of pain struck his body.
JOHN (CONT'D)
“Right, okay.” John averts his eyes, knowing there’s nothing else to be said about the case. Silence has fallen and he can but fiddle with the hem of his blanket, as if to keep himself occupied before inevitably breaking it again. “Are you... coming to bed now?”
'The red headed gang'? I thought we'd agreed on my alternative?
JOHN (CONT'D)
Comfort me, yes. I don't want your empty phrases.
“Well, we all have done mistakes,“ John sighed out loud.
to. Baby or not. Yes, you’re right, that innocent being is in no way responsible for what a vicious person her mother is. But I just
Sherlock blushed. “That’s an awful lot of nice attributes for a one man, John,“ don’t you think?“ he purred, allowing John to suck on his neck again even though he was as red as a tomato in his face.
with your hands and tongue and hips and your perfect
A lot, actually.
Sherlock turns to look at John.
(incoherently)
. Obviously.“
John stares and stares, quickly types the first thing that comes to his mind: It's 3AM.
On Sherlock, in the adjoined dressing room, buttoning up his jacket.
“Morning,” John gives a lopsided smile, fighting against the urge to stare at Sherlock's mouth. Which is anything but easy, considering that Sherlock's incredibly voluptuous lips are
Well, I am a doctor.
On John, a bit concerned.
Seems to be nervous, almost hesitating to enter. He takes a long sip of his coffee, then tosses the empty cup into a bin.
Smiling at Sherlock, John grabs the remote again, turns the volume back on.
“I did not say I am not going.”
You have to be patient. Physically-wise, he's recovering quite fast but... healing such mental wounds will take much longer. I am sure he'll eventually come back to himself, but it might take a while. I take it you understand.
Later that day. Sherlock, leaning against the kitchen counter. Sipping tea. Brooding. Looks sad, something's troubling him.
“You have to be kidding me,” he curses under his breath. “This is what I get for offering help to every random that walks into our flat... Is he looking?”
“It’s just… You said nothing to deny when Angelo assumed we’re on a-you know,“ he makes a desperate gesture with his hand, “a
A police car, heading through the city.
(smiles)
SHERLOCK
Without a word, he begins to walk away, pauses at John's chair, as if to say something, but the last second decides against it.
, no other word could describe the way John's currently feeling. Letting out a low guttural groan, he tilts his head backward to give Sherlock more access but as he does, somewhere back in his mind he suddenly realises...
They smile into another kiss.
And so John does. We still don't see what he's looking at but his reaction speaks for itself - eyes wide, genuine surprise.
(snorts)
John and Sherlock, sound asleep in bed. John's embracing Sherlock from behind.
“No, you’re just an idiot,“ John snorted, rolling his eyes.
“Why the tone of suspicion?“ Mycroft’s brow furrowed.
“Don’t worry,“ he added quickly upon noticing John’s frown, “I am sure the doctors provided you with a proper mouth disinfection.“ This attempt to ease the atmosphere again apparently worked, proof being a warm, familiar chuckle escaping John’s throat.
“You and I, John, have evidently a very different opinion of what
“J-John? What are you doing here?“
LESTRADE
to try this now. The worst that can happen is that we’ll run out of food. Speaking of which... aren’t you supposed to be putting something in my mouth already?“
SHERLOCK
,” Sherlock adds.“So, I suggest you apologise and we'll be merciful enough to let it slide.”
“Yes. I love you too. I love you, John,“ Sherlock repeated, emphasising each word. It wasn’t until he actually heard himself confessing that he realised what he had just decide to do. But it wasn’t regret what he felt, it was relief. Once he made that first crucial step, there was no force on Earth or elsewhere capable of stopping him.
CUT TO:
I had a nightmare.
Sherlock quirks his eyebrow. “Where else could we go?“
“You don’t have to answer if you don’t feel like it.“
On Nurse Ferguson, she scowls in their direction, turns on her heels, an attempt to escape through the back door.
Sherlock’s been waiting. Patiently. Hours have passed since Mary texted him for the last time. From that moment on Sherlock tried to occupy himself in every way possible, but whatever he engaged himself in was in no means a good distraction.
That settled it. After a moment of reconsideration, Sherlock threw the cig roll into the firebox and it was as if the heaviest weight just fell of his shoulders. Without any further cogitation he raised up from his chair, heading for the bathroom so he can wash off the dried blood off his hands.
“You-you lied to John about
“Open your mouth more.“
“Why, would you – would you mind if it was?“
“What? What are you sorry for?“ John scowled, withdrawing his hand.
Speaking of John... Where is he? I found the be- the flat empty when I woke up.
What I mean is that... I like your hair better the way it is. It's more... you.
more than the five excruciating hours of waddling at Harrington's heels. And besides...” Sherlock crosses his arms, “we haven't been exactly cautious enough. I wouldn't be surprised if he's already noticed that we're on to him.”
“You know very well who I am for God’s sake,“ Sherlock ranted. “Will you just let me in…
Sherlock didn’t notice the moment rest of the medics lifted John’s body up on the stretcher or when they put an oxygen mask on his face. He ignored each of the useless attempts to stop him from getting to as close to John as possible and refused to leave him even after a couple of men tried to pull him away. So when they finally manage to head for the exit, it was while Sherlock was running alongside them, squeezing John’s hand so tight his knuckles turned white.
? You know you can’t have both. Not even after murdering me, I am far from being the only one who is aware of all what you’re still hiding. John
MYCROFT
“Then what were you talking about?“ John scowled.
A beat.
On John's face again. Holding on, we hear a creak - the door to Sherlock's room opens.
. You
Sherlock's name but he doesn't slow down for a second, not even to catch his breath. Nibbling Sherlock's bottom lip, he keeps stroking his cock until he drives Sherlock toward his orgasm and makes him cry out and come all over himself.
In the meantime, John has mustered up all the courage in the world. He's risen and is now approaching Sherlock.
please touch me, John-“
“Fucking prick,” John growls to himself and only then he looks back at Sherlock. Right...
“So you’d agree with me if I said that we should get up now, get ourselves clean and then cuddle in bed until the morning?“
the two men enter 221b together, loving each other
for them.
“S-sure, yeah, as you wish, yeah, that’s a great idea, I’ll draw a bath,“ John nodded in agreement, already half-way toward the bathroom.
and you're hesitating?!”
John frowned. “But-“
“Mycroft.”
“I’ve been staring at
John leans closer, reaches to stroke Sherlock's arm.
You can believe me.
“Why should I be-“ Sherlock’s voice halted mid-sentence once his mind clicked, his eyes flew wide open, his trembling hand reaching immediately for the phone in his pocket. Blank, unresponsive screen of his phone made his heart race wild and frantic upon realising what that means. The battery ran dry and he didn’t even notice, it could’ve been hours.
,” Greg growled, and hot prickles lit up all over Sherlock’s skin, knowing that Greg’s hand was inside John’s clothes.
is where I really get my chance to shine.
“You said the other one was too firm.”
A beat passes, and then he lets go of my hand to pluck a tissue from the becozied box on the bedside table. He gets it into catching position. “Okay,” he says, ready now, and I’m struck by how funny and endearing that might be in an ordinary lover. But Sherlock isn’t ordinary, and I have to swallow a lump in my throat. I kiss his neck to hide my reaction, and forge ahead.
want with Lestrade what he had with John. But oh, yes, it was pleasant to have him in his bed. The realization shocked him a little.
Then one day I come out of the shower and find Sherlock surrounded by a drift of aged tissue paper, unpacking a fancy porcelain tea service from a box. The little scones from the day’s grocery delivery are already arranged on a plate with some strawberries and lemon curd in the middle.
Buckingham Palace, what a lark! And Sherlock without his trousers.  He does it to make John laugh; antagonizing Mycroft is just a bonus.  He’s prepared to ignore his brother entirely until he mentions the woman’s name.
He abandons his drink and goes upstairs. It takes him a few minutes of pacing to work out why he found John’s presence so unbearable. Whatever is going on—whatever the explanation for the way this place feels
“You asked me if I recognized either of the apparitions,” she says, as she searches. “I didn’t remember this until you asked, but, actually, there was something familiar about the man I saw. He reminded me of a portrait we used to have hanging in the drawing room. Ah, here we are.”
“Mm, no, I’ll just watch you.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said. “It wasn’t too long before I started sampling the wares. It was a way of coping, I suppose.” He looked away, and John tried to imagine what it had been like for him, without family or friends or a home to go back to.
“Jack, come in,” he says, waving me to a seat. “Please tell me everything that’s going on.”
“And you know that I like things to be…inverted. I like to be given the opposite of what I want.”
We get breakfast at the Cross Keys restaurant, carrying our plates out to sit in the fine morning sunshine. Well, I get breakfast: a vegetarian fry-up, pretty passable, considering. Sherlock has a coffee and a croissant. When he’s finished, he fishes something small out of his trouser pocket: a white pill in a section of blister pack.
“Don’t concern yourself,” he said, shivering. “I have a place just half a mile’s walk from here.”
“Is that what you were expecting?” I ask Sherlock.
“So what do you want to do next?” I ask him, when we’re tucked back up in bed again. “I mean, do you want to stay in your cottage forever? Which would be fine, of course.”
(Also, here's some smut.)
“How much?” he asks.
My sister Harriet (Harry) is coming for just a couple days at Christmas. Says she has something to tell us all, don’t ask me what, unless it’s that her roommate of the last five years is actually her girlfriend, which was already obvious to everyone. Other gossip: my mum is friends with Molly Weasley, the mother of Percy and Fred and George and Ron (and Bill, if you remember him, he was head boy my 4th year, had a bit of a crush on him actually) (they are all Gryffindors, Percy is prefect), and anyway Ron is best friends with Harry Potter. She (Mrs W.) cannot stop talking about him. Apparently the Muggles who raised him were really terrible to him and he had no idea about magic or Hogwarts or ANYTHING. I can’t imagine. She also said that according to Ron, Snape hates Harry with a passion, which is quite weird. I can’t imagine him being passionate about anything except Potions.
“He must like you,” John said.
“And it’s not Richard Brook?”
He rolls his eyes. “Obviously. I’m not going to take it away from you. I’m going to show you how it works. The last thing I want is to play voyeur to you deflowering my younger sibling.”
Some time later, I awoke. Our little nest was quite warm, now, and Holmes was breathing quietly in my ear. I wasn’t sure what had wakened me, but then Holmes shifted slightly, and I realized he wasn’t asleep. Something warm and insistent was prodding the small of my back. My cheeks heated instantly when I realized what it was. Holmes must have sensed my waking, for he pulled his hips back quickly.
wouldn’t know,” said the second girl. “Ask him yourself, if you’re so curious.”
A whiff of scandal.
Mycroft regarded him sourly for a moment, then rolled his eyes.  “Fine,” he said.  “Have it your way. But mind how you go, Sherlock. There are always consequences.”  He cast a parting sneer at John, then turned and left, slamming the door behind him.  With that slam, all of the pictures in the flat fell down off the walls with a crunch of wood and tinkle of glass.
“It was a calculated risk, you ask me,” he says. “The show can’t afford Sherlock to fall in love, it would make him much too unpredictable. As long as he keeps focused on cases, they can control where he goes, what he does. But they had to give him a Watson, or it wouldn’t be Sherlock.”
“Yes,” Sherlock answered.  “Definitely.  Every day.”
“John?” he said, quietly.
Sherlock opens his mouth to say something cutting about relying on local law enforcement not to be complete idiots, but John breaks in.
“Did I?” I may be enjoying this a bit too much.
“Excessive,” Sherlock says.
But no.
“Well, that’s him out of the way,” Richard Brook says, in a voice meant to carry. “Thanks for that, My Lord.” The judge nods his wigged head gravely. Brook steps out of the defendant’s box and paces to the front of the courtroom with measured strides. He holds the assembled crowd’s attention easily.
“I’ll meet you there tonight. Half seven.”
“Not that simple, is it?” Brook answers for me. I look down.
So, please let me know how you are. Tell me what you get for Christmas. What is your favorite Christmas food? I think I like mince pies best.
After John stepped clear, the whole complex pattern on the floor blazed up with a pale light.  Sherlock kept his arms upraised a moment longer, then brought his hands together, not quite touching, in front of his chest.  He inhaled deeply once, then exhaled as he pushed his hands quickly outward.  With that gesture came a wave of--something--that passed over John and outward, making the door creak and rattling the dishes in the kitchen sink.  The circle fell dark once more.
“Are you a John or a Jonathan?”
Sherlock looked away and shrugged, his finger tapping fast on the arm of the chair.
“Both, actually,” John laughed. “Every night. All night. Though not just this, of course.”
No, wait, let me start over.
I find Sherlock sitting at the desk with his laptop closed in front of him.
“We don’t have to do it again,” Sherlock said.
I consider this, consider Sherlock, the pill, the gun.
Joking. We laugh a bit. I just barely stop myself from bumping my shoulder affectionately against his. God, he’s so close. I could take his hand, kiss his knuckles. I fall silent thinking about it. An airplane light crawls silently across the sky, reflected in the water. Quiet beside me, he stands for a while, lost in his own thoughts.
“‘M not finished yet,” he says.
And that’s how I end up telling about my travels in Asia and the Middle East, in the army and before the army. We stay up almost until dawn, just talking.
“This is only the second setting, you know,” John murmurs. “I think it goes up to five.”
John had said in the past that he rather enjoyed these little delays in gratification. The two of them would make it part of their play, with John scraping together enough coherence to scold Sherlock for his inadequacy as an Alpha. Sherlock would apologize profusely and promise to try to do better. It was delicious, and John would very quickly get what he needed.
“And are you planning to do such things, Sherlock?”
I surprise us both by laughing. “That’s all right. You can call me whatever you like.”
“I don’t know,” John said. “But there it is. Still.”
He holds the memory stick out to me.  I pluck it from his fingers, place it in his palm, and curl his hand closed around it with both of mine.  Or that’s what the cameras will see, anyway.  The truth is that I work a very simple bit of sleight-of-hand.  Sherlock, I’m sure, sees it happen, but his eyes give only the slightest flicker toward our joined hands.  The memory stick I give him is not the one he gave me.  I send up a silent prayer that he has decoded the warning in the phone number, that he will be cautious about where and how he opens this particular file.  “Keep it,” I say.  “I’ve got a whole bucket full.”
They went out for dinner, and to a cozy little wine bar afterward. They had, even Sherlock had to admit, a lovely time. They ended up snuggled together in their booth at the wine bar, snogging more-or-less discreetly whenever the waiter turned his back. Being Omega together with John always made Sherlock feel sort of melty and secure and
By the way, if you wish, you can
mad.”
“Sherlock.” I get my hand in his hair—no pressure, just touching. He inhales through his nose and takes me further in, his mouth a jumble of warm-slick and rough-smooth and faintly scraping edges, imperfect but fascinating, and in any case impossible to resolve into any specific complaint or instruction. He moves—hollows his cheeks—and the jumble gives way to something rather wonderful. Sherlock hums warmly at my reaction and settles in for a good long suck, not enough motion to be too dangerous, just hot and deep and welcoming. All my wandering attention draws inward and inward and down to where he’s taken me inside himself, building and blooming until I’m afloat, floating.
It’s been nearly two years since I leapt from the roof of St. Bartholomew’s Hospital in that other London, the one engineered by my brother, ostensibly to keep me safe but in fact to keep me under his control. In that time, Mycroft has been tried and convicted both under the law and in the court of public opinion. He is in prison, now, and his ill-gotten wealth has been returned to me. Of course, the character he devised for himself in our former life together would never have ended up in so common a situation as
“Not so brilliant after all, then?”
Despite considerable distractions, John did well in his O.W.L.s, and by the start of his seventh year he was considering a career in medicine. In addition to his regular N.E.W.T. level classes (Potions, Herbology, Charms, Transfiguration, and Defense Against the Dark Arts), he was enrolled in a special class on healing spells and magical maladies taught by Madam Pomfrey, which included helping out four hours per week in the hospital wing. It was a very full schedule, and John thought, a little sadly, that it was just as well that he was single again. He and Cory had broken up the summer after his fifth year, and in his sixth year he had surprised himself by getting involved with Seraphina Simmons, his fellow Hufflepuff Chaser, but that was never anything serious, and now she had graduated.
“And Alex will be all right, whatever happens,” Billy assures me. “Mycroft’s not the only one with friends in high places.” I consider asking him to elaborate, but think better of it.
“And then his first wife died, as well as twelve of his twenty children before the age of three. Your point?”
“Why does that matter?”
“Soon. A few days. Mycroft knows its coming, of course. He’s going to have Sherlock removed.”
“I—that man.  The cabbie.”
“And...are you the right sort of magician?”  He wondered if he ought to dread the answer.
Lestrade shows up a few minutes later looking suitably confused. Just as he sets eyes on the painting, his mobile rings.
“I’ll live. It was kind of a rush, actually. Like the hall of mirrors at a funfair.”
“Yes,” Sherlock says. “My friend.”
So this is the day when I learn that if you had a lot of money to throw around in 1820, you could get a little tiny toy pistol that would shoot out a clockwork bird that would sing a song and move about and everything. A fully functional matched pair of such pistols, worth a fortune, has apparently been stolen. An antiques specialist at the auction house shows us some photos and a video of one of the guns in action, rhapsodizing all the while about what a miracle of art and technology they are. I find it at least moderately interesting, but Sherlock hits pause on the video before it’s through and asks to see where the pistols were stored.
So John was still. Holding John’s gaze, Sherlock gingerly took his weight off of John’s shoulder and, before John could stop him, drew the knife blade across his palm. John saw a flash of deep red blood before Sherlock clapped his freshly wounded hand against the rent in John’s trousers. Then he found John’s eyes again and, as John felt himself spinning away into that blue-green sea, Sherlock uttered three distinct and separate words. John could not have repeated them, afterward, but they sounded ancient and hard as stones.
“I mean…Sherlock. That’s good. That’s really good.”
“John,” Sherlock said, into his lover’s ear.
“Mycroft,” Sherlock said again, a warning tone coming into his voice.
“Hey,” he says, coming over. “Anything good on there?”
“Oh,” John said, when Sherlock pulled away.
“Sorry,” he muttered, and seemed about to embark on some other piece.
“He’s gone,” I say.  “He went off in a cab.”
“Yeah,” John said, still smiling.
“Sherlock,” I say again. I know what I have to say. My throat closes on it. “You have to go.”
“Definitely.”
“Um, yeah, no, I don’t think so. Maybe you should find another Slytherin to do it. I hear some of them aren’t as stupid as most.”
The sight of Lester Gregson cuts through my whirling thoughts. I know exactly why he’s here. Sherlock thinks its because Lestrade is his “handler”, but I’m pretty sure he’s actually here to handle me.
Things tick along mostly as planned.  The pink phone, the shoes in the basement, Janus Cars, Connie Prince, the fake Vermeer.  Then, at last, Sherlock follows up on the Bruce Partington plans, and
“I’m…sorry?” says the auction house employee.
He barely pauses to catch his breath, and then he’s turning in my arms and kissing me and kissing me and
John Watson’s last class on the last day of his third year at Hogwarts was Herbology. The Hufflepuffs were meant to be wrapping up the Argentine Alstroemeria plants in enchanted parchment for their summer dormancy, but nobody was very focused on the task. Even normally studious John had a head full of summery visions: the long, warm days back home in Devonshire, knocking about the countryside with the other Wizarding kids. And then there was the house cup, for which both Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw were contenders, for once, and nobody could seem to stop talking about it, even when Professor Sprout shushed them.
On New Year’s eve, I get a surprise visit from a pretty woman who, once she quits flirting with me, has the unrufflable air of one of Mycroft’s script consultants. I sigh a bit; I’d been genuinely hoping for a bit of fresh air, a few minutes away from Sherlock’s mood of intense, gloomy distraction. But evidently we’re going to film a scene.
“I’ll take care of you,” Greg promised. His voice was muffled a little—by skin, probably.
“You’re always watching him when you think he isn’t looking.”
“Of what?” John asked.
“Sherlock?”
John said, and then Sherlock couldn’t talk anymore, and couldn’t move, and John was coming hard on his knot, whining with the effort of not shouting, and Sherlock was following him fast, muffling his moans in the fabric of John’s shirt.
Posting these kinda fast because they're short and Chapter 40 is burning a hole in my pocket!
His smile widens. We walk arm in arm for another block, and I can’t help feeling distinctly Victorian. He lets go before we step into the tobacconist’s on the corner. Sherlock puts on a dim-sounding American accent for his chat with the proprietor, and we’re off.
hot, God, Greg. Touch me.”
She holds out her hand to me, and I take it.
“No, I cannot control you with my eyes—not in the way you’re thinking. But the eyes are a part of the magic. I apologize if it made you uncomfortable. It was expedient.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What, the whole of London?”
He has no idea how complicated it already is.
“Trains don’t go near Grimpen, and the roads are wretched,” Henry says. “I can arrange a private helicopter. It’s the quickest way, by far.”
But Sherlock was laughing, hand over his mouth, his shoulders shaking with it. John trailed off, choked with rage, and Sherlock only started laughing harder.
Auditioning for Role: Irene Adler
“Sher—“ John gasped, “Sh’lock, I need—“
I put on a vest and boxers and consider my next move. There’s a chair, but it doesn’t look terribly comfortable.  There’s the floor, but it looks quite hard and Sherlock’s got all the blankets. There’s the bed, with a nice big empty spot next to my soundly sleeping, blanket-wrapped friend. Fine then. I’ll put on a jumper for warmth.
A grunt of breath from Greg, and from John, a heated whisper almost to quiet to hear:
“Oh, I did,” he said. He rocked his hips, building friction, and John groaned. “Even before the train, but especially afterward. Even your trivial letters made me hard. I used to wank myself raw over you.”
“So Mycroft is right, then.”
So Sherlock got more lube, and tried again, and this time John didn’t pull away, but shivered a little and stayed quiet. It
Somewhere, somewhere far down in the bottom of the back of his mind, Sherlock knows that that grin is not quite right, that those words are wrong, that John would never do this. But all the rest of him is shouting
“Hello,” Sherlock said, quietly.
He smiles slowly. “If you like.”
Fifty-seven million hits. Pictures: many (
“Yes.” Smile? Why not. No reason to go easy.
. I like
“Thought you were supposed to be dead,” I say.
“Fuck, yeah, Jesus,” John groaned, and he was dripping sweat all over Sherlocks chest, tilting his hips to somehow let them both fuck him at once. And then Lestrade slipped out and it was just Sherlock, swelling up again to fill him while Lestrade covered John’s back, mouth on John’s shoulder, his eyes closed while John took his third and final load of pungent Alpha spunk, throbbing slow and hot together with Sherlock, his mate, his first and last and only. Sherlock had never been more sure of it. He pulled John close and kissed him, John shivering all over. Sherlock petted his back, his head, his upper arms, until John at last went limp against him. Then he remembered to see to their guest.
Page 2 of the PDF is a title page, which reads:
“That strikes me as a bit excessive.”
“Most people knock,” he says. “But then, you’re not most people, I suppose.”
“The potions,” John said.
“No matter.  This way.”
“Very funny, Sherlock,” Mycroft said. Then, to John, coolly: “Do you mind? I just need to speak with my brother.”
“When I fuck you on it, you’re going to bounce like a bloody basketball,” Sherlock huffed in his ear.
“Sorry,” John said, looking away.  “I didn’t mean to stare.”
“Hey!” someone shouts. “There he is! John Watson!”
John sat for a moment longer, feeling the tension that coiled dangerously between the two magicians, then thought
He grimaces and looks back out over the water.
The man’s face colored. “What do you mean?”
John’s frown deepens. He likes to be needed.
Sherlock
When he gets back to the inn, the sudden flood of warmth and yellow light puts a stop to his whirling thoughts. Instead of going up to his room (his alone, certainly, as John has obviously arranged for a room of his own by now), he finds himself drawn to a pair of chairs by the fireside, slumped side by side like a pair of old men. He sits, and someone comes to take his drink order. A drink appears. Then John appears. He sits in the other chair. They’re talking, and then they’re fighting, and then John leaves. Well then. All right. Good.
“Right,” Sherlock said. “You’re angry.”
I dither over which three signals to jam. I wish I could do something to give Sherlock some real privacy, but there’s just no way. Since that’s a lost cause, I may as well do what I can for myself; I select the two upstairs views, my bedroom and bath. They probably won’t even be missed, as they only get broadcast when Sherlock comes upstairs to wake me up for a case. As for downstairs…I’m not sure. I could choose the big view of Sherlock’s bedroom, but he’s hardly ever in it anyway. Where is he most vulnerable?
And then Lestrade came in with the coffee.
“I still don’t think I can call you Jack.”
Before we go into the courtroom, Sherlock stops in at the loo. I wait around outside, taking in the imposing architecture of the Old Bailey, which is said to be a perfect replica of the real building. It’s funny that I’ve never been here with Sherlock before, but he generally declines to appear in court for cases that he’s solved, preferring to leave these more mundane aspects of criminal justice to the police.
I’ve often suspected Sherlock of being secretly fond of children, but he hangs back, now, and lets the police take the lead in getting the kids packed off. He is outwardly unperturbed, but in a quiet moment I steal a glance and catch him frowning, eyes narrowed in abstracted thought.
Interviewee: Lester Gregson
So Sherlock came the next morning to fetch John. He arrived by broomstick, somewhat to John’s surprise, and they flew together to the castle. Rather than landing at one of the gates, they flew straight to the southwest tower and landed on a flat section of the roof. They dismounted from their broomsticks, and Sherlock opened a small door to reveal a steep ladder descending into a large, dim space. The way they were oriented, it would have made the most sense for John to go down the ladder first. But John hesitated, and Sherlock moved smoothly across the doorway and went down. John took a deep breath and followed him.
“That’d be an awful lot of work for free lodging. Can you imagine me with a bunch of teenagers? They’re like a different species.”
“Travel.” He rolls onto his back, but stays close to me. “Have to stay in England for a while, I suppose, until the business with Mycroft is settled. Then I thought, maybe, a kind of holiday. See the world. That sort of thing.”
“Oh, Jesus,” grunted Lestrade.
Perhaps it was because he could nearly always deduce the contents of a gift before he opened it. Perhaps it was because he dismissed nearly all occasion-based gift-giving as sentimental nonsense. A gift, he felt, ought to arise spontaneously out of a desire to give a particular thing to a particular person. Otherwise, it was a mere obligation, a trifle, a trick. The unadorned package was the clearest way to convey the simplest of all generous sentiments:
He checked into a room at the Three Broomsticks, feeling oddly like an intruder into his own childhood. Better get used to that feeling, he supposed. After his day aloft, the small room with its crackling fireplace and feather bed felt sublimely comfortable. He slept more soundly than usual, waking only once, heart racing, some time in the pre-dawn hours. Oddly, it was the unfamiliarity of the room that led him out of his terrors: the orange glow of the embers, the moon’s crescent bent by the ripples of the ancient window glass. He fell asleep again and woke refreshed, hardly remembering his nightmare. After an excellent breakfast, he made himself smart and set off.
between July 1891 and December 1892
“I don’t know, Sherlock, it’s...”
On the ride across town, I take out the handgun.  It’s—it’s pretty much my old gun, a Sig Sauer P226R, British Army equipment designation L106A1.  This is the gun they give you when you go to Afghanistan.  It feels terribly familiar in my hand.  It was loaded when I got it, and still is.  I’m pretty sure John Watson would not actually carry around a loaded pistol in his everyday life—I wouldn’t—but these are the facts in this moment.  I make sure the safety is on before I tuck it back into the back of my waistband.  I drum damp fingers on the tops of my thighs.  My hands feel extremely steady.
Then she pulls out her phone. This is distinctly odd, because Sherlock still has her phone in his pocket. There are two phones. Why are there two phones?
“Slowly is fine,” he says. But then a knife-like embarrassment comes over him. Keeping his expression stiff, he leaves his tea and takes the laptop into his room.
Eventually the music ends. I lie tensely awake, straining my ears to guess what he’s up to, until he goes out. Ten minutes later an electronic chiming sounds downstairs: a mobile phone ringing, one I don’t recognize. I creep down the stairs to listen for it. It rings out and then starts up again as I walk slowly round the flat, trying to hear where it’s coming from, until I realize it must be the desk drawer. I take out the phone—Irene’s phone. The call is from an undisclosed number, of course. It stops ringing the second I pick it up. I stare at it for a moment, and then a text arrives with an understated buzz.
“Damn, sorry about this,” he said.
“Yes.” Eyes shut, breathless, stuck and blissful.
“Something like that. I mean, not that I needed that, but it would have made sense.”
“Well, later, when I found out about Brook’s plan—Mrs. Hudson’s plan. I assumed we’d never see each other again.”
“Sherlock,” I begin.
“You want to live there.”
“More useful than here? But you’re making people well, John! What’s more useful than that?”
He huffs (
he spoke, and flicked the wand to either side. A narrow beam of blue light shone out of his wand and slithered away into the dark crevice. Now there was nothing to do but wait. The revealing charm John had cast would work if the magic in play were an illusion, but it would not break a Fidelius charm.
John could only stand rooted to the spot.
“God, you feel so good.”
don’t I even get a well done?
Greg frowns, shrugs, always showing those empty palms. “Maybe.”
“You’re angry.”
“You came!” he said. He approached John with two swift steps, and loomed over him.
So, it’s not like we have social callers. Nobody is supposed to know where Sherlock is at all, and even if they did, who would he want to see? I still can’t quite believe I have any right to be here.
“Ugh, they wouldn’t listen to me. In any case, she’s already dead.”
“Yes.” Breathy, quiet.
I have to clear my throat. “I was curious what it would do.”
“Did you recognize either of these figures? Were they familiar to you at all?”
“God,” he says. “God, John, come and kiss me.”
“Are you…all right?” I ask.
and noodles away on it for quite some time, following themes to their various conclusions. John doesn’t emerge. He plays
“As long as that?” Sherlock asked, surprised. “How did you stay sane?”
“Evolution,” Sherlock said, toward the ceiling. “Extra-pair copulation. See it in birds.”
“Stepfather, like you thought?”
“Hullo,” John said. Then blurted, “But you’re only a sixth year!”
“He’s coming over,” John said.
“I was terrified out of my wits.”
“I’m sure I haven’t the faintest idea,” he says. “Some jealous tiff? A professional disagreement?” He leans forward. “Did he leave ears in the kettle again?”
“You couldn’t afford it anyway,” said Sherlock Holmes, his mouth stretching into a lazy smile, and oh, he was a little terrifying.  But it was just as Mike had said: he was too proud to run away.  “No, John, nobody thinks you’re looking for favors.  It’s you who can do me a favor.  I’m looking for someone to share my flat.  You needn’t pay.”  John raised his brows, surprised.  “I only ask that you be available for certain minor tasks from time to time.”
“At least you know it’s happening, now.”
Thank you to
We pull up just a few seconds behind Sherlock’s cab. I see him get out. Bending toward the driver’s window, he makes a sudden movement, a lurch or lunge, as though surprised, then stumbles backward as the driver speeds off. Lestrade waits in the car while I get out. When I catch up to Sherlock, he’s standing on the pavement looking dazed.
“Uh, jeez, what? I don’t—“
“I suppose you’re all wondering why I’ve gathered you here today,” he says, with an ironic half grin. “Well, the fact is, it’s no easy feat getting all of you in the same room, and I thought we could use a moment for all of the key players to get on the same page.”
“I know,” he says.
“John—“ he said.
“Doesn’t want him to have a mind of his own, you mean.”
“I’ve an errand to run,” he says. “I think we’ll solve this case today. You’d better get down to breakfast. I’ll meet you by the church.”
After a moment, he nods, and so I tell him, as best I can. I’ve rambled on for about five minutes when he interrupts.
wants that phone, it’s got more on it than imaginary photographs. I’ve no idea what Hudders will do, she’s a wild card. You’ve got to
“I can see everything,” Sherlock says. “The crowds, the…factions.” His voice sounds thick, shaking a little. I see his free hand move to his face, covering his mouth for a moment, and I hear the sound of it on the phone, a breath sucked in past his fingers. “They’re telling me…Brook, he’s telling me. That none of this is real, that I’m—“
“I wouldn’t have minded it,” John said. Sherlock’s eyes met his, then slid away again. “So,” John went on, “then we arrested you, and then the war started. What happened next?”
And he does, just runs his tongue right up in one long swipe to the frenulum. I can’t keep still; he holds my hips down and does it again. He pauses as though considering, tasting, then moves to the side, licks again, the head of my cock bumping against the side of his nose. My balls feel high and tight, and, God, he licks those, too, licks right into the crease alongside them where I know I’ve been sweating all day, but he doesn’t seem to care. He pauses to push my knees open, not self-conscious in the least, and peers down at me, pinned open and bare in front of him.
“So,” Sherlock says, as the helicopter lifts off from the turf in some farmer’s field. “You’ve got questions.”
. A fleeting thought, which he banishes quickly.
Through his confusion, Sherlock realized that John was trying to get out from under him, but couldn’t because of the knot. So Sherlock took hold and rolled them both over so that he was lying on his back with John on his chest. John tried to squirm upright, but Sherlock yelped in pain. John stilled, but he called for Greg again. Lestrade had left the room when Sherlock took over. Now he pushed the door slightly open and peered cautiously round it.
“Mmm,” said John. There were things he should say—
“Nobody likes me,” Sherlock said, with conviction. “And Snape doesn’t like anyone.”
He’s dressed and gone by the time I manage to shake off my daze and get moving. I wonder what the viewing public made of that one.
John put his things away, then went and bathed and brushed his teeth in the little bathroom that shared a landing with his room.  Though it was still early, he lay down in his bed; he had been short of sleep lately, thanks to unpleasant dreams.  In the darkness now, curious images flitted through his mind, but not of the war: of Sherlock Holmes, his shadowed eyes that seemed to hide themselves even when he looked straight at John; and of his body, lean and white, flushing to red as the holly scratched it.
Beloved friends! An announcement: updates to this fic will need to go on a wee hiatus while I wrangle a little further ahead. I know that's not great news, but trust me, you will be happier if the rest arrives in a smooth flow rather than bits and pieces.
Sherlock smiled, as it seemed to John, in spite of himself. “But how could you possibly?” he said.
“No. He…he disappeared. Like smoke. I was just a few feet away. I saw it happen.”
“Jonathan.” My name, which nobody uses. “People used to call me Jack.”
?  They never beat him.  They get into physical fights with him; I’ve seen him break wrists, kick guys in the crotch, seen him smash a man’s face with his knee.  People get hurt making this show.  How does that work?
The salesman’s fact got even redder, and he turned without another word and stepped out through the mattress store’s glass door, taking out his phone as he went.”
Snape raised his eyebrows. “And why wasn’t this anticipated? Why didn’t you make sure that everyone would be here? It was no secret when the day would be, or what would be required.”
“For a while,” Sherlock says. “Until things get sorted. I’ll have the bed up in the loft. You can sleep on the sofa for now, I suppose.”
“Sherlock.” This is it, then. The end. The dark helicopter swings into view, very close and low. For a moment it looks as though it will land on the roof, but then gunfire pops from somewhere on the ground, and it backs off, hovering. The soldiers on the barricade in front of me snap to alertness. Their commander gestures sharply, and four men cut away from the group, crouched low and running toward the gunfire. The helicopter tries again to approach, but there are more shots. Answering fire rings out from nearer by. A rope ladder descends from the awkwardly hovering helicopter, dangling and swinging madly as it maneuvers.
“Yeah, do it!” someone else calls out, and then everyone is shouting, waving, pushing. Sherlock takes something out of his pocket, looks at it, holds it to his ear. Amid all the noise, it takes me a couple of rings to realize my phone is buzzing. It’s him.
“Hello, boys,” says Martha Hudson, from beneath an extravagantly plumed hat. “Oh, I hope we won’t be sitting in the garden. It’s so dreadfully hot, and the weeds make me sneeze, you know.”
“Seen, yes. Felt? No.” His voice is soft. With a finger, he tilts my chin to the other side, observing closely. “There’s something about you, John. I don’t understand it yet, but I think you’re the key to everything.”
Greg shrugged and shook his head. “Nah. Feels good. Feels like — like coming to dinner. Cozy. I’m glad you joined in, though, Sherlock, it was a bit weird before.”
“Talk,” John said. “More.”
“I mean that it’s beyond foolish to imagine this will work,” he says. “You won’t get any satisfaction this way. You’ll only go to prison, revenged but ultimately unsatisfied. Murder is not an answer, not in the real world.”
“Gathering data,” he replies.
“God, Sherlock, I’m—“ His eyes flick to my face, narrowed with intent, his hand still moving, and then I have to close my eyes because I’m coming and coming, while Sherlock dissects me with his sharp, clear gaze.
“Look at them.” A family down the hall, grieving. “They all care so much. Do you ever wonder if there’s something wrong with us?”
Sherlock regards her sharply. “Now that is interesting,” he says. “I’ll check the servants’ quarters first. John, you go and have a look around the grounds, see if you can spot anything unusual. Especially those boarded up outbuildings we saw on the way in.”
In addition to the solitary bed, the room is crowded with pseudo-victorian furnishings, done up in rather twee ruffles and floral prints. Lace curtains, a vase of irises. Sherlock takes in the room’s furnishings with a glance, drops his laptop bag on a chair, and sweeps back out of the room without a word. If he’s still feeling the effects of his intoxicants, he’s hiding it well. I take a moment to use the toilet and wash my face before following him downstairs.
However dungeon-like the entrance had been, the room was anything but.
“Hey, I’ll give you a lift home,” he says. “I need to talk to Sherlock, anyway.”
I want to kiss him goodnight, but there’s no opening, so I go.
“Oi,” I say. She casts a glance my way and touches the brim of her hat, but keeps walking, melting into the rush of people making their way into the courtroom. What the hell? I consider following her, but then Sherlock emerges, looking as though nothing has happened.
“It was never there,” Sherlock said. “Psychosomatic injury, psychosomatic cure.”
“Watson?” Holmes slurred.
[ Too unlike ASIP? Could get the plot rolling right now…]
“It could have been,” I say. “That’s what I can’t stop thinking about. In a parallel universe—“
The countryside is speeding past outside our tinted windows. Sherlock looks unbearably elegant in a sharply cut black suit. The stylist told him it was fashionable to go without socks, but he refused. I doubt anyone is going to notice or care what’s on his feet, or on the rest of him, for that matter. His leg is jiggling again. Nervous.
“Which one is it?”
“I’ll tell him you’re not home.”
I make a sour expression, which she misinterprets.
John shot out a hand, grasping the wrist that was too close to his head, shoving it roughly away, twisting it.  A cotton bud fell from limp fingers, and his assailant gave a strangled cry--
Three fruitless hours later, Sherlock is ready to shout with frustration. The servants’ quarters have yielded no clues whatsoever. In fact, there’s no sign that anyone has been in these rooms for well over a year, not even to dust. Everything is musty, mothballed, undisturbed.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Your sense of humor is startling in its originality.”
John ordered food; Sherlock didn’t.
“Okay, so. Taking things as they are, currently. Is it really a good idea to just suddenly take him out there?”
I nod.
“I almost wasn’t sure you’d do it,” John says. “That thing is a little…”
“I don’t quite know what all these buttons do,” John is saying, somewhere, and then the vibration just
He looks at me, inscrutable, then past me to where Lestrade is getting out of his police car.
“99 DAYS” was all it said. A quick mental calculation confirmed it. John leaned out of the window to see if Sherlock was out there. He wasn’t, so John got dressed quickly and rushed to the Potions classroom, hoping he wasn’t too late.
“He says ‘holy fucking Christ’.”
“Yes, fine, never better,” he replies, rapid and toneless, absent.
And maybe he’s wrong and this really is what John wants. Intoxicating thought. He wades into that thought, lets it engulf him, sinks down and down and away from all his questions.
I don’t actually want to argue with him, but I do want to pull his attention away from his new nemesis, and toward actual human beings.  Toward me, I admit.
Just then the door opened and the salesman came back in, still looking at his phone. John and Sherlock sprang apart and were lying decorously side by side when he looked up and saw them.
“Could you—could you let me know? I just really miss her.”
“Or worse, lose interest,” Sally says.
“Would you tie me up?”
“How, then?” he asked.
“Afterward, I thought—well, it’s over now. John Watson and I are finished. But I knew you would still be kind to me, and you were, so.” He shrugged again.
With all of these thoughts weighing on his mind, he approached his first day of Potions with determination and not a little curiosity. With so few students having qualified for the seventh year potions class, he knew there would be students from all four houses. He was the only Hufflepuff in the class, but there were also four Slytherins, two Gryffindors, and no fewer than five Ravenclaws. He took a seat next to a dark-haired boy in Ravenclaw robes, and was surprised to realize when the boy turned to regard him that it was none other than Sherlock Holmes.
“Molly, stop wittering and hand me that pipette. No—the other one. There.”
“Well, my friend wouldn’t let me out of her sight if I didn’t get one. Otherwise I’d probably still be locked in a room somewhere.”
“On the contrary, that’s the last thing I want to happen.” He leans forward. “I’m not an idiot, Jack. I know you’ve been in contact with Richard Brook’s operatives. I know you’re sympathetic to his cause. But if you don’t want Sherlock’s heart broken, you have only one option, and that is to play your part. Until the day you die, if necessary.”
“No, he isn’t,” Brook agrees, surprising me. “So,
The morning dawned bright and terribly early. Reluctantly, they separated, washed, and dressed, and John trip-trapped down the tower stairs with Sherlock. They kissed goodbye, and John went to work. The hospital wing was quiet in the morning, and John occupied himself with stocking the supply cupboards. He felt a little less raw today than yesterday—maybe just because the first-day jitters were out of the way, but it felt like more than that. He hummed Sherlock’s tune to himself, and when Patience Pettibone’s first visitor arrived, he smiled, recognizing her from the day before.
“Can be,” I tell him. “But then again…”
In the midst of walking away, John turns to look back at him.
“Girlfriend,” Sherlock repeated, getting to his feet. “Check her garden shed for the pruning saw. Come on, John, time to go.”
“Whatever you say,” said John. He sat down and took out his books and parchments.
“I suppose so!” she huffs, standing up. “I needn’t have included you in all of this, you know.”
Sherlock’s erection flagged somewhat as he carefully observed John’s expressions. He was crying encouragement to Greg, but in between he was gritting his teeth. His eyes were wild. He looked almost — should they stop? Should he—
watch Sherlock, as far as I know, but by far the most widely held opinion, now, is that the whole thing was unethical and it’s good that it’s over.
In answer, Sherlock kissed him. It was the mirror of that first kiss on the train, but they were not mere boys any longer. John’s pulse spiked instantly, and he pulled Sherlock to him with his free hand. Sherlock let go of John’s wrist to cradle his cheek, and John felt suddenly every inch of Sherlock’s height, the strength he had gained, the knowledge that dwelt in his bones.
“Oh, haven’t you guessed?” Sherlock looks genuinely pleased at that, a smile curling the edges of his mouth. “A benefactor. Someone you underestimated. As you did so many people, in the end. Come along, John.” He doesn’t move from where he’s standing, but the tilt of his head tugs at me. “Don’t bother shooting him now. It would throw a terrible wrench in the legal proceedings, and in any case I’d rather have you not in jail.”
“’S okay,” said John, and Sherlock leaned up to make room so that John could take himself in hand. He’d been close already, and it took barely a touch for all of his heat and want and that flayed-open feeling to coalesce again into the sweet sum of their parts. Sherlock moved slowly and deliberately, his cock dragging over the spot that made John leak and tremble, and John was really not going to last either, as it turned out.
does he always misjudge?  Why can he never form a real connection?  It feels like the puzzle of Moriarty is the only real connection he has.
“I know,” he says.
Are you honestly going to test me on this? -MH
“Good,” John finished, feeling suddenly strange. “Oh.” He thought about doing what they’d just done, with someone like that, and shuddered.
“Sherlock—“
“Hey, look, what’s going on?” asked John again. “Why was he so upset?”
“What kind of something?”
, and afterward they dozed together in a sticky tangle, without fear of changing shape.
“Quiet, Molly. Working.”
Sherlock was Alpha now, and so it was with some trepidation that he listened to John’s footsteps trotting down the stairs and the slam of the front door; not angry, just rushed. Didn’t want to miss his train. Eight fifteen now. Forty minutes for the commute, at least eight hours at work, forty minutes more to get home again…
“Tch. With Sherlock watching? Not likely. Now run along home and play your part. I’ve things to see to.”
I flip the pistol in my hand. Sherlock lets out a breath. Mycroft relaxes fractionally, and makes a small movement, perhaps toward some sort of panic button, but he doesn’t get far, as I lunge and smash him hard across the face with the weight of the gun. He goes down with a gasp, but I don’t stay long enough to see the aftermath. Sherlock holds out his hand, I take it, and we run.
I spend the ride home thinking about where in the flat I’d like to shut off cameras—not because I’m going to do anything more with Sherlock, but just because the idea of a little privacy is too tempting to ignore. Sherlock is out when I get home, so I get to work checking the camera angles with Blick. The sitting room is the most heavily covered, which makes sense considering that’s where most interpersonal action is supposed to take place. Lots of angles on the kitchen, as well. The downstairs bath has two views, one head height in the shower and one on the mirror. My little bathroom upstairs has one, just a general shot of the room, angled to avoid the loo. (Thank heaven for small mercies.) My bedroom has one, a full-room view that includes the bed. Sherlock’s bedroom has—jesus,
“Good,” he answers, eyebrows raised.
“Yeah? What do you think?”
He tosses the phone in the air before dropping it into his pocket. I’m staring at him. I need to pull myself together.
fairly gratifying. The work is all right, but I can’t spend my life patching up minor hexes and broken hearts.”
“You knew I was coming?” John asked.
It wasn’t what he had expected, but at least he’d had brains enough to expect that it wouldn’t be. He was assigned to London, and his day to day duties were, for the most part, rather dull: obliviating Muggles, confiscating illegal artifacts, that sort of thing. But just now and then he got a chance to make a real difference, like the time he was part of a raid that broke up a nest of dark wizards in a club in Central London. They’d been about to carry out an attack on a Goblin tenement that would have resulted in the loss of many lives, not to mention an unacceptable increase in inter-species tension in the city and beyond. That was the first time John came face to face with true evil, the kind that he had become an Auror to fight. One of the wizards started to cast the Killing Curse at John, but John disarmed him lightning fast and hit him with a paralysis hex. That night, before going to bed in his small rented room, John looked at himself in the mirror and knew that he had chosen the right path.
.  He’d made the idea of keeping a human familiar sound incredibly shameful--and Sherlock had been so angered by it, had seemed almost desperate to keep Mycroft from revealing his concerns.  Had he been afraid that John would believe it?  Or...had he been afraid that it was true?
The trail takes us through a few twists and turns to a rather gloomy row house on the edge of town. Sherlock knocks, waits, then jimmies the lock with a credit card. He goes quickly through the front room, sparing hardly a glance for the dingy furnishings, making instead for the master bedroom, which is dominated by a four-poster bed and a large wooden wardrobe. It’s 3:15.
Now it’s my turn to get Sherlock interested.  Most of what I do from here is scripted: the shoes in the basement, the old woman on the phone.  But I go a little off the rails when Molly introduces me to Sherlock.  The gay act, the phone number…improvisation.  The phone number I give him is 72 6678 4266.  I wonder how long it will take him to work out the hidden word.  Not long, I expect.
I shrug.  “I suppose I’ve as much privacy as he does.”
of us are soppy over Sherlock. Which, maybe we are, but, Jesus. I don’t want this. I hate this.
He hunches down into himself, muscles hardening. I pull my hand free and stroke his bare arm, hoping to gentle him. I have to bite my tongue against the further flow of words, against all the things I mustn’t say. Not yet.
“And this cigar ash is going to help you how?”
He seems to think this includes me.
Her tone makes it clear that she finds the idea preposterous.  I wonder who’s responsible for setting me up with her, and whether our relationship will last much longer.  But then comes the bit where I get kidnapped and Sarah gets tied to a chair and, yeah, it really wasn’t fated to last.
“So that’s it, then,” he says, letting dismay color his words. “You really are merely psychotic.”
“That’s what we saw,” he says. “And heard. None of it was shown to the public, of course, but a gap in the transmission at this point is, if anything, even more suggestive than the reality. The media’s going bonkers, naturally.”
Sherlock
“So the real world—“ Her voice hitches, and she looks away from me. “The real world may be hard on him.”
Sound of a door clicking shut. Sherlock’s eyes snap open, his heart leaping in his chest. Between him and the door, he can just make out a shadowy figure. He takes a quick mental inventory of the potential improvised weapons in the room. Best option is probably that insipid bronze statuette on top of the dressing table—
“God, please, spare me. Just tell me how this painting got here.”
John sat, but Sherlock didn’t.  He continued to pace, looking everywhere but at John.
He briefly debates whether to follow these instructions.  It would be incorrect to say that he
“Yes.” The truth, Watson.
“I think you did know,” John says. “Or suspected, at least. From very early on.”
The key to this work is balance: reality against fiction, carrot against stick, inside against outside.
So what do I want, then? Out here, in the real world?
“Yeah,” John said, a little defensive, though he was clearly turned on by Sherlock’s display of aggression. “I think he’s pretty fit. What, you going to fly into a jealous rage, or something?”
, before I go on. When at last I’m down between his knees, mirroring his earlier pose, I find the  dark-blushed head of him just barely peering out the top edge of his pants, all captive and leaking. I hook the elastic with a finger and pull it away and down, letting his cock stand proud, purple-swollen and gently curved.
Her smile freezes. “Now why would you say that?”
don’t lose your head over it theres a lot left to do
I’m still trying to hail another cab when Lestrade comes up behind me.
. Sherlock’s hips jerk away. Do people actually —
Aileen laughs.  “Oh come on, John, don’t tell me you weren’t giving as good as you got.  I guess you’re not much of an actor if that was your version of ‘confused straight guy being snogged by a bloke.’”
“I mean, what does my brother want with you?  What are you giving him in payment for living here?”
“So,” said Sherlock.
“You can take this,” Sherlock growled. “Can’t you? You like taking us both at once. You like it.”
“The point,” John said, as calmly as he could, “is that I like you and I’ll miss you and it would make me happy to know that you were thinking of me, too.”
But as it happens,
“Mycroft’s sent his bloody thugs to get my other camera phone from Mrs. Hudson.”
“You okay?” John asks.
He’s read the file six times.  It contains twelve stories about a man named Sherlock Holmes, supposedly written by one Arthur Conan Doyle in the fictional voice of a man named John Watson.  There are also a number of rather laughable illustrations depicting “Sherlock” as a beaky fellow in late Victorian garb.
“Um, sorry? Missing painting?”
“He was drugged,” Brook says. “As were you. And even if he weren’t, that was just a little brush with the real world. What do you think would happen if we brought him out all at once?”
“Who was it, really?” Mycroft asks. “Richard Brook didn’t have nearly the resources to pull off that escape. Who was pulling the strings?”
John rolled his eyes. “Well, look, you don’t have to, but I’ll be in the library at four today if you change your mind.”
“No,” Sherlock said.
She hesitates slightly before replying. “I saw a man, once, about, oh, two weeks ago. I only saw him from the back. Dressed in—I don’t know, plain clothes, but old fashioned looking. He was going up the back stairs, to the old servants’ quarters. I followed him up, but he—he vanished.”
“Sherlock.” My face is hot. I want to laugh and I want to kiss him and I want to get out of the public eye. “Can we have this conversation in my bed instead of at the dinner table?”
“Well then,” Sherlock says.
We’re saved by a high-speed foot chase, and for a while I stop worrying about whether it’s real, just fling myself into the action as hard as I can.  Sherlock runs, climbs, leaps; I run, climb, and leap after him.  Afterward, when we’re standing, breathless and laughing, in the foyer of our house, he—fuck.  He’s called up Angelo to hand me my cane.
“Professor Snape allowed me to test in.”
“Jesus,” John moaned, finally. “Oh, god, don’t move.”
“This is the mattress we should buy,” Sherlock said. “I’m trying to convince you.”
“Good. Then I’ll begin.”
“Hm... I am buying you chocolate anyway,“ Sherlock announces, leaving John alone for just a moment to walk over to the nearest stall.
SHERLOCK
(fuming)
idea what he’s
. You’ve been out there in such a horrid weather for
Sherlock didn’t even realise when he did close his eyes or when exactly did he stop caring about the sounds that were leaving his mouth. All he was aware of was that John’s mouth was doing such things he couldn’t have even imagined before. Within a glimpse of a second he forgot about both Mary and the suspicious messages he had received. The only thing that mattered in the moment was him and John and John’s strong hands keeping him boxed against the surface, his teeth grazing on his skin.
“What’s wrong?“
On Sherlock's face, he lets out a sob, his eyes filling with tears.
“He was speaking in a quite cryptic manner, Sherlock-“
SHERLOCK
VICAR
“Sherlock, trust your brother,“ John demanded. “His people are going to find Mary in a no matter of time, don’t worry.“
“Out,“ Sherlock answered, terse and dry. “You don't have to worry, I
him,“ he pouted, snuggling closer to John even though he was already lying half on top of him.
“Kiss me, John,
Shot from above, waist up - John rolling over Sherlock.
“He asked about me?“ Sherlock stopped abruptly, turning so fast and unexpectedly toward his brother that the other still walking man almost crashed into his body.
As soon as John swipes the keycard to open the door, Sherlock stomps through and with the heaviest possible sigh leans against the opposite wall.
Not having a choice was a problem Sherlock had to encounter quite often lately. But it didn’t matter in this case, he has always been rather inquisitive and Mary was presenting him with an opportunity he would never pass by under usual circumstances. He was more than just a little curious, he
” Sherlock scoffs, “what makes you think I care?”
INTERCUT
me, John.“
DISSOLVE TO:
“I am sorry. It's just... You've got a bit of... you know. If I may...”
He doesn’t move for a while but breathes heavily above Sherlock, eyes shut tight, still holding onto the headboard, still kneeling over Sherlock’s face until this position starts aching so hard so he collapses down on the mattress, having to take a couple of minutes so to calm down.
,“ he smiled wholeheartedly.  “But if I have to be honest, I-“
I’ve ever had a fortune of kissing,“ he sniggered.
“So what-“
“I what?”
“Fuck,
slows me down, John. We’re on a case. I must be one hundred percent fit.”
CUT TO:
’s why are you so angry?“
“Now, that was... an experience.”
. I've never sunk as low as
Mycroft shrugged. “The truth, of course. That I sent you home so you could take a well-deserved rest. But judging from your bloodshot eyes, the clothes you had apparently no time to change and the sounds your body’s producing, you didn’t even take my advice into consideration. God, when is the last time you ate or drank at least?“
Wider: On John and Sherlock... Panning out.
detective. Second of all, I am not even remotely interested in-”
Sherlock blinks at John, tad perplexed. “It’s not my place to say. You… You have nowhere to hurry, John. I didn’t mean to sound like I - God, I should have kept my mouth shut. Let's just forget about it, shall we? It was preposterous of me.“
Sherlock seemed to succeed in shielding his heart so no signs of hurt or grief emerged upon the surface. He was so determined to not expose any kind of weakness that he appeared to be emotionless, a trick that fortunately didn’t work on John anymore. Had it been someone else they would look upon Sherlock with contempt but John knew very well that underneath that sharp, pale mask there was a small, fragile man with a broken heart who needed help even though he so vehemently refused to admit it. No amount of bitter remarks could convince John about the opposite.
“Vegetable paella and a bottle of red wine.”
Yeah, sorry. The case just wasn't-
DR. MASON
“Because… Jesus, she was right, Sherlock,“ John sighed. It was clear that reminding himself of the events of this recent past was nothing he found a joy in. “I wouldn’t be able to do… to kill her. I was… I don’t know what I was thinking. I should’ve at least expected that after everything she’s done, that it’s useless trying to reason with her, fuck, how could have I been so naïve? I’ve heard her so heartlessly talking about this fake baby, about how she wanted to keep me just for her own sake, Sherlock, and I still believed, hoped, whatever, that she was not going to fire a bullet at you.“
Sherlock rolls his eyes, still visibly flustered. “Stupid question, I know. You slept for only about four hours and done none of your morning rituals yet. You must be weary and irritated and yet... the first thing you did was to search for me. Which is why I must presume you want to...
-Mary, gun leveled. Fierce. Cold. Remorseless.
, we can as well call it a day and forget-”
disagree with that, John?“
and people would immediately figure that they’ve never actually held hands before.
Lestrade runs his hand down his face, looks up at the officer.
John's eyebrows fly impossibly high. He blinks at Sherlock, lost for words... Clearly, he misunderstood. “Oh,
?“ John sulked once Mrs Hudson finally left them alone. “How come she knew about Mary?“
Do I?
SHERLOCK
?“ Sherlock sobbed, tossing his arms in the air. “
SHERLOCK (V.O.)
The first thing John notices once reaching the door is the number of their room. “222?
Sherlock's eyes go to the skull painting again. Then back to John. Smiles sadly.
Sherlock gives a fake laugh. “You must be mistaken. We barely ever leave our room. If you know what I mean.”
In an instant, Mary pulls out her gun from under her coat, aims at Sherlock.
Sherlock reaches to stroke John's cheek.
John could swear the elevator's going much slower than usual.
On Sherlock - staring anxiously at him.
“So, uhm...”he rubs the back of his neck.
I know what he did to you. That beast. I want to see him rot in the jail as much as you, but first I must find him. You're the only one who can give us a clue. Ms. Ronder, please.
John's features instantly soften. “Oh...” His heart must be drumming louder than the music, but he doesn't care. He's noticed that Sherlock's breathing faster than usual, his pupils are dilated and his cheeks are coloured dark red.
SHERLOCK
“We need your help,“ John uttered quickly, noticing how Sherlock opened is mouth to deliver another witty line. Besides, it would take him forever to admit that he was in need of his brother’s helping hand again.
On John, trying desperately to stifle a laugh.
“Yes.”
(timid)
kind of talk, Sherlock.”
If John accepted the idea of them being more intimate with each other, then it was up to Sherlock to explore and adapt to these new conditions he had been presented with. Sherlock was certain of his own feelings, up until only very recently however, he was too scared to pour them all at once out of the fear of John’s reaction. But he couldn’t simply ignore what had happened during those past ten days. John was being honest with him, more open than ever before, and even though Sherlock could hardly believe it, he had to admit that maybe John’s reaction wouldn’t be as dismissive if he learnt the entire truth. The truth about how deeply Sherlock was in love with him. Nevertheless, confessing that John meant for Sherlock the entire world was still something entirely different than saying those three significant words out loud. That was a risk Sherlock yet refused to take. He had to be absolutely sure that they both wanted the same thing and just a couple of vague signs certainly weren’t enough to convince him.
“Isn’t it crazy?“ Sherlock uttered once they were sitting on the couch in the evening, finishing their dinner.
for his ingeniousness, John showers him with praises and words of endearment. It’s a pleasure to watch as his cheeks turn even redder and certainly not from the frost alone.
“Hm?“
“As a matter of fact, yes, I do,“ Sherlock retorted. “And I understand that this must’ve been a huge leap for you. I just-I am not sure how to react.“
Oo-ooh, tea's ready!
Anyone could work that out.
“I don’t think we’re fooling anyone,” John mutters, once after they are safely inside and thankfully, all alone.
“I would have let you-anytime, John-“
“I said I don’t know,“ Sherlock shrugged, his voice a tad more fretful he intended it to sound, eyes fixed on his twitching fingers instead of John. “I am not sure if you can imagine us being a-a couple, cause frankly, I myself can still only hardly believe that it could be possible. I just don’t want to keep hiding the truth from you. I’ve realised it too late, after wasting one opportunity after another. John, what I wanted to say on the tarmac-“
John snickered, his hands swiftly sliding up and down Sherlock’s bare chest. “You mean
Sherlock chuckles. “Why did you have to conspiratorially whisper it to my ear, John, if all that you wanted to say was...
I've changed my mind. Tell me about the case, John.
The hospital hallways were rather full and crowded, unlike the night before, and so Sherlock had to cram himself through the multitude of people in order to reach the room John had been put in. Mycroft had been waiting for him in front of the entrance so they can go and visit John together, but as soon as Sherlock learnt in which room he was now resting after being successfully recovered, he was on a run and not even his brother could catch up with him.
“But wait…“ Sherlock’s brows knitted in a thick line. “Before I left you alone at Baker Street yesterday, you seemed to be quite disgruntled, you demanded answers. And now you don’t even want to hear any explanation?“
Sherlock couldn’t even believe the words he’s just said, in fact, he had no idea what even he was begging for since it clearly wasn’t the desire to be fucked. Not yet at least. He’d always managed to surpass the need to be kissed, to be taken and marked by John but this time and especially after years of concealing, he simply had no reason to hold back anymore. Not when being sure that John loved him wholeheartedly and he would have never done anything to hurt him or something Sherlock wouldn’t want. There were certain acts he wasn’t prepared for yet, but now he knew that even though John was ready to move much further, he was willing to wait just because Sherlock asked him.
Confused, John blinks at him, trying to make out his expression in the dark, but before his eyes manage to adjust again, Sherlock hastily turns away from him and curls up under the blanket.
“John-“
Sherlock - he walks in, a little warily, as if he's afraid of being unwelcome.
“And are you?”
“Sentiment, Sherlock,“ Mycroft replied, his voice finally soothing down, even his face has softened. “Maybe you should switch off that brain of yours for a second and look into your
Sherlock practically ran down the stairs, tripping over his own feet as he hurried so fast to leave. He had no aim but to get as far as possible, far from the overwhelming impact of emotions that had clogged his mind. But there seemed to be no use concealing, not anymore, Sherlock realised that as soon as he found himself standing on the pavement. Trying to run away from his feelings would have been as preposterous as trying to escape his own shadow. Sherlock might have been able to delete information he considered no longer important, he might have been prone to forget bits and pieces of no value, but if there was one thing he couldn’t get rid of no matter how hard he tried to reject it, it was what he felt. Sherlock’s carefully crafted armour had already cracked, he had been exposed and all of what he’d wanted to hide and protect along with him. He couldn’t even walk away without glancing up through the window. Sentiment. Maybe.
“Not really.“
SHERLOCK
The water streaming down their bodies was so hot so the entire room has been almost immediately filled with thick, heavy steam, temperature rising so high so it made their hearts race. Sherlock tilted his head, stretching his neck and so letting John suck and lick, letting the water pour down his face, string of euphoric moans fleeing from his throat. Noises almost as passionate as his movements that soon turned so wild and frantic so John was sure that he would come any second if he didn’t grasp his thighs, putting an abrupt end to it.
Only it wasn't Mrs. Hudson. Sherlock could barely believe his eyes, once
You have nothing to apologise for. I told you-
On John, descending the stairs. In a hurry.
John hesitates to reply, caught between a rock and a hard place. Because of
John shook his head again. “I just want you to be honest. Just let me help, talk to me, I don’t want you to go through this alone.“ For a moment he thought that those walls that Sherlock had built so long ago have already tumbled down but Sherlock somehow managed to muster up enough control so he wouldn’t shatter completely.
with you, John.“
Later. The sitting room. Lights are off.
“Sherlock, whatever it is you’ve been through, if you have told me what you were planning to do, I would’ve gone with you, I would’ve protected you-“
do I have a feeling we’re past the feeding part, John?“
You're not answering any.
your fault, Sherlock. You warned me. If I had listened to you and didn't act on my own, none of it would have happened... I didn’t even thank you yet,“ he laments, lowering his gaze. "For saving my life back then."
MYCROFT
“Very well then,“ John smiles, Sherlock’s playful retorts having no negative effect on him. “What about…
Flashing a smile, John resumes walking.
“Stupid. I know. I hear these words about ten times a day, Sherlock.
...Is that... Yes... Or no?
CUT TO:
“Angelo,“ Sherlock gives a nod to greet him.
. I thought I was going to ruin everything. But, whatever the risk, I can’t pretend any longer.“
Don't you worry. I won't let anyone hurt him, I swear.
SHERLOCK
In an instant, John and Sherlock pull back from each other, flushing, panting, clearly embarrassed. They exchange a brief look, then look back at Mrs. Hudson, but she's already on her way out, flailing her hands and laughing joyously.
What he just said rendered Sherlock bewildered but as it seemed, John wasn’t even about to make a big deal out of it. Sherlock wondered if this is how their relationship’s going to look like from then on and if that was the case, then what impact it was going to have on them. He had always been absolutely convinced that John didn’t think of them as anything more than best friends and colleagues. Sherlock even used to think that John stayed around
Hearing your voice.
What... What are you talking about?
“Are you sure you won’t have any?“ he points at the dish in front of him, as if trying to change the subject as casually as possible. “You can’t expect me to eat all this by myself.“
John's voice comes from behind the door-
John scowled, his hand freezing in the air. “Mary’s confederate?“
dinner with you, but aren’t we, first of all, supposed to be keeping an eye on the client's uncle?” John doesn't even try to sound judgemental. He, too, almost forgot why they'd
“Spam,“ he shrugged but Sherlock gave him quite an annoyed look.
Who the hell knows? I wish I did.
On John, in Sherlock's bed, leaning against the headboard. On his laptop, typing away.
Sherlock could feel his stomach sinking low and gurgling on emptiness, but he barely noticed, the most important in that moment was John. “What did you tell him?“
A moment later - the door opens, but he doesn't pay attention to it.
SHERLOCK
“Hey, w-wait-“ Sherlock panted, breaking the kiss which resulted in a disappointed groan leaving John’s throat. “I just realised… Is that-is that my shirt you’re wearing?“
idea but... I just look at you and I… God, Sherlock, please, will you do this for me?“
John stretches out his hand.
BEAUTIFUL WOMAN
“John, John, wait-“
Blushing, Sherlock climbs back to the small bed. Clings to John, places his head on John's chest.
Sherlock offered no response but a hesitant nod, knowing it was probably more than enough to satisfy John.
I tried to chase you off.
“Shhh-“ John gently folded a finger over Sherlock’s lips so to shush him down. “I understand. You don’t have to explain, Sherlock,“ he smiled through the tears. “I know why you were so hesitant to make a move.“
He walks over to John's bed, folds his arms behind his back. His face says it all - he feels guilty, heart breaking at the sight of John in a hospital bed.
Um... Can we not...
“No one?“ John sniffed.
Milk!
“All I am concerned about is
Don't forget about a bow tie for Bonnie.
John doesn't seem to be any wiser, but chuckles anyway.
? What on earth for, John?“
But it’s difficult not to think about what could be or better yet, what
“Sherlock, there’s-there’s really no need to apologise. I was-“
“You're the best thing that has ever happened to me,” John whispers once after he breaks the kiss. “You know that, right?”
Or... Not?
SHERLOCK
“Alright,” John nods, rising up from the chair. “I'll be right back.”
Bonnie is trotting in front of them.
like you one day, John, someone who would truly worry about me this much. Well, there had been my brother but… this is completely different. I am getting none of this. There is no universe in which you'd ever leave your own child and wife, no matter who she is, just because of me. Ridiculous. You can’t do that, John, it makes no sense whatsoever.“
I am not, of course I am not. I told you, Sherlock's doing fine. As soon as he leaves the hospital, everything turns back to normal... No worries.
“It’s okay now. It was just a-a… a moment of doubt,“ John groans, feeling stupid now that he perceives.
Sherlock?
John doesn't let him finish and instead kisses him fiercely, swallowing his moan. It shouldn't be that hot, but hearing Sherlock curse (which he only very rarely does) somehow arouses him even more and makes him pick up the pace. Sherlock joins in an instant, wrapping his arms around John's back more tightly and rocking his pelvis even faster. John can feel himself shiver as Sherlock rakes his nails down his spine and reaches between their legs to take both their cocks in his large hand.
As soon as he climbed the last pair of stairs he could hear that something had moved behind the door, an obscure, muffled noise as if someone just shuffled from one place to another. The idea that John would still be there, however, sounded perhaps too good to be true, considering the possibility that he might had been hurt by Sherlock’s words. Sherlock had already regretted he’d fibbed just so John would leave him alone but it might as well been too late already. Since what he
“I… I have to confess. I wasn’t entirely right, John, it… it
SHERLOCK
long, he couldn't resist for one more second, definitely not when Sherlock's being such a tease.
, that's... that's
Much to John’s surprise, Sherlock addresses the receptionist in what sounds like nearly perfect Spanish, but doesn’t dare to question him in front of her. He should
Nurse Ferguson suddenly pipes up, irritated.
“Didn’t you forget about something?“
Sherlock's silhouette, we see him from behind. A brooding figure in the grey light.
On John. A sharp intake of breath. To his horror, he begins to comprehend. Sherlock isn't simply disoriented, he's delirious.
think I believed that? Not for one second. Why do you think I was so terrified you would do something stupid? Nothing has ever affected you so greatly. I’ve never seen you withering like this. I - I didn’t know what to expect, I was scared you would-“
DR. MASON (CONT'D)
The same endless, surreal corridor from HIS LAST VOW, lined with doors. Except this time, it's darker and clearly just a dream, not actually inside Sherlock's Mind Palace.
“Sherlock, that’s enough, stop,“ he giggled, pushing Sherlock down against the bed, pinning his wrists above his head.
Sherlock snorted, rolling his eyes a little, but still grinning. “What if we rather talked about
Confused, Lestrade drops his hand, frowning after John.
“I can’t complain, had worse in my life,“ John shrugged before passing by Sherlock and leaving the room.
“Because despite all what I’ve done, you loved me before. Deep down you still do.“
Will you find Brutus for me?
Suddenly, we hear footsteps approaching, up the stairs.
A small giggle escapes John’s throat. “Alright, alright. I might consider it.”
SHERLOCK
Wide - inside of the church. Simply, but beautifully decorated in white, purple and blue.
once she realised she hit
“Sherlock… Sherlock, please, look at me.“ His voice was shaking almost as much as his fingers tracing a line down Sherlock’s crimson cheek. Ever so tenderly he gripped Sherlock’s chin, slowly, gently tilting his head.
“Not yet, no. Harrington left the bar about half a minute after we did and took the other elevator. I estimate he will arrive in approximately ten seconds.”
You're my last hope. The police refuses to help.
“I am sorry, I shouldn’t have even asked, I am-“
“Wha-what are you doing?”
There's Sherlock walking along the corridor, groping in the dark. Suddenly, one of the doors on his left fly open, there's a flash of light and-
“Just do it,“ he tossed his arms in the air, his voice raising, “shoot me, leave me here bleeding out and then go home and cook John a dinner, ask him to stroke your belly, kiss him a good night, tell him you are sorry for leaving and not telling him where you are going whenever you did that.“
Alright. Wait, why tomorrow?
I am not
“No,“ John shook his head resolutely. “Whatever it is it has to wait. You and your health are much more important at the moment. Jesus, you should have gotten rid of those wet clothes in the first place. Come on now, can you get up on your own?“ John stretched out his hand but Sherlock was already up on his feet, pouting.
“S-so I… may I?“
Silence. Sherlock, pondering for a moment. His voice drops.
Grabbing John's hand he rises, pulls John up and, giggling, they stride toward Sherlock's room, except then-
He folds the paper, thinks for a second, then looks back at Mycroft.
“If this is your choice, John… then allow me, to have
First, there’s but a tender, tentative brush of lips but as soon as they make contact and actually touch John instantly melts against Sherlock’s body and kisses him hard and lovingly, completely forgetting that this whole thing is supposed to be just a ruse for a case. Because to him, it’s not and never have been anyway. John kisses Sherlock for real, holding on for a couple of long, beautiful, extraordinary moments... only to realise he’s probably overdone it and should have retreated much sooner. But just as he is about to withdraw, Sherlock suddenly parts his lips and begins to
they own. Why on earth does anyone need
, so full of me when I come inside you. Fuck, you take my cock so well, you take me so well, Sherlock-“
“John?“
?” Sherlock does his best at mimicking John, reminding him of how not into speaking Spanish he was the evening before. Not that John
LEONARDO
A beat. John grabs the TV remote, turns down the volume. Then looks back at Sherlock, crosses his arms.
“221 B Baker Street,“ he ordered and then slouched back in his seat, fastening his belt without even glancing at John.
. I can’t let anyone stop me from living my life the way I want to. And the truth is, what I want... is to move on from hiding like a coward,“ John admits, his voice somewhat hoarse with emotion. “I’ve spent far too much time crying and complaining. I can’t spend the rest of my life like that, can I?“
him first and foremost. He could feel that he wasn’t quite brilliant yet (he was far from it), but he was getting a tad better at least and John seemed to enjoy it.
What do I want? I want to... Apologise. I want to apologise for doing such a crappy job at shooting you. I am sorry, I really am. I am sorry you didn't bleed right there at the spot.
“Ah, well,” John gives a small sigh, then walks up to the bed and sits down next to Sherlock. “You can't always get what you want.”
“So… it’s okay?“ Sherlock asked, sheepish smile on his face.
I'd love to see anyone try to stop me.
.“ Sherlock’s voice was desperately vehement. John wasn’t used to Sherlock begging for
SHERLOCK
Sherlock didn’t, of course he didn’t. He had already learnt his lesson. At the moment, however, chasing John away sounded like the best possible decision he could make. Sherlock yearned to allow John in, allow him to help, he craved for John the way he’d never craved for anyone, not even a drug, but admitting it in that very moment would be a ridiculously foolish move, Sherlock thought. He wished he could pour his heart out and recount the entire truth but the truth was horrendous, mortifying, tying Sherlock’s hands. Breaking everything to John, admitting how weak and hopeless he in fact was Sherlock considered a failure he still couldn’t risk to undergo. And yet he didn’t say those words aloud again, he loathed the lie they represented so he stayed quiet in hope that John would eventually decide to leave on his own. All in vain. Because John was persistent, he seemed to be determined to take care of Sherlock, even if it had to be the last thing he’d ever do.
Just five minutes.
“Right. Because two blokes staying in the same room...that’s not going to draw any attention at all,” John snorts.
On John, gawks with his mouth open.
?“ he hissed through gritted teeth. “And unnecessary.“
and there was nothing else John could do but gave it to him. And yet Sherlock hesitated for a moment, reconsidering the choice he’d made. He didn’t actually think of any particular place he'd go to, he'd fled in the heat of a moment, making one hasty decision after another. But once he was sure that John was not about to show again he turned around as he'd initially intended, plodding down the empty drenched street, lost in the vortex of his own thoughts.
, always have and always will, Sherlock. I love you, I love you,
hand covering John’s own when they talked to each other for the first time since the unfortunate incident. That was however, just the tip of the iceberg. They talked for several, long minutes, confessing their true feelings, at least certain fragments of feelings. John didn’t fully realise it at the moment, but it was for the very first time they had been so open with each other and it happened so unexpectedly, John didn’t even struggle as much as he thought he will during the conversation.
I did tell you. In my head anyway.
He loves wholeheartedly, earnestly, unconditionally, dearly. John feels somewhat stupid for ever doubting. His hands come to squish Sherlock’s cheeks before he kisses him, again and again, until overwhelmed, grasping for air and teetering on the verge of tears.
“What if she no longer does?“ Mycroft inquired. “What if she knows that we were digging up the dirt on her?“
Just as the thought crosses his mind, Sherlock breaks the silence that has descended. “The bed's big enough, you won't even notice you’re lying next to me. In case you were wondering. Then again,” he purses his lips, a bit anxiously it seems. “I might as well sleep on the sofa if the idea of sharing a bed with me... bothers you.”
Sherlock takes a moment to reply, trying not to burst into a guffaw that would, no doubt, come off sounding derisive. “That's the most ludicrous request I've ever received. Why don't you go yourself?”
(softly)
Instinctively, he looks around the room, expecting to find John. Much to his confusion... he's alone.
“Erm, yes,“ John clears his throat, quite reluctantly pulling back from staring at Sherlock’s lips. Having not even a glance at the menu, he quickly asks for the first thing that comes to his mind.
instead.“ Without another word uttered, he reached into the pocket of his coat and whipped out what was just a single cigarette. He held off his hand but Sherlock refused the offer.
Right... I am gonna go take a shower. In case you'll need me.
“Oh- I didn’t realise, I am truly sorry, Sherlock, I-“
“How long till they discharge you?“ Sherlock was the one to change the subject even though he was also the one who wasn’t particularly happy about it. He was determined to do even the impossible to get Mary behind jail bars, even though John didn’t approve of it .
John blinked at Sherlock, then gave a mock-serious nod as though in agreement. “Of course, of course, I almost forgot. I am just your dumb, little friend – sorry, cardboard cut-out - that occasionally takes notes. I could never comprehend the secrets of your ingenious mind.”
Hello, Mary.
“Yes. Because you're too goddamn pretty when you're blushing,” John giggles but Sherlock instantly bends down and shushes him with another kiss.
It's been a while since Sherlock was in such a surly mood. John quickly comes to realise that if he doesn't attempt to make that frown disappear he'll be dealing with a very grumpy Sherlock for a very long time.
. I can’t say I wasn’t tempted, but – you’ve changed my mind.“
And he was right. John just shook his head again and shut his eyes for a second as if to stop the tears at all cost. He didn't want to break down in front of Sherlock.
CUT TO:
“Been for a while,“ he replied, his voice raw and tired, sounding entirely different from what Sherlock heard before his awakening. “Unlike you. When did you arrive?“
-Mary's body, lying on the floor next to his feet, unconscious, close to dead, bleeding wound in her chest.
John didn’t even have to ask what Sherlock was up to. Once he changed into his nightwear and sank into the bed he noticed that Sherlock entered the bathroom and about a minute later he could hear the water running. John lied there in the bed, staring blankly up at the ceiling ashamed of himself and those naughty thoughts that’s just invaded his mind. The fact that Sherlock was showering right there in the room behind the wall had aroused him in such a way that he had to start wondering when and even
Oh, no, don't give me puppy eyes. Just a quick stop at Scotland Yard and we're back home. It's gonna be fine.
to accept any kind of help, Sherlock concludes, but knowing how close John's frail self is to shattering he can't allow him to push him away again. Not tonight.
Sherlock and John are seated together on a sofa. In front of them, sitting hunched in an armchair - Ms. Ronder - looking worn out and skinny. The face behind the veil is barely visible, we notice but a few features - glassy green eyes, several large scars and bruises spread across her face.
I’ve never judged them for their marks. I’ve
John’s knees almost betrayed him, shaking beneath him for what felt like eternity, his orgasm overwhelming and lasting for so long so even once he finally regained some control he was still barely able to catch his breath. He was at least present enough to pull back and help Sherlock back on the floor before they both slid down the wall, holding each other in their arms, speechless for only a little while.
John grunted, stiff and sore from lying in the same aching position for such a long time. He’d barely gotten any proper sleep. Half of the night he’d been pacing up and down between Sherlock’s bedroom and sitting room, making sure that everything had been as well as it should be. The other half he’d spent tossing around on the sofa, trying to ignore his constantly beeping phone, shivering under the blankets in nothing but pants and Sherlock’s shirt. Shirt that smelled like a freshly bloomed meadow but John wasn’t complaining. He’d noticed how meticulously Sherlock treated his clothes, using as much unnecessary products as when taking care of his hair, paying extra effort so the fabric was pliant and soft enough. John’s face split into a light smile at the thought of that man who’d tried to persuade everyone how careless he’d been.
Have I... missed something?
John opened his mouth a few times but he couldn’t come up with any words to contradict Mycroft’s. He’d love to stop denying that he and Sherlock were now a couple but in the same he still didn’t feel like coming out in front of everyone at once. He needed much more time to take that step. So in order to not accidentally hurt Sherlock he rather stayed quiet. Mycroft seemed to be well aware of the truth anyway.
and he’d never even considered another option.
“My life depends on
I'd choose you.” And with that, Sherlock chuckles and spatters water in John's direction, trying to goad him.
baby is born,
John lets out a heavy sigh, gently strokes her arm as she pulls away.
“You think I didn’t learn anything?“ John growled, not drifting his gaze away from his wife. “I’ve been following you since you left Baker Street.“
SHERLOCK
, Sherlock should be the one asking questions but somewhat ironically, once John finally leaves the bathroom, it’s Sherlock who has some explaining to do.
MS. RONDER
“Well, there’s no use of us loitering around, is there?” John utters, taking a step over the threshold. As soon as he walks further into the room, he finds himself unreservedly mesmerised. The suite appears to be as opulent as the rest of the hotel but in the best possible sense. From the huge, plush sofa residing in front of what must be the largest TV John has ever seen, to the beautiful sea view behind the window wall... he can easily envision himself spending not a week, but an entire month in such a place. That is, only if Sherlock keeps him company, of course.
the end. You should know, better than anyone, that-“
“Oh, but we don't have to
(murmurs)
“Oh, God, you-“ John shakes his head, laughing before kissing Sherlock yet again, yet again so slowly so they can both savour the contact but Sherlock pulls back after a short moment, tittering quietly against John’s lips.
“Then there is a pack of vegetarian sausages, bread dumplings, blueberry sauce, I replenished the supplies of your beloved tea and cookies, I bought that body soap you used to whine about when I dared to borrow, you know – cherry blossom and wild bamboo, was it? I got it right, didn’t I? If not I can still go and get it, they’ve opened a new shop just round a corner-“
“No, that’s fine.“ Sherlock leaned against the door frame. If John didn’t know any better he’d think that Sherlock was flirting with him once again.
, that naughty smirk.
“Hurt?“
“Well, it had been just a couple of hours, but I sort of live here, Sherlock,“ John chuckled, but then his face turned a tad more serious. “Are you… busy?“
On John. Still hesitating. It takes him a few seconds of struggling to compose himself and reply. Finally, he looks back at Sherlock. Takes a deep breath, as if to brace himself. Clearly, it pains him, talking about this.
. I missed you
“Haven’t slept much,“ Sherlock sighed, lazily rubbing his thumb around the rim of the mug he was holding. “But you should know since you came to check on me
“John, he-he took that bullet instead of me and I don’t even understand
“Precisely,“ Sherlock gasped. They finally breached the subject Sherlock felt the guiltiest for.
JOHN (CONT'D)
(imitates John)
? I wasn’t-I mean-”
“Sherlock, God, I am sorry-“
He flashes an insincere smile.
A beast indeed.
Angry? Why would I be angry at you?
Lidia suddenly raises her voice.
“Well… no. But okay, if
cars for? Rich men are corrupted.”
(confused)
.“ His name was now the only word in the world that mattered for Sherlock, the only word he was capable of uttering. But it was enough. Because it was the word thanks to which Sherlock could express everything he felt, everything he was still too scared of saying in any other way.
Mary, frowns, but she ignores John's remark.
“Why, in my defence, I've been awake for only about ten seconds. A cheesy one-liner is the best I can currently offer.”
Lestrade and Sherlock, sitting at the desk - facing each other.
He won't be able to if he'll spend the rest of his life in prison.
he wants to say. He doesn’t even have enough time in the world to say all the things he’d like to.
about?” he raises an eyebrow.
“Sherlock? Sherlock, please say something-“
Her boyfriend.
(gravely)
Sherlock was about to interfere but John shook his head in order to stop him. This time they had to done it his way and Sherlock had no other choice but to surrender.
“So you’re not going there?“ John sighed in relief.
-not once, but many times in the past. But not until now, have they been allowed to seal their love. And we all are very grateful for being able to witness it.
“Save it, if you are about to lecture me again, don’t even bother, Mycroft,“ Sherlock gasped, squeezing the phone next to his ear.
Oh...
looking at though? There's plenty of candidates.”
“Okay.”
got used to each other as a proper couple at least.
I mean, I assumed we won't be needing two anymore.
VICAR (CONT'D)
told me a single truth would also be capable of cheating on me?“
“If I
already.“ Sherlock made an abrupt end to the call, tossing the phone across the room in an aftermath. He decided to not take any wise advice from his brother, despite knowing that Mycroft is the one he should be listening to in the first place. He was determined to rely on no one and nothing but his own brain, even if his confidence has been shattered, even if it meant he might pay for his actions with his own life.
SHERLOCK
Sherlock hesitates. Lowers his eyes.
Something dark had been awoken inside of John once Sherlock’s raspy voice resonated in his ear. He was about to ask if he could continue but the lust he saw there in Sherlock’s eyes were enough of an answer. So he leaned back in and without making a sound he started sucking on the soft skin, but only tenderly, so tenderly as if his mouth was a petal floating on the water.
Sherlock gulps, looking the pair up and down with mild apprehension in his eyes.
Good. You remember. The Great Game you called it.
Dr. Mason crosses her arms.
“Should I be?“
On the bright side, I might as well try again. This time, however... This time I'll make sure it hurts...
“The most beautiful person I’ve ever laid my eyes upon,“ John nodded, still smiling, his eyes gliding all over Sherlock’s face. “Your eyes, magical, mesmerising, your damn
to her face.”
“Well, she could’ve waited at least five bloody minutes,“ John seethed, his fist clenching.
(to little girl, softly)
“Fine, as you wish,“ John shrugged in capitulation. “If you don’t want to talk about it,then I have no right pushing you. Do you want me to leave you alone?“
that,“ John bit his lips, leaning over to growl into Sherlock’s ear. “Feeling so
John puts the bag on the sofa, eyes back on Sherlock, who's made a few more steps, now standing in the middle of the room. He seems to be scanning the place, remembering, noticing various elements that have (haven't) changed. Takes his time.
for you, John. Just say a word, and I'll do it but please... I beg of you,” Sherlock folded his hands and closed his eyes, “forgive me.
“Did I mention you're beautiful?” John smiles, unable to tear his eyes off Sherlock's gorgeous naked body. He is a masterpiece, the highest form of art. Being allowed to touch him, to kiss him, to make love to him... it's a privilege John couldn't ever dream of having.
,“ Sherlock smiles timidly. “Better, smarter, exceptional, nothing like any other person I’ve ever met. Trust me when I say,
John sighs again, appears to feel a little guilty. Wordlessly, he guides Mrs. Hudson by her arm toward the stairs. She seems a little confused but walks up the stairs with him.
Dr.Mason looks as if she does want to protest but decides against it. Smiling, she shakes her head. What a couple they are.
“Well, why didn’t
That I am... bisexual.
how he wanted the kiss to end like.
John sniffs.
(A sequence of scenes showing Sherlock and John's life as a couple. Bright, light-hearted music. A few months pass during this.)
precisely?“ Sherlock tilts his head, eyes wide as he turns back to face John.
LESTRADE
John could feel that Sherlock’s orgasm was approaching fast. Sherlock was writhing, clenching around John, scratching his back and pleading for more so loudly so John could barely hear the sound of the water that was flowing down their shoulders. Sherlock was so strangely, breathtakingly beautiful like that, with his hair damp and slicked back, few curls sticking to his forehead, his usually pale cheeks tinged crimson and his voice like thunder resonating in the small room.
“That’s different, John.“
“Out of the question,“ Sherlock rumbled, turning over his shoulder. “There’s
SHERLOCK
LESTRADE
(raises his voice)
“Why, yes. It would appear so...You sound disappointed.”
“Do you want to go?“ Sherlock asks softly but he can only hardly pretend to be perfectly calm.
“Have no worries, John. I don’t mind. In fact, I
“Not at all,” John bites his lip. “This is
. Do you have any idea how many times I’ve imagined-“
,“ John proclaims, giving a resolute nod before he heads toward the door, much to Sherlock's shock. He nearly trips over his own feet as he hurries to follow him.
LESTRADE
John instantly turns red. “Oh my God, you-”
And close your eyes.
SHERLOCK
“Likewise,” Sherlock crosses his arms. “You're wasting this lady's precious time, Mr. … err-”
“But the moment you feel like you’ve had enough, you tell me and we return back home, okay?“
Music sometimes helped Sherlock to think more clearly but the piece that he had set to play this time had precisely the opposite effect on his mind. Sherlock very quickly realised that choosing that particular piece was a mistake but he was too immersed in the melody already to turn it off and listen to the raindrops drumming monotonically on the window instead.
VICAR (CONT'D)
“Yeah, I have. I often do. Usually when you’re doing a particularly loud experiment,” John chuckles and reaches to switch off the lamp on the nightstand. The room suddenly goes dark and it takes a few moments until their eyes get use to it.
is your reaction? You’re going to flee just like she’s been doing it for the past few weeks? Tell me, what the bloody hell is going on?“
“Are you okay, Sherlock?“ John’s voice was soft, but quivering with concern, noticing how Sherlock’s entire body shuddered under his touch.
Some things are irreversible, John. Alas, there's nothing we can do about that.
“I have a question. Remember what you said yesterday?”
The next few seconds are blurry, John can only remember himself pounding into Sherlock’s mouth so roughly so the bed creaks and bends beneath them and then Sherlock’s grip on his thighs, pulling him even closer somehow, swallowing each and every single drop of come spilled down his throat. John perceives soon enough to pull back and finish himself over Sherlock’s flushed face and chin and between his swollen grinning lips and even the scarf still wrapped around his eyes.
“Sherlock,“ John exhaled, “I told you
“You have no idea how long I’ve been waiting for you to say that,“ John chuckled, shamelessly naughtily, sending chills down Sherlock’s spine and right to his groin. He had been fantasising about it since the moment they’d arrived but had no chance to tell Sherlock just yet. “As a matter of fact, I do have an idea or two how to effectively spend our last night here in this place.“
Establishing shot of the bank.
your idea of helping?“ Sherlock grizzled, not even glancing at Mycroft.
like one now.“
, John.“
Is that... a bloodhound?
Sherlock tug his eyebrow. “No,
SHERLOCK
“Mhm,” With a smug little smirk, Sherlock wraps his lips around the head, but to John's surprise, he takes it fast and roughly from the start and within several seconds makes John see stars. As much as John would love to keep his eyes on the show, his body betrays him and he crashes down, his back arching and hips rocking frantically to no rhythm. Either Sherlock fooled
“More?“ John pulled back from suckling on his neck once Sherlock pleaded once more. He had received no words as an answer but a feverish nod in agreement.
SHERLOCK
“God, you don’t have to.“ John cradled Sherlock’s face, tenderly pressing his forehead against Sherlock’s.
I presume it's when her behaviour started to change.
. How much it means to me, everything you do and much more.“
.“ John noticed that Sherlock’s pupils dilated so much his eyes suddenly appeared to be dark black like a night instead of bright electric blue. Those same eyes glided up and down John’s sturdy body, slowly, hungrily, savouring the view. John felt like Sherlock was mentally undressing him that way.
It’s like Sherlock expects to be rejected any second now. Once their eyes meet again, John can see that he’s got the faintest blush upon his cheeks.
bleeding internally and I am definitely
“Oh, Sherlock-“
Sherlock, frowns at the phone, then looks at John.
, he would be in fact glad if he could hear John’s laugh for at least once more, even if it was just because Sherlock embarrassed himself.
At once, Sherlock darts forward, attempts to push Mary away, but too late. The bullet was fired...
“I think I should be really going now.“
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
He would probably do just that if it wasn’t for such unpleasant distraction. John’s smile drops so suddenly it frightens Sherlock a little but the moment he turns to see what he’s glaring at, he comprehends why.
John - a little surprised to hear that.
“When I
John, however, is floundering. He can but wonder if Sherlock realises that words, in fact, do have an impact and he can't just say something like
But he didn't. Besides... To be entirely fair, John, nothing bad would have happened to him, were he not so incredibly stubborn. I warned him... He shouldn't have meddled.
Dr. Mason: hesitates only for a moment.
SHERLOCK
John-
, you
When I look at these two men in front of me, I see pure, infinite love. I see two souls, old and eternal as the love itself, whose bond is stronger than any force of the nature, two souls that never have and never will exist without each other. There is no doubt in my mind, these two men, have been brought together by fate-
(chuckles)
What’d happened at the cemetery he shouldn’t have allowed to happen, he was positive of that. Sherlock had rarely given his feelings the permission to rule his head and body, and even if he had he’d always done it for John. This time it was different. There were no permissions. Sherlock had lost control over himself, regaining it back only very slowly. Once the memory he’d tried to repress for years forced itself to be remembered again, his already frail shield shattered like porcelain, breaking into thousands of pieces. Sherlock was desperate to shout the truth into the world, share that agonising pain that had been secretly torturing him for far too long already.
NURSE FERGUSON
SHERLOCK
Sherlock looks genuinely puzzled.
John couldn’t even begin to processing what just happened. Either Sherlock really suggested that John should stay in his bedroom until he’s feeling better or John in fact never woke up after the shooting and everything that had happened since the moment Sherlock entered his hospital room was just a part of one bizarre coma dream. Sherlock acted differently, he was kinder than usual, amiable, doing things he’s been never doing before, saying stuff that was so unlike like him that John even doubted it was still the same anti-social, arrogant man from before.
John racing down the stairs, the phone next to his ear.
John throws a look at the floor but Sherlock pulls him into a kiss instead.
But he
“Where the hell you’ve been for so long?!“
SHERLOCK
“Sherlock!“
“She will simply try to take me away from him,“ he shrugged sadly. “Whether she will attempt to kill me or she will at first torture me physically - well, I am not sure. All I know is that she had already started.“
Sherlock throws a glance at her - a flicker of a disgruntled look on his face.
MARY (CONT'D)
“B-before I leave, however... I know I am just making it worse for both of us, but there is still one more thing I need to tell you Mycroft,“ he pursed his quavering lips, his fingers twitching to touch the stone but he caught himself not being bold enough so he simply let the words to be heard instead.
Maybe because your story sounds fishy. You said the burglar had taken nothing but the diamonds. Sounds like he knew exactly where they'd been. Strange, to say the least. It could be someone you know. You caught him in the act, you must have noticed something.
You said you wanted to talk. You said you'd hurt Sherlock if I didn't come and listen, but-
A love bite, John. You should know, you made it.
can speak Spanish. And it most definitely
“Sherlock, what the bloody hell is
I love you more.
William Sherlock Scott Holmes.
MRS. HUDSON
(whispers)
On John: Curled in his bed, fast asleep.
SHERLOCK
trust you, John. Completely. Your feelings are justified,“ Sherlock said, shortening the gap between them, this time keeping the eye contact even though it was more than difficult, feeling so ashamed of himself.
On John - his face immediately drops. He leans back in his chair. Again, his eyes go to Sherlock's armchair. Sad, vacant.
“It sounded like you were trying to figure out-“
“Well then,“ John cleared his throat, still not over the sudden loss of proximity. “I should rather… go upstairs and unpack or something.“
Why would anyone not do that for you knowing you loved them? Why else I’d let her anywhere near you if I didn’t believe that she was no longer dangerous, that you still loved one another?“
Without a preface, John tosses the dishcloth on the counter, then crosses his arms. “Take the case.”
“I am going to cook you both your favourite lunch meal to celebrate your reunion,“ she added.
John glowers at him like he's just gone mad. “The guy wants you to spend a week in Spain
“I am sorry. I didn’t mean to upset you, John,“ Sherlock hangs his head, anxiously fiddling with his fingers.
Sherlock stared uncertainly at the stone path in front of him, wondering what forces had actually persuaded him into making that unexpected decision. Coming back to that place was the last thing he was supposed to do if he truly wanted to escape the pain and yet there he was, attempting to face it instead. What exactly had changed his mind so suddenly he wasn’t sure of, it didn’t even matter at the moment as he reached to push the rusted gate open.
room too.“
Once fully perceiving, Sherlock realised that John was now standing close and glaring a little worryingly at him. He certainly didn’t want to burden the man with anymore troubles, so rather than admitting that his mind has been toying with him, Sherlock quickly turned the question against him.
As far as I am aware, he's got a special permission.
You always are.
“Shut up, Sherlock,“ John huffed, lazily nudging Sherlock’s chest. “You know what, I am banning this subject for good.“
SHERLOCK
Clenching his left fist, he draws in a deep breath before he turns back to Sherlock. “I... um... I wrote that when I was half asleep. It's just a draft. I don't even plan to publish it.”
“Mhm...”
SHERLOCK
He's given up.
“You-you’re not leaving?“ Sherlock asked, his voice still shaking with emotions.
They enter the flat. Sherlock proceeds to sit in his armchair.
” Sherlock implores and John more than happily obliges. In a few swift motions, he undoes Sherlock's belt and trousers, never breaking the eye contact. Sherlock's mouth falls open in a silent moan as John's fingers tantalisingly slowly slide into his pants, thread through his pubic hair and finally curl around the base of his cock.
“No, of course not,“ Sherlock snorted, putting aside his empty plate. “But it feels rather strange to be honest,“ he remarked. “We’ve spent the entire day together, in a way I could’ve only hoped for before today. And yet, you were right, John, it felt as if nothing’s even changed, it felt odd but so right in the same time.“
“The prospect of coming back to you and seeing you again. Believe me or not, those two years were as much of a torture for me as they were for you.”
Well, I must have done a pretty rubbish job at expressing how much I care about you, since you must ask.
to be the one, so pray tell, did you leave me out of your plan just because you once again thought I am going to ruin it? I guess the answer is already given, but I wonder how honest you’re prepared to be.“
As soon as they walked in they both glanced over each other, quite unable to process their own cyclone of thoughts. They were back together, back at Baker Street where all their, often crazily insane adventures started so many years ago. John’s eyes scanned the room, up and down from left to right, as if he was trying to make sure that everything was still at its right spot. His stomach clenched, now as he stood there, ten days later, it was an entirely different feeling than before, because he was once again a part of that place. He belonged and he could call Baker Street his home again.
“I nearly had them!“ Sherlock hissed, this time aloud, frustratedly tossing his arms in the air. “It was a matter of few minutes, John. We’ve had such a
SHERLOCK
You're never going to lose me, I swear.
“Absolutely,“ John nodded assertively. “Mind if you gave us a couple more minutes?“
Sherlock smirks, leans over the table, kisses John.
“I don't mean to alarm you,“ Sherlock half-whispers as they walk further into the dimly lit corridor, “but we're being followed.”
Sherlock definitely is.
“You...you aren't saying that
CUT TO:
have,“ John exclaimed. “In fact, I was supposed to tell you long ago, but… Jesus, do you have any idea how hard it is to live like this? In this fear that people will learn about your secret?“
you. We can assume that she wants to kill you, whatever it takes. She’s playing with you, fooling around and on top of that, she blames you for all bad that had happened to her. Isn’t this what you’ve said once?“
choice to tell me the truth.
On another hand, if there was anyone who
. And yet, despite initially considering to bolt and never look Sherlock in the eye again, John cannot help but laugh. Laugh at the sheer absurdity of the past few minutes.
“I didn’t mean to go after him in the dead of the night, especially not after such a conversation we’ve had, John. But since he was about to get on the midnight train and escape, there was no other choice.“
“Then what did I just say?”
“Quite intriguing,“ Mycroft remarked, studying thoroughly the words Sherlock presented him with.
“You don’t have to do this. You’re supposed to be resting, John, you’ve got shot remember?“
brother I am,“ Sherlock yelped, running a hand down his face as if he tried to hide, as if he was ashamed of not being able to open up the way he’d strived to.
to admit it aloud.“
John emerges from the bathroom, walks into the kitchen.
, did it work?” he asks quickly, hoping that if he pretends he kissed him just to
JOHN (CONT'D)
“Are you sure he’s going to be here?” John puts his hands to his hips, taking a thoughtful look around the beach.
“Forever,“ John chuckled all of a sudden, easing off the tension at least a bit.
John gaped like a carp as soon as letting the words out, his heart hammering so fiercely against his ribs it must had been audible. There went his attempts to approach the subject carefully, step by step, or better yet, not at all yet, so Sherlock would not be exposed to such an overwhelming emotional impact after everything he had been through in the past few days. Despite being so eager to finally discuss it, John still deemed it quite impertinent to talk with Sherlock about his feelings for him so openly so soon after what had happened to Mycroft. No amount of apologies were enough to make him feel less remorseful for even starting such an intimate conversation.
Wider: John passing behind him, buttoning up his shirt. Noticing what Sherlock's doing he frowns.
SHERLOCK
(teasingly)
So you decided to murder him instead. Fantastic.
“I am not
On the door, as it opens. Sherlock enters the room, John right behind him. Neither of them is wearing a coat anymore.
On the door - Mrs. Hudson enters.
storming through the door.
The tension between them is almost tangible. Trivialising the whole incident is only going to make both of them feel so much more worse.
Sherlock pursed his lips. “Let’s just say I owed someone a little speech. That being said, it didn’t work out quite as well as I had hoped. Something happened there, something I didn’t expect, John. I - “ Sherlock shivered, the space around him had vanished away all of a sudden, no warning signs. He found himself at the cemetery again, recognising the familiar elements - the soggy ground beneath his knees, the taste of salty tears on his tongue, wet, earthly smell filling the air, deafening silence ringing in his ears. Memories of past had formed clear images in front of his eyes, memories he’d tried so desperately to push back. Whether it lasted for a couple of seconds or an hour, Sherlock couldn’t know, it felt like eternity.
John’s rendered speechless. He opens his mouth, but the words seem to be stuck in his throat.
John looks Sherlock up and down. Mild disbelief.
Sherlock froze in the doorway, he expected John would ask questions, but he had nothing convincing enough to say, at least nothing that wouldn’t raise any suspicions.
John's frown deepens. What? Half-bemused, half-disappointed. Sherlock's red as a tomato.
Sherlock looks a bit embarrassed. Puts on a stone cold mask.
“Shh,“ John cooed, gently pecking the dark purple spot on Sherlock’s neck.
“Didn't I tell you already, hm? My choice is you, Sherlock. I am choosing…
Sherlock had to admit that there was indeed something pretty fishy about all of this, but he had no intentions of showcasing a doubt in front of his brother who seemed to be rather determined to stop him from doing anything stupid again.
… thirty,“ Sherlock groaned out of desperation, quickly shuffling and leaning down over John’s mouth again.
MS. RONDER
A loud thud echoes from somewhere behind Mary, as if door closing.
Sherlock on the other hand was having a difficult time speaking. He was pointlessly blinking at John in amazement, occasionally opening his mouth but he wasn’t able to say a word until only much later, still pale and quite in shock.
“Come to the bed, Sherlock,
(sighs)
“Christ, this is not
“You wouldn’t mind going?”
Sherlock blinks, once, thrice, contemplating. He couldn’t care less about food, not when John’s behaving so strangely, drowning Sherlock in his own confusion. And yet, seeing as how John decided to enjoy his meal instead of leading a conversation, he proceeds to do just the same, having to accept he might as well have to wait a tad longer to receive a satisfying explanation.
(to John)
Their eyes flutter open. A split of a second-
As soon as you put the ring on my finger, naturally.
From John's POV, looking up at Sherlock. His eyes - closing slowly.
I'd like to do more... What if I just... retired.
overlooked something, I will
“Erm, would you like some… tea?“ Sherlock asked once perceiving. The sight of John sitting in his chair has reminded him of the peaceful old times and besides feeling like being sent back in time, Sherlock almost completely forgot about the issue he was supposed to be concentrating on in the first place.
“Hey, are you okay?“ John’s voice is soft and concerned but still so incredibly warm, Sherlock’s heart flutters at the sound.
Sherlock absently blew out a string of smoke, his eyes upon the ceiling and his mind racing faster than ever before. He couldn't make it stop, couldn't focus on anything but the thought of John. They hadn't talked for six months now, six excruciatingly long months. John had decided to ignore each and every one of Sherlock's attempts to get in touch and while it didn't stop Sherlock from sending at least half a dozen texts a day, he had certainly lost hope that he'd ever be forgiven. Today, however, was
had sex before yesterday?”
Sherlock barely drew a breath. His mouth fell open, but he had nothing to counter with. He was exposed and for him, in the worst possible way. And Mary was clearly amused by all this.
“The thing, Mycroft, is that… you’re not here anymore and now there’s only me and… these secrets we used to share- “Sherlock let out a shaky sigh, struggling to finish what he’d started.  “I guess that’s why I am here, am I not? It’s so
“Since three minutes ago. I mean, I could go to a SPA but I trust you, as a doctor, will do a better job.”
John sighs at those words, realising there might as well be no use in keeping up a facade, not when Sherlock sees right through him. “I just thought I was doing fine already,“ he runs a hand down his face. “I mean, as soon as we left the flat at least... I felt much less afraid I had thought I would. I thought it was going to be easier.“
happy, John?
“This has to be a joke,“ Sherlock yammered.
, John?“ Sherlock elaborated, his voice fading out as if he was ashamed of saying those words aloud.
Mrs. Hudson walks in with a tea tray.
It's alright. I know that feeling, Sherlock.
Especially once John realises which restaurant Sherlock chose to dine in.
instead of me. But I couldn’t have predicted she’d be
LESTRADE
There's robotic-like screeching coming from the other side then after a few seconds, a distorted, creepy version of a nursery rhyme plays.
CUT TO:
want to say it,“ John objected, stroking Sherlock’s cheek with the back of his hand.
“Well, we could always pretend we’re having sex in the elevator,” John quips but only after saying that out loud he realises what a mistake he’s made. Sherlock tilts his head, blinks at him bemusedly, looking horrified. Or intrigued. John can’t tell.
