He gave a small little sigh because that meant he had to release Tony’s hand, but he could also respect that Tony had to move people through the line, and he’d taken up more than enough time. He stood up and let his fingers rub along Tony’s one more time before he stood and produced his card.
Look, Tony can't work every day! But don't worry, their relationship will still move along on Saturdays...it just may involve less direct contact.
“Sorry, what do you mean?” Steve asked, slightly confused. Tony wasn’t going to ask him about what? Where was this coming from?
. He could tell he was everything he had ever wanted from this gorgeous man. He whimpered as he jerked against him again, their bodies rutting together desperately.
Happy chuckled under his breath as he shook his head. “Yeah, sure. The coffee that I know I can’t make the same because Tony keeps your special blend under lock-and-key. That coffee?”
Steve laughed, probably more than anyone should have at the pun, but honestly he just loved puns. But he usually didn’t laugh this much, even for a good pun. “Right, because the place is called Jumpstart, so it jumpstarts your morning,” he replied, and then blushed furiously. God, he even knew you never explain a pun. Something was clearly wrong with him. God he needed to leave before he made a fool of himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh come on Tony, you know I love those old classic movies, and everyone calls each other darling in those movies. So I’m not changing that one either,” he declared.
Tony laughed as he set the coffee down on the table and gave him a quick peck on his pouting lips. “Don’t worry, I’ve got a great night planned! If you love it, it was one hundred percent my idea. If you don’t…then it was only twelve percent my idea and the rest was Pete,” he grinned.
Oh he absolutely looked forward to him being here, and it had nothing to do with the coffee. He had a huge list of reasons he looked forward to Tony being here, and the coffee was not even on that list anymore. “I already do,” he blurted out before he could stop himself, and he felt his face flush red in embarrassment. He actually saw a softer smile cross Tony’s face. It didn’t make his eyes scrunch up or twinkle, but it brought out a rosiness that looked soft and beautiful. “For the coffee,” he added quickly. “Just for the coffee.”
“Tony, darling, these muscles are not just for show, so we’ll see who kills whom,” he grinned, but even as he promised they weren’t for show he flexed his biceps just because he could.
“Touche. Here’s your muffin and I’ll start making your coffee,” Tony gave in as he handed over the pastry.
Tony was silent for a moment, a long moment actually, and Steve bit his lip slightly in his nerves. He knew this was fast – it had only been two dates and not even a week – but it felt right. But he didn’t feel like the silence was bad. Tony’s face was soft again (he still didn’t quite know what that emotion was – heart-warmed, touched, awed, loved, emotional – but he always took it as a good sign. It was a strong emotion and it made his face look so beautiful, it had to be good.
The entire coffee shop melted away until it was just the two of them and their love shining through that kiss. He didn’t even notice the counter anymore because he was just so focused on Tony. He loved this man so much, and the more he kissed him, the more that love permanently etched itself onto his heart.
. All of this - this love, this life, this happiness, this hope for a perfect future full of love - he owed it to this café. It had seen their love spark and flourish and grow into this all-encompassing feeling. It had watched them grow from awkward flirts to boyfriends to men in love. It had watched them find their other halves and for the first time, become one.
Tony’s eyes sparkled with a teasing glint. “Hey be grateful. He originally said you have to buy a muffin for every kiss, but I talked him out of that one.”
It seemed like Tony finally noticed someone else come into the shop with Steve, and he looked past him towards Bucky. “Oh, hi,” he greeted, and while he sounded friendly, it didn’t carry the same wamth it usually did when he talked with Steve. “Well this is new – you usually come alone.”
Steve blushed as he realized how obvious he probably had to look. “Right, didn’t think about that.”
“See, already better,” Tony grinned as he reached across the counter and grabbed one of Steve’s hands. Steve took it happily. Now that they were officially going on a date, their flirts had become much more obvious, and he was kicking himself for not doing this sooner. It’s like they could flirt at a whole other level now, and he loved it.
Steve just stared at the glass menu, not really knowing what to pick. When he was overseas, he was lucky to get coffee, and even then it was usually black and watered down and terrible. He’d developed a taste for black coffee, but with so many options now he really didn’t want to limit himself. “Uh I don’t--I usually drink black but do you--do you have any recommendations?” God, he was tripping over his words. That was so unlike him. Usually he was so sure-footed and direct and he didn’t have a problem barking out orders even in the heat of battle. And this wasn’t the first time he’d talked to a beautiful man either, so what was wrong with him?
Steve caught the faintest glimmer of something in Tony’s eyes (were they tears?), but he didn’t get a catch of it long enough before Tony pulled him into an emotional and heart-felt kiss that made his heart swell with…well probably the closest emotion he could get to love without actually saying it – that was way too soon. He could tell by the sheer emotion in that kiss that he did the right thing by asking Pete’s permission before asking Tony. He could feel the warmth of Tony’s feelings for him rush into him, and that kiss screamed yes more than any words ever could.
“I’ll be here,” Tony promised, and Steve was happy to note that it sounded glib and casual and not like that promise was intended specifically for him, which was good. Some part of him felt disappointed that it wasn’t a more personal promise, but if it was more general that meant he hadn’t tipped his hand, which was good.
The back booth felt real empty without Pete’s presence, and he actually found himself sad that he couldn’t talk to Pete while he waited for his coffee. Sure it gave him unlimited access to watching Tony’s butt without worrying about making Pete feel weird, but he really liked talking to Pete. He had this awkward charm about him and he sometimes talked before his mind had a chance to decide whether he should say it or not, which was a pretty endearing quality. Mostly though, he was just honest, and he really treasured that honesty, especially in a young person. The fact that he honestly missed Pete was a really good sign, and he liked what that meant for their future as a couple.
Steve pointed at the picture he thought he was referencing, and walked over to it for a closer inspection. It was an old, classic muscle car, and it looked like it had power and speed. “She looks nice.”
He grinned at the dopey look Tony still had on his face. God he just wanted to kiss that, but he couldn’t, not yet. Not until he asked him out. “Yeah, I think I hit another personal best. Sorry if I smell.”
The coffee was good…but it wasn’t the same. The morning wasn’t the same, and it left a hole in his day that craved new memories of Tony’s smile. He’d make it through – he’d made it through worse, but as he ran errands and hung out with his friends the rest of the day there was still this aching feeling of something missing, and he knew it wouldn’t be fixed until tomorrow morning when he could see his barista again.
Steve shivered because there was something incredibly sexy about Tony whispering in his ear, and he too agreed it had been too long since they were able to be intimate. “Tonight?” he suggested as he grabbed Tony’s hand and interlaced his fingers between Tony’s. “We can celebrate that this is my thirtieth day in the café.”
When they finally broke the kiss, they kept their foreheads pressed together as they looked into each other’s eyes. “I want to be your boyfriend,” Tony murmured, and Steve rewarded his answer with a soft peck on his lips. “And Steve…thank you.”
“—Steve, hey,” Tony tries one more time.
He would even spot this sudden change of moods. He still notices it, but suddenly he is occupied by another thought. There’s one more recording that he should watch but it never occurred to him until now. Maybe he even should start to learn his history with it.
“I know,” Tony admits honestly. “But can you do this now? Can you forgo the mantle of Captain America and be only Steve Rogers?”
Steve’s fingertips dig into the cold metal and like on autopilot, he holds his head up. Tasting the salt of his tears that have run down his face, he presses the play button. There is a faint hum of a running system when the helmet comes to life and finally an image materializes in front of him. And suddenly there’s Tony casually sitting on a chair behind the coffee table.
family.
“Everything like
Steve breathes out a heavy breath. He hangs his head with resignation, resting his hands on his hips.
“Then why do you want to uncover my secrets for the whole world to see?”
“What’s the plan here?” he asks to cover it. “Are you my substitute Pepper or what?”
“Sorry, it really is important,” Steve throws.
“Boss, I know that you’ve blocked all calls but there is a big number of incoming connections,” she chimes. “Currently thirty-seven and counting. The majority of them are coming from Colonel Rhodes and Mrs. Potts.”
Steve groans out loud but collects himself quickly to ask, “FRIDAY, can you please show us if there are any mentions of Iron Man in the news feeds in recent hours?”
“Is he, really? Only a friend that is.” Her eyes closely search his face and suddenly she smiles brightly and surprised. “When the rumors about the divorce broke, I thought that there might be someone else, but I didn't expect
It really isn’t. Not for him. And probably not for Tony who is somewhere in the crowd. Yet Tony can play the part of a Stark Industries co-owner to perfection, using his dazzling smiles like valuable currency.
“Hey,” Steve mutters, instantly moving closer to her. “I’m here.”
Tony doesn’t know how long they stay like this. It might be minutes or hours. He doesn’t care. He can be here for days and months if Steve needs it. Because Tony has in his arms a man that he loves. And he doesn’t know how it happened. Or when. Or even why. But he knows he’s one lucky bastard to have so many chances at having it all.
And to his surprise, Steve does smile, but there is something else behind that gesture. His eyes change. Tony can swear that for a moment he sees there a shadow of hurt or pain. Steve’s suddenly restless. He moves more to the armchair’s edge and rests his hands on the footrest in front of him, closing them into fists.
Tony laughs, surprised as he leans closer to Christine to whisper confidentially, “Time travel.”
“If you don’t remember me and you still think Pepper is your assistant, what is the last thing you recall?”
Tony looks back at him with his smile still reflecting in his eyes. “I had the worst crush on you back when I was a teen.”
Tony taps Steve’s arms with agreement but his warm hands lingers when he says, “Strong plan. It’s great strategic thinking.”
And so, Tony does. He stretches up and leaves his first kiss on Steve’s forehead. The man can’t hold back a little gasp of surprise as Tony’s warm lips move, leaving small pecks on Steve’s temples and cheeks. Soft kisses land on Steve’s nose. His jaw. His ears. And everywhere else Tony can reach.
And Steve is only able to smile around him, working him slowly into oblivion as Tony rides waves of his bliss. He shakes palpably. Steve feels the vibration on his tongue as he sucks on sensitive and softening skin, finishing Tony just the way he likes. Just one more deep thrust. One more heavy and shaky breath torn from Tony’s throat as his hips slowly roll one last time.
“Come on,” he says softly, not trusting his voice. “This can’t be worse than anything we’ve been through before.”
“What?” Steve winces. “Why haven’t you—”
“It’s that simple, huh?” Tony huffs after a bit.
Still, he also knows that this is the least of their problems. If this is really Tony, he’ll get his groove back fast. Besides, in this world, resurrections are easy to explain. After all, some believe that they have been happening around the world for at least two thousand years, some of them even recently. This they can do. The press, the stakeholders, the investors and all sorts of people who really didn’t know Tony but depended on his creations are going to bite at this news like hungry sharks. But there are other people involved. Closer ones. Some of them are from the same blood and bone. Of course, Steve worries about this more than anything else. Because this? This creates all sorts of different and horribly difficult implications for Pepper. It also creates a world of unexpected pain and turmoil for Morgan who just said her goodbyes to her father.
“Good, great.” Tony shoves his hands into his jeans pockets and walks closer. “So, all my wishes are your command then?”
“Yes, yes, we arrived in large numbers.” Thor’s big hand settles on Tony’s shoulder to guide him inside. “We even grabbed the Spiderbaby on our way.”
“Yeah, well, what’s new,” Tony tries for seriousness, but he breaks into a full smile as he adds, “I’m also so irresistible that even you can’t stay away from me.”
“No, you did enough,” Tony says. “You
“Wow,” Pepper exhales, suddenly sounding cool and collected like she would wake up from some kind of dream when she deadpans, “If this fact offends you that much, just know it hasn't exactly been a walk in the park for me either.”
He has no idea how to behave around a kid. He doesn’t
For so long he’s tried to fight this. He’s tried to make it right. And now he learns that there was never right or wrong. It's just that. A life. One where he can’t make all the decisions. One where sometimes he just must let himself be carried away. And this scares him because for all these years he’s always had a plan. And the plan was that if everything fails, he’s willing to sacrifice himself. And now Tony shows him that he has other choices.
Tony looks at him swiftly, afraid. “What? No!”
“To reunions that last,” Steve adds and holds his in the air over the counter.
That’s why he only holds his hands up and retracks from the kitchen. Turning, he still catches the soft curse that escapes Tony’s lips. The man takes off the receptors from his temples and throws them on a countertop. The suits switch off with a gentle whizz just when Steve leaves the room.
, and who the hell are you? Pepper?” He glances at her, looking confused when he asks, “Is that your boyfriend? Did you hide a blond hottie in the basement of your house? Why didn’t I know about this? I should— Nevermind, not now, that’s far less important. Well, not less, but still… Now, I want to know what is going on here. Where are you?”
For the past couple of weeks, they have been holding press conferences, meeting with all sorts of government representatives and authorities. If they don’t participate in all these, they practice. It’s another thing that Tony insisted on, saying that he needs to get familiar with all aspects of his former life. And so, they fall back into their old patterns and roles. Even if Tony doesn’t know these routes, for Steve they seem comfortably recognizable. And this adds on another layer of anxiousness. He’s more and more afraid that soon he won't be able to tell apart
“We have to stop meeting like this,” Tony huffs out, resting his head on the headboard to look at Steve from under his half-closed eyelids.
“FRIDAY, get us sake and sashimi!” he calls on his way out of the office.
Especially when talking over Deutsch's problem with Nebula and explaining to her how the guy just basically modified a fundamental principle of quantum mechanics on Earth, he looks at the other side of the sofa to catch Steve’s eyes. Steve is just there, smiling and talking with others but he also pauses for a second when he feels Tony’s gaze. Well, his eyes smile and sparkle because Tony can’t see his lips. They’re hidden behind his index finger as Steve strokes his growing beard. His hair is growing long too but he looks good. Steve would look good in anything and anyhow, but this new image makes him pass as less polished, rough even, contrasting with the way he speaks, calm and easy, and the way he looks at Tony, warm and soft. And there goes Tony’s train of thoughts.
Besides, he’d spent far too long worrying about how to do this right. He spent eighteen days trying to play the cards right and trying to make sure this happened, when he really just needed to trust their connection. And right now, that connection needed to see Tony sprawled naked on a bed. And as much as he wanted to be noble and do the right thing…he knew he wasn’t going to stop. He knew it as soon as he kissed Tony that he wasn’t going to stop.
“Much more convenient,” he breathed out. He felt his heart inflate so much he thought he would float away; he was just so happy. Somehow he managed to get Tony’s cell number. That had gone better than he ever hoped it would, than he ever planned it would. He had no idea what he was going to do with it, but he had it, and that was all that mattered to him right now. He watched him scribble it on the back of a business card and slide it across the counter. Steve shot his hand out to grab it quick so their fingers could touch again. He wasn’t disappointed as that same electricity tingled where they touched, shooting a pulse through his entire body that woke him up more than any coffee or run ever could. He slowly pulled the card towards him, letting his fingers run along Tony’s. Right before they separated, he felt Tony slide his hands forward just a bit to prolong that touch before he finally let them go.
It didn’t feel like a Monday. It felt weird to go about his routine like normal when so much good had happened over the weekend. It felt weird to think that he had to go to work and do things that normal people did, when he felt anything other than normal. Because this weekend…it was the best weekend he could remember. Saturday was the magical day he spent with Tony, and nothing in his life could compare to how he felt during that date. The way Tony made him feel just by being around him…he felt happy and sexy and safe and comfortable and joyous and…maybe even loved. He couldn’t narrow it down to one feeling because it was so much more complicated and wonderful than that. And Tony did that for him, in a way that nothing else could. And even though he didn’t get to spend all day Sunday with him, after he left the shop he spent the rest of the night thinking about him and talking about him and texting him and positively glowing about him. And now he had a chance to see him again.
“Oh? Free huh? Whoever said you get it for free?” Tony asked.
He walked around the counter with his muffin and gave Pete a wink on his way over. Pete winked back, his face filled with delight, and Steve again had to wonder who was actually happiest about the date out of the three of them. He took up his usual position and focused his eyes very intently on Tony’s hips swaying as he worked the espresso machine. “Moment of truth? I watch your hips every time you make coffee,” Steve admitted. Just because he had to move out of the line didn’t mean he had to make the flirting stop.
“Good, because I wasn’t changing it,” Tony chuckled as he returned the peck.
Ooh Steve's thinking about the L-word...but of course that's not what it is right?
“That’s good. I’m gonna need some clients to keep feeding this expensive habit you’ve locked me into,” Steve teased back as he bit into his muffin.
He had definitely seen that nametag, but he nodded his head in greeting nonetheless. “It’s nice to meet you.”
Bucky agreed to meet him outside the café after his run, but of course he was late, which left Steve fretting outside. He could tell that Tony had seen him and he kept giving him curious glances through the window, probably wondering why he wasn’t coming inside. Finally Bucky arrived, looking nice as ever in a button-up shirt and tie. It was always their joke that he was the gay one, but Bucky had much better fashion sense. “I said 6:55,” Steve admonished as soon as he saw him.
Steve’s face paled and he bit his lip. “So there is a problem? I knew it. Something felt off today.”
He looked over at Bucky, a look of concern on his face. Bucky tilted his chin slightly, subtly nudging him to keep going. So he took a breath and tried to strike up conversation. Maybe if he flirted with him, he’d flirt back? Maybe something would go back to normal? How was Bucky supposed to tell if he was into him if there was this strange distance between them? He tried his hardest to engage Tony, and while he would engage in witty banter and conversation, it wasn’t the same as it usually was. It was superficial and pedestrian and sounded like the same conversations he’d have with his other regulars. It lacked the electricity and the excitement and the secret glances they usually shared.
Tony buried his face into Steve’s shirt, and Steve let him have whatever time he needed to pull himself together, because that was some heavy stuff he just dropped on him. In the army, they taught you to cut through the bullshit and find the truth, and this was the truth for Tony. Even though losing the company was one of the best things that had ever happened to him, it happened because of a betrayal, and that was hard to accept no matter how many years ago it happened. He continued to press kisses into Tony’s hair as he rocked him gently, letting him know he was there for him as he processed. He lost track of how long it was, but he didn’t care. He would call out sick from work if he had to. Tony needed him more, and he was content to stay right here as long as Tony needed it.
Steve gave him a little smile. “I would have told you if I could.”
Steve leaned in with a smirk. “Nope. I’m a military-grade lockbox; you’re not getting a thing out of me.”
Tony returned that smirk and it almost made Steve go weak in the knees. “It is cute isn’t it?” he bragged. “Tell you what, I’m going to start making your coffee, and then you can go watch my cute ass work.”
The café was busy today, far too busy for the kind of conversation he wanted to have about sharing a flat for the weekend, but he took heart knowing that he would be seeing Tony in a few hours and then he wouldn’t have to worry about other customers demanding Tony’s time or feeling like he had to hold back his obvious displays of affection. He could spend the whole weekend just being with him, and he loved that. He sadly slid his card across the counter – honestly he needed to open up like a recurring tab or something – and retreated to his usual spot.
Bucky hit Steve lightly on the arm and gestured towards Tony, a reminder to talk with him instead of the kid. He turned back to face Tony, his gaze focused on his butt like usual. It didn’t take him long to recognize that the swagger of his hips was definitely gone, and his stomach curled with unease. Something just seemed…off. It was weird. Tony sounded like normal and acted like normal, but his smiles didn’t make his eyes twinkle and he hadn’t teased him as soon as Bucky walked in the door. It was almost like he was being treated like…well like a normal customer. What happened? Did he do something wrong?
Tony turned to look at his son, clearly not amused. “Okay no, you need to get to school. You’re not ruining this for me. Off to school.”
worth it.”
He finished his coffee faster than yesterday under the guise he was almost late for work, but that it was worth it. He still got a sly smile from Tony as he told him he’d see him tomorrow, and he chose to hold onto that, but his insides were squirming with worry. As he left the shop, he knew what he had to do before he could let this go any further (even though he was already in far too deep) – he had to bring Bucky to the café.
. It couldn’t be, not this soon.
Steve’s shoulders drooped as he hung his head. He found a bench and plopped himself onto it as he stared at the cracks in the pavement. “God, I really messed this up.”
He shook his head. “Nah, I’m not hiding him or anything. He’s at home taking his one day a week off. I can help you though,” he reminded.
He heard something drop from Pete’s direction again, which he took as a sign that he was progressing in the right direction. It was a gutsy request, but if Tony responded well to this, then he had hope for when he asked him out officially.
He saw Tony’s cheeks pink up in a blush, and god did he love it when he blushed. God he thought it again! He already accepted that’s what it was, so why did his mind feel the need to keep reminding him? He cupped Tony’s face in his hands and gave him a warm, loving – damn it! – kiss that just made his heart glow. It looked chaste on the outside, but it was so full of emotion from both of them he was surprised they could get away with expressing that much emotion in public.
Steve groaned. “Well that’s not nearly as much fun when it’s used back on me,” he pouted.
Steve closed his eyes as he reached up to run his hand through Tony’s hair. “Remind me to thank him, and to call him handsome. I think he likes that,” he murmured before he kissed him back.
It took a few moments for Tony to register that Steve was talking to him, and even longer for him to form a sentence. Even though his shirt was back down, Tony still stared at his abdomen. “Oh uh, morning Steve,” he finally said as he broke his gaze to look up at him. “You uh, look like you had a good workout.”
Tony grinned back, his face flushing as he licked his lips again. “My mistake. A date like that gets you free coffee…
Steve outwardly grimaced at that thought. “Ugh, no. I would never date you,” he said emphatically, his voice filled with disgust. Bucky was like his brother – he would never be interested in him.
Tony seemed to put a little more swing in his steps as he finished Steve’s coffee, like he was purposefully putting on a show, and Steve was absolutely okay with that. He finally brought his coffee over, and Steve stole just a few more moments of Tony’s busy day to stare into his eyes before he let Tony go to take more coffee orders. But he still kept up the flirting and he definitely still kept watching Tony move. He felt like he had to keep stealing these moments of time with Tony, holding on to whatever ones he got and keeping them together and sacred in his mind, but tomorrow…tomorrow he got an entire evening with Tony. There wouldn’t be other customers or his son or anyone else to take his attention. And if these little magical moments were precious, he couldn’t wait to have hours with this man. He truly could not wait.
“You know, the question I should have asked was, does the coffee taste better or worse in the mug?” Steve asked as he leaned back in his chair. He was starting to feel comfortable here and starting to feel more comfortable with Tony, and he could only see that leading to better things. After all, tomorrow it would be a week since he met him, so he had to be more comfortable by now.
Bucky jogged around him and held out his prosthetic arm to stop him. “Bad idea, Stevie. He’s mad at you right now, and going in there now isn’t gonna do a damn thing, especially with how worried you are. No good can come out of you going there right now.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Just a warning, while not explicit, this chapter makes some references to their activities last night, so if that makes you uncomfortable, please be aware - it should be fairly easy to skip those paragraphs.
Steve nodded his thanks and left the cafe before he did something else that made him look like an idiot. Maybe his blood sugar was low or maybe he pushed too hard on the run, but something had turned his usual calm and controlled manner into a bumbling idiot, and he knew that barista Tony had something to do with it. He usually didn’t fall apart around other guys - Bucky taught him enough to do okay - so why was he falling apart? It didn’t make any sense. But as he was leaving the store, he took a look back and saw Tony leaning against the bar talking to some teenage boy in the cafe, and his eyes lingered before he finally left.
He bumped Steve’s shoulder with his coffee cup. “I know how scared you get asking people out, but really, you should do it tomorrow. It’s gonna go great, I promise. He’ll be so relieved you’re single he’ll say yes. Trust me.”
His presence caught the eye of the barista, with the keen eyes that glittered in the sun and the slightly graying hair that strangely drove him wild. He looked over at him with the smile that had seared itself into his mind all day. “Well well, look who’s back,” he grinned as he leaned against the countertop. “Guess my Americano was worth coming back for?”
Steve chuckled as he refused to let it go. “Well, I’ve eaten the other ones just fine.”
“Of course I did,” Steve murmured as he reached for Tony’s hand. “Especially after last night.” He understood why Tony had to leave – it was a school night for Pete and they both had to work in the morning and they couldn’t bank on someone covering for Tony again so they could have a lazy morning after. He knew after they went back to his place Tony would have to leave after they were done being intimate, but letting Tony go when they were cuddling in the afterglow was one of the hardest things he’d ever had to do, and his heart had ached for the touch of this man since he left his bed. “My bed felt so empty,” he whispered.
Steve pretended to pout. “I guess I can do that. It really is an inconvenience though.”
Tony chuckled as he relaxed and leaned back against Steve. He turned his face into his neck and gave him a quick kiss before he nuzzled into his neck.
. He wouldn’t trust his flirting and he wouldn’t trust his advances unless he could assure him he really was single. He’d meant to bring Bucky there to figure out if their relationship could have a future, not to destroy it by making Tony think the wrong thing! “I should go back in there right now and fix this,” he decided, and he already found himself turning around to head back to the coffee shop.
Steve wished he could focus more on the Captain Handsome nickname. He wished he could focus more on the fact that Tony thought he was handsome and that he had been giving him a nickname and talking about him that soon after meeting him, but unfortunately his mind was stuck on his interaction with Pete.
One time, long ago, his mother took him to see the city light up the tree in Rockefeller Center. One moment the entire block would be dark (even the buildings around the park turned off their lights) and then there was an explosion of light. The tree, the surrounding lights, the whole block behind them, everything glowed bright with millions of Christmas lights. Thousands of people cheered and applauded and sang as they felt overcome with joy and awe. The way his heart, his entire body just lit up from hearing those words…that memory was the only comparison he could make, and even that didn’t do it justice.
“Alright Tony, I’m gonna need a coffee that’ll last me to Sunday,” Steve announced as he walked in. He was ready to keep the good vibes going from yesterday and make sure they both had some good memories to hold onto over the next very long day.
“Steve,” Tony groaned against him. “Steve, I need to feel that love. Please. Please, I need it,” he pleaded desperately, and as he shifted against him he could clearly feel Tony’s need. “This isn’t close enough.”
“Oh, well I was thinking—“ Steve began, but Bucky interrupted.
Tony actually blushed (and wasn’t that a beautiful sight?), but it was Pete who responded. “It’s what my dad called you before he learned your name.
(See the end of the chapter for
Now they were getting somewhere. He grabbed Tony’s other hand and rubbed his thumb into it. “Anniversary of what?” he asked softly.
Steve smiled happily. “It’s a date.”
Tony looked over at him, eyebrows raised. “Wow, why the change of plans?”
He arrived late to the coffee shop, which just felt weird and wrong. The sun was higher in the sky, the street was lighter, and after having such a habit ingrained into him after eleven days, it just felt wrong to get coffee so much later in the morning. It also felt weird because he wasn’t coming in fresh and sweaty from a run. He was dressed in his formal army greens with his hat tucked under one arm. He pushed his way into the coffee shop, and it clearly took awhile for Tony to recognize him because he almost made it to the counter before Tony said anything.
There it was again. This was getting out of hand. He couldn’t go two minutes without thinking that word, and he knew if he didn’t get a lid on it soon he’d say it aloud. He loved Tony, but he didn’t know if Tony loved him back (which was fine this early in the relationship) and he didn’t want to pop such a serious word and emotion too soon. If he couldn’t figure this out, it might happen, and if Tony wasn’t ready to hear it...that could end poorly. The rest of the time in the coffee shop he felt like he had to police his thoughts and make sure he didn’t slip up and say a thought out loud. And if he was struggling to keep it in now…what was he going to do when they were in the throes of passion crying out to each other? He knew he would scream out or pant out the word love and he wouldn’t have the mental wherewithal to stop it. Telling him outside of sex was absolutely a better choice, but he still feared it was too soon.
A week after Tony’s self-proclaimed mini pool party, he and Steve were getting ready for a gala. Steve really, really hated these things. They felt too reminiscent of his USO days, being forced to put on a polite smile and make nice with hundreds of strangers for hours when he’d much rather be home cuddling with his boyfriend.
“Yeah, that sounds like me,” Tony huffs and drums his fingers on the housing unit before he asks, “So you weren’t mad?”
Steve looks up from his things spread on the bed. “There is nothing to explain, okay?”
“No,” Pepper answers fast. “We have our separate histories too, you know?”
“We have a mutual acquaintance,” she says, and her smile widens as she stretches his hand toward him and adds, “Tony Stark? Although, yes, I know, he’s more of your close friend, while I’m just one of many faces from his past. Christine Everhart.”
Pepper reaches for his hand and squeezes it tightly.
Steve gives him a half-smirk and Tony starts to worry that he’s more than a little fucked because this small, private smile is even harder to resist than the piercing, ocean gaze.
,” Tony says, looking slightly offended. “Besides, we decided on it just this morning.”
“I needed a break,” he adds.
“I figured it out,” he says suddenly before he can talk himself out of it.
He aims to brush it off but Bruce’s gaze changes. It’s more intent now as he follows Tony’s moves.
“I guess it must have been your idea of a common ground.”
And that finally makes Bruce lose his temper for a bit. Well, not like to lose it to the point of giving his other side a full on go, but he still puts the ice cream box down and sticks his spoon into it with a bit too much force.
Finally, Tony thinks as Steve bites in. Steve’s hands move from Tony’s back too. He gently frames Tony’s face in his long fingers, huffing into his lips a moan of relief when he feels that Tony pushes into him with the same intensity.
“Why were we on the run?” Tony cuts in. “Have you told me this story?”
“I’ll do anything for you, my brother.”
Bruce winces and looks up at Tony, he only murmurs, “It’s different.”
And as he thinks about who might code the footage and what the hell had been really happening in this house, FRIDAY pulls on the screen a view from the front door camera. It really doesn’t show much. Tony sees that an old-looking car approaches the house and stops very close to a man standing outside on the driveway. It’s him. He’s dressed casually in his favorite leather jacket and some jeans. And there is a suit standing next to him in a sentinel mode or maybe he just lights the way for the car because there is no trace of any other light anywhere near them. And when the car stops even that is put down as the suit lowers its arm. The camera switches to a nocturnal mode. The recording is in a hue of green and black. Tony guesses that it must have been done on purpose to obscure the incomer’s identity in case someone’s been watching, but for Tony, this is enough to know it’s Steve. Even though he hides his face in the hood of his jacket, he can’t hide the way he moves. Tony invites him in, and they disappear behind massive doors.
I had a theory thajgnskgjnKHGBDFJbjkhdfn
I can’t seem to shake you. You’re hovering over me almost all the time. I only just managed to get a moment alone by telling you I wasn’t feeling well. You’ll figure it out soon enough, though.
i’m sorry. please stop hurtign me.
After another moment, Tony pulled away, much to Steve’s disappointment, but looked equally disheartened. He stood up and held out his hand to Steve.
“Anthony has declared that he looks more appealing in this shirt. This is false.”
“Tomorrow, I have some websites I’d like you to look at,” Tony continued.
Tony looked up at Steve from where he was pressed against Steve’s chest, and Steve realized he had been standing there rubbing the fabric for a few seconds too long, and he ripped his hand away as casually as he could. He tried not to look guilty.
i’d give anyhtign to see never see you again
Tony’s hands dropped from Steve’s face and he dropped to his knees, ducking his head to meet Steve’s gaze again. The grin on his face was nearly blinding; he looked like the cat that caught the canary, and Steve was overwhelmed with everything he felt for the man in front of him. Tony’s hands came down to cover Steve’s knees, and he could feel the warmth of them through the fabric of his pants.
you… fuck i can’t even write it otu my hands ar eshaking so fuckgin bad
Steve nodded and buttoned the last button near his neck before reaching for the tie he laid out next to him.
He threw back the rest of his juice and put his glass down on the counter next to the sink with a little more force than necessary, walking out of the room. He paused in the doorway, turning back, looking at Tony, Bruce, then the color on Bruce’s toes, the bright green shining at him, almost taunting. Tony was staring at him now, looking concerned. He opened his mouth to say something, but Steve cut him off.
Steve and Tony looked over to Natasha as well. She was still lying on the floatie and didn’t even look over to them.
The look faded from Tony’s face and he smiled at Steve.
Steve didn’t put up much of a fight, anyway. It was nice to stretch out, and the gentle touch of Tony’s hands on his ankles was nice. This thing between them was still relatively new, but Steve relished in any bit of attention Tony would give him.
He catches the small, unsure smile and the sudden blush that covers Steve’s cheeks but for now, he leaves that uncommented. Instead, he takes a good look at the surroundings as he steps deeper inside the house.
The girl nods sharply, suddenly serious. She runs to the stairs leading further down. Steve gives her a reassuring smile as she disappears down the staircase, and he tilts his chin to the entrance in a silent sign for Tony to follow.
“Yep, guilty as charged,” Tony nods eagerly.
“Rhodey is coming?” Tony asks, suddenly livid. “Why didn’t you tell me that from the start? We need sake. A lot of it!”
“FRIDAY, inform Captain Rogers that I’m coming back, and I want to talk to him,” he says, and he sneaks out of the workshop. Touching the housing unit lightly, he lets the suit unfold and takes him up.
“You might use it to call Pepper too,” Steve proposes. “And agree on the stuff from the Eco Compound she has to send your way.”
“Yeah, because I hate this kind of thing. These dinners and events where all we have to do is to kiss ass, or act like circus animals that are there to perform.” Steve delivers firmly, and before he thinks about the next words, he adds, “And I didn’t have much of a breather between what happened with Thanos, your funeral, and then you coming back.”
“Was she the usual person I went to if I needed to talk to someone?” Tony guesses.
“Steve, you need to hear this,” Tony starts, stroking Steve's heated cheeks. “It’s on me. Not you. I’m the one who fell in love with you, okay? Me. I went there and without your permission completely, utterly and fully fell for you. And nothing is going to change this. Whether you feel the same or not. And whether you’ll run away or not. Although I’d really like for you to stay.”
She throws Steve a hurried and horrified look, asking very quietly, “Is this some kind of recording?”
The thing with him making plans is that they apparently rarely go according to said plans. Or maybe it’s just one of the characteristics of this new life of his. Either way, when Tony approaches his house in Malibu and has a whole speech prepared, rehearsed and then rehearsed some more, he’s determined to lay everything out and to confront Steve. He wants to ask point blank what was going on between them and what is going on currently (because he
“Good morning, Captain,” the AI says cheerfully. “It’s 6:43 AM. The temperature outside it’s 55°F and the highest temperature predicted for today is 64°F with clear sky throughout the day and slight overcast in the afternoon. Your actual wakeup time is 6:36, twenty-four minutes before your alarm.”
There's nothing wrong with that. Pep’s great. He trusts her with his life. No. Correct that. He wouldn’t be alive without her. She’s basically his caretaker. And of course, he sees how smart she is. How persistent. How loyal and just purely and simply good. God, flirting with her is always the brightest time of each day, especially when he feels it’s based on the very strong fundamentals of an unapologetic friendship where she isn’t taking any of his shit, and he devotedly respects her for that. But marriage?
He’s able to glance at Steve. There’s a small smile that plays on the bastard’s lips. He ducks his head to hide it, but it still reflects in his intensely blue eyes.
“Aldrich Killian razed it to the ground with a few bombs,” Steve explains matter-of-factly as they walk to the door.
Tony swiftly looks down at her hand that softly touches one of his. “I’m sorry?”
“Hey, I don’t judge,” Bruce admits. “It’s a lot to take in one go.”
“No buts, Cap.” Tony holds a finger to prevent any further protest. “It’s an order.”
Tony smiles even wider and raises his beer bottle. “I’m glad I can provide.”
Fuck. All this? All this is so screwed up. He’s screwed up. And suddenly the weight of all that has happened in the last few years hits him hard. Afghanistan. The realization that he was alone and lonely. The fact that no one had his back when he decided to shut down weapons manufacturing. Obadiah’s betrayal.
And this time Steve makes a strange face again and only nods sharply. There is this adorable blush that appears high on his cheeks every time he’s abashed by his own actions. Tony can make this assumption because he already learned how to read some of Steve’s little quirk and whims. It’s not many of them and it makes it all the easier to read him. All the easier to like him. To be addicted to his presence. Only based on that Tony already knows he can’t just simply go his way and spend his newly given life someplace else.
But Steve only smiles fondly and nods. “Really.”
Tony straightens, surprised. “Here?”
“Damn,” Tony huffs. “Then no to getting you drunk today, but soon, yes?”
“It’s alright.” Pepper puts a warm hand on his shoulder, stopping him as she only says, “I just wanted to check if you need anything.”
“Geez, don’t say it: I’m a dick in every version?” Tony lets out a heavy exhale and rubs his neck, coming into the office. “Listen, I feel like I need to explain a few things.”
“What can I give you?” he finally says very quietly, closing his eyes as he continues, “I’m broken and exhausted. And I’ve known only this life. This fight. It’s all I’ve ever had. I don’t know how to live in a different way.”
“He has the right to know,” he says calmly.
“Yeah, I hoped it’d happen sometime later today,” Tony murmurs grimly. “But I’m not so sure anymore.”
“You are now though.” Tony provides, poking at her with a screwdriver he had been playing with.
She props her hip at the edge of a nearby table, wrapping herself thither into her sweater as she asks surpassingly calmly, “Tony, what are you doing here?”
“Damn,” Tony says, finally locking his gaze with Steve’s. “You look far too good for someone who’s been frozen for eighty years and then went through hell. What’s your thing? Pilates?”
Tony looks at him doubtfully. “Do I look fifty-three?”
I hope you don't mind these little visualisations! Here is what Tony has seen (among other things) in chapter 4 ;)
“How to add speed power to Peter’s suit so the kid won’t fall in case his web shooter fails?” Steve recalls their previous conversation they had like an hour ago.
“I didn’t do anything to have her!” Tony says the words like they have a bitter taste. He bounces off the desk to get into Steve’s space and points a finger into Steve’s chest. “You don’t get how it feels to suddenly wake up and have your whole life taken away from you, replaced by this something that you don’t know what to do about.”
“No, no, please.” Tony props his head on a hand and smiles. “Don’t limit yourself on my account.”
And then Tony moves his eyes up and freezes himself. Only his gaze slowly swipes from Steve’s face down his body and suddenly Steve remembers that his t-shirt is still in his hand. His bare skin instantly tingles when Tony scrutinizes him very carefully. And it’s not like Steve doesn’t know that look. Tony’s renowned for appreciating fine things. Steve knows how he looks; it mostly doesn’t matter to him, but he also knows how people react. How Tony reacted before. Tony’s never been immune to that either. But what startles Steve is the openness and shamelessness of that look. This is completely new and somehow disturbingly nice. And that thought scares him. He shouldn’t think of these looks in this way. In any way, really. He shouldn’t be a reason for their existence as well.
Steve sharply looks up at a blond-haired woman in her early forties. She is beautiful, dressed in a simple yet elegant black dress that smoothly flows over her slender body. Her hair is combed into a perfect disorder, her makeup is spotless, and her smile seems to be easy, but there is something sharp in her gaze when she scrutinizes him slowly. Yes, there is something harsh and familiar in that glance.
Bruce points with the spoon, silently marking Tony’s point, but then his gaze changes again. He briefly looks back to the room where it seems like the party is just really starting.
“Well, consider me now,” Tony snorts.
One might ask - why? It’s simple. Really. He can have exactly everything money can buy. His company hits the roof on the stock market. He has the cars, the boats, and the planes. He can travel around the world whenever and however he wants. And he can do whomever he wants in whatever way possible. Although most of the time he’s careful in fulfilling these kinds of wishes because they tend to backfire more times than not. But overall, there is barely anyone who can say “no” to him or there is barely anything he can’t get sooner or later (mostly sooner), so there is not much of an effort left in his life. And above all, Tony loves a good old challenge. So, his life? Boring.
“Yeah,” Tony answers quietly. “Yeah, of course.”
,” she admits. “And it was something that I had to deal with myself, so us breaking up was my decision and I fully intended to own it. When the events of 2015 happened, we weren’t together, but we were still friends so no, I wasn’t mad.”
It’s not a surprise that Tony has coffee for breakfast. There is also another freshly brewing pot behind him while the man himself sits at the kitchen counter, rocking on a high stool as he reads something on a pad. He’s freshly showered. Steve can still see the moisture in Tony’s hair highlighted by the morning sun that burst into the room through the glass walls. He wears his usual workshop attire, a tank top that stretches around his chest and sweatpants, which means he probably doesn’t intend to rest and this is just a mere break. Especially that there are three of his suits walking around the kitchen, preparing pancakes, waffles and fried eggs, probably to Tony’s instructions that come from a small device sitting on both sides of his temples.
“It’s good practice?” Tony proposes.
“I don’t want to risk Morgan seeing you,” she explains.
“Come on, follow me,” she says.
PS. Just please know, this is not the end and I plan to have far more fun with this story ;)
“FRIDAY are you still up,” Tony asks, moving on the bed.
And it suddenly hits Tony. The Battle of Earth (stupid name, but okay) had been like two weeks ago. He suspects that before the group already worked their asses off to pull off whatever they pulled. It must have been stressful as hell not to mention that it seems like straight after it, they had to fight for their lives and well, the lives of everyone on this planet. People died. Close people. Beloved even. Surely not only Tony’s alternative version. So, after the battle, the guys had probably close to zero rest and a mountain of grief and sorrow packed in a really nice package of exhaustion. It must have been so extensive that it influenced even a super-soldier. And here is Tony, moaning about the fact that someone redecorated his house. That he redecorated his own house. And he suddenly feels a pang of guilt and something else, something like— Is this remorse? Fuck. That’s a strange feeling.
Steve holds his head up and tilts his chin up, urging, “What about that?”
“A—a—ah,” Tony says before she’s able to finish and takes his hand away. “I’ll stop you right there.”
“I’m sorry for what happened there,” he finally adds.
“Checking,” she agrees, and only after a few seconds of a pause she throws, “Captain was in the mansion in April 2016 and he spent a few weeks here. Bood, you were here with him all this time but most of the footage from the security cameras is encrypted.”
“And this is the exact reason why I’m doing this.” Tony spreads his hands triumphantly. “I’m giving you a breather.”
“I’ve been told I am a miracle,” Steve alludes, arching an eyebrow. “So yes, I’m unbelievable.”
And in that moment of total loss Mantis came to him. She simply covered his hand and for a few minutes, she stayed there with him. It was like she had been taking some part of all these feelings and replacing them with something new. It felt like love, but one that didn’t carry any bitter aftertaste. The feeling was free. It was somehow simple. And it must have been hers. Because who else could experience something so uncomplicated and pure?
“And what that fear did to you, huh?” Tony says to himself.
“Everywhere?” Rhodey exclaims carefully. “Even in—”
Steve breathes out like he lets go of something incredibly heavy that he had been carrying on his back every day of his whole life and he hides his face in the crook of Tony’s neck again. He doesn’t shiver anymore. He just inhales and exhales softly, not letting Tony go. His breath calms down. He
“Were they nice?” Tony smirks. “In Venice perhaps?”
Tony’s cock throbs against Steve’s chin at the movement. It leaks and leaves wet patterns on the skin of Steve’s neck. The man hisses above him as he tightens the grip in Steve’s hair. And Steve smiles and is thankful that some things about Tony haven’t changed.
feels right.
There is another long moment of silence. Steve senses more than sees that Tony is thinking, weighting all the possibilities, outcomes and prospects of failures. It’s not because he’s measuring his profits. It’s because Tony also looks for the best way out with a minimum of hurt and disappointment. That’s why he’s prepared when Tony turns and glances up at Steve with intensity.
Steve hesitates long enough for Bruce to say, “I think it was before I flew to Sakaar.”
And Tony bursts out laughing. He falls back into the pillows. His voice resonates in the quiet room as Steve rises and leans over him to mockingly check if he’s alright.
Tony’s basically in Captain's space now. He rests his hip against the couch, just next to Steve’s hand. The man is taller than him, but right now, as he leans against the furniture they are almost at the same level. And Tony can see that Steve’s eyes are not fully blue. No. They have a touch of green in them that warms the gaze even if their owner looks suddenly wary.
“That and I’ve been to Pepper’s,” Tony confesses with a weak smile.
“Easy,” Tony squeezes his hands. “You don’t have to tell me.”
“The time,” Rhodey says, his voice shaking. “It must be around Tony’s snap.”
In Tony’s opinion, everything goes rather smoothly after that heart-to-heart with Steve. And his life might have changed by hundred-and-eighty degrees and he might have gotten a proverbial kick in the ass that slowly results in him opening his eyes to many things, but at least he feels that this is his own path, not the other guy’s whom he came here to replace. Especially that he’s getting back his best friend and a grasp of this new reality.
And this is what Steve tells himself repeatedly when they land on the UCLA Medical Center’s helipad, and when they cross the chaotic hospital’s halls to reach the unit where they’re keeping Tony.
“I don’t want to hold you a prisoner to my unfulfilled expectations,” Pepper says calmly and squeezes his finger one more time to finally let them free. She moves back, leaning against the table opposite when she adds, “I’ll always have feelings for you, but they are also not the same. It feels like I also went back in time and had this tiny crush on you. But it’s nothing more. Just that. And I don’t know how to explain this, but somewhere at the back of my mind I know you are you while at the same time you’re not the person I love and lost just days ago. It’s like some kind of—”
“Huh,” Tony only huffs and narrows his eyes to observe Steve carefully. “So, I’m the result of an accident. That’s great. Really.”
And watching it, Tony can’t stop thinking — if they had
“Careful,” Steve says lowly. “It’s my friend you’re speaking about.”
And Maria, as tactical as always, gets it and walks back to her boss. She probably even understands that he’d do this even if he didn’t want to. But he does want to. He wants to see
Tony’s damp hair still sticks to his forehead. His eyes are marked by tiny webs of wrinkles as he smiles. Happy and confident, he’s drawing small circles with his thumb on Steve’s skin.
“The journalist,” Steve recalls, holding her hand. “And I’m sure this isn’t a social call.”
Tony kisses him delicately once. Twice. One more time. One more tender catch of his lips until Steve eases even more in his arms and chases after him.
The flight is short. Period. It annoys him that he can’t fully experience the beauty of the nanotech suit that he had been preparing and assembling for the past two days, but he didn’t fly to play this time. And still, he gets the grasp of all the non-combat functionalities to the point he can set down with grace near the location FRIDAY marked for him. The rest will have to wait. Now he must have the talk. It might be one of the most important ones in his life. Well, this life—
“Hey, you were the one who put cameras in places where people could still embarrass themselves,” Rhodey says defensively. “Like, let’s say hypothetically, singing in a kitchen while making coffee.”
He quickly looks around when he takes a few steps closer to her. There is a table opposite to Pepper, so he jumps on it to sit when he confirms after a bit, “Yep, everything. And I guess the question is how much do you know?”
“Can I ask one more question?” she finally says.
He’s near Steve in seconds. He encloses Steve’s face with his palm as he reaches for Steve’s waist with his free hand to shove them closer together. And he looks into Steve’s eyes, searching as he explains softly, “What I meant to say is that when I saw you in that hospital room a few weeks back, you seemed unreal but also like the biggest fucking chance I ever got from life. One that I could never hope to deserve.”
“FRIDAY, call Pepper.”
“But how—” Steve tries again.
“God, I’m so stupid,” Steve says instead, not listening. “I thought that I could do this. I thought that I was smart enough not to drag you into my past mistakes and—”
But there is one change. The one that happened in Steve. He doesn’t want to fight. Not anymore. Not with Tony. And not with anyone else. Because he’s exhausted. And discouraged. Indifferent even.
“Right on it, boss,” she says cheerfully.
In this light, the space looks even homier and sheltered. It’s clear that it’s a family home with a kid running around freely. And it feels almost like an insult to his suddenly lost bachelor’s life.
“Maybe I wanted to torture you a little?” Tony proposes with a sudden smile but seeing that Steve isn’t amused but rather still miserable, so he shrugs and admits, “It still feels foreign. I mean, not the parents' part. I’m still flipped. I can’t pour down the rain of mass destruction on Hydra. But the part where I’m mad at you doesn't exist in my memories. I didn’t live through it, so I don’t feel it. You told me now and you had a pretty good reason to wait too. And don’t get me wrong, I’m not going to be best buddies with your buddy Bucky, but this feeling doesn’t have much heat.”
He wants to think that’s directed at him but there is a traitorous voice at the back of his head, telling him that it’s only his ego that allows him to consider this smile and this look to be meant for him. Because nothing of this is his. Not this friendship. Not this house. Not this future. At least not anymore.
.” Tony explains with a wave of a hand. “Well, not the first time, anyway.”
“Why did I decide to rebuild it?” Tony asks, getting out of the car.
“Totally fine,” Steve says on autopilot and goes for a weak smile.
He kneels in front of the other man, taking his hands in his own.
“Oh, please,” Pepper shoots him down, but she looks over her shoulder to check on him.
“Later, for sure,” Steve agrees with a soft smile, “But I want to ask you for something else.”
“I don’t,” Steve says fast and now the pain that crosses his features is clear. “But I can try to tell you what happened. And then you can decide what to do.”
“Well, the Avengers’ compound is out of question for the time being,” Pepper says, holding her gaze up when she smiles weakly.
He feels a lump forming in his throat when Tony’s hand starts to move. Only the other man’s fingertips trace the shape of Steve’s muscles now. His fingers softly glide on the wet skin to outline first the line of Steve’s shoulder, then up his neck to frame his jaw gently.
“Agree, but now is “us” talk, Cap, so back to the topic,” Tony orders.
Christine snorts and shakes her head. It looks like she has given up, but as she moves to pass through them, she pauses. Looking  at Tony with strange intent, now that she’s closer, her eyes narrow. Christine’s gaze is careful and evaluating. Steve can see that she’s intensively trying to understand what might be bothering her.
“You know what, Rogers?” he asks, suddenly annoyed.
Steve props his head up to give Tony better access and so the man rushes to swipe his lips over the hard stubble, biting softly on Steve’s chin before his lips land gently on Steve’s half open mouth.
Steve glances up, wincing. “Why aren’t you doing all this with Pepper, Tony?”
“I thought that’s your specialty,” Steve tries for a joke.
“Nope, never lost.” Steve gives him a small smile when he puts the champagne bottle into Tony’s outstretched hands. “Just intimidated.”
And he kisses Steve quickly, falling back again. He stays close though. Steve rests his palm on Tony’s chest. He presses his fingers to the exact spot where Tony wears the nano parts holder. Tony covers it with his own hand, tangling their fingers together as he looks back at Steve and clearly tries to read something from his face.
“Tony, please,” he tells him very quietly, looking up. “For your own good, just let me go.”
“So Stark is back, yes?” Thor chips in. “Can he help to clean up this disarray that’s going around?”
Steve opens his lips like he wants to say something but then he stops and only shakes his head, stunned. He slowly turns and sits heavily on the bed, crushing in his hands one of the shirts.
Pepper laughs out loud, waving him off, “Bye, Tony.”
“And what about me, huh?” Tony snorts, lowering his head to catch Steve’s gaze. He searches Steve’s eyes, and starts to smile more openly as he says, “I just confessed my undying love for you and all you managed to talk about is Morgan. I’m offended since I think my declaration was pretty damn neat. So seriously, am I nothing to you?”
Steve laughs shortly, but it’s a tired laugh. “Yeah, I’d really like that.”
it. Because now? Now it finally feels like they won.
“I’ll do you one better. I know why you keep telling yourself this big fat lie,” Steve answers, smirking. “So yeah, been there, done that.”
So sorry for being a tad bit lat but I've been traveling. The good news is that you will get ch4 earlier :D
Tony hoists himself onto the bed, looking from behind Pepper. He scrutinizes Steve very carefully. His dark, intense eyes roam over Steve’s body, all intent and openly fascinated.
“You’re still hung up on her?”
Pepper signs and rolls her eyes. “I’m not mad at
The fear hits him hard. He undresses momentarily. And the next second he dives in too. The water is dark and restless, but he has been able to find people in worse situations than this. He stays under for longer. He paddles faster. He keeps his breath steady, so it’ll sustain him for a few more minutes. And above all, he does everything to keep his furious fear at bay. And in the same moment, as he tries not to let the panic overtake him, he sees Tony above him. Steve knocks his legs against water and resurfaces behind the other man.
starts to grow a beard even though he’s still a bit square and occasionally uptight. But then again, who wouldn’t be after spending nearly seventy years in the ice and then being in a constant survival setup?
“And did we? Meet that is,” Tony questions further. “Did we make up?”
“Closer than me and my science buddy?”
Steve frowns and touches the place automatically, trying to remember. It’s true he took a few exceptionally hard blasts to his head and face, but the helmet mostly protects him well so it’s unusual that he’d have scarring in a place protected by it. And then he suddenly remembers. Looking at Tony sharply, he feels a sudden panic building inside him.
He thinks about another important person in his life. Two people, actually. Because it’s clear that it was him that screwed up at some point of all this. And it’s time to fix things.
Steve’s breath hitches. Suddenly a tip of Tony’s fingers touches the bottom of his lower lip. The sensation of a slightly colder fingertip electrifies him. And Steve freezes. Because it feels familiar. And yet there is also something new in this touch. This touch isn’t hesitant. It isn’t even slightly unsure. Tony
Yeah, Tony thinks, here comes his epic crush with his doom. Except now, the said doom isn’t an intangible idea that’s been building in Tony’s head for years. This one is a breathing and living creature that’s a sum of blue eyes, elegant yet big hands, and (from what he already managed to gather) one piece of an extremely great ass.
“Wow, t—that—that’s actually surprisingly mature,” Bruce says. “You’re sure you’re not the other Tony after all?”
“Just like that?” Tony teases.
Steve looks at him sharply, his brows furrow. The change in him is incredibly swift. When he didn’t have the slightest idea what Tony aims for, he looks like he knows now. And he isn’t upset by that. At least not precisely. There is something else there. Shyness? Shame.
Pepper reaches for his hand and squeezes it lightly as she affirms, “Don’t worry about that now, we need you here too.”
“I’ve been an idiot,” Tony admits. “Clearly.”
invasion from outer space.”
Finally, they agreed that it would be beneficial if Pepper went back to the East Coast to slowly prepare Morgan for the eventuality of her father, maybe, potentially being back. But that could happen only when Steve learns what really happened. The theory about time travel is palatable but for him something doesn’t feel exactly right. And they can’t tell Morgan that she hasn’t lost her father if he would have to disappear from her life yet again.
Steve snorts, giving him a half smile. “To use all means necessary.”
“Just like that,” Steve confirms.
Tony’s mesmerized by the picture. He sees that Steve doesn’t pretend to be interested. He doesn’t do it to humor Peter either. Steve deeply cares and wants to know Peter more. He tries to include him. He also tries to build some kind of family.
Steve only shakes his head, barely visible in lieu of an answer and stepping a few more steps into the room, he stands on the other side of Tony’s bed.
“What about her?” Tony asks but Steve starts to make the face again, so he adds as serious as he can be, “Morgan is my daughter, and you’ll have to put up with her, I am afraid. But, hey, I heard you adore her, so it shouldn’t be a problem, right?”
“I do, Tony,” Steve says softly. “I really do.”
“—but,” Steve starts.
And he guesses the turmoil must relate to the Blip — the thing that other Tony, Steve and the rest of the so-called Avengers did just a few days ago. It must have been their best idea to correct their past mistakes but now it looks like it didn’t come out exactly as planned or maybe it came out too well because Steve vibrates with almost physical pain as he looks at all the disarray they pass by. He must be thinking it’s all his fault. And for some stupid and irrational reason this peeves Tony plenty.
Tony’s smile faded slightly as he lifted an eyebrow. “Everything okay? You’re staring.”
Steve walked into the coffee shop, face absolutely glowing. After going two days without his morning run, it felt so good to pound the pavement again. He made such good time he actually ran a bit further before jogging back up to his coffee shop. He never thought he was a man of tradition, but having Saturday, Sunday, and Monday be abnormal for him, he cherished the return to normal. He gave a broad grin at Tony as soon as he walked in the door – it felt so good to see him again.
They must have stared at each other for a long time (Steve could just get lost in Tony’s eyes) but finally Tony pulled away. He gave some excuse about having to help Pete and they said their goodbyes, but Steve could definitely feel Tony’s eyes on him as he left.
“He won’t say no either, if that’s what you’re afraid of,” Happy continued after Steve stayed silent for a moment.
He walked up to the counter, shining like the sun. “Morning handsome,” he greeted as he leaned across the counter for his morning kiss, the kiss that really, officially started the day. He couldn’t think about going the rest of the day without getting that first morning kiss, and he lov—enjoyed that kiss.
“Well, then today I’d like my Americano made by both of you,” Steve requested with a smile.
Tony swallowed, eyes fixed on Steve’s arms. “I guess we will,” he breathed out before he cleared his throat. “Alright, group bowling Monday night. Winner gets…I don’t know. We’ll figure it out that night.”
“Sorry,” Pepper says, keeping his face still in a careful embrace of her fingers. “I had to try.”
Pepper almost convinces him that she takes offence when she blinks a few times and says with a straight face, “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Steve, look at me,” Tony orders still softly.
Tony smiles and takes a moment to think before he says, “Me? I’m not Iron Man. Not this version of me. And frankly, I don’t want to be him if it means I can’t give you a normal life.”
Steve
Steve felt the blush cover his face and spread down his neck, and he swallowed against the lump in his throat. He ducked his head down, pulling away from Tony’s grasp, trying to hide his pleased smile. His whole body felt warm and he had no idea how to react.
I have no idea what’s going on. I’m at my wits end. It’s been three days and I still have no idea how to fix this. At least, I think it’s been 3 days. I hope so. Each fucking day is the same. I get up and see your gorgeous face smiling at me while making breakfast for everyone, and by the end of the day you’ve got me in a chokehold, poison my dinner, or whatever else you feel like doing that day to kill me.
“If you don’t like it, it’s okay,” he said, voice softer than Steve had heard him speak before, and Steve shook his head.
“I am absolutely more attractive in this!” Tony exclaimed, still holding onto Steve. “Come on, Steve. Tell him.”
Steve’s heart fluttered in his chest and he pressed harder against Tony’s lips, trying to pour all of his love into that simple gesture. He could feel Tony’s lips curve into a smile, and Steve couldn’t resist doing the same. His hands camp up to grasp Tony’s face, thumbs rubbing over his cheeks, and Steve felt Tony laugh against his lips.
I know it’s not actually you. I knew something was wrong from the moment I woke up a few days ago and I’ve spent every single moment trying to find a way out of this god damn loop. The only thing I’ve narrowed down is that this has something to do with that fight we had with MODOK yesterday. Well. Here it was yesterday, at least. It’s been days for me.
Steve
yesterday was… weird. i was fully prepared for another grotesque end like you've been doing for the past few days but you seem to have changed your mind. you're back to the quick and painless. i don’t know what happened. i have no fucking idea what changed.
that coursed through him at that threw him off guard, and he tightened his grip on his glass instinctively before forcing himself to relax, not wanting to shatter it.
Before the war, Steve had never seen a man cry so obviously in front of others. Even young boys who cried got labeled as a “girl” or a “pansy.” They would be ridiculed everywhere they went, and Steve knew more than one guy who had been pestered like that, only to be never seen again. As a kid, Steve had never cried in front of anyone but his ma and Bucky, and by time he had gone off to war it had been drilled into him that it wasn’t manly to cry, and he would only fall apart in the comfort of his own bunk.
Steve,
I THINK I GOT IT!!!! I had a genius idea about how to fix everything. It’ll take me a bit to rig up the machine and figure out how to get away from you long enough but it's gonna work. you’ll see!!!!!!
Tony just pouted and sat back down at the table next to Bruce.
“Yeah,” Bruce said, sitting up and looking down at his feet. “Her and I have been having some late night talks when neither of us can sleep. I did hers while she did mine. It helps her calm down, I guess.”
Steve was currently sitting on the end of their bed, buttoning up his shirt when Tony walked out of the bathroom, nearly ready, hair fully styled. He looked incredible, and Steve couldn’t help but trail his gaze up and down Tony’s form. Tony grinned at the scrutiny and leaned up against the dresser casually.
Steve’s breath caught in his throat once he got a good look at his, and he felt heat flood his body. From mortification, or want, Steve didn’t know, but he just continued staring at the tie.
He must have been staring for too long, because eventually Tony turned to Steve from where he was looking at Clint, his own eyes shiny with tears. Tony noticed the scowl on his face and raised an eyebrow, but Steve just schooled his expression into something more comforting, and rubbed Tony’s thigh with his toes. Tony smiled back softly, returning the gesture before turning back to the movie.
Before all this I had been working up the courage to ask you out, but I don’t think I can anymore, not after this. I’m sorrry.
Steve had no idea what Tony was talking about, but let it go, giving Tony a small nod. Tony hadn’t led him astray yet; Steve trusted him. He’d look at whatever Tony wanted.
Steve walked up to the two of them, eyes trained on first, how good Tony looked in his, then getting distracted by how Thor looked in his own. Despite his large size, the crop top fit him well, and he almost had a gentleness about him, though that was eliminated by the scowl on his face.
Steve knew it was rude to stare so overtly, but couldn’t seem to bring himself to look away, eyebrows furrowed, thinking.
Steve,
steve
steve
“No, Tony. That’s gross,” Bruce said, scowling at him.
“Sorry, Thor. I have to go with my boyfriend on this one. But I’m biased,” Steve said, ignoring Tony’s victory screech.
wish me luck.
Ever since Steve had been subjected to the serum and subsequently thrown into war, he was observant.
Like I said earlier, I know it’s not you. It still hurts, though.
You gave me a home. You turned this tower and this team into a home, into a family.
Steve furrowed his eyebrows at that, having no idea how to respond. Tony seemed to understand, though, and just ran a hand through Steve’s hair, no doubt messing up the effort Steve had put into making it look good, but Steve couldn’t find it in himself to care. The touch felt nice, and Steve melted into it.
Steve held back an eye roll of his own and looked down to Tony, raising an eyebrow at him.
Steve took one last look at Clint and Natasha before turning back to the movie.
“Come on, we’re gonna be late.”
steve
It doesn’t feel like home anymore.
“No, no. I… I love it,” he said just as quietly, and Tony’s frown turned into a grin. His hands came up from the tie and cupped Steve’s neck.
“Coming?” Steve asked, hoping Tony would leave it.
Sure, he was observant before all that, but now it was like it had been dialed up to eleven. It was extremely helpful on the battlefield and when the Avengers were called out, but even when he wasn’t actively on alert, he noticed things. He noticed the hushed conversations between two people in the cafe he liked to frequent; he noticed the subtle shake of someone’s hands as they rode the subway, unable to rid the winter chill from their bones; he noticed the way people’s eyes lingered on him as they passed on the street, as much as they tried to be discreet about it.
nevermind. i keep making it worse. i tried going for it and kissed you, and you grabbed a knife from the knife block and spilled my guts all over the kitchen floor. it was the most painful thing i’ve experienced in my life. i see the bright red of my blood and intestines every time i close my eyes.
“I’ll kiss you to death too!” he warns her.
“Fuck you,” Steve bursts and abruptly moves back, splashing water around.
For his own sake Tony retreats a bit but he still says, “Good to know you don’t only have a pretty face.”
He jumps a few steps at once, getting on the next floor, feeling the panic gathering inside him when he opens the door and sees that Steve is really packing.
He looks at Bruce and sees that the man slowly gets it, but it’s Steve who says carefully, “Tony, what are you saying?”
“You’re one of his closest friends,” she says softly.
Steve gives him a doubtful look as he takes another sharp turn to climb the road up. It’s maybe because he insisted on being present during Tony’s discharge from the hospital. He knows that Tony is kind of okay only and he really wasn’t good when somebody brought him in. Apparently, he had been dehydrated, starved, and freezing when people found him unconscious and butt naked on the LAX airstrip. And he’d been in strange coma for almost two weeks after. Physically he recovered but the good doctor back at the UCLA Medical Center was skeptical of whether to let him out without some robust and in-depth tests. Steve only agreed with Tony on the need for his release because Tony made a point that there are many more people who need medical care and wait for the space he takes. But as a result, Captain possesses unnecessary knowledge now, and because of that, he seems to be even more of a pain in the ass than before. Tony has a slight suspicion that he isn’t going to get rid of him anytime soon, which is annoying on many levels.
Tony inhales sharply, his hand that settled in Steve’s hair tugs at the strands when Steve drags his open mouth slowly through the exposed skin. Tony’s ready. Steve felt him hard for some time now, but he doesn’t want to rush. He wants to remind himself how Tony feels one inch after another.
“Set up at your last stay, Captain.”
“Strategically?” Mantis confirms.
“Thanks, but—” Steve looks at the food again. “Where did all this come from?”
“I lost so many chances,” he finally says very quietly with clear pain written all over his features. “First after Ultron, then after the Snap and probably a dozen more after the blip, and it’s all because I’ve been scared that I can’t give her what she wants.”
“Dammit, Tony, everyone thinks that Iron Man is dead.” Steve stands abruptly and barely can hold his frustration when he adds, “For God’s sake, yesterday I thought that you were dead.”
“JARVIS, please tell me that at least I still have my workshop,” Tony says to the open space.
Bruce snorts, putting a spoonful of ice cream into his mouth. “The guy’s great but if I hear one more time how he killed his Celestial father, I’ll smash him.”
The other one fought with this fear constantly. And he died because of it. He can’t make the same mistakes. He can’t. He can’t push people away anymore. He can’t afford to lose them. And they can’t afford to lose him again either. He can’t do this to them. He can’t let Steve leave him again. He can’t allow Pepper to be left alone with his mess. And he can’t let his daughter grow up without a father.
“You don’t have to be the same,” Bruce proposes gently.
Tony huffs a laugh into Steve's lips, kissing him one last time before he turns to the girl again.
“Lassie?” Tony asks genuinely surprised.
Tony listens. And to his own surprise, he understands. Not everything. Not all. But he gets what happened and how it happened and (what might be the most important part) why it happened.
He still doesn’t fully know their history, but he starts to suspect that there’s also some kind of mystery behind these ocean blue eyes. One that’s far beyond anything that Steve still holds back. Something more private and incredibly close. And Tony is dying to know it. So of course, he has his eyes on Steve all the time. One has to be persistent in one’s endeavor if one is to deliver results. Besides, Steve’s a feast for the eyes in his
“—looking for a mission?” Tony guesses.
Steve stops in the middle of a sentence and turns. “Yeah, technically.”
“And I’m totally with you.” Tony holds his hands in a surrendering gesture to stop Steve from a tirade that builds at the tip of Steve’s tongue when Tony adds fast, “But I also saw you after it ended with him. You looked like you just fought with him physically and he was another Hulk. And even though it wasn’t corporeal, it still cost you a lot.”
Steve knows the reason for that. It’s simple. Tony doesn’t carry the burden of the past. He doesn’t have scars. He doesn’t regret it. He doesn’t hold grudges. He really is free. He can start his life anew, filling again all the blank pages with events that can be uncontrolled by pain and loss. And for a moment Steve feels a pang of envy. He even thinks that he’d give a lot to have another chance at his life like that. And just like that, he understands. He’s sure of the reason why Tony came back in exactly this form in the first place.
“By touching someone I can tell what that person feels but at the same time I share these feelings,” Mantis explains softly. “You looked so pleased while glancing over at Captain Rogers, so I thought I’ll check if it feels as nice as it looks.”
“It must have been enough for him to want to kill you,” Steve says dryly. “He also kidnapped Pepper and—”
He squeezes his fingers tighter around Steve’s, trying to convince the man to look up but Steve’s completely lost. So, he says a quiet “fuck it” under his breath and softly takes Steve’s face into his hands, forcing him to look up. And now he sees it – Steve is holding his tears back with the last bits of his dignity but he’s shaking from all the emotions he’s keeping inside. And that’s it for Tony. He can only bear so much of Steve’s pain. So, he moves further. His hands push into Steve’s hair, bringing him closer.
Tony looks over his shoulder to check if Steve follows. He only arches his eyebrows in lieu of an unspoken apology but when Tony mouths, “We need to talk,” Steve frowns, and shakes his head shortly.
He feels how much Tony wants him and it makes him almost blind with satisfaction. The heat spreads along his body from where Tony’s hand clenches in his hair.  Because it feels good to be wanted so much. It feels new, precious and just right. It feels good to be Tony’s first choice. To be his only center of attention. To be
Maybe because of that, he doesn’t pay attention to the person that appears at his side until a question resounds, “Keeping up with appearances, Captain?”
“Captain Rogers!” Tony pretends to be offended. “Watch your language in front of a celestial being.”
