She jumped, and John raced to the window, sticking his head out as his eyes darted around desperately. He saw her now, hanging from one of the tree's sturdy limbs. He breathed a sigh of relief.
John was moving now, desperately trying to reach him as if he could merely catch the genius midair, and they could live happily ever after. Everything was happening too fast and too slowly all at once, John not being able to process it. He tried to keep his eyes on Sherlock, as Sherlock had ordered, but it seemed as if every obstacle in the world was between himself and Sherlock.
Mycroft turned on the telly, switching to some news station. He watched it, ignoring the yelling of his mother and the snarky, shouted remarks of his brother in favor of learning of the politics of the world and the happenings of society.
John remained quiet after that, and glanced down at his wrist. He pulled his sleeve down, covering up his own mark.
Sherlock wished what John said was true, but Moriarty's words were ringing through his mind, and he knew John was wrong. Four snipers were trained on the people he cared about most, and he refused to put them in harm's way.
He would promise, but he made no promises anymore. Promises were too hard to keep and left broken hearts in their wake.
Sherlock mulled over the quiet, desperate question. John Watson seemed to almost be begging with his eyes. Sherlock wasn't sure if he could ever truly get rid of his expectation to be hit. John had a killer arm, and Sherlock would prefer to be prepared for it than ever be blindsided by it again. It was a reflex after his recent years. Raised voices meant lost tempers. Lost tempers meant loose fists. No one cares who you are when you're the punching bag.
"Molly." It was almost a plea, but Sherlock Holmes did not beg. Molly continued in the wake of his silence. "You look sad. When you think he can't see you." She gestured to John, and Sherlock knew he'd been caught red-handed. Molly knew. Everyone might know, and it solved nothing.
Plus, with his almost-unfettered access to police reports, it wouldn't be that hard to find the police report from
"Why do you hide from me?" The detective questioned, hiding his hurt with surgical precision. Sherlock refused to let whatever was between them persist. He wanted the canyon between them gone, torn away by their love.
Mary had no idea. She never knew who's name was John's mark. John never let her know. Sherlock never let on, and neither did Mrs. Hudson.
he decided on, smiling at her kindly, almost sympathetically. She was a small mouse flirting with a dangerous, disinterested lion. And the saddest part was that he could hurt her without even a thought. He could kill her with a flick of his claws, and he wouldn't even realize it.
Mrs. Hudson hid her anger well though. After everything she'd been through, she knew not to throw away the chance at soulmates, yet they threw away theirs right in front of her face. She loved Mary- she was the daughter Mrs. Hudson never had- but John and Sherlock belonged together.
"I don't count. What I'm trying to say is, if there's anything I can do—anything you need, anything at all—you can have me. No, I just mean. I mean, if there's anything you need, it's fine."
Sherlock was only nine, and he was being particularly bothersome today, if Mycroft was to be believed. But then again, what sixteen-year-old wanted to spend any extended amount of time with their little brother?
"I'm sorry, there's just a lot on my mind," Watson explained lamely, desperately trying to avoid the topic on his mind. Sherlock didn't need any of his baggage, though John was sure Sherlock could deduce everything about his childhood, his family. If he could deduce almost everything about Harry from a simple glance at John's re-gifted phone, why couldn't Sherlock deduce his whole life after years of knowing him? It doesn't take a psychologist or a doctor to explain why John may refuse to acknowledge his soulmate's existence or possible explanations for why there are scars on his wrists.
, and how was that fair? How was it okay that he could break Sherlock Holmes's heart and not even have noticed?
John didn't really remember much after that. Someone told him he was in shock, but he couldn't say for sure who. Molly was there, holding him. Tears were slipping down her face, but it was like she was muted. No words escaped her lips, just soft, crooning sounds to the military doctor who'd lost his heart unknowingly to the dead genius.
Her scar reminded John of his own hidden mark. He knew soulmates' names became a scar upon their death, but he'd never seen it. His parents were both still alive, and his grandparents had all passed away before his birth. Now, seeing it, he wasn't sure if he could tell the difference between his scars and the scar a soulmate's name became. The pink and white lines were a messy, hateful game of connect-the-dots that no child had played on his wrist.
John stood there, still smiling gently at Sherlock, and Sherlock could hardly remember why he restrained himself.
John started his therapy sessions again after one afternoon when he had just sat in his chair in their apartment, staring at his gun. He couldn't tear his eyes away from the thing that could take away his misery once and for all. He'd debated it before, but never in such earnest.
Sherlock Holmes stared with such an intensity that John could forget that there was even a world around them, others breathing the same air as them, and sometimes even who John himself was. When captured in Sherlock's gaze, the only thing that mattered was Sherlock.
It was just the boys, May, and Timothy now, in this place that was only now beginning to feel like home, two years after moving in. Last year was when the last boxes were finally emptied, and Timothy was happy his family was getting back into their normal habits. He might not be as smart as his children and wife, but he understood people. After the events that had transpired, he'd worried his family, who has never been able to process emotions, might never fully recover. He was glad to see that at least some things would never change in this family.
John wanted to kick and scream and punch at something, anything. Anything that could maybe change fate's design if he hit it long enough, yelled loud enough.
Truthfully, Sherlock could probably never lose his fear. He'd caught himself at times bracing himself around Lestrade, and once even Mycroft; to be fair, it had been a heated chess match. Flinching was all that remained of his self-preservation, all other skills having been lost to drugs and self-hatred. He could probably make it less noticeable, however. He never tried to hide it because no one had before noticed it. If he made it less noticeable, he wouldn't draw John's attention.
"Sherlock?" Molly murmured, unsure herself of Sherlock's state-of-mind. He'd been out of sorts lately, more agitated. While Sherlock had never exactly been even-tempered, he'd never been this volatile either. If someone asked him what he deemed a stupid question, he lashed out viciously with his words about how stupid ordinary people were. If someone questioned him, he'd sardonically ask if they had any better theories or ideas. Molly knew it had to do with Jim- Moriarty- whatever.
When he finally got to the crowd surrounding the downed man, John was incoherent, mumbling about how that was 'his friend,' still not able to admit the truth aloud. He fought through the crowd, seeing all the blood splattered on the pavement. His brain wasn't functioning properly as he dropped down next to the body, clutching at his soulmate, hoping to hold the life within the seemingly lifeless body. The crowd watched on, pitying the poor man who'd lost so much in a moment.
Sherlock, unlike John, showed off his own. Well, not really. But he didn't hide it, either. He saw John glance down at it, but John didn't react. Just looked back at Sherlock's face. Mike was smiling at the two, as if waiting for something to happen, but nothing did. Disappointment fluttered across his face, but Sherlock couldn't exactly pinpoint why. Did Mike think that John Watson might be His John?
his soulmate, John completely abandoned Sherlock in favor of some perfect, safe life with the woman. Mrs. Hudson may love Mary, but John wasn't hers. He was Sherlock's.
John didn't know what his parents were saying. Probably both fervently denying any possibilities of domestic abuse.
It had only been there for a second, a mere grimace, like Sherlock had been bracing himself, but it meant everything to John.
As John watched him, listened to Sherlock's 'note,' John couldn't help but hate himself for not acting on his feelings, for ignoring the names' on both their wrists in favor of hiding his fear. He didn't deserve a man as great as Sherlock, and Sherlock didn't deserve John's baggage. It wasn't until now, faced with potentially losing Sherlock, that he realized just how much he was in love with Sherlock, and how much he hated his father for ruining him.
The police woke Joseph Watson up with a splash of cold water, and he'd come up swinging. The police had to restrain him instantly, and he kept yelling, asking what the
John and Sherlock continued on in much the same way as they had before, only with added, longing glances towards John and his wrist. John continued to treat Sherlock in the same regard- as simply a coworker, a friend. A best friend, really. The ache in Sherlock's heart refused to subside, growing more painful as the days passed. Every day, John ignored his best friend's longing looks and pained glances.
"Are you okay? Don't just say you are, because I know what that means—looking sad when you think no one can see you." Molly almost sounded exasperated, and definitely very concerned. This meek, quaint woman could see right through him. He couldn't lie to her.
John hadn't liked her- felt she used him. And, in a way, she did use Sherlock. She had been trained to manipulate, to use, to never care. She found it hard to even care for her soulmate as she should. Perhaps that's why Irene's name did not grace Sherlock's wrist. It was hard to say.
However, whenever that train of thought entered the station, John quickly derailed it. It wasn't healthy to think such dangerously possessive thoughts. He had no right to Sherlock.
Mycroft had no knowledge of Dr. Watson being Sherlock's John. There was no medical record of the name written on the military man's wrist, despite the military's extensive records on him. It was common for civilians' not have a record of it due to parents' wanting to keep their kids' soulmates private, though sometimes it was noted by the doctors and physicians, but the military usually has it in their file. The military commonly found soldiers' and other military personnel's soulmates. They spent valuable time and resources to ensure that those who fought for their country would never be left not knowing their soulmates.
Quite the opposite, actually, but that's besides the point. He wouldn't deny the existence of love, friendship or sentiment, as he called it- but he was proud to announce that “that particularly appalling parasite of frivolous emotional attachment” did not have its grip on him. He regarded sentiment as a waste of perfectly good minds, addling the brain of its hosts and hindering all that was good in the world. It was a plague, an animalistic desire tearing down humanity for the sheer purpose of- of nothing, really. It was just a disease. Atleast that is what he used to think. but now. now he is not so sure while he lies on his feather mattres. It has been one year since the ambush in Afghanistan. He can still remember it to the smallest detail. it was late in the night as he first heard it. The screams of his fellow soldiers. Sherlock shudders at the thought of it as he lets his mind once again wonder off to that faithfull night in 1880.
Sherlock can not help but smile at the words, he loves Angelo's it is his and John's favorite restaurant. Sherlock is about to say yes when he notice the rain outside. For god sake not again...
John walked in the garden, about to explore the forest when he can see someone coming up to him from the side of his eye.
Sherlock let out a sigh while making his way past a hole in the ground. I can say that I am rather amazed at the calm way in wich he rippled.
I take a deep breath as I put down my book and make my way to my room. There is no use in discussing this with him anyway. He is way to stubborn for that. I let a small laugh cross my lips. That is just Sherlock being Sherlock.
"Let's go John, Lestrade is desperate for this to be solved'' He says as he strides down the stairs.
The man in quistion looked briefly at him, taking John's schedule out of his hand, looking at it before returning it to the sandy blonde.
''We are friends! We aren't supposed to have secrets for each other, now tell me what the bloody hell is going on!''
"My friend, I don't even know what is going on myself, but surely we will pursue this conversation once we are on safe grounds!'' he almost hissed.
"For god sake Lestrade I said I would come by myse-'' Sherlock looks up at the person who made the noise. '' Oh hello John, decided to come home after all?'' Sherlock says half joking.
I stride down the stairs to stand, once again in the opening of the door. I take a deep breath and make my way into the cool London air. Around me I see the world moving on, as always. I remind myself that I don't need to forget the milk. But just when I want to make my way to the market I feel drawn. Drawn to the other direction. I do not know why or how, but I feel like faith has something planned down for me. So I make my way down town, into the other direction. While I walk down the streets I have no idea where I am going. I never go to this part of London. I take a deep breath and close my eyes for a moment. I should have just done my groceries and gone back to my apartment.
He let the suitcases drop unceremoniously to the floor, wincing at the thunderous sound. Maybe for the best if he started unpacking now or he will regret it later on when he wants to go to sleep. With a sigh he lowered himself down to his suitcase and starts zipping open the blue fabric. Nothing remarkable was in it, just a few pair of clothes, socks and pants. He glances at the insides of his suitcase and let's out a huff.
Sherlock snaps out of his own thoughts and turns back to Scott. Seeing the confused look on his face there is no other way but telling the truth.
John could feel a blush hitting his cheeks. Why was he blushing? "I - er'' he clears his throath ''No, no not expecting anyone, just taking it all in, first day you know'' He tries to save himself.
"My dear Sherlock'' I said painting, and out off breath. "Why in heavens name aren't you cross about the beblooded field around us? You look like a child in a candy store!''
"Okay i'll be right behind you in a cap, text me the adress'' sherlock says as he stands up and strides into his bedroom to change.
Nothing came out of him, he just sad there for a few moments, looking at John in shock. After a while it became kind of creepy.
"I tried. But as you know finding an apartment on an army pension isn't that easy. And a flatshare? Each and every single person I met who were looking for one just seemed to dull and annoying.''
After 1 hour the rain finally stopped tip tapping on the cover of the container and after 2 more my tail dissapeared and made room for 2 long legs.
I take out an annoying huff and let the silence take over the room once more. As I clear my throath I try to break the silence once more.
Sherlock makes a run to the wall and takes a long jump up to the wall before disapearing over it. Yes! there is a dumpster, it is his only way to hide from the rest, from John. They can't possibly find out about this. As sherlock quickly jumps into the dumpster and closes the cover he can feel his body transforming. He can feel his bones starting to shatter in his body and his legs becoming one. Once he looks up at his legs again the pain of transforming is gone and he can see his tail. It is blue and purple and makes him think of bruises.
Sometimes you need to take a step back, to take one forward. But those words of reassurance mean nothing in times of war. Every miss step could mean your dead. And so, the sun blazes down on the Afghan sand, yet even in the 37 degrees I can feel the cold sand grow darker beneath me. Here in the second Afghan war I lay with nothing but dead surrounding me and bullets passing me by ever so quickly. My hair quickly becomes matted with blood, sticking to my skin in discomferd. I can feel the ache of pain all over my body and I know I'm running out of time and I feel myself slowly slip into unconsiousness. By this thought I get overloaded with a sence of peace. Die a hero. No more pain. No more fighting, knowing I can finally rest.
After the ambush in Afghan I returned to Londen with my spirits down and my future bleak. Now one year later I still find it hard to look back at the events that found, place that one dreadfull night. The paining screams of my fellow soldiers, the look in their eyes as they meet their dead. More and more people are starting to doubt about the concept of hell. Thinking it is a myth but believe me when I say, that I have seen it that night. Still, I wake up in the midnights screaming and sweating somethimes still hearing the sound of the bombs, the raging sound of a gun, shooting down my men. I can't help but let out a sob every now and then. The things I have seen will haunt me forever.
Lestrade leads them to the body and Sherlock directly goes into deduction mode and get out his magnifying glass. He takes a closer look at the body and can see multiple signs of suffication.
And now next to me, a man I hardly, know anything of. Found it in himself to accept me. I never had a friend, I never found it relevant to have any friends. It brings out to many emotions, attachements wich I am not keen of. But, maybe, for once I could let someone in.
I hastly check the fields around us scanning for a safe way out of this blood bath while suddenly something pops up my mind.
"Uhg, helping people. Dull.'' he says as he lets himself sink into his chair, staring at the celling.
The first thing that I remember after that. Is that I woke up almost completely fine. I couldn't say the same for the other soldiers laying dead on the ground. As I try to stand I can feel my body weaken once more and I fall down on the desert ground. I had not gained my full strenght again yet, bit not good. The enemy could still be around here. I let out a sigh and take a look around me. My eyes wonder off to what once was john's tent now, nothing more but ashes. And then I see a glimmer appearing from the pile of ash. I drag myself to the pile and go through it with my hand. Bloody hell. The glimmer is John's dog tags. So I am right about if after all. Miracles do not exist in the real world... God this is not the time to mourn about it dammit! I am still on enemy terrene. I try to wiggle my legs a bit hoping to fasten the healing process.
As John looked up from his book he could see a raven haired boy walking to the door as the bell rang. Something about the boy way, familiar. Had he seen this boy before? He slowly stood up as he saw the boy opening the door, looking into John's direction once before making his way out of the door.
William blinks and shifts, his eyes are darting from the stormy blue of Scott’s stare to the photo on the wall behind him.
As Sherlock strides through his apartment he anxiously looks at the calander. Tomorrow it starts again. Just like it does every 4 years. God! why does this has to happen to him? Why not Mycroft, the idiot deserves this. Sherlock takes a deep sigh. He will be fine as long as he wont be near the water. It is just for 7 days after all... How hard can it be? The last time it happend he almost had some slip ups but the week had passed by quickly and no-one had found out his secret. Beside himself only Mycroft and his parents knew about it. Well in defence, his parents HAD to know about this because it was going on since he was 4 years old. It had been a burden ever since... And now he was a grown man. He couldn't hide in his apartment for the whole week he had a job to do... certainly it was getting harder and harder for the worlds only consulting detective to keep his private life in the dark now that he was getting more famous by the day... Almost every day the same old story. Journalists approuching him asking him all sorts of questions. Sure he enyojs the attention and that his intellectuel display is being admirred by so many people but in times like this it is just a pain in the arse. Nobody can know about him... nobody can know what kind of a freak he really is. People will start to repel him if they found out... and John... god John he would never want to talk to him again, ever. He would be disgusted by the man Sherlock really was and what he was, was a monster. It is in times like this that he feels depressed... He had been in love with his best friend for over a year now and he knows John could never feel the same for a monster like him... He could never love the thing that he really was. All these emotions all this sentiment is getting to much. All the people who ever called me a freak, all the beatings as a teen on my boarding school just because I was different, all the drugs I have taken to feel only a little bit more human, to feel, to be alive... but what hurts me the most is knowing that John... my John will never feel the same. Oh, if you could just see how bad I am doing right now. All the pain. In a world turned upside down nothing is how it is supposed to be John... And a heavy sadness fills my soul. I keep falling deeper and deeper within myself. And it feels like nothing, not even your funny little ways and your smiles, can show me out. It feels like it is always nighttime and nightmares and never morning. And mostly I try not to think about it, and try to get by, trying to survive. I've gone to Ella and had many secret therapy sessions with her. And by now I have heard pleanty of promises how things will get better but push hard enough and sooner or later the promises all turn out to be empty. I do not want the world to be pulled out from under me again like it did with the drugs oh so many years ago. But at the same time I lack the energy to move on. I feel like im trapped, trapped in my life of secrets. I feel like I am drowning John... All my life deep waters have followed me and I feel like I can not keep my secret life any longer for you... But knowing you will leave me when you know, breaks my heart. And I wish I could tell you all of it and that it wouldn't matter but who could ever love a mermaid.
Sherlock brings his legs upto his chest and glares at John for a minute before letting out a breath and staring into the distance infront of him ''No... It- It's fine really, I mean you already saw alot that night, no use in leaving you in the dark any longer'' he looked into John's eyes again '' You're my friend after all'' a smile formed on both of their lips.
Sherlock looks around him anxiously. He sees nowhere to hide from the rain exept the outsticking side of the roof above the body in the allyway. He looks at the other side if there is a cap nearby but it is to late, the rain is starting.
He let out a groan. He was annoyed with his brother. And how he even knew about the incedent was also a question to be answered.
Sherlock starts pacing around the room. He can still see John being angry and leaving the flat yesterday, he hasn't returned ever since. Why? Normally John's temper would not last more than 3.5 hours at the worst. It wasn't even that big of a fight so there is no reason for him to stay out this long. Sherlock let's out a groan and let himself fall dramaticly on the couch. Maybe a fight with Harry? Who knows, the woman picks up a bottle whenever she gets the chance.
My friend flushes up with pleasure of my words, knowing now, that he is very sensitive to flattery like a woman of her Appearance.
I look up to the man staring at my bullet wound in my leg and can't help but wonder if I'm already dead or still alive.
"This is fresh air, it helps brain work'' he takes in one last bit of his cigarette before throwing it on the ground ''besides, why would you even care?'' the boy glared back into John's direction.
As Sherlock stepped into the good old 221B he could hear John upstairs shouting at someone. Who can it be? Misses Hudson? No she clearly went out for some new shampoo, Gravin? No he can only hear one voice and clearly Graham wouldn't take the shouting without having a say back. Phone? That's probably it.
"Well I did hear it so you better keep it to yourself if you do not want things to be heard'' he says while walking back to his chair with a cup of tea in his hand and his pipe in the other.
"Oh right'' he says looking away from me ''not much really. I live with my sister and her afwull excuse of a husband and devil childeren. Still looking for a job but for the rest, nothing special really.
"I- I am an island creature, you could call it. Monsterous and deformed. Surrounded by people that are the waters that surround me. I'm the creature on that Island of malformity, of chaos and all around me are the still waters of peace. And as hard as I try to go in there. The weight of being this- this monster will put me down and drown me and all while the waters of people watch sink to the deepest part of the waters, the once with no end in it. The waters of people will stay at the surface, they don't have the weight, the weight that I have to bear. So I stay on the Island. All by myself for I can never be with the normal people, I can try, but in the end it will always end up with me drowning. You see John, I am a monster, a monster who tries to be around the normal people. I go to this school everyday since I was a child, hoping to be accepted but I could never be normal, John. I am always the one that stands out above them all, the freak.'' Sherlock let's out a shuddering breath ''I am hurt and shunned into this curse of immortallity, for my thirst of blood can not be stilled.'' Sherlock locks his eyes onto John's ''For I am a vampire''
"Oh for god sake stop sulking both of you'' John says as he pulls Sherlock out from the protectet place.
"Like I haven't done that before'' Sherlock said as he hanged up his coat and made his way to his chair.
"Yes you were!" he says while standing up and making his way to the kitchen. Probably to make himself a cuppa.
John let's out a sad smile as his eyes lock with that of Sherlock. "Sherlock, I know it hasn't been long, but- I want you to know, all those things you make yourself believe you are, a machine, a freak. Those things aren't you. Those things don't define you, you are special, Sherlock. You see worlds where others see only darkness. You see the impossible, the things that can't be explained and like I said, I don't know you for very long yet, but still. I find you special and I want to be your friend as long as you will be mine'' He says with a smile, Sherlock returning it with a weak smile also.
After John got up after again a sleepless night full off nightmares and screaming he wanderd around his little apartment looking for a purpose to get out of the house. When he saw he was out of milk he took a deep sigh and got his coat wich he lazely had trown on the floor the night before. He walked down the stairs and opened the door wich let to the outside world. It was raining, which wasn’t unusual for London. Not at all. The water fell around John, splattering in large droplets against the darkened pavement, running in rivers along the street curbs. Running a pinkish hue just by…
"For god sake" I say frustrated as I walk down the street, making an old grumpy lady turn around to look at me with a stern look.
At this moment I see the man turning around with a confused look on his face. God... it really is him! The bastard did made it out alive after all! I keep running towards him and once I reach the man I take him into a propor embrace.
Sore feet thudded heavily on the sand as John ran, kicking up clouds of fine sand behind him. ''For god sake I should have never signed up for this mess'' he muttered to himself as he ran away from the bullet rain. He should have never thought he could go out on his own, leaving his compagnions, his fellow soldiers behind. But his studborn brain had other plans for him. now here you are he thought by himself. You got yourself in this bloody mess and-. What is that? Just 30 feet infront of him he sees a man in his mid twenties lying on the ground.
The moon cast lateral shadows from the trees, stretching out ahead, as if to point the way home. The air was chill, and it was one of those autumn nights on which he could taste the coming winter. He stopped momentarily, hearing the sounds of the night: an owl hooting somewhere in the distance, the groan of the trees as they rubbed against each other, singing a song as ancient as the night itself. He decided to follow the path, the trees had laid out for him. He continued, and the sound of both fresh-fallen and brittle leaves crackled underfoot, bringing his mind forward to the fire he would enjoy as soon as he got home. As much as he loved being in the nature and the woods, he would love to see the face of his mother and sister again, they should be so worried by now. He promised them he would come back and he needs to keep to his promise.
"I am sure you can not be that bad. Besides, I do not think anyone else would like to share a flat with a traumetized soldier either'' I say with a little disappointment in my voice.
Scott stands up from the bed now. " William Sherlock Scott Holmes-'' He was using his full name now, bit not good.
Never did he think he would get in, it was a private school mostly for the posh and the rich, but they could offer John a nice price since his aunt did them so many years of great work.
Sherlock let out a little laugh. '' Don't be an idiot Scott it will take a lot more to upset or hurt me'' he said with a grin across his face.
As we ran under the desert sun I can see the millitairy base appearing from the distant. As I look next to me I see the extrodinairy man who survived a bullet wound like it had just been a scratch! And I can't help but wonder if after this all our paths will cross again. Because I have to say I am rather in the unkown about this man.
"I would love to join this little chat group, but I have more important things to attent'' Sherlock says, ''I only came here for some forks to-'' Sherlock eyes fell on John.
John follows her tracks, after turning around one more time, looking into the woods. Who was that boy? He scanned the trees one more time and he swears, he could see a glimpse of a human body, disapearing into the shadows. So he was being watched after all...
"That would seem so''. I said with a grin on my face. "Still. I don't understand how it is even possible that I healed in such a short time. I gues sometimes the world remains an impenetrable mystery. But before this, to me, it was like an open book. This event that happend to me today goes in stride with the hard logic, I once found to depent on''. I say while I glance sadly to the sky above me. I never believed in stories about fairy tales, wizards or the power of believe. But now the evidence of it is right in front of me. or rather attached to me.
"Alright then. I must say I have had my eye on a nice comfy apartment in centre of London for a while now. I think togheter we will be able to afford it.''
“I am…” Sherlock lifts his eyes to Scott briefly, then slides them away, feeling the sting of the open hurt and disappointment in their depths. “It was not my intention to keep this from you forever but… it is… complex.” He strides over to the wall that has photograph and looks at it for a second, not  having the courage to turn around and face his friend.
Sherlock takes a deep sigh '' Lestrade I thought you said this was an 8!'' He almost exclaims "This is nothing more than a bloody  4!'' Sherlock says as he stands up and puts his tools back in his Bellstaff. "It was the brother ofcourse'' Sherlock says as he walks a bit away from the body '' idiots'' he mutters to himself. But John didn't seem to think of it as a 4 because the minute sherlock spatted out his deductions he flattered him with some ''brilliants!''. This made Sherlock's cheecks flutter with a crimson blush.
"Uhm..." He clares his throath '' ofcourse... ofcourse I was worried Sherlock, you took of like a maniac!''
As Sherlock takes another look at the calender on the wall he takes a sigh. Today is the day... Ever since sherlock was born every 4 years there was one week that something would happen to him. It has been in his family for thousands of years now. Well the gene, nor his mother nor Mycroft nor his father seemed to be bothered with it exept for him. He heard his great grand mother also suffered from it. Whenever he came in contact with water he would turn, turn into something, according to sherlock self, something monsteres. But in fact, he would turn into a harmless half fish half man. Even the smallest drop of water would turn him so that meant, no drinking water unless it is with a straw. For some reason that did not turn him. No going outside when the clouds are dancing across the sky, to big of a chance it would start to rain and only take baths with the door closed.
“What the hell is this?” Scott’s voice is tight and steady but the photo in his hand trembles as he holds it out towards Sherlock. He is sitting on the edge of Sherlock’s bed.
Sherlock can not help but feel his stomach turn at John's words... in a good way though. John cares about me is all that is going on inside his head.
"Well look at the time'' I say as I put it back into my pocket. "I think it is time for me to go back to my apartment''
As they reached the canteen they sat down at a table, two people introduced themselves to John. Greg and Molly. They both seemed nice, and John could laugh with them but he couldn't help but let his eyes wander around the great room. Hoping to catch a glimpse of Sherlock.
"You just moved here'' he says, looking John in the eyes "You and your family, mother and let's say sister, infact younger sister, moved to this town over a week ago, more likely to escape something'' He scanned John once more ''Or rather someone'' He begins walking around John '' You guys ran away from your alcoholic father, hoping to find a better live here. You are not rich stating by the scent of your shampoo it is an cheap brand so, how did you get in here? Hmm probably connections with the staff, I would say you got a family member working here, who provided all this for you'' He says as he takes in John's smell '' Oh but there is more! You feel guilty, you feel trapped. You feel like you could have prevented all this with your father and that is why you went out in the woods that night. Sure you love nature, but you needed to get away from it all. You feel like you could have done something more but you didn't, sentiment get's the better of you and that is why you saw what you saw'' Sherlock stops in his tracks and looks down at the sandy blonde, waiting for the insults to come.
He takes a breath and thinks back at the events of a few nights back. He still couldn't get that boy out of his head, that stare, those red shinny eyes, what was he? Sure he did some research on the internet, going by the state of what he saw that night the internet threw all vampire shit at him. He never believed in vampires and he wouldn't do so now. There must be another explaination.
"I've been screaming my tits off for the past 10 minutes and you just sit there like a bag of potatoes doing god knows what!'' he exlaims.
God John is so beautiful when he does that. Maybe he thinks the same about me... Only if he knew what kind of monster I am
It is a foggy, cloudy morning, and a dun-coloured veil hangs over the blooded battle field as we try to find a way back to the millitairy base. My companion on the other hand is in the best of spirits, and has a fond smile wiped across his face.
Sherlock turns scarlet at Johns words "D-don't be an idiot John ofcourse I'm not scared for a bit of rain'' Sherlock tries to say in a mocking voice but fails.
"NOOO! WHAT ARE YOU DOING" Sherlock yells as he takes a glance around him. There is no way he can dry this all of he needs to think now! He looks in the allyway and sees a wall seperating the other side of the ally, if he is lucky enough there will be a container on the other side of it where he can hide.
John could feel them slipping into a silence, not good. Come on John, think of somehting to say, anything!
Then he finally heard it, the bell, meaning the end of the class, meaning he could finally go to the lab, maybe doing some experiment on the crips he found yesterday on the school grounds.
"No. No, you see- no stop right there you don't get to do this, this time. You don't get to play the victem and make up some story about how it wasn't relevant to tell me!'' Scott walked out of the kitchen completely forgotten about his coffe mug and let him self fall into the nearest chair. Taking some deep breaths.
John quickly turned around to see Sherlock rolling his eyes and about the leave, as quickly as he came before-
"Sherlock are you okay?'' I say as I snap my fingers infront of his face, trying to get a reaction out of him.
I was about to head back when I saw it again. The man I saw earlier that made me almost lose my mind. I swear to god when I say that he looks exactly like Holmes. I take a closer and closer look at the man walking through the parc and I let out a gasp. It really is him! But it can't be! Did he made it out alive after all? I take a few steps forward into his direction. I can not believe my own eyes! Okay Watson. Breath. This can all be a dream. You will get ya self worked up and before you know it you will be let down. I take another deep breath and let my eyes wander once again to the man who is now almost to far away to notice. But- but what if... It really is him? Screw my thoughts! I think to myself as I set in for a run. I have never ran this fast. Not since the day I met Holmes wounded on the ground. It is nice to feel the cool breeze on my face. And making ways through my hair as I am running.
Sherlock rappedly blinks at Scott's words. The only other person who ever told that he was such a thing is John...
But over the years, Sherlock learned how to control it. So now here he was, on a normal boring school full off dull people.
"I think you might be right John'' He states with a smile on his face "I think you might just be right'' he mummbles into himself.
"So, about what you are-'' he stopped a second, thinking about the words he is going to use next '' I don't care, forget what I said, I already know what you are, and what you are Sherlock, is amazing.'' John said with care. ''That's all I need to know about you, that's good enough for me. We can forget about that night in the woods completely if you want to''
"Can you keep those away from me?" asked the girl sitting beside him, as she pushed her chair away, looking down at the frog in disgust. In her defense, they were rather close to her, and she did have to endure each and every one of his experiments, but Sherlock had told her many a time to squeeze herself into another table setting if it bothered her so much.
Right now the bullet is the cork in the bottle and is stopping most of the blood flow. He shreds a piece of his soldier uniform off and adds preasure on the bullet wound.
"SHERLOCK!'' He can hear John shouting his name, probably wondering where he is. Please god do not look in the container. John will despise me for this.
Sherlock looks up to the sky and sees some grey clouds above them. Crap, he was so taking into all the crime scene stuff he did not pay any attention to the weather.
"Mom-'' he tries but can't quit continue as he is almost out of air ''Mom!'' He says again pushing her away a little.
I can't help but say that I am rather astonished myself about the event. I can already feel my strenght regaining and before I know it I'm now standing on my feet looking down upon the strange man who tried to safe my life. My mind starts their deductions. Short blond sandy hair wich points out he's from the millitairy, obviously, why else would he be here? Bags under his eyes say lack of sleep and problems with his familie. There is also something else in those stormy blue eyes... what is it? Oh shock that's right...
"Same counts for me. But in my case a hell hole'' he says while rolling his eyes at the last words. I can not help but let out a laugh.
"You will not get lost? You will come back before dinner right?'' His mother asks, a glimpse of worry in her voice.
''Look, Sherlock . I'm your best friend, we have known eachother for over 10 bloody years now and whatever you are about to say won't change any of that. I just need to know how it is possible that you are in the same picture as my great grand dad''.
Sherlock was breathing ashes. The very air felt singed and reeked of burning; the raw, brutal stench of bombing, the irritation caused by the powdered rubble of disintegrating masonry was nothing compared to the thick, cold smoke of continuing fire. The base camp was by now a towering inferno and, despite the heavy units and all the soldiers, soon there would be nothing left to save; the rapidly spreading flames were winning the unequal battle. He picked up his gun and went running away from the spreading fires. Shooting the enemies that came across his path. He'd been so wrapped up in his task that he'd not paid attention to the other soldiers and found out soon that he was almost the only one left. He tried to think of an escape plan when suddenly a face popped up in his mind. John. Sherlock did what he tought was right and tried to sneak to John's tent without getting shot or bombed. Once he got there, there was nothing left. everything was destroyed in the rage of fire.
He turns around and walks away with a slight smile on his face. The boy didn't kill him, nor did he cause him any harm. Maybe he will see him again.
I stand infront of him quit baffled about what I just heard coming out of his mouth but I can not help but let out a laugh.
''But... god I need a moment''. Scott said while standing up and walking into the kitchen looking for his coffee mug. So his friend was what? immortal? he heard the familiar footsteps of his friend behind him.
"Oh John! We have been looking everywhere for you!'' John could see tears forming in his mothers eyes '' We were so worried'' she takes her son in yet anothe tight embrace and John can feel himself almost choke.
As John looked once again at his suitcase he noticed he had already unpacked while he was away in his thoughts.
His father then left out of the door, probably to get some more wodka and he could himself getting lifted up by two warm hands. He looked at the source of the hands and saw his mothers kind but worrying face. She said something to him, quit loudly going by how big her mouth became, but all he could hear was a soft 'get your sister and your things, we are leaving, now!'.
"I've got an interresting case for you, it is atleast an 8!'' he says as he tries to get the sulking child infront off him to pay attention ''I'm sure this will tickle ya a bit''
"Oh John, my friend'' he said grinning while jumping over yet another corps we passed by running. "I'm hardly glad about that, don't be dull!'' he exclaimed as he gave me a glaring look. '' Can't a man be happy he made it out off the battle field alive?''
We met the next day again and went to take a look at the apartment. It looked nice from the outside, it was placed above a café owned by the landlady ms Hudsons. The apartment consisted of 2 comfortable bedrooms and a large cheery sitting-room wich was fully furnished. That very night I went back to my old apartment and got my things and the following moring Sherlock followed with several boxes wich were packed with his belongings. For approximately 2 days we were busy unpacking and laying out stuff for the best Décor. When all of that was done we began settling down and accommodate ourselves to our new home.
Is he dead? No, as far as he can tell he is still moving. John jumps forward to the soldier laying on the ground and with a thump he let him self fall beside him.
"I want you to like me John, I don't know why so don't ask me that but I just-'' He let's out a breath.
''Arrgh!'' I let out a cry of pain as I feel the bullet wound that was formed in my chest. Slowly but surely I can feel darkness overtake me.
"Sherlock!'' Sherlock hears coming from the other direction and he immidiatly snaps back to reallity. Lestrade was calling him and by the look on his face he had already done it a few times and was getting annoyed.
"Hello'' John said as he said down beside the boy '' I am John'' He helt out his hand, mentally giving himself a pucn for being to formal, but the other boy gladly took it.
Still, he liked it better than homeschooling after all, sure, the other students thought he was some kind of freak, always blowing things up and doing the weirdest experiments, but the school had a lab. Sherlock's mother and father weren't keen on getting him one, confident that one day they would return home to a dead son and a house in flames.
He let's his eyes wander across the room once more. A desk shoved in the corner next to the window, wooden wardrobe and chest of drawers.
Once I was able to stand up I made my way out of the ruined base as quickly as I could. After wandering in the desert for what seemed like days I came to a village where they offerd me food and a place to rest. But my heart longed for home, for London. So after many attemps to get in touch with the british army I was able to return to Londen after 4 months. Once I was back home I had no other choice but to move in with my half sister for a while since London on an ex army pension wasn't quit affordable. Well for a while, after 8 months I'm still in this god forsaken place of hers with all of her 4 screaming kids to count in for, a husband who clearly has an affair with the woman next door wich my Incomprehensible sister is still trying to deny. And ofcourse a cat who isn't even capable of catching a single mouse. It's tedious to say the least.
Quite the opposite, actually, but that's besides the point. He wouldn't deny the existence of love, friendship or sentiment, as he called it- but he was proud to announce that “that particularly appalling parasite of frivolous emotional attachment” did not have its grip on him. He regarded sentiment as a waste of perfectly good minds, addling the brain of its hosts and hindering all that was good in the world. It was a plague, an animalistic desire tearing down humanity for the sheer purpose of- of nothing, really. It was just a disease. Atleast that is what he used to think. but now. now he is not so sure while he lies on his feather mattres
"SHERLOCK!'' the sound is now coming from closer by, probably next to the container. Sherlock holds his breath, to nervous to make any movement or sound.
"And you were friends with my great grand father, how did that happen?'' scott said while Sherlock was taking place in the chair opposite from himself.
I take a deep sigh and make my way out of the container, making sure I do not touch any wet stones or edges. I make my way out of the allyway and start walking into the direction of 221B. Part of me can't wait to be in my familiar cosy home, sitting by the fire place, experiment on some toes. But on the other hand I'm afraid of John reaction. I did just jump over a wall and they assumed I ran away... Idiots didn't even think about checking the giant container but it all turned out well. What do I say to John?
As I look up at the unknown man leaning over my wounded body I feel myself questioning who this bewildered stranger might be. While my mind wonders off to the man in question I can not help to notice that my wounded leg was already healed by a great amount. Even the man who was treating them let out a cry when he removed the cloth he had pressed on my leg and saw that the bullet wound had vanished.
Oh, if you could just see how bad I am doing right now. All the lost, the pain. I wish I had never joined the army because now, in a world turned upside down and order disapeared. Nothing is how it is supposed to be, and a heavy sadness fills my soul. I fall deeper and deeper withing myself. And it feels like nothing can show me out. Not the cool Londen air nor the laughter of my friends and family once they found out I made it out alive. It feels like it is always nighttime and nightmares and never morning. And mostly you try not to think about it and try to get by. And all the other things seems like nothing compared to just wanting the most important things back again. My old life, my careless soul, my clean Conscience and my friend. I go to many, therapy sesions. And by now I have heard pleanty of promises and they all sound the same. Life will go on, It will get better, John. But push hard enough and sooner or later they all turn out to be empty. I do not want the world to be pulled out from me but the same time I lack the energy to move on. I feel like I am in the dark and I will be trapped here forever. But still I hope for a beam of light that can break the darkness and make me feel myself again. Unfortunately such miracles do not exist. So I have to stay strong and soldier on.
"Those things could kill you, you know?'' John says as he is still taken aback by Sherlock's beauty. It was after their fit of giggles that they decided to get some fresh air, clearly not as fresh it would seem.
His parent's always used to homeschool him. This was due some complications of Sherlock having the need to bite people, drinking their blood untill nothing is left.
He took long strides to the door. Sherlock always sat in the back of the class but always managed to be the first one to get out of the door.
Chemistry was Sherlock's favourite course, which meant very little considering he never paid attention to the lecture. The experiments, too, were dull, only because he had done the majority of them in his childhood, long before even entertaining the idea of going to an actual school.
"Sherlock?'' he placed a hand on the boy's shoulder and that seemed to wake him up a bit as his face returned to normal ''you okay?''
"What do you want'' Sherlock says with an irritated voice, still walking as fast as he can without making a run of it.
"Well Watson, what keeps you busy these days?'' He asked changing the subject. Probably not knowing more of it and in doubt to get it wrong.
In heavens name! This man was on the edge of dying and now there he is, standing up like nothing has happend!
Sherlock stops death in his tracks, making John walk into on Sherlock and almost falls onto the ground.
Sherlock takes a deep sigh and rolles his eyes. And people call him a drama queen. As Sherlock returns to his position on the coutch and returns to ignoring John, John grabs his jacket and leaves the apartment. Finally, Sherlock stands up and paces to the window seeing if his friend really leaves or comes back to sulk a bit more at him. When John leaves his sight he retreats himself to the calander hanging on the wall. It is almost time again... He really needs to work this out John can never know about this... about him.
As I sit down after a long boring walk I close my eyes, taking in a deep breath. When I open my eyes there are still the same old boring streets like always and I sigh.
He took a seat in the back, in one of the empty tables, next to a somewhat chubby boy with brown hair and glasses.
John closed the door behind him, walking to the back of the class, ignoring all the eyes that were upon him. He felt like an outsider, he knew he didn't belong here, he probably was the poorest of them all! How was he ever going to make a friend here?
John rolled his blue suitcase into the room, everything he owned condensed into a bag and a cardboard box. That was all that is left since, that night. With a sigh he places the cardboard box on his bed and places the suitcase just by the door. John surveyed his surroundings. It was nothing special, four walls, painted with a blue colour, John couldn't make the name out of, closing in on him, wich made him feel trapt once more. He hoped moving to this new town, with his mother and Harry would change everything.
"An apartment out of London? No thank you. I like to be in the middle of it all, of the people. Being able to breath in the London air. It is my way of keeping control of the situation.'' he says looking back at me now.
John felt at unease with everyone staring at him but he knew he had to speak up and stand his ground.
They didn't had enough time to pack. He can still hear the rage in his fathers voice, the way he stood above his mother with a candle holder in his hand, threating her, and all he could do was stand there, doing nothing. He was frozen to his spot. He couldn't move, even if he wanted to so badly. It was like the world around him came to a pause and all he could do was trying to remember how to breath. He remembers hearing Harry's screams from behind him. Everything stopped, right there and then. And the first thing he remembers after is a paining sting in his head, it was throbbing and he felt so sick. He could feel cold stone stinning into his back and then it all became clear, time started running again, he was on the floor. His father mouthing something at him, something he couldn't quit make out. All he could hear was a beep from the smack to his head.
"But they do'' I say with a smile on my face "They do my friend and we both are the living proof of that!'' I exclame.
"Yeah'' He said shaking his head with a smile "That is Sherlock, Sherlock Holmes'' He says as they made their way down the hall, to the canteen. '' He is a bit off somethimes but he is quit nice I gues'' he shrugged his shoulders.
"Morning, John'' She says with a fond smile on her face ''Got everything for your first day?'' She asks as she plants John in a seat at the table and gives him some of her famous eggs.
When I glance next to me I can see John looking at me like he is trying to solve a puzzle. I have to say, I am rather puzzled myself but I won't let this show. Otherwise people may stard asking quistions.
As he turned around he could see mike standing behind him, a friendly smile on his face ''Since you're new here, how about you go to lunch with me and my friends?'' Mike offered.
"Kiss me," John demanded, his eyes glinting with a dangerous lust. Sherlock wasted no time. Sherlock had given John everything he had, but now Sherlock took. He took everything John would give him. Sherlock's lips devoured John's, his tongue diving into his mouth like a swimmer who'd been too long deprived of water.
Even if everyone seemed like goldfish to Mycroft, a man like Lestrade could make the racing of his mind slow down. It's what John did to him; it caused his mind to slow, to savor every moment he had with John, basking in the presence of his soulmate, but at the same time his mind would accelerate to take in everything about John in a second. It was like a game of tug-of-war, his mind unsure of what to focus on.
During their first breakfast together, Mrs. Hudson had worn no bracelets, allowing for full view of her wrist, of her mark.
"Bedroom," John ordered, and Sherlock was eager to obey his command. Sherlock strode toward John's bedroom, knowing his to be too messy for the neat and tidy doctor.
"You're hiding like a scared child. You've been hiding since the day we met. You put on a brave face, but you're scared to death. Of me? Of us? I'll never know if you keep hiding, burying your treasure so the world will never see it. You refuse to let your own soulmate see your weaknesses, and I can't keep pretending it's fine, that I'm not hurting. Whatever has caused you this fear isn't just hurting you. I can't keep living with this void- living like this," Sherlock said solemnly, sitting up on his own side of the bed as well.
"When he was dying, he was always cheerful, he was lovely. Except when he thought no one could see. I saw him once. He looked sad," She quickly explained, silencing Sherlock.
The moment Mike Stamford introduced John to Sherlock was the moment John's fate had been sealed. He'd known Mike did it on purpose- didn't tell him who it was for a reason. Mike knew the name on John's wrist. He'd been the only one he'd confided in since he was young. Joseph Watson had always held a strong disapproval for the marks on his children's wrists. There was scarring on their wrists to prove it. He'd publicly believed it to be cases of platonic soulmates, but once Harry had gotten a girlfriend by the name of Clara- her soulmate- they knew it wasn't.
"But Mummy, you don't even use it!" Sherlock shouted, clutching his mother's good silvers. They were wrestling over the silverware in Sherlock's bedroom, the small boy fighting tooth and nail to keep the objects.
Once they solved their next case- the case of Sherlock's own sister- the famous detective retired from his work. He and John both decided that there was too much at risk for them to keep targets on their backs. Rosie couldn't grow up an orphan.
"That's what you say now. But what about in a year, five years, in two decades? Who's to say how you will feel then?" John didn't realize he was crying until his vision was blurry and his cheeks were wet. Sherlock, distressed by John's tears, strode across the room and gripped John's cheeks in his large, warm hands.
Sherlock's apparent death had driven people together and apart all at once. Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade had given in to his mark and Mycroft, abandoning all hope of rekindling the love he'd had with his wife, and he went to live with Mycroft in his spacious home. Mycroft had even convinced him to sleep in the same bed. If they woke up a tangle of limbs, neither quite sure who was cuddling whom- well, that wasn't really anyone's business but theirs.
When John finally forgave Sherlock, finally saved him, Sherlock could have died right then. He would've died happy. John nursed him back to health, and they moved on as much as they could. John and Rosie moved back in, and Mrs. Hudson had been ecstatic. Mycroft and Lestrade had been relieved. Molly was happy for them.
Sherlock paused his examination of some sample, straightening himself after schooling his shocked expression. No one had ever asked him that sort of thing. John was across the lab, not paying attention. Molly was murmuring, her words quiet. As if she didn't want John to know. As if she knew Sherlock wouldn't want John to know.
The chance to stop this from happening had come and gone, but Delilah had been too frightened of the thought of life without her soulmate to protect her own son, and John had been too determined let his mother decide his fate to say a word.
Sherlock's calloused thumbs swept the tears away, rubbing circles into John's skin. John's dark blue-grey eyes stared into the odd eyes of Sherlock. John knew it as heterochromia; however, Sherlock's eyes were much too beautiful to be reduced to that. Sherlock's right eye was mostly blue with swirls of green and one spot of brown above his pupil, while his left eye was more green with swirls of blue. They were swirling voids that John could get lost in.
Not long after that, he began working dangerous cases again. He used it as an excuse to get high, though he never said as much. Lestrade tried to stop him, but Sherlock only shut him out until Greg relented. When John crashed into his life again in the middle of a big case, he was beyond frustrated. However, Mary was useful. Sherlock didn't want to put John or their daughter in danger.
John and Mary began living together in Mary's home, John eager to get away from the constant reminders of Sherlock in their flat. He'd promised Mrs. Hudson to visit frequently, but she was just as much a reminder of Sherlock as their flat was. He couldn't get himself to look at her, to hear her voice. There were a few calls from Greg, but Greg had no idea what to say, and John wasn't sure what he wanted to hear. Molly checked in once a week at first, but that became once a month when John began dating Mary.
John had never anticipated meeting his soulmate. Perhaps that was his mistake. Miscalculating his own luck to be in his favor, to believe he was not on a collision course with some other soul in the world that was supposedly his other half; that he was not destined to crash into some other person at a speed that could break a man's neck and regret every choice that led him to that end.
It wasn't long after when Sherlock realized Mary's deceit. He was torn. He couldn't keep John in the dark in the matter of his lying wife, but he didn't want to ruin John's happiness. John deserved something good in his life. He didn't deserve a lying, murderous wife.
"Well, she was away at the spa. Maybe she wasn't here," Sherlock reasoned, burying his nose in John's neck.
He should be angry. Sherlock had faked his death. He'd put John through hell for months without even a note.
The broken family all went home, and there was horrible beating waiting at home for John that night. Delilah sobbed and screamed the whole night through, but this time with a rag stuffed in her mouth, handcuffed to the couch and unable to help her son anymore.
Sherlock distantly remembered telling the Woman that he never begged, would never beg, but that was out the window now.
He was a man drowning on dry land, yet he did not reach across the widening divide to seek his doctor's aid.
Sherlock's eyes widened, his mouth forming a small 'O.' John wondered if he'd said too much, revealed too much, but he couldn't take it back. That's something his parents had taught him. You could never take it back.
"It's good that Rosie already had supper by the time we had our argument," John muttered, relieved. Sherlock hummed in agreement, nuzzling further into John's throat. Sherlock nipped the salty skin, unable to resist. Until John pushed him away, Sherlock would gulp down this oasis until it ran dry. Sherlock had been wandering this desert for years, desperately searching for what he needed, and only now did it choose to reveal itself to him; Sherlock couldn't leave that haven.
Mary died because he'd mocked and goaded a ruthless woman who'd been backed into a corner. Sherlock hadn't expected for her to try to shoot him. Or maybe he had. It didn't matter now.
Mrs. Hudson had been furious with John. If it wasn't bad enough that he had left Sherlock for some woman who was
"He has the good silver!" May Holmes screamed, pinning her youngest boy to the floor. Timothy sighed, rubbing his face with his left hand- the one that bore his soulmate's name. It was written in cursive with numbers and elaborate equations around it, indicating her love of mathematics. He only wished she hadn't had to give up her profession for the sake of the children, but she'd insisted after... certain developments.
When John told him that he and Mary were getting married and that Sherlock was to be the Best Man, Sherlock was heartbroken. Somehow, he still thought that he and John would come together as they should have when they'd first met. He thought they might finally be able to be true soulmates.
Sherlock had never truly released his feelings, his pining, since Mary had entered the scene. He'd always remained restrained to protect John's fragile happiness. Even now, with nothing between them, Sherlock still didn't let loose. Perhaps it had always been to protect Sherlock's own universe. John was his sun, Sherlock revolving faithfully around him. One small push could send Sherlock flying off into the cold, lonely space or careening into the fiery, burning sun.
And when Sherlock's breath caught, John hearing it, he couldn't help but feel proud that he'd caused it.
Her mark was a scar, the name illegible to John. This sweet woman had lost hers as he did, and John could not help but feel like they somehow matched. Two people who'd lost their soulmates. She said she was born with it as a scar, a mark that her soul would never receive its other half. She'd never been able to read it, and her mother had bought her a golden bracelet to cover it. She didn't take it off until she went to college. John told her his was a newly made scar, and he refused to elaborate past that for a long time. He never took his watch off. Mary accepted that. She'd had her whole life to accept the knowledge that she'd lost someone she'd never met.
He wished he could tell John of his plans, tell him that this goodbye would not be forever, that they would be together when John was safe, and the people who threatened him were six feet under. But he couldn't- not if he wanted John to be truly safe while Sherlock was away.
The drugs took the edge off. They always did. With them, he didn't have to acknowledge that John hated him, that everyone pitied him when they should pity John and Mary for ever having met him. He could ignore the loss of Mary. He could ignore it all.
"I can't promise that we won't fight, that we'll always love each other and be perfectly happy. Some days we'll hate each other, and we'll scream and shout and cry. But I can promise you that I will love you for all time, and I'll never give up on us," Sherlock said gently, leaning his forehead against John's. The blond stared up at his curly brunet, shocked.
So, Sherlock revealed the truth to John, and he left him to decide. John still chose Mary. Sherlock accepted this, and he saved the couple from the venomous, vicious Charles Augustus Magnussen. He also accepted Mycroft's decision to send him off to some foreign land where he would most likely be killed. It was his fate, and John could finally be rid of him and his mark. Everything would be right with the world.
She looked back up at him, her eyes begging, as they heard another yell that was distinctly their father.
"That's because it's only used for special occasions!" May Holmes exclaimed, not loosening her grip as her son tried to twist away from her.
Months later, Irene Adler had waltzed into their lives wearing nothing at all and wielding a I-am-better-than-you persona. Sherlock had been intrigued, if only for her bravado. When he'd seen her wrist, he'd been repentant.
He decided to check up on the crashes upstairs, opting for trying to settle down the problem that has the potential to destroy furniture. He climbed the stairs in a bit of a hurry, guessing from the yelling that it was his youngest son and his soulmate that were having an argument over something.
The two looked at each other, but John just took back his wrist like he normally would and went back to reading the paper. Sherlock
Sherlock, and in doing so, he'd left himself vulnerable. John laid in his bed, staring at Sherlock's peaceful face. Sherlock's dark hair was matted to his forehead, and John had the urge to sweep it away from Sherlock's closed eyes. John let his fingers trace Sherlock's prominent cheek bones and angular jaw, wishing he could kiss Sherlock again, but he couldn't. He needed to maintain distance. He was more than just Sherlock's soulmate, and he refused to be reduced to that.
! But he was frozen, crouching behind his bed, tucked between the wall and his bed frame. Harry was somewhat tucked under the bed, hiding with him, but more out of needing to be as far from their father as possible rather than wanting to be close to John.
"John, I can't correct your past. I can't cure it of whatever happened, but all I can promise you is that I know we're perfect for each other."
annoying. "Do you honestly think 'Gregory' will be any easier to find?" Mycroft questioned his little brother, giving him a deadpan look. Sherlock instantly snapped his mouth closed before some obviously idiotic remark could slip between his lips. A thoughtful look crossed his face, as if he was trying to think up some smart comeback, but none came to him. Mycroft smiled triumphantly.
Sherlock almost wept. He flung himself forward, caring not for grace or restraint or fear or pain. All that mattered was John and Sherlock. Everything else was irrelevant. John caught him as best the stocky man could, the two stumbling back and into their wall. Sherlock didn't care.
He went to his son's room, finding what he had expected to see. His wife wrestling with Sherlock, trying to get something out of the boy's hand. "Dear, I hate to question you, but are you sure this is quite necessary?"
The truth is his mother is a sweet woman who is too weak to stop her husband, but tries to make him a better man.
"You know, my husband didn't like to talk at breakfast either. He preferred silence. That is, unless we were in bed," Mrs. Hudson said, and John almost spat out his black coffee. Sherlock smirked.
"Mrs. Hudson, how many times do I have to say that we are not a couple?" Sherlock's face fell for a moment before he put on his blank expression.
"No, he'll be incredibly special! But he'll be so difficult to find!" Sherlock stamped his foot, his voice reaching a higher pitch. "Do you know how many men have the name 'John', Mycroft?"
Meeting Sherlock Holmes was an end to the era of loneliness, sadness, fear, pain, and independence. It was the beginning of John Watson's end; he just didn't know if the ending would be happy or not.
, John reminded himself firmly, desperately trying to lose himself in Sherlock's attention again. He tried to fake it, to make Sherlock believe he was still invested in this moment. It didn't work. The mood had been ruined. Sherlock had noticed the moment John had lost himself to his own mind once more by the stiffening in his lover's body.
John wrapped his muscled legs around Sherlock's waist, and Sherlock wrapped his arms around John's waist. John's hands explored what John's mind hadn't even dared imagine, mapping out the mountains and valleys of Sherlock's muscles. Sherlock's hands stayed firmly on John's waist, holding the blond man up. Sherlock distantly wondered if John could keep himself up with only his leg muscles, but that would have to be an experiment for a different day.
It was a normal morning by their standards, Mrs. Hudson having made them breakfast during the early hours. John had thanked her, and Sherlock had still been asleep. Lestrade had come in, asking for some help. John woke Sherlock, Sherlock solved it within five minutes, and they sat down for breakfast. John had his morning paper out, reading it at the table- which had been freshly cleaned off by Mrs. Hudson, much to Sherlock's chagrin. Sherlock requested something from beside John for his tea, and John had somehow forgotten to wear his watch this morning. He reached out to give it to Sherlock, his sleeve riding up slightly, and Sherlock seized his wrist with zeal. He shoved the sleeve up more, revealing the messy scrawl across his wrist that held his soulmate's identity.
"I'm sure he'll be handsome and dashing. Intelligent, too. He has to be more interesting than the normal people we are surrounded with. Yes, he will be able to keep up with my mind." Sherlock was talking, more to himself than anyone, but he was pacing their lounge, not allowing for his big brother to have a moment's peace.
He soon met a nurse at the clinic he was employed at, and she made him forget about the grief he carried with him. She listened, and she held him as he cried after informing her of the fate of his soulmate. She'd accepted his baggage with open arms and a caring heart.
They were all falling down the rabbit hole, and yet did nothing to stop it, to end the madness swirling around them.
A situation like this wasn't typical. For Irene to have Sherlock's name would mean he was her soulmate, but she wasn't his. John was. Whether it was Watson or not was beside the point. Someone named John was, and Sherlock couldn't settle for less than him. Feelings had still erupted between the two, as they were designed to, but Irene had been easier to ignore than she should have been if she was his soulmate.
Perhaps it was childish resentment, or maybe childish possessiveness, or spite that kept Sherlock from informing his elder brother of the Gregory he'd met while being a junkie.
John had prayed to a God he'd never fully believed in since then, praying to never meet his own destruction. He'd watched his father strip away his mother's very identity, leaving her only with the knowledge that she belonged to him. John refused to let that happen to him. He was his own person, and no mark on his wrist would change that.
night. Hell, with Sherlock's connections, he could probably get a glance at John's medical records; which there are plenty of, since the early years of his life hosted tons of visits to the E.R. for unexplainable
. He accepted this rejection with as much dignity as he could muster, offered well-wishes to the couple, organized the wedding so that nothing would make their day anything but special (he hadn't counted on a murderer). He even managed to act happy at the wedding, lie during his toast that they were simply best friends, play the violin for them, and offer his protection to the happy couple and their unborn child. With the happy news, he'd departed quietly so that he didn't disrupt the festivities.
Timothy Holmes came home from work only moments later, hearing crashes from upstairs and the news blaring in the lounge of their large home. "Oh dear," He mumbled to himself, putting his coat on the coat rack as he entered.
The EMTs checked him over, if only to make sure the blood wasn't his. They gave him a blanket, and John numbly held it as he cried openly into Molly's shoulder. Lestrade was there, eyes red but no tears falling. He was growling at all his officers, ordering them about. Sally Donovan was forbidden from coming to the scene, as was Anderson. Both appeared repentant, though, even guilty.
In the end, he and Sherlock fell back into their normal pattern, just adding in Mary. It was somehow easier now. Sherlock refrained himself from openly pining, from pushing the envelope. John could focus all of his sexual frustration and love on Mary. Mrs. Hudson just watched them all in astonishment and frustration, shaking her head.
"Molly, please don't feel the need to make conversation. It's really not your area," Sherlock said, cutting her off. His form of mercy, if a bit humiliating. He wasn't saying it for Molly, however. He was trying to save himself, to not have to admit to anything.
Sherlock laid John out on the bed, mesmerized by the sight of John. John stripped with ease, and Sherlock couldn't stop staring at the revealed skin. "Sherlock, if you don't stop staring, I'll take care of this myself."
Mycroft kept tabs on John. Sherlock's friends were Mycroft's responsibility until Sherlock could return.
"You're not truly here with me," Sherlock gently said, staring in John's eyes with concern he'd never shown anyone before. The doctor averted his eyes, unable to maintain his unnerving eye contact.
He disagreed with the late Mary that John would save him, though. John wanted Sherlock to die, too. He could see it in John's eyes that burned with pain, exhaustion, and hatred.
Sherlock knew John wouldn't take it well, that he'd fall into a depression, but John had barely noted the name on his wrist since the two had met, so Sherlock was fairly certain that he wouldn't fall too deeply down the rabbit hole. No, John was strong.
No, not seeing the mark was better. Without seeing it, he could forget. He could imagine them together, happy, alive. He didn't have to remember Sherlock was gone.
John told Mary wild tales from his time walking the streets with Sherlock. She'd laughed and cried with him, sat on the edge of her seat and huffed in annoyance. There had been a fair amount of teasing as well. She was like a balm to John's scarred and burned heart. It was perfect.
Sherlock squinted, obviously unfazed by John's attempt to throw the wool over Sherlock's eyes. "John, you know you can tell me anything. What is bothering you?"
He was happy when John finally released his pent-up rage by beating Sherlock. He deserved it. He got Mary killed. He might as well have pulled the trigger on that heroic woman. He deserved every mean word, every beating, John gave him.
It was quite frustrating, meeting someone with the same name as the one on your wrist, but being unable to see their wrist, their mark. That infernal watch was covering his wrist, and the man's face didn't reveal anything upon hearing Sherlock's name.
But, when Sherlock finally saw his own name on John's wrist, John couldn't do anything. He wouldn't. John wasn't going to get tangled up in the mess that was Sherlock's heart. But, as he heard Sherlock laugh and then saw him smile, he couldn't help but do the same.
John groaned, twisting his head to make his neck more accessible to the curly-haired man. Sherlock eagerly moved along his neck, taking it as an invitation to keep going. John's dug his short, blunt nails into the tight skin of Sherlock's back, moaning loudly. He'd never been this vocal, even with Mary. Somehow, Sherlock released everything John had kept tightly wound in his chest.
Molly had brown hair and a soft voice, reminding him of a meek mouse. John distantly wondered if she was plainly beautiful or beautifully plain.
While this didn't seem out of the ordinary to anyone who did not know Sherlock very well, Molly Hooper could tell this wasn't quite Sherlock. Usually he'd just sigh, or mutter to himself, but remain polite in his own way. This Sherlock had no qualms with making someone cry.
Harry began crying, and John reached out to his elder sister. "Shhh, Harry. Everything's going to be okay," John whispered to his sister, trying to calm his own racing heart.
During their first day of working together, John had met the infatuated Molly. She was a quirky one, putting up with Sherlock's unruly antics. Molly Hooper had also always ignored her soulmate's name in favor of falling in love and choosing her own fate. If she happened into her soulmate and fell in love, all the better. John had no knowledge of whether Sherlock's name was on her wrist or not, but he assumed not, considering that Sherlock did not have Molly's.
The topic hasn't ever been truly addressed. Before Mary, John had completely ignored their connection to the point where Sherlock had to forcibly look at John's wrist to know with certainty that they were soulmates. After Sherlock came back, their feelings simmered barely under the surface, no one acknowledging it. Even now, John pushed it away.
One way or another, he moved on. He got a job at a clinic in the area, and he began eating again, if only to stop worrying Mrs. Hudson. John debated on taking off his watch, revealing his mark for the first time in years- except when Sherlock had seen his mark.
"You wouldn't want to hear about it. Let's just keep the mood light. How about breakfast?" John quickly suggested, smiling at his new lover. Perhaps food would distract him.
It had been a long night. Rosie hadn't slept well, and she'd kept the men up all night; thankfully, Rosie was asleep now. Mrs. Hudson would be gone all day with their neighbor for a spa day, so they didn't get coffee or tea or food until late. They were cranky, and tensions were running high.
John paused at the thought. He'd never acknowledged it. Not really. It wasn't his place, his right, his choice. Sherlock wasn't his choice. Mary was. Sweet Mary- she was everything John's father had wanted his son's soulmate to be. Sweet, smart, accomplished, and a woman.
John made a split-second decision, a determined expression crossing his face, and ran to his bedroom door. He swung it open, hurrying to the stairs. His father was halfway up, his mother crying somewhere downstairs, probably cradling a new bruise. He charged at the drunk; the big man stumbled back, falling down the stairs in a graceless, unceremonious heap.
However, despite their misgivings and ruinous relationship, he couldn't resist saving her from those who had meant to kill her. Perhaps that was why John disliked her so much. She could make Sherlock human- in a way. John was jealous. Every moment she was around, he felt his blood boil. The temptress had no business with Sherlock. John was what Sherlock needed.
"Sherlock, please, you don't have to do this," John begged, staring up at Sherlock on the edge of the roof as he clutched the phone.
More crashes and screams and yells could be heard. She yanked the window up and open, putting one leg out the window. She was straddling the window now, and that's when John's nervous system finally kicked in. "Harry, what are you doing?" John hissed, getting up.
Thus John's friendships began to wither. There was nothing to say, and even if there was, John could never have gotten the words past the lump in his throat.
"s-sure" John let out with a smile, as mike answered with a nod of his head, before they both walked out of the door.
"Oh, sorry it is an easy assumption, going by the state you hold your self. You lean back on your right leg wich tells me you are at unease about something. Going by your millitairy background I would assume that it is about the ambush. I can read the quilt all over your face what tells me you are feeling ashemed you left your fellow soldiers behind that one afwull night. You do not think you deserve happieness because of it. So you do not take the time to take good care off yourself. Your coat is way to big for you what tells me it is probably used to belong to a relative. Who gave it to you out of concern. Because you yourself take little or non care of yourself. You got yourself a cheap little apartment outside of London because even know, you could go for a flatshare and get one in the centrum, you do not feel necessary for a compagnion because you are still haunted by nightmares of the war, stating by the bags underneath your eyes wich suggest little sleep. So what can I state out of all of this? You are still trying to get back on your feet and trying to move on from the war'' he stated.
His mother returned with a weak smile and then looked down at the ground in concern. John let's out a sigh, he get's it that his mother is worried about him, but he can't stay in the house all day, he needs the air, the exitement, the blood pumping through his vains as he walks into the unknown.
Hey guys! leave kudos and commets for motivation! :) If you see anything about my grammar that doesn't seem quit right, contact me about it
Hey guys :) for people who were following this story I stop it and write it all over again because I did not like where it was going. So if you guys are interested, the new story is up, same name, same theme
"John would you stop shouting at the poor device clearly it hasn't done anything to harm you in anyway'' Sherlock said with a bored voice.
At that, the doctor raised his eyebrows in his ‘Sherlock has no clue about the social 101’ fashion (and wasn’t telling that they even
John Watson. His best friend. His …. Bow slipped at the sudden change of thought, distort the note. John laughed gently; and just like that the intense moment was gone. Sherlock cleared his throat, to overplay the lack of concentration.
They’re trying out a cake recipe for Rosie’s party. John has never produced a single edible baked good in his life, so he managed to persuade Antoni that he needed assistance in that regard much more than with cooking.
“For the record, your attitude is getting on my nerves. And actually, I was texting your brother” Sherlock stared at him blankly.
If there was one thing to know about Sherlock Holmes, it was that he really wasn’t the type to stand around and let himself be accused of hypothetical risks that did not occur. There was another thing to know about Sherlock Holmes, tho. He was a fucking idiot when it came to feelings. Sure, he was getting pretty good with showing affection towards his little family and did a splendid job when coping with John’s insecurities. But still. Quintessentially an idiot. He was that much of an idiot, that he didn’t even realize how hurtful the things were that he could say.
John coaxed his friend in drinking a bit more, before he shoved him towards his bedroom door. "Try to get some sleep, alright?" (the lack of protest was one more indicator that Sherlock was utterly out of himself after the emotional outburst). He opened the door and pushed Sherlock gently towards his big bed. He leant against the doorframe and waited for Sherlock to settle, but the detective only turned his head in his direction and gave him a pleading look.
Instead, he caught up on all the years he chastised himself from staring at his flat mate too blatantly. So, he let his eyes roam shamelessly. The wanker had the physic that reminded the army doctor of the marble statues in Rome, and the aura of a masterpiece of a Victorian artist. Combined with the natural grace in his every movement that even made something as mundane as making tea look like a dance, he was a work of art. And oh, don’t even get me started on that arse! (
Somehow, Greg’s throat suddenly felt very dry and he felt the desire to punch every person on the planet who ever dared to call this man a ‘machine’ or ‘heartless’.
John blushed hotly (he was sure, wouldn’t Greg be slightly tipsy, he’d notice straight away) and thought to himself that he’d be dammed if Greg knew that the ‘helping’ included sharing a bed and kisses. To overplay his embarrassment, he took a large gulp out of his new pint.
Shortly after, the soft murmur of an approaching engine indicated the arrival of their ride to Baker Street.  "Sherlock, hey Sherlock" he gently nudged the taller man on the right shoulder. The sobbing had finally ceased and gave way to irritated, short, post-emotional overload breaths. John couldn't wait to get Sherlock some tea to keep him hydrated and a bed to get a good night's sleep.
. That was new. He had been loved before, he supposed, at least from his parents. But he had never heard those words directed at him, not this sincere, not this
He bumps Sherlock’s shoulder lightly with his own, unsure of how much physical contact is welcomed right now. It’s hard to say these days: Sherlock used to surround himself with an air of cold untouchability, but after months of co-parenting it almost seems like Sherlock wants to be near him. There are these lingering touches in the morning or late at night, when John snores off on the couch or prepares tea for them both; these touches on the back of his neck or the crook of his arm paired with that twinkle in Sherlock’s eyes that he never quite knows how to place.
Everything about Sherlock in those moments was so careful and loving, that John wanted to cry. Nobody had ever cared for him like that. Most of the time, he didn’t think that he deserved this care that Sherlock lavished upon him. But it felt so
In conclusion, there was a variable he hadn’t tested yet. In conclusion, maybe this time it could actually
“Stop smiling like that, it’s sickening” Greg looked up from his phone and was met with Sherlock’s calculating stare, since his focus shifted from the files to the detective. Greg gave him a wide toothy smile in reply.
The woman had been beautiful. John liked beautiful women. John liked women, in general. Yet, he had kissed
“Hold ON a moment there” It wasn’t so much the suddenness of the exclamation, but rather the tone with which it was uttered that startled all the Yarders (Anderson, Donovan and Lestrade)in the room, as well as the world’s only consulting detective. John Watson - good-natured mate, gentle doctor, competent criminal catcher, extraordinary blogger, loving parent – had another side hidden within himself, a side which he chooses to keep hidden on a daily basis. This side had not much in common with the John Watson people knew, minus the name. No, this John was Captain Watson – a man who deserved great authority, a soldier who did not hesitate to kill, a man that could be frightening if he wasn’t met with the respect he deserved. Sherlock had heard the Captain’s voice before; it was proven one of John’s most useful skills when catching criminals. There was something about this voice which made it very hard to disobey. John addressed him with this voice on some dreadful moments in their lives; moments filled with violence and grief and death and frustration. This voice hurt Sherlock more than any of the few punches the doctor had given him. John had never used it on him again after they became a couple.
Sherlock had grown more sensitive to the fragility of John’s mental state and made sure to make the doctor comfortable with himself. He helped John
“I know you don’t mean it. The Work dominates your mind, I get it” He nudged Sherlock playfully in the side, hoping to ease the sudden heaviness of the mood. He wasn’t fully sure what was going on, but it felt big and severe and overwhelming. “I’d just be happy if me and Rosie could have a little room in there, too”
What Sherlock should do was turn around, make some more tea to leave on the counter, give John some privacy. What Sherlock did was to grab the almost cold tea he already made as soon as he realized John was having a nightmare, head upstairs, and knock at John’s closed bedroom door. There was some shuffling of sheets inside, but otherwise he was met with silence. Deciding it was better than resistance, he opened the door enough to slip inside, and closed it again behind himself.
“I’m scared” he admitted quietly. “I’m scared whenever you’re not around that you… you leave again. Because I’m… I’m broken, aren’t I? I thought I got myself fixed but… it feels like breaking all over again. I” he hiccupped quietly, letting out an almost pained sound. “I should be mad at you, for deceiving me. But I’m not, Sherlock.”
. How he still managed to be smug, in a breathtaking moment like this, was beyond the lovesick doctor. “Took you long enough” A pleasant rumble against his parted lips was all it took and John lost it. Before he could stop it a, definitely not high-pitched giggle, small laugh (which bared close resemblance to a giggle…. Only it was manly as hell) bubbled in his throat. The look on the detective’s face was absolutely priceless. “Are you…. Are you in shock? Shall I get the blanket-“                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 “No” John tried to regain his composure, but the happiness spilled out of him like a waterfall. Somewhere deep inside John entertained the possibility that he had gone completely bonkers. But oh, he didn’t
“And presuming she makes some friends we can start going to those playdates. And-“ here he hesitates for the first time in well over an hour, breathing still fast and labored from talking so much for so long. He flushes a little bit. He can’t remember the last time he talked so much with Sherlock while being sober. He’s usually the quiet type.
Greg sighed happily, while he pushed himself into a standing position. He took his time to check his hair with his camera app, feeling warm excitement bubble in his veins. Turns out this evening wouldn’t be so bad, after all.
“I KNOW, Sherlock. I’m not talking about giving up The Work. I know The Work is everything, but… there is a difference, don’t you understand? Fighting crimes can be dangerous, that’s part of the deal. But,… but carelessly running off to play the hero? That’s just….” He exhaled again, shaky. “I’ve been to your funeral once, I don’t intent to go to another one anytime soon”
“This is me apologizing” The doctor offered, sitting down on the bed next to his friend. “I did not treat you right yesterday, and for that I’m very sorry”
it was). Antoni, bless him, just continues the hug unbothered by their surroundings, and only lets go when the timer for the oven goes off ten seconds later.
Another hour of sweet words and gentle touches later, they laid in bed, closely cuddled together; Sherlock’s body partially splayed over John’s and John’s arms encircling his waist in a secure embrace. Just as the doctor was dozing off, Sherlock began to draw small circles on John’s t-shirt clad chest.
about Sherlock’s life! That in itself wasn’t a quite noteworthy revelation, John had proven this point during their years as flatmates and working partners countless of times. The new factor laid in Sherlock’s own exclamation. He had merely pointed out the fact that he technically never asked anyone to save him. He was perfectly capable of saving himself (most of the time).
with this woman -a nurse, Irish, 30, a real redhead, breathtakingly beautiful- , while she cheerfully gave him a carefully folded piece of paper, while he hugged her before she vanished through the exit doors.
“Not wearing any,” Antoni murmurs, still mostly to himself. Nobody seems to be frazzled by the statement.
Sherlock shrugged and drew him in for another kiss, enjoying how the light of the fire bathed him in a warm glow that only amplified the warmth he felt in his heart.
“C’mon” Sherlock whispered, his voice underlined with a soft, caring tone it didn’t usually held. It was different, it was intimate, it was special. “Take a shower. You’re drenched and freezing”
John stays silent because he doesn’t really know what to say. All of his life he had assumed (and other people assumed for him) that all he really needed in life was a happy marriage with a beautiful wife and fantastic kids.
He doesn’t want to make himself unhappy over the concept of normative heterosexuality. He wants… he wants this.
about John Watson- annoyed by his inability to put his emotions into words that weren’t sounding tremendously childish.
Of course, British sensibility keeps him from voicing any of those things. Instead he smiles a tight smile which he hopes comes off as polite.
“Your daughter is so cute!” Karamo bends down to Rosie’s eye-level and waves to her. The baby waves back and gurgles.
After solving the case in merely 8 minutes (Drugstore tranquilizer shattered around, child-safe appliances although no toddler was present, weak attempts to hide demolished furniture underneath corny items of decoration- it was painfully obvious), Sherlock took it upon himself to get the girl with Lestrade and another young officer (mostly to avoid dull paperwork, really).
“I hear you, mate. From what we’ve heard your life has been kind of a shit show, pardon my choice of words.”
“It’s just that…Sherlock, I’m confused, too. And terrified” He gave a shaky laugh. “I’m just me, and you’re you and that’s-“
Before John can get a word in, they’re bullying their way into his living space in a big cluster, while he’s distracted by several bone-crushing hugs. Rosie- whom he had strapped against his chest out of convenience- blubbers happily at the intruders.
John’s stomach gave a painful churn that had nothing to do with the beer he consumed. He had known the detective long enough to know when he attempted to flirt. And this, was very much flirting.
Just as he sat down on the bed to nurse his own cuppa, a freshly showered and sheepish John entered the room. He scratched his neck, standing in the room a bit undecided. Sherlock patted the free space beside him, giving his best friend a reassuring smile. John complied clumsily, sat down, sighed.
John, bless his heart, interrupted the Sherlockian triad, skillfully trapping the detective’s animatedly waving hands in a firm, warm grasp.
Mycroft visits. The brothers share a moment that was well overdue. John Watson saves the day once again.
Sherlock swallowed audibly and concentrated very hard on the circling motion of his fingers. “Once ... you know, Rosie’s out of the house. Once we’ve retired” he explained hurriedly, as if embarrassed of thinking about their future together.
. And Sherlock mattered. John suddenly realized that it wasn’t at all the lack of initiation on his part that bothered him so much. He was scared of fucking it up. Sherlock was too damn important to him, he didn’t want to lose this man again in his lifetime, so naturally he was nervous about something that would alter their relationship so through fully. But it was alright…. Right? They both wanted this… right? John took ten quiet breaths, hand still on the doorknob.
“Well that was…. Something” John chuckled good-naturedly while he furiously wiped some golden glitter from the kitchen counter. This afternoon Sherlock had been called for a pretty uneventful case (he went anyway, because he technically still owned Greg for the babysitting) and John and Rosie were left to their own devices. John, currently obsessed with teaching his curious little daughter about absolutely everything, came up with the glorious idea they could so some “science”. Not the Sherlock-y kind of science, mind you, with all kinds of poisonous chemicals and explosions, but a tame kind of science. He consulted the internet (mainly one of the Mummy-blogs he secretly subscribed to, because damn those Mums really knew all the little nips and tricks) and came up with something Rosie was absolutely
He had been stabbed before; he wished he could be stabbed again, if only his heart wouldn’t hurt so much. If only he could stop to cause John such deep agony. This… everything of this was his fault. The realization hit him harder than the actual punch.
He just knew that he couldn’t wait to spend every day for the rest of his life with his little family.
He groans quietly, and Sherlock’s emergence from the bathroom interrupts that dangerous spiral he’s about to fall into.
“I’ll be back soon” he kissed his sulking detective on the crown of his head. “Oh, and in case you go to bed before I’m back, don’t turn off the alarm, yeah? I have the early shift tomorrow”
The days following after that night rushed by in a blurr. Lestrade had called with another case early in the morning after the first time they had been intimate, a case which took up almost all of their time and attention. Yet, Sherlock seemed to be more considerate, seemed to take his time every once in a while- to stop and look at John, to give him a smile. Every time it happened, John’s heart made a leap towards his throat.
Easily, Sherlock settled behind John, sliding his arm around the doctor’s waist and nuzzling his face into the neck before him affectionately. John stirred and mumbled sleepily, pursing his lips.
He could lie. He could at least try it. But he was tired and Sherlock was finally there- the only thing he had needed for days and now he was holding back solely because of his pride. His tries would be in vain anyway, since Sherlock had probably figured him out within the first 30 seconds of his appearance on the crime scene. This wasn’t about knowledge. This was about trust. Something, he had to admit, he still struggled with in this relationship. A painful reminder that although the fall remained nothing more than a distant memory most of the time, it still lingered underneath the surface. Not that they ever talked about it. Sherlock had explained himself and somewhere along the lines it suddenly was all “fine”, because there was Mary, and Mary kept him sane when Sherlock went away; but he came back and the tables turned, and once again the only safety under his feet was pulled away violently. The last year had been a confusing mess of suddenly facing the wonders of parenthood alone; of re-discovering negative emotions he thought he had overcome by then; of the blooming relationship between him and his best friend. John Watson was a simple man. Somewhere along the lines of cases and surgery and sorting out his own emotions, he sometimes got overwhelmed. Sometimes, the world was simply too much. The doctor felt the feeling of helplessness seep through him and chill his insides as he met the worry in Sherlock’s stormy eyes. The least he could do was being honest when Sherlock had figured him out.
“If you call me ‘Sherls’ one more time, I’m deleting all of the Superhero-movies you made me watch!”
Without another word, he stormed past Lestrade and was gone. Sherlock stood there, simply blinking for around 30 seconds. All his thoughts came to screeching halt when he watched his partner disappear, disappear to get home without him, to have dinner without him, to read Rosie a bed-time story without him, to sleep in their bed without him. No. This is not right. That’s not the correct way to end this argument. No. That’s not the way any day was supposed to end. John always forgave him at the end of the day. They have had fights before, but they always ended them when they cuddled together in bed and John would tell him that it’s ‘okay now’, because they were together and that was the most important part, but now they were NOT together and what if John WOULDN’T cuddle with him or-NO, this is not right.
“Look” he tried, now softer, gently petting Sherlock’s arm as a peace offering. “I just don’t want to drag this”- he gestured between them- “out in the open yet. I don’t want anyone to know we’re… you know”
“Greg told you…. Right?” he asked with a calmness that he didn’t feel. The was the tiniest nod against his collar.
all the different emotions, in such exertion that he just wanted to catch a breath. A breath he needed to keep running.
“I’m sorry about this” he waved his hands around for emphasis, gesturing between them. Sherlock opened his mouth to protest, but John continued. “You shouldn’t have to put up with that. With me. I mean, honestly, I’m having troubles keeping up at the best of times, but like this….” He trailed off, angrily frowning at his tea. “I’m basically useless. A stupid broken toy soldier”
And what the hell was he feeling, anyway? Unlike the genius, John couldn’t determine someone’s emotional history right off their shoelaces. He was playing the guessing game here, and although he opened up considerably, Sherlock was still unreadable at the best of times.
“Or by the sea. One of those romantic land houses you secretly adore” He stopped the motion and raised his eyes shyly. The fond smile his doctor gave him was enough to make his heart do funny things in his chest. As John cupped his cheek and just continued to smile at him, Sherlock suddenly felt nervous and bit his lip.
look while they were mingling around the party-goers; the look like John was the most brilliant thing he ever laid his eyes upon.
In an explosion of frantic energy, John Watson burst through the door and Greg silently visited that thought again, holding onto it with a bit more force. John was carrying two large bags and his daughter; looking like he had been through a domestic warzone (and Greg would bet his badge that it had nothing to do with getting Rosie travel-ready).
Another two hours had passed, and it was now nearing ten. Staring off into nothing for an undefined amount of time, the doctor realize that he wasn’t angry anymore. In fact, he felt a little bit guilty (he didn’t need to scream at Sherlock like that) and a great deal of loneliness (the quietness of the flat reminded him of a time he’d rather not remember). It was the first evening they spend separated since Sherlock had surprised him with a kiss and changed their lives. It was a weird feeling, being alone in the late hours of the evening; without the silent companionship, without another warm presence, without the pleasant rumble of a deep baritone voice. John sighed. Shook his head. Sighed again. Debated pouring himself a finger of whiskey. Vowed against it, got up anyway to get the bottle. Another half an hour passed with John deeply buried in his own thoughts, sipping the burning liquor from time to time. Finally, he let out a long exhale that sounded way too loud in the quiet flat, and fetched his phone from the coffee table.
A sense of consideration he had never known before washed over the detective, when he held his best friend, a little after 4:30 on a Saturday morning, and there was nothing but moonlight, and promises, and blankets; blankets surrounding them, cocooning them, keeping them safe. John calmed, eventually. Sherlock patiently switched between rubbing the sore muscles of the doctor’s back, and cradling his head securely. The erratic breathing against Sherlock’s neck slowed periodically, until it was nothing more than a warm shudder. Everything was damp and clammy at this point, causing John to shiver a little in the cold air of the room. Noting his bloggers state of uncomfortableness, Sherlock tried to loosen the embrace, but John persistently buried his face deeper into his friend’s collar.
The quiet murmur of the rented mini-van was the only sound in the air on the beautiful summer afternoon; the afternoon Gregory Lestrade would take his family on an awesome trip.
Finally, he turned his head to look at Sherlock. Something constricted in Sherlock’s chest when he saw there were some new unshed tears gathering in the doctor’s eyes. He shouldn’t be relived hearing it. John had all the right to be mad at him. To hate him, even. It would probably make things so much easier. But he didn’t. And Sherlock felt like his heart was bursting with relief.
It is not like he hated going to a private school now, but at his old public school he was always allowed to wear whatever he wanted.
As Sherlock feels the first drop of water hitting his head he curses deep with in himself. He dries it of as quickly as he can because once the water has hit him, he has 1 minute before he transforms into the merman, unless he dries it off. Once he dried it off he quickly ducks under the little roof sticking out in the allyway above the body and tries to hug the wall so he won't be hit by the rain.
"I am fine, don't worry!'' He looked in his mother's eyes ''I just lost track of time, and I am sorry for that but-''
Maybe he made it out alive? No. Don't be such an idiot miracles like that do not exist. This is what you get for letting yourself open for sentiment. I should have never made friends with the man because all I feel now is hurt. as I feel the tears prickle in my  eyes I feel a flash of pain going through my chest and before I know it I am laying on the ground.
He stopped dead in his tracks. Whatever it was, it sounded like it was in pain and John could feel his blood starting to pump.
"HEY!'' I hear shouting from the distant. It can't be for me. Who would save me? I'm sure my fellow soldiers have flight by now, by dear god why won't they let me rest.
Tears are rolling down Johns cheecks as he closes the front door and makes his way up the stairs once more... when he enters the common room he let himself fall down on the floor placing his face in his cold hands and lets out a sob. As the tears are filling up his hands he looks up and let his eyes wander to his bedroom door. He doesn't hesitate and gets up taking four long strides before reaching the bedroom door. As he enters the room he goes directly to the drawer besides his bed and opens it hastly. There in his old wooden drawer lays his revolver. He takes it in his hands as he looks at it closely. So many man he killed with this... so many friends he could have saved with it. He let himself fall on his bed and looks up at the celling. He takes a deep sigh. When does the path we walk on lock around our feet? When does the road become a river with only one destination? Dead waits for us all in the end. And sooner or later we all have to face its beauty and horror. He clenches the gun in his hand. Where did this all go wrong? He rolls over to his side and looks out of the window. The rain tickling down the glass wich forms a Reassuring sound. Once more he lays his eyes on the gun in his hand. He can't do this. This life that was given to him, he can not waste it. My soldier friends. Who died for me, with their dead the have put a value on my life. One I do not know how to repay. But dead is not the answer. So I carefully put the revolver back into the drawer with a long holding sigh. As I look out of my bedroom window I see the rain has stopped. I can't help but let a out a little laugh. And as I straighten my back and walk back to the common room I can't help but wonder that maybe this will be a new beginning for me.
"Oh don't look at me like that you old tang! You clearly aren't mad at me but at your hairdresser going by your right sleeve'' Sherlock sput out his deduction. The old lady gasped but walked on quickly. How was he ever going to explain this to John?
My compagnion's features broaded into a grin ''But I am more than ready to find out. Like you said in Afghan my dear Watson. You would love to help me figure out how I survived that bullet wound. I should let you know the same happend to me at the ambush. I got shot. In the chest non the less. I was in no means to survive such wound. But I did. The next morning I woke up with my health completely in tact. The bullet wound again, Disappeared.''
"You better shut your mouth if we don't want to be pierced by the enemies bullets my man!'' he almost whispered while checking his surroundings.
"Oh don't be such a baby Sherlock it is just a little bit of rain, it won't do you any harm'' John says trying to be symphatic.
Sherlock let his gaze wander for a short time to his compagnion but then quickly faces back to the wall. He stares, stares at the photograph. He knows every smallest detail of that photo. He has spent many an hour gazing at it. He knows his own face is smooth and impassive as always, eyes a practised blank. He is seated with his legs crossed in fine Victorian attire, but it is the man stood behind him that Sherlock’s eyes are inevitably drawn to. John. His old compagnion, his old friend and who turns out to be Scotts great grand father, shit, he never thought the universe would be that lazy.
Sherlock's immediate impulse was to say something back, something snarky, something that would put him in his place, but then again, this was one of the few teachers who didn't hate his guts yet. He couldn't afford another detention session, to boring.
"I am not a circus animal or any of that kind, John!'' He let's out, coming across a bit angry. "See, I know I seem like a freak, a machine, the one tha out smarts everyone else!'' Sherlock removes himself from the bench and starts walking around ''See, that's who I am! That's how I go around in my every day life! By deducing people, trashing my way around!'' He let's his arms reach up to the sky like a prayer before letting himself fall onto the bench once more.
"HEY MATE!" I look behind me and see some of my fellow soldiers making their way out of the camp. The one who called me waves his hand for me to follow along. I quickly stand up and run as fast as I can. Once I'm with my fellow soldiers I can't help but notice that we are clearly outnumberd and we do not stand a chance against the enemy.
https://www.wattpad.com/433649834-the-secret-life-of-sherlock-holmes-secrets-to-hold Also on wattpad :)
He heard the scream again, he was sure now, that it probably belonged to some kind of animail and he became curious.
He would start his new school within just a few days. School year had already begun and he was very gratefull that St Benedicts could see to let him in, this all ofcourse thanks to his aunt, who worked there as english teacher.
I can't help but think the same, there is no way that someone would survive this ambush. And since we were still on what is now enemies grounds we have to think fast and move on. As we make our way into the Afghan desert I take one last look back and say my apologies for the ones we have to leave behind, including my friend.
John? No, his footsteps are more light and have got more of a pace to them. No these are Graham's, Gavin's? Case then, splendid! Just what he needs when he is in his merman week.
"Friend?'' Sherlock let out, and if John hadn't been sitting so close to him he wouldn't have heard the soft whisper of the blue eyed boy.
Hello guys,hope you like this story so far, like I said before, it is my first time writing a fanfic, I would love some feedback!:)
“Sherlock!” his voice cracks through the air, sharp and frayed at the ends, and Sherlocks eyes snap to him instantly. It has been some time since he has seen him this angry. He knew he couldn't keep his best friend out of this, he hoped he would have some more time, to think of a proper solution or excuse but faith seemed to have other plans.
"You never saw anything, you never heard anything, you have never seen me before this day and if you will convince anyone other wise'' He looks around for a minute, making sure no-one is actually listening '' The same will happen to you as that deer, understood?'' He says in a dangerous voice.
''Sherlock, like I said before, there is nothing that could change our friendship. You are my best friend and nothing can change that.'' Scott said while shifting forward in his chair trying to comfort his friend with his words. Sherlock exhaled and looked him in the eyes before looking out of the window thinking about a world long past time.
"Nothing will ever happen to me'' I mutter to myself as I put my hands in my victorian attire. I let my mind wonder of looking for a distraction off this dull life. His mind came to set on his old friend or better to say dead friend, John. Because let's be honest there is no possibility he survived the ambush. I can't help but be annoyed by my thougths. I smack my head trying to change the subject but it doesn't works. I sigh and stand up. I wish I would have never attended the british army this friendship has made me weak. At that point I stand up and make myself ready to once more stride through the streets of London.
"Alright, that is alright. Just so you know... I am here and you can always talk to me'' John says with a little smile.
"I consult the police John! I am not one of them. I purely stay for the murder cases, it is the only interresting thing going on at yard'' he says with a bored voice.
At this moment I see the man turning around with a confused look on his face. God... it really is him! The bastard did made it out alive after all! I keep running towards him and once I reach the man I take him into a propor embrace.
"Because you are my friend, my best friend for that and I... Well I care about you, Sherlock'' John says, with a hint of pink on his face.
I'm baffled by the man and can't help but wonder who this fellow is and how in lords name he is still alive and well.
''Poor diet? bad condition? What the hell Sherlock! I'm perfectly fine you are just looking for an excuse to change the subject!'' Scott exclamed.
"Well my fellow, whatever this mystery is I would he honored to solve it with you''. He says as we stand still. Why are we standing still? I check my surroundings. Ah... this must be his tent.
"Ah don't be like that sherlock, it is just a little bit of rain'' Lestrade says as he joins the conversation.
"Like I said, my dear friend, it's a rather long story and you may not like the things you will hear about me. I haven't always been the man that I am on this day. We all have a past that haunts us on our every sunny day and I don't want your emotion to cloud your judgement.''
"Better, I'm getting kind of annoyed by all your fridge experiments John says with a half smile crossing his features.
"UPSET?'' Scott exclaimed, letting out a small annoyed laugh. "why would I be upset?! My best friend whom I tell EVERYTHING kept such a huge secret for me. Why on mother earth would I be upset!'' he exclamed once more.
There was something about his eyes, they were different now, they were blue. Not a fire-engine red or a cornstalk yellow like they were before, no. His eyes were blue but not just blue, blue beyond blue like the sky on a sunny day. A blue he could spread his wings in and fly away forever. That blue devoured John. And suddenly, all his doubt in his life, all his fear and worries seemed nothing, compared to that blue, a blue beyond blue that would change the rhythm of his heart and make it skip just a little to fast. John started to understand the impossible, the unknown, just by those capturing eyes. Never did he thought he would fall this quickly, never in his life, he felt so sure about something like now.
"I'll have my leave now'' he says as he smoothly turned around and makes his way back to the entrance of the canteen.
Sherlock rappedly blinks at John's words. His brain, stuck. People normally don't talk to him for this long let stand alone compliment him.
"Never like this Sherlock!'' John shouted, shacking his head ''never like this'' he said in a more silent voice.
John happily accepts the eggs and starts working them inside ''Yes'' he says, eggs still filling his mouth.
As he hears footsteps of people passing by the container and dissapearing into the distant Sherlock gets out his phone and the waiting progress begins... He will need to wait for the rain to stop and for himself to become dry before he can even consider going back to his apartment. Sherlock takes a deep sigh. John will never love him like this... even love him at all! After the fall... after all they have been through... nothing has been the same. John still is mad at him about it. How can he not? I shouldn't have left him in the dark.
Shifting the books from one arm and into the bag on his shoulder, John pushed his way through the large doubles doors and into the main lobby. He has already been given everything he needed, his schedule, books, everything. but the first Monday after the weekend left him feeling just a bit unsure, as he looked around. Everyone who walked past, other boys and girls all dressed the same as him, already knew one another. He knew nobody hear and he already became to feel like an outsider on his first day.
"The things you can do are huge! Do you get that Sherlock? You could help people, alot! Being immortal is not something that happens to everyone on a daily bases'' I say
John followed the sound wich let to an open place in the forest. He hid himself behind some bushes. All was silent now. The sound had disrupted the other denizens of the night, and had made the woods cautious, as if they were holding their breath. He made his way closer slowly, crouching slightly in order to conceal himself in the underbrush. He peeked his head above the undergrowth and saw the source of the screams. A deer, but the one thing wich drew his attention even more, was the boy sitting above the deer, It looked like he was, biting it? He made his way even closer and could see the boy more clearly now. The boy, who was probably around John's age going by his looks, was sitting on the ground with the neck of the animal planted in his cupid lipped mouth. What was he? Why did he do that? John's eyes scanned the boy even more and he could now notice the raven curled hair and the high cheekboned face and John could feel a flustering feeling in his stomach. He was enchanted by this boy, he wanted to see more of him so he placed his hand even further wich made some of the leaves, under his touch crack.
"Yeah you already told me that, but you cant threaten me like that, Sherlock'' It was John's turn to move in closer now ''Tell me what you are, you can trust me''
After what seemed like another hour of impatiently walking through the woods, with a feeling of being watched with every step he took, he finally could hear some familiar voices in the distant. He ran towards the sound and could see his mother and harry both with pocketlights searching the woods, they looked so worried, so scared. John gave him a mentally punch in the gut for making them feel that way but all that was lost as soon as his mother took him into her arms.
