So yeah, overall, there is no muss, no fuss there. But raising a child full-time is completely different from having Morgan only for one or two days. Especially when the said child has Pepper’s wit and his charm and can run 1.6 mach per minute like she accidentally also got the super-soldier serum. Also, she can play Steve like Paganini played violin so maybe she also got something from her aunt Nat. Who knows? Everything is possible, right?
“She’s your blood,” Steve points out stubbornly.
A few hours after that, Steve learns that Tony really, fully meant what he said. They are back in bed, yes. But they are freshly showered. It’s a warm night after all. The windows are wide open and humid air bursts inside the room with the wind that carries breeze from the ocean. The soft curtains move rhythmically with each gentle blow, bringing in the sound of waves crashing against the shore. The space is filled with this soft hum and smell of an upcoming storm, but the air is still heavy with the expectation of something coming. It might come together with the dawn, but it also might not come at all.
Tony clicks on the first one and can’t hold a gasp. There might have been another reason for the lack of light entirely, because even though he suspected it, even though he counts on it, and
“I’m always very delicate,” she confirms, nodding along with Tony.
Tony laughs out loud, but he falls quickly silent when Steve rolls his pants down and follows the fabric with more kisses. One on the hipbone. One lower. One more at the joint of Tony’s leg.  He traces a well-known pattern of freckles with his lips back to Tony’s navel and presses his face again into the hard muscles of the lower abdominals, taking another deep breath.
“I do,” he says finally and states, “But you don’t. Why?”
He nudges with his nose at Tony’s skin just above the belt, breathing in deeply. His mouth follows. He kisses it softly. His lips only barely trace their way up as he glances back at the man.
And Steve has enough of it. He really does. He feels like he’s the one who went back to the past, again facing someone who in his head changed a very long time ago. And yet here is Tony, arrogant, self-obsessed and with an ego so big that it can’t be compressed even in a house as big as this.
“FRIDAY, do you have the recordings?” Tony says instead, nodding at Bruce. “Ready?”
“That
Peter does untangle himself but only a little. He stays at Tony’s side when Tony finds a spot among others.
Steve finally opens his box because he has only so much self-restraint, but he still doesn’t want to forget about the fact that Tony put far more thought into this than Steve expected. Mixing his chilli with the rice he finally answers, “It’s not, but it’s just surprising.”
Steve huffs a laugh, nodding as he considers Tony’s words. “If that’s what it takes to keep you here, then yes.”
“Can you please tell me how long it was and who was here with him? Also, show me every video recording of him being in this house. And check media coverage of the area that mentions Captain Rogers around the same time.”
“More of that,” Tony whispers into Steve’s mouth and nudges him to stand up. “In bed.”
He stands up and Tony carefully observes how six feet and two inches of muscles and grace look in motion. Suddenly the crumpled suit really doesn’t matter. And Tony might even start to get an idea about how exactly that friendship functioned. Maybe? At some point? Because come on? Who wouldn’t want to tap Captain America? He totally would. Just like now, he gets sidetracked. He was supposed to be angry.
There are times when he still thinks that maybe he’s going to fail. And on nights like this he goes down to the workshop and just does what he can do best— he creates things to make Morgan’s world safer and better. Granted, he’s never going to be on active Avenger duty. He and Steve made a promise that in order for all this to work, they need to step down, find replacements and simply support from a very,
“Ah, you do really know me,” Tony means to mock but somehow his words come up gentler.
“In time,” Tony clarifies quickly.
Steve shakes his head in lieu of an answer and straightens up fully to whisper, “I’m supposed to take care of you, not the other way around.”
“Don’t do that,” Tony stops him firmly. “Don’t beat yourself with ifs and buts.”
Steve peeks over his shoulder and he’s about to leave the pancakes and run for rescue, but Tony interrupts him. He smoothly steps into Steve’s space and wraps his arm around Steve’s waist. Propping his chin on the man’s arm, he kisses Steve on the cheek
Sure, maybe under the right circumstances and through certain connections and omissions (that surely occurred in this other Tony's life), they could grow into other feelings. After all, Tony’s always thought that marrying a friend is the best that can happen to him. But he and this Pepper? They didn’t go under these specific circumstances. They didn’t grow into this together. And the chances are they never will because even if he truly is from the past and even if someone would magically know exactly into which point, universe and timeline he should go back, he’d still have memories of this event, and nothing is going to be the same.
So these are Tony’s first thoughts when he finally wakes up and recognizes a long figure stretched on a hardly comfortable chair next to his bed. And he thinks he’s prepared. Not perfectly. Not for everything. But more or less — prepared.
“It changes nothing,” Tony says, and seeing that Steve wants to interrupt him, he adds, “I still don’t have a single memory and we already established that feelings come from within remembrance, right, Cap?”
“Shit,” Natasha huffs heavily.
“It’s a lot,” Maria admits but she stands up.
Nebula actually takes a moment to consider his words and then smiles a little. “We were.”
“A muscle memory,” Tony provides, and she nods. “So, what now? What about Morgan?”
“No, I don’t,” Steve finally answers.
“That would be boring, wouldn’t it?” Tony says with a forced smile.
Knowing himself, there isn’t a chance to guess the password. Besides, he probably also created some safeguards against people who would try to find out the right one. And this password could be anything and nothing at all, so he doesn’t want to risk and lose the footage forever. Instead, he starts to break the code from the inside because that’s fairly simple. After all, he wrote it himself quite a while ago and he already knows he didn’t change it much. He works fast and after a few minutes, the file is open.
So yeah, all this, whatever it is, apparently really belongs to him. With everything and with everyone. And he just needs to find a way to make it feel that way. Even with Pepper. Especially with Pepper and Morgan. But also, with Steve. Steve’s is important too. He can’t think of him as not a part of his life and Tony doesn’t care how it was before. So clearly that’s his job now. Tony
he shortly considered using the suit to get an advantage over him, but he figured out that this might piss Steve off completely. So, Tony got in the car with only his pants and jacket on, and squeezing from the Audi all its promised power, hoping that he’d be in the house in time. For some reason he suspected the worst. And he proves himself right when he sees that the only light switched in the house comes from Steve’s room. Tony sees the man’s shadow moving quickly and efficiently, clearly packing.
“—there is a possibility that you time travelled here from the past,” Pepper says fast.
“You haven’t done this with me before?” Tony glances up from his box and Steve sees the open curiosity in his gaze. “Does this make you uneasy?”
But not this time. This time Steve searches the room to find Tony’s familiar mop of black hair in the crowd, and he can’t find it. This time Tony just disappeared. And that's alright. It
Bruce and Rhodey join in but Tony doesn’t let his gaze leave Steve’s even for a fraction of a second. The guy smiles openly and with such ease that it's almost hard to believe he’s the same person from two weeks ago. He doesn't even look that tired anymore even if he stays with Tony in his workshop deep into the night and wakes up at ungodly hours for his run. No, he looks content and relaxed, and like he’s regained something in himself.
“Because he doesn’t know what Rogers feels,” Nebula adds again.
Tony wants to press him further. He wants to finally uncover it all. He
“Not now,” he whispers, and pokes his chin at the entrance to the house.
There are a lot of drifts and even more digressions. In the stories, that is. They often talk about the world that they basically both suddenly ended up in together. By accident, they are both men out of time now, but even though Tony’s still a futurist and he already sees endless possibilities of upgrades to his works, it’s Steve’s role to guide him through these new settings. And again, Tony should be worried, but he really isn’t. Somehow, these evenings become some kind of ritual that they both seem to really need.
“Huh,” Tony murmurs and arching an eyebrow at Steve, he wants to counter, but he suddenly stops at another intriguing thought. “Hey, when I called you, I could see you and Pepper and almost the whole house on one screen.”
“Hey,” Tony says softly and quickly goes around the bed. “Hey, hey, Steve.”
“I don’t know if I can do this,” she whispers, locking her eyes on a still distant figure.
“Did you try to convince me in the same way before?” Tony asks calmly. “Or did you just sneak out without a word?”
“Awwwwww,” Morgan giggles at their backs. “I’m going to take a picture for Peter!”
he’s rambling. His thoughts are rushing as he carefully steps through the woods. To his surprise it’s nothing like he expected. The Eco Compound is not only eco in name, clearly. It’s embedded into the scenery like it would grow from within all the grass and leaves.
Tony looks at him, narrowing his eyes. “What?”
“More like for the foreseeable future,” Steve huffs. “And the tower is not yours anymore, right?”
“Did I?” Steve laughs frantically and looking back at the vast spread of the ocean behind the office walls that doesn’t look very different from the day he took on the most important decision of his life. He starts gently, “It’s really not that different, Tony. I might not have had much back then, not like you anyway, but I had a strong idea what I was going to do when the war ended, a date planned and a promise of a life. And yes, I decided to sacrifice all that, but I didn’t have any control over the fact that someone is going to wake me up sixty-six years later in an outlandish world where all my friends are long gone.”
Steve holds his head up, confused. “And what about Morgan?”
With that though, he suddenly looks at Mantis and asks, “Can you help me?”
Pepper winces lightly and then admits with a forced smile, “You proposed with a huge banner carried by the suits above St. Mark's Square.”
Steve registers that the lines monitoring Tony’s vitals suddenly go up when after a long moment of silence, Tony only says, “Wow.”
hasn’t seen Steve being this angry before. Not even with Senator Johnson. So this? This is bad. And to think that he held and finally kissed the man not even half an hour ago? Fuck, only he can screw things up this bad.
“And that was what she wanted?” Tony notices. “Me and Steve? Together?”
To think about it, Tony’s life can be considered pretty boring. Well, before all that happened in the last few hours, so — could be considered pretty boring.
“No,” Tony says firmly with his faceplate down as he carefully touches down. “No, it’s me who has to apologize to you.”
“A scandal perhaps,” Christine throws, arching her eyebrow.
And Steve put his food down again. He feels like his throat tightens when he remembers the look of realization on Christine’s face and her words just before Tony joined them. He tried to ignore them all their way up here, but now it just hits him again.
But then again, wasn’t Steve also a part of Tony’s old life? So maybe Tony only must remind him of that? Maybe he must prove to Steve that he belongs here, in this new reality. That there is always going to be a place for him in Tony’s mind. That he’s one of a very few people that Tony has this strange ghost of a memory. That they are meant to be close if not together. Maybe this is their time now. Because really, Tony wants him. He does. He doesn’t know how to explain it. He doesn’t know why that happened. He isn’t sure whether this is the reason he forced his body to come back. But Tony is sure of one thing. He wants to try and this time he wants to do it right.
“So, you’re trying to say—” he starts slowly. “—that there wasn’t a chance this would go in any different way?”
“Tony, don’t you get it? He might not want this sort of life for the both of you,” Bruce says suddenly gentler. “Because what he always had? The guy’s life is a constant fight. First it was probably for pure survival. Then he had been thrown from one task to another, always serving someone else’s cause and it cost him losing a person he loved. And then when they woke him up, what did he get? Just more of the same. The guy should be a walking and breathing epitome of PTSD if not for the serum, but who really knows what’s going on in this selfless head of his?”
“But after that,” Steve suggests. “Tony, it’s been three weeks and at least a dozen times we ended up like this.”
Tony moves his hand away, protesting, “A-a-ah, no can d—”
“Hah, you and me pal,” Bruce snorts. “I bet that the inside of that cellar cost more than the Quinjet.”
“How different?” Tony presses.
“I do whatever the hell
“It was partially my fault too, so—” Bruce adds sheepishly.
“What if I hurt someone else?”
Steve gives Tony a careful look. Tony’s concerned as he glances at Steve and tries for a soft smile. And this. This bothers Steve even more. There was something in Everhart’s play that threw Tony off. But it’s also clear that Steve isn’t going to get this information now.
“Tony,” Steve says softly but with pain drawn over his features.
“Do you think I’d make a pass on you while still being with Pepper?” Tony questions and looks to the side shortly, before turning back to Steve. “We’re divorcing. Pepper and I. We signed the papers today.”
“Does it?” Tony asks before he thinks.
“You know what?” he asks, smiling into the skin.
“Yeah?” Tony smiles suddenly. “What’s yours?”
“Do you want to talk about why you sit here all alone?” Tony returns.
“—simple?” Bruce cuts in and smiles bitterly. “It really is.”
“You didn’t like it earlier when you got another panic attack and we had to calm you down with a sedative,” Steve deadpans. “Again.”
“Because I’m your friend too,” Steve suddenly exclaims with an irritated huff. “And I guess you intuitively know that. Just the same way as I know you’re annoyed by the fact you don’t have control over this situation. But I want to give that control and help you to learn exactly what happened.”
“You are but from a different time,” Pepper whispers and holds his hands tightly and she adds, “And this is also something that I have to deal with myself. That’s why I’m upset. I’m angry that I can’t feel the same things with this version of you that I felt before.”
“Thirty,” Steve proposes.
“Give me the phone,” she says instead and reaches for it.
“Then you’ll tell this to Pepper by yourself,” Steve quickly answers.
THANK YOU GUYS AGAIN FOR YOUR AMAZING WORK!!!
Tony smiles back warmly at her, moving his hands up to cover hers. Squeezing Pepper’s fingers gently, he laces them together with his own to lower them into his lap.
Tony's voice breaks at this conclusion. He looks down for a moment like he suddenly remembers something, but then he holds his gaze up. There are barely visible lines around his eyes as his smile deepens and Steve feels tears running down his heated cheeks. He makes a small choking sound at the back of his throat when he takes a shuddering breath, bracing himself for another part to come when Tony resumes.
Tony’s hands untangle slowly from Steve’s hair. The man’s lingering touch moves tenderly to his face. Tony captures his jaw. His fingertips draw lines on Steve’s skin as he props Steve’s chin up with both of his thumbs and bites into Steve’s exposed lips again, while he lets his hands travel down along Steve’s sides and finally settle on his hips. Tony digs his fingers into his muscles and brings Steve in, pulling their ready bodies close. And that’s when Steve instantly wakes up from the spell of the moment. And he realizes how much he’s fucked this up.
“But you think it’s him,” she states more than asks.
Steve closes his eyes, dropping his head at the back of the couch. Burning tears are building behind his eyelids. He’s surprised that he’s still capable of crying, but here he is, swallowing down another wave of his sorrow and trying to feel something, anything, that would stir him back to life, back to being at least able to stand up. Yet he’s only able to close his fingers tighter on the helmet.
Her hand is still on Steve’s arm, warming his skin through the layers of his shirt and jacket that he still wears from the memorial. It all seems surreal to an extreme level. They just buried the man. He just tried to say his goodbyes. And now he’s sitting on a jet to go see a new version of the same guy? A resurrected one? Or another version from the past? And the weirdest thing is that the situation isn’t even beyond all the stuff they all have been through, and yet it seems so insane.
“Yeah, but you know—” Tony tries to form his thoughts as he reaches for Steve. He hooks his fingers around Steve’s waist, squeezing it gently when he whispers, “It was dramatically unrequited because I knew you were gone. I knew you lived in a different time. So, I had that poster up on my dorm’s room wall. The vintage one from one of your tours. And there were nights I imagined what it would be like to go back in time, find you and well, be with you?”
“FRIDAY,” he says decisively, aiming for the stairs. “Close all the doors, cut the connection completely. Nothing or no one goes in or out. We’re going dark until I tell you otherwise.”
Rhodey laughs out loud and salutes him before he disappears. Thor winks and switches off his comms as Bruce follows. The last one is Clint who almost inaudibly says “Thank you,” and waves him off to finally leave Steve alone with his thoughts.
“What the—” Steve mutters when the car stops in their driveway.
“It is important,” Steve provides.
“Pep,” Tony reacts fast, his tone automatically softer. “It’s just weird, that's all.”
“That’d be boring with everything else happening around, don’t you think?”
“I’m saying this because I want to give you the same,” Steve says gently, hovering above the other man and whispering, “Regardless of you staying or going back.”
“Almost,” Steve says and adds softly. “But only because I know your weak spots.”
“Fuck, why he—” he cuts himself, pressing a tight smile. “Why did I choose this version of myself? What is so significant about it?”
Pepper tries to interrupt him, but Tony holds up a finger to stop her.
He stretches his leg and tries to poke Steve in the shin. He nearly succeeds but stops at the last moment to keep himself from falling off the bed. Still, the movement and the noise are enough. The man abruptly wakes up, sitting straight on the chair. He looks at Tony, startled. It’s almost adorable. Almost, because Tony's irritated so he isn’t going to admit that.
“My alarm?”
“Not enough,” Steve answers bitterly to a forgotten question, and makes a gentle attempt to move back.
Biting his lower lip, Tony shakes his head. He takes a few more careful steps into the room, afraid that Steve will run from him again if he makes a wrong move.
“Ah, fuck,” Tony says under his breath, and clasping his hand together, he closes the results of his investigation.
“When I was downstairs I thought—” Steve’s face twists in discomfort as he tastes the alcohol. It’s clear that the drink isn’t his thing, however, he collects himself quickly and finishes his thought, “FRIDAY should be able to provide a recording from the party.”
Tony lands at the very back of the estate. The house is well hidden behind rows upon rows of trees. When he finally sees the whole construction, it doesn’t remind him one bit of the one in Malibu. It has nothing to do with the fact that it’s smaller than Tony’s current standards, or that it isn’t his style. It’s cute, really. But it gives him family vibes. It visibly doesn’t belong to Tony.
“Oh yeah, cameras were everywhere in the Stark Tower,” Bruce reminisces, drinking his champagne in one go.
And Tony obeys instantly, searching Steve’s eyes with worry. “What’s wrong?”
“Then yada, yada, yada and I wake up here. The first thing I do is to call all the people I know and matter to me, strangely not that many came to mind, but every number was radio silent until I called my own,” Tony explains.
He decided to stay behind with Pepper after the memorial even before he knew there was a message. It was the right thing to do… It was the only thing he was able to think about.
“So what? I wanted to check if I would still become the same man?” Tony snorts. “That’s idiotic. I must have known that’s impossible.”
Peter suddenly looks up at him. “You know who I am?”
“No,” Tony cuts in. “No, I discovered it by accident. That night you told me about my parents and Bucky.”
“Sure, the boss is in the kitchen and helping himself to breakfast,” he hears as he puts the pants on and makes his way to the door.
“What else can you do?” Tony asks as his thumb moves slowly to trace a drop running down Steve’s chin.
“If you fought with Steve,” Bruce says, looking up. “She had this way of strategically coaxing everyone into doing things she wanted so she always found a way for you two to make up.”
Steve gives him a look. Tony doesn’t exactly know what it precisely means but he gets the feeling that the other him had been on the receiving end of it quite often. It must have been a peculiar friendship; he thinks and feels another sharp sting of emotion. Jealousy perhaps? Is he jealous of himself? That’s ridiculous.
“No—I mean, yes,” the man pauses and takes a good breath before he follows Tony to say, “But it’s just insane to see you do this.”
then what the hell happened that they lost it?
“I’m sure we’ll figure something out,” Pepper assures him and leans over to put her hand on his shoulder and look straight into his eyes. “I’m sure we’re all going to be okay.”
Steve needs to beat his hand around to stay in place when a next, stronger wave ironically comes crashing into them. Its movement brings Tony into his space. The man wants to reach for him but Steve shifts back out of his grasp.
The man on the other end winces and moves closer to his phone, clearly vexed when he says, “Yes,
“Actually, I do, yeah.” Steve ducks his head but he looks up at Tony with this gentle smile. “I’m still not sure of all the reasons, though. Is it because this means you’ll stay? Or because this changes everything?”
It might have also been practical, because after Steve called Fury and caught him and Maria almost at the last chance to turn the Quinjet around, and after Pepper dragged Happy from his way back home, they were seated onboard the jet a few dozen calls later.
He looks concerned when he finally asks, “Does Steve know?”
“But what now?” Steve finally asks, a little bit frustrated. “Don’t you want to get your life back? Don’t you want to stay?”
Apparently, she really means it because she guides him to a separate small complex of buildings. They swiftly hide in one of them. The space looks kind of familiar. From the outside, it reminds him of a garage but inside he discovers a very well-known setup of his workshop. Even the arrangement of workstations is similar and when he hears the cheerful noise of a newer version of DUM-E, he relaxes. Not for long though. When he glances at Pepper, he sees that she looks pissed.
“Would she also tell me how your current doings are going to destabilize your company yet again?”
“Sure, but she doesn’t need a partner who tries to learn how to love her in a way that’s sustainable for the purpose of  raising a kid together,” Tony explains, focusing on mixing his ice cream into a semi-melted puddle as he adds, “Plus, she’s still grieving the other guy and being with me would be practically like being with someone new, but Morgan is another story and once we’ll figure out how to break this to her, I’ll be the most present father she can get.”
Wanda looks from her to them, also clearly astonished when she says, “You shouldn’t be here—”
He runs down the stairs and aims straight for the kitchen. He doesn’t remember if Pepper mentioned something about restocking the pantry and fridge. Yesterday, they only made the minimum arrangements required for them to stay here, renting the car and buying some clothes so Tony wouldn’t have to transfer from the UCLA facility in a hospital gown. Everything else had been pushed to the background because figuring out how to introduce this Tony to his daughter with minimal damage to their relationship occupied most of their minds. And then they had to only think of a way to let others know what happened, fill in Stark Industry’s board that their main shareholder slash the-hen-that-lays-golden-eggs is still alive, and try to invent a way to keep this all under wraps from the public.
“Yeah, apologies,” Tony huffs and winces. “I’m not really good at them.”
. We’re definitely getting a divorce.”
Pepper stays at the Quinjet’s front while she talks quietly with Fury. She's changed from her soft home clothes to sharp business attire while waiting for the jet to arrive. Her suit’s still black, but it speaks of power and ferocity with its simple yet defined lines. She looks like she’s also somehow travelled back in time and prepared for an office battle.
“I-I’m sorry,” he says, trying to wipe his face with the sleeve of his shirt, “I’m really sorry, I-I don—”
“She could be.” Steve proposes gently. “You don’t need me anymore.”
And again, as a repetitive theme that night everything goes to hell, but this time Tony’s pulse suddenly jumps to an extreme level when he looks at Pepper sharply. And Steve is surprised to see tears in Tony’s eyes when, for a second, he looks lost and hunted and completely broken but then this melts into an expression of sudden pain.
Natasha moves back and looks at Tony, startled. “No. Have you?”
“More than he thinks,” Natasha answers first and adds quickly, “But seriously, it’s really good to see the both of you and being finally together.”
“On my way here, I had a little bit of time to think about this crazy situation,” Steve finally admits quietly. “And I promised myself that I’m going to be honest with you about everything and anything you ask.”
He’s probably right, because when Tony steps through the doorway, he’s welcomed by an incredibly loud and enthusiastic cheer. Thor didn’t overstate when he said they came in large numbers. There are a lot of faces around him. Faces that Tony recognizes and knows from all the materials FRIDAY and Steve provided. Still, it’s strange to finally meet them. And even stranger to meet them like that. Because suddenly he is embraced, hugged and patted with pride, congratulations and expressions of astonishments over things that he presumably did. And at that moment, it doesn’t really bother him that it wasn’t really him. He doesn’t think about it because he feels so much more. He feels dizzy and overwhelmed but also happy and fulfilled. And this scares him, but it also warms him from inside, so the fear is quickly replaced by something else. The panic is gone in seconds. The uncertainty and resistance are gone too. All that is far and forgotten especially when there is a young man, Peter, glued to his side with his face pressed into Tony’s shirt to hide his tears.
He wakes up when it’s still pitch-black outside and momentarily knows he isn’t alone in his bedroom. The room is filled with the soft, warm light of a lamp. It barely illuminates a long figure spread on an Italian chair next to it. It’s almost a mirror image of the moment from two weeks ago, but this time Tony’s sure that Steve doesn’t sleep. And when Tony moves to slowly sit up, the man is also up, alarmed and ready.
“So why have I been naked?” Tony says, spreading his arms in a questioning gesture. “And when you told me that all my blood cells are on the youngish site—”
“My body adjusts to the environment faster,” Steve answers with a soft smile, finding his footing. “And I can endure more too.”
To Tony’s relief, Steve allows it. He gives up and slips from the bed into his arms. He hides his face in the crook of Tony’s neck and suddenly takes a deep breath that’s followed with a pained cry. All those emotions, all those feelings stored over months or even years just burst out with Steve’s sobs.
“Go back?” Steve echoes, unsure.
“But you are in need.”
Steve frowns but he says slowly, “O—okay?”
“I definitely need to see this one,” Bruce says laughing while Rhodey only murmurs to him, “Traitor.”
Steve narrows his eyes as he tries to read Tony. “To a certain extent, yeah.”
Steve doesn’t know why. But fuck, it feels like—Fuck. Steve doesn’t know how this feel, but it’s too damn good to let this go now. Because Tony groans at the back of his throat as he licks in, closing his fingers around Steve’s too-long strands. It’s all even more urgent and hungry. The kiss barely leaves them air to breathe. Their closeness makes them feel and look like one body, moving in sync with the water.
“That’s true, it’s been reduced,” Bruce provides, and Tony gasps, pretending to be indignant by this fact so Bruce follows with explanations, “Because the space is limited, and my lab had to fit together with your suits’ vault.”
And Pepper sees it. Of course, she does. She isn’t only incredibly smart, but her empathy reaches extreme levels. She also probably feels the same notion or at least a shade of it, but she’s far better at hiding it for Morgan’s sake. And Steve should follow her lead. He really should at least try. For her. For Morgan. And to live up to the faith Tony had in him.
This hit Tony on a few other occasions before but now it just strikes him hard. Because what would be the reason for Steve to know what goes in and out of his wine collection? And how is it possible that FRIDAY knows all the music Steve loves so she adjusts the playlist every time the man enters Tony’s workshop? In the morning, she provides him with a set of news clearly preselected for Steve’s needs. She also feeds U all the recipes for protein shakes Steve likes but Tony’s sure he doesn’t really have to drink them. But that’s not the point. The point is that this is one hell of fascinating information. Because someone had to program FRIDAY this way. Someone had to give her this information at some point. Was that the other Tony? Or Steve himself? And if so, when did that happen?
“W—what!?” Steve chokes. “God, no—”
. And that’s enough for him.
“I hear the guy’s pretty strong.” Pepper gives him a sly smile. “He’s a super soldier, or something.”
Tony grinds his teeth, feeling irritation grow at the back of his skull, where a headache is developing, but he says a strained, “Fine.”
“Stark!” Thor’s voice rumbles through Tony’s body. “I’m so glad to see you all well and fine!”
“And my best friend doesn’t have a right to know?” Tony snorts. “That’s this great plan of yours?”
“I don’t see how me hitting the bed and leaving the post does any good,” Steve still tries.
And that hits Steve like a ten-ton nuke. That’s—
“You’re okay down there?” Tony whispers.
“Captain, should I prepare safety protocols and house access for Doctor Banner and Colonel Rhodes?”
this is Tony.
And that’s not even all of it. Steve knows the house. He knows all of its ins and outs. He knows his way around the kitchen cupboards. He picks the books from shelves without thinking much about where they might be situated. And he knew about Bruce’s lab even though Bruce himself had no idea of its existence before coming to Malibu. It’s odd. It’s also strangely alluring if Tony thinks about it and he thinks about it
And then he fully wakes up and takes a good look at still sleeping Steve. Captain Rogers. Freaking Captain America. The person about whom his father had never shut up. A man that had been present in Tony’s life since practically forever. And Steve’s been a tale of old days’ glory. He’s been an example of the highest form of bravery and sacrifice. And above all, he’s been an unsurpassed ideal, chasing Tony’s life choices to mock them.
“It’s not the same,” Tony reacts fast but he takes away his finger and steps back as he proposes, “You had a choice.”
“Everhart,” Tony says, walking up behind Steve, and there is a sudden warmth at Steve’s lower back when a question follows, “What kind of story do you think you’ll find here, hmm?”
“No, consuming alcohol,” Steve corrects before looking swiftly at Tony with a sheepish expression. “I’ve never been drunk actually. Even before the serum.”
Still, this helped him only a little. For a few days after that, he could invoke some memory or rather a shadow of that feeling. But as days passed, he again found himself more and more tired and disappointed with himself. He was exhausted from this fight and yet he couldn't bring himself to end it. He couldn't leave Tony. He couldn't say no to him. Especially because on every such occasion Tony managed to magically appear at his side with a ready escape plan for the both of them. That’s how they’ d been ending up in some food hole or by a food truck, grabbing something to eat, walking or staying at the beach, and talking into the deep hours of the night.
Tony. He wants to know if Pepper would get back her husband, the love of her life. And above all, he needs to know that Morgan would get her father back. And if he doesn’t get what he wants that’s perfectly alright. It would be enough to know that they are happy and safe. Because why would Tony suddenly appear from wherever, or
?” Tony huffs with an almost hysterical laugh. “What is it? Am I adopted? Are my parents aliv—”
“I’m not that interesting,” Steve assures her.
And Tony sees how suddenly Steve retracts and only says quietly, “Or that.”
“I’m really not good at the whole couple therapy thing and you know it,” Bruce says and then stops to correct himself. “Okay, you don’t know yet, but if you want to talk over how to break to Steve that you are a free and willing man again, it would be better to find someone else.”
“Aunt W!” she screams and runs straight to Wanda’s ready arms. “Where have you been!?”
After FRIDAY informed him that “
He kneels on the floor with Tony. His hands clench onto Tony’s jacket to the point the fabric rips. He’s desperate to hide in Tony’s arm and holds onto him like his whole existence depends on it.
“I need to tell you something,” he finally admits. “I probably waited for too long anyway.”
Steve suddenly moves back, and he looks at Tony with all the astonishment his blue eyes can contain. Tony thinks he can’t let him stay this way for long because he might suffocate.
“But why?” Bruce asks.
I am really, extremely and utterly sorry for this delay but my work just erased me from the Earth's surface for a few days. And I am really sorry that I still haven't write back to your comments! Just know they keep me alive and going in this strange time and I really am grateful for them, all the kudos and all the time you give to read this story.
“Sure thing, Captain,” the AI agrees.
Christine narrows her eyes and smiles doubtfully. “You look surprisingly good, Tony. What’s your secret?”
“I am sorry, I’m not him,” he says, suddenly serious and focused.
“Is it ever a social call with people of your kind?” Christine’s smile changes into a grimace. “You always seem to work.”
“Dehydrated, starved, and close to hypothermia,” he adds, nodding.
“Good, because you got me worried for a moment that you might think I magically regained my life.”
“So, what happened after you dropped Barnes in Wakanda?” he asks when Steve stops for a moment.
Pepper takes a deep breath, clearly consumed by her own waves of mixed emotions, but then she starts to move surely. Steve lets her outpace him a few steps. Her heels click on the floor in a rushed rhythm, resonating in the mostly empty corridor (of course they made an exception for Mr. Stark, and put him in a private, intensive care unit) to be cut abruptly when she enters the room. Steve’s at her back, freezing at the doorstep too. Only now he sees that Tony is awake and deeply consumed by a smartphone.
Steve closes his eyes and tries to calm his breath. Suddenly he finally feels something. He feels like he’s going to suffocate. His lungs won’t expand. It almost feels like his asthma is back, but he knows that it’s impossible. It can't be back. Just can’t. So why does he feel like he can’t inhale properly?
Steve huffs a shuddered breath, before he says, “You know what? Let’s leave it at that. Let’s just forget about this conversation.”
“You did, boss,” she provides. “At the end of May, the same year.”
“What is it?” Tony asks carefully, still stroking the spot. “Talk to me.”
Tony turns the slim, glass cell inspecting it with unhidden curiosity. “Boy, I’m good.”
“What I mean is that you weren’t acting like yourself,” Steve corrects himself and shifting on the bed, he settles on his side, continuing, “You were consumed by grief. And anger. And you were hurt. By me.”
And this story Tony knows, at least to the point he understands it without further explanations so he only nods with an agreement and gives Steve an encouraging smile. To his surprise, he feels a gentle touch. Steve’s fingers linger for a moment on his shoulders as he passes by. It’s a short contact, just a simple gesture, but it’s enough for Tony to feel the warmth that spreads throughout his whole body. And to his surprise, it also feels like something he knows. It feels like something very familiar and comforting. It feels natural. And it gets him thinking. Because everything about this guy feels that way. It was easy to believe him the first moment he saw him at the hospital. It was easy to put Tony's trust in him when they arrived here. Tony basically put his life into Steve's hands without hesitation. And their dynamic? It’s like they have known each other for ages. It’s like every one of their moves around each other is a well-practiced dance known not only by their bodies but also their minds or maybe something even far beyond that. And there are other things. Things like the fact that Steve knows this house. Steve also knows Tony and all his bullshit and all his tells. He knows how to speak to him to get exactly what he wants. And this is frightening. But it’s also thrilling. Because this kind of knowledge doesn’t only come from brotherhood in the field or even friendship. This comes from—
He thinks that he’s not enough. He thinks that he’d screw this up. He thinks he’s going to
He tangles his fingers into Steve’s hair and gently prompts him to look up. Steve’s a mess. But he’s a beautiful mess that only Tony gets to watch like this. And in this very moment he understands what this is all about. He understands what he’s really fighting for and what Steve means to him.
“Probably,” Tony agrees but he doesn’t make a move.
And after just one ring, he hears a familiar voice on the other end, “Tony?”
Tony signs, annoyed, but he drops his hands with resignation. “Boy, you know me so well.”
Tony tries to sound carefree, but Steve instantly picks up on the way Tony’s voice is modulated and controlled to know he is restraining himself. Also, the hand is gone from his lower back. Instead, Tony snaps his fingers a few times, pretending that he's thinking.
“When they woke me up, I had nothing,” he starts quietly, not moving back. “And then it was basically you who got me a life, a family and a purpose.”
Steve sighs and shakes his head. “With your family.”
So right now? Right now, everything seems to be borrowed. This friendship with Rogers. This tangled and complicated relationship with Pepper. And any connection with whoever else is in the other Tony’s life. It’s not his. He just happened to land in another person’s life. He doesn’t feel and he doesn’t want the same things. And he has a suspicion that these people would expect from him exactly the opposite. They lost the other guy but now they have a replacement so of course, they’d want him to take over all these new roles. To be a friend. To be a husband. To be a father. God—
. It would be unfair.
“You too, Tony. You know that right?” She asks and when Tony doesn’t rush with an answer, she continues suddenly seriously, “You’ve got a third chance so don’t waste it only because you think you’ll hurt me. You won’t.”
“Johnson?” Steve proposes.
“Are you sure?” Steve askes. “And you didn’t notice any loss of memories?”
Nonetheless, it doesn’t mean that the transition is easy. For Morgan and for them equally. For her because even though they tried to explain to her what happened in the easiest way possible, she’ll probably be grasping more and more of this whole situation through the years. And there are moments when it looks like she knows Tony is not fully the dad she knew. Of course, she sees the visual differences, but she also catches some others on a more intuitive level and so she’s still careful with expressing her emotions. So even after a calming period when Tony and Steve learned what it meant to be together, and after one and half months of having Morgan for sleepovers, sometimes he still has sudden bursts of panic. They are fewer and weaker, but he still worries and has too many thoughts in his head and too many emotions to contain in his body.
“Yeah, so we’re not knocking on closed doors,” Tony says matter-of-factly and opens the paper box with a delighted, “Yay.”
move. But he can’t. Tony’s dark gaze is locked onto his. His elegant fingers are wrapped gently at the back of Steve’s neck. His thumb still draws softly an outline of his bottom lip, brushing against Steve’s stubble. And Steve’s just mesmerized. Because, God, this— This feels good. This feels like everything he longed for. This feels like an end too. And the end of this horrible feeling of loss and despair. And still, he knows that he failed. He failed his mission. He failed Pepper.
“But what do you want?” Tony insists.
Another burst of laughter cuts into his thoughts. He sighs and puts the tablet back down again. He hesitates maybe for one second before he finally throws off the covers. Grabbing his robe from the bedframe, he throws it over his tank top and runs downstairs. His bare feet make a sound on the wooden stairs as he quickly descends into the kitchen.
Sure, Tony and Pepper need to show a united front at the time of crisis. They also can’t keep the public in the dark about Tony’s being alive for too long. It’s always better that news like this come out in a controlled way. So, even if it means that he isn’t allowed to wear his dress uniform, Steve tries to do his best even while standing on the side, dressed in a made-to-measure black-tie suit and feeling like an idiot.
“Hey, Rogers,” Tony interrupts, rising on his stool to steal the last slice of pepperoni. “You can’t get drunk, right?”
Steve actually and honestly retreats a bit. “Sorry.”
“That’s the one!” Tony points a finger, but Pepper only narrows her eyes warningly, so he mumbles, “She wasn’t even that good.”
He touches the housing unit on his chest and his suit obediently folds itself back inside, leaving him to the morning chill of the west coast that even his thermal T-shirt can’t hold off. Still, Pepper doesn’t let him wait for too long. She comes from around the corner, wrapped in a light cashmere sweater. Her hair is a bit of a mess, and while she doesn’t look as well-rested and collected as she usually does, she still looks great.
“Seriously, you have to ask?” Tony sighs. “Because I heard we are good friends and isn’t this something a friend would do?”
He closes his eyes and pinches the bridge of his nose, taking another deep breath. He barely remembers what it means to have a headache, but he feels like he might be getting one now. Especially that even if he isn’t ready to face Tony, he hears a subtle knock and when he holds his head up, he sees the man himself in the doorway.
Before Steve is able to react, Tony turns to face the windows and comes closer to the glass. He puts his hands into his pockets, holding his face up to the sun. Steve can see how the light takes over Tony’s body, illuminating his frame when the rays scatter on a dimmed, thick surface. There are millions of tiny crystal-like droplets that dance on Tony’s still damp hair. His back is straight, arched toward the warmth. His shoulders are broad and strong, and Steve can’t resist but to come closer and stand behind him.
“The post, Jesus Christ,” Tony snorts. “I’m not one of your black ops.”
“It’s not your fault,” Tony says firmly and slowly, convinced of what he needs to do. “You did nothing wrong. Do you understand me?”
“Ah, that.” Steve breathes out heavily and winces.
He still has his white shirt and slacks from the suit on. The shirt is a little bit damp and completely wrinkled now. It sticks to his skin, stretching on his broad shoulders. It should look terrible, but instead it matches his tousled hair and the wild emotions in Steve’s blue eyes. It’s a spectacle, Tony thinks as he takes a few more steps closer.
“Nothing stronger?” the woman asks, surprised.
“Well, when isn’t it?” Steve snorts more to himself than to her.
Just like then, Tony’s afraid. He’s afraid that he isn’t good enough. He’s afraid that he might fail. God, he thinks he already did fail. He’s convinced that he won’t be able to cope with everything he suddenly received, with all the expectations, roles and duties. And Steve realizes where he made a mistake and what he should do.
Fucking Obadiah, Tony thinks, sitting on the ground. The helmet hits the trunk with an impact as he tries to calm his breath, but he still feels a weight on his lungs. He might only know all this stuff from the tales of others, but he feels it somehow now. He feels all of it. And it-
“This is so much better than your funeral,” Peter mumbles.
“Tony, no—” Steve tries to oppose and move back. “You don’t get it.”
Tony stops and tries to find leverage. He leans against the tree. The suit still envelopes his body, and slowly it starts to feel like a cage. But at the same time, he’s afraid to take it off. The suit feels like the only barrier between him and the flow of fear and doubt that crashes against him in overpowering waves. He tries to think of one thing, one thing only. He tries to find an anchor. A moment. A place. A person?
“What are you doing?” Steve asks, confused, frowning when Tony tugs at his belt.
Steve tilts his chin challengingly. “You do realize that’s not news to me?”
“Or the time Ross came over and bulldozed us into signing the accords,” Rhodey wonders out loud.
The burning of his stretched lips at the sudden motion is as delicious as the heavy weight on his tongue. Tony’s hands dig into Steve’s skull at the verge of pain and pleasure. And the man swears under his breath, trying to push into Steve’s mouth. He takes all the desperation and need and yearning that radiates out of Tony sucking him off with long, deep strokes that hit the back of his throat now.
And even if Clint doesn’t say a word to this either, Steve can see that there are tears in his eyes and a hint of a grateful smile when he grunts quietly to cover it, “And what’s the strategy for Tony to fold in line, Cap?”
The girl tries to run but of course she’s unable to jump from the kitchen island that fast. Tony catches her in his arms and starts to tickle her. She screams and laughs, trying to wriggle her way out. Steve starts to record with his phone. And Tony feels how his heart bursts with happiness. Until a house alarm goes off.
“And there is one more thing,” Pepper adds carefully.
His hands move on Steve's face. He wipes the wetness from Steve’s cheeks with his thumbs as he observes the man carefully, letting him take a shaky breath.
“It’s not that simple.” Steve exhales a heavy breath. “He caught on to technology in a matter of hours and already rebuilt three of his late suits, so yes, he can be Iron Man, but he doesn’t remember anything that happened after a certain point in his life.”
He swallows tears but he’s unable to say anything more because the woman rushes toward them. She wraps her arms around Steve’s neck, drawing him in closely. Wanda also comes but she keeps her distance until they all hear a high-pitched squeal of joy coming from the door. Tony turns rapidly just in time to see Morgan running down to the yard.
“Tony, dammit, can you be serious for once?” Steve’s voice carries notes of disappointment when he speaks up, “You have a daughter, for Christ’s sake. Have you thought about what's gonna happen when she sees her dead father flying around California? We are lucky that the press treated it as some test to replace you and they didn’t set up a camp around the house.”
“Yeah,” Steve snorts. “At least in comparison to me.”
“Yeah but, I don’t know—” He swallows a huge bulk of guilt that suddenly appears in his throat, “—wouldn’t Bruce be better at it? He can also run some tests, check what really happened and wherever this Tony came from.”
“You already tried to kick my ass for that,” Steve confesses weakly.
But all this? It also makes Rogers real. This man is a human being just like Tony. Ok, he might be faster, stronger, and far more resilient than any, even above average men, but he still is real and here, next to Tony’s bed. And he has been present in some version of Tony’s life as a permanent feature. For years. It looks like they are friends. How did that even happen?
Bruce, on the other hand, is another story altogether. Well, not really different—like—
But it’s a lousy try even for Steve’s ears because he stops at the last moment and says, “It’s about Nat.”
“I—don’t thin—” Steve says weakly, observing the scene with growing concern.
“What scandal?”
Tony can only drop his head at that and swear under his breath. When he holds it up, he sees through the layers of glass that Bruce moved to the kitchen. He sits by himself behind the bar and opens a big box of ice cream. Suddenly Tony remembers the news the Guardians brought with them. News about lost chances and missed opportunities. And this thing he got, this third chance shouldn’t be lost or missed. It shouldn’t be wasted. Not when they all paid heavily for it.
He looks up at Pepper and smiling this time with more ease, he asks, “Did you at least make me work for it when I wanted to get back together?”
“Thanks for putting even more pressure on me,” Tony snorts, but there is no heat behind it.
Steve nods slowly, trying for a weak smile. He knows he looks like a mess. One that Pepper probably has never seen before. It might be the reason why there is so much worry in her soft gaze. Something that she shouldn’t waste on him but focus on Morgan.
“You’re sure about this, right?” He asks quietly. “Because what I said in the water—”
Suddenly, his short talk with Mantis comes back to him. When the Guardians came to visit three weeks ago, he found himself in a very similar setting. He went outside to the balcony to just shake off another wave of tiredness. Tony was in the kitchen with Bruce. The rest were celebrating the fact that finally, something really good had been shaping up for them. They were all slowly gaining back at least some part of hope. But he didn’t. He was worried about what was going to happen in a few weeks when everything is going to be settled, and he’d have to leave Malibu and Tony behind again.
“Nothing,” Tony confesses.
PS. I would totally wear Tony's sweats! xd
“And what life do you want?” Tony surprises him with a question.
“A panic attack. “Pepper recognizes the signs, observing the situation from behind the glass and her voice carries all the sadness of the world when she adds, “He gets a panic attack at the mention of a kid with me.”
“Before Ultron,” Rhodey concludes. “The party that you guys asked me over after you got Loki’s scepter.” He turns to Tony. “Did he tell you that you created a murder-bot?”
Pepper confirms with another nod and then winces. “There is the house in Malibu, but it’d mean he’s going to be practically alone on the other side of the country, because I can’t be in both places and basically raise two kids. Or one, if I think of it, because Morgan’s far more manageable.”
He just took his eyes away from the guy for a second and here he is, embraced in strong arms, with his legs dangling and his face crushed against all the hair.
“He was,” Steve says patiently, not able to resist another small smile when Tony watches him so openly. “Should we go?”
He breathes out again and lowers his head, resting his forehead against Tony’s. He shifts his weight but he’s still close and leaning. His whole body radiates heat even though Steve noticeably shivers in Tony’s arm.
“It’s a mother thing.” She shrugs gently, smiling weakly.
“Lesson one,” Tony whispers and leans into Steve’s ear to order quietly, “No more self-sacrifices.”
This is so new to Steve. He realizes only now that he doesn’t recall ever seeing this look on Tony. For sure not recently, but also, not even when he saw Tony at the Eco Compound after five empty and lonely years of resentment.
“Nat—” Steve says again with his voice breaking.
“Back for the Infinity Stones?” Tony clarifies.
“Pepper, focus,” the man on the other end cuts, snapping his finger in front of the camera. He sounds unquestionably like the original Tony when he’s being an irritating dick. “Finish your tete-a-tete with your life-size version of Captain America’s action figure and tell Happy to pick me up and take me back to Malibu. Last time I remember I should be on a flight to Afghanistan, and see, I am able to remember that even if it’s my assistant, that’s you by the way, who should be keeping up with my schedule.”
Tony just looks at her and waits, partially knowing what is going to happen. But when it happens, when she leans over quickly, he’s still surprised to feel her tender lips on his. The kiss is over swiftly though. She moves back with a smile that’s a bit mischievous but apologetic.
It should be more than this, really. But this thing with Steve is just undeniable. It hangs in the air between them. It’s in every accidental touch. In each gaze that lingers a little bit too long. In that soft smile that clearly belongs only to Tony because Steve never uses it on anyone else around. Tony’s sure he isn’t imagining it.
He sits at the edge of the armchair and rests his arms on his knees, tangling his fingers into his perfectly sculpted hair to mess it up. And he yawns. God, Steve’s adorable. Huge, shredded, and completely adorable. And it’s enough for Tony’s thoughts to sidetrack for a moment but then he remembers the circumstances that brought them together, and he can’t stop this train of thought, so he decides to talk instead.
Morgan starts to laugh and Tony joins in. Steve looks at Nat with a broad smile, radiating with happiness. She shakes her head but returns the gesture. And even Wanda’s lips twitch a bit although Tony can see that her eyes stay a little bit sad and too composed.
And that must be it for Tony because he puts his food down. He wipes his lips with the napkin, throwing it into the box with a bit too much force.
Good, he thinks, and looks up again. He moves his lips so very slowly and doesn’t drop his gaze. Tony watches him with his eyelids half closed, his mouth open. The man bites his lower lip, holding himself from thrusting even though he can’t because Steve holds him firmly and drags his tongue only gently from the tip of Tony’s cock to its base.
Tony is faster though. He puts a hand on Steve’s shoulder and sits him down. The gesture is so swift that Steve gives in to it without a protest.
Tony stops at the doorway. “You know that we need to talk about everything that happened, right?”
“First, we’ll focus on finding out how you got here and why. Also, you’re going to rebuild the rest of your suits,” Steve says decisively before Tony can react, “And I’m going to tell you my side of everything that happened so you can have something beyond FRIDAY’s facts.”
“Not one bit,” she interrupts.
“Ha!” Tony snorts.
“What?” Tony shrugs. “Objectively speaking. And you’re still better looking,” he manages to add before suddenly he’s swept off his feet.
“Where?” Tony asks and there is a challenge in his voice. “With the Avengers?”
Tony leans on the door frame, observing Steve through narrowed eyes as he asks casually, “Is it safe to assume I won’t die from this thousand-mile stare?”
Tony snorts and smiles. “Yeah, because that’s perfectly not confusing.”
“Yes!” Steve shouts triumphantly.
“And here I thought that for once you’ll think not everything is about you,” Steve snorts in response.
“So, what’s up with Rhodey?” he asks just to steer his thoughts toward the real subject of this conversation. “From my search yesterday, I know he’s alive.”
“Yeah, yeah, and I’m clearly not, I get it,” Tony tries for a joke and waves him off.
“I couldn’t let him go on convincing everyone that a modern version of a concentration camp is the best solution for our situation,” Steve says, feeling how his insides are buzzing only at the memory of that evening. “I lived through that, so thanks, but no, thanks.”
“At least you don’t want to kill him anymore,” Steve huffs.
And then he realizes he’s fucked as hell because Steve beams at him. He beams. And the worst of it is that the man looks like he just won ten million in a lottery, and someone went down on him at the same time. And it’s just because Tony said yes.
“Tony, you should probably know—” Steve tries.
kids.
His eyes don’t leave Steve’s even for a fraction of a second when Steve takes an opposite seat.
Tony grimaces and he wants to counterattack but it’s then when FRIDAY speaks again.
“No,” Steve interrupts, swiftly opening his eyes. “You didn’t want to kill me. And it wasn’t exactly you. The helmet dented so it could have been any—”
Steve finally manages to make a sound, but for some strange reason he can only get out, “Tony, it’s 2023.” And from that point everything goes to hell.
Tony, on the other hand, feels like his anger comes down and plays closer to his skin. The fact that he has in front of himself one miserable Captain America who looks like he’d hold the wellbeing of a whole universe on his shoulders might help in lowering it to a manageable level. He realizes that he fights this out of misdirected spite. And just because he can, being who he is.
life.
“The store?” Tony frowns, surprised with the question. “But that’s not important right now. You see, I have been reading and watching everything that FRIDAY managed to find on you and the rest of the guys, and well, on my life overall, and I just don’t feel it. It’s like I read a newspaper. So, I thought I need something more empirical—Steve?”
“What? I didn’t even say anything!”
“Good, it was meant to be heard,” Rhodey says flatly. “What is it with you wanting to get people drunk?”
Tony snorts another laugh at that. He looks up at the ceiling, trying to calm down. And he does after a moment, shaking his head to his own thoughts.
“What?” Tony asks, stroking Steve’s hair again.
“Let’s just say that I really had enough of sharing you with the
“Hey?” She asks quietly, and for a moment there is a recognition in her gaze of something that he isn’t aware of when she asks, “Are you okay?”
“Captain, I have a message from the Benatar and as you’re not sleeping, I thought you might want to hear it,” she suddenly draws their attention.
“Tony, stop,” he says softly, pressing his hand firmly against Tony’s chest.
past from his present. He’s afraid that he’d become too familiar with what he currently has, and he’d accept it as his life. Especially because it’s a good life. Perfect even. But also, one that can’t be his.
Tony gives her a look but she only blinks at him with these big, dark eyes of hers and shrugs.
And they all join him in a silent toast. This is the first one they ever make but Tony feels like it’s the right moment. They all celebrate something. It’s not clear exactly what but this evening is just simply good and easy. Even Tony can’t remember when was the last time he felt so— So what? Calm? Content? Safe?
“Too far,” she whispers into the girl’s hair as she holds her close, rocking Morgan in her arms.
“You’re happy,” Mantis suddenly says on his other side.
Steve doesn’t register how many hours he just sits there, holding this thing in his hands and listening to the recording repeatedly. For all he knows, it could be days. He realizes it’s dark outside. The night overtakes the world yet again like nothing has changed. That much he can sense. But other than that? Nothing. He feels nothing. No sadness. No relief. Not even anger. He’s empty.
“Hey, Capsicle, talk to me,” Tony urges, snapping his fingers to bring Steve’s attention.
Pepper finally gets a hold on the cell and throws it to Steve. He enters the room with the move and that earns him Tony’s full attention.
Pepper snorts a short laugh and shakes her head disapprovingly. “Not that much.”
Tony catches Steve’s gaze that still lingers on him and narrows his eyes, smiling suspiciously. For now, he pretends that he hasn’t caught the fact that his question wasn’t answered and asks Bruce instead, “When was that?”
And she does rewind the recording very slowly. They all focus on each frame. And at first, nothing really happens. For a little while, Tony’s just there, fighting for his life. Tony thinks that maybe he made a mistake. Maybe there wasn’t anything unusual. Maybe he really time traveled. It’s the simplest solution, right? But then he’s never for the simplest things because he suddenly spots it. On the forward-moving recording, his body looks like it’s decomposing. Not rotting. No. That would be horrifying. It dismantles itself on an atomic level. First slowly and only in some parts. Very small units break out from his body and drift off into the air. But then the whole space around him is filled up with more and more particles of many shapes and sizes. And it’s not the most surprising part. The biggest bomb of the whole spectacle is the fact that this composition is not the dust that Tony already saw in the various footage from the press. It’s completely different. It looks like it shines in the sun. It seems to be composed of many bright colors and dimensions. It’s dancing and rotating, constantly changing and arranging itself while creating this strange almost galaxy hue in the light that looks like a full-blown halo. And it’s—
“Of course, I’m going to think about it.”
“—wait, what?” Tony interrupts him. “What am I? A five-year-old?”
He still feels like a coward for not communicating with her, but he just can’t. Not now. Not when for the first time since he got into this shit, he feels like he’s gained a vague sense of stability. Wow,
“What did I do?”
“It’s a long story,” Steve admits when they reach the entrance. “I’ll tell you all about it in chronological order when you get settled.”
“Yes, I can pass my mantle and be just Steve Rogers,” he decides. “Yes, I can be happy spending the rest of my life with you, in this house or in any other place you’d like and in any other way. I don’t care. I just want to try.”
She inhales to answer but a beam of light transfers from the HUD onto the wall and anything Pepper was about to say dies down on her parted lips.
Tony presses the girl tighter to his chest and nods, following Steve’s gaze as he looks at the yard from behind Steve’s back. He sees a dark-red car slowly rolling down the driveway that leads to the house. He can’t recall if he’s seen it. They didn’t even tell Happy that they were staying at the Eco Compound because they wanted to have these two weeks without any kind of pressure and expectations from anyone, so they kept it a secret. And on top of that very few people know the location of the house. So who the hell is that?
He turns his face to hide it in Tony’s palm and kisses the soft inside of it. His own hands have already found their way to Tony’s hips. Steve digs his fingers deeper into the man’s exposed skin. Tony wears only the jacket; the shirt is probably lost on the beach. He must have rushed here, Steve thinks, leaving another small peck on the inside of Tony’s wrist before he looks up.
“Finally,” Tony huffs with mock relief.
“What?” Steve asks this time.
“Geez, Rogers,” Tony huffs, rolling his eyes. “You’re quick to jump to that conclusion. And contrary to a popular belief I don’t sleep with my assistants. Well, I haven’t at this point at least. There are some standards in life one needs to uphold.”
“Look, I don’t know what really happened between the two of you,” Bruce starts, vexed. “It’s really not my business and I wasn’t here all the time. But I know that something did happen apart from the events that took place in Siberia. And Steve still beats himself for it. So, it’s obvious he wants to make it right between the two of you this time.”
Tony makes a weak sound at the back of his throat. “You really are one, stubborn bastard.”
-so-tight T-shirts and very-flattering jeans that reveal every tiny detail of Steve’s body. That’s why Tony’s the first to spot him the second he passes the kitchen’s entrance.
” when Steve stands up.
“Nat?” Steve asks beside him but he’s unable to finish because his voice breaks.
“Did I win?”
“What’s that for?” Bruce asks.
Tony only shakes his head and gives him a weak smile. He leans closer though. His lips are soft and tender on Steve’s as he kisses him slowly. The kiss doesn’t mean to lead anywhere. It’s more like Tony wants to erase all the bad memories they had and replace them with pleasure. And it seems to work so far because Steve relaxes again. He lets Tony push him back into the pillows and to be claimed all over again.
“Shit,” Steve says under his breath and looks at Tony. “I need to find Bruce.”
He moves up and shifts to the other end of the bed that’s closer to Steve. Still, in his sweatpants and tank top (because obviously, Captain Modesty would never ever try to undress him and stay in the same room) he scooches on the covers.
, if not for that? And Steve’s going to prove it. That’s his mission. In and out. Clean and fast.
And this? This right there is just unfair. The man looks beaten up. He clearly tries to make this good and right. How could he not? He’s the epitome of “making everything better” throughout history. He might even think that he’s here for Tony. Well, for this Tony. For the other one probably too, for some unknown reason. Or at least he tries. He also wants to support Pepper. That’s clear. And that’s the reason why he came here with her and has been present when Tony called.
He shuts his eyes tightly, lowers his head and just tries to search for it. And he sees blue, calm eyes. He hears the timbre of a deep, smooth voice. He feels the ghost of touch.
“Can you locate Tony?” Steve throws into the air as he grabs a pair of jogger pants and a t-shirt.
“Like we are finally doing what we’ve both wanted to do for a long time?” Tony smirks. “Jesus, Steve, what can be wrong with that?”
But Tony only squeezes his arm one more time and already bypasses Steve on his way to the door.
Passing through the hall, he takes the lead to open the door. Tony only makes sure to grab the nano parts holder from the hidden spot in the kitchen drawer as he quickly trails behind him to step out onto the porch.
Steve looks back at Tony, raising an eyebrow. “You were saying?”
He finally asks cautiously, “Do you want to talk about it?”
“Come on, you should totally take credit for that. Even if it was a psychotic AI, it was still something incredible, from what I hear.” Tony winks at Steve and stretches over the counter to clip Bruce’s beer bottle with his own but moves back at the last moment. “You know what? This warrants a real toast. I should still have that bottle of Dom’59.”
“I can’t be all perfect,” Steve admits.
He nods one more time but this time to his own thoughts. His fingers close again around the helmet. Its coldness is sharp at his fingertips. The metal lures him again. It’s tempting to just let the chill linger on his skin, but Pepper’s hand closes on his wrist. It’s warm and supportive and so finally Steve moves the helmet away from himself. He gently puts it on the coffee table, giving it a last squeeze.
“Wouldn’t it be beneficial for Stark’s speedy recovery to meet all his comrades?” Thor proposes.
I'm so nervous to post this chapter... It's been the most difficult to write, but I really REALLY wanted to do this perfectly. So now I'm here, hopping you will forgive me if I did something not not right!
“And it helped,” Tony answers immediately, glancing back at Steve. “I took one good look at the schematics, and it felt like a memory. So, I thought, hey, maybe if I fly, I’ll remember something else?”
And Steve’s left with a ghost of a touch that’s still warm on his arm, one small victory and still another dozen calls to make.
Steve, on the other hand, does move. He drops his gaze to take in everything that is Tony. He feels the scent of his body too. It radiates off of Tony with waves of heat. Traces of the strong, wooden aroma of Tony’s cologne. The smell of the ocean left on his skin with dried salt. Very faded fragrance of oil and grease and metal from wearing the suit the other day. It’s all similar but also completely new. It’s strange. It’s thrilling. And it’s his to take and want.
“I didn’t know what you like so I decided to test the waters,” Tony explains seeing Steve’s bewilderment. “I’m sure a fine specimen like you needs his load of proteins.”
“What’s up?” Tony throws, moving past Bruce to the fridge. “Did the Star Prince rambling about his intergalactic adventures wear you out?”
“Yeah, but I
There are no interruptions to all these routines. The press is not pestering them much. The SI shareholders swallowed the bait about his need for recovery. No other superhero plans to show up. Bruce is running his tests on Tony’s blood samples, all sorts of scans, and even DNA analysis, but they don’t uncover much new knowledge, so they are still digging there. And Tony knows that Steve speaks with Pepper, but Steve never presses Tony to call her, or he doesn’t mention these calls unless Tony asks.
And so, he does. He lets his fingertips travel on Tony’s skin. He feels the sand roll under them as he runs them back and forth. He traces an uneven pattern delicately, moving from Tony’s hips to his back. Painting fading lines at Tony’s sides, he digs his fingers deeper. And then he smooths them down Tony’s legs to help him get out of his pants to finally settle them at the back of Tony’s thighs, closing them hard on Tony’s buttocks to drive the man closer.
After all, there's still a ton of work to do in order to restore at least a vague sense of normality. Somebody also must place the stones back. And naturally, Steve would be at the top of it. He would plan and help to reconstruct and revive everything that was within the limits of his power, having Tony with his brilliant mind at his side. And just like that, Steve would know what to do, where to move and where to aim. And maybe they would still fight over the hows and whens but he would at least have a sense that he’s capable of feeling something. Because now? Now there is only this numbness constantly spreading throughout him. It started the minute he saw Tony dying, but right now it pours from Steve’s heart to every cell of his body. It overtakes him. It creeps into his mind. It completely wins over everything he is, leaving behind an empty shell of his former self.
And then he’s suddenly gone when the message abruptly comes to an end. It reminds Steve painfully that it’s merely that and nothing more. And this time something breaks in Steve for good. This time he can’t control himself anymore, bending over the helmet to shut it tightly in his arms, bringing it close to his chest and to his wet cheeks. Another wave of crying overtakes his body and a howling sound leaves his lungs when he tries to take a breath.
Steve lays at his back, comfortably stretched along the whole length of the bed. He moves one hand from behind his head to run his fingers on Tony’s exposed shoulder before he lazily drops it again on the covers.
“Yes, of course!” She smiles brightly. “I like helping.”
“—us? Yeah.”
“I’ll wrap things here and tag along,” Rhodey immediately adds. “We should be in Malibu in a few.”
Tony opens his mouth to instantly retort but anything he wanted to say freezes at his lips when the meaning of Pepper’s words hit him. He holds a hand to stop them from adding anything else when he looks at the window, swallowing slowly and blinking a few times like this news is literally hard to consume.
“On my father’s grave,” he starts with a broad smile. “I could never guess that you’re able to pull one more trick, Stark. You look good. Young.”
“Wow,” he says the word carefully. “That is
Steve rests his arms on the bar and ducks his head with a long exhale. He closes his eyes for a moment and tries to distance himself from the party buzz around him. He feels like he’s the only one that has enough of it and needs a break. The others gathered in a fancy club at the top of a Los Angeles’ skyscraper look like they are having the time of their lives, probably treating this as some kind of going back to normality.
“Of being drunk? Who is?” Rhodey comments.
“Christine,” Pepper corrects him. “Christine Everhart from Vanity Fair.”
Others tried to tag along. Thor and Bruce were the most persistent but Pepper, being her stubborn self, urged them to pick up their lives, or at least the bits and pieces that were left.
“Did Bruce—”
Deep inside, Tony’s intimidated by all the attention. Then again, all these people came here for him. They didn’t come because they wanted or needed something
“Fourteen,” Tony repeats, making a face like the word leaves a bad aftertaste on his tongue and he suddenly looks straight at Steve, asking accusingly, “So why don’t I look fifteen years older? I know I have good genes, but I should at least have scars after the arc reactor that apparently, I've built myself in a cave. And why the freaking hell do I still have a fading hickey left by Everhart, huh?”
Tony clasps his hands with a smirk that’s fond and a little secretive, but he collects himself quickly to add on a more serious note,
“And the Quinjet has to land somewhere,” Steve adds.
“So, you took the suit for a fly to get first-hand experience?” Steve provides.
“What?”
“Yeah, but for what reason?” Tony snorts. “What is she going to tell her future therapist? That her father came back from the dead after saving the whole universe and her mother didn’t fancy him anymore?”
“Fuck,” Tony lets out, shaking his head slowly. “You’re a miracle.”
Well, Steve’s another story entirely. With Steve he really doesn’t know what to do, especially since the guy seems to be on a mission to give Tony his old life back. And Tony has a feeling that if Steve is so determined to achieve his goals, he’ll do absolutely anything to make that happen.
“I hear ya, buddy,” Tony agrees and moves a finger between them. “You and me? Kind of the same boat.”
Bruce only exhales heavily and focuses on digging into his box again. There is a long stretch of silence where they can only hear another burst of laughter coming from the living space. It’s Peter. He jumps around and shows some tricks with the spider web that suddenly bursts from his wrists and sticks high up the glass part of the ceiling. This allows him to pull himself up and instantly hang upside down, still not stopping to explain something to Steve who is completely taken by it.
“Yep, that I can do,” she confirms and breaks into a smile that seems to be the first one since what feels like forever.
Seating on a bed, he hangs his head with a resigned huff. “Right, that.”
Tony laughs out loud, wrestling with cork.
—” Steve rushes to assure and stops to take a breath as he adds, “We did, sometimes. There wasn’t much time for it most of the time. So, now it’s all really—”
Steve huffs a weak laugh, shaking his head. “Did you do that to Tony too?”
Thor catches his intentions instantly and nods sharply. “So be it.”
“They’ve only seen the suit.” Tony shrugs. “We can tell everyone that someone took it for a spin.”
there is something, okay?), and really, he’s fed up with all the understatements and tiptoeing around facts and events that clearly happened only because Steve stubbornly thinks he needs to fix something in Tony’s life that he screwed up. He really didn’t. And Tony really needs to say all that aloud. Now. But apparently the universe thinks differently because when Tony comes close to his landing spot, he discovers that there is clearly something wrong. For one, there is a big-ass-spaceship casually parked in the garden surrounding his house. And on top of that, Steve is rushing outside, probably warned by FRIDAY, to greet him. His face says it all. Shit.
Just like that he’s able to feel the heat that radiates from Tony’s body. He smells the scent of his skin that is so similar and known, just like the other Tony, and yet it’s also somehow new or maybe forgotten. Because right now Steve realizes that they haven’t been this close and this alone for years. And it suddenly hits him. He understands. He doesn’t know how he didn’t see it. After all, it’s so similar to that time when they were here together seven years ago.
“Tony,” Steve presses again. “Is there something I should know?”
“I think you brought yourself back to this point of time on purpose,” Steve says surly. “I think you wanted to have a normal life.”
Tony rolls his eyes and dismissively waves his hand. “Whatever, fine.”
“Maguna, go to the basement and stay there with FRIDAY,” he orders softly but decisively as he puts Morgan down.
And like an indication of his words, Steve’s hands cling tighter into the fabric of Tony’s suit. His strong arms wrap around Tony’s back, bringing them even closer together.
“About the scandal,” Steve recalls. “About how it can cause instability in SI.”
And Steve takes a moment to think, answering after a bit, “Once, but I failed or maybe I didn’t drink enough. And anyway, I’m not a fan.”
“Steve, listen,” Tony tries, stepping into the room. “Just give me a moment to explain.”
from that moment of time,” Tony provides. “Yes, I get it.”
“So, um-m, I see you’ve been busy,” Steve tries.
“The fridge was empty!” Tony says in lieu of explanation and cracks a sudden smile, “And no one has seen me.”
“Bingo,” Tony chimes. “Now let’s see what we have here,” he says, throwing his hands up to spread the videos around himself.
And Tony wants to finish the sentence for him, but suddenly all words disappear from his mind. Two people get out of the vehicle. One of them is Wanda whom Tony only knows from stories and news feeds and who has been MIA for a few weeks now. And the other— Well, the other person is a
She huffs, clearly annoyed. Steve sees as she holds her chin up. There might be tears in her eyes, but she does everything to hold them back.
And Tony is close. He’s trembling in between Steve’s hands and his lips, grinding deeper and harder. Steve is lost in this. In the sensations and the satisfaction, the pleasure of being able to take Tony apart like that, to make him his. And just when Steve thinks he’ll be happy to do just that, just please this man, Tony comes. The bitter taste spreads in Steve’s mouth when Tony’s deep moan of pleasure resounds in the whole room. He settles between Steve’s hands and his lips, at the verge of collapsing if not for Steve’s arm wrapped around his hips.
“But have you tried?” Bruce immediately jumps on the topic.
He runs his fingers through Steve’s beard, savoring the sensation of hard stubble under his fingertips before he settles them under Steve’s jaw to prop his chin up.
And just like that, he closes the distance between them. He pulls Steve in and crushes their lips together. The kiss is rapid. It’s desperate. Tony’s fingers are clenched in Steve’s hair to hold him close and deepen the kiss. And Steve realizes that his hands are full of Tony too. He slips his arms around the other man, drawing him in. Steve’s palms press into Tony’s back hard. His fingers dig into muscles. And Steve kisses Tony back with the full force of his feelings.
Tony makes a weak sound at the back of his throat, looking back at her with a silent plea but the words slowly fill the room as she speaks up.
Yes, they have a lot to talk about. They might still have tons to learn too. About them. About their history. About their future. Even about their universe. But for now, they need to enjoy this moment. They need to celebrate. They need to
