‘No it... was amazing. The eyeliner, suits you by the way. Sorry, that was probably a bit personal too.’ John laughed nervously.
When he moved Sherlock was ready for him ,dodging the brick and kicking a half empty bag of plaster into his path, Lestrade and two uniforms now visible through the dust cloud.
The weakness of all the greats, they wanted the attention, the adoration. He stood there knowing that Sherlock could simply turn him over to Scotland Yard. That he knew Sherlock wouldn't only made the whole thing more delicious.
‘I don't quite see them using some derelict place.’ Sherlock said, leaning his head against the back of his chair. ‘With some minor business rival possibly, they can delegate that, be hands off -but Greg? Especially if they realise he was involved in getting Joe away, that's personal. With their profile they can hardly be seen going into some smack den.’
All too soon it was over and they were dressing in fresh fatigues.
Leaving Greg behind, he jostled wine glasses as he worked his way deliberately through the crowd.
'I'm sorry.' Sherlock giggled drunkenly and swayed a little. 'The captain and I were just looking for somewhere... quiet.' He gave John an utterly filthy look.
Sod it.
‘Sound?’ He said to the closest officer who looked to a superior for assent before replying.
'Is this Ok?' John said stroking his thigh. Sherlock nodded, breathing hard and the omega carefully released him from his clothes, gently licking at first to get a feel for the alphas sensitive spots. He relished the feeling of control as he slid his mouth down Sherlock's length, eliciting a delicious moan, they were both aching for release. He enjoyed doing this, with the right alpha at least, and Sherlock was so helplessly responsive, not least John suspected, because he was enjoying the show John was putting on, making sure Sherlock saw how his lips and tongue slickly moved over him. The alpha was soon grabbing handfuls of bedding with white knuckles. Obviously fighting the urge to thrust into John's mouth. John took great satisfaction in the full body shudder of Sherlock's all-too-quick orgasm and the complete boneless collapse that followed. The alpha lay back on the bed With a grin. John moved to lie beside him.
' I'll keep a weather eye out. You must look after your sister. Let me know if you're not back by the end of the week. Goodbye John.'
'Hello fiance.' He said brightly as he answered.
‘The answer is yes…’ William whispered, pressing their mouths together fervently. He tasted of good scotch and peppermint.
'Look, can I ask-' John jerked his head to indicate they should step away, not really having to fake any of the nervousness. 'A friend of mine, someone I served with, suggested you might be able to help with um...security.'
'Sorry I didn't mean to pry- you're getting treatment now though? It helps if you've got a sympathetic alpha.'
'Meaning he's lacking a knot.' Sherlock forced himself to look the doctor in the eye, realising with disgust that he was blushing.
John turned sharply to look at him. He hadn't meant to be so blunt. He was blushing hotly still staring at the floor, anxious at what he would see in John's face. The omega turned back to the sink, wringing out a cloth and moving to wipe down the counter.
'Where will we get a cab from here John?' He said picking up his other crutch.
##########
‘We were both on this chemistry course and I don't think either of us wanted to be there. I wanted to paint and he was just too smart, bored. My dad bullied me into going. He meant well, wanted me to have a solid qualification from a good university.’Victor paused to sip his drink, looking sideways at John.
John moved to his desk and scribbled on a slip of paper. 'Phone me later, give me a chance to talk to Greg.' He handed the slip over. 'If you feel unsafe either of you, phone me and get yourselves somewhere public.' John tried to convey a steadiness he didn't feel as Joe left.
'I didn't know you could.' John flopped into the nearest chair.
'Hello, nice work last night. Just to let you know it's going the direction we hoped for. Richard called me this morning and he offered me something.'
He began to mouth at Sherlock's throat as they rutted together. It turned out the alpha had a sensitive neck too and Sherlock gasped and held the omegas hips with a pleasantly bruising pressure as John worked across the pale skin. John knew he'd been marked and he didn't care, but he felt the need to return the favour. Just in case Mycroft brought any more pretty, posh things round.
‘We may need to talk about post shag etiquette with phones. We are literally still covered in….and what are you typing anyway?’ John craned his neck to look at the screen. Sherlock seemed to be in the process of sending Irene a detailed account of their activity. ‘You ever heard the expression too much information? Irene doesn’t need to know all that.’
They all smiled at one another. Quiet, not wanting to jinx it.
'It's fine, I wasn't about to attack him. I just - I'd forgotten what this was like, with both of you here.' Sherlock gazed blankly at the floor.
'Fine, don't rush your
'Yeah, I am a bit.' John glanced at his companion before looking awkwardly round their surroundings. The beer garden was fairly full. It was one of those promising days of early spring. Just warm enough and dry enough to sit outside.
The alpha’s approach, not lewd, not romantic but respectful was a revelation.
sports. He was six foot of lean angles but with an arse that John knew would fit abundantly in his hands in various compromising scenarios.
They left via the main foyer, speaking to the barista in the cafe the abandoned cup had came from. Lopez had been a regular for weeks, though he had given the impression he didn't speak much English.
##########
‘Sherlock?’ Mrs Hudson shouted coming out of her flat, drying her hands on her apron. ‘Someone left you a … Oh!’ She took in John's condition with a knowing smile. ‘Today's the big day is it? It's been a long time coming - I'll put any visitors off at the front door.’
Three on Baker Street itself not including the one he'd seen being scrubbed off the tube station sign by staff. A further seven on the various ways he'd approach the flat on foot. At least five, maybe more (he was trying to avoid the all seeing eyes of CCTV when he checked) within the immediate vicinity of Scotland Yard. Four in the vicinity of Vauxhall Bridge, where he met his homeless network.
Mycroft looked conflicted for a moment. 'He's not the first.'
'He needs to scent you John. You are supposed to be engaged.' Sherlock was rather pleased with the momentary tense silence he created.
'Lucky us.' John mumbled. Sherlock had moved to the sofa where he had flopped down, listlessly glancing through photographs. Pyjamas covering his thin frame. 'Still bored?'
‘We've only just got here. You got a new case or something?’ Sherlock rolled his eyes.
‘Sherlock he had no right...regardless of what you said..’
'If that's how you feel Dr I should tell you that I let Molly Hooper kiss me on the lips up there. I get the distinct impression she may wear out some batteries tonight -she seemed rather - flushed.' Sherlock said, his hand running over John's knee and lightly squeezing his thigh.
‘It's nothing.’
By the way, anyone who's following my other omegaverse story, True Nature. This had not been abandoned, despite appearances and I should be posting a new chapter by the end of the week or thereabouts. This was a first go at case fic and I had written myself into a corner.
Sherlock finished with a loud moan. John was so gentle with him. Aware of his sensitivity as he carefully moved back and cleaned them both up.
Sherlock slid his hands over John's hips, kissing along his spine, before pressing his heavy erection slowly inside. John was tight but almost pulling him in, immediately tensing and moaning as he came again. Just from Sherlock filling him. Sherlock couldn't help feeling a little pleased with himself.
‘Obviously.’ She shot back. ‘Do I get to meet him then? This not so mysterious alpha of yours?’
#########
‘I heard a rumour he was maybe taking something, after he was clean I mean.’
Most people would have found it awkward, the idea of sharing with with someone who they’d kissed, touched intimately. Not Sherlock.
John gently released himself and returned to the breakfast, making tea and stirring porridge while Sherlock got dressed.
Sherlock remembered again how John had stormed off when he saw the marks on his throat. The fear of something. A few disparate pieces fell into place in his head. The need to protect Sherlock, the need to be make their liaison into more. The reaction to a late presenting soldier. There had been an issue with a lover, in the army. A lover John couldn’t or didn’t protect.
‘Well, the expectation was not far at all.’ Sherlock sat, rather primly. ‘If you remember, our hypothesis was the attacker was impotent. I believed he would show himself for what he was not long after I got him in the room.’
. Please, have a shower, tea, whatever people do.’
He sent a text to Lestrade, just the address and a plea for help. John had pulled out the gun and held it ready,every muscle taut.
'We just wait then?' Sherlock bounced out of his seat and paced to the window.The work always made him twitchy but normally it was pleasant anticipation. This was horrible.
Lestrade took Sherlock out to look over the omegas rented studio before forensics got to it. The space was in a converted warehouse, part of a complex with cafe, shops and offices.
He recorded the last of his scrappy notes for this episode on his spreadsheet and closed his laptop. A post it note he hadn't noticed earlier was stuck to the lid.
‘No, problem?’ Sherlock replied innocently. John had helped him on three further cases since they'd met. In only one had there been a medical aspect, a query about diabetes medication. ‘As I say, there has been damage. Art isn't my thing. Am I keeping you from something?’
John stared contemplatively at the artfully twisted slice of lime in his gin and tonic. The drink was overpriced, even by Country house hotel standards, but it was worth it for the few minutes peace. The wedding of Dr Michael Stamford to Dr Molly Hooper had been beautiful. Lovely weather, a touching ceremony and a reception that showed every sign of being an epic piss up. John had hated every fucking second so far.
‘Who have you been talking to? Lestrade?’ Sherlock knew that their caseloads had crossed over in the past but less so since Lestrade had moved to work at headquarters.
‘Yeah, well, she is so..?’ Greg stopped, leaning against the wrought iron fence.
'Not sure. I've not much family, I was thinking Northumberland. I've a couple of friends there and in Scotland so...'
'You're going to have to explain it better than that. An A-Z?' Dimmock stood beside the ambulance where John and Mycroft were being checked over.
Outside the street was quiet a group of tourists walked along slowly, reading an A-Z and pointing up at the architecture. Sherlock ran towards them. 'Entschuldigen Sie bitte!' He shouted, having identified them as German. Then he froze because he remembered, too late, the book that had been on Soo Lin's workbench.
'Its fine, sit.' John said gently. Sitting next to him rather than at his desk.
As they walked through the half-finished building he answered a question from Lestrade about John's whereabouts with a blush and fumbled words. Grateful when the Inspector started to describe a particularly gory cold case he was working on as a way to cover the awkwardness. It was just getting interesting when they both heard the flap of heavy polyethylene. They looked at each other for a second- the day was windless-before Sherlock took off in the direction of the noise. Lestrade following behind, shouting into his radio.
'I'm sure I've been forced to go to the party for a cousin or something.' Sherlock said vaguely, tying his scarf.
'You're still here.' He blurted to John who sat calmly on the sofa flipping through a newspaper.
They sit together on the sofa, initially in each other's arms but drifting apart as daylight fills the room. John trying not to glance at the clock.
Joe nodded, edgy. 'Everything alright? Is Richard on his way?' John asked.
That said ,this time he'd had no issues. He felt utterly spent, a little sore and with the mental clarity that only the cocktail of pheromones an alpha gave off during a heat could provide.
John felt sort of privileged to have heard the story, Sherlock gave so little of himself away normally. He had long assumed the detective had some sexual history, he was too attractive, too curious to have entirely avoided that aspect of life.
'Graeme will ask you quietly about it at some point, offer help, public humiliation is not his style. He will immediately see it as another opportunity for you to owe him. Combined with what appears to be your covert and subtle handling of the dead omega from the other day you are well on the way to being his favourite member of the Met.'
‘Well I - will give it some thought.’ Sherlock made a show of hugging himself a little, and a matronly paramedic wrapped the blanket back round him with a gentle smile. Just then he noticed John, standing the other side of the police tape looking at him innocently.
'I'm sorry about earlier. I didn't mean to scare you.' Sherlock said carefully moving two steaming mugs to the table and dropping heavily into a chair.
###############
'Ok, I'll take this one then-and thanks. You didn't need to get me anything. It's just not something I'd have done, left you in hospital on your own.'
‘Sherlock it's a handprint! Who…?’
'Three more weeks.' The tour was nearly over and they'd been seriously short handed recently. Home leave couldn't come soon enough.
'I thought you'd be saying I'm too close, emotionally involved.' Sherlock spat the last words.
John got up and moved in front of the window, turning to face him. ‘Sherlock you have a magnificent arse and I won't deny that I would like to fill it, fill you,
##########
'In the army but also after... after your injury, your discharge. It made you feel...something-as opposed to nothing.' Sherlock drew him closer it felt protective. It was too heavy a subject for them to be dwelling on now but there was something about it having been acknowledged that let him relax. Sherlock must have felt it and he laughed a little. 'The only question now is do we sneak off or brazen it out?'
‘No it's fine.’ John said, taking a fortifying sip. ‘It's just weird that's all.’
Before he had a chance to react something was wrapped round his throat, pulled tighter and tighter.
‘Sherlock wasn't his sort of person.’ John broke in.
‘Hi.’ Matt croaked, mouth obviously dry. John reached for one of the bottles and opened it before handing it over.
'He did mention dizziness and nausea.'
'No its...fine, these days its numb more than anything. Its just-ugly.' Sherlock knew John wasn't really talking about it's appearance. The doctor, having worked in such a macho environment, must know scars could be considered sexy. The confident, almost cocky persona that had persuaded him to dance, to invite a stranger to his room had peeled away revealing the damaged man below. Sherlock was not prone to empathy, it blunted his brain, slowed his work, but he wanted to enfold John in his arms and melt what troubled him away. He could try.
‘It gets better.’ The cabbie said, gesturing for Sherlock to follow him out of the cab and into an all but deserted college building. Not where he personally would have chosen but interesting. Not as obvious, cliched, as some waste ground at least. They made their way to a lab classroom, sitting opposite each other on tall stools.
and so on provided alphas aplenty but the thing was, they lied. Lied about their age, height. Worst of all they lied about their
‘Anyway,I was wondering if you’d care to do the honours as it were.’ John said squeezing Sherlock’s arse. It had been a long time since John had bottomed but with Sherlock’s lovely cock, lovely everything really, the idea appealed.
The scenting had been less awkward than Sherlock had feared. Anthea had been a field asset for years and such subterfuge was second nature. The needful was done, clinically. If she sensed his inexperience, his clumsiness, she gave no sign. For that he was grateful.
'That was lucky.'
‘I wouldn't take it.’
He’d deliberately left his phone in the kitchen, out of reach. He was expecting some report about the executed warrant, the raid on the brothel, from Lestrade and every so often there was the tantalising ping of a new message. Even with John and the approaching heat it was frustrating to be in the flat when the game was so decidedly on.
‘I'm sorry.’ He said pulling away. ‘I can't, it's for the best.’
‘Not all alphas think so. They don't like that I'm taller than they are.’ Sherlock said, babbling, unable to leave a silence. He'd been rejected more than once by alphas who seemed so unsure of themselves that an omega had to be fragile, frail. It had stung if he was honest.
There's more divergence from season 1 than with previous chapters. I'm still hoping to be in the spirit of The Great Game though.
'Why would you want to suppress being an alpha?' John could not understand this for a second. He had made peace with his own body's complications-but to be an alpha. The control, dominance, a whole society that revolved around your need to breed.
John examined the fit of the shirt in the immaculate expanse of mirror.
'Do you think? We've been working on it for a couple of weeks...' Lestrade looked doubtful as he nodded an acknowledgement to John.
‘Hang on we’ve…’ John was about to say we’ve only just met till he remembered. This was transactional, he wasn’t on a date, wasn’t going to wake up next to this man tomorrow . ‘Yeah, why not?’ John casually sipped his wine as if he did this all the time.
Headlights flashed across the insubstantial canvas ceiling above him. The intrusion reminding him that this was against regulations, several. John could name them, he'd looked them up. He didn't care.
They were heading for the hotel where Niall Gray had last been seen. Mycroft had assured him it was pointless, there was nothing there. At first glance Sherlock wondered if his brother was right. It was difficult to conceive of a more anonymous building, a brick box wedged between a dual carriageway and a business park. Cheap and decidedly not cheerful. The assistant manger showed them to the room.
Sherlock's mouth was already on his, long fingers impatiently pulling the robe away, the pile of fabric sliding to the floor. John let himself sink into the bed, a wave of alpha pheromones encouraging him to slip into a warm, submissive place, even if only for a moment.
Finally, in a slight lull in the conversation Graeme sat back looking pleased with himself.
'Don't tell Molly,' John rasped out next to his ear. ''but I could hardly take my eyes off you all day.'
Lestrade patted him on the shoulder awkwardly. ‘Honestly you don't. You've just got to trust to instinct.’ Lestrade chewed his lip, obviously looking for something more positive, useful to say. ‘There's less blood than you'd think, I can say that. Also, in the moment, you can see it's what they want.’
'Good as new are we?' John said as they came through the door. 'I know that cast came off early. Don't want to know how you persuaded them.'
He wanted to kiss William observe what might be called the romantic proprieties, that innocent slippery slide of lips and tongues. He was surprised how much he felt the need to but then that mouth, soft and pillowy.
'No it's fine.' Sherlock replied quietly, knowing they'd never be talking like this if they were eye to eye.
'Thank you Mrs Hudson, you're a star.' John said, getting up and taking the dish from her.'Isn't she Sherlock?' He got a noncommittal noise from the alpha and he shared an eye roll with the landlady as he saw her out of the flat. They chatted for a few minutes on the landing about the light that was now mysteriously not working before she took her leave.
'I know- it's the hormones. It's why I advise patients not to rely on condoms in their heat. After a couple of hours, some couples, they both want to be pregnant so badly they don't use them. I do want ...to talk about it at least, later though yeah?'
‘You are explaining yourself perfectly.’ John reached up to kiss his cheekbone. The sharp edge under smooth skin just what he’d imagined. ‘When I got home that night I did as you suggested.’
When it was time for the meal he seemed to disappear. A wise choice John had thought ruefully as he sat through the speeches and the mundane chatter at his table. He slipped away before the first dance, knowing that with Mike and Molly it would be nauseatingly treacly.
Joe took it calmly, a little too calmly for John's liking, so he did something he never did. He asked to speak to the alpha. Richard was borderline aggressive as you would expect post bonding but he took the information in at least. John ended the conversation by suggesting he made sure Joe ate a little and drank plenty.
He paused, this would take some explaining, on both sides. ' Yeah, we could sort something out.'
' Looks closed but isn't in contact to activate the alarm.' The door swung open on to a narrow alley. The original cobbles slimy green. Sherlock moved gingerly around piles of cardboard.
The man turned for some reason, caught Sherlock's intention in his eye. He shoved a group of elderly tourists aside as he made a dash for the escalator. Sherlock was after him but whether it was the stiffness or his large breakfast his legs were sluggish. He stumbled and half landed awkwardly on his forearm before righting himself. Just as he saw the man reach the bottom of the escalator another figure at the edge of his sight line caught his attention.
Sherlock released him slightly.
Molly checked a clipboard. 'Not at all. He'd been- you know-thawed.' Her mouth fell open as she caught up with Sherlock's thinking. He was left for you. Fuck-who does that?'
‘Sherlock!’
'CCTV and one guard.' Sherlock replied, staring into the still lit lobby of the building. 'Only CCTV downstairs, that bank of monitors at the desk looks impressive but only covers the finished floor. Once we get in and up the stairs it should be childs play. We'll go in the side entrance while we create a distraction.'
"Quiet." John looks at Sherlock, keeping his fingers laced on his lap. Sherlock reaches for John's fingers, but John pulls away. Sherlock leans forward, parting his lips, his brow furrowed.
Sherlock hadn't ever woken up with others in his hospital room before. The staff in all the local hospitals knew better, after previous failed attempts, than to place him with any type of roommate. They provided the minimum care needed, then let him do as much as he could for himself. This was not cruel, or neglectful. This is how he had trained the staff with his prior behavior. Being alone was he liked it. He was the one who nursed himself back, staring at walls until the nurses and doctors made their rounds, approving him fit enough to go home, lying him if he needed to about someone being with him to take care of him.
"Get. Out."
"Here, darling, you must eat, just a bit," John encouraged, rubbing Sherlock's back as he offered him a small piece of bread with the other hand, "you have to earn your strength back."
Sherlock didn't speak, but John felt him wrestling something out of his pocket. John felt empty as Sherlock withdrew his fingers. John then roared his head back as he felt just the head of Sherlock's lube covered cock rubbing over him in circles, dipping in him just slightly, then pulling out. Teasing. Stretching slightly. Rolling around the edges of his opening, dropping lubricant over his quivering hole as he did so.
“Not enough sugar,” Sherlock held it out. John gave him a stern look but spooned some in nonetheless, then went to find Sherlock’s discarded cup. He needed tea—he wasn’t distraught, exactly, but he was uneasy.
"The skin would be good in the winter, though." he said. It was hard to give up an additional source of warmth.
“Once, I saw Philemon give a fox a bloody nose with his wing. They’re wickedly strong.”
Sherlock did not react immediately—as though John was proposing supper or chores instead of an excursion that he had wanted to do for some time.
“True.” She grinned. “Now, are you going to drive back with me or should I just go down to the farm quarter by myself and set up lunch?”
“You do. And a lover, at that. More than one.” Sherlock was clearly fascinated, but John felt his past boil up inside him, threatening his hard-won equanimity. His left hand clenched and unclenched. He strode ahead.
“I’m a genius, full stop.” Sherlock said, and swept into the house.
“Good morning, all,” said the taller of the two. If she were born in Canada, Sherlock thought, he’d eat his hat; her accent held the ringing tones of someone who had at the very least, seen people hunt, and more likely led the hunt—it positively echoed.
"Right."
Also, “Platonic” is sometimes still capitalized mid-century. I’M SORRY I HAVE VICTORIAN SPELLING FEELS OKAY.
Sherlock felt John tense from six feet away, but he did not quite dare deduce the tension, fascinated as he was by the slide of Frank’s member into Clara. Clara pushed back against it, easing its entry. Sherlock bit his lip. Certainly he had seen animals copulate before, but never had it seemed so immediately relevant to his own experience. The heavy ache in his own lower abdomen was back. He bit his lip harder to dissipate it, with limited success.
John let his eyes fall closed for a final time, and slept.
Sherlock nodded. He felt the ring of sincerity in John’s voice and his vague unease was soothed.
“He is.”
“They may have. I had…one friend, of a sort, and he kept the others away in exchange for information.”
“I know what you mean, John, but it is the most marvelous day.”
And then, one sunny afternoon, Sherlock deliberately let Harry into the cabin and ignored her while she wreaked havoc.
“Did you want to water the horses?” John grinned.
“Can we ride back about half a mile?” he asked. John nodded, and they remounted (John swung easily onto Arthur’s back, damn him, though his legs were much shorter than Sherlock’s).
“Number 10 for the Timber Wolves. Very observant.”
There was nothing at the door of the cabin to cause alarm, but John knew that that meant little, given the calibre of the threat they were dealing with. He stepped cautiously into the room, shielding himself with the door, and allowed his eyes to adjust to the light.
John was already stiff in his drawers—typical morning distension—but he became even more so as the sheer sensuality of his position became clear to him. They were in contact from head to toe, Sherlock’s large, warm, naked body burning against the skin of John’s back and thighs. His hand shifted to hang softly against John’s knee, elbow uncomfortably close to the tent in John’s rough linen drawers. John shivered with the strength of his desire.
John writes 200 pages of an erotic novel. Guglielmo reads it and points out inaccuracies. The book never gets finished; there’s always one more kiss that must be given, now, right now.
“That can’t be right.” Sherlock said.
“I made dinner,” Sherlock said, appearing from the kitchen, handsome in a pearl-grey shirt, and taking the cups of coffee from John’s hands. “Thai.”
“John!” Uncle Gregory said gruffly, after it had become clear that John wasn’t going to move. “Bedtime.”
In fact, though John had gone to sleep with a tight ache in his balls, he woke with a smile. He looked at Sherlock’s bare back in the early morning glow and felt like the luckiest man alive. Last night had been just the right side of too much--maybe this challenge would be a pleasant source of excitement instead of the helter-skelter rush of their usual excitement.
“I won’t deduce, if you prefer me not to.”
“It’s—it’s not that, Sherlock.”
Then, he stopped.
In fact, John admitted to himself, he had expected Sherlock to be calmer and more tractable, but those hopes had been summarily dashed. Though Sherlock had been increasingly focused on his investigations and experiments, he had been extraordinarily aggravating in his personal habits. He had spent the rest of that fateful day attempting to identify the dog hair and its source, without luck. Then, he had decided that the best solution to his intellectual impasse regarding the source of the dog hair was to attempt to find a substitute for tobacco. The various rank “cigarettes” that he produced over the subsequent days drove John ever wilder, and the tension in the cabin had risen rather than dropped.
"I do know that."
“Sherlock,” John said, urgently.
“Lean on your elbows,” John encouraged. “Come on, now, steady. Open your mouth.” Sherlock stared up at him, his lower lip protruding in the most ridiculous pout. “Tea, Sherlock.”
“John,” Sherlock breathed.
"This parcel doesn't happen to be named Sherlock Holmes, does it?"
With great satisfaction, he grasped the v-neck of the string vest and ripped. Sherlock’s breath hitched as the garment tore from one side to the other, and his hips bucked up against John’s.
“Goodnight, John,” Sherlock replied, and they smiled at each other again.
“Okay. But where does my mouth come in?”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed into his skeptical expression, and John rejoiced, inwardly.
The moon had disappeared behind another cloud, but the white blaze on Idiot Horse’s face was a beacon in the starlight. She made no noise as he approached, tossing her head in what looked like approval to John’s befuddled mind.
Sherlock launched himself into the tale, and told it with verve. John found the conversation with the moose especially hilarious.
It was not the key to the mystery, Sherlock thought, but it was something. He could finally
He watched Sherlock flip their omelettes onto plates. One of them was broken into tiny bits; Sherlock covered it with a piece of bread and handed John the unbroken one.
“A little experiment.”
Was John bringing himself off now? The tension in his shoulders as he had fled the cabin suggested that he was.
“Cock,” he wheezed, when he surfaced, spitting out water and a stray twig or two.
“Oh! Do you suppose I could interview him?”
“Sherlock.”
Sherlock shot him a withering look.
Miss Kuskatoo’s face as he said this was a study in contradictions: relief, anger, and laugher played across her delicate features.
, now—and considered the problem.
"Yes," Sherlock breathed, after what seemed like a long time.
Sherlock frowned and then, with the hand that had not touched the squirrel, moved the cheese as well. Might as well allay John’s fears, and since he, Sherlock, had no intention of cooking today, their lunch (and probably dinner) might as well be protected.
." Sherlock threw himself on the settle.
Sherlock was not certain. He felt shaky, dizzy, short of breath; his brain was not the efficient machine but rather a confused jumble of sensation.
Mycroft takes the cameras out of 221b. Mrs. Hudson writes newsy letters to the Calabrian landlady.
“She missed you. Let’s open it together.”
The strawberry patch scene is gloriously self-indulgent but can you IMAGINE Sherlock’s hands, tipped red with strawberry juice, waving around? I can, and I do it frequently. There’s an alternate universe in my head where John breaks and just sucks one of those fingers into his mouth and they bang right there. Then they leave their clothes in a heap outside and go to bed again and when they get up in the morning Harry’s eaten every stitch they own but they don’t care because their testicles are free and so are they.
, did he? Honestly." John was about to protest, but Sherlock continued, apparently bent on explaining himself. "Quite by chance, I had gotten hold of what I believed to be a hybrid between a domesticated dog and a coyote, a hybrid I wished to examine for anatomical irregularities before it decayed further."
I got the cold convent school idea from a throwaway remark in An Old-Fashioned Girl, by Louisa May Alcott. Also, can you imagine Mummy Holmes and Mrs. Hudson together at convent school?
He cast his mind back to his medic course. They had really only touched briefly on genitalia. Hygiene had been covered, but that was not an issue in Sherlock’s case, as he valued cleanliness at all times. There had been a brief lesson on the dangers of both sexual excess, which would lead to a sapping of the fighting spirit, and abstention, which would lead to the aforementioned testicular congestion. He pushed aside the brief sentences on inversion; he could not honourably repeat them,  loving women and men as he did, nor did he think it was any use for Sherlock.
“I should have known,” John said, angry at himself, “I should have guessed; you were so quiet. You’re hypothermic!” His hands were pulling at Sherlock’s coat, making quick work of the buttons. Sherlock could neither resist nor help, he simply sat, still overtaken by shivers.
“What, now?”
Sherlock watched him take the ladder with a slight smile, and felt a stab of sympathy for John’s hard life—and now he was saddled with an unwelcome guest as well. Nothing would atone for Mycroft's manipulation, but he could, he supposed, contribute more to the running of the household than simply unskilled labour like dishwashing. That would certainly placate this small, angry man, and perhaps allow for greater freedom than Sherlock himself would otherwise enjoy. And, Sherlock could not help but admit to himself, John Watson was almost as interesting as his geese and his backwoods.
John woke alone, and for one brief, terrifying moment he thought that the prior day had not happened at all.
Sherlock’s only thought had been to observe John interacting with the geese alone, but he had remained frozen as John had performed the intimate act which had been his clear intention. As it had unfolded before his eyes, he had been powerless to move. Only John’s strangled exclamation upon seeing him had given his feet wings.
“In a manner of speaking. I’ll fetch my cane.”
“Salt pork, too. Are you regular?” Sherlock broke into his thoughts, and John revised his last thought. Not heady—uncomfortable, intrusive.  Ridiculous, even.
Sherlock stood around awkwardly as Mrs. Hudson and John got into place. It was clear that this was a well-choreographed event: Mrs Hudson led Frank out of sight behind the old shanty, and John untied Clara and followed at a distance. Harry had been shut up in the barn, and she was making her displeasure felt; Sherlock heard kicks and thumps as well as Harry’s increasingly frantic yelling. He went behind the shanty as well.
“Do you suppose there are any birds’ nests in there?” Sherlock said, dodging the question. Somehow he couldn’t quite bear to have John question his devotion to the goats; it seemed too close somehow. He took up his teacup and followed John out the door, ignoring the goats complaining noisily on their tethers.
He rolled over and buried his face in the blankets. The bolts of sensation intensified as the weight of his body came down on his cock and he gasped in spite of himself. His skin felt itchy and his face flushed, and his testicles certainly felt congested.
"John," Sherlock said seriously, "You can always retain my interest." He bit John's ear, and then his neck. Electric sparks ricocheted down John's spine to his cock, and he felt himself dripping onto Sherlock's hand.
Molly’s surname comes from the 1901 & 1911 census of Ojibwe families in Brunswick, Ontario: https://acanadianfamily.wordpress.com/2017/08/25/census-surnames-4/#more-75689
“Hmm,” Sherlock’s mind whirred. “So would you say the likelihood of seeing that again be high? Foxes are attracted by food sources, and you have these chickens, but do the geese protect the chickens?”
towards Frank.
Gregory considered. He remembered John’s stony face at the funeral, and put aside, for a moment, his disdain of cats.
“She knew that, too.” Oddly, Sherlock felt no jealousy towards this ghost of John’s past.
John held out his hand, disconcerted despite himself as Sherlock’s much larger hand engulfed his.
"I don't know..." Sweet Mary, fake Mary.
. They bickered a bit over what to wear, if there would be flowers. They went through life as normal, arguing and acting as Sherlock and John, but with their wedding ahead of them. A wedding, a marriage, that John had no intention of annulling, a wedding that John was unsure they would ever consummate.
Sherlock took a while to answer, "This just wasn't the way it was supposed to go, I was supposed to convince you it was temporary, and for a case, and I had speeches prepared for how I had to do it this way and only this way. You were going to do fake relationship for the case, but only under duress, this isn't going how I imagined it at all. You surprised me."
Sherlock couldn't help but laugh. The entire situation was quite funny.
"Where have you been? I had to call Mycroft to check the CCTV to find out what direction you'd gone in, you've been gone for hours. I was worried that you'd somehow been kidnapped or hurt. You weren't answering your phone. I thought you'd left-"
When they were sitting, knees touching, Sherlock pulled out his cell phone so John could see it. As John read the messages from Mycroft, Sherlock's jittering leg was so distracting that John moved closer to still him.
The farmhand looked at Sherlock as John laughed. John stepped in between to introduce them. The lead farmhand was Marcus, and would run the farmstead on John's absence and move to the Holmes estate. John surprised Marcus by indicating that he could move into the main house when the husbands left.
life, that the plush anonymity of a good hotel provided. That he Sherlock Holmes, consulting detective and toast of Scotland Yard was not the same as Sherlock Holmes needy omega.
The older alpha regarded him closely. ' Look, I know you got started on that stuff, the suppressant and the coke, because you couldn't cope. Now though you can manage the rest of your head. You've got that mind palace up there.' Lestrade tapped his temple. 'You must have a room you can just put it in, alpha stuff, when it's not needed.'
Sherlock had taken the drive and plugged it into his laptop. He shook his head. 'We haven't the software but I recognise the file type. Camera feeds.'
'I know you've got family stuff but will you be up for being demure again if needed?'
The whole conversation about the undercover thing suddenly seemed like a welcome change of subject.
Sherlock instinctively tightened his grip for a few seconds but nodded against the sandy hair, brushing a damp lock off his forehead.
alpha was now going to have to scent Anthea.
'Thank you for the files.' Sherlock said, with, he thought, no less sincerity than usual.
There's something I should tell you.' Sherlock started so hesitantly that John paused, putting his forkful back on his plate. 'Actually its easier to show you. Come on.'
'This must be John.' A posh female voice came at him from behind and he smiled warmly as he turned. 'Mrs Holmes?'
'I meant to ask, what are you comfortable with physical contact wise?' Greg said quietly.
‘I'll take the gun please.’ Sherlock said, calling his bluff. The cabbie hesitated before pulling the trigger, the small gas flame pathetically flickering for a second. ‘Well I look forward to the court case.’ Sherlock smiled tightly and made to leave hesitant because this, to him, was a problem only half solved.
‘ I’m pretty sure you could search this flat all day, you wouldn’t find anything you could call recreational.’
Sherlock stared at him for a moment before pulling himself up to sitting.
Upstairs it was a little more business-like. Greg was swearing under his breath at a laptop while Sherlock was draped over his chair, tie rakishly undone. Like a bored James Bond.
He was just telling Greg about how well his sister was doing when the inspector’s phone went. Greg excused himself to take the call and Sherlock, obviously hoping for something interesting, followed him.
##########
Raz nodded, relieved he'd worked it out. ' I remembered him being with you. I got chatting to the receptionist, he works a few other places too. A couple of them are tagged and then there's this.' Raz swiped to an image of a white handrail a chain of several eyes in a deep purple seemed to wind around it. The effect was oddly serpentine and the association made Sherlock's gut twist unpleasantly.
‘Hang on! I've still got questions.’ Lestrade made to follow him.
Greg leaned across and kissed John's hair, the colourful lights of the dancefloor behind them reflecting off his face.
'I will resist the urge to point out that this was your idea.' Sherlock said smoothly as they got out of the car.
'I don't know if I'd be a good bond mate John. You should know. Less still a good parent.'
The next couple of hours were a bit of a daze. They cleaned themselves up and John heated the soup Mrs Hudson had left. They were curled together on the sofa, John beginning to idly wonder how soon the fabulous smelling alpha beside him would be ready for another round, when a text from Greg reminded him that they did ,actually, have something to do tonight.
It had been a long few days. locum shifts juggled with helping Sherlock. Only a house breaking but the house of a cabinet minister containing who knew what secrets. Sherlock found the hole in their security and pocketed a decent fee. A proportion of which he had a agreed to spend on appropriate lab glassware and ‘food only’ crockery and cutlery for the flat. The eccentric use of the kitchen being one of the few things they had issues with as flat mates over the last two months.
'Yes but something...something is wrong here.' Sherlock moved around looking at the area from different angles before snapping a couple of pictures with his phone. He then propped one crutch against the wall, pulled out one of Lestrade's stolen warrant cards and pounded on a door. It was opened by someone in chef whites and the detective disappeared inside for not more than five minutes.
‘No, right from the very beginning Lauriston Gardens. John, will you come with me?’ He felt the need of the the soothing presence.
‘It’s not a trick.’ Sherlock said sharply.
‘You misunderstand me. I was pushing him. We hit a sore spot you see, when we mentioned Van Coons enemies.’
As Sherlock caressed the skin he thought it did seem slightly rounder than usual - though he knew it was fanciful this early in the heat. He slid his fingers round the imagined curve wondering, again, how this would feel with a pup growing inside.
'Go on, tell me what you think.' Lestrade mimicked his posture.
'Dull.' Sherlock rolled his eyes as they walked out into the shop, the staff were all suspiciously busy around one display with a good view of the fitting room door.
'He came to my flat. He asked me to help him to track down something that was stolen.'
‘When I went back to the university hoping to see him they told me he'd left. Someone told me quietly there had been drugs involved, that he's got in with a wild crowd.’
The waiters produced two brooches as well as a wad of notes.
'Some sort is right. We know he's into drugs but nothing we can use in court. Now we think he's involved in omega smuggling as well- actually I'm certain of it. You remember that boy a couple of months ago killed by his mate in a stupid fight?'
‘I can bring by food as needed. Just consider it, meet him?’
'I'm on contraceptive pills and I know I'm clear. I've been tested at work . What about you?'
'Thanks, appreciate you coming out at this time. Bring you dinner tomorrow?' Lestrade asked as they walked back to the road.
‘Thanks. I wasn't looking forward to finding a cab. John moved across the room towards the hallway. Out of interest, where do I get to sleep tomorrow?’
Sherlock nodded. 'Or perhaps, with your inevitable aggression and sexual frustrations at knowing your omega has been with someone else.' Either way if you're wearing recording equipment you'll have him admitting criminal activity.'
‘Who’d want to kill him?’ John asked.
‘A likely story.’ John said with a weary eyebrow raise.
‘Sherlock, not to put you off but the financial experts have crawled through them, several times.’
Sherlock shed his coat with a weary sigh, Lestrade could be stubborn when he wanted to be and Sherlock hadn't the energy to argue.
Sherlock smiled sheepishly. 'When you said I had to talk to Molly I thought she might cry.'
Sherlock was reluctant to start taking clothes off in the car, so public with his omega so vulnerable. He loosened off John's trousers though, slipping a hand inside his underwear. The slippery weight of John's cock in his hand was almost shocking as he glanced outside at the traffic only a few feet away. The windows were tinted but he threw the skirts of his coat over John's lap for good measure.
'New Years Eve 1949. An alpha was killed in this alley. His omega was the prime suspect, his behaviour gave her plenty of motive, but she was working three streets away in a busy pub.'
By the time they got home John was exhausted again. He knew the combination of the forced heat and sedation would wipe him out but he was still irritated with himself when he collapsed into bed. Sherlock's bed, their bed. To his irritation the sheets were clean and all he could smell was lavender fabric softener, no trace of alpha scent, as he fell asleep.
‘That's the funny thing. She hates the brothels, from a business point of view. Ranted on about how he'd ruined everything, that they were almost clean.’
‘Yes.’ Sherlock said, staring. John wondered if he’d ever actually seen a hard cock that wasn’t his own before. He looked like he wanted to devour it and John, god help him, wouldn’t have stood in his way.Sherlock, observant as ever, held up a small bottle of lube.
He nodded to two of the bridesmaids as they came back inside, shivering in too-thin pashminas. Judging by the flirtatious smile he got in return his chances had improved from earlier and he was just about to follow them back into the party when something caught his eye.
John felt his hips buck and tightened the grip on the curly head moving in his lap. 'Sherlock I'm close.'
'God yes.' John whispered. Eyes glued to the alpha' s cock until Sherlock emptied himself onto his stomach.
John's hands went straight to his hair, brushing it off his face and looking at him hard. As if he was trying to remember, to find something. He kissed him gently, pulling back to let Sherlock come to him, which he did, arms winding round Johns neck.
'Let me.' John said moving in and stilling his hands. 'I've been thinking about ripping your clothes off you since I first saw you.'
'No one special, just the usual.' His hand went, to a spot above his collarbone where Sherlock had left him with a plum coloured bruise. The movement was unconscious but Harry spotted it, pulling his shirt aside.
This time it was the dream. The old dream that had violently pulled him awake so often before. He could all but taste the smoke and dust in the back of his throat. His ears ringing with gunfire as he woke up to the bland calm of his suburban life. The steady breathing of his wife, his wife who had once known the sound of gunfire all too well, almost an insult.
'Hmm.' The alpha half growled around his length and he was done for. John came, going limp in his chair. Sherlock was kneeling in front of him, naked apart from the dressing gown round his shoulders. John was treated to a view of the alpha slowly stroking his own cock with a lubricated hand, bringing himself to a messy and copious orgasm. As a doctor John shouldn't be as impressed as he was by the volume of semen an alpha produced.
' That Gill one is a bit ripe isn't she. Must be close for it to linger like that.'
The alpha nodded. ‘No rush get comfortable and have some tea. I have emails to finish anyway.’ The alpha turned back to his laptop. It was as if they were about to have some sort of meeting.
‘She’s not merchandise not to him, he was standing guard over her until she was able to use this he waved a train ticket. ‘It’s an open ticket, Durham. He probably has family in that area.’
Searching for reports of similar crimes was part of his usual process but he hadn't expected to find one
He sighed and opened his mouth to answer but John stopped him.
'Well, he's sedated. As you know he is in a chemically induced heat. The patch he was exposed to is usually used by omega's with fertility problems. Since John has no issues in that regard his response has been rather volatile. Spiking temperature, exceptionally high levels of certain hormones...'
#######
Sherlock glanced out of the car window.
John remembered. He recalled watching the surreal images of snow covered motorways in a tinsel decorated mess tent while he’d been deployed. He also knew, though he didn't mention it, why it stuck in Harry’s mind.
‘It's for shock.’ Lestrade said by way of explanation.
‘You mean hopelessly romantic.’ John said with a smile. Sherlock shrugged, as if they were the same thing.
'Why?' Sherlock said sharply, pulling off his coat.
John sighed and shuddered against Matt's shoulder as he emptied himself inside the omega. Matt having already spattered the floor below them. It was laughably undignified.
' It's just as well, most of them are idiots. I don't mind. I'd have done the same in your position, well I'd have asked Mycroft to do it for me. I suppose I should take it as a sort of flattery. ' Frank Sinatra and giggles drifted up from the flat below.
Sherlock's lips left his skin with a wet noise. 'Morning.'
‘He wanted to bite me, to bond. That thing you think is so romantic. I disagreed, he pressed the point. He came off much worse don't worry.’
‘Oh, well that's…he’s very suitable but he...’ She looked at him oddly for a moment-her face shutting down to a neutral professional smile. ‘Twice a day as needed.’
‘Well there was Lestrade downstairs, I have a certain amount of martial arts, fencing training.’Sherlock said, matter of fact. ‘So of course when I felt that you were…aroused. I didn’t know where to look.’ Sherlock looked at him now. ‘I thought perhaps if I sort of channeled William now, William who got you to hand over the money, go upstairs with him, got you…’
When he arrived at the police station, via a maddeningly slow suburban rail line, Lestrade was outside leaning on a tub filled with yellow pansies. Staring into space, gasping for a cigarette.
‘She’s cleverer than you lot and she’s dead. Do you see, do you get it? She didn’t lose her phone, she never lost it. She planted it on him.When she got out of the car, she knew that she was going to her death. She left the phone in order to lead us to her killer.’
There was a shuffle on the other end of the phone and then John's voice was clear but broken.
‘Oh - so I am getting to hang around then. Where?’
‘Wonder why it's just her in there. I assume he's glad handing people at the party across the way. Manufacturing himself an alibi.’ Sally said, anxiously watching the screen.
'Sorry-I must have dosed off.' He sat up everything was stiff, he was embarrassed to note he had been resting against Sherlock's leg but the detective slept on oblivious. 'No problem, that's the longest he's slept since he got here, he's been driving the nurses batty. Besides, I wanted to talk to you. I'm Dr Sloan.'
John wondered when they'd become We. They certainly hadn't been We when they were deployed. They'd been separate entities other than when they were fucking.
When his breathing has got back to normal he adjusted his scarf in the mirror. The marks on his throat were reddish though not as widespread as he'd feared. There had been no hesitation, they'd done this before, probably many times. Within the last few days this organisation, perhaps this very individual had killed two, maybe three times. He'd been allowed to live. Why?
Greg turned the tape off.
His last had been spent in rehab, the time before that he couldn't remember. Probably for the best. He did know it was, ironically, the overdose that had saved him from the predatory alpha dealer he'd been desperate enough to buy from.
He would have flounced from the room but the most his crutches would accommodate was a graceless hobble.
‘There's some water in that little compartment love, if you need it.’ The beta female driver smiled at John before closing the screen and leaving them alone.
‘No.’ John was defensive.
‘It was part of the disguise John. Props are vital to maintain an illusion.’
John must have shifted his weight or something because the floorboards creaked suddenly. Piercing eyes snapped open, panicky for a second before resting on John. He then stretched luxuriously.
'Caring, never an advantage.' Sherlock replied absently. He was unable to crouch the way he normally would at a scene. Instead he leaned forward on his crutches swaying from side to side. It was undignified but effective enough.
‘Well, it's been a lot of fun..’
‘There. They've held that place for longest- their first. Why? It's a typical terraced house, there must be a reason.’ Sherlock mused.
'No I don't like it - that much.' Sherlock saw no point in lying. '...but then I can be spectacularly ignorant.'
'I'm beginning to think it's a book everyone would own.' Sherlock said , hands on hips, regarding his own shelves.
He shook the thought away as he opened the flat door. It was mercifully empty and smelled of pine floor cleaner, Mrs Hudson's calling card. He dropped his bag and flopped into his chair.
At this the man glanced over his shoulder and swept a look over John who realised he'd left his stick propped against the bar. He cursed as it supported his therapist’s theory.
.Well intentioned but not what he wanted. He wanted to get off with something other than his own hand. He wanted the frisson of paying for it he wanted excitement.
'So, do you have to do anything today?' John was looking forward to a day off of doing very little. Except possibly spending more time naked with Sherlock.
‘Nothing, just you seem to have a fanboy crush on the people who may be trying to kill you.’
The train hummed along back towards London as they talked.
‘Well, I’m afraid they don’t see it like that and neither does my boss. I hired you to do a job. Don’t get side-tracked. You’re supposed to be the great detective these days. I think you were more use on your hands and knees.’
He'd known there was something off about the alpha. Too loud, too affectionate, trying too hard. He'd organised this one too late , the work taking precedence. His investigations had been less thorough than usual. A mistake he wouldn't make again.
The alpha was already there, still working on his laptop. His scent was pleasant enough, like woodsmoke. He glanced up at Sherlock. ‘How far along do you feel?’
‘Hello!’ Mrs Hudson’s voice preceded her arrival by only half a second and Sherlock was still holding John’s hand when she walked in.
Some primal part of him was appalled at the idea of John coming with him into potential danger, wanted to forbid it.
'Yes please.' Sherlock breathed, his manners making an unexpected appearance.
‘No, no, no.’ John said into Sherlock’s hair as he gently climbed into his lap. ‘I meant this.’ He took Sherlock’s hand and carefully pressed the fingers around both their erections.
'Captain John Watson?'A shout behind him.
'I can perhaps help with that. I'm sure I can squeeze another favour out of Mycroft if I offer to help with something tedious. I'll call him after this.' They were pulling up outside a smart looking refurbishment.
‘There'll be something stands out about it.’ Sherlock said. ‘I’ll know it when I see it.’
'Yeah, even I could have worked out that one.' John said, placing the thing among the clutter on the coffee table and going back out to retrieve a shopping bag. It contained milk and a few other groceries along with a tea towel of still warm scones (Mrs Hudson was a saint). At the very bottom was a pile of mail. Bills and junk that could wait but a handwritten padded envelope addressed to him caught his eye.
Sherlock had know Lukis had a lot of books but hadn't realised Van Coon had a spare room full. It complicated matters that they had both seemed to favour bestseller list thrillers.
'Mercenaries?' John shot back with a knowing huff.
'Upstairs now. I'll talk to her.' John whispered kissing Sherlock sharply on the lips and nodding his head towards the staircase.
'Stay.' Sherlock said automatically, his hand reaching out. The decision taken in some unconscious level, the word out before he had a chance to think.
Barely a four and if the pathologist hadn't trampled the scene like the moron he was it would have been a three. It wasn't worth his time really but he was grateful for anything that provided the slightest distraction. Even Mycroft was no help at the moment, off fixing some mess or other in the far east.
There was a lot said and written about knotting. Pages and pages of the sex guides provided to adolescents were devoted to it, how important it was for strong bonds and relationships. How good it could be with the right alpha. Once the pleasure had passed though Sherlock found it intrusive distasteful. He never ceased to be irritated that ,due to a mechanism designed to give sperm the best chance of reaching an egg, he had to waste his time like this. Somehow John Watson took the edge off of all that. It wasn't anything specific it was just his manner, his presence.
‘We did find this.’ Sherlock said sliding the invoice across the table towards her. ‘We have reason to believe the work is suspect and there’s the name, Ritchie. Did Lestrade tell you about her?’ Lestrade hadn't so Sherlock briefly explained.
Sherlock followed him off the train, he was just passing the ticket barrier and beginning to wonder if his brain was still hormone addled and he'd got it wrong when he caught sight of the mans inner wrist. A small tattoo, a stylised rose, the mark of a gang of thieves who'd targeted wealthy tourists across the city for years until he'd helped Lestrade shut it down last year. Or so he'd thought. He threaded through through the crowd, gradually quickening his pace. He had been planning a quick discreet twist of the man’s wrist up his back and to press him against the wall till Lestrade sent someone. It wasn't to be.
'Sorry mate - I didn't think.'
'That sounds reasonable. I assume his hormones are coming along well enough.'
John nodded. He remembered it well, Sherlock's services hadn't been needed but it had been in all the papers for days.
John settled back into the car and started again on the text to his sister. He had just pressed send when Sherlock returned.
Sherlock didn't think, just acted. It felt freeing. He hastily pulled off the suddenly scratchy robe. Rolling from his side to his belly and rubbing himself on the bed below for a few seconds, enjoying the friction before he realised that would never cut it. He found himself raised back on his knees before he knew what he was doing, stance widening a little.
'I hope this dry cleans out. I like you in this suit.'
‘Sorry …’ Sherlock began.
'Fascinating? Sherlock he's maybe been force bonded , definitely murdered.' John’s skin had turned a pallid yellow-grey. All the warmth leaking out of what remained of his desert tan.
Sherlock barely registered John's comment about Victor and Lestrade as he splayed a protective hand across his back as they walked out of the gallery. He had never known the veneer of civilised society to seem so thin.
'I'd like that.' He said, getting up to follow the younger omega. As he left Greg squeezed his hand affectionately - as a warning.
I'm ...sorry.' He said, glancing at John and then looking away, slipping from John's body and easing away a little.
‘Come on John, not giving me much to go on. Not giving yourself much to read.’ She smiled at their standing joke about his trust issues, reading her notes upside down from across the room.
. Thanks though.’ He said, awkwardly hugging Sherlock’s waist before going back out to Harry.
Sherlock had woke with a startle in the morning to the sounds of the stirring city. John’s scent had changed as predicted. To something deep and rich which Sherlock’s body responded to. For a panicky few minutes he’d been sure the heat was starting then he’d realised that his mate (as he now thought of John) would be awake and distressed if that were the case. This was simply John reverting to how he used to smell, the chemicals finally gone from his system.
'There is no bond.' Sherlock clarified, haughty to cover his embarrassment. At what he wasn't quite sure.
'He was out smoking as usual. Someone from the brothel appears, some minor cog, security most likely. By this time the antibiotics have started to interfere with his heat suppressant, he probably didn't have enough English to interpret the label. He's hours from a heat and smells like it.' Sherlock glances up to check Lestrade is following, which he raptly is.
He turned and walked wordlessly to his room, the alpha's gaze like fire at his back.
Getting John to send the text, showing him the suitcase was all about seeing how far he would go.Sherlock was surprised, impressed. John had been kidnapped, interrogated (sort of) and was now blithely contacting a murderer and concealing evidence from the police.
Sherlock, what is this?’ They were back at Baker Street John was staring into his bowl of food while Sherlock tinkered with his violin at the window. He hadn't touched it in days. Nothing like needing a cock inside you to make you lose your interest in Mendelssohn.
'You fixed my leg.' John spoke lightly in an effort to leaven the moment, because in truth he found this stuff no easier than Sherlock. He brought his chin to rest on th detective's chest staring up at him with what he hoped was his best boyish smile.
‘We should have dinner.’ He said finally, practical. ‘I've got some stuff for pasta you can start to this after.’
Sherlock fidgeted with the orange blanket bemused as to why they kept wrapping him in it.
seeping up through the floor.
'Mother.' Sherlock said, with an odd combination of affection and disgust.
John was clearly irked and on edge. Eyes scanning the platform.
'Together?.' Sherlock said glancing up at John knowing the sparks of desire in John's eyes were mirrored in his own.
Lestrade quickly led him back out of the alley and bundled him into the car. His heart pounding in his chest, he was uncomfortably ,humiliatingly, hard inside his clothes. Lestrade got in and silently drove off. Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut and it was a few minutes before it occurred to him they were heading the wrong way.
When he woke up, sometime near noon on the 23rd. Sherlock felt better, normal,
‘What’s all this then? She said conversationally, sweeping her hand round the room at the paper on the wall, floor,everywhere.
‘He'll sleep.’ Sherlock shot back.
‘Thank you Mrs Hudson, it's fine we were just finished.’
Melissa Graeme was a petite, immaculately groomed, brunette. As they were introduced she gushed about how nice it was to meet him and how lucky Greg was. John got the feeling he was on the business end of a well-rehearsed performance.
'I just meant you perched there, the sofa killing my shoulder-seems daft with all that nice high thread count going begging. I'll lie on top of the covers of course.'
The cab was within sight of the hotel when his phone rang.
The reply came as he pretended to examine a sample under the microscope, aware Molly was watching.
John arrived at Baker street to find Sherlock ushering Lestrade out of the door.
‘Maybe.’ Mycroft said, smiling with effort.
'Sherlock, have you ever been around a newly bonded couple before?' Greg said warily.
‘There’s a hole in our security. Find it and we’ll pay you – five figures.’ Sebastian glanced between them as he produced a cheque. Obviously very pleased with himself to be throwing around such sums so casually. ‘This is an advance. Tell me how he got in, there’s a bigger one on its way.’
John was suddenly aware of other voices approaching in the corridor. Before he had a chance to panic Sherlock had dragged him into a cupboard. To John's relief it was full of mismatched plates and candlesticks, dusty junk. It was unlikely they'd be disturbed in here. Two female and one male voice entered the room, chatting about some film they'd watched as they drew water from the gurgling cooler.
By two in the morning they had found twenty six matches from the collections but none that made a readable message. Molly, who had to work the next day, had gone to nap in the spare room.
' It's not quite that simple.'
‘Nothing. Just left a little message.’ Sebastian swiped the secure door open to reveal a vandalised painting, a line and a squiggle below in bright yellow.
The symbol was a surprise. John pointed it out, scrawled on the back of a piece of cheap porcelain. Number code, of course, it was obvious now. Smugglers would vary in intelligence considerably, code had to be simple.
'Why were you sitting next to me earlier?' John asked quickly, knowing the answer but wanting to hear it.
'Of course it took a long time for any Of the police to trust me enough to let me on a crime scene.' Sherlock said sipping the coffee John had insisted on buying when Sherlock had bought him a first class ticket back to London. To Sherlock it hadn't seemed particularly generous. He simply wanted as much of John Watson to himself for as long as possible. 'So, where are you thinking of moving to?'
He heard Greg speak and then a rumbling noise as if he was moving.
'No, I quite get the picture.'Mycroft held up a restraining hand. 'Did it occur to you...'
(See the end of the chapter for
After the leisurely pace the knotting was shocking in its intensity. John's body contracting around his knot so forcefully that his own orgasm was drawn out, draining-almost literally- as he felt himself pulse repeatedly inside his mate while every muscle tensed to the point of almost-pain and then went completely limp. The little death indeed.
As Sherlock left the room the television erupted into cheering and John grabbed Lestrade excitedly by the arm.
'I thought you were collecting for charity or something.' Mrs Hudson said looking with dismay as the living room of 221b rapidly filled with crates full of books. Motes of dust drifted up from them in the low, late afternoon sun.
John closed the space between them laying his hand on Sherlock's arm, squeezing lightly.
The readings had been different too, elevated yes, but there were hardly any of the huge fluctuations he normally experienced. Then again this wasn't a properly constructed experiment. He didn't usually do this at home.
'I'll pick you up at nine. It should just be us, Graeme, his omega and a couple of his management, unbonded alphas. The last time we sat in this private mezzanine above the main bar. The door at the back leads to where he had the girl last time. For all I know there's a full brothel behind there.'
with you-if you'd have me but like I said-no rush.' John gave him a filthy grin. Sherlock decided he wanted to see that again, soon.
The unwanted company in the other room chatted away as they searched for the non-existent watch.
He wandered back through to the kitchen where John was now washing dishes from dinner.
John came to sit, in the closer chair this time, resting his folded hands on the edge of the bed. 'Look, I'm sorry. I know I must have been a bloody nightmare, especially for, well, someone like you. Next time I'll make sure I'm well gone out of the flat before I'm anywhere close to starting...'
'Not at all. I mean, I'd like to do
‘Yes. I would rather tell Lestrade myself. Internal communication in the Met is not all it might be.’ The alpha handed him a top of the range phone, rather at odds with his plain, functional wardrobe.
He deleted that, soppy was all very well but he only tolerated smileys from John even his mother didn't get away with it.
‘What I said about you that night I may have been, what’s the term? Projecting.’
‘This blog then, what is it for?’ Sherlock said, keen to move the conversation on. It felt intimate, everything felt intimate with John Watson.
'I assume the pathologist will be able to tell you more about his specific line of work from the fingernails.' Sherlock said, turning away.
‘I’ve missed something haven’t I?’ John said, feeling utterly silly half dressed with a hard on as he was.
'There perfect. I need you to look off duty.' Sherlock was slightly pink as he stepped back checking his adjustments. He abruptly took John’s hand before they walked round the corner. A expensively suited beta came out to greet them on the gravel. John couldn’t help worry about sweaty palms.
'Because it's us.' Sherlock supplied. 'Because it's not just about being overwhelmed by pheromones.' The detective turned away and John looked down into his lap.
With that they left and Sherlock occupied himself with a small experiment concerning the effects of acids on plastics.
##########
‘I’m hoping long term to identify variables that affect the duration and intensity of heats. Personal interest but it may have some clinical use.’ Sherlock was a little defensive perhaps. He'd never been asked to justify the thing before.
‘Thanks, almost a compliment I think.’ Victor replied with an amused smile to John.
##########
‘I'm flattered I'm sure. You don't often get locums of John's calibre. How do you know him? Just, I know he's not long out the army.’ Sherlock waited a few beats Dr Sawyer was smart and the penny dropped quickly.
Mycroft ushered Soo Lin into a cupboard before they both hurried towards the main foyer. The light controls were bound to be at the main security desk but he-Zhu Zhi- was already in the gallery above and shots rang out over their heads. Mycroft bodily pulled Sherlock behind a pillar. They stood listening, watching for what seemed like hours. The next single gunshot was sickening because they both know what it meant.
‘Well someone’s trying to get your attention. It’s different from flowers, I’ll give them that. I can see what this is, it’s not random, it’s not about some arms deal, it’s about you. I get it being about you. I can see why they…’ John paused and looked at him and they were back in the flat, during his heat. John’s arousal proud in front of him as he stalked towards Sherlock who was stretching on the bed waiting… ‘anyway. What they don’t realise that I do is you’re…’ John looked at him in a way that made him feel exposed. ‘You’re one of the good guys.’ John looked a little embarrassed and jumped up In the direction of the kitchen, probably to get biscuits.
Easy access to food for the only time he felt genuinely hungry was one reason he always spent his heat in a hotel. An unlimited supply of fresh bed linen and towels was another. Mainly though it was the separation from his life, what he considered his
‘Just milk thanks.’ Lucy smiled at him gratefully.
'Of course we were lucky, John had his service revolver on him, otherwise we'd have lost them.' Sherlock said with a quick private smile to him.
'I'll look after him.' Lestrade said, grinning weakly.
'Did he bother to bring fruit, chocolate? You know, like you usually would to a recuperating relative?'
It was obvious to John as soon as the young man, MacMillan, walked in that he was an omega.The scent was subtle, nothing like the bells and whistles of a presentation heat, but unmistakeable. His reaction to John was even stronger. It was obvious he'd never been in the presence of a compatible alpha before. Five foot ten of burly sunburnt soldier was soon blushing and awkward.
The obviously costly but rather generic meal they were eating and the tired jokes he'd heard as he approached told Sherlock Sebastian was entertaining prospective clients. The whiff of scandal at his firm to say nothing of the loss of face at being talked to this way by an omega would likely be enough to cost Sebastian his next Breitling.
'I can, if that's what you want I thought...' The omega sat up abruptly. 'Things are different out here.'
John paced around him in a narrow perimeter. It was subtle. They were in a station after all, a public place, but it was clear to anyone even modestly observant that John was his protector.
The omega's scent was getting stronger as his heat drew closer. Sherlock, while not distracted with the case, was torturing himself with doubts. He worried about being found lacking in some way, about somehow not being enough of an alpha for John. Or worse, about losing control, being too rough. He tried to focus on the task at hand.
would feel about him now.
'He's decent, and a good detective by all accounts, not sure if that makes him ' very alpha'.' The response was carefully diplomatic. John glanced at him with a smile.
‘Who’s Moriarty?’ John asked.
John sat on the floor beside him sipping his own mug of tea while Sherlock ate and drank. The doctor voluntarily told him the same story as he'd read on his personnel file. He was so open that Sherlock felt almost guilty for having looked into him vicariously.
‘How am I doing?’ John asked. With a playful shuffle of his hips that caused a pleasant shudder deep inside Sherlock.
'but why can't you just take him home and..'
'Hello! Not coming in there was a delivery. I'll leave you to it.' Mrs Hudson giggled as she descended the stairs.
‘No you're right. I'm an occasional locum who lives in a bedsit. I can't write about patients because of confidentiality and I've got bugger all else going on. Are you cold?’
John laughed. ‘ No. Not at all.’
‘I've noticed.’ John said with an eyebrow raise.
He dragged his chair closer to John as the surgeon left. Taking his good hand and kissing the knuckles. 'It'll be alright you know.'
The height difference was mostly leg and John manoeuvred them both until their cocks were pressed together. Wrapping his legs around Sherlock who took the hint, rolling his hips. Rubbing himself on the alpha the way he'd gladly have done in front of a tube station a few weeks ago.
Sherlock must have crept in because the next thing John knew he was in the doorway. Leaning on one crutch, staring at John in a way that made his stomach flip.
‘It must be a shock’ John said gently.
Like this the knot was less of a sudden shock, it crept up on him. Almost one nerve ending at a time. He closed his eyes letting the bliss and relief of another orgasm build slowly.
'Can't you see how a misbehaving omega could be used to you're advantage here.' He'd put a hand on the back of John's chair, fingertips brushing the back of his neck. John, in spite of the company, leaned into the contact.
##########
'You went to your own bed.' Sherlock said suddenly as he pushed his mostly empty bowl away.
John went back over what had been said and then...
‘Is there no one else?
'Excuse me?'
'Now- he has become their puppet, in the power of the one they call Shan – the Black Lotus general.vWhen I turned him away. He said I had betrayed him. Next day I came to work and the cipher was waiting.' She stared into the middle distance.
'I was taking my little brother to the doctor when I saw this.' A familiar eye, A5 sized, powder blue paint, was drawn beside a clinic sign. 'I didn't understand it until I was waiting for him to come out and I saw ...'
High value stock, the security was to be expected but there was something else here. Something that had sent a soldier to his death or at the very least into hiding. 'I may need you to pretend that we are involved.' Sherlock cringed at his vague adjective.
many) but an actor wasn't one of them.
'Good.' John's response was carefully brief, neutral .
Finally he had spent a good half an hour rearranging the area around Sherlock's chair so that everything he could want was within easy reach. It was such a nurturing, such an omega thing to do he annoyed himself.
Sherlock really didn't feel like explaining his brother at the moment so dodged the question. ‘What do people have then in their real lives?’
'We have time. We've hardly moved in ten minutes - must be the roadworks.' Sherlock looked at him, eyes dark with arousal, hand already releasing John from his underwear.
John turned him round and walked him backwards towards the bed. Crowding him onto his back and straddling his hips, leaning over to claim his mouth again. He reached up blindly to open John's trousers and slide his hands inside his underwear grabbing handfuls of muscular arse with a greedy moan.
Greg looked around to get his bearings. 'Furniture shop I think.'
‘Still needs fuel though, Order something just for my peace of mind.’ John leaned closer to his ear. ‘If you don't I’ll hand feed you off my own plate.’
'Got a minute Dr Watson?'
'That's normal- it's good.' John ran the cloth across the surface in slow deliberate swipes. The possessive urge Sherlock had been containing all night suddenly broke free and he stepped closer, when John turned back round there was barely an inch of air between them. They stood for a few beats.
'Just up for water.' The omega said, trying not to show how rejected he felt as he poured a glass out. 'Why didn't you come to bed? I know I smell weird but it'll pass-quicker with you there actually.'John faced the sink, draining the glass after he spoke.
Sherlock stared at his hands. 'We've never been together during his heat I don't know if my response was normal I ...'
They fell silent. Lestrade turned off Baker Street into a lane where he could park and they headed for the door of 221, mindful of it being the early hours. Slipping in quietly so as not to disturb Mrs Hudson he'd called her earlier to let her know what had happened, bits of it at least.
‘No.’ John said, holding back his enthusiasm. It's not like Mike and Molly would miss him.
Sherlock felt his body gradually unwind. Dump the good hormones into his nervous system. The ones that put him in mind of some of the better illicit prescription-only medication he'd taken once upon a time.The fevered need of his heat began to subside like a slaked thirst.
'Like a bastard.' John grinned. 'Sometimes does, even during a heat, but only for a second. Then it's just, really intense, hopefully for both of us. You do know though afterwards we're stuck together for half an hour, no going to check your mould cultures.' The omega reached down to fondly stroke his hair.
'Thanks for coming.' He said, as he saw Sherlock. 'Bit of a strange one, I was walking home and I heard this rattling coming from among those trees' he pointed to where a row of beeches screened the street from the unsightly area behind. 'I thought it was one of the feral cats caught in something so I comes through for a look and there he is.'
In spite of the detective's urgency John took his time, reverently kissing Sherlock's chest and then the curves of his ribs, moving down to the sharp angles of his hip bones and the almost concave skin of his belly.
‘Youve been questioning them all this time?’ Sherlock asked, gears shifting in his head as tried to move into work mode.
'No.' Sherlock said. Setting the book aside.
John nodded, his smile, his confidence gone. The resignation didn't fit him Sherlock thought. Didn't fit a man like John Watson.
‘Thought we were what?’ Sherlock said finally. ‘Before, you said you thought we
‘Just,
'I'll stay till the end of visiting, there's a couple of other people I should go and see while I'm here anyway.' John lied through his teeth. He needed to at least try and clear the air.
He sent the alpha on his way with instructions to come back in a week. He was washing his hands, glad to have dealt with the last patient of the day when Bill slid behind the curtain.
‘No, you're right. I know that's what you did. I'm fine.’ John waved the comment away.There was a pause in which Sherlock failed to correct the past tense and they began walking again.
''Well amazing, ignorant, best shag ever. A lot for one blog post.' John laughed nervously. The doorbell rang. 'Saved by the bell.' John mumbled, stepping away and digging out his wallet. Glancing at the the mess of blown up with photographs on the coffee table as he passed.
Kate was called over and there was a whispered conversation between her and William. She tapped at a tablet before turning it towards John and indicating a large but not, given how gorgeous this man was, unreasonable sum. He counted out the cash with surprisingly steady hands. Kate, he noticed, did not count it again.
'I'm very busy Mycroft.' He said by way of greeting. Not looking at his brother who sank into a chair.
‘How do you get them to follow you?’ Sherlock said, sighing with boredom as the cabbie produced a gun, well, a gun shaped cigarette lighter. Good enough though for the untrained eye. Especially given the dark, fear, alcohol in one case.
They didn't have to hide long in the restoration room till she emerged from a ventilation duct and began work on her precious teapots. Sherlock felt bad interrupting her, she obviously took comfort in the ritual.
Any time he'd received (or given for that matter) oral he'd been high. The act impersonal, rushed.
He was hovering around the hotel room where Lestrade's technician had set up. A powerful telescope stood at the window and a complicated looking laptop was linked to a listening device that was attached to John’s shirt collar. Lestrade himself was waiting at a discreet distance with a phalanx of heavily armed officers, someone senior from serious crimes. It all seemed like overkill to Sherlock.
'The licensing sergeant turned up, he's talking to Jim now. Reports of selling alcohol to minors apparently . Think we should make ourselves scarce.' Greg said,sliding his hand around John's waist.
'He's tanned, but not in any even way, forearms, neck have had a lot more sun than the rest of him. I'd say he's a craftsman or an artist highly paid. Usually lives somewhere warm overseas. That should help you get an ID, no one's missing him, that's why he was chosen.'
‘Bloody hell.’ The omega, propped on an elbow, was looking, John realised, at his cock. ‘I knew alpha were big but....’
Lestrade, with a resigned sigh started to ask questions and took out his phone, presumably to call the local police.
'No one long-term since before I was in the army. Most alphas don't want a bondmate that thinks for themselves let alone one that works in a war zone.'
'Joe, why don't you show John round a bit. Take him up to the flats, these two will likely be looking for a bigger place soon.' The alpha grinned at them. It was the sort of presumptuous, overly personal statement that would have pissed John off even if it wasn't coming from someone who was coldly exploiting John's kind for profit, possibly even just a few feet away. He steeled himself and smiled meekly.
‘John.’ Sherlock's tone halted his little speech. ‘That's it. That's what we've been doing. Melissa Graeme.’ They stood and stared at each other for a second then Sherlock was striding back towards where Lucy was sitting. The public school charm turned on again. His smile almost genuine.
'Close...' John gasped, the leather creaking as, his hips started to jerk instinctively. Sherlock increased the pace his tongue working expertly along the underside of John's length and around the head. John came in a series of bitten off moans. It was the first time he had came actually inside Sherlock's mouth but the detective seemed unperturbed. He discreetly turned away from John to spit into a wad of napkins which he must have lifted at the party.
we were…well doesn't matter. I'll be out of your way shortly.’
'Its just hormones Sherlock, yours and mine and whatever happens when the two get together. For what it's worth, I was sort of flattered. It's a nice way to wake up, wrapped around someone who obviously enjoys it. It's not like you were forcing yourself on me.' Sherlock shyly looked up from the sink. John smiled. 'It's been a while since that's happened.'
‘No it’s fine.’ William said, obviously taking a little pleasure in the compliment. His phone rang interrupting the moment. ‘Yes, I’ll just be back down.’ He said sharply, heading for the door. ‘Once again I really am sorry about your evening. Now I must go, Lestrade, the policeman, has spotted another potential downstairs. We’re just the two of us, his superiors wouldn’t authorise a proper operation so…’
‘So now we wait.’ Greg said as they started back towards the station .
'You don't think whoever it is -there's a lot of kids here, you know?' John pointed at the picture.
John was at the stove. He glanced up , almost shy, as Sherlock came in.
‘Thank you, would it be possible to get a print out of this? We can meet you back at the desk if that's easier.' Sherlock smiled dismissing the assistant manager who scurried off.
‘A few minutes for what?’ John asked. If nothing else it had been a surreal evening.
'Yeah, you needed a full omega to get your own hormones back straight. Didn't we talk about this?'
The pain was sharp and took his breath away, he was vaguely aware of Sherlock's hands coming up to grip his thighs. An instinctive reaction as the first pulse of the alpha' s cock swelled inside him. The pain was soon chased by his own orgasm. He could feel how good it had been for Sherlock in the pulls, twitches and spasms of the body below him. He was glad and proud he'd been the first one to do this for him. He leaned backwards supporting himself with his palms on Sherlock's thighs.
They bought coffee and returned to Lestrade's car, Sherlock looking over the post mortem report again, reading the little details out loud. A smoker, an infected cut on his shin, most likely work related.
John lay beside him and gently ran a hand from chest to navel. The alpha's hips twitching just a little into the movement. John already knew that Sherlock was nothing like the broad heavily muscled alphas he usually went for. His lean, pale elegance was different, exotically different almost. Sherlock was doing his own appraisal, almost covertly, out of the corner of his eye.
Sherlock made a scoffing noise. 'If you're finished.' Sherlock gestured at the mess of work scattered about.
‘Fine come in tomorrow, give a statement.’ Lestrade’s tone was indulgent as he walked off.He made a beeline for John.
Sherlock did as suggested. Changing into a robe in the bathroom (absurd-the alpha would be inside him soon). Making tea and lying on the bed to read the police forensics manual he'd swiped from Lestrade's desk.
Sherlock looked, she was unassuming, diligently listening as the senior officer spoke but then he supposed corrupt police wouldn't realistically last very long unless they kept their head down.
'No.' She answered. Losing some polish and gaining some resolve. 'We have procedures. I'll be in touch.'
‘I don't know why you didn't just tell me, when you stayed. It's not like I was going to come up here and punch him or anything.’
'Will I do the honours?' John slid his hands under Sherlock's t-shirt thumbs brushing the waistband of his pyjamas. The alpha nodded, sitting up and shifting around to allow John to peel off the clothes which were quickly tossed to the floor.
John stiffened. 'An omega?'
'I'm not his alpha. It's not like that.' John was emphatic.
John's limbs would barely cooperate as Sherlock saw him downstairs and into the cab. He let the omega rest against his shoulder as he chaperoned him across the city.
‘It doesn't sound very, well, safe. I Wish I had bought the bloody fags now.’
‘Me too but we're doing so well.’Sherlock patted the patch on his arm, smiling.
‘That's our friend Greg. I hope you don't mind us smuggling him in.’
'So you who doesn't do this much,' John paused to kiss low on his belly, hot breath teasing his cock. 'has chosen me to get them off thats not something you need to apologise for. Trust me-the year I've had..'
John nodded and followed the other omega as he flagged down a waiter and led John to a table in a quiet corner. Two glasses, generous measures with ice, appeared. John savoured the burnt peat flavour and the cool glass in his hand.
‘I don’t need an incentive, Sebastian.’ Sherlock walked away haughtily. He could do without the alpha of means routine. Still though he heard John behind him accepting the cheque on his behalf. Probably just as well Lestrade had him so busy he'd taken on little paid work recently.
‘John, please.’ He shook the offered hand firmly.’Beautiful place.’ He said for something to say. Ms Adler was dressed in what you could call sexy forties glamour. A well used riding crop lay across the desk where you would normally see an inkstand.
‘Don't I? Statistically, eventually most alphas want the same. For now it's my arse and that's fine. I want a knot just as badly so that's- fine but in a year or two, once you've got a thriving practice again, you'll want me pregnant, all round bellied, broody. I'm not sure I ever want that. That's why you see, why I do this. Avoids disappointment.’
Not feeling quite like sleeping yet he moved to the living room and poured himself a modest measure of Sherlock's neglected Highland Park. He didn't bother to turn the lights on as he went and stood at the window.
'You've got quite a fan club out there.' John nodded towards the noise.
Truthfully it was a lot more complicated than minding or not. Yes his flat mate was attractive but getting involved with his work, his world, had gotten John the excitement he’d been looking for when he’d gone to buy sex in the first place. So he had somehow became friend, flat mate, blogger. It was all fine, mostly fine.
‘Yes, but not in a police car. Text me the address.’ Sherlock dashed about the flat,picking up jacket, coat and phone. He was buzzed on hormones and the thrill of the chase. A serial killer no less.
When they found the symbol again, thoughtlessly scrawled across priceless marble, Sherlock watched John's face fall, Soon Lin was probably dead.
‘Common enough name.’ John said, not wanting to get his hopes up. ‘Worth a call to Lestrade though.’
Twenty minutes later, both were resettled in bed with tea.
John felt the long limbs tense and then a deeply satisfying moan as the first gush coated his tongue and was efficiently swallowed down. John kept him in his mouth until he felt him relax, go bonelessly limp.
'Cellar's down there.' He said pausing a moment as he fiddled again with his phone. Just as John was wondering why he was bothering to tell him this an external door opened further down the corridor. Joe gently pulled John back out of sight. Two more bouncers appeared arms firmly round the shoulders of two omegas, one female one male. They led them in and through another door that seemed to go into the body of the building. They weren't just guiding them John realised, they were holding them up. He briefly caught a glimpse of the male's eyes, gone, just like Greg had said. The patchouli now made sense, without it the brothel would be obvious to anyone in the street, let alone the club.
‘Anyway keep trying. Even that won't take so long at his age.’ Sherlock recovered himself.
'Sherlock, what do you need a tux for?'He shouted absently, picking up the gold dressing gown.
‘Not my taste mate.’ Barnes broke in. ‘Even if I wasn’t spoken for.’ Barnes tapped his wedding ring. Barnes had been with his (male) partner for fifteen years before his recent marriage.
‘Of course. A high end brothel? Doubtless a few well known faces he needs brought down a peg.’
‘It's how you'd describe it?’ She persisted.
Sherlock smiled. He'd call her later, actually he might see if John would.
He knew he should, first and foremost, be livid with the detective, hiding what he was. John also knew it was pointless. Sherlock just wasn't wired like everyone else, probably didnt even see the issue. He had, however, made
Sherlock was replying just as Greg took a call. He nodded to John. 'Our car's here. We better do the erm..if it's still necessary?' Greg looked to Sherlock.
‘Here, you need to drink plenty.’ John could feel himself getting hard at the sight and smell of him. He found himself relieved, he'd never had problems before but he'd had a niggling fear that he'd be faced with. desperate omega and suddenly become impotent.
‘John gestured with his head towards the kitchen.’ What is that, eight messages now?’
‘Au contraire.’ Murray shot back, ‘plenty of pretty chaps if that’s what you like.’
John’s head snapped round. He hadn’t mentioned his military title when he made the booking so he immediately wondered where that had came from. Then there was the fact that the voice was just the public school type accent he’d want whispering filth into his ear. He put it down to all those posh commanding officers he’d met in basic training.
? That’s all you need from me. You don't need to
'When we first met, you were matchmaking?'
'We'll talk to some more people from the building, see if they saw anything unusual, they must have seen him coming out to smoke at least.' Lestrade said, gesturing at an ugly plastic smoking shelter to one side of the entrance.
John kissed the rest of his rambling off his lips.
‘Friends, people they know, people they like, people they don't like, girlfriends, boyfriends, bondmates…’ John trailed off shifting in his seat.
‘Or something.’ Sherlock said with an air of mystery. Truth be told he had no idea how these things were managed - he was sure it was dull.
Joe took him back down the way they'd came in then out the main entrance, they went back in through a temporary looking padlocked door fifty feet further down the street and up four floors in a lift. The building looked almost habitable when Joe flicked a switch that turned on a string of temporary lights. Unfinished wiring and plumbing was neatly taped up but otherwise it looked ready to move in. The finish looked expensive, marble worktops in the kitchen and solid wood flooring.
'Nine mill? What is that, something to do with the gun used at the museum? Can you get plates out?' John went down to get the door.
‘Interesting.’ Sherlock found himself saying. ‘ He’s a veteran, discharged because of his injuries. He’s a doctor too actually.’ He stopped at that, finding he wanted to say more about John but he was unable to face the prospect of Molly’s romantic enthusiasm.
…’ The Doctor stopped and cleared his throat. A shame, when his blood was up John had a filthy mouth. ‘...that I like the idea of you bearing my pups but it's more than that. You're brilliant, I've enjoyed this.’ The doctor stalked closer. ‘You
'Borrowed this from the reception supervisor.' Sherlock brandished the card. 'Well I say borrowed...'
‘We try to avoid taunting suspects Sherlock - but thanks.’
'True.' Greg nodded thoughtfully. 'OK, I'll talk to internal affairs, see if there's something they can do.'
‘Just tired.’ He smiled with his reply, knowing how he must look. He'd not felt this knackered since combat. He’d thought the stuff was out of his system but apparently not quite. Sherlock looked at him thoughtfully and John stared back with a look that dared the alpha to suggest John went home.
Three hours later he still had no reply.
##########
She squeezed John's arm as she introduced him to the others. The two alphas who worked with Graeme, Richard and George, were polite but reserved. John noticed that while the Graemes were drinking wine they stuck to lime and soda. There was also a young omega, Joe. He was introduced as Melissa's cousin but glances that passed suggested he was or had been involved with Richard, the younger of the two alphas.
, in a way Mrs Hudson was unlikely to mistake for anything other than what it was.
John was sitting up watching in some confusion.
Sherlock skim read the page. It was the fourth or fifth he'd looked at and he was painfully aware that most alphas, if they had looked at this sort of stuff at all, did so as teenagers. He certainly felt like one.
John was right on both counts. True, even Sherlock had enough sense of propriety not to want to make that sort of a mess in a borrowed car. Mostly though something primal wanted him to be inside John when he came, to fill his mate with semen, John obviously felt the same. It was stupid really, John was taking contraceptives, they couldn't get pregnant, didn't want to (yet anyway) but the natural urge was there.
'I'm sorry, I should have let you in I was distracted.' Sherlock could barely meet his eye.
‘I was just chatting with your secretary outside. She told me.’ Sherlock said. It felt like a clever sidestep, though a lie. Sebastian laughed before settling into a serious expression.
'Well I'm on a train so..' John looked about the carriage but it was quiet anyway and he could see no one paying him any attention. '...but I'd say he's guilty- and worried about his alpha.'
'No, she wouldn't dare risk that, not even in her private archive. Chances are though, you wouldn't see much anyway, camera is pointing the wrong way. She must have forgotten about this.'
Sherlock sighed, he hadn't since John left and a pile of mail was likely to give Mrs Hudson an excuse to barge in. He made his way downstairs. Bills, lab equipment catalogues and junk were all discarded and he was about to do the same with a padded envelope (what John called crazies regularly sent them weird stuff in the post) until he recognised John's handwriting, he tore it open. There was a post it note and a bubble wrapped package.
‘I always do.’ Sherlock's tone had become icy bored. John gathered his jacket, anxiously straightening himself in the mirror.
Greg was waiting as soon as he finished the clinic. Restless in his seat like someone waiting for bad news. John went through his talk with Joe, telling Greg about the erratic heats as well. How it tied him,even unbonded, to the alpha Richard.
'They're working up to something, something big and I-we-are mixed up in it somehow. Lestrade and Mycroft bringing me the same thing at the same time. That's no coincidence.'
‘Want to see some more?’ Sherlock said, fearing rejection for the instant before John's face lit up.
John continued to chew for a few seconds before swallowing and taking a mouthful of tea.
They opened the oldest looking one. Page after page of neatly printed columns. Postcodes , dates and then two columns of numbers.
know?’ Sherlock said, not used to anyone being as quick as him.
When he came out he had the look, the 'I know what everyone missed' look.
Sherlock had a good sized private room. Whether this was Mycroft pulling strings from a distance or the nurses pissed off with him deducing staff and patients alike every five minutes wasn't clear. John couldn't decide if he was grateful for the privacy or not.
‘Maybe just a bit not good, you know? With me in this position. Still, at least you've got something to put on your website. Not like me with my empty blog.’
John sat on the train watching the suburbs fly past. His thoughts drifting between the rather wonderful of last night (soppy git) and the as yet unknown of his sister. He had completely forgotten about Lestrade until his phone buzzed.
Sherlock moved around the trading floor to the amusement of the mostly alpha staff. Ducking behind pillars and desks. The target was clear. Eddie Van Coon, he worked on Hong Kong trades so the timing made sense too.
'Yeah he looks the type.' I think we understand each other. Can you come back about six?' It's my associate who deals with that side. Word to the wise though, leave him at home. Tom can be a a bit handsy and he he's not the sort you want to punch if you take my meaning.'
Sherlock felt nausea rise in his throat as he realised it was John they were smelling, not the recently departed sales rep.
The eyes stared back at him. Several colours, several different hands, numerous locations. They could be bold or subtle, playful or sinister but they were following him, had been since the taxi driver (or 'A study in pink' as john styled it.).
‘Never mind that. We found the case. According to someone, the murderer has the case, and we found it in the hands of our favourite psychopath.’ Anderson said, with obvious delight.
‘Yeah but you -the politeness and the
'Isn't it? Sounds dull. How do people usually enjoy weddings?'
‘So you two have...right. Ok.’
‘They've decided to go in heavy to a warehouse, a supplier of Graeme owns it. Someone's hunch.' She said, disgusted.
John hadn't ever looked forward to a heat, not really. It was an itch to be scratched. This time though he found he was looking forward to the in between. Those brief moments of exquisite, sated quiet when they'd lie and dose in each others arms.
'Well I'm starving. Why don't we order food in then ,afterwards, I can try and help a bit.'
'At ease.' She barked impatiently. 'What are you doing down here McMillan?'
The alternative involved an all nighter alone in Bart's lab to produce a new batch. There was always the chance he'd weaken, go and procure some of the other substance that would help. He still maintained, for professional purposes, a mental map of the places where cocaine could be purchased in London. There were three within a ten minute walk of Bart s, five if you were less fussy about quality. He counted the vials, Three days worth, enough to get a little clarity.
'Cocaine, goes back years.' Sherlock said, running quickly through the pages.
'Yes, well, early days.' Sherlock could feel himself getting red-faced. He had barely considered his future relationship with John. Discussing it with the closest thing he had to an ex while undercover just might make his head explode. 'Thank you for your discretion.' He said formally and made to move away.
They'd kissed a lot. More than the average heat spent with a stranger (though it wasn't a variable he'd monitored). Usually as a precursor to intercourse, but not, he was remembering now, always. There had been one kiss in the kitchen, both of them spent and hungry, while they waited for the kettle to boil. Lazy and sensuous, enjoying the taste, touch, warmth of each other.
‘Got a minute Watson?’
‘Sorry that was me.’ Sherlock said, wiping his hands on a discarded shirt before offering it to John. John was confused for a moment until Sherlock reached for his phone on the coffee table. ‘Irene. She customised her text noise. Just asking how I got on.’ Sherlock began to type.
‘John, it's time we went home.’
'Three Sherlock, we have a guest.' Mycroft said, staring, pleased with himself, over Sherlock's shoulder. When Sherlock turned to look there was Mycroft's assistant, standing behind a very pissed off and slightly embarrassed John Watson.
'Fascinating.' Sherlock muttered.
‘Well, they’ve got it wrong, Sebastian. He was murdered.’ Sherlock said, irritated that Dimmock was every bit the jobsworth waste of space he'd feared.
'We've not talked about...will you come and stay with me, for the leave?' John said quickly.
‘I love you.’ John said suddenly, carding a hand clumsily through Sherlock's hair. ‘I wanted to say it now while I've still got a few wits about me.’
John sat at the opposite end of the sofa. Feeling mildly guilty for the way his eyes were drawn to Sherlock's collarbone, his belly where the T-shirt rode up. To say nothing of his scent, darkly fruity.
John should have realised. Getting overheated had always been one of his first symptoms , ever since he presented. Now he was looking he could see the beginning of glances of interest, curiosity, from people nearby. While it was common enough to see a teenager being escorted out of a public place by anxious parents due to an unexpected heat. It was unusual for an omega John's age to go into heat in public. He was embarrassed for a moment then decided that was ridiculous. He'd been shot at, actually been shot. This was nothing.
‘They don't want to be overheard.’ John said softly as if he might disturb them.
'John.' The alphas tone was warning.
‘Innocence?’ John said, while all he could think was
His mouth watered in anticipation as he messily licked the scent gland, an arm wrapping around John's chest.
'These items were found and handed in, we'll be looking for their owners of course.' The woman said smoothly, smiling at Greg with amusement over the little misunderstanding.
. He broke out of the alpha' s grasp, Sherlock didn't quite see how but it was quick. One minute John was held firm, the next his gun was back in his hand and the alpha behind him was bent double, his face a bloody mess.
'Yeah, nasty infection. That's what did for me really. If it was just the bullet maybe...' John clenched his shaking hand again. Sherlock took the hand between his own and kissed the knuckles, consciously mimicking John's own gesture from earlier.
as you put it.' Sherlock moved in his lap to meet his eye.
Knotting was, biologically speaking, draining for an alpha and outside of heats only happened regularly in adolescents, hence the embarrassment. Sherlock's long denied body though seemed more than keen. The alpha shrank away from him, all his new found confidence gone.
‘What are you so happy about?
'Chinatown, she must know people who would be able to hide her to...'
‘I thought he hardly had any?’ John said. Remembering the stuff he'd read through when Greg initially asked him to pose as his fiancé.
The doctor asked about his work as a detective, asked if it could be dangerous. When Sherlock confirmed it could be John got a wistful look in his eye.
'You're jealous.' The alpha almost whispered.
‘Talking to you like that, I wish you'd let me…’
John took his chance with a decisive dive, knocking over Mycroft so the both fell clear of the bolt that splintered against the sooty wall. The echoes were chased by another sharp crack. Zhu Zhi fell, blood gathering in an inky puddle on the filthy floor. By the time Sherlock had checked on John and Mycroft she was gone.
'The gun? Surely they know what Sherlock does? It's in the papers every other week.' John turned to face him.
John was taken off surgical duties since he had agreed to be a surrogate and he was half-bored, reorganising his kit and chatting with one of the nurses when Bill Murray came to stand in his doorway. He extricated himself as quickly as possible and followed Bill towards the empty barracks.
That had not been what John meant. Now though, he was imagining how Sherlock would look, arousal darkening his striking eyes and staining his skin. That ghost of delicious scent at full strength. It was all he could do not to cross the room and climb into the alpha' s lap. His traitorous omega body ready to lie down and open up- any urgency to leave gone.
'John Watson! Glad you could come, nice to see you.' Mike patted him on the back. The happy couple were doing their rounds. John made the usual noises of congratulations and how lovely Molly looked, which she did.
'Here, we had a collection.' Greg shoved a silver envelope and a bottle bag into Johns hands. Sally said to say the scotch is for you, you'll probably need it.' Greg subtly covered his nose with his hand and Sherlock,remembering their visit to Joe and Richard, moved to fling the windows open.
‘Will you come?’ Lestrade said, an edge of desperation to his voice, always music to Sherlock's ears.
'Its alright, you don't do anal, not a problem.' John laid a reassuring peck on his hipbone.
The smell itself was appalling. To him it was like a combination of overcooked vegetables and burnt rubber. It was more than that though, it seemed to have sparked a loose anxiety that crept through his nerves, triggering his flight instinct. He supposed chemically it was actually quite remarkable. A perfect device to keep other alphas away while a bond stabilised but it took a lot of self control not to simply turn and leave. Greg at least seemed to have developed a bit of resistance to it.
John laughed nervously. 'You mean my man-tart phase.'
John was taken aback. He’d seen Sherlock turn on the foppish public school charm before but only ever in pursuit of a case.
Something warm and bright crept up John's spine.
The first time during a heat was invariably quick. It always seemed as if his body (and the alphas for that matter) has completed the act before his brain caught up. This time was no different. It was as if John had barely started to move, a confident, easy, roll of the hips, before Sherlock felt the pressure of the filling knot. He felt himself open further, drenched, as his body prepared. Instinct held him stock still when he felt the alpha press the knot against him with purpose.
Sherlock was staring at the wall when they walked in, it looked as if it had been re-papered with bank statements, receipts. He gruffly acknowledged John but obviously didn't realise he wasn't alone.
Tonight though required something less subtle, rougher. John shifted and took as much of Sherlock in his mouth as he could, quick but firm movements that would have Sherlock losing control in a way he only allowed John to see.
Then John could do nothing but lie and listen, each sound all too clear. The rapid footsteps, the shouts in a language John recognised but didn't understand, the sickening click of a weapon ready to fire, the last ditch shouts as Matt pleaded.
‘Thank you.’ He replied, awkward but sincere, taking a moment to meet John’s eye. When he turned back to the street a taxi had pulled up outside number twenty two.
' I cannot have my brain bypassed. Text me when you have more.' Sherlock swept out of the flat.
'Would it be too soon for a bond? I mean there's no rush and we'd need to confirm that it would even take after what's happened.' Sherlock was rubbing a thumb gently over thin skin at his wrist. John was nowhere near well enough to be aroused and he was sure Sherlock didn't consciously mean it that way but the sensation still stirred something promisingly warm in his gut.
Not the potential case so much, which appeared to be a lot of nonsense about damaged property at the merchant bank Sebastian now worked for. The need for discretion was mentioned. Most likely just some drunken prank. No, it was the opportunity to show off that appealed.
The detective left and John realised he had one more to add to his list of awkward Sherlock conversations.
John nodded. He had started fidget to fidget anxiously when the phone dinged with a reply. 'We're ok.' He sighed.
‘John’s phone was already in his hand, scrolling through his contacts. Lestrade didn't answer and they had ten minutes of normal, civilised ‘meet the family’ conversation before John tried again. Still no answer.
'These last couple of weeks with John-I know it was just for work but it reminded me a bit of when I started seeing her. How nice it was to go out dressed up for someone, make a fuss, you know.'
'The universe is rarely so lazy.' Sherlock said pensively. 'Something Mycroft says.'
He'd had the presence of mind to call Anthea and Dimmock, the inspector's reluctance understandable given the circus debacle.
'That was-hmm.' Sherlock’s body gave a delightful shudder. 'What do you want -for yourself?'
He wanted to say but didn't. He was conscious of the police around him Lestrade at least had the decency to pretend to check his phone but the others took obvious delight in watching the two of them. It was Lestrade who broke the tension.
‘I know exactly who that is.’ He could have this discussion now or later. May as well be now. He strolled towards his brother.
‘Her daughter? Why would she write her daughter’s name?’ Sherlock said,partly to himself.
'Yes but we both know all they need is another book.' His eye just caught a hooded figure running off down the street. A stylised eye had been drawn on the junction box on the opposite pavement. It seemed, to Sherlock at least, to be looking straight at his front door.
‘He's got no back up Sherlock, not really only Sally and …’
The woman swore under her breath before graciously showing them to a door that led into the ballroom. There Sherlock seemed to snap back into sobriety, like shedding a skin.
'Have sex? What do you take me for captain?' Sherlock clutched his chest in mock shock. Before they could talk further John was enveloped in a bear hug by the bride groom.
‘Of course you can.’ John said,going for his best disarming smile and holding arms away from his body.
'Anthea?' John asked, surprised.
'John, I understand you're going on a trip.' Mycroft said, before some irritated background muttering which John took to be instructions to the long suffering Anthea.
‘Neither of them are smoking.’ John said, pleased with himself.
'How did you manage that?' Sherlock handed back the phone.
He got up and John watched,eager, as he stretched. He'd changed into a spare dressing gown of Sherlock's. The too long sleeves rolled up to reveal strong, lightly tanned forearms.
'MI6?' John asked, impatient with Mycroft's circular way of talking. Mycroft gave him a look, as it to say
Lestrade sat in the patients chair and looked so awkward that for a moment John thought he did have an embarrassing medical problem.
'I dont.' John lied unconvincingly. He was surveying the detritus of his packing on the floor. Matt deserved more. A bed, a proper date even but their precarious position was only able to give them a series of rushed, if exciting, fumbles in quiet corners. A few weeks quiet should give them the opportunity to see if they had something more.
John didn't share his confidence. They'd probably do what they always did. Rush in without much of a plan and then get out of any tight spots with the aid of Sherlock's lightning brain or John's gun. It had served them well.
##########
'Sally please take John to hospital.' Sherlock ordered , opening the back door of the car and bundling the clinging John inside with difficulty.
‘It's not meant to be a comparison between alphas.’ Sherlock replied sharply.
‘I suppose what I’m getting at is I need more. More than just…’
He hadn't slept next to, let alone touching anyone like this since Victor. They had only ever managed the occasional stolen nap. Curled together on a single bed in halls of residence after they had clumsily gotten each other off. Sherlock, ever the scientist, had been fascinated by how much pleasure he was able to give the omega with his hands and mouth.
'Yeah- he hates the hat, just a newspaper thing.' John said. Sherlock smiled, one of his broad, charming, fake smiles and John felt muscle tense under his hand.
‘Jennifer Wilson’s only daughter.’ Lestrade said.
They chopped and cooked together and talked of other things. Mainly practical stuff for John's heat. Keeping phones on, not straying too far. As they ate John wrote a shopping list. More bottled water, granola bars, laundry soap and, to Sherlock's alarm,first aid supplies from the pharmacy. John explained to the panicky looking alpha that bond bite problems were very rare but could be serious, they should be prepared. After that Sherlock went back to the pile of papers. Within minutes he was lost it his mind palace.
John held Sherlock's hips still as he carefully eased himself inside. The wash of relief was instant and Sherlock moaned, his mind unable to focus on anything other than the single point of sensation. The sound was echoed by John and he felt the alpha shiver against him.
'He's different. Nice though, in his own way.'
'I might have plans.' John said playfully, giving an involuntary yelp when Sherlock's hands tightened, pulling John back against his rapidly hardening cock.
His arousal had dissipated enough to let him pick up antiseptic swabs on the way home, he already had syringes. Normally he would just borrow from John's well supplied first aid kit but that hardly seemed appropriate in the circumstances. He was relieved when he got into the flat and discovered his last few vials of suppressant in the fridge still had two weeks of shelf life left.
'Boy of not more than twenty,got away from one of these places, he told the others he'd get help. Went straight to a police station. By the time they raided the place the following day the omegas were gone. He hadn't spoke to anyone else.' The omega tipped the remainder of her glass into her mouth. Her alpha discreetly moving the wine bottle out of her reach.
'But it shows her at the scene, trying to cover the thing up.' John said, pleased.
He typed a crisp reply. Advising that he would be there at 2pm. Sebastian could rearrange his calendar if he was keen enough. As he was shutting down the laptop he had another thought.
‘Risky.’ Sherlock stated with a smile. He was letting his hand rest in John’s lap now, relaxing under the attention like a lazy cat.
'This is where IA are based. I mean, it's a big station, probably just a coincidence.' Greg sounded like he was trying to convince himself.
'Certainly, it's on here. She made a few swipes to a tablet and showed it to Sherlock.
, scratched into the floor and now a missing pink phone which hadn't been in the missing pink suitcase.
Sherlock nodded vaguely and glanced around. It had been searched, completely worked over by the police and then turned back over to the hotel who'd had it deep cleaned. There should be nothing here and yet, that was weeks ago, Sherlock had been led here.
'I do, I thought perhaps...' Mycroft looked at him with obvious embarrassment and curiosity.
'Look,' Sherlock pulled something up on his phone before pressing it into John's hand. 'It doesn't just happen here, things are stolen from rooms as well. In the rooms they take nothing else but the requested item so its not even seen as a theft sometimes. The person assumes they've lost it while drunk. The point is, the thieves are selective. They seem to have a taste for art deco and Edwardian pieces.' John skim read the review in front of him. A family heirloom necklace had been taken while a pricey gents watch sitting beside it had been left alone.
##########
‘Bill checked you over. No reason to believe there's anything wrong. If you like, I can keep an eye on blood pressure and stuff.' It was a serious offer but John knew there was really no need.
He used the bathroom and found he was more mentally alert but still physically exhausted after a shower. The doctor discharged him quickly, making the usual jokes about doctors making the worse patients.
Sherlock replied in the affirmative, remembering as he did so that he should probably try and locate the machete that he had knocked out of his assailants hand earlier before the alpha arrived.
'I want every book from Lukis’s flat and Van Coon’s compared to look for matches. I'll do it. Send them to Baker Street.'
Sherlock now understood, part of it at least. The cabbie, he was here because he wanted to show him the rest.
'I think I'd very much like that.' He replied quietly, heat creeping over his face.
With a quick glance around the mercifully enclosed space of the back of the car, Sherlock slid his fingers into the back of John's hair and drew him into a kiss. A deep filthy kiss, clumsy in it's eagerness. John felt the ghost of a moan rumble in Sherlock's chest as he finally got his hands on the shirt. It wrinkled beneath his fingers as the first two buttons opened in surrender with barely a touch.
‘Terrified. Parts of his body he didn't know he had three weeks ago are doing things, well, you know.’ John nodded, a little amused. It never ceased to amaze him that beta colleagues could spend whole semesters learning about the other genders but still be so prudish about knots and male self- lubrication and so on.They circled round the back of the barracks, avoiding the guard at the front door.
'Better if it's not with a known criminal probably.' Sherlock said in a weak attempt at humour.
He hauled himself back out of bed and got dressed.
‘If ever there was a time for your party piece it's now.’ Sally looked at him expectantly as did John beside her. There was little to go on.
John decided if he was doing this he was doing it right. He stood and stripped quickly and completely. Appreciating the way Sherlock looked at him with a hesitant hunger. He pulled the blanket from the back of the sofa to sit on before settling back down, legs splayed. He slid his fingers over his rapidly swelling length. Experimentally, just to see how Sherlock reacted, how he felt himself about putting on a show.’So do you want me to just do what I do?’
Beyond that, Billy is taking care of a distraction for later. Then they're off.
Sleepy, they had enough presence of mind to cover each other with a sheet. John tucked himself into the crook of Sherlock's neck, still breathing heavily. Sherlock tenderly ran his fingers through John's hair and kissed his forehead as John drifted to sleep.
"Noooo. I fell on my bum." God, what the hell was wrong with him? He tried to bite his lip to keep from giggling.
He doesn't know why John is so angry. The plan still worked.  John isn't hurt, Mycroft isn't hurt, Sherlock isn't hurt. Why is he angry?
John audibly gasped. Hamish squealed in delight, "That is so awesome! That's like the best friendship present ever!"
"Oh, John, please. What are you...."
John pulled him in for another kiss, "Why don't you have a boyfriend? Why aren't you married? You're brilliant, gorgeous….." he trailed off pressing kisses against Sherlock's jaw.
Sherlock leaned on his forearms, looking at Tavis, giving William access to comb through and place decorative braids throughout his shoulder length curls. He took glass beads to clip the ends of the braids to keep them in place. As he worked on his hair, Tavis quizzed him.
"They're in. They'll be in 12/23 for....vespers rehearsal."
"Gorgeous?" Robert playfully rubs Mycroft's wrist, his knuckles.
What does he want her to read on him now?
"How long was he here?"
John was lying on the bed, Sherlock was leaning back, on his knees, on either side of John's hips. He reached his fingers back and opened himself slightly, before leaning forward, perching himself on his heels, lowering his body onto John's erection. John gasped, arching, Sherlock whispering into his ear, "I told you I loved you, that I was so sorry," John pulled his head back, just slightly, so he could look into his eyes, "When you were shot, I told you, I would love you forever, till death to us part, and I'd loved you forever. I've always loved you, John."
In the restroom, he sits to relieve himself and Sherlock rubs his head, his neck. John's mouth is dry and tastes coppery. There is a glass of water in his hand; Sherlock is making him drink.
John gave Sherlock a smile, "We should ride back home on the horses completely naked. That will give them something to discuss!"
John wakes to the sound of Sherlock wrestling with the sheets, the blanket, his arms tangled. John's arm lurches forward as Sherlock pulls him in the momentum; he's muttering to himself.
John paused. He lifted his pelvis just a bit so the tips of their cocks were barely touching. John shook his head, fitting kisses across Sherlock's cheeks, chin and forehead, "Do you not know that I am wholly yours? You make me feel as if I am the virgin on their wedding night. You blast out my thoughts like a spring storm. You've already taken me. I am yours to touch. Touch me, as much or as little as you like. I will only touch you if you take my hands and guide them. I want to know for sure you are welcoming it. In thought and body."
John hated the look of hurt on Sherlock's face. He did his best to explain, to apologize, so Sherlock understood, "Sherlock, it's not convenience, it just makes sense. We're getting married anyway, and I'd like to stay married-"
Hamish grinned, snuggling in closer to his daddy, "He's been going to Bart's lately, wandering around whenever we meet Mr. Stamford for lunch. He's gone into the different areas where you do your experiments, papa, peeking into different rooms and classrooms. He wanted to propose somewhere in there, since that's where he went to school and where you work sometimes. It's something you both have in common. Also, that you two have been in that building together hundreds of times but never met until the timing was right. You met at a crime scene. Completely by accident."
In the hallway, in a stolen moment, he gives John a hard kiss. He doesn't want to regret anything.
As he moved his hand away from Sherlock's hair, he brushed his fingertips against the back of Sherlock's neck. He looked up and down his betrothed's back. He closed his eyes, willing himself to sleep.
Stay put!"
Mr. Watson sat, pulling his mouth into a sideways grin, "Lesson one, Sherlock. John is like his mother. Always listen to what he says," He winked.
"Not all of it," Sherlock smiled, "Thank you for telling me. I just…..I care for my brother very much. Even though he's a big pain in the arse."
Mummy Holmes is grinning, Daddy Holmes is weeping, "The last time they were together," he says, patting Billy's shoulder, "Is when Magnussen was threatening our family. He wanted to get to Mycroft, so he was going to pull everything about us into his papers. Mycroft's boyfriend, Sherlock's sociopath diagnosis, Roderick's affair with a woman 8 years older-"
"Sherlock, god, please, do you have anything?"
John stood up, a little wobbly, "Are they still there?"
John tried to keep his eyes off Sherlock as the man drove, streetlights illuminating and drifting over as they sped down the motorway. John was again surprised by the silence. No GPS, radio blaring, or idle chatter. Just the sounds of the car rolling, the noise from other traffic muffled and distant.
Sherlock turned when he heard the steel toed boots clack on the wood flooring. The man, a little older than him, (late 20s to early 30s) was shorter, but built. He had muscles on his shoulders and upper arms, and he was tan and blonde haired. Sherlock had to consciously keep his mouth shut as John was wearing a white tank and shorts, leaving almost none of his upper body to the imagination.
"I'm glad you're here. I'm glad he has you to talk to," John drew him in to a deep hug, tucking his head under Sherlock's chin. Sherlock did his best to wrap his arms around John, despite the aching ribs.
"Hello," she answers, half asleep.
Hamish yawned, "No, I figured it out," Sherlock raised his eyebrows.
John sighed, gingerly wiping away Hamish's tears, "Thank you, both of you. I've never felt more loved. This was perfect. Even though you beat me to the proposal I wanted to give."
Not only that, the questions were indicative of past circumstances. Past accidents. Sherlock's mind began to leap.
As he held the horse's neck, he smelled its familiar scent of hay and sweat. He missed his horses. Of running his Shetland pony through the field when he was young, rounding up their large herds of sheep from pasture to pasture.
They didn't move for a moment. They breathed, Sherlock on his stomach, John on his back. They turned their heads to look at one another. John touched his lips, they were incredibly swollen. Sherlock took his fingers, linking them together.
Hamish tilted his head to the side, "What am I missing, daddy?"
"John. Dr. Watson. Listen to me. Mary is not here. We won't let her anywhere near here. There is a nurse here to give you an IV. My little brother doesn't want to risk you going to the hospital, I need you to calm down."
Mycroft looks at Robert, at a loss. It takes him a moment.
"Oh for God's sake, Sherlock, the man's recovering from dehydration and a nasty virus. Can you not keep your hands off him for a moment?" Mycroft walks into the room with bags in his hands and a male nurse in tow. John can't remember a time he's ever seen Mycroft carry anything but an umbrella.
Billy had lost sight of Mary; Sherlock had yelled at him for 10 minutes. He heard some new insults: "Moronic baboon with a haircut from sandpaper" was one he'd remember the rest of his life. Sherlock would've kept yelling; only he'd heard John in the background calming Sherlock down.
Their allies (John smiles, the local version of Sherlock's homeless network) guides them to a landing field with fires and kerosene lamps.
"I'm just going to tell you this, and then you need to ask me. Talk to me. Trust me. I'm your spy, Mycroft. My real title? My real jobs? That's not in my files. You can take that phrase, as being your spy, in a lot of different ways, and I mean them all. I report directly to Alex Younger. MI6. Almost your equal in every way. Almost," He winks before leaving the room, "But you are a bit more brilliant than I am."
"I was so, so heartbroken after Greg's wedding. I left early. Who leaves a wedding early? I left. I had a friend, a girl, told her I wanted to fuck. Started fucking right after Greg's wedding. That was it. We were just having sex, no relationship, she traveled and her job was her whole world. I'd never been with a woman. I wanted to force myself to be straight, be normal, I was drunk a lot. So fucked up. Her birth control failed, she was pregnant. She wanted nothing to do with the baby, was looking into adoption, but I took him. She severed parental rights. He's mine."
John bursts into a fit of giggles; crying, side-splitting giggles as he dried off in Sherlock's room. As he wipes his hair and his eyes, searching to put back on his clothes, he wonders how he was going to navigate the conversation with Mycroft. Mycroft had known the timing of John's proposition of Sherlock, but John wonders if Mycroft would have guessed how successful he'd be.
He runs down the stairs, outside into fresh air, and vomits on the kerb in front of the house. He puts his palms to his eyes to remember if any of the bodies resembled Billy; he doesn't think any of them were skinny enough.
"John, my love, look at me," Sherlock's nose bumps John's and they laugh, "I love you. I've missed you." They kiss, more sharply, as Sherlock presses in another finger.
"Hamish, go to the nurse's station." The captain voice. Hamish obeyed without question.
"No," Sherlock huffed his breath in, willing the pain in his lungs to subside for a moment, "That was amazing, actually, to understand it was abnormal for someone to run to an alley. Extraordinary."
John shook it off and went up to the podium, pulling his notes from his back pocket. He introduced himself, and he heard some giggles to his right. He thought he had to be hearing things, so he continued, giving a framework for the discussion, laying out his time in Afghanistan and his time with the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers. Again, sniggers and some signs from a couple audience members back to Sherlock Holmes. John paused for a moment, looking at Greg. Greg shook his head, mouthed
"Hamish, please don't do this to him-"
As John was palming Sherlock through his leggings, they heard the door slam on the other end of the green room. John huffed, pulling back, "Oh. Time to work. We'll continue this later, yea?"
"I can't believe that-" John interjected. Clearing his throat, "I mean, you're handsome. And I appreciate your kindness towards my son. Usually, I'm having to shield him from people or make excuses on how they treat him. I'm really-- sorry. Go ahead."
John remembers how when he proposed to Mary he never got down on one knee, how he was terribly nervous and could hardly speak. Now, he feels as if he could say anything, and Sherlock would understand. Every look and every touch, they'd known each other so well, so intimately, it was just now more intense.
Sherlock could see it was days since Dr Murphy had been the right side of a proper meal or more than five hours sleep. He was a beta. Alphas and omegas ,even with the benefit of a medical education, were exotic, alien, feral even.
John knew how bad it was himself. He didn’t need the explanation the surgeon was now patiently giving. He hadn’t seen but could easily imagine the mess that lay under the elaborate bandage. He also knew he was lucky to be alive twice over. The first time when the bullet hit his shoulder, not his chest, the second after the infection raced through his system.
‘Well, we don't have it. Look, I have to go but if you need anything looked up or whatever ask Lucy that brought you in.’ She nodded towards the nervous young uniformed omega. ‘I won’t pretend I’m happy about it but I’m not too proud to admit you're probably his best chance at the moment.’ Sally left them in the room ,quietly joining the group of officers as they filed towards the lift.
‘What do you think I am seventeen.?’ John said with a playful kiss to his shoulder. ‘If you want knotting outside your heat you're going to need a younger alpha.’
‘It's not a bloody
Sherlock kept his eyes glued to the street. ‘Doesn't it? Sounds a bit dull.’
‘Im not suggesting for a moment you did anything wrong. Tricked me. It's just- I don't normally do
' Are you sure?' John sat back down.
‘You know where. Victors show.’ Sherlock's blank look suggested it had totally slipped his mind.
, that sort of thing.
‘If you want to talk to someone you know where I am.’ Molly said, touching him lightly on the shoulder. She meant well Molly. As a beta female she thought they had a lot in common. He supposed she was right up to a point but she couldn't understand the intensity of the thing.
‘You should go.’ John said simply, glancing up from his novel.
'You don't seem to have any problem watching him full stop.' Greg looked at him with a suggestive grin and John seemed to suddenly find the pitted table top fascinating.
John was on his back one hand curled between his open legs, not in modesty but looking for friction. ‘I don't mean to be indelicate but I need it in me now.’ John moved his head to look at him properly and frowned. ‘Christ, you look terrified.’ He sat up abruptly.
‘Not at all. He hated him and he told me so. Sherlock pretended not to be bothered, aloof, but he was.That sort of thing, anything social, doesn't come easy to him.’
Sherlock stopped sharply, turning to the alpha, backing him against a wall. ‘John I have been doing this for years. There are a large number of alphas who have
He woke a couple of hours later to the smell of cooking, of food cooking. Only in 221b would he ever have to make that distinction. He got up, dressing in his slightly crumpled clothes from earlier, and wandered downstairs. He had expected to see Mrs Hudson pottering about but instead Sherlock was clearing vegetable peelings from the table, the sleeves of his white dress shirt rolled to his elbows.
Now with John POV. Was going to make it a separate chapter but seemed to make more sense interspersed with the Sherlock POV. Let me know what you think...
‘When you..’ Sherlock started aware, to his irritation, that he was blushing. ‘When you bite, how do you know you're doing it correctly? I mean-so you're not hurting them more than necessary?’ His face burned, he had no one else to ask. His father was too far away and the awkwardness of that was too hideous to contemplate anyway.
So he found himself in the main hotel bar. A nicer space to him than the faux- glitz of the ballroom it was a modern room that made a feature of the stripped back bare stone and bi-folding glass doors that opened out onto a terrace scattered with metal furniture. On a warm evening it would be a nice spot to sit with a drink but today, chilly for the end of April, it was for die hard smokers.
‘You don’t all end up with a bullet through your temple.’
'Mr Holmes, good of you to join us. Dangerous men?' She scoffed looking at them with disdain.
'You're thinking about it, aren't you?' John said quietly.
'So come to bed. This'll kill your back anyway.' John made to get up but was stopped by a hand on his wrist.
'We have some time then-to plan. I should go' Sherlock, case deduced, was starting to feel awkward and he stood up, making for the door, head down.
Then he makes the mistake of looking round the flat. Papers, books, crime scene photos scattered everywhere The detritus of a life he used to live, used to love. Except for one place. The armchair with the tartan rug. It’s pristine, like a shrine.
'Oi, excuse me!'
‘You think he's done it before?’ John came and stood at his shoulder. Sherlock getting up sharply as the alpha read because he knew how he must be starting to smell, knew it wasn't fair on John.
John linked his fingers with Sherlock running their joined hands over the bulge.'As soon as I get you inside.' The detective gasped at the contact, pupils blown as he looked at John.
John looked at him for a few moments, moving to pull the covers over himself. ‘You thought you were still..? Oh
‘I thought we were beginning something. I thought we had a connection. Not just the shagging, which was amazing by the way, something else.’
The digitalis reference is inspired by an X Files episode-Eve I think it was called.
‘Do you want to come back and meet him then?’ John said, not sure it was a good idea, not with Sherlock in the middle of something, but he may as well get it over with. Also, he sort of wanted to show his alpha off.
'Maybe, it's a bit vague, IA will need to get the warrant.' Greg shut the laptop. Glancing at the papers on the desk beside him, his eyes narrowed.
'I assume you're keeping it quiet?'
‘He didn't struggle, he's in a black suit but it's clean, hardly creased. The bruise on his face is for something he said.
He told himself it was because it was the only light spot in the room but since their impromptu embrace John had taken every excuse to get close. He couldn't help it, it was hard wired. For his part, Sherlock hadn't objected or pulled away but then, that was hard wired too.
John grinned bashfully while beginning to stroke and rub, mesmerized, as he slipped his cock between Sherlock's legs.
‘There's been another one. The serial suicides.’ Lestrade said. Sherlock looked at him and read him, lightning speed. Four hours sleep, croissant for breakfast and he'd argued with his superior.
‘Yeah, after chasing you around while you were being brilliant and gorgeous. I went back to my shitty bedsit, lay on my single bed and pulled myself off like a teenager.’
He replied
‘I'm sorry if I behaved badly just now. Lestrade he's our friend you see.' The omega nodded, she seemed to appreciate the gesture. 'It would be really helpful if you could show us anything and everything you have on
John took his time going back in, looking round the room. He could see Greg dancing with Melissa Graeme, shoulders rounded and eyes sad. She was rubbing his arm and talking close to his ear. John idly wondered if he was channelling his ex's infidelity to look so wounded. Hopefully anything useful that was being said was getting picked up over the noise of the band.
'Greg don't try and make this about his hormones.' John replied with irritation.
Sherlock nodded and the alphas hands went to the belt. He closed his eyes as it was carefully pulled away and fell to the floor.
At this John grabbed his own phone and moved to hook an arm round Sherlock's neck as he snapped a photo of the two of them. Sherlock looked daggers at him.
'I could smell you two from downstairs. Don't get me wrong, I'm happy for you, but I don't see how it's going to work for tonight.'
'I said I wanted to give you the tour, which I do. Come on.'
John had forgotten the former Mrs Lestrade had the habit of doing things she shouldn't with young alphas and not even bothering to be discreet.
‘Ejaculation.’ The man said bluntly. ‘Sorry, I should have introduced myself before we got down to business so to speak. William.’ He held out a hand which John took, admiring its masculine elegance.
'Ok-for the record. At one point, quite recently, I used to do this a lot...'
A few hours later he woke to weak sunlight and a pleasant tickle on his thigh. Sherlock was lying between John's legs. His mouth working upwards from John's knee in licks, nips and open-mouthed kisses. John shoved a hand into the alpha's hair to let him know that he was awake.
He realised now of course that Sherlock had been, rightly, terrified at the speed and intensity of the heat. He knew that it had likely taken every ounce of willpower to send him to hospital. To not do the things, in that moment, they had both craved.
'Come on Molly I'll take you in, don't want you accosted by strange men in the lift.' He took the keys from John.
'I was hoping for a brunette.' John said boldly. Then suddenly Sherlock grabbed his wrist, squeezing. John, happy with this development, was on the point of leaning in to reciprocate when Sherlock whispered sharply.
The alpha stepped back towards him.‘That's a shame. I am looking forward to the fun bit though.’ John leaned over ever so slightly, fingers rubbing across the nape of his neck.‘You smell lovely by the way.’
'I know.' John ran his clean hand over his forearm where there was still a little tell tale scarring, faint but still recognisable as track marks. 'We've all got our demons. You comfortable like this?'
'You Ok? If it's too much for you, we can stop- any time yeah?' John said.
‘Can I help you with something?’ The man said, gesturing to the green chair opposite.
The thought, the question, do you kiss? Was swept away by the act itself.
‘What are we talking about now?’ John said putting down the tray of drinks. He’d been gone for ten minutes to the absolutely mobbed bar and the conversation seemed to have moved on from West Ham’s prospects next season.
‘She had a plan to make everything legitimate and he goes off course with a new venture.’ Sherlock said thoughtfully. ‘He had to go.’
'Yeah thanks it's... thoughtful.' One of the adjectives he'd never have thought to use in relation to Sherlock Holmes.
‘I’m not a psychopath, Anderson. I’m a high-functioning sociopath. Do your research.’ Sherlock shot back, noticing John suppress a smirk. ‘You need to bring Rachel in. You need to question her. I need to question her.’
'When I find out I'll let you know.' Lestrade said, smiling ruefully. Sherlock realised John would be elbowing him in the ribs at his tactlessness.
Joe glanced at John once then turned and disappeared into the thronged dance floor. John following with difficulty.
'John left instructions did he?' Sherlock replied,arching a brow.
John rubbed his hand over his face and looked round at a pretty blonde female omega. Hands shoved deep in the pockets of her lab coat.
'You think he's steady though, his health won't be an issue?'
'A watch was it?'
‘You feel like…’ John paused beginning to move, the alpha obviously fighting his urge to thrust hard straight away. ‘You feel like what I've been waiting for.’
################
'I think I'll see Joe home. Catch you up?' John threw over his shoulder to Greg. The alpha nodded and quickly, gratefully, left. John helped the now shaky omega into a cab, chaperoning him to the small flat that had been a present from Jim. Thankfully it was reasonably close by.
John loved this bit. Much as he found the great consulting detective in full deductive flow sexy as hell, there was something special about him reduced to monosyllables by nothing more than John's mouth. That big brain on standby for a few brief moments.
‘I can’t imagine where she thinks you’ll get stuck.’ John said, rather proud of the double entendre.Sherlock blushed violently and looked at the floor. John cleared his throat, cursed his crassness.
The action seemed to bring John back to where he was and he stopped, looking around.
John nodded. 'Well, first I'm going to finish my lasagne. Then, you can tell me how I can help tomorrow.'
'I'm afraid not. I'll get rid of them all after.' Sherlock replied, the crates just kept coming.
He sent Greg a text given what had just passed.
Heat suppressants were mandatory during combat tours in the army and he had kept using them after his discharge but every now and then he let a few heats happen naturally. Not so many that his whole life was dictated by them but enough to satisfy himself that his demanding diva of an omega reproductive system was still working because one day soon he just might want to bond, have a family.
‘Fine, just going for air.’ He replied vaguely as he followed the figure down the stairs.
'No, well yeah, but not yet. We need something solid, a proper warrant, everything by the book. Don't you be looking either. It should go without saying but don't be going solo on me. Talking to people is fine but no sneaking away. Apart from anything else, you're supposed to be my demure fiance.' Greg raised his eyebrows.
’ Sherlock heard whatever John had been reading being tossed aside and a hand landed in his hair. The alpha hummed, content.
'I wouldn't be too hasty brother.'
again. As he lay, still lazily sprawled on his belly, he began to make plans for the afternoon. Barts definitely, the yard probably. Then there would be all the tedious post-heat laundry and tidying. The very thing he usually went to a hotel to avoid.
John had barely put away his phone and lifted the cooling coffee he'd bought at the station before the thing buzzed again. Unknown number.
‘I am.’ Amusement was brightening the alphas face.
‘How we ended up together.' John quipped and the salesman's eyes lit up because, John knew, he looked besotted.
John seethed. Sherlock might not rate Greg as a detective but he'd worked the Holmeses out well enough. They didn't waste any time.
‘He means he'd love for you to join us Greg.’
‘As I said, I worry about him constantly. A burden i'd be happy to share Dr Watson.’ John just snorted in laughter before jogging to catch him up, he was close to laughter himself.
‘Help with tea?
'No more than usual. You escaped their clutches then?' John said reflecting how far Sherlock had come in a short time to be so openly affectionate in his parents house.
##########
‘The doors locked, Mrs Hudson is out. Your flat mate may come back of course…oh no wait, that’s me.’ Sherlock’s lips curled mischievously.
‘Something he said to Melissa. You see the way she's holding her hand, her broken thumbnail? She hit him, he got to her. I
He knew that Sherlock, even if he was interested in omegas, would be out of his league. Sherlock Holmes would doubtless want someone younger, prettier, with bluer blood and maybe even a nice trust fund to supplement his own. He would have no use for a pensioned army veteran with a bad leg.
'Yeah- actually no, best you stay away from the yard, just in case your seen. That little pub along from you, six tomorrow?'
' The security assumes he's one of theirs and tries to take him inside. They argue, the language barrier makes it worse. He probably falls in the panic , the security's unlikely to damage merchandise deliberately but damage is done and he's dead, an unlucky stranger. There's a body so someone senior is called. Someone who sees an opportunity to test the loyalty of their newest employee.' Sherlock looked to Lestrade.
The doctor was muttering, nonsense mostly, but sometimes his name over and over as he got close. John's orgasm was silent save for a sharp gasp, he went rigid and then there was a warm, wet flood between Sherlock's legs. John collapsed against him.
‘Harry’s eyes were wet when he looked at her. ‘That's sickeningly nice. You deserve something nice after everything.’ From his hard as nails sister this was verging on uncomfortably sentimental.
Sherlock nodded. 'Afterwards, your grandmother, was she happy?'
'Well he came to the right person.' John reached across and took his hand. Affection during casework. This was new, he could come to like it (if not admit such a thing).
The slight background buzz of after work drinkers surrounded them as Greg, with a careful glance round, passed him an envelope. Even Sherlock would have to concede he'd been thorough.
This has ended up more casefic and longer than planned. I'm un-betaed so if you spot anything that doesn't look right, especially on the timeline/deductions side please let me know. I think I said five chapters when I started this-I suspect now it will be more like ten. Who knows- I may get it finished inside a year (though not at this rate).
'Sally just do it.' Lestrade broke into the beta' s protest. ' We'll follow in a cab.'
Sherlock was touched. He believed that was the expression. Touched and suddenly protective all over again as he realised John-Captain Watson - had found that incredibly hard to say.
There was something else too. The thought of John’s lover had stirred something. Sherlock recognised it only because he had seen it so often in his work. He was jealous too.
'So either these two men just happened to visit the same Chinese tattoo parlour or I'm right about the black lotus.' Sherlock said, gesturing at Van Coons feet.
Molly and Lestrade looked at each other for a moment smiling in disbelief and then back at him. He saw something travel across Molly’s face and he realised. He'd got carried away, forgotten about his wrist.
‘Much, for now anyway.’ John's hand rested on his knee for a few moments before sliding up his thigh. Sherlock luxuriated briefly in the sensation before firmly lifting John's hand away.
He thought
'Just bushes.' He said dismissively, shedding his coat and suit jacket to check for damage.
The following day started well enough.
John looked at him steadily for a few seconds, checking he was serious. Then the alpha grabbed his coat, walking to the door without hesitation . His whole stance had changed, upright,strong. Sherlock had a sudden image of him in fatigues, stoically shouldering a pack before heading into the dusty desert.
‘Victor’, Sherlock said as he approached, never taking his eyes from John. ‘Splendid work, at least so people are saying, not my area.’
Mycroft had disappeared and Sherlock's phone soon lit up with a message.
'You think that's all it will take? He was unconvinced.
‘Can I look at you, in this light? I've been watching you sleep and imagining. May I?’
' If I'd let John take the lead, he had the gun, the training.' Sherlock said, gulping his cooling tea.
‘You need to go.’ Sherlock's says finally. Staring ahead, knees drawn up to his chest. ‘Don't worry, I’ll cover for you if she asks.’
As they walked out the front door to get a cab he spotted Joe out of the corner of his eye. He was sitting on the steps, hunched over and didn't look right. As John approached he realised how far from right the young omega smelled too. He was aware of Greg stopping in his tracks several feet behind.
'Zhi Zhu?' Mycroft broke in.
‘I'm going to make tea.’ John said, getting up. ‘Sherlock, come and help. What do you take Lucy?’
‘Just checking you're ready love, don't want to hurt you.’
They took their leave of the young couple, Sherlock promising to let Joe know about John. Then they drove closer to the centre of the city. There was, predictably, nothing to see but a respectable Georgian terrace with well polished brass. The house Graeme owned was indistinguishable from its neighbours. Though Sherlock noted they were within a stones throw of the Diogenes Club.
##########
After Greg left John ended up seeing another patient, a child, who had vomited all over the waiting room -and then all over John. He was walking home in a borrowed T shirt when a text came through.
Suddenly the penny dropped with John. Mycroft thought John would be a compliant omega the catch-all solution to any alpha hormone problem according to some people- no wonder Mycroft had offered him so much money when he had moved in with Sherlock at first.
'Oh John you're home didn't Greg get you?' Mrs Hudson bustled in, a pair of Sherlock's pyjama bottoms and a T-shirt draped over one arm.
‘That makes sense. The officer showed Sally a plan. ‘Covering the door.’ The armed officers beckoned Sally away and there were various murmurings between them that Sherlock couldn't hear.
He sighed at the tap on the door but painted on a professional smile as he called on whoever it was to come in.
'No problem, thought you might appreciate a historical flavour, if you get anywhere with those you'll make me a hero.' Lestrade said' half looking at the screen.
Ignoring his guest he sat and began to read the fragile pages of the older file. What looked at first sight to be a straightforward murder of a brutish alpha by an omega at the end of their tether was complicated by an apparently airtight alibi. He was halfway through the first statement before he tuned back in to what was going on in the room, which, he suddenly realised, stank of alpha.
'Of course. You want the appearance of keeping up appearances. Absurd as that is.' He said, turning to Anthea who looked confused. 'I'll explain.'
When they had finally gone to bed the previous night they’d been exhausted, John clinging limpet like to his side as if he feared being abandoned.
'It'll get better, you just need to get used to it how is, well, being around me?'
'The feet? Oh I see,the tattoos. I thought there was something in them ...'she trailed off with a glance to Dimmock.
(See the end of the chapter for
The alpha cleared his throat. Rolled them over till Sherlock was sitting on the cold tile.
As a flash of blue light hit John Sherlock noticed something.
John could see how young, bereaved, Victor would have wanted nothing to do with an alpha with a drug habit. Actually the damage Sherlock could have done to himself with an inheritance to fund his addiction was scary. Somehow the thought made him physically queasy. Maybe it was just the scotch on top of wine in the airless room.
'Tell me then.' She prompted, curling into her chair.
‘So should you. Replace lost energy and all that.’ John replied running his tongue along his bottom lip in a way that reminded Sherlock of, well, a lot of things that could be very distracting from the work.
‘Bit dodgy.’ John observed, pouring the wine.
The first two postcodes covered, as expected, the furniture shop and the nightclub. The third though, well that suggested Graeme was aiming for a very wealthy clientele.
‘You’ll drop everything come straight back as quick as you can and I’ll be waiting.’ John held his gaze as he crossed the room to slide arms round his waist. ‘I’d come with you but I still feel a bit weird.’ John said muffled against his chest.
'I was hopeful that over time things may develop, I never thought he'd be on suppressant long term but he got it into his head it was the only way he could cope . I couldn't have anticipated the ankle of course.' The alpha stood and threw his cigarette end into damp undergrowth at the back of a flower border.
‘It’s where he’s from I think,his accent.’ Craig broke in.
Mrs Hudson took longer than expected to deal with and it was ten minutes before John made his way up. A client had visited while they were out. A good old-fashioned jewel thief case from what she said, maybe even a locked room mystery. There was nothing Sherlock liked more than a locked room mystery- but it could wait.
They were making an effort to be extra affectionate for the benefit of their audience as per Sherlock's suggestion and the mixed messages they were giving off soon attracted Melissa Graeme. She leaned between them, giving John a decidedly probing look. Across the table Joe made to leave for a cigarette.
'You going to tell me or..?'
'You're suggesting what, I become his fuck-buddy?' The irritation in John's voice was obvious.
'Maybe, I mean therapy has its place but, being useful. I missed it.' Mike was an old, old freind but talking about Sherlock was difficult, different to when they'd share the details of every conquest at medical school.
'Christ Sherlock.' Lestrade said backing away. Hand over his nose, confirming Sherlock's worst suspicions.
'So, I'm assuming that you and Greg is just for this?' Joe said, changing the subject, looking genuinely curious.
'Don't get me wrong, I'm shattered, but it'll pass all the quicker if you just come to bed with me and let the hormones do their thing.'
'So you knew him well when you were living back in China?' Mycroft continued.
‘You say you found no staff, well you have now.’
##################
Now it was just after eleven in the morning and he had nothing to do. He glanced listlessly through his emails. Mostly boring but one from an acquaintance, Sebastian Wilkes, he’d been at university with caught his eye.
He opened his eyes to find Sherlock was watching his face closely, the alpha's eyes bright and fierce. Without realising he was doing it John reached a hand up and stroked the angle of his face.
'Your work with John?' Lestrade nodded, they sat in silence for a few minutes.
He read the messages as he shrugged into his coat, immediately changing back out of it, out of all his clothes once he had. He casually redressed in denim and a slim grey coat.
He thought about staying up, getting on with something useful but decided, sod it. He was going back to bed. He inserted himself back into Sherlock's arms and was soothed to sleep within minutes.
'You need to stop John, thinking of me like a fragile virgin you've corrupted.'
'Always the perfect gentleman- well mostly.' John said raising his eyebrows.
The doctor sat back, resting his head for a few moments on Sherlock's knee but his shoulder and leg soon started to ache in the draughts that played along the floorboards. He got up grabbing Sherlock's hands.
'Don't do it again, please.' John's whisper at his ear prickled pleasantly down his neck.
‘Look, why don't you come out with us tomorrow night? We could all do with a break?’ He asked the policeman gently.
John had just finished telling a (slightly edited)version of the story of a particularly hairy evacuation he'd been involved in on his last tour. Their table, a mix of Graeme employees including Joe and Richard, were lapping it up but now the meal was cleared away John's corrupted scent was attracting attention. Excuses were starting to be made to walk behind his chair and discreetly sniff.
Sherlock got to his feet, smoothing down his suit. He gently prised the mug from John's grasp. 'Will you dance with me?' Sherlock held a hand out. 'Please? We seem to have music whether we want it or not.'
'Hi, I think I've seen you about- Molly.' The pathologist said with a smile, oblivious to any atmosphere.
'Changing the subject.' She said, grinning and ,though it was a sign she was about to tease him, he was glad to see it.
John suddenly took his meaning. ‘No! Christ no!’
'Interesting. It looks like his omega's cousin might be useful. I saw something.' John crossed the room to pour another measure of the spirit and brought Sherlock the glass. He sank to the floor at his side, head next to the alpha' s knees.
The air almost felt curdled with pheromones and it seemed to make his balls (surely impossibly) tighten further.
He had been lucky, he didn’t feel it. He knew that people with this sort of injury didn’t rejoin their unit, didn’t ever wield a scalpel again. They went home. Whatever that meant.
‘How have you been anyway, well? Are Scotland Yard providing you with some diversions?’ Mycroft said sipping the tea hesitantly.
He caught Victor's scent before he saw him. He thought at first it was perhaps an olfactory hallucination. He'd got off fairly lightly in terms of suppressant withdrawal (thanks to John) and he thought this was perhaps it's parting shot but when he turned round Victor was there. Hair a little shorter, eyes when they met his a little more lined but unmistakably Victor. He had no time to think.
Sherlock turned to him with a quizzical expression and John realised, with quiet pleasure, that Sherlock hadn't deduced that detail. 'You may as well.' Sherlock made a languid bored gesture as he shifted on the sofa. Revealing, to John's keen eye, a scant half inch of hip bone.
Matt was sitting in the visitors chair avidly listening. A friend, John had told them. Though it was clear they knew what was really going on. The fact that they weren’t looking to discipline him for the inappropriate relationship only further proof that his military career was over. The guilt still prickled at the back of his brain that Matt had been the one to pull him clear. That he would never have been involved if he hadn’t been with John at the wrong moment.
Finally Sherlock opened the door, shedding bright light on how close they were standing. He paused ,hand on the door handle and looked at John hard. They could still hear the theives in the next room and neither of them moved.
'You wanted to ask John and then bottled it - clearly. Where is he by the way? Your brother wouldn't say.'
How often had the unit done this run? Countless and this, this shitty mess, had to be today.
‘No. I looked at some online reviews for this place. Some thefts reported, always at big events like this.’
‘So you suspect them?’
Sherlock shifted, leaning himself against the counter next to him.
‘I don’t have to.’
John's brain unhelpfully supplied. Sherlock was looking at him with a little too much understanding for his liking.
'It does more than that.' Sherlock said quietly. 'This is the night before Lopez's name was released to the press, a few hours after the ID.'
'I like it.'
'So she may be how Graeme got warned but your concern is how much sharing her friend in IA does.'
Sherlock realised at that moment that after what he had seen it was
'Does he bother you? I mean, are you feeling really aggressive or anything? The doctor did say you might...' John's brow was furrowed and the look was too clinical for Sherlock's liking.
‘Some copies of his financials are at my flat. Don't know why I've got them really. Can't make anything of them.’
‘You don't know what I want.’ John countered, setting his bowl aside. He was sitting on the sofa. The one he'd brought Sherlock toast on. The one they'd fucked on twice during his heat.
Sherlock nodded. ' George Lestrade was already a trusted presence in their lives. The boy realised they could have a better life but at the time unbonding was unheard of.'
‘Not good?’ He almost whispered to John.
They were riding the escalator into the bank's impressive lobby while Sherlock explained the essence of the case as he understood it.
'Sherlock, I've thought of you as my boyfriend since the first time we kissed. Saying it had nothing to do with that bastard. Actually - no, I've thought of you as my boyfriend since I realised we were going to kiss-you remember?.' Sherlock said nothing but smiled, sort of shyly.
John took it, wordlessly tucking the list inside.
'Cleanup time I think.' John reluctantly rolled off and wiped off the worst with one of the T-shirts before going to the bathroom and coming back with flannels wrung out in hot water. He wiped them both, thinking that strangely, cleaning Sherlock was almost more intimate than what had just passed and realising that he'd never felt the inclination with any other alpha.
‘That’s your dry spell sorted then Watson.’ Jones said with a grin. Jones had always joked that John’s bisexuality was ‘greed’.
'Look I'm not saying he won't get –
‘We might need to work on your dirty talk. ’ John said, still holding his hands ,now kneading the joints of his knuckles. Seemingly oblivious to the mess Sherlock had made across his stomach.
The alpha meticulously spooned the foam from the top of a cappuccino as he explained everything else.
'Bloody right it did.' He arched into the touch instead and Sherlock moved his hand to John's hair. He realised he didn't really want to talk about it.
