Castiel nearly swerves off the road.
“What does Alex do in the book?” Dean asks.
“Is it because I made the angels fall? I didn’t mean to. Metatron tricked me and took my grace.”
Now it’s 6:02AM AKA ass-o’clock on April 30
“Oh? Would you like to join me?” Castiel opens his arms and takes a step towards Dean.
Cas takes a step back and says, “What?”
Of course, this morning is a little different than usual. This morning is the morning of Christmas Eve and Jack is shaking Dean awake asking about Santa Claus.
“Yeah, I don’t know what it’s like to be a human after being an angel, but I
Castiel studies the bracelet. Inscribed on the part of the bracelet that will touch his skin is the phrase:
Castiel doesn’t know what to say in that moment, so he just listens to the song. Castiel’s not entirely sure what about the song bothers Dean. Perhaps it is the idea of coming from a less wealthy background than most of the students here come from that bothers Dean…the idea of being ashamed of home. Maybe that was why Dean seems uncomfortable when Castiel buys food for them. Castiel wants to ask Dean about it, but he doesn’t dare intrude.
Castiel feels warm. Every night. Dean has sent Castiel a goodnight message every night since they started dating. It’s sweet. Castiel loves it.
“Probably because you’re about to walk down the aisle in front of all your friends and family and try to say your beautifully written vows without screwing up.” Charlie suggests.
“Cas, I,” Dean freezes again.
suffer. Because you have hope. Hope that even though you confessed your sad unrequited love for Dean Winchester, he will still come and rescue you.”
Castiel goes cold. He feels dizzy and suddenly his exhaustion comes crashing down on him like a pile of bricks.
“Shhh. I still don’t understand what’s going on, but,” Cas lets out a small sob as he pulls Dean’s head to his shoulder. “But please don’t cry. I don’t understand why but it hurts to see you cry. More than being kicked out hurts. Dean, I don’t understand. Why does everything hurt so much? Dean, I don’t understand. I don’t
(2013)
“Can I at least take your shoes off for you?” Dean asks.
Dean wraps an arm around Cas, pulling him close. He plants a kiss on Cas’s cheek; it’s still wet with tears.
“I could say the same,” Cas says.
They wash their faces and Crowley fixes Castiel’s tie one more time.
Dean feels warm thinking about Cas’s smile…thinking about its slow spread across his face and how his eyes nearly twinkle in the dark. Dean chuckles and shakes his head. The writer in him is getting a little carried away.
“I love you too and you’ve done the same for me—you spent most of Spring Break doing that for me.”
“I was saying that we don’t have any board games, but I have some cards. You know any games?” Dean asks.
It’s March 7
“No, I didn’t.”
“Cas, I…I want to go. To the funeral.” Dean sniffles. “Can you…can you come with me?”
Dean can’t remember the last time someone made him breakfast. Probably when Sammy was ten and he made Dean a Mother’s Day breakfast when their dad was away. It was sweet. Dean cried in the bathroom a lot that morning.
microwave. That’s such poor planning.” Castiel sighs.
dearest heart. I look and act like a youth services librarian. Most of these kids will know exactly the level of dork that I am. I am a cool level four out of ten. And I accept that; it’s who I am.”
There are a few beats of silence before Cas asks, “And after everyone returns?”
Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.
“It’s okay, Meg. You still get to go to mine next year.”
Perhaps this will not be so bad.
Dean’s at a loss for words as Castiel walks away.
Castiel waves Dean off. “Details. The point is, despite all the crap we have been through, we made it. We are each other’s person,” Castiel squints past Dean. “At least, I think that’s the phrase. I do not know. I am not terribly pop-culture savvy. I try, but I have gaps.”
sing.”
The singer talks about not needing a superhero but rather someone reliable.
Dean takes in a shaky breath. “Thanks, Cas.” He swipes at his eyes. “Open yours.”
“Love,” Castiel can’t look Dean in the eyes.
Dean tries the eggs first. They really are perfect.
Cas copies him and they just breathe together for a while.
“Okay, let’s call them. Then we’re heading home to get you something warm to wear.” Dean says.
know that if I start to consider what you’re telling me, you’re leaving and I’m gonna be alone—probably for years since we don’t meet until 2008.”
“I have no previous experience with mashed potatoes, so I do not know whether they are too lumpy or not, but I do know that I like them.”
“Yeah?” Dean mumbles. He’s so tired.
Dean can’t look at Charlie.
“Dean Winchester, it has been ten years to the day since we crashed into each other only a few feet away from here. I didn’t want to recreate the full event because that would be rude to the bookstore staff. We probably should’ve stayed behind to clean up that day…at least
“Oh wait, shit. I forgot the bandage.” Dean turns the water off and sets the showerhead back on the stand. “I should’ve already started replacing this.”
“Aww, look at her.” Dean says.
Dean’s in luck this morning because he’s lying face-to-face with Cas. There’s just enough light for Dean to make out his features…barely, but he’s happy to get to see him. It’s nice to see Cas look so at peace.
Today’s already off to a great start.
“Outside. We just got back. Castiel is in the kitchen.” Jack replies.
“The way I see it, I don’t have enough info to make a judgement call on that. It sounds like you didn’t have a choice—or maybe you did, but the people above you forced your hand somehow. Or maybe you did it on purpose, but you clearly regret it now. And this happened years ago for you so why would I be pissed about something another version of myself forgave years ago? Assuming I actually believe you.”
Trigger warnings: Foul language, child abuse, death of an abusive parent, poor mental health
He’s in his year.
Castiel’s eyes well up with tears and he blinks them away so he can focus on Dean.
“What?” Dean asks.
“Yeah, Dean?” Cas asks, turning to look at Dean.
Dean pulls away. “What? Seriously?”
“Doesn’t matter. Still nice.”
“No,” Castiel whispers, head hanging.
“Shut up, dear.” Garth says. “He could mean a number of things, Dean. You just need to ask. Communication is not always your strong-point, but that’s what you need to do here.”
…he just does.
to feel stable, but he just
“Hey Cas…you okay?” Dean asks, feeling like he can barely breathe, much less talk.
February 4
on the tv Bobby and Ellen gave Dean for his birthday. Dean falls asleep with his head on Cas’s shoulder and his arms wrapped around Cas’s middle.
“Well, I’ll just have to teach it again!” Zachariah marches over to Dean. “Because I got you now, boy—”
He really
11:58PM on December 24, 2042
Castiel will have to try tickling him later.
Dean feels a thrill go up his spine and he feels warm from his head to his toes. This feels…important…and a little dangerous—this is
. He hates it when he gets like this. He doesn’t want to be his dad. He doesn’t. He can’t be.
“Cas! Dean!” Jack says.
Now Dean
Castiel feels like the world freezes. All he can see in his mind’s eye are images of Dean. Smiling. Laughing. Crying. His Dean. Who needs him.
But only because he feels like his head is going to explode from all these hellish thoughts and feelings. There’s just too much shit swimming around in his brain.
“Like it?” Dean asks. “I got it for our place, but I figured we could use it for today too.”
Two of the five poker players laugh. The other three just glare at Castiel.
Perhaps things would’ve been different had Father not chosen to begin his sentence this way.
“Dean’s dad died.” Charlie sounds like she has been crying. “And Dean’s
But Dean just ruffles Jack’s hair and says, “Good job, kid.”
“Around four years ago,” Cas replies.
They sit down and eat together at the little table in the kitchen.
“Hey, I just wanted to check on you.” Dean shifts from foot to foot. “Are you okay?”
“No. Well, sort of?” Dean runs his hand through his hair. “I don’t know, man. All I know is I’ve been on my own for basically three months and I’m lonely as hell. You seem harmless enough, I guess, but I honestly don’t really care right now. You’re hungry and I need to get the hell out of here. Are you coming or not?”
in front of you before.” Cas whispers.
“I know I don’t
Castiel nods, not trusting his own voice.
Dean remember him, or will he just remember this moment? What will that do to the timeline?
“Not right now—obviously—but if you ever wanted to talk about it, you can talk to me. Assuming the future-me thing is true, I’m betting he would listen to you too.”
There’s a voice. Castiel would know that voice anywhere.
“You know, this would go faster if you helped,” Castiel says.
Cas hugs Dean. Tightly.
At least, that’s what Dean thinks he hears Cas say. Dean’s not lucid enough to know for sure. In moments, those thoughts disappear, and all Dean knows is darkness and warmth.
“Well, I’m double-majoring in Anthropology and English, so I’m taking two anthropology classes, a COL 300—but I’m still deciding on that one—and I can’t decide if I want to take the Milton class for my single author class or if I want to take the Romanticism class for my British literature between 1700 and 1900 requirement. Or, if I want to just take both of them.” Castiel shrugs. “I’ll figure it out later. What about you?”
“Are you decent?” Dean asks after a few minutes.
“I’m—I’m Dean.” Dean chokes out.
Meg replies immediately.
“Okay, Dean.”
They’re taking a seventeen-hour drive from Williamsburg, Virginia to Lawrence, Kansas to see John Winchester.
What the hell?
“I better be good to you considering how good you are to me. Plus, I really love you too, Cas. So, there’s that.” Dean kisses Cas’s sweaty hair. It’s gross, but it feels like the right thing to do in the moment.
an enormous burden on the Winchesters.
“What’s next on your shuffle?” Cas asks.
Castiel tries to keep up with Dean and get excited about Christmas, but a heaviness weighs down upon him. Each step is getting harder, his head aches, and fatigue is fighting to overtake him. At one point, Castiel makes a stop to the restroom and when he finds Dean again, he has several new items in the cart.
“Yeah,” Castiel says before kissing Dean back.
Before Dean knows it, he’s going through his drawer and producing an old black t-shirt and a pair of black pajama pants he wears when his dad isn’t around. They have cartoon cheeseburgers on them.
Castiel has kissed people before. But he has never kissed someone he loved…not someone he loved like
“What?” Cas asks as Dean spins him.
am.” Cas shrugs, returning to his burger.
“Yes,”
Cas winks.
“Where’d you see him anyway?” Crowley asks.
“We should come out here together sometimes. It’s really beautiful in the mornings—especially now when it’s so warm outside and everything is in a layer of mist. We get a lot of bees and butterflies around here.” Castiel says.
“How do you know?” Dean whispers. “How do you know I don’t know what it’s like to want to protect the man I love and not know how—or if—he’ll ever let me do it?”
Castiel lies in bed, holding Dean close, trying to mull over what exactly Naomi had to gain from this situation. And why did this happen to Castiel and by extension, Dean? Why? Why now that they’re happy for once?
It’s nice to just lie here wrapped up each other like this.
One half features characters from Mario Kart. The other half features characters from
The service lasts for
Shit.
Now is Claire’s first soccer game. She’s a bit aggressive. Dean can’t blame her. She’s in therapy now, but she has been through a lot in her first fourteen years of life. That doesn’t just go away overnight.
Dean nods. He looks conflicted. It gives Castiel hope for himself, but also pain for Dean. It’s hard to be here, wishing to go home when Dean is desperate for company. This is too much to put on Dean’s shoulders. It was cruel of Naomi to send Castiel here—to grant Dean a friend when he has effectively been abandoned by everyone he loves—and for that friend to be someone desperate to go home to Dean…only the desired Dean is not the Dean who is driving Baby right now, but rather a Dean who is from twenty years in the future.
approve.” Cas pokes Dean’s nose.
Yes. Yes, it is.
“You should,” Dean says. “Charlie got it for me for my birthday last year. Alex’s bisexual awakening was pretty similar to mine, actually which is why Charlie bought it for me in the first place.” Dean takes a sip of his coffee. “I have a copy if you want to borrow it. I could bring it to our Milton class one time if you want.”
Dean lets out a wet laugh. “Well, I guess if
“Okay; serious question—no one will make fun of you. Are you scared of clowns?” Dean asks.
Dean blinks. “No. Angels aren’t real.”
Castiel takes a step closer to his father and for the first time in his life, he gets in his father’s face and says, “I. Don’t. Need. You.” He says the words slowly in the angriest, softest voice he can muster.
Castiel watches as Dean gets off the bed and walks over to the bathroom. Castiel makes room for Dean to walk into the bathroom and retrieve the shampoo from the shower-caddy.
Castiel blinks. Is this really what’s important right now? This? Not the incident where Castiel yelled at Father and then fled the estate? Father has clearly been angry with Castiel over that for the past few weeks, but he hasn’t actually
into the picture and Dean handing the camera over to Meg who takes a million pictures. He can’t imagine life without the group-picture of him and Cas surrounded by their friends: Charlie, Meg, Benny, Crowley, and Garth. That picture’s going to be developed and it will hang in the living room soon along with the other family pictures taken this day.
Dean laughs.
“Where are you guys?” Charlie asks.
Cas’s favorite holiday is Christmas. That horrible, horrible holiday. This year was good but that’s only because of Bobby and Ellen and Jo. Dean still has to live with his shitty memories.
Dean and Charlie take turns using the shower in the bathroom that connects Dean’s room to the room next to it. Then they spend the rest of the day in pajamas watching movies.
“Cas?” Castiel asks, scrunching his eyebrows and tilting his head to the side.
“And cheeseburgers and pie and lemon cake.” Dean counts on his fingers. “What else?”
Yeah, Cas probably
Castiel manages to turn his head enough to look at Dean. His vision is becoming blurry, but he can still make out the silhouette of his beloved.
Crowley laughs. “So, he talks about you?”
“Hello Dean,” Castiel says.
Castiel nods but he’s not sure who he’s nodding at.
It’s March 5
tell you that I loved you. You said, and I quote “don’t do this Cas” why would you say that if you wanted to talk about this particular subject?”
“Can you go find Jack? Tell him breakfast will be ready soon.” Dean says.
he’s feeling. Relief to not be in another one of Zachariah’s lessons? Gratitude? The safety of being with his friend? The friend who will apparently be around in five years when the shit hits the fan? Cas is staying. Holy
“I’m here, Dean.” Castiel says. “I’m here.”
Cas: Now you ask me a favorite.
“I’ve got you. Just let me do the work.” Dean’s voice is soft.
That would be nice. Forgiveness. Castiel will never be forgiven.
Gabriel looks back at Castiel, grinning, probably about to say something that will embarrass Castiel like he did when he met Meg, but then his face falls. “What happened to your face?”
“What do you want to talk about?” Dean asks.
Cas’s smile widens and he says, “I love you too, Dean.”
Cas chuckles.
Dean tries to ignore the twinge in his heart at the thought of his mom. He shakes it off and says, “There are at least four places I can think of that you might like, so you are in luck, kiddo.”
“Cas, you okay?” Dean asks.
“I would tell them if it was safe. I swear.” Castiel says.
“Okay,”
Cas blinks. “Oh. Thank you, Dean. I um. I didn’t buy you anything.”
Dean chuckles. Then he gets out of the car and smiles at Cas. “Hey Cas. Are you ready for your surprise?” Dean asks.
“It’s a hug, Cas. It’s uh, customary to hug back. If you want to.” Dean replies.
But Castiel didn’t
He’s with Dean—his Dean. The one he fell in love with all those years ago. The one he has been through so much with. His best friend. His beloved. This is the Dean he has been longing for and now he is here with him.
“I know.” Castiel hugs Meg again. “I love you so much.”
“Yes, Dean?”
They’re both crying and in between his own crying, Cas keeps trying to comfort Dean and it’s such a mess. Dean has created such a horrible mess.
“Whoever made it is an asshole.”
Castiel’s eyes fill with tears and he hugs Gabriel. “Thank you,”
“Okay, one, two, three.” Dean picks Cas up bridal-style and carries him into the bedroom. He gently lays him on the bed and says, “I’ll be back. I need to bring Meg the pajamas. Can I go through your drawer or should I just give her some of my clothes instead?”
They walk down the aisle together.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean says.
But Castiel can’t wait for later and he says, “Dean,” Then he grabs Dean’s face and kisses him.
But there’s no harm in looking nice and smelling good when going out to meet a friend.
“You’re right.” Castiel presses his face into Dean’s shoulder. “I can’t believe I forgot about that.”
“Pinch me,” Castiel says.
“That’s fair.” Dean drums his fingers on his leg.
in the bookstore last year.” Cas whispers.
Cas smiles.
“Come And Get Your Love” – Redbone
like me, why can’t he do anything about it?”
summer of sex. They discovered they have a lot in common like shared trauma and a love for tv shows like
Cas squints at Dean. “But…you do with me?”
. Whenever he sees her on campus, Dean waves, but that’s about it.
Castiel rolls over onto his back on the bed. Dean walks over and flops down on the bed, lying next to Castiel. Castiel takes Dean’s hand in his and Dean laces their fingers. Castiel just looks at Dean. He really is the perfect teammate.
It’s for the best that Castiel lacks the ability to do it though. Dean probably wouldn’t want all his pain to be taken away anyway. Dean doesn’t know who he is without all of his pain and suffering. Castiel knows that the Dean of 2021 is terrified to find out what life will be like when he is no longer hunting…no longer looking over his shoulder and scared of death…no longer crying himself to sleep because some new big bad has appeared and is out to destroy him and his family and friends.
“Okay, Dean.” Castiel nods. “Thank you.”
“Dean’s just jealous. He’s my current best friend.” Charlie explains.
“Me too Cas, me too.” Dean hugs Castiel tightly and presses little kisses into his neck and shoulders and cheeks. “I love you so much.”
Dean looks at Cas. What does Castiel Novak think of when he hears this song? Where does the crossover between this version of Cas who wears bumblebee items like armor and the version of Cas who wears a tan trench-coat and gets wasted after meeting with his father? It takes courage for Cas to even bother being himself while he’s here. Does Cas not see that he’s like Superman? Disguising himself as Clark Kent for his dad and being his true self—being Superman—when he’s free?
Dean rifles through the basket again. He smells everything and chooses a green bath bomb that smells like mint. He also selects a hot chocolate smelling soap. He sneaks into the bathroom, hoping Sammy doesn’t see. He can’t believe he’s doing this. He can only imagine what his dad would say if he saw him preparing to take a nice bath with good-smelling soaps. Dad would probably say something shitty and call it a joke. Like he always did with Dean.
charming and handsome and how you were freaking out because you said that it was a shame you two never talk and you went on and on about it for an hour. And then you two kept bumping into each other and you talked constantly about how much you
Castiel claps once and says, “Hi everyone! I’m Castiel and I’m your instructor for today. Let’s get started; shall we?”
Castiel can hear Dean shift in the bed.
But the money. That’s the real problem here. Will Dean’s financial aid and job be enough to cover the costs of an apartment, food, dishes, and everything else they’ll need next year? It should be. It’ll just be tighter than usual…unless Gabriel’s definition of “nice” is super fancy and expensive…that is a possibility given the amount of money Cas and Gabriel grew up around.
“I don’t know. I put it on the popcorn setting.”
“I do not, however, I
voice. He pulls away from Meg and stumbles over to Dean.
It’s Dean finally pulling himself back together. It’s Dean walking back into the living room with the intention of telling these three people how much he loves them, but instead saying, “Thank you. All of you.”
“Oh, so I’m right about something?” Dean teases, hoping to get a bigger smile out of Cas.
Dean launches himself at Castiel. Castiel feels a pain deep in his chest as his best friend, his beloved, as
Truly, this whole situation is ridiculous. Castiel is the youngest in his father’s so-called garrison and Father controls every single one of them. Castiel looks at Gabriel’s empty chair. Except for Gabriel. But that’s why Gabriel isn’t here. Because Gabriel is fallen. Banished. Disowned. And everyone is afraid to be like Gabriel.
“Yes, but it’s not from the staples,” Cas replies.
Cas: Cool.
“Is it a pony?” Dean asks.
Dean takes Cas’s hand. Cas laces their fingers. They go back to their apartment and change into pajamas. Cas makes hot chocolate and Dean pops some popcorn. They spend the day watching movies and random tv shows.
A few minutes later, Dean feels a tap on his shoulder. He looks up to see Claire standing in front of him. She puts a plate with a snowman mug and a note in front of him and drops the bag of cough drops on the floor beside him. Then she walks out of the room. Dean picks up the note and reads it.
Cas answers on the third ring, “Hello, Dean.”
“I already knew about your secret stash.” Cas is giving him a sad look. It’s not pity, but it makes Dean feel like his skin is crawling all the same.
“Honestly? I would rather go get a bunch of those mac and cheese bowls from Wawa and some ice cream.” Cas says.
Cas: Wait.
Dean grumbles something under his breath and walks out of the room, presumably to put away the cards. Dean walks back into the room five minutes later saying, “Oh, I have a
“Well, life is a beauty contest and dammit if you and I aren’t winning.”
“Thanks, Cas.” Dean says.
Dean feels warm inside. His heart is racing, thinking about the future.
“You wanna get some breakfast? Are you good to get up?”
Castiel looks up to see Dean standing in the doorway to the kitchen.
“Hey, Dean? Look at me, please.” Ellen says.
Instead Castiel says, “Good so far. It’s morning so not much has happened.”
Castiel does his best to focus on Dean’s smile instead of the barb he sent straight into his heart.
“That’s the thing, I do not know what I knew. I could have known better, but perhaps I did not. Things are…fuzzy.”
“Oh, shit!” Dean runs over to the oven and takes the pan off the burner.
Cas smiles and looks down.
“Who are you anyway? His guard-dog?” Mom mocks. “Stand back. I want to talk to my son.”
She signs, “Fuck you.”
Cas: I would like to go on a date with you. But I know that I will panic and be weird on a date-date, so can we hang out somewhere and listen to music instead?
Cas’s eyes widen and he takes a step back. “Dean, you never have to go with me if you don’t want to.”
Castiel tries to get up, but he is pinned in place. He can hear footsteps.
“What were you listening to?” Dean asks.
“I’ll call soon.”
Dean steps in something squishy. It’s squirrel poop and he’s wearing socks. “Fuck,” he grumbles as he takes his sock off. At least it wasn’t one of the new ones Cas got him. He just throws the old sock away.
Dean laughs. “I can’t tell if we’re loved or if we’re just infamous, Cas.”
There’s something about knowing that Dean’s favorite beverage is coffee that makes Castiel’s heart skip a beat. Maybe it’s because that means that he and Dean could hypothetically both enjoy getting coffee together again sometime in the future. Perhaps.
“Okay, Dean.” Castiel smiles at Dean.
Castiel gently thumbs away Dean’s tears. “Hello Dean.” Castiel says.
As they bake, they chat about random things. Castiel asks Dean about the books he likes to read. Dean asks Castiel about how television has changed in the future and what shows Castiel enjoys watching. Dean teases Castiel for enjoying bee documentaries as well as reality television. Castiel almost teases Dean for his love of cowboys but decides not to since Dean hasn’t mentioned it yet and Castiel will have plenty of time to tease him about it in the future. Now is the time to let Dean nourish his love of things without teasing…at least as much as he reasonably can.
that he is. He is not broken. He is strong and good and kind. And yes, he is angry, yes, he had an outburst at a funeral where his own father chose to embarrass him with postmortem cruelty. This is only one piece of the man your son has become in your absence. You’re only getting a fractured image of who he is. He’s,” Cas looks back at Dean. “He’s beautiful. And funny. And intelligent. And insightful. And he’s kind. And he always tries to help people.” Cas looks at Mom again. “And a truly remarkable human that I am blessed to call my beloved. And he is one of the best friends I have ever had on top of all those other things. You cannot look at him today—on one of his worst days—and claim you know everything there is to know about Dean Winchester. You have merely scratched the surface. He did not find strength because of your choices, he found strength
“Don’t worry about it, brother.”
“I don’t know!” Dean lets out a small sob that goes straight into Castiel’s heart.
, and Dean’s on his phone texting Charlie. Her car broke down and Dean’s trying to help her figure out what to do about it. He used to work on his dad’s car, and he remembers some of the fundamentals. Mostly, he remembers how much everything should cost when it’s getting repaired so he’s able to tell Charlie when someone is giving her a shitty quote for repairs. Which they do. All the fucking time.
“I love you too.” Dean whispers. Then he closes the space between them.
“I’ve been told I have an excellent poker face.” Castiel nods.
Dean scratches the back of his neck and says, “Thanks for yesterday—not just the pizza—you didn’t have to say “hi” when you saw me at the library. You didn’t have to catch me every time I tripped over my own feet. You didn’t have to ask if I was okay.” Dean’s voice breaks and his face feels hot as tears prick his eyes. “You didn’t have to…to,” Dean takes a deep breath. “You didn’t have to
.” Dean says. “I just wanna know how you got into my motel room. There was a flash of light and then you appeared. What do you want?”
Cas takes a couple pictures of them smiling, then he kisses Dean.
“I know. You’re safe now. Let it out. It’s okay.” Dean whispers into Castiel’s ear.
Dean feels his face get hot and he has to look away from Cas.
They’ve started
“You’re always swooping in and saving me.” Dean says.
Castiel stands in front of the vanity mirror in the bedroom. He fixes his hair one more time while Milton watches from the bed. Technically speaking, Dean has banned Milton from the bedroom, but neither Milton nor Castiel has paid any mind to that rule. Dean likes Milton too much to truly ban him from their bedroom anyway. Dean’s the one who set up Milton’s scratching post in the corner by the closet which is why sometimes they’ll wake up to a terrifying scratching noise at two in the morning. Dean’s the one who sleepily gets out of bed, picks Milton up, and places him on the foot of the bed with a mild admonishment about how rude it is to make such a loud noise while everyone else is asleep. Castiel’s the one trying not to laugh at Dean because those moment always fill his heart up to the brim with love and light and happiness and he has to let it all out
Fuck.
“That little shit.” Dean mutters.
“I love you too, Dean.” Cas replies.
“I honestly don’t know if you’re going to like this present or not, but I know you like cats and thought you might like them.” Dean says.
does he know?
Dean nods. “I’ll go get my coat.”
was cute, but he is endeared to know it warranted a text to Sam. Sam talks about the 2029 camping trip and
Well, Dean can’t exactly argue with
Dean just stares at Cas.
Dean’s phone rings.
trying to convince him that majoring in English and Anthropology is equivalent to throwing away his entire life. Fun times.
The squirrel or the hunters and Nephilim and angel?
“No. It has been sixteen hours since I arrived.”
Dean be banned from crying? What? Because his dad told him not to cry? He also told him it’s good to drink your feelings away and that led to Dean developing a very unhealthy relationship with alcohol that Dean has spent the past six months trying to fix.
Castiel turns on his heel, dashes up the stairs, runs into his room, grabs his dirty-clothes bag, jams it into the suitcase he has been living out of for the past two days, surveys the room for anything he’d like to keep, grabs the bee figurine he keeps on his bedside table, buries it in his dirty t-shirts for safe-keeping, and climbs out the window. He drops his suitcase onto the ground and then he climbs down the tree next to his room. Once he’s on the ground, he grabs his suitcase, and runs. He can hear his father yelling at him from inside the house. He wouldn’t dare follow though. What would the neighbors think?
The hair on the back of Dean’s neck stands up. These are the last words he will ever hear from his dad.
Dean doesn’t know what to say to that—because yeah, it would be nice to have more than two friends especially since neither of them is on campus right now, so Dean is really freaking lonely—but that doesn’t matter because it’s their turn in line.
“I guess…I guess that makes sense.” Dean says.
Dean follows Mom as she walks over to Castiel.
Dean’s surprised he hadn’t already made that connection.
Dean: You’re a traitor for not warning me about this.
it mean anything? It might. It meant something when Castiel told Meg about Dean during one of their morning walks. He enjoys his walks with Meg. She’s his closest friend on campus. They talk about everything. Well…not
Dean looks around some more and sees that his dad’s shit is still all over the bed beside Dean’s and all Dean’s shit is stacked neatly near the closet door. That adds up.
that.
Dean is insistent that they buy matching sweaters.
“All right. Let’s try again. Go ahead and grab Baby’s wheel.” Dean looks up at the ceiling because that definitely sounded dirty.
“Can you hold me?” Castiel asks. “Please?”
Friends? Yes, they are friends. It feels like their friendship happened so quickly. Yet, sometimes…sometimes it feels as if Cas has been in Dean’s life forever, but their friendship is still so new. At times, Dean struggles to find the right word for their friendship.
Dean turns the light off and whispers, “Thanks, Cas.”
“Let’s go get some coffee before we browse. Okay?” Castiel asks.
Dean finished all his homework early which is both a relief and a surprise because there was a lot of it. He had to read a bunch of stuff and write a poem for Ellen’s class. He ended up writing an ode to blue eyes which was all he could think about and now that he has submitted it, he kind of wants to crawl into a hole and hide forever. He really hopes Ellen doesn’t ask about his inspiration for
“You probably didn’t have much fun last night though. I’m pretty sure I cried.”
“Well, goodnight you two.” Ellen hugs Dean. She walks over to Castiel and reaches out and gives his arm a gentle squeeze.
Cas smiles at Dean. It’s a soft smile that makes Dean’s heart almost stop because it’s too soft. Dean doesn’t deserve to have someone give him such a tender smile. But here Cas is, doing it anyway.
it’s unrealistic to expect himself to save the entire world, so Dean tries to save the people who make up Dean’s world instead. It’s an admirable way to live, but Castiel knows it takes a toll on Dean.
Despite his efforts, he ends up waking Cas up.
“That sounds fun,” Castiel says.
Dean laughs.
No way.
They spend the rest of the day driving with the windows down and the music loud. They play their favorite songs on Spotify and scream the lyrics together.
Dean chuckles. “I’m glad you two have each other. You found someone who matches your weirdness.”
“Let It Roll” -Flo Rida
Finally, Dean says, “Sorry, Cas. I can’t sleep. Do you want me to let go so you can sleep?”
“This is a long time to sit in the same position; isn’t it?” Cas asks, pulling away.
August 13, 2027
Dean yawns. “I’m wiped. Where did you want to sleep? Together? Separately? What would you feel more comfortable with right now?”
Cas stands. “Dean, we don’t have time for this. Sam and Eileen are surely looking for us by now.” Cas makes to walk away, but Dean reaches out and grabs Cas’s wrist.
He puts his hands in front of his mouth. He cannot believe he admitted that. He can’t believe he couldn’t say it in a nicer voice.
“I love you too, Dean. So much.”
This song reminds Castiel of the feeling of watching a sunset, but now Castiel can’t imagine listening to it without thinking of Dean. Without thinking about that small smile that has hardly left Dean’s face all afternoon and all evening. Without thinking of the way Dean is singing this song to him right now. Without thinking of the way that the lyrics are blowing Castiel’s mind in the context of loving Dean.
“Yeah, that one.” Dean nods.
Dean has become friendlier since the incident last Thursday. There is a noticeable difference in terms of Dean’s openness, his smiles, his texts. It’s not much really. Everything is just a little more frequent. Dean has mentioned pieces of his childhood. Dean smiles at Castiel more. Dean sends Castiel random texts during the day of weird squirrels he finds on campus. That is actually something Castiel finds rather endearing. Dean even includes little captions for the squirrels of what they’re doing, saying, and their thoughts. It's adorable.
Cas nods and then winces, letting out a small groan.
“Get the cat and you’ll get the rest.”
“Wanna watch another movie?” Dean asks.
Then the drinking starts. Benny hands Dean the Starbucks six-pack and everyone else shares the two wine bottles.
“I understand, Dean. Thank you.”
“Really guys?” Benny laughs. “You’re only gonna be apart for maybe an hour.”
“See you later,” Cas says.
His heart drops. Is he…is he human? Did Naomi send him back as a human?
He’s with Dean.
Castiel feels warm inside and holds Dean just a little closer.
“I keep thinking about my own father.” Castiel admits. “I don’t really want to talk about it at the moment; I want to live in the now and feel good with you instead…at least for a little bit.”
Sammy shoots Dean two thumbs up. He’s wearing a suit that is split in half; one half is green and the other half is blue. Dean still can’t decide if it is the best or worst thing he has ever seen in his entire life, but he knows that he loves it just like he loves his moose-sized little brother. Plus, Sammy’s girlfriend, Eileen helped pick the suit out and Dean loves Eileen too so…the suit can stay.
“Yes, I get that things are sad now, but that’s not the point. It would be
“Okay,”
“I agree.” Cas replies, taking the hood off.
Trigger warnings: foul language, references to homophobia and child abuse
is supposed to be supportive and loving and—at the bare minimum—nice.
He would understand
Castiel looks at the book and flips through some pages. There are several adorable images of bees. He’s excited to get to explore this book further. “This is wonderful. Thank you, Dean.” Castiel says.
“Yeah, and it’s gonna hurt but you’ll be okay. It’ll make it better in the long-run.”
“What’s your idea?” Castiel asks.
“I’m fairly certain Professor Singer would kill me.”
It is 3:19AM on December 15, 2020. Castiel lies in bed with Dean. Castiel is warm under the covers and Dean has his face buried in Castiel’s chest. Castiel is content. No. Castiel is
Dean sends back a single heart.
Sam signs.
“Yeah? Who told you that?”
Tears prick Castiel’s eyes.
“What about you?” Castiel asks. “How’s your morning going?”
But then Dean pulls over and gets out of the car. He leans against the hood of the car. Castiel pulls the keys out of the ignition and stands by Dean. The night air is still. There is an impossible number of stars in the sky. They’re in the middle of nowhere and it’s a little unnerving, but Castiel doesn’t say anything. He just waits for Dean.
“You weren’t there the time someone knocked Meg down and threatened her.”
but,”
“Cas, no.” Dean fights a lump building in his throat. “Cas, that’s not,” Dean blinks back tears. “Not even close.” Dean tries to figure out how to word this. How does he explain to Cas that he loves him and has been in love with him for years? “I’m so sorry.” Dean finally says.
“I don’t—I don’t—I don’t wanna lose him again.” Dean sobs.
“Fine. It could’ve been better. Let’s try again.” Dean says. “Breathe in.”
“She should get pulled. She’s gonna cost them the game. Probably hasn’t ever been on a sports team before.” The dad says. Loudly.
This is going to be a good day. No point thinking about sad shit when he doesn’t have to.
Castiel shakes his head. It doesn’t matter. Dean has come to rescue him.
“Dean, I’m so happy.” Castiel just
Cas looks at Dean and frowns but doesn’t say anything. He lets go of Dean’s hand and puts his arm around Dean’s shoulders instead.
“The pie is wonderful, the lemon cake tastes like the diner’s lemon cake, and of course, the peanut butter and jelly sandwiches are the best part of dinner.”
“I still can’t believe you think PB&J is a gourmet food,” Dean says as he finishes cleaning the potatoes.
“I was just telling Cas that you need to watch a hilarious movie called,
Cas: Did you have plans today?
Castiel-What should I say?
“You know Sammy?”
“It’s at the end of the hall. I’m sure he’ll find it.” Cas shrugs.
“Do you want to eat here before you go to class?” Dean asks. He’s still sitting in bed.
“They’re gone,” Castiel whispers. He doesn’t intend to say the words out loud. They just slip out.
“You bet your ass we did.”
And then Rowena asks about vows. Of course, Dean and Cas have prepared their own vows. Cas talks about making things up as they go and how the one thing he wants, he is allowed to have and how happy that makes him. Cas promises to always come back to Dean. Dean puts his hand over Cas’s and grips him tight.
Then Cas asks, “How did Zachariah find you?”
“Oh, and I know you can’t text, but could you take some pictures for me so we can have things to share with each other for after break? I’ll take pictures for you too. Then it’ll be kind of like we’re communicating with each other.” Dean says.
“Bye Sam,” Cas says.
Castiel remembers this piece of the line from “Litany in Which Certain Things Are Crossed Out” when the speaker asks, “Are you there, sweetheart? Do you know me? Is this microphone live?” He remembers being twenty-one and full of fear and longing and heartache. Castiel’s not so afraid anymore. And he doesn’t think Dean is either.
Dean knows this song.
“Like I said before, I want you to suffer.” The Empty smirks. “And you
Cas laughs. “Oh, my goodness, your face!” He hugs Dean’s arm and presses his face against Dean’s shoulder.
you want to talk?” Cas asks.
“It probably didn’t help that Charlie ran out the door laughing. It was very funny though.”
Through the corner of his eye, Dean sees Cas wince beside him.
Cas looks at Dean and tilts his head to the side. He’s squinting a little as he studies him like he’s confused.
“What’s your favorite Christmas movie?” Cas asks Dean.
“Oh, I’m sorry that happened to you.”
Dean plops down onto a staircase under a lamp and opens his backpack. He grabs his notebook for his poetry class and opens it to a clean page. He pulls out a pen and starts writing. He writes all his thoughts and fears and dreams for the next few months. For the next few years. For the rest of his life.
something. He’s supposed to be sleeping now. In theory. But that’s not happening. Not right now at least.
Castiel forces himself to turn away from Dean. It feels like he’s walking through molasses. Every step is so much more difficult than it should be. He should be able to just walk away, but he can’t. He hates leaving Dean. He desperately wishes to stay and it’s nearly too much to take. But only nearly too much. Not quite too much because Castiel
Dean looks at Cas and sees the way his best friend is looking at him and hell, he feels loved—maybe the real Cas isn’t in love with Dean, but he loves him. That’s good enough.
on, and turns it up so Cas can hear it.
Dean sighs, “This stuff is hard.”
“Dean?” Castiel asks.
Then “Stairway to Heaven” comes on and Dean’s heart drops. He looks at Cas.
“Charlie!” Dean laughs.
“Everything.” Dean snuggles closer to Castiel.
“Because she only went after me. Perhaps it’s over now. Maybe it was just some sick test.” Castiel signs.
“You’re stuck with me now, asshat.” Castiel hears Gabriel tell Dean as the two of them hug.
Castiel jumps.
for each other. Not at all. But you…you complete each other maybe. It’s like, everything you don’t have,
Castiel smiles and leans over to kiss Dean.
Well…just in case he doesn’t, Dean better tell him.
Castiel puts his book on Dean’s bed and takes Dean’s face in his hands as gently as he can. “You are.” Castiel tells Dean. He kisses Dean’s forehead in the spot he used to touch when he physically healed Dean. Castiel smiles and says, “Let’s go make some breakfast.”
and Dean’s sitting in the passenger-seat having a bit of a sing-along with Cas. Dean believes this is justified for several reasons but the main two are that it’s a road-trip and this is Cas that he’s with and Cas means safety which means that singing is okay. The other time singing is okay is karaoke nights with Charlie and Jo because Charlie is Dean’s best friend and Jo is Dean’s little sister.
“Are you propositioning me, Dean Winchester?” Castiel asks.
know that I don’t want you to die.”
“Oh?” Cas raises an eyebrow. “Is that so? Would you take me on a hunt right now?”
need you,” Dean says.
“We weren’t in a romantic relationship. It was a Christmas present.” Cas tilts his head to the side and squints off into the distance. “Of sorts…you kind of just thrust it into my hand one day in December and told me ‘Merry Christmas’ before walking away. Your ears were red. I’m still not sure why you were embarrassed to give me an educational tool to better understand you.”
Cas reaches out and puts his hand on the handprint he left on Dean’s shoulder all those years ago. He smiles at Dean.
No way that Cas could be here right now.
Castiel laughs again and pulls away.
“I am invading you at eight in the morning before most respectable college students are awake. It’s only fair that I feed you.” Cas shrugs. “Where should I put this?”
Cas is gone, but Dean just can’t believe it. He saw him walk into the water, but he keeps waiting for him to walk back out. All he has left of him is his trench-coat. It’s disgusting and bloody and Dean refuses to let it go. If he lets the trench-coat go, that means he’s letting Cas go and he just…he can’t do that.
. They were
“Toothpaste,” Cas whispers.
“I don’t know, Cas. I just wanted to say something cute back.” Dean laughs. “It didn’t work.”
Castiel should tell him.
get to decide those things. Afterall, I’m the one paying for your education.” Father says, taking a step closer to Castiel.
Castiel-I’m having a bit of a shitty day. I don’t really feel like talking about it yet.
“Okay,” Cas’s voice is quiet.
“Good morning, Dean.” Castiel says.
“I just don’t get why this has to be about me.” Annoyance begins to build in Dean’s chest…and guilt but Dean’s not thinking about that right now. Obviously. He has nothing to feel guilty about. This guy is lying. Dean shouldn’t feel guilty for not believing him.
Castiel kisses Dean.
Chapter 28 (2/1/2021)
Neither of them says anything for a few beats. They just stand there, hugging. Dean’s glad no one’s around because this is becoming a long hug. But he has things to say, and he knows he won’t be able to say them to Cas’s face.
“Yes, my love.” Castiel says.
“I don’t know. I miss my dad sometimes too. Despite everything. There are probably some good memories left swimming around your head. It probably makes everything hurt more. Am I getting any of this right?”
“Everlong” -The Foo Fighters
Dean blinks.
“What’s this one called?” Dean asks.
Castiel carefully untangles himself from Dean who latches onto his arm in his sleep and makes a small whining noise. Castiel feels a rush of adoration for Dean and covers his mouth to hold back a laugh so he doesn’t wake Dean up. He could never tell Dean this, but Dean is a bit of a clingy sleeper and Castiel finds it ever so endearing. He maneuvers away from Dean and laments the lack of sunlight. He wishes he could watch Dean sleep…he enjoys the moments when he wakes up before Dean and he can watch him in his peace. It’s the one time of the day when Dean’s still and at ease.
Cas is holding the bumblebee mug Dean got him for Christmas last year. It’s got a chip on it already which is why one of the presents waiting for Cas under the tree is a new bumblebee mug. Dean’s holding a William and Mary mug. They hold hands as they make their way to the Sunken Garden.
Cas takes Dean’s face in his hands and gently kisses him. “I love you, Dean.” Cas says against Dean’s lips.
Castiel feels warm all over and has to blink back tears.
“I wasn’t going to. I was instead going to express my own worry for you.”
Castiel blinks. He doesn’t feel tired. Just…he doesn’t feel anything. Nothing. Just…empty.
—” Cas’s voice cuts off.
Castiel looks at Dean. Dean’s sitting beside Castiel.
“This is only half.”
Dean kisses Cas’s forehead. “You said it, pal.”
“Yeah,”
“Wanna talk?” Dean asks.
It quickly becomes a hug-parade and Castiel ends up hugging everyone.
“What?” Cas asks.
Dean also dated Benny. That lasted all of a week. It just…it didn’t feel right. Not because Benny’s a guy, but because Benny’s his pal and they decided they were better off as friends. Which worked out perfectly because now Benny’s dating Garth who is a total sweetheart.
Dean looks at Cas who’s just standing there with his head down, staring at his shoes like they’re the most interesting things in the world. Cas’s trench-coat is dirty, his skin is covered in blood and sweat and dirt. And all Dean wants to do is hold him in his arms.
Dean looks down at the apron again and says, “I’m gonna like this.” He winks at Castiel.
“The last time I saw my dad was last week. It was the first time I had seen him in a month. It’s four days before Christmas. He promised we would celebrate together this year after his hunt, but that was him on the phone saying he’s got to go to Wisconsin to visit an old friend or something. He’d rather go find some chick than spend Christmas with his own son.” Dean’s voice shakes and his bottom lip quivers for a second before he looks away from Castiel. “He didn’t even come back for his shit.” Dean gestures to the bed on the other side of the room. “I don’t even know why I’m telling you this.” Dean sighs.
“I’m excited to get to make you breakfast in bed.” Dean says as he wraps an arm around Cas’s waist. Cas kind of stinks. He smells like a meld of his deodorant and sweat, and the two smells seem to be fighting for dominance, but Dean just wants to be close to him right now. Smell or no smell.
Thank you so much for reading!!:D
trilogy.
“Yeah, I know Dean.” Jack says.
“We are not waiting until the last minute again.” Dean says as he makes some coffee.
After dinner, they put everything away, and clean up the kitchen.
“How can you be so sure?”
Dean looks at his shoulder and sees Cas’s hand there. Now he’s noticing the gentle pressure Cas is putting on Dean’s shoulder. Why didn’t he notice that before?
He walks over to the bathroom and knocks on the door.
“Sorry,” Cas sniffles. “I didn’t mean to spoil your evening. I just—I just have trouble coping when—when my—when my father is here. At home there are rules, but here. Here I’m supposed to—supposed to—supposed to be—be
“Thank you.”
“Nothing. Just like I did nothing to deserve you. We
“Why not?”
Castiel watches both Ellen and Bobby walk up the stairs. Ellen looks at Dean one more time over her shoulder. Then Bobby does. They exchange a look and hold hands as they walk up the stairs.
“Eileen’s right. It’s not your fault, Sam.”
He sends Cas a text.
Castiel looks Crowley in the eyes and says, “Perhaps I’ll intentionally never invite him here just so you can’t use that nickname.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Shh,” Meg whispers.
Dean keeps walking and once he reaches the crosswalk, he knows exactly who it is.
“It didn’t seem like a good time.” Dean says.
“Sometimes you two have trouble believing the truth even when it’s right in front of you.”
Dean takes a step back. Shit. How did he miss that?
loves Castiel Novak. Dean really,
“Here’s your pie.” Patricia puts the pie on the table. “Is there anything else I can get you?”
“I’m assuming you’re going to move in together?” Gabriel asks. “Since you both look happy.”
“Yeah, so shut up about her.” Gabriel adds, standing by Cas.
“For trusting me to take care of you.”
Dean doesn’t reply right away.
On February 28, Dean wakes up to a text from Cas.
Cas smiles sheepishly, “Thank you.” He takes a bite of pie. “Oh, wow.”
“Crowley has called dibs on the room.” Cas sits beside Dean.
In a few hours, they’ll be making breakfast for the kids and Sammy and Eileen. Sammy will make that famous Mary Campbell peppermint hot chocolate he makes for the kids every year. Dean will drink it for Sammy…not for Mom. He’s taking it back. Like how he took the name Winchester. It’s his fucking name; he’s got a right to use it without wanting to set something on fire. His parents
“Oh, okay. I have something for you too.”
at singing, but there’s something about the way he’s super into the song that is just so cute. It makes up for his lack of pitch. He doesn’t sound
Cas squints at Dean and asks, “Can I have a hug?”
.” Cas’s voice falters. “Don’t you?”
Dean smiles and says, “I like seeing you happy.”
because he hasn’t gone to bed yet. He just finished his shift with Benny at the library and now he’s walking home. He’s probably walking slower than usual because he’s just swimming in his thoughts.
his best friend, isn’t he?—a pep talk about something that
am the one who acts like a child.”
“How do you know he didn’t mean me?” Benny asks.
“We should get candy. Do you like candy? I love chocolate—and licorice.”
Dean’s frozen in place. He can’t believe this is happening.
“Ugh, I hate crying.” Dean says.
“Cas? What happened to you? Are you okay?” Dean asks.
Cas walks out of the bathroom wearing black dress shoes, black slacks, a white button-down, his black suit jacket, his trench-coat, and a tie with a cartoon bumblebee pattern.
Dean bumps Cas’s shoulder, “I was
“I’m not okay, Cas.” Dean admits. “I want to be, but I’m not.” Dean sniffles and puts his mug on the coffee-table. “What if this week sucks and he never talks to me again? I just,” Dean’s voice breaks. “It’s so pathetic, but I really want him to like being here,” Dean lets out a shaky breath. “I just—I
Castiel-Happy Halloween. Miss you. How are you?
Then the chorus plays, and Dean looks right into Castiel’s eyes. His green eyes are welling up with tears and Castiel regrets playing the song. He didn’t want Dean to cry. He
Dean takes a harsh breath in. Then he shakes his head. “You could be a stalker. You could be some kind of creature who’s reading my mind and that’s how you know all this shit. You don’t know me. You can’t,” Dean’s voice breaks.
Dean looks at Cas. How could he know? Dean hasn’t ordered eggs around him…has he? Dean doesn’t think so. He remembers stress-eating pancakes and waffles with hash browns and sausage. Not eggs.
Castiel’s body is restored but Castiel can’t feel his grace.
by Thomas Pynchon.
“Okay,” Dean nods.
“Are you suggesting we stay together?”
Dean reads the note. “Oh,” Dean whispers. “Shit, Cas.” He wipes his eyes.
A whistle blows and there’s an announcement that the event is over.
Cas-Devastatingly handsome; huh?
Dean’s heart stutters.
Dean waits until work to tell Benny about the confession with Cas.
“Okay,” Jack says and walks back to the kitchen.
Dean’s stomach growls.
Castiel feels bold and types his reply.
“Do you want to come with me?” Dean asks.
Castiel tilts his head to the side and squints at Dean. The gesture is somehow calming…not a lot. Just a little. If anything, it’s alarming that Dean wants to
But beyond the driving aspect and the physical requirements it takes to get to the funeral, Cas just being here with him helps a lot. Cas can’t fix any of this shitty situation, but Cas just being here somehow makes it the tiniest bit
“Tired,” Cas replies.
“We have body wipes so you can clean up without messing with your staples. And, uh, I can help you wash your hair if you want.” Dean’s face flushes after he offers to help Castiel wash his hair.
“I can’t believe I did that. I may be cursed. Can’t even pop popcorn.” Cas mumbles.
Dean lets out a small, choked laugh. His breathing is becoming uneven.
Dean loves his family. He’s excited to spend a real Christmas with Jack and Sam and Eileen and Cas. Dean spent that year with Lisa and Ben, but that had a hellish start and it never felt quite right. Dean loved Lisa and Ben, but it wasn’t where Dean really wanted to be. He
Castiel turns to look at Dean who is holding up his index finger which is Dean’s typical hand-gesture to request that someone stop talking to him for a moment.
Castiel closes his eyes and says, “Well, now I know you didn’t get me a pony.”
Dean takes a step back.
Dean looks ready to collapse.
Dean grins from ear to ear.
does Cas know this is how he likes his eggs?
happen. Good things
“Yeah, that would be nice.” Dean replies. The thought fills Dean with an amount of longing that surprises himself. Why does he want these things now? Is it because he’s older? More traumatized? Or is it because it’s Cas? Because all Dean wants to do is lay here in bed with Cas. Just…holding each other. Maybe they’ll talk, maybe they won’t, but he just wants to be right here, right now, doing exactly this for as long as possible.
It’s Thursday, February 18, and in typical Thursday fashion, the campus is a flurry of movement and sound and laughter and raised glasses. Dean wishes he could’ve gotten assigned a Thursday night shift at the library just to avoid the crowds. It’s not that Dean can blame anyone for wanting to have a good time. It’s just awkward because Dean’s trying to do his homework. He needs to finish a draft for a short story for his speculative fiction class by tomorrow. Ellen already gave him an extension on this one, and Dean really needs to make sure he finishes this time. Unfortunately, Dean has been working on this for six hours and all he has to show for it is half a page of bullshit and a brain that can’t focus. Perfect.
Dean’s face turns bright red and Dean gives Castiel a little nudge with his shoulder. “Not as…not as good as your smile though.” Dean says.
Cas shakes his head. He leans back and grips the countertop behind him. He closes his eyes and takes deep breaths.
Then he finally calms down enough to pull away a little and look at Dean. Castiel whispers, “I’m home.”
Dean walks over to Cas and asks, “What are you doing?”
“Cas?” Dean asks as he sits beside him. He’s not too worried about getting locked out of Baby because he can break into her if he has to, and Cas could always just fly in and open the doors if he wanted to.
“I wanted to make you something special. It is nearly Christmas.”
The Empty grins. “I’m going to solve my problem.” He digs his fingers into Castiel’s skin and rips his grace right out of his neck, leaving a gash.
“They should. She seems like a fascinating character. She just left wherever she was from to go live with Santa Clause for the rest of her existence. Why would she do that? What was her motivation?”
Dean feels his face flush. Everything feels hot and awkward and he knows he can’t take his flannel off because he has surely sweat through the t-shirt. There’s just something about knowing that Cas feels the same way about him in some aspect that is getting to Dean. He tries to be casual about it and smiles when the song ends saying, “Your turn.”
“Yeah, just tired.”
Castiel chuckles and walks over to where Dean’s sitting on the bed and kisses his forehead before saying, “I like the idea of you wearing my clothes.”
How long has he known?
“Maybe,” Dean’s ears feel hot. Why is it only his ears?
” Castiel takes another deep breath so he doesn’t scream in frustration.
“Okay, Dean.” Cas slowly hugs Dean back.
“Yeah,” Castiel smiles. Then he remembers. “Oh, I have something for you.”
“You know that I love you; right?”
Cas nods. “Okay.”
am ridiculous.” Castiel feels his eyes burn with tears.
“Bye, Dean.” Cas waves.
Benny chuckles. “I know, but is it really LDOC if one of us doesn’t cry? Last time it was Charlie. Were you upset with Charlie?”
Is what they’re doing just an attempt to play out a mutual fantasy or are they really going to succeed here? Will they be able to live together without problems? Charlie swears problems are normal, but Dean has no frame of reference for that. He didn’t have parents who were together to look to for an example while growing up. His only example is Bobby and Ellen and they always seem to be on their best behavior around Dean.
Dean blinks. Then he freezes. No. He’s not allowed to be taken care of. He’s supposed to take care of others. It’s his job. His job isn’t to be weak. He needs to be strong and do everything for everyone. He does. His dad said so. Well, did he say so? Or did he just imply it? Was it just the looks he gave him every time he did something nice for himself or were there words too? Does it even matter?
“I do too. But at least we can keep each other company until they all get back.”
Dean looks at Cas. He falls forward and Cas catches him. Dean wraps his arms around Cas and hugs him tightly. Cas hugs Dean back. Dean just needs a moment. Just a moment.
“Well, let’s go make some pancakes.” Dean bumps Cas’s shoulder with his own. “Thanks for sharing the secret with me.”
“Just thinking about how much I love you.” Castiel replies.
A soft smile forms of Cas’s face and he hands Dean his phone. “Sure,”
Yes, Dean wishes that this is a date.
Still, he did
“That time you and Charlie went to my class was very funny.” Cas says.
Dean opens the door and concern washes over his face. “Cas? What’s wrong?” Dean asks.
Chapter 16: Easy
Aw, fuck. Now Dean’s made Castiel feel bad.
Then he sets off to find Cas. It takes twenty minutes before he finds Cas sitting in a sandbox with Claire and a little kid. That must be Jack.
“Are you okay?” Dean asks Cas as he looks him over for injuries.
sleep. So, you’re not stuck outside in the cold and you can actually get some rest. But, I mean…I’m not
“That is true.” Dean does a nod like he’s giving sage advice.
Castiel feels Dean wrap an arm around his waist and uses his free hand to gently stroke his hair. It feels so nice. Castiel loves their shared friends, but he also wishes they could just spend the day in bed like this. Here, it’s warm and safe. Here, Castiel is held tightly by Dean. Here, Castiel’s arm is asleep because it’s under Dean and he should probably bring that up at some point, but he also doesn’t want Dean to move because everything else feels so good.
A small sob bursts from Castiel’s chest and then he hugs Dean back, crying as quietly as he can into Dean’s shoulder.
“We both messed up in the past. Moving forward, we should communicate better and try to trust each other.”
Dean’s antsy after he gets the call from Cas. He paces around the house for a solid hour. Bobby does his best to try to help Dean. Bobby tries to get Dean to join him when he works on a puzzle. He offers to take Dean out back to work on a car. He suggests they watch a tv show together. He asks if Dean wants to go for a walk with him, but Dean doesn’t want to leave the house because he doesn’t want to miss Cas.
Cas smiles at Dean. “Yes. Thank you.”
Why is Dean asking Castiel to hang out
The figure is only a few feet away now and Dean realizes with a start that it’s Castiel. For some reason, Dean hadn’t pegged Castiel as a Tri-Athlon kind of guy. Dean’s not sure why it surprises him; he doesn’t know Castiel. At all. They’re practically strangers.
We have made it to the end!!:D I can't believe this one is already finished!
“Uh, yeah,” Dean says. “Have you decided to take this class or are you doing a trial-run?”
Castiel feels cold.
Dean walks through the door and sucks in a breath when he looks at Castiel.
“YouTube, asshole.”
Mom doesn’t say anything.
“Hey Charlie, you’re on speaker with Cas and me.” Dean says.
“Did I do something wrong?” Castiel asks.
“You are a disgrace. This is beyond rudeness to come here, not say a word without being prompted and then the first time you speak on your own accord it is to curse.” Father says.
Castiel brings the gift to the kitchen and tells Dean, “This is for you.” Castiel hands the gift box to Dean.
“Dean!” Castiel says, reaching over and jerking the steering wheel to get them back in their lane.
sorry that I spilled my coffee all over you.” Castiel says as he gets to his feet.
It’s 8pm on December 23, 2020. Dean just lost another sock to squirrel shit, but he doesn’t even care. Not really. He just tosses it in the trash, washes his hands, and brings the popcorn he was popping for Cas into the living room. They’re watching
Castiel feels tears in his hair, and it’s like a cold hand grips his heart. How long was he gone?
“I want to find some pie.” Dean replies.
“Gabriel, what the fuck?” Castiel feels a little faint.
best friends after all.”
The douchebag opens his mouth, but Crowley cuts him off.
“Dean, you’re human. Humans have emotions. We all cry sometimes.”
“Actually, except that one. Anything except that one.”
“Yeah,” Dean says.
Oh fuck, this is
“Well, I had breakfast with Charlie and she was telling a story but she made herself laugh so hard that orange juice came out of her nose which made her laugh harder. I wish I could’ve recorded it.” Dean chuckles.
But he’s also scared.
“You act like I don’t know about every time you’re in Tucker Hall.” Jody laughs.
“Hey Dean?” Cas whispers.
It’s December 22
“I missed you too, Dean.”
Dean walks into the motel room, not checking to see if Cas is following him. When he gets inside, he starts clearing the stuff off Dad’s bed, so Cas has somewhere to sleep.
Dean looks right at Cas and sings,
Cas chuckles and sits near Dean. He puts a hand on Dean’s back and rubs small circles into his shoulder with his thumb.
Castiel looks at the ceiling. “I think my wedding vows are a little more important than a lunch-order.”
Cas doesn’t say anything. He pulls over and parks in the grass on the side of the road. Nobody’s around and it’s pitch black except for the stars and Baby’s headlights and taillights.
“No. I need to go get it.” Castiel jumps out of the bed and runs to his room. He grabs the wallet card and runs back to Dean. “It’s not much. Not nearly as good as Pumpkin, but I thought it was a nice idea.” He hands Dean the wallet card.
“Sure,” Dean shifts awkwardly in the booth.
“Merry Christmas, Dean.” Castiel kisses Dean.
“Do you need me to hurry up? You’re staring.”
to try to catch the “furry friend”
“Yeah?” Dean kisses Castiel.
“I know. I’ll check you in the car.”
He looks at Cas who’s smiling at him. Dean looks right into Cas’s eyes and smiles.
“Gabriel, can you give Dean and me a minute to confer?” Cas asks.
Castiel grins. He loves his wild family.
The funeral is taking forever. It’s an open-casket one too. It’s a motherfucking open-casket funeral. Holy fucking
“You’re telling me. I thought I was going to have a nice day at home and then all this happened.” Castiel mutters.
but-specifically-the-Jim-Carrey-one-from-2000. Dean promises they will also watch that one tonight. The creatures are standing around a gingerbread Christmas tree and there is an elaborately decorated gingerbread house.
“Cas!” Dean yells.
Castiel walks into the restaurant with Father after church. He’s still unsure as to why Father wished to visit him for Easter. Why not bring any of his siblings? Why not explain why he’s here? Well, expecting an explanation from Father is unrealistic. But still. It is rather odd that he’s here. Usually when he does something like this and it is meant to be a punishment, Father does explain his reasoning. Why is this time different?
“Yes.”
to pay Castiel back.
“This is,” Dean’s hands are shaking. “I just,” Dean shakes his head. He reaches out and takes Cas’s hand in his. “
Sam frowns and says, “Maybe it’s because you’re taking special care to pick out the best things for Dean, so you’re a little stressed out about it?”
to Dean in this time and it hurts worse than the staples in his head.
fucking happy.” Castiel chokes out.
Dean swallows down a sob and whispers, “And I love you, Cas.”
Then Sam reads the text Castiel sent him last night. Castiel remembers what he texted Sam when he was tipsy with Meg and Crowley. He’d said,
He puts their stuff next to the cot.
They get out of bed and Castiel makes coffee. He puts cream, sugar, and a candy cane in each mug. He also sprays whipped cream into both mugs.
Cas grabs Dean’s arm. “Stitches?”
Castiel looks at Dean. Dean’s eyes are wide and he’s staring at Castiel. Castiel sits on the edge of the tub and Dean stands over him. Castiel stares straight ahead as he hears Dean turn the water on, maneuver the showerhead off the stand, and turn the shower-water on instead of the tub-water.
“I don’t know,” Castiel shrugs, not ready to explain the reality of Chuck and his malicious intentions to Dean. “I will likely never know.”
Castiel smiles as Dean leads the way through the house. He does most of the talking, excitedly explaining things about the house and different parts of their lives. He mentions Castiel’s affinity for bees which is why there are so many bee decorations.
“What?”
“Oh, nothing. Whew. It’s been a long time since I’ve laughed that hard.” Dean says.
“We have blueberry, raspberry, and peach; which would you like?” Patricia asks.
An hour later, they’re settling into a new motel. This one is nicer than the last one with a big fridge, a small oven, and a stove-top all next to a reasonably-sized sink. The bathroom’s nicer too. It’s bigger and looks like it has been recently remodeled. There’s even a tv with a DVD player in the main area.
“Yeah,”
“My lifeline. And the source of my powers.”
They get ready for bed.
“I’m okay.” Castiel lies.
Dean startles, but then he smiles broadly and waves back at Castiel.
“Friendship,” Charlie laughs.
benefits.
“All right, I’m gonna go. Got some reading to do.” Sammy says.
“This is awesome, Cas.” Dean whispers. “Thank you so much.”
CASTIEL: Yes.
He sees him in the Williamsburg library a mile away from campus.
“No fucking way.”
“Okay. All right.” Dean can’t help but smile as he hugs Cas back. He never thought he would get to do this again.
He tells him that he is Castiel. Dean already knew that, but a confirmation is always nice when faced with someone who could kill you. Then he tells him that he is a fucking
Dean grins at Castiel and then gently takes his face in his hands. Castiel smiles and feels a shiver rush down his spine. Dean kisses Castiel and Castiel kisses him back, trying not to laugh when Dean kisses his teeth instead of his lips at one point. Castiel kisses Dean on the lips and then pulls away, smiling at his beloved.
Dean’s heart swells and he smiles so widely his mouth hurts. “I love you.”
“Didn’t future-Dean help you?”
Dean nods.
“Okay, Dean,” Cas yawns.
“Because of the brainwashing?”
“I don’t know. I keep wondering about it too, but I can’t decide if it’s better to think about it or ignore it. It’s probably survivor’s guilt or something.” Dean admits.
Cas hugs Dean one more time.
Well, that changes now.
Dean stares at Cas, an apology caught in his throat.
during the day: moving from one thing to another with speed and efficiency, laughing and teasing and grinning that shit-eating-grin of his, comforting and promising Castiel that there are good things coming his way as he holds him tightly in his arms. Dean Winchester without movement truly seems antithetical. But it’s nice that he’s at ease. He’s just…existing. He’s not worrying about everyone else. He’s not stretching himself too thin between the endless shifts he subs for his co-workers, caring for Castiel, caring for his friends, solving everyone else’s problems, and spending hours working on his own schoolwork—his main task as a college student. Sometimes Castiel thinks that Dean
“Hey Dean,” Sammy signs with a grin.
“Bye Sammy,” Dean says.
“Please,” Castiel whispers.
The days go by, and Dean keeps having a dream. It’s the same one over and over and over and it’s weird as hell. He’s twenty-two and he’s lying in bed with Cas, only Cas looks older. Which is weird because Dean didn’t think that angels age the way humans do even if they’re technically in a vessel or whatever, but apparently in Dean’s mind, that’s what happens. And Cas has his hand over Dean’s heart and he’s promising to come back to him and that Cas will be in his heart until he comes back.
Castiel tilts his head a little and asks, “Do you really believe that?”
Dean-Can’t wait;)
“I am so, sorry.” Castiel scrambles off Dean and then holds out his hand. “Are you okay?”
“Sure,” Castiel shrugs.
It’s not.
“Yeah. Gosh, I cried so many times reading that thing.” Sammy says.
“It was obvious.” Charlie shrugs.
“Cas!” Dean yells again; Castiel can barely hear him.
Dean takes another deep breath for good measure and says, “Cas, I just wanted to help you take better care of yourself if something happens to you. We could get separated and I need to know that you’ll get back in one piece even if your batteries get drained.”
Dean shakes his head and thinks about Castiel. Cas. Dean’s angel. Dean’s best friend. The person who wants Dean to be kinder to himself. Who wants Dean to use these soaps and relax for once.
It’s in part because Crowley is an enigma. First, Castiel is not sure if Crowley is a nickname or his given name. Crowley took down his room-tag, so Castiel doesn’t know Crowley’s last name either. All Castiel really knows about Crowley is the fact that he’s pansexual and his mother didn’t mind because she is too and that when Crowley asked about his father, all his mother told him was that he was conceived during a winter solstice orgy and she was not taking names during the event. Those are literally the only facts Castiel knows about Crowley’s family history.
Castiel tries to breathe with Dean. They take three breaths together before Castiel’s ears stop ringing. Another two breaths and Castiel doesn’t see the weird colorful dots everywhere. Three more and he doesn’t feel like throwing up anymore.
Dean looks to see Patricia waiting to take their orders.
They prepare everything and Castiel tries to follow Dean’s directions. Dean doesn’t seem to understand what needs to be done either. At least he acts like he doesn’t know. He keeps saying self-deprecating things.
Cas goes to the bathroom and Dean goes through his clothes until he finds his hoody. It’ll be better for Cas to borrow this than not have a jacket at all.
“Hey, I know this is a shitstorm of a situation, but you’re gonna get through it; okay? You always do. You’re gonna be okay.” Meg says. She’s talking faster than usual, and her voice is unsteady.
“I don’t know,” Cas sighs. “That’s the hard part. Despite observing you and Sam over the years, I don’t know what I need. I know what you two need, but not what
Dean walks past a sign advertising peppermint mochas in the Starbucks upstairs and is hit with an onslaught of memories: his mom making peppermint hot chocolate, her smile, the way she looked at him with love. Of course, that was all before she left and took Dean’s little brother Sammy, with her the day after Christmas when Dean was six.
“It’s nothing to be embarrassed about. Everyone has nightmares.”
Cas walks over to Charlie. Dean grins as he watches Charlie and Cas start dancing. Some things never change.
“Thank you for allowing me to stay with you. You didn’t have to. You took me in when I needed help and I truly appreciate that, Dean. You are full of kindness. And…I do not believe in much, but I believe in my family. You are part of my family and I believe in you. You will do good things in the future. You are incredibly important, and you will be loved by so many. As I have said before, some people will leave. Some will come back. Some will stay forever. But you will not be alone.” Cas says.
“Rock, paper, scissors?” Dean asks.
“That sounds like a worthwhile reading experience. I’m going to have to check it out.”
He never really understood that part until now that he’s standing outside of the bathroom—not looking—just listening to Cas sing and Dean’s having trouble fighting tears because it’s
Castiel decides to have breakfast with Dean and walks out of Dean’s dorm wearing Dean’s leather jacket. Just for today. He’ll give it back to Dean when he joins Dean and Charlie for an early dinner before Castiel has to leave.
“What happened, Dean?” Cas looks right at him with those blue eyes of his and Dean has to look away.
Castiel takes it. “We keep bumping into each other,” Castiel cracks a smile. “Literally.”
He has a text from Dean.
before and he really can’t get over the strangeness of it all. They even extend their kindness to Castiel…a little bit. Is this what the future holds?
Holy shit.
Dean finds himself nodding off.
“Please take care of yourself. You need food that’s not expired and doesn’t have mold on it, clean water, shelter. Text me if you have questions. I’ll answer. Cas, I swear, I’ll answer. It doesn’t matter what time it is. You can’t talk to Sam though.”
He goes back to reading. How did Dean say this book was simply hilarious? It’s so full of heart and pain and love. Why didn’t Dean tell Castiel?
to say about that snow.”
It’s not that Castiel hasn’t dated before. He dated in secret in high school and he had a boyfriend freshman year. None of it amounted to much. Castiel had never really fallen in love before Dean.
When the song’s over, Cas glances at Dean and grins at him. “Like it?” Cas asks. “I can do two more Queen songs if you want.”
Dean laughs and leans his face against Cas’s shoulder.
That first kiss. It wasn’t perfect. But it also was. It was so them—a little messy, but so, so very worth it. Their whole relationship wrapped up in one kiss. Then another and another and another.
Castiel watches as Dean grabs his jacket off his bed and heads for the motel door.
And Dean hates it.
His mom steps up onto the stage. She’s crying and talking about how they got divorced but John Winchester was the love of her life.
Castiel walks over to Dean who is sitting in a chair with his arms folded, glaring at the floor.
Dean takes Cas’s hand and Cas pulls him to his feet. “Maybe you can show me how to make those pancakes you and Jack made the other day?”
“You okay?” Dean asks through a mouthful of burger.
Benny chuckles. “I love it when you call our professors by their first-names. If it were anyone else, I would assume they were just being assholes, but you’re doing it probably without even meaning to because of your parents.”
“In The Light” – Led Zeppelin
Jack and Eileen high five.
“Yes,” Castiel whispers. “Just a nightmare.”
Dean opens up the door and says, “Welcome to the house. We’ll give you the tour, but spoiler-alert, you are each getting your own bedroom. Each room has a bed, a closet, a dresser, a desk, and a bookshelf. There is one shelf full of books geared towards your age-groups, but the rest is for you to do whatever you want with it. Put glitter or stuffed animals or baseballs on it. It’s yours.”
Meg’s wearing Cas’s cat pajamas. Crowley’s wearing the squirrel pajamas that he bought Cas for Cas’s twenty-second birthday. Garth’s wearing Dean’s grey flannel pajamas. Charlie’s wearing Dean’s Han Solo shirt and a pair of flannel pajama bottoms. Dean has a feeling he won’t see that Han Solo t-shirt ever again, but that’s okay. Charlie can steal it. As a treat. He’s going to miss seeing her nearly every day. Benny’s wearing Dean’s sweatpants and a Star Trek sweater. Cas decides it’ll be fun if Dean and Cas switch clothes for the night too, so Dean wears Cas’s bumblebee pajamas and Cas wears Dean’s green and blue flannel pajamas. They all end up sprawled throughout the apartment. Garth and Benny take the couch. Charlie curls up on a chair. Meg takes the other chair. Crowley steals the bed. Dean and Cas don’t go to sleep that night.
He returns to find Dean in bed already.
“That obvious; huh?”
Castiel plants a gentle kiss in Dean’s hair. “Yes.” Cas replies as he wraps his arms around Dean.
“I should have said something sooner too. But neither of us did then. We have now. Let’s celebrate that.”
Cas looks away as soon as Dean looks at him.
“I’m okay, Sammy.” Mom says.
anyone else to look at him like that anyway.
“Of course, it was.” Castiel gently takes Dean’s face in his hands and kisses him.
“Your friends are weird, Dean.” Jo says. “I like them.”
“Yeah, it is.” Charlie puts her hand on Dean’s shoulder. “And honestly, you’re pretty bad at this, but that doesn’t mean you should give up. Castiel seems nice.”
His phone rings. He goes through his go-bag until he finds his cell phone. He answers it.
“Don’t mention it.” Dean shrugs.
Dean feels shame wash over him as he watches Cas’s hurt expression morph into a glare.
Castiel just glares.
Dean laughs. He misses Cas.
Wait.
Dean wants to…he wants to…he wants to
At some point in the night, Castiel falls asleep. He wakes up at 4AM on the dot. He looks at Dean who’s drinking one of the coffees he bought at Food Lion. His hand that is holding the coffee shakes. He must be exhausted.
Castiel smiles and takes Dean’s hand in his. Dean laces their fingers, and they continue the tour. They walk around the house hitting all the main stops: the kitchen, the dining room, the living room. From the living room, they go out to the garden where Castiel has planted roses, milkweed, daisies, honeysuckle, foxgloves, bleeding hearts, lilies, and marigolds. The garden spans across the border of the backyard. Dean’s herb garden takes up a small corner of the yard. Everything else is mostly free space with lawn furniture on it. Perhaps they should put up a playset for Jack. And they should find something Claire would like back here too.
“Yeah?” Dean asks.
There’s panic in Charlie’s voice. Castiel knows this because he has gotten to know Charlie quite a bit since January because she comes to every Dancing Badly class that Castiel teaches. At first, they just had the dance classes and then an occasional lunch, but now they get weekly dinners at Aromas in CW. Charlie even calls him Cas which Castiel loves because Castiel is the name given to him by his father, but
Castiel smiles at his phone and holds it over his own heart.
Dean barely survives the class.
“No,” Sammy says. “You’re—you’re dead.”
As if on cue, their server comes back to the table.
Dean looks at Castiel. There are tears in his eyes and his mouth shakes as he whispers, “Cas?”
“Dean!” Cas exclaims.
“No,” Dean fights off a sob. He may have cried in his dream, but he does
Cas stares at Dean for a few moments before whispering, “Are you sure?”
“Happy Birthday to you! Happy birthday to you! Happy birthday dear Jack! Happy birthday to you!” Everyone sings and signs as Dean places the cake in front of Jack.
coffee. He wanted to have a
Castiel feels warmed by Dean’s choice of words and their meaning.
For just a moment, in the midst of his burning mouth, Castiel had forgotten his father was here.
Dean is scared, and he knows better than to ask right now.
Trigger warnings: mentions of child abuse, homophobia, and foul language
He doesn’t know how to ask for that right now.
“I appreciate that.” Castiel grins. He kisses Dean on the cheek and asks, “Feeling better now?”
“Do you do this sorta thing a lot?” Dean asks.
if you were in charge of my love-life.”
Castiel shudders. He opens his eyes and blinks. He’s not supposed to be awake. Something’s not right. Why is he awake?
“No,” Castiel whispers. “But thank you for asking. And thank you for being here. You always have my back.”
As soon as they pull up, Dean sends Sam a text telling him to bring Cas to the garage.
“What song should I put on next, Cas?” Dean asks.
Because honestly, he does. He loves these kids so friggin’ much.
“I still don’t understand that reference.” Castiel says as tears spill down his face.
Cas takes a shaky breath and says, “This is…unusual for me, Dean. In Heaven, all the angels are only valued based on their usefulness. This is,” Cas clears his throat, “different.”
“I’m excited to wake up on Saturdays with you in my arms and spend the day in bed. And…I look forward to decorating the apartment with you.”
“What do you want to call her?” Jack asks.
“No, Dean.
Cas crawls into bed.
Dean groans. “How could you start the main exercise with a song that includes the phrase, “let the good times roll”? That’s false advertisement, Cas.”
“What? Is my company not enough for you?” Dean jokes.
He’s probably not used to people who want to kill him bursting into tears unprompted.
Cas: Green.
“Mornin’,” Dean says.
They finally did it!!:)
“Of course, if you hurt him, I
Castiel feels warm inside. There is something particularly wonderful about giving Dean something that Dean enjoys receiving. “That will be fun.” Castiel says, handing Dean the note.
lucky man.
“You did it!” Charlie runs over and hugs Dean. “I’m so fucking proud of you!”
Dean laces his fingers with Cas’s and they walk down the aisle together as Jack throws flower petals at them.
Castiel has been driving for the past hour. Dean drove all night and he still isn’t sleeping. They have been in a car together for ten hours now and they have seven hours to go. Dean’s not good on planes so Castiel suggested they drive his car. One of the perks of having a rich father who likes to appear to be taking good care of his children is having a car on campus.
“Cas, I can think of no better way to spend the rest of my life than spending it with you.” Dean says. “You are earnest, and you love fiercely. I knew that the day you came to the Singer house to check on me that Spring Break when my dad died. You were across the country, but the second Charlie told you something was wrong you hauled ass to get to me. You speak my language. You’ve figured out how to work around all my shit and you don’t complain about it. You’re so patient. Even when I forget to take out the trash or I put all the clothes in the laundry without separating any of the colors and the whites…well, the laundry thing gets you a little riled up.”
“Yeah, something like that.” Cas sniffs and rests his face on Dean’s shoulder.
“I’ll see you two in a bit!” With that, Jack runs out of the room.
“Hey, look at me.” Meg grabs Castiel by the shoulders.
Cas nods.
“I figured I’d take the inside part that way you’re free to move around whenever you want.” Dean says.
Castiel really
“Okay, that’s good; right?” Dean asks.
“Yes, let’s.” Castiel laughs.
Dean hugs Cas back. He tries to focus on the things he can feel within his physical environment. Cas. Dean can feel Cas’s arms around him. He can feel Cas’s body-heat. He can feel Cas’s heart pounding. Dean must’ve scared Cas just now. He can feel wetness in his hair. Shit. Dean must’ve
“Yeah,” Dean smiles. “I’m good.” He takes Cas’s hand again and they walk to the dorm together.
And then Dean has pulled Castiel into his arms. He’s hugging him tighter than Castiel can remember Dean ever hugging him and honestly, it hurts a little, but Castiel’s not complaining. He would freeze this moment if he could, just to savor this feeling of being high on hope.
Castiel is worried that Dean may come to believe that Castiel is stalking him.
Dean’s face softens and he puts a hand on Castiel’s shoulder. It’s the wrong shoulder. This Dean doesn’t know which shoulder is the correct shoulder. It’s not Dean’s fault, but Castiel is exhausted, and it breaks his heart a little.
Cas looks at Dean.
Dean loves Charlie; she’s like the sister he never wanted and the best friend he’s ever had. Dean opens his arms and Charlie crashes into him. The impact takes Dean’s breath away and he staggers back a step as he wraps his arms around her. Charlie hugs Dean back and squeals.
“Yes, five…well, no six. Counting today.” Castiel replies.
“Hiya, Cas.” Jack grins.
“Yes,” Castiel replies.
need that break from Dean and went to sleep.
“My injury is healed.” Cas swipes at his eyes.
Cas stares at Dean for a few moments. Then he looks away and puts the trench-coat on. Dean doesn’t feel as much weight on his shoulders anymore because he knows Cas will carry it with him.
“Your Love” – William Cas
Charlie winks at Dean as Garth brings some cards over. They’re big cards.
Castiel shakes his head and immediately regrets it. A wave of pain crashes over him. It brings him to his knees, and he cradles his sore head in his hands, trying his best to bite back a moan.
Everyone applauds.
“I want to see you happy. Does this episode make you happy?” Dean calls back.
“No, I got it.” Dean gets up, puts everything but the library books in his backpack and pulls out his wallet. He gets his library card out, closes it, and shoves it back in his jacket pocket. He stumbles and Cas catches him.
“Seeing you watching your favorite thing would make me happier.” Cas replies.
“Wait! I’m over here!” Castiel yells. “Dean!”
“You okay, Cas?” Dean asks.
“Hello, Dean.” Castiel releases Dean’s hand and turns his music off. “Are you okay?”
“What are you thinking about?” Cas asks, echoing the question Dean asked Cas only a few hours ago.
Castiel-Love you too my sweetest and kindest friend.
“Cooking is quite exhausting,” Castiel says.
“Well, look at that.” Dean grins. “Merry Christmas, Cas.”
“Cas, what are you doing?” Dean asks.
“I love you, too.” Dean replies, pulling Castiel a little closer.
And holy shit! It’s a hunker!
Castiel carefully holds the note from Dean as he reads it.
Cas smiles. It’s just a flicker of a smile. But it’s still a smile.
Cas doesn’t even look. He just flips Meg off.
one but now you’re not because another angel turned you into a human and blasted your ass to the past to torture you with an impossible task. Is that right?”
Dean laughs. “I look like rolled-over crap, but I appreciate you lying.” He wraps an arm around Cas’s shoulders, and they walk to the gym.
Dean laughs and they finish picking up all the shit Bela and Adam knocked onto the floor.
Dean hears Jack and Eileen laugh as he tackles Sam into a pile of snow.
“Thank you, Dean.” Castiel walks to the bed Dean said he could use.
“Yeah, it probably shouldn’t be, but all the toasters are made differently so it keeps you on your toes.” Dean shrugs.
“Hi.” Castiel says, sitting near Jack in the sandbox. “I’m Castiel.”
“Thank you, Aunt Jo.” Jack grins at Jo.
“A class that I teach at the Rec.” Castiel replies.
No. Not Bobby. What the hell? Who is this guy?
Jack has fun. Jack gives Dean input on Dean’s present ideas for Cas and Jack picks out Christmas presents for Cas, Eileen, and Sam too. Dean also picks up presents for Sam and Eileen.
Benny and Garth go to the 7am Monday Dancing Badly class…sometimes…if they haven’t gone to sleep yet and they’re still enjoying a late Sunday night.
Dean smiles and feels his face heat up. He’s not even sure who he’s jealous of: Cas or his friends. It doesn’t matter though. They all care about him. Plus, now they can all hang out together: Cas, Charlie, Benny, Garth, and Dean. He should see if Meg or Crowley would want to do a movie-night some time. Then all the friends can hang out.
Dean stares at Cas as Cas pulls over. The road is quiet. There’s a field next to them and they haven’t seen any other cars in a while.
, man. I think we should get to retire if we want to.” Dean blinks as he realizes how true those words are.
“Yeah, well, Sammy can’t play worth shit in 2001 so he won’t be here to save you.”
“Good. So, this is where you will stay.” Dean says, giving Castiel’s shoulder a little squeeze.
Cas stands and grins at Dean. “Sorry I didn’t look for you for as long as I normally would have liked to. I met a new friend and then a few minutes later, I met another new friend.” Cas gestures to Jack, “Dean, this is Jack.” Cas gestures to Claire, “And this is Claire.”
Cas hugs Dean back and is silent for a while, but then he says, “We’re just so lucky to have survived. But I can’t help but wonder…why us?”
“Guess, we’ve got nothing to worry about then.” Castiel hip-checks Dean and says, “I’m gonna clean up in here and then we’re gonna get to know each other over lunch. Sound good?”
Dean’s face flushes. “Let’s just go back to the motel. I’ll take a nap and then we can regroup. You should probably take a nap too because you’re all banged up and you need all the rest you can get.”
Cas laughs as Dean peals out just to be dramatic.
He really is sweating a lot.
Dean nods.
“I’m fine.” Dean has his arms around Castiel, gently moving him off of him. He gets to his knees, angel blade in hand, and staggers in front of Castiel. “Don’t fucking touch him again.” Dean growls at Naomi.
“Thank you. For being here. I’m sorry for yelling earlier.”
Nobody says anything as Ellen stirs something or another. Dean doesn’t even know what they’re making. He
Today?
His dad really did that.
Dean sighs. Maybe he should talk to a professional about his dad. Then maybe he’ll be able to get him out of his head.
in 2021 with 2021 Dean.
“But I fucked up.” Cas’s voice cracks and he looks away from Dean again.
“Can I hold her?” Jack asks.
“Dean!” Cas pulls Dean into a tight hug. A
understand is the fact that he cannot under any circumstances mention that Crowley has sex with people. Because then the topic of Castiel’s sex-life will be brought up and his father will want to know about Castiel’s adventures of the sexual persuasion rather than his adventures of the weird persuasion. After all, good Christian boys have sex. Good Christian girls are the ones who must remain “pure” until marriage. What a load of bullshit.
Dean heads straight for the door and says, “Let’s go get some lunch.”
“Want another pancake kiddo?” Dean asks, holding up the pancake plate.
“This was really nice of you, Dean.” Castiel says. His eyes widen and his cheeks turn red. “I’m not weird for knowing your name. We’ve been in three classes and the class-sizes here are small. Plus, you always gave interesting analysis for the texts we’ve read for class.” Castiel smiles a small smile. “This was especially true when we were in Professor Shurley’s class last semester.”
“Why?” Castiel asks. “Why are you being nice to me? I just crashed into you because I wasn’t paying attention and I could’ve really hurt you. Aren’t you mad?”
“No, you don’t.”
“Well, that’s perfect because we’re apartment shopping today and you’re probably going to want his input anyway. And, you know, I would like to meet him. Obviously.”
Castiel wishes he could make a funny retort. It’s what Dean would want him to do. But there is far too much pressure on his windpipe for that and Castiel is struggling to remain conscious.
Cas nods.
worried this is going to end badly. Dean has a feeling that regardless of how this whole thing goes, there will be tears. There always are in Dean’s life.
Dean hesitates before saying, “I like the idea of living with you, I just…I just don’t know how much I’d be able to chip in for the apartment. If I can’t contribute, I shouldn’t move in with you.”
happy.
Dean smiles and returns the gesture. “Obviously.”
“It’s all right. I don’t mind. It seems like he needs a long hug.” Jack hugs Castiel a little tighter.
Dean laughs and kisses Castiel on the lips.
Castiel nods and then regrets it when his headache worsens.
“Santa Claus. Who the hell do you think is in here with me?” Dean says.
Castiel leads the way up to the dorm and finds the door ajar and the light on. Dean’s sitting on Castiel’s bed, typing something on his phone. He’s making that concentration-face that Castiel loves where Dean scrunches his eyebrows and sticks his tongue out just a little. Castiel cannot help but smile at his boyfriend. He’s just too cute sometimes.
Trigger warnings: Abuse: physical and emotional, homophobia, foul language
Dean watches as Cas grins at Charlie and points to her.
“I love you too, dear heart.” Dean replies, gently wiping away some of Cas’s tears.
Dean nods. “I’ll go grab some stuff so we can get this cleaned up.” He walks away.
They stand there for a few minutes.
The douchebag’s eyes widen, and he turns away.
“Yes.” Castiel says. “Thank you.”
Dean is definitely going to split in half.
“We’re his dads.” Cas had sniffled.
“I know. Your other family’s a bunch of assholes. They never deserved you.” Meg hugs Castiel tighter. “I’m so glad you’re free of them. Now you’re here. And you’re gonna marry that goofy man who loves you
“I’m sorry this is happening to you too, Cas.” Dean’s breath is warm against Castiel’s neck.
Cas hugs Dean.
“Because I like you too!” Dean all but shouts.
“What else is on the list of Christmas things to do?” Castiel asks.
“What?” Castiel asks.
Dean steps in front of Castiel and punches that poker player in the face.
Cas kisses Dean back and pulls away. “I do not think I have noticed that your breath is disgusting in the morning.”
“Yeah. I’ll make the coffee?” Cas replies.
“Shut up. You’re not involved.” Mom says.
fun, Cas is a good teacher.”
Dean blinks and takes a step back. “What? I don’t feel sorry for you.” Dean says. “What have I done to make you feel like that?”
Castiel laughs.
the time, but they are all significantly happier than they used to be and that’s good enough for Castiel.
“We love you.” Dean’s voice shakes. “All of us. We love you. And none of us think you’re a burden just because you’re having trouble adjusting to being human. You’re family, Cas. This place is your home. This is where you belong—with me—with us.”
“Is this another one of those human-things you hate?” Dean feels warmth well up inside of him. He can’t help it; he’s just so damn fond of Cas.
A different way to be”
Cas: No reason :P
“Hey, Dean?” Sammy asks.
“I love you too.” Dean whispers.
Castiel smiles. “Your secret love for literature is safe with me.”
“Okay, now you can crawl in too. I made room.”
“Looking forward to it new best friend.” Castiel grins. “See you in class, Dean.”
“Thanks,” Castiel accepts the mug and takes a sip. Perfect. Strong. Just a little creamer and a hint of cinnamon. Just the way Castiel likes it.
“You said not to touch you before. But can I touch you now? Do you want to be touched right now?”
“Dean?” Castiel can hardly speak.
Dean hugs Cas and Cas hugs Dean back. Tightly.
Dean smiles. “Well, I’m…I’m glad you’re here.”
“I could choose the movie if you’d like me to. Could you hold this?” Cas holds the pizza out. “It’s your favorite.”
know Dean from the future, then Dean probably cooks Cas cheeseburgers all the time. Maybe that’s why Cas was looking at the burgers he ate like they were the answer to all of life’s problems.
“That’s easy. Pie. You?”
happen, Cas. And they happen because
Dean really hopes Cas isn’t trying to say anything to him because he can’t hear over the roaring that’s happening in his brain right now.
“How do you feel about restaurants?” Dean asks.
Dean smirks and says, “Don’t worry about it.”
Sammy hangs up.
It has been ten days since Dean had that conversation with Cas about the apartment and their mutual fears and somehow, all Dean can see is up. He feels like he’s flying. Everything is on fire in relation to school and work, but things with Cas? Everything’s awesome. Dean just…he feels so hopeful for them now. He’s not even sure why. Maybe it’s because they seem to not be total shit in the communication department? At least so far?
Dean smiles a small smile and boops Castiel on the nose with his index finger.
He shoves Castiel. Hard. And Castiel must’ve lost consciousness because the next thing he knows, he’s in a field, lying on his back between Dean and Jack. There are colorful wildflowers all around them. The sun shines brightly on Castiel’s face. There are puffy white clouds in the sky and birds fly overhead, singing happily in the sunshine.
December 26, 2001
. I thought one of the major decrees in the Bible was to be kind to others—to treat people the way you want to be treated. Why would you take us in only to mistreat us? Surely you would not wish for such cruel treatment for yourself, so why would you do that to us? I just…I don’t
But for now, he’s happy getting lost in how easy this seems.
The only thing Dean’s ever been careless with is his heart. He finds himself caring about people very quickly. He may not trust them right away, but people get to him fast. Dean knew Charlie would be someone he cared for deeply within a week of knowing her. She was funny and kind and geeky, and she never stopped talking which was pretty much everything Dean looked for in a best friend at the time. Charlie has since taken delight in the fact that Dean now never shuts the fuck up either. She has literally told Dean that to his face and then gave him a hug and told him she loved him. Dean may have cried. That was right before Charlie left for Spring Break their freshman year and she told him to keep in touch. She sent pictures of her Rey Funko Pop! figurine in all the places Charlie went: the mall, the beach, the roof of her grandmother’s house. Dean’s so glad Charlie was his roommate freshman year. He has no idea what he would’ve done without her.
“What did you do to him?” Dean demands. His voice is laced with concern.
Crowley fixes Cas’s tie.
Dean’s mouth goes dry and his heart speeds up.
Cas would like this kid.
Castiel laughs so hard it’s difficult to breathe and Dean stops tickling him.
Dean flips him off and runs to Cas. He can hear Sam laughing at him.
Dean opens up the gift and smiles. “Thanks for the bracelet, Cas.” Dean says.
sometimes and has spent the past three years making sure that Dean knows that she and her parents love him. Dean loves her for it. College has allowed Dean to gain two really wonderful siblings: first Charlie, then Jo.
“What happened?”
be pretty terrible if you were bad with kids while having that job. The good news is, you’re amazing with children and half of them will think you’re the coolest person ever.”
Castiel tilts his head to the side and Dean realizes he hasn’t said anything.
“I’m not against it. I just find the notion…strange. Angels are warriors of Heaven. They don’t typically look so well put-together as this beautiful doll.”
Dean shakes his head and can’t help but laugh again. Dean loves Cas so much. Just…just so much.
And Dean is…Dean is falling.
Dean’s trying not to panic. Cas could have not responded for any number of reasons. He might not have seen the message. He might want to respond in the morning. He might have seen the message, opened it, read it, started to reply but then had to go to the bathroom and left to do that but then
“I can fix that. Hey Garth, let’s go sit at a table over there and watch Dean where he can’t see us.” Benny says.
“The pie,” Dean says around a mouthful of food.
“You haven’t dated anyone in two years.”
. Dean’s
They stay like this for a while: sprawled out on the bed, hugging each other.
“Don’t you think
“Nice meeting you as well!” Jack grins at Cas.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean says.
be from the future, Cas’s eyes will light up and he’ll get that hopeful look he gets at the thought of going home to Dean of 2021, their son Jack, and Sammy of 2021.
These are exactly what I needed!” Sammy exclaims through a mouthful of pancake.
“Surprisingly, yeah. I really am. I feel like a weight has been lifted. The funeral is over, I don’t have to wonder about my mom anymore—I have my answers about her now—and I might get to have a little brother after-all. And…my feelings about my dad are always going to be complicated and riddled in guilt and doubt and pain, so that’s not really anything new, so I’m,” Dean sighs, “I guess I’m just really glad that the funeral is over, and all that gladness has overflowed inside of me and turned into happiness. I feel
the child.”
“You look so good today. So cute.” Dean says.
of always being scared of everything that can go wrong in his life. To be fair, a lot of shit has gone wrong in his life. But that’s not an excuse to spend all his time dwelling on all the horrible shit that can happen.
It’s knowing that he has found a family in Bobby and Ellen and Charlie (who has left Dean five texts that he needs to answer) and Benny (who has sent three texts) and Garth (who left a voice-mail) and Jo and Cas. They’re his family. No matter what happens in the next few days, Dean knows he has a family. He knows they want to take care of him…it’s just
Dean feels like he’s underwater. Did he really just…did his dad really request that Dean come to this funeral just so he could kick him in the gut one more time?
“So, what are things that make you happy?” Cas asks.
The class is downstairs near the pool in a large room. Cas sets up and starts the class with some warm-ups: jogging, stretching, jumping jacks, and Cas teaches two dance moves. Then Cas puts on “Let It Roll” by Flo Rida and starts a routine that involves dancing and sprinting. Dean likes sprinting. A lot.
“This is the best blanket I have ever seen.” Castiel says.
“Are you feeling better?” Castiel asks.
“Yes, it is. And I mistakenly assumed the popcorn setting couldn’t be evil on
“Let’s go get some food. Jack was very excited to cut the bread. Let’s see how he did.” Castiel signs.
That’s why Cas stays in 2014.
Twenty minutes later, Dean, Charlie, and Cas are wearing matching LDOC t-shirts. This year’s is lime green.
him that before. “Yeah,” Dean replies.
Dean needs to think about something else. Anything else.
“I’m going to need to talk to my brother, Gabriel. He can help.” Cas jumps out of bed and goes for his laptop. “At least we’ve been talking frequently anyway. Father will surely cut everything else off soon, so I need to be quick.”
“I’m sorry. I should’ve asked you to stay. But, you gotta know, we need you.
“I can never return to the Garden.” Tears spill down Cas’s face.
“I’m fine.” Dean lies. “You’re good to go.”
“Are you okay back there?” Castiel asks.
“No,” Dean laughs awkwardly and scratches the back of his neck. “I’m not really a universe kind of guy.”
No way.
to use their dark gifts on him too?
Nothing has changed. Castiel is still himself. He still feels the same way about his family and friends. He still likes the same things he did when he was an angel. He still has the same habits: sitting quietly on the roof, going for walks, sitting in nature, observing the world around him, and he still loves going for drives with Dean in the Impala. He still finds himself fixated on bees and flowers and he has started a garden and it is lovely. He’s the same as he was before. He just does unfortunate human things like cry and fart and urinate and brush his teeth and change his clothes and comb his hair. And he hates doing all of those things. They’re unseemly. And time-consuming. Castiel doesn’t even have anything of import to do these days, but he loathes spending the limited time his human body has left doing annoying tasks like changing his clothes. He can’t just wear his trench-coat and suit all the time anymore because they start to smell after a few days. The human body is so inconvenient.
“I know about the supernatural; okay? You don’t need to give me
Castiel smiles. “This is really good, Dean.”
“No thanks,” Dean says on impulse.
Castiel exclaims as his face heats up.
Castiel laughs through his tears.
“What did you think I was gonna do, Cas?” Dean’s afraid to ask.
He takes a step back and stares at his father who’s staring at him slack-jawed. Castiel blinks. He cannot believe he did that.
“So, why do you look like that?” Dean gestures to Castiel.
“We tried that like five years ago; remember? And we both ended up doing the job we don’t do right as a favor to the other which drove the other up the wall a little bit.”
Dean walks out of the bathroom. “My bed is the one by the door. You can take the one I thought my dad would use. He never slept in it.” Dean says.
“No…not…not him.” Dean mumbles.
“Cas, hey, you’re safe here. Just, just breathe, Cas.” Dean takes an exaggerated breath and motions with the movements of his breath. “In,”
“Oh, same.”
Ellen goes to the bookshelf and pulls a book off the shelf. “Here,” Ellen hands it to Dean. “We’re reading this one next for our poetry class.”
“Hello Dean,” Castiel says.
Then a tall kid with shaggy brown hair walks over. “Mom? Are you okay?” the kid asks.
Dean wakes up the next morning. He’s lying on the floor of the living room in his and Cas’s house. He’s holding Cas close, and he can feel Cas stirring in his arms.
Dean is so beautiful.
get through it. You will make it to the end. If there is one Christmas present that I can give you, it is that promise.” Cas says in the most serious tone Dean has ever heard. Dean barely knows the guy, but he
And that’s not all that has changed. Dean is more open now. More obviously trying to show affection. He makes Castiel coffee every morning, green tea at midmorning, and some sort of berry decaffeinated tea in the evening. Dean also brings Castiel flowers any time he goes to the store without him.
They get to the shelter and Dean grabs the small cat carrier he and Jack bought when they went to the mall. Then Dean walks straight to the counter where the worker he bribed to hold one of the kittens is working. “Still got her?” Dean asks.
Gabriel would read any message that Castiel sent him at two in the morning. Castiel opens the message and reads.
“I don’t know. Maybe
Dean wakes up to feel Cas putting a blanket over him. Dean decides to take advantage of the situation and buries his face into Cas’s neck, snuggling closer to his best friend. Cas freezes for a moment and then he wraps his arms around Dean. This is the best feeling in the world. Dean hopes he will get more of this when he eventually tells Cas that he loves him. That he has been in love with him for years. That it doesn’t matter where he goes, Cas is his true home in a way that not even the bunker or Baby could ever be.
Castiel feels a rush of adrenaline and he jumps to his feet. “I could say the same to you. You
“What the hell happened?” Dean asks.
Well, Dean
Dean chuckles as he signs.
“Oh,” Cas whispers before holding Dean closer.
Thank you all so much for reading!! Writing this fic just wouldn't have been the same without the support of all of you lovely people, so thank you all!!:D
Dean catches him.
“But we couldn’t quite refrain from providing some books to go on one shelf because I am an English professor and Dean is a librarian.” Castiel jokes.
“I’m glad I have your permission,” Rowena quips.
Castiel has to look away from Dean. “Thank you,” Castiel says.
The tiniest smile lights Cas’s face for just a moment. Then it disappears.
“Everything is delicious. The cheeseburgers are
“Yeah,” Jack grins.
reassure you that you will not be lonely forever.” Cas continues in a steady voice. “You just have to open yourself up to the possibility that what I’m telling you is real.”
“Yeah, I bet you like meet-uglies.” Sammy smirks.
It’s now that he realizes that he’s so close to the bathroom that he can hear Cas singing in the shower. He’s singing “Come And Get Your Love” by Redbone.
Cas stands up and takes one look at Dean. Then he hugs him.
Bobby hugs Dean back.
Castiel feels a chill run up his spine. It’s a good feeling.
“The first time we met? Before now?”
“I like the idea of sleeping in your dorm with you, but not tonight. I’m too tired and sleeping in the same bed as you would be too exciting, and I’m not sure I would actually get any sleep.” Cas says. “Another time though.”
Castiel pulls Dean close, careful not to squeeze too tightly or jolt him, and rests his face against Dean’s shoulder. “Is this okay?” Castiel asks.
Castiel looks at Meg.
Then there’s light. It fills the…well, the empty all around Castiel.
When Dean’s done, he hangs the trench-coat up over the tub. Then he walks into the living space to find Cas sitting on his bed, cradling Dean’s Walkman in his hands like it’s something precious. His eyes are closed, he’s got the headphones on, and he’s mouthing the words to one of the tapes.
Except for “Angel” by Judas Priest. Dean skipped that one as soon as the first three notes played. The song that plays afterwards is “Royals” by Lorde. Dean grits his teeth but lets it play.
Dean takes a deep breath and goes into the closet to retrieve the suit Bobby let him borrow. According to Bobby, the suit is from Bobby’s “from his younger days” and Dean’s surprised to see how little Bobby’s sense of style has changed over the years. This looks exactly like something Bobby would wear to class now.
After a few moments, Ellen says, “I would take this from you if I could.”
Back in the car, Dean tries to think of something to say. He should have questions but right now, his mind is settling on confusion. Today sucked. Then Cas came and the evening became…weird.
Cas’s cheeks turn a little red. “I wanted better light to watch you sleep.”
Cas catches Dean. “Dean?” Cas asks. His voice is laced with worry. “Dean? Say something, please.”
“Thank you,” Cas wipes his face on his sleeve and takes the tie from Crowley. Cas’s hands shake as he tries to tie it. He keeps messing it up.
“Dean?” Cas whispers.
“Yeah, Cas?” Dean replies.
Dean walks over and gently shakes Cas’s shoulder. “Hey, let’s get you in some pj’s. You’ll be more comfortable.”
That’s not true either. Dean shakes his head. Everything he does just
Eileen signs.
An hour later, Castiel finds himself lying on the floor of a kitchen covered in cookie ingredients. It’s his fault really. He turned on the mixer without securing some part of it. He does not entirely understand what he was supposed to do with the mixer. Anyway, Castiel starts the mixer and batter flies through the air.
“Isn’t it nice getting to say that?” Crowley asks. “My boyfriend?”
“Yup,” Dean says. Then he pukes.
On the way, Castiel remembers a gift for today. “I will be right back. Okay?” Castiel says.
Cas nods and staggers off the bed.
“And this is my son, Dean.” Mom puts her hands on Dean’s shoulder and guides him to stand in front of her.
Dean sits up and looks at the clock on the bedside-table. It’s 1:32PM. Okay, so they didn’t sleep the whole day away. That’s good.
“Pop mostly.”
Dean reliable?
“Love you too.” Bobby replies. “Be careful out there!”
Cas looks disappointed, but nods and says, “Yes.”
Dean looks at Cas who’s currently wearing Dean’s leather jacket, Dean’s Led Zeppelin t-shirt, Cas’s ripped up black jeans, and Cas’s bumblebee Converse. Dean likes this look a little too much.
They live in Williamsburg only a few minutes’ walk from the Williamsburg Central Library where Dean works and a fifteen-minute walk from the Barnes and Noble where Dean and Castiel ran into each other that fateful day in 2021. Castiel loves that Barnes and Noble.
“No, but I am wearing clothes.” Castiel replies.
“I do. Now get in here, asshole.” Meg puts her arm out for Crowley to join the hug.
Castiel’s standing near the sink in Dean’s room, looking at his phone. He has three missed calls and a text message from his father. It’s from over an hour ago. Great.
“Of course, now that you’re both here, you can put the books wherever you want. You could clear the shelf and put the books in the closet if you so choose; they are yours.” Castiel points out.
And now she’s calling Castiel while she’s upset.
Cas nods and says, “You do seem the type.”
Dean glances at Sammy who’s staring at him with his patent the-puppy-wanted-to-play-and-did-not-mean-to-nip look. This has happened a few times. It’s not Sammy’s fault that their mom decided she was better off without Dean and chose to raise Sammy instead. It’s not Dean’s fault hearing about his mom hurts. It’s not Sammy’s fault that he wants to share pieces of his childhood with the people he loves. He’s allowed to do that.
Charlie also asks about how Castiel’s doing with the situation with his father—Castiel told Charlie pieces of the unfortunate realities of his homelife during their weekly dinners—and Castiel doesn’t know what to tell Charlie or Meg or Crowley when they send texts to check on Castiel because his father has gone silent. Which is confusing. Castiel’s phone has not been abruptly turned off, so that means he hasn’t cut Castiel off yet, but something terrible
Dean opens the box slowly. “Oh, wow. Thanks Cas.” Dean says as he pulls out new green oven mitts, a new set of measuring cups and spoon, and a cooking apron.
“Why are there so many movies about Santa Claus?”
Dean feels a twinge of jealousy. These two have already figured this shit out. They have each other and everything’s sunshine and unicorns shitting out rainbows. Well…probably not. Dean
Not Dean and Cas. They ducked out early because Cas mentioned being in the mood for a drama or a rom-com. So, now Dean and Cas are in Dean’s room on Dean’s bed, sharing popcorn, Cas’s quesadillas, and brownies that Dean made for everyone but snagged when they left. (There are still plenty of other treats for the rest of the family in the living room.)
“I have pj’s in the top drawer,” Dean points at the dresser. “If you want to change into something comfier.”
Dean struggles to open his eyes, but when he opens them, he sees Cas at his side. He’s staring at Dean with wide eyes. There’s a hand on his shoulder right where Cas’s handprint used to be…where Cas gripped him tight and raised him from perdition all those years ago.
Dean looks at Cas who’s frowning with his head tilted to the side. As much as Dean loves Cas’s thinking face, he can’t focus on anything except the stuttering and loud beat of his own heart over the prospect of maybe living with Cas next year. Dean could get Cas that cat he wants to get him…it would be a perfect birthday present. But…Dean doesn’t need to live in an apartment with Cas to get Cas a cat. Cas just needs to live in an apartment.
sure.
“Thanks,” Dean looks away.
Castiel watches the dots move and then disappear. Then move again. Then disappear. Then Dean starts sending messages.
“No.”
Dean wakes up in Cas’s arms. Shame wells up inside him as he remembers how he was so desperate for comfort that he shoved his face into the other man’s chest. He just doesn’t want his one friend to die. Or leave him forever like he wants to. Assuming that everything that Cas said is true, 2008 Cas will not be 2021 Cas. Just like he is not 2021 Dean. It won’t be the same.
“Home,” Cas sighs. “I wanna go home.”
“It’s not your fault, Sam. And at least Cas was able to help even if he was only there for a short while.”
“That makes sense.” Dean replies.
“Maybe,”
“As the peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.”
“No. Not anymore.” Cas shakes his head. “I don’t have powers. I’m not an angel. Nobody needs me.”
“You always seem to like soft things.”
Cas flinches and Dean feels cold.
Dean grins and sends Charlie the middle finger emoji.
Charlie nudges Dean’s shoulder. “That’s him, isn’t it?”
in you?
They walk into the gym and ask if there are any classes taking place soon. They’re in luck. One class is about to start in ten minutes, so they sign up for it. It’s called “Dancing Badly.” Charlie’s excited. Dean is too. Dancing is fun.
Because he was being a dick.
“I’ll just have to make sure I’m waking up right beside you. Every day until you get tired of me.” Cas says in the same sincere way he’d offered to watch over Dean while he slept all those years ago.
Dean somehow manages to grab Cas’s hand. “No. Not yet.”
Cas is here. Where’s Sammy?
Cas grins as tears spill down his face.
want from him? Dean doesn’t exactly have a lot to offer anyone. He can only offer pieces of himself to his friends. He can only offer his words to Ellen and Bobby and he sprinkles in some pieces of himself for them too. Does Cas want a piece of Dean? Which pieces would he accept?
“I mean, not really.” Dean scratches the back of his neck. “You’re my mom’s yoga instructor so you were always gonna get the friends and family discount.”
Castiel lets himself cry for a long time.
Trigger warning: foul language (blame Dean)
“We have coffee here.”
“Meg.”
Dean smiles. “I guess we’re in agreement then.”
“Okay, can you sit on the edge of the tub? I can use the showerhead to make it easier so you’re not sticking your head under the sink and craning your neck. Okay?” Dean’s voice is soft, like they’re doing something secretive. Like Dean’s doing something wrong…like he’s afraid of being caught.
Why didn’t Benny mention this?
the one who got stabbed in the back with an angel blade.
Cas chuckles. “You kind of are too, and I love you for it as well.”
Dean rolls his eyes, but he can’t help but laugh. “I’m trying to be romantic here.”
“What?” Dean asks.
“Stay right there,” Dean says. Then he pulls his phone out of his pocket. Someone speaks on the other line and Dean straightens like a soldier standing at attention.
Could he really be dead?
Truly. He had not intended to say it.
, Cas. And I don’t think it will last, so I’m just trying to enjoy it before I crash; you know?”
and Dean and Cas are getting ready to go bowling with their friends.
Dean’s left unsure
Castiel picks up the pace. “Dean!” He yells. His eyes fill with tears of relief. He will be saved. Dean will save him. Again…he really
Jack signs.
“That’s good.”
Dean rolls his eyes at the nickname and walks in only to stop short when he finds Cas rummaging through his things. He’s moving frantically and throwing things around. Clothes are flung all over the floor and Cas is wearing his tan trench-coat.
Castiel smiles. He’s touched by Dean’s thoughtfulness. “Has anyone told you that you’re a sweet person, Dean?”
Cas: I like all the lights everyone puts up. And the peppermint drinks.
“You’re gonna be okay. Whatever it is will be okay.” Dean says.
“What did you do to him?” Jack screams.
Castiel smiles at Dean and says, “Milton.”
Castiel nods. A lot of people here just cross the street without looking first. Meg has gotten into several verbal altercations with people who darted out in front of her car.
Castiel wakes up with a migraine. His ears ring and he sees an aura. This is unusual. In all of his existence, he has only experienced one migraine and that was when he was human.
Castiel shakes it with his free hand. “Deal.”
February 15
“Oh. That sucks. I mean, cool that we’re neighbors now, but that sucks that you had a bad roommate situation.”
“I’m okay.” Castiel sniffles and swipes at his eyes.
“Yes, but I’d rather not do that tonight.”
“Cas,” Dean’s voice breaks and he lets out a small sob, followed by another, and another.
him. Dean’s not sure why Cas picked Dean but he’s so glad that he did. “I love you.” Dean says as he pulls away.
Cas doesn’t say anything.
Castiel makes a silly face at his phone and takes a selfie. He sends it to Dean.
“Okay, Cas.” Dean smiles. “I wanna give you yours too.”
scream in his presence.
like walking down the Duke of Gloucester street. People always walk their dogs which is fun to see. Avoiding the horse droppings is not very fun and Castiel tends to trip over the cobblestone paths, but it’s worth it for the dogs…and the time to be spent with Dean. Besides, Castiel has never been one to say no to coffee.
“If you say so, Dean.” Cas sounds resigned.
Then he sends Dean a text.
Castiel is touched and shocked by Dean’s words. He is unsure what to say. “Thank you, Dean. I…I do not know what to say.”
Dean chuckles. Then he says, “Okay. Ready.”
They get ready for bed and Castiel finds himself lying in bed face-to-face with the Dean of 2001. It’s dark and Castiel cannot see Dean’s face, but he can feel his breath. Castiel does not think Dean intended to get this close and he does not want to make him uncomfortable by pointing it out. They chat for a few moments and then fall into a comfortable silence as they wait. Well…until the silence is no longer comfortable because Castiel’s conscience is eating away at him. He needs to say something to Dean. He’s not sure if it’s appropriate, but he needs to say it anyway. It feels like the words may burst out of his chest unprompted if he does not act now.
“I mean,
Everyone sits down to eat dinner and Castiel smiles at his family. Dean and Sam are competing to see who can stick the most deviled eggs in their mouths. Sam nearly chokes. Castiel and Eileen exchange eye-rolls. Jack of course looks delighted.
Dean opens the door to see Castiel, so-called ex-angel of the lord, sitting on the edge of the tub with his hand pressed against the back of his head. There are drops of blood on his tan trench-coat.
happen.” Dean offers Cas his hand.
.” Cas collapses into Dean. “I want to
Cas smiles.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Your trench-coat has blood on it, we could get you a new coat if you want.”
“Hey Cas? You with me?” Dean asks.
Cas looks at Dean with an expression that’s somehow a mixture of softness and intensity. Cas pulls his hands out of Dean’s grasp, then he reaches out and gently takes Dean’s face in his hands. Cas’s hands are warm and soft…just like always…the gesture still takes Dean’s breath away.
“What are the songs, Cas?” Dean asks trying to sound like a normal person asking a normal question. His hands are sweating and suddenly it feels very hot in here.
Dean: I like lilies.
“Are you okay?”
DEAN: Sorry, Jack. I thought they’d be out tonight.
“Goodnight Dean,” Cas says.
“I think I’ll just take both.” Castiel shrugs and starts pulling things out of his bag.
“You deserve gifts on your birthday.” Charlie hugs Dean tighter. She pulls away and grins. “So, tell me more about that guy you mentioned.”
“This is amazing.” Castiel says.
That’s not true. They get into spats from time to time, but it’s small stuff usually and they seem to work their shit out by talking to each other. They get mad, take the time to cool off before actually saying anything, then they meet up and talk about their problems. That seems…healthy.
; can he?
“All I Want For Christmas Is You” by Mariah Carrey starts to play.
He should probably get out of here, but he doesn’t want to. He owes it to himself to stick this out. And…and maybe he owes it to his dad too. He was his dad after all.
business.
Cas yawns. “The only other time I’ve slept in a bed with someone as a human was with April.”
And Dean is holding out his arms, gazing at him with, dare Castiel even think it, adoration, love, hope.
They put the rings on each other. Then they take several pictures and send them to the group chat with all their friends; Jo, Sam and Gabriel were added onto that group-chat eight years ago.
should be ashamed?
hit it off. Jody’s one of Cas’s fellow English professors from William and Mary and Donna’s the head librarian at the Williamsburg Regional Library where Dean works. Dean smiles. All their favorite people are here. And now they’re going to be subjected to Sammy telling them everyone about Dean’s and Cas’s gooey text messages from over the years. Sammy just mentioned one of Dean’s from September of 2023. It was after Dean got the flu and Cas took care of him. He’s pretty sure he was high on medication when he sent Sammy that text about how sweet and caring and handsome Cas was.
idea.”
“You’re making this a little weird, Cas.” Dean says.
Everything is so damn hard.
Castiel’s phone buzzes. Shit.
Castiel feels a wave of exhaustion crash into him. It shakes him to his very core, and he feels as though he is swaying on a boat at sea in the middle of a storm.
Which really sucks because Dean
Dean puts his hands up and takes a step back.
“How dare you?” Charlie and Dean say at the same time.
“He does,” Castiel whispers.
“Yeah,” Castiel smiles.
“Yeah?” Dean asks.
Dean turns and sees Cas get up from where he was sitting and walk over to him. Dean rushes to him and hugs him. Tightly.
“Jack,” Castiel grabs his son and hugs him tightly.
“It seems appropriate now to point out how tired you look and how kind you are for coming in here to check on me. You probably did not plan to spend this long in the kitchen tonight. I’m assuming you wanted a quick snack, and you were going to go back to bed afterwards; am I right?”
covered in Christmas shit. Dean is so sick of it. It’s already January 9
tough as nails and Castiel would hate to be her enemy, but she is also very tender with her friends.
He looks at Eileen.
until Dean and Benny have to head to the library at 7PM.
Castiel shakes Dean’s shoulder. “Dean?” Castiel asks.
Dean smiles. He has created a booping monster. It’s cute though.
Patricia smiles and says, “Coming right up.” Then Patricia walks away.
“I like rom-coms, so I’m reading this book called
“Bye, Castiel,” Dean says. For some reason, he can’t help but feel disappointed as he watches Castiel go down the escalator.
Dean Winchester is quite possibly the most ridiculous human Castiel has ever met. He is also surprisingly sweet. These cat pajamas are the most wonderful pajamas Castiel has ever seen in his long, long life.
Crowley comes in at 4:12PM with ice cream. “Sorry I’m late. Someone tried to hit me with their car.” He says.
Dean dries his face on his shirt and crawls back in bed. He’s tired and he doesn’t care if they sleep the rest of the day away. He needs to stop thinking for five minutes.
television special. Castiel finds himself relating to Hermey, the misfit elf who wishes to become a dentist. That was essentially Castiel’s experience being in garrison after garrison…at least from what he can remember. It’s hard to put everything together after his memories have been so scattered. He just remembers a feeling of being on the outside. He was never a good enough angel. He was never a good enough anything until he met Dean Winchester…the Righteous Man. Castiel would have done anything for him. And the feeling scared him. Because Dean made him feel more than he had felt in his nearly infinite existence. Castiel was meant to serve Heaven and Heaven alone but the second he met Dean, that all fell to the wayside.
“I know, you’re safe now. Let it out. It’s okay.” Dean whispers, allowing his own tears to spill down his face.
, I hope Father hasn’t tapped our phones.” Castiel presses his fingers against the bridge of his nose and sighs, “He’s my boyfriend. And his dad died, and they had a complicated relationship—and by complicated, I mean his dad was an abusive piece of shit—and—and—and his best friend, Charlie, she called me while I was at Father’s estate.” Castiel feels like his heart is going to burst out of his chest as he tries to get all the words out. “And I answered the phone at the dinner table and then I left. I got on a plane and now I’m in Williamsburg and Dean and I are about to travel to Kansas for the funeral and I’m worried Father might cut off my funds, so I was wondering if you could,” Castiel’s voice catches. “Could you please lend me some money for the trip? I’m so sorry for not contacting you without needing something. It will not happen again. I’m just pressed for time right now.” Castiel feels tears sting his eyes. “I’m sorry, Gabriel.”
Dean tries to focus on Cas even though he kind of wants to tell Crowley to go fuck himself.
Cas disengages the fire-alarm.
“I don’t make him. He wants to do it. He likes cooking.”
“What makes you happy? Aside from Baby and music.”
happens. The dude just pulls the knife out of his own chest.
by Ibi Zoboi.
So yeah, their feet are touching.
“Yeah, good thing,” Dean continues to laugh as he laces their fingers.
Cas takes in a short breath and whispers, “This one is good.”
“Yeah, why are you two plotting against me?” Dean asks.
Then Dean met Ellen during office hours with Bobby. She’s the one who asked when Dean was going home for Thanksgiving Break and when Dean froze, she’s the one who invited them to their place to spend Thanksgiving with them and their daughter, Jo. Jo’s the best. She was a senior in high school then and now she’s an Engineering major at Virginia Tech.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean says.
“Yeah, and we’ve only known the guy for like, two years, man.” Sam replies.
The second Cas’s finger touches the tip of Dean’s nose, Dean feels as if all his anxieties ease (or at least they calm the hell down for just a moment) and Dean smiles.
“I should learn more Queen.” Cas says before kissing Dean back. “If this is how you’re going to react.” Cas gently takes Dean’s face in his hands and kisses Dean again. “I love you too by the way.” Cas kisses Dean again. “But I imagine my feelings for you are completely transparent at this point.”
“Not yet. We’re just excited about being engaged.”
“They love you, dumbass. It’s probably really hard to accept that because of your dad, but you’re worth loving. Just let it happen.” Benny claps Dean on the shoulder.
such a person to Dean already considering all the times Castiel has died or gone on missions away from Dean, but still. He is not purposely leaving with the intent of leaving Dean forever. Castiel’s plan is to leave twenty-two-year-old-Dean forever so he can go back to forty-two-year-old-Dean. He misses the Dean of 2021 so much that his entire body
,” Dean gives Cas’s hand a little squeeze hoping that he can show Cas his feelings through the action because he’s struggling to put his feelings into words. “And I just…Cas, I’m so happy.” Dean feels like a weight has been lifted as soon as he says it.
“Castiel,” Castiel replies.
“Yes,” Castiel says.
“Dean, I,”
“I would too.” Cas says immediately. He takes a step closer to Dean.
“I’m quite nervous. How are you feeling right now?” Castiel asks as Dean pulls into the parking lot.
“This is delicious.” Castiel finally says.
“I think I like “Let It Go” the best.” Dean replies. “You?”
Castiel smiles when he reads Jack’s message. Good boy.
Cas tilts his head to the side. “Why is that fun? It’s a fight.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, desperately hoping he doesn’t smell.
Trigger warnings: references to child abuse, foul language
“What did you do? Did you make a deal?”
Cas beams at Dean. The guy looks so friggin’ happy just because Dean thanked him. Dean has to look away again. He gets a plate and puts some food on it. Cas does the same.
Dean breathes in the night air and studies the sky as he walks around the Sunken Garden. The moon is big and bright tonight. Dean walks through the grass and stops when he sees someone running towards him. As the figure comes closer, Dean realizes it’s a nearly naked person. They’re probably doing the Tri-Athlon. It’s a tradition here that involves nakedness in three important spots around campus. Dean does not plan to do it, but his friend, Benny, did it last year. Only he did it in the spring when it wasn’t freezing outside.
“We actually had a conversation about that recently.”
“I have no idea. And I
Stay safe, friends!
am.” Cas smirks.
“Maybe not as much as I love you though.”
“They’re good kids.” Bobby says. “You should bring them around more.”
None of that pep-talk stops Castiel from running to the other side of the room as soon as his phone beeps though.
it was a stupid peppermint drink.
Dean-Probably burgers?
“And what?”
and runs away from the squirrel yelling, “Oh shit!”
Of course.
There’s a flutter of wings and Castiel sees Naomi standing over him.
Cas blinks and looks at Dean.
“It was because there was a chip in the other one; huh?” Cas asks.
How dare he? Castiel chuckles bitterly at the thought. How fucking dare Castiel not slaughter every piece of himself for his father? What a truly heinous person Castiel is for not doing that.
Cas looks through the photo-album and puts his hand over his mouth. “This is,” Cas flips to a new page. This page has several pictures of Dean and Cas. Some are old. Some were taken as recently as this morning. “How? This was yesterday.” Cas points. “And this was right after the squirrel—Jack took that one.”
“And he wanted to be by your side too?” Dean’s so quiet that Castiel barely hears him.
“You two always talk about being together forever.”
(2009)
They walk to Castiel’s room. Dean stops by his own room on the way. It warms Castiel’s heart that Dean decided to give Castiel gifts too. Castiel did not expect this; he just wanted to do something nice for Dean. It’s sweet that Dean decided to do something nice for him in return.
It might just be the lack of sleep, but Dean feels as if he is glowing with love for his husband, his
to watch the sunrise. He ends up watching Cas instead. He hasn’t really gotten a good look at the guy. He looks a lot older than Dean and if he really
“You didn’t need to get anything,” Castiel says.
“Finally?” Castiel hugs his friend back.
Cas: Please forgive me if this seems untoward, but Crowley has dibs on the room today and I was going to go to the library and do homework, but I can’t stop thinking about you, so I was hoping to listen to music in your dorm. I understand that it is weird that I invited myself over, so please feel free to suggest an alternate location if you don’t want to hang out in your room.
. Castiel doesn’t really care about scary movies, so he’s finishing up the snacks in the kitchen.
I hope you all like it!!:D
“Professors Singer and Singer.”
Castiel tries to take notes during class, but doesn’t process one word of their professor’s lecture. All he can think about is Dean calling him cute, turning bright red, and practically running out of the room.
up? What’s Castiel doing that is of interest? He has spent the past five minutes waiting for his phone to make noise indicating that Dean has replied to his text. Prior to that, he had an 8am class and then taught a 9:30am class at the Rec and then spent an hour trying to figure out how to start a conversation with Dean.
“I don’t want everything or a promise of anything, Dean. I just want you.”
“Just leave it here. He wasn’t gonna come back for it anyway.” Dean picks up his bags and heads for the door. He opens the door and lets Cas pass through it first. Then he takes one last look, turns out the lights, and closes the door.
Dean had
“Holy shit you guys!” Charlie yells when she sees them. She immediately starts running towards them and launches herself at Dean who catches her and does that little spin they always do. Everyone else walks over.
“Oh, I love this song.” Dean says, turning the music up.
“Time to go!” Jack shouts. He grabs Castiel’s and Dean’s hands.
February 1
“All right, let’s get to that gift.” Dean gets up and goes into his closet and grabs the gift. Then he hands it to Cas and says, “Okay. I know that this is a kids’ book, but I flipped through it and I thought you might like it for the cute bee illustrations.”
“Okay,” Dean says.
What the fuck?
“See ya, Cas.” Dean says.
Castiel feels something flutter in his chest and he smiles at Dean. He is not entirely sure what is so funny, but Dean is doing that laugh that he does with his whole body and it is Castiel’s favorite thing to see, so Castiel smiles.
Castiel’s eyelids feel heavy and a yawn bursts through him.
It’s Castiel.
“I don’t know. To make it more interesting? This is really old.”
The mouth-full-of-burger look is not Dean’s most attractive look, but Dean’s concern warms Castiel all the same. And despite the gross food-habit, Dean is still beautiful. And Castiel’s mind shoots towards the future and how years from now, should Dean ask Castiel if he still thinks he’s beautiful, Castiel will tell him that, he is because growing old does not make someone un-beautiful and even if it did, Dean would still be beautiful for the simple fact that he is Dean Winchester, therefore he is beautiful.
Cas plays his next song. It’s a dance song that Dean vaguely recognizes from Cas’s class.
Cas stands up and reaches out a hand to Dean. Dean puts his backpack on and then takes Cas’s hand. Dean takes a step forward before he remembers. He grabs the piece of paper that has all his fears on it from where it had fallen onto the ground. Then he rips it up and puts the pieces in his backpack.
Ordinarily, Dean wouldn’t refer to professors that he respects by their first names, but Dean sees Ellen as family and Ellen has specifically told Dean to call her Ellen. Ellen has a good heart and she and her husband, Bobby, have been looking out for Dean since freshman year when Dean took Interpreting Literature with Bobby and Dean just couldn’t stop coming to Bobby’s office hours. Bobby just…he seemed
“Yes, I was.” Cas makes his way towards Dean. “But then I…annoyed an ancient cosmic being so much that he sent me back.”
Dean looks at Cas and Cas shrugs.
Dean chuckles. “That’s all that matters then, isn’t it?”
know that being human sucks.”
“Wow. So, future me is stupid.” Dean says.
Castiel go to his father’s funeral?
Unfortunately, Castiel is quite familiar with this feeling.
“We’re gonna be good.”
Everyone goes back inside. They’re all lightly coated in snow.
Castiel walks back to his dorm after his Dancing Badly class at the Rec. He still can’t believe Dean and his friend were in that class. Castiel likes Charlie, but their introduction was a little…awkward at first. Charlie left in a fit of giggles at the beginning of the class. Charlie also mentioned that Dean had talked about Castiel. He’s not sure what that means.
Dean-I’m shit at planning things in advanced
“Okay, there’s no way we can do a scary movie marathon without including
Dean laughs and hugs Jo. He missed this little shit when she was at Tech.
“Three, two, one.” Dean puts his gift for Cas on the bed.
to want to be there. He wanted so badly to want to be there, but he missed Sam and Bobby and Cas. He wanted those members of his family back and Lisa and Ben couldn’t fill those holes in Dean’s life. It wasn’t fair of Dean to expect them to in the first place.
. I assume it means that I am broken because I have trouble following orders and have been known as a screw-up in Heaven for years.”
Dean looks away and swipes at his eyes.
Cas cries for a long time. Then he pulls away.
to have his father’s heinous rules control even more of his life than they already do. He has been trapped here since Friday and he has nearly reached his tipping point.
television specials.
Cas chuckles and hugs Dean back. “I wish we could just stay here like this.” Cas says.
Gabriel-What’s up little bro? Guess who just got disowned? Yours truly. So, I won’t be at the family get-together this week or any future family gatherings for obvious reasons. I’m also cut off from Daddy’s money, but jokes on him because what the rest of the family doesn’t know is that I won the lottery a few years back and I’m a multi-millionaire. That’s actually part of what sealed the deal for Pops. Not me being a millionaire. He probably would’ve liked that—not the lottery part though. No, it’s because I used some of my winnings to open up a candy store and Dad hates it. So, he cast me out. Because he’s an ass. Now, don’t you fret little bro, you’ve always been my favorite so if you ever need anything, just ask. Literally, fuck everyone but you Castiel. Stay strong. And don’t be such a stranger. I miss you, ya little shit.
Castiel hugs Dean.
“Tell me you didn’t make a bet about when Cas and I are getting married.”
“That was the cutest sound I’ve ever heard.” Castiel says, pulling Dean into his arms for a hug.
“He wanted to keep me safe.”
Dean pulls away, grabs his stuff, and puts his helmet on. Then he gets on his bike. “Love you, Bobby!” Dean says over his shoulder.
“I can’t, I can’t feel my grace.” Castiel whispers.
Dean puts on the oven-mitts. They’re red with green reindeer on them. He pulls the cookies out of the oven and places the cookie-sheet on the stovetop.
“Hello, Dean.” Castiel isn’t sure what else to say. His heart is racing and he’s sweating. Everywhere. “I’m back. Can I see you?”
Wait.
Dean has to look away. “Yeah; you too.” Dean says.
Dean nods. “Well…thanks.”
“Yeah. Sometimes literally both because feelings can be shit.” Garth says.
Dean saunters over and starts a conversation with the poker players. He has an easy-going smile on his face, but his shoulders are tense. Castiel quickly gathers the cash and stuffs it into his pockets. As soon as the money is secure, he stands.
Trigger warnings: poor mental health, child abuse, death of an abusive parent, homophobia, foul language
“Yes. Because that’s what you are. My son.”
Dean looks at him, surprised. Then he breaks into a grin and laughs too.
Eventually, everyone is tired, and they all say their goodnights.
It’s not appropriate. It’s not. But it gives Castiel the courage to say, “I’ll be there soon.”
the dearest heart. It’s a fitting nickname. And I know how much you love The Amazing Devil, so if it’s good enough for them then it’s good enough for me.”
Sam, Eileen, and Jack are already out there having a snowball fight.
Castiel nods.
Castiel lies there, thinking and holding Dean in his arms for a long time. When Dean wakes up, he looks right at Castiel and says, “Merry Christmas.”
“I’m good. Thanks though.” Jack replies.
Why can’t he just say it? Cas said it. Why can’t Dean?
Cas gestures to the space on the step beside Dean, “May I join you?”
“For what?” Castiel asks.
Castiel feels his whole body light up with rage. Dean is not supposed to have to take care of Castiel. “Don’t fucking touch me.” Castiel snaps.
yells out directions from the backseat? That can’t be Cas’s first introduction to driving. Dean can’t do shit about the rest of it right now, but he can do something about Cas’s first driving lesson. Anything’s better than that nightmare Dean just thought of.
“How?” Castiel signs.
“Please, she’s all of our kids.” Charlie says, standing on the other side of Dean.
Castiel cocks his head to the side. “How would that work?”
They buy coffees and walk around the campus.
“They want to steal his family’s stuff ‘cuz his parents are loaded, and Kevin’s parents do call the cops and they don’t do shit, so maybe that’s why Kevin didn’t call the cops.” Dean replies.
“I’m okay,” Castiel lies.
Now he’s an adult and after taking care of himself for years, it seems like he might have people to take care of him. It’s not fair. He wanted this when he was a kid. Now…now Dean doesn’t know how to accept it without feeling like a failure for daring to
won’t Dean take him on a hunt?
“Hello Dean.” Cas says. His breath is gross, but it’s Cas and Dean is just glad to have Cas this close to him. It’s a gift to have this dorky angel who wears a trench-coat every day this close to him. Stinky breath is a small price to pay to get to look into the eyes of the love of his life.
Castiel feels his heart skip a beat. This song is already so soft…so special. And now Dean is singing it at Castiel.
Castiel pulls away from Dean and looks around. He looks back at Dean. “Where’s Naomi?” he asks.
“I believe so.” Cas moves the gear shift into place. “If I do this and then put my foot on the gas, the car should start; yes?”
Now they’re all lying on the Sunken Garden again. They’re not supposed to be here because the place is roped off for some event, but rules be damned, they just graduated. And it’s just like last year on the last day of classes, but it’s also different because tonight the stars are covered by clouds and Dean’s drinking a Lipton green tea which
go out sometime.”
“Dean, what happened? What’s wrong?” Cas asks.
“Dean, look at me.” Castiel stands close to Dean.
Castiel cannot help but smile. Dean’s laughter is rather infectious.
Castiel doesn’t know what to say. His eyes well up with new tears and he tries to hold them back, but it doesn’t really work. He scrubs at his face.
Castiel dumps the contents of his backpack into the hamper. “Can I hide my backpack in your room for this week?”
“He is.” Cas sniffles. “He—he
Jack grins. “This is going to be epic.”
They walk back to the sidelines right as Charlie and Gabriel start yelling.
Castiel wakes up to the smell of pancakes. He pats the space beside him in bed; the bedding is cold. Dean must have been gone for a while…which explains why Castiel smells pancakes.
Cas catches Dean watching him and says, “I really didn’t want this for today.”
“Yeah, well, that douchebag didn’t want anyone to go to the bathroom during class and was generally a huge asshole, so I wasn’t exactly going to be nice to the guy.” Dean replies.
“That does sound beautiful.” Cas says as he stands.
“Tell me anyway?”
Charlie gives another thumbs up and bursts out of the room. The door slams shut.
for taking such good care of me when I was injured.”
When the two Novak siblings pull away, Gabriel launches into the progress he has made in finding Cas an apartment and how he annoyed one of his real estate friends into finding five choices for Cas within a decent price range and not too far from the school. But, in Gabriel’s words, the apartments are “not total shit,” either.
so good, Dean. To him. To everyone around you really. I don’t know how you do it.” Meg shakes her head. “But you still do it. You two were,” she scrunches her face together like she’s trying to think. “You weren’t
Dean can’t tell what exactly is going through Claire’s head, but it’s clear the kid feels bad about
Despite everything, a small thrill runs through Castiel as he sits beside Dean.
“Should we open them together?” Dean asks.
“Yes, I suppose I am.” Castiel smiles.
“Yes. It did. Thank you, Jack.” Castiel smiles at his son.
And Dean has hardly had time to breathe because he has been trying to earn extra money at the library to make up for the two fines he had to pay because he cancelled his on-campus housing for the summer and the fall. Dean doesn’t mind too much though because his and Cas’s apartment is significantly nicer than the single that he’s living in now.
“Dean! He told you that it’s a shame you two don’t talk!”
Dean frowns. “Parents?”
“We also need to get regular food for the next few days too so you can actually rest up—oh look! Christmas trees!”
Dean.
“I’m glad you think so. Jack helped me pick it. He wants us all to take a picture in Christmas sweaters sometime in the next few days. He saw an advertisement for Christmas cards and the kid thought it was the coolest thing.” Dean explains.
“I still can’t believe he beat me to proposing.”
“Nothing worth discussing.” Castiel whispers, trying not to twitch. He is suddenly in desperate need of a hug, but he also does not wish to be touched right now. He also doesn’t think Dean would want to touch him right now anyway.
A shot of fear runs through Castiel’s veins and he lets the phone ring. He does not wish to experience the wrath of his father that will surely come if Castiel answers his phone. He just lets it buzz and prays that no one hears it.
“So, all angels look like holy tax-accountants?”
“You take good care of Baby. She looks the same now as she does in 2021.” Castiel explains.
Castiel hands Dean his backpack. Then he takes off Dean’s jacket. He feels cold.
Dean freezes for a moment, but hugs Castiel back, burying his face in Castiel’s chest. “I hope future-me appreciates the hell out of you.” Dean mumbles.
Cas shrugs.
Dean gives Castiel’s hand a little squeeze. “It’ll be pretty. I can’t wait to see it.”
“I like the new one a lot, but this was our first home.”
Dean grabs a cookie before sliding the plate to Castiel. Castiel takes a cookie and slides the plate back to Dean. They eat their first cookie in silence.
Castiel takes another peek at Dean who’s nodding.
Dean. This is for Dean. Dean needs him.
Dean’s chest tightens at the thought of teaching a kid this. Of teaching all his future family members this. Of having a legacy beyond all the blood and the pain.
Castiel opens the box and takes the ring out. This one is plain silver on the outside and on the inside, there are the initials D.W. & C.N are engraved. He holds the ring out to Dean who offers up his left hand. Castiel carefully puts the ring on Dean’s ring-finger. It takes a few tries because Castiel can’t get his hands to stop shaking and it doesn’t help that Dean keeps laughing at him. It’s not a mean laugh. It’s one of Dean’s Cas-is-so-cute-right-now laughs. They’ve been together for a decade; Castiel would recognize that particular laugh anywhere…Dean always seems to think the embarrassing things are cute. And Castiel’s workout outfits…especially when Castiel insists they wear matching outfits.
Dean can’t help but smile. It’s always “Hello, Dean” with Castiel Novak and Dean’s not sure why he finds it so endearing.
“And I love you, Cas. So much.” Dean chokes out the words. He’s feeling weepy and now is
“You’re the little brother I never wanted.”
Cas smiles at him as he runs the cloth up the right side of Dean’s face and across his forehead.
Dean leans against the trunk and crosses his arms against his chest. Cas finishes telling Dean about the effects of pollution on sunrises and sunsets, and they watch the sunrise together in silence.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean says. “We’re at the motel.”
Dean asks some questions and Castiel answers them. Dean asks about his head-injury and if he has his powers. Everything seems to be in order and Castiel tells Dean as much. Dean even says that they got lucky because Castiel came back from the misadventure relatively unscathed. Considering how such things usually go for them, they
Cas returns the pressure.
“I did not peg your knight in shining plaid to be the work-out type.”
“Being human is one of the worst injuries I have experienced. And yes, Dean hurt me, but he didn’t mean to. More importantly, he apologized, and he has spent a lot of time making sure I know that my home is wherever he is—should I want it to be. And I do.”
“Why?”
“Ah, that sounds rough.”
This time, Dean has to look away. He’s not sure why. It just suddenly feels really hot in here. To be fair,
“I love you too Dean.” Cas presses a kiss on top of Dean’s head.
Dean feels his face heat up. He kisses Cas back and says, “I love you too.”
“You are welcome, Dean.” Castiel replies.
It’s not a heart-stopping kiss. If anything, it’s a little awkward. They haven’t kissed before, so they don’t know each other’s preferences yet. Dean ends up laughing and pulling away. He feels like there’s a light inside of him that’s surely shining out of his body. Surely Cas can see it.
Dean sighs. “I’m at Bobby’s. I’ll text you the address.”
Dean laughs. He can’t wait for her to be his sister-in-law one day.
“I’m really glad you’re with Castiel.” Meg smiles and she’s staring over Dean’s shoulder like she maybe sees three Deans instead of just the one. “He needed someone good and
December 26, 2001
“I love him,” Castiel says.
Dean stares at Cas some more, but this time in amazement. This guy. This dorky guy in front of him who just says the wildest things sometimes.
is over. Dean falls asleep after Rose saves Finn in
“Did you like your Christmas presents?” Dean asks as they lie together.
They return to the bunker and find everyone in the Dean Cave watching a movie.
. And he knows that soon there will be the wonderful stress of having a house full of people to feed and cherish. But right now? Dean is with Cas and Dean is happy and he is shining, and he is feeling so much love. And maybe…just maybe…that is the magic of peppermint. That little spark in Dean’s chest that started to light up the day he crashed into Cas.
Castiel shudders.
“I’m afraid I have irreversibly destroyed the toast.” Cas glares at the toast.
Not a chance.
“Your grace? What’s that?”
. Why the hell does he trust Dean so much?
“We’re married.”
Does it matter that Castiel said that he smelled good when he was drunk, and Dean had just put deodorant on and now Dean’s trying to recreate that fresh-deodorant smell?
Dean pushes the bigger half of pie onto Cas’s plate.
“So, Dean, you got clothes in here or do you need to run to your dorm to change before we leave?” Gabriel asks.
“That sounds like a good idea.” Castiel says.
“I know that you like fantasy stories and this has good reviews.” Castiel says.
“Okay Cas, now I have some things to say, and I need you to pay attention. Okay?” Dean says.
And, in an absolute worst-case-scenario, Dean knows there’s room for him with Bobby and Ellen. So, if he and Cas break up next year, Dean will still have a place to live.
Dean’s mind races as he tries to think of something to say next. Then it hits him. “Home!” Dean yells.
“You haven’t seen him Black Friday shop yet. Cas here is a huge asshole.” Meg says.
“You’re—you’re different. Not a lot. You’re—you’re more open. You’re asking to hang out randomly. I don’t understand why you’re doing this. Are you just feeling sorry for me because you know my father hates me?”
. He hasn’t even had the privilege of sleeping in the same bed as Cas for very long and already it feels impossible to sleep without him. Maybe it’s not the fact of sleeping without him that’s the problem. Maybe it’s the guilt of lying and saying he didn’t want him here.
Dean turns the music off. He doesn’t hear Cas crying anymore. That’s probably a good sign. Right?
Things are different now. Every night, they go to bed together and Dean watches over Castiel so that he can sleep. Some nights Castiel has pleasant dreams. Most nights, Castiel wakes up screaming. Dean’s always by his side, patient, gentle, loving,
Dean looks over at Bobby and Ellen and Jo. Bobby grins at him and holds up a tissue. Gruff teddy bear. Ellen’s blowing her nose. Jo’s making a heart with her hands. Dean does it back.
Cas looks up and his eyes widen. He looks horrified and quickly rubs his face as if to hide the fact that he is clearly still crying.
“Thanks, Dean.” Sam smiles. “You deserve some rest. I’m excited for you too.”
Dean looks at Cas and says, “Merry Christmas, Cas.”
Neither of them says anything as they stare up at the sky. They’re standing outside their apartment building. Cas’s tan car is sitting in the driveway, waiting patiently for them to get in and go for a drive. But the two of them just stand there, looking around.
Cas chuckles. “Yeah? Is that what they say?”
Castiel knows what it says.
get if he just stopped being a coward for two minutes? All he has to do is say it.
They really need to leave. Now.
“Dammit, I was trying to be cute.”
“Come, let’s try one of your cookies. I’m sure they’ve cooled down enough by now.” Cas gives Dean’s shoulder a squeeze and leads the way out of the bathroom.
“Do you wanna talk about it?” Dean asks.
“I do too.” Dean smiled into Cas’s shoulder.
Castiel is suddenly overcome with an overwhelming urge to hug Dean. He gives in. “I love it when you’re kind to him.” Castiel says.
Dean turns around and asks, “Yeah?”
Castiel reaches out behind Dean for the throw-blanket and covers Dean with it.
“Conversations in the Dark” -John Legend
the one who’s crying. He hugs himself and keeps walking. He’s a mile off campus and he pulls his phone out to call someone—he’s not even sure who to call: Meg or Dean? But his phone won’t make calls. Great. His father must have already turned off Castiel’s phone.
Dean puts his hand up—presumably for a high-five—but instead of giving Dean a high-five, Castiel slowly reaches out and takes Dean’s hand in his. He pulls Dean’s hand to his mouth and kisses it like Dean did for him last night.
Charlie laughs as Castiel copies her moves. They do elaborate bows at the end of the dance and hug before returning to their seats.
Well…that was interesting.
Castiel feels like a little of the weight he was carrying has left him. He snuggles up under the blankets and watches more
“That’s not what I meant. I meant all those years before.”
would be the one losing it.”
than you.” Dean smirks.
Dean thinks for a moment. What
A few minutes later, he overhears Bobby ask Ellen, “Did you drug him?”
March 16
The next morning.
. He has left it unsaid for too long. “You know that I do. Right?”
May 9
Castiel “pops in the Tracy Chapman tape” and a song about a fast car plays. Castiel watches as Dean nods along with a frown.
“I love you guys,” Castiel says as he feels hot tears well up in his eyes.
I wanna love you the best that, the best that I can, yeah”
“Would you like help?” Crowley asks.
“No. Take your time.” Dean takes his shoes off, walks around to the other side of the bed, and sits beside Castiel. “Wanna watch tv?”
Dean blinks.
Dean lets out a small laugh.
Dean hugs Cas just a little tighter after that.
“Merry Christmas, Dean.” Cas says.
“No, Cas. You’re definitely the hero.” Dean says with a sort of intensity in his voice so strong that Castiel feels compelled to look at him.
Dean considers flipping Garth off, but it’s
Castiel sprints at this part. He lets the power of the song carry him as he pumps his fists and runs as fast as he can across the walkway next to the Sunken Garden. That conversation was brutal and Castiel is
“You don’t know Rudolph?”
“We’re gonna get married.” Castiel whispers. The moment’s hitting him as well and he feels hot tears spill down his face. He buries his face in Dean’s shoulder. “I love you so fucking much, Dean Winchester.”
“Not technically.”
Dean always wants to tell him that he’s important, but every time he looks into Cas’s blue eyes, the words get stuck in his throat and he forgets how to breathe. It’s starting to become a problem.
“Yes. Can you please bring him a slice of pie?” Cas asks.
Dean watches as Claire dribbles the ball down the field.
Dean blinks.
“Nah, I just like looking at ‘em.” Dean replies. “What about you?”
Sam laughs and releases Dean.
Did Cas really…really not think that Dean cared more about him than the microwave? Surely Cas knows that he is of more value than a freakin’ microwave.
“So rather than consider the possibility that I’m telling the truth, you would rather I just wait for nearly a decade to see my family again so you can have physical proof of my claims? Is that correct?” Cas glares at him.
“I love that you call me that.”
“Uh, sure. If you go into the glovebox, there should be a small box of tapes. Can you grab the Led Zeppelin one?”
“I rank below pie, so I think we’re even.”
JACK: Boring. But okay.
Dean’s heart sinks and a hot wave of shame washes over him. He shouldn’t have said that. It was too much. Cas is going to leave now because Dean’s too clingy.
Castiel’s heart feels so full. He pulls Dean close into a hug as his emotions spill out in the form of tears and a few hiccupping sobs. “So happy. Dean, I’m
This is getting ridiculous.
“So, when are you and Cas gonna get hitched?”
Castiel shakes his head. He’s exhausted but he doesn’t want to sleep. He doesn’t want to wake up to find out that this was actually just some horrible dream. Horrible because he has just gotten everything he has ever wanted. Horrible because if he wakes up and discovers that he has not actually gotten that, then his heart will surely break.
“It’s okay, Dean. I know it’s a lot. And I’m incredibly sorry this is happening to you.” Castiel whispers, hugging Dean a little closer.
“Hey Dean, can I show you something?” Castiel asks.
It’s Sunday, April 4
He wishes he didn’t care.
Fuck.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Promise?” Castiel feels so weak for asking.
Dean sighs and runs a hand through his hair.
“You’ll see me again, Dean. I swear, I’m not going to leave you forever.” Dream-Cas had promised.
And maybe…just maybe Dean does too.
Dean doesn’t trust Cas to make it up there by himself, so he puts Cas’s left arm around his shoulders again, and leads him up the stairs.
“I love you, but I am not happy about this.” Dean says.
to be okay. And he is…for the most-part. It’s just…despite everything, Castiel misses his father.
They pull away from each other, giggling like kids.
Finally, Cas shakes his head and sighs. “Okay, I think I know what’s going on.”
You hate me now. Don’t you?
after that essay that Dean forgot about and had to ask for an extension on.
“Okay,” Dean stands next to Cas. “Let’s start with this, do you want me to stay here just until you fall asleep, or would you like me to sleep next to you?”
Dean blinks and says, “You had a
In the lamp-light, Dean sees that Cas is wearing his bumblebee sweatband, a white tank top, black shorts, rainbow socks, and yellow running shoes.
“I am uninjured.” Castiel says.
“What?” Cas asks.
Castiel smiles and feels warm on the inside. He looks at Dean’s hand holding his. This is the hand of the man he loves. This hand has been used to kill, punch, stab, break things, fix things, patch up wounds, cook meals, fix cars, wipe away tears, and now it is being used to hold Castiel’s hand firmly, but oh so gently. This hand is a part of Dean. Dean, who Castiel has loved ever since he gripped him tight and raised him out of perdition. Dean, who Castiel didn’t realize he loved until years later when he had a better grasp of what love even is. Dean, who has spent so much time taking care of others and doing what he thought he needed to do to be useful…as if the only way he deserved to exist was if he made himself useful to the people around him. Castiel desperately hopes Dean will begin to believe that he does not need to be useful to be loved. It breaks his heart knowing that’s what Dean thinks of himself. Especially when it takes so little to make Dean smile sometimes. Like right now, all he needed was acceptance in a time he didn’t have words. He just needed a gentle pressure returning his own. Castiel just wishes he could do more for Dean.
Cas is just smiling at Dean. His smile is wide and happy and full of light. Cas mouths, “I love you,” to Dean and Dean mouths it back.
“Castiel?” Dean asks.
Castiel is definitely not stalking Dean.
“I guess happiness
make it through this. He has to. If not out of love for Dean and himself then out of spite. Fathers should not instill this much fear in their children.
Castiel manages to avoid crying, but he still doesn’t feel much better when they get to Walmart.
“Who is Alex?”
“I appreciate that. But I am currently bleeding.” Cas replies.
Castiel smiles at Dean. Dean’s so cute. His face is so open with wonder. Castiel often forgets that Dean likes babies. He never thought it would translate to baby animals. Castiel cannot believe it had never occurred to him before.
“Yes, he would like some pie,” Cas says.
Castiel and Dean clean Dean’s dorm. They set up the snack-station: Dean’s desk and both the dressers in the room. Dean winks at Castiel and puts a tablecloth with a bee print on the snack-station.
back.
“Oh.”
Dean hugs Cas back. Tightly. “Have I told you that I love you today?”
“I don’t understand why you
“Was it real?” Dean asks.
of this according to his dad. He wasn’t supposed to come here and attend college. He wasn’t supposed to room with Charlie and become an English major. He wasn’t supposed to work at the library and meet Benny. He wasn’t supposed to sit in on every single one of Bobby’s office hours until the guy up and adopted him into his family. He wasn’t supposed to have Charlie, his first adopted sister, and Jo, his second adopted sister. He wasn’t supposed to ever see Sammy again, but now they have weekly Zoom calls. Dean was never supposed to meet Cas and fall in love with him. Dean wasn’t supposed to have picked out an apartment within walking distance of their new grad school. The odds of them getting in were just so low but here they are.
Dean and he’s not here. Because Castiel is not supposed to be here either and he’s trapped and he’s never going to go home and his head hurts so badly and he just wants to cry, but he’s trying not to, and he really can’t tell if he’s succeeding or not.
Crowley leaves before Dean can reply.
Cas is standing only a few feet away from Dean.
Dean feels like his heart might explode. He really might be in the bed of an ex-angel who wants to go home to an older version of
and Dean will be stuck with this stupid figurine he bought as a joke.
Something’s wrong.
Dean hugs Castiel back and says, “Check out the trench-coat.”
Cas: I suppose you wouldn’t want to play a game then. Perhaps later?
Dean’s face feels hot and his eyes burn with frustrated tears. He turns away from Naomi.
Cas’s bottom lip quivers and he nods at Dean. “Thanks,” Cas whispers.
“I’m glad you liked it.” Cas says.
“So, you know that I like…well, anyone?” Dean asks in a quiet voice.
Dean feels warm all over and kisses Cas on the lips. Cas
“You okay?”
and Cas who is struggling with the fire extinguisher.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel puts his hand on Dean’s shoulder. “Dean, you don’t need to thank me. If anything,
but Charlie insists they watch
“You’re gonna get caught one day, Benny.”
Dean rushes over to Cas.
Castiel hugs Dean back and closes his eyes. Tears come again and they leak out of his closed eyelids. Dean whispers gentle things into Castiel’s ear and rubs his back. Eventually, Castiel is drained…even more than before and he can feel himself fading. He pulls away from Dean, stands, and gets in bed. He hates being cold.
“I see you gave Cas the sweater.” Jack nods at the sweater.
a squirrel runs loose.
“Dean?” Cas asks.
work out.
“No, but that sounds very Charlie.” Dean chuckles. Then he gets serious again. “Can we sit?”
“September 18,”
Dean hugs Castiel with one arm, holding the blankets with the other.
Dean shakes Cas’s shoulder. “Hey, wake up.”
Dean clears his throat and continues, “I love holding you in my arms and I love being held by you. We’ve already spent ten years together and we’ve shared so much love. I can’t wait to spend ten, twenty, thirty, I don’t know, fifty, seventy-five years, whatever amount of time I have left to live, I want to spend it with you. You’re my favorite person—but don’t tell Charlie.”
“Don’t tell them anything about me. If you do, I could always go back in time and kill Castiel. He’s a human right now and will be easy to kill. I placed a spell on him that will allow his grace to come back to him as long as you at the age of twenty-two tell him that you believe him that things will be okay in the future, but there’s a catch. If you kill me before twenty-two-year-old-you says the magic words, Castiel’s grace will not come back to him and he will be stuck in 2001 as a human. He’ll lose nearly twenty years of his life waiting to go home.” Naomi says.
“Mom?” Dean wipes his face with his sleeve, trying to get rid of any evidence of tears.
Mom laughs.
“Claire.” Claire replies.
Dean blinks back tears. He can’t talk because if he talks, he’s going to start crying and it’s Christmas morning and he doesn’t
, Dean would want her to meet Sam. It’s a good thing they got to meet too; the two have really hit it off. Charlie and Sam appear to be interested in the same things which allows for bonding.
“Your class was great Castiel. Charlie?” Dean says.
“I,” Castiel’s heart is racing. His ears are ringing, and something stings his eyes. “I,” Castiel tries again, but he shakes his head. This Dean won’t believe him. “You won’t believe me.”
“No. This is not my true-form. Angels are celestial beings of light. My true-form is much larger and it would be too much for a human to see.”
“You don’t know what I’m capable of.”
“It’s The End Of The World As We Know It (And I Feel Fine)” – R.E.M.
Dean can hear Charlie cursing.
Castiel has never been sure.
“Are we talking too quickly?” Dean asks looking from Claire to Jack.
“That damned squirrel.”
“Nah, no wings. Can’t fly.” Castiel replies.
It’s 7:34PM on March 18
“Thinkin’ about trading me in for the younger model? Less wrinkles. More time left to still look hot.”
Dean frowns. “I don’t…I don’t think that works. You can’t do everything.”
“Now for the fun part.” Sam grins. Then he looks at Dean. “Do you, Dean Winchester, take Castiel Novak to be your lawfully wedded husband?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Thank you.” Cas nods.
Cas shakes his head and Dean turns his tape up. They’re quiet for a while: Cas driving and Dean nodding along to the music.
“I’m sorry I’m crying.” Cas hugs Dean back. “I’m just so messed up right now and—and it’s hard
“Sure,” Cas replies.
Dean kisses Cas on the cheek. Cas smiles at Dean and spins him again.
“Did they ever…I feel weird asking this, but did they ever date?”
Castiel’s fairly certain Dean knows who he’s talking about, but Castiel replies, “My father,” all the same.
“I’m fine. Let’s get her up there so we can light this puppy.” Dean replies.
Dean: Talk to you later, asshole.
“Watch out for the puke,” Dean puts his arm out to block Cas from stepping in it.
Dean feels bad, but he doesn’t want to spend Christmas alone again. His dad sent him on a hunt on Christmas Eve last year after Dean had pissed him off. He’s still not even sure what he did to piss his dad off. He got home one day and his dad looked pissed and told him to pack for a solo hunt.
Chapter 6: Dean’s Birthday (Part 2: Dancing Badly)
Cas nods as if Dean just gave him some great piece of wisdom to remember. Dean’s heart twists and he has to fight himself not to hug Cas again. He needs to stop touching him. It’s just going to make tomorrow worse when he’s not able to touch him anymore.
Castiel smiles. “Yes. Your favorite song is “Ramble On” in 2021.”
This is everything. A promise. A hope. A wish. A…well, Dean doesn’t even know what it is. Not really. It’s just…it’s
“Stay with me…please.” Castiel whispers, reaching his hand out of the covers, towards Dean.
Dean tries to ignore Crowley and leads Cas to the bed with the bumble bee print comforter. This side of the room is messy. There are socks and shirts under the bed. The desk looks like a tornado blew over it. This wall is covered in pictures of different types of bees and there is a cat calendar near the bed.
Castiel blinks back tears. He’s so tired of his father interfering with his life.
“Hello, Dean.” Cas doesn’t look up from what he’s doing. “I’m searching for a Christmas station. I thought it would make our festivities merrier.”
So, the questions are mostly about puppets, and Dean probably shouldn’t have been so surprised by that. He hasn’t known Cas for very long, but he
It’s not as terrifying as the thought of losing Cas forever. It’s not as horrible as sitting in that room alone after Cas had been taken by the Empty. Nothing will ever be as bad as that.
One thing he
Then he gets up and hugs his son.
Castiel picks up his book for his Romanticism class and reads a sentence.
he want to know about Cas? Dean decides to start with the easy favorites.
They hold each other close for a few minutes. Then Cas starts to shiver, and Dean decides it’s time to head home.
Cas looks at Dean.
“Is it really you?” Jack asks.
Dean doesn’t understand why he’s so nervous. He wants—no he needs—this to go well. He’s not even entirely sure why. Is it to avenge the brotherly relationship that was snatched away from him as a child? Is it because it sounds like Mary’s only an okay mom to Sammy and Dean wants to make sure that Sammy knows that Dean and Cas are people that he can turn to should he ever want or need to? Is it because of Sammy at all or is this all Dean? Dean and Sammy get along well. They have a text chain for the geek stuff that they’re both into. They have bi-weekly calls on Thursdays while Sammy’s at his local library and he’s taking a study break. They get along well. They’re…maybe not brothers quite yet, but they’re definitely friends. Logically, this week should go well.
Dean finally calms down and releases his grip on Cas.
“It’s not supposed to be expected. It is a present.”
“I can’t recall the last time I built a sandcastle. I certainly haven’t built one as impressive as the one you described. Can you teach me?” Castiel asks.
They spend the song doing old cheesy dance moves that Cas taught them last year when Sam and Eileen visited for three weeks in the summer.
Castiel nods and takes a sandwich.
Dean opens the door to see Crowley. Dean opens his mouth to ask why he’s here, but he’s cut off by Crowley who begins to speak very quickly.
