It was cropped on the sides and long the top. It looked so fresh , steve really wanted to run his hands through it . It was definitely a good look on him Steve decided.
Tony's POV
“What I think” Tony’s eyes followed him as he walked to the dustbin to throw away the plastic “is that fifteen year olds should be kissing other fifteen year olds” tony scoffed
“No,  I know his breathing problems could be attributed to his heart condition, but he’s been doing really well since Steve came into the picture. It makes me believe that it’s more psychological and physiological” steve hardly heard them both as he concentrated on Tony’s breathing. He didn’t think of it that way, that it could have something to do with his bad heart.
“What?”
“I think it’s best we don’t rush this. If we are going to nail them,  then we need all the Intel we can get. “ Steve and Clint nodded
“So” steve said as he wiped his mouth clean with the napkin
“Nightmares?”
“can you show her?” Tony looked at him with pleading eyes silently asking him not to make him do this
“Serum does all kinds of things huh?” he whispered as he traced his tongue along the outer shell of Tony’s ear and felt the goosebumps forming along his neck.
“Hey hey, I saw it Tony it’s beautifu baby. You did such a good job. I am so proud" he was just saying things randomly to keep Tony distracted but he was getting worried at how Tony was behaving.
“I know….” He said giving a shaky smile to her. Not many people get to see Steve like this, he never lets down the commanding captain America personality slip unless he’s with those he completely trusts and there were very few of them.  Or to be precise only three of them (nat, Clint and ofcourse thor!)
Tony didn’t say anything as he raked his eyes over Steve’s body and Steve tried again “I would hug you, but since my hands are busy at the moment so how about you give me a hug instead?”
“Yeah they did, I am okay. But we need to make sure you are okay too, so can you let the doctors do their job?” Tony only pushed back again looking at him sadly
“What happened?” she asked as she rolled up tissue paper around her index finger and quickly wiped Tony’s mouti.nh clean with a practiced expertise.
“looks like the fossil has finally arrived home" natasha smirked and he gave her look that said 'shut up not here'. She just stuck her tongue out at steve and walked over giving him a peck on the cheek.
After another thirty minutes Steve finally felt bad for Tony’s neck bent awkwardly as he continued to sleep with his head on his desk. He walked over kneeling down by Tony’s head and ran his fingers gently through his hair which was messy and seemed out of place for once like Tony had rushed to get to school on time.
“Mr. Stark I need to speak with you for a moment" and he saw Tony’s eyes meet peppers across the room and he glared at her until she left as he stood there waiting for  everyone to leave.
The sheets slipping off and natasha caught them in time before they made it off his waist.
“show me what? Did someone hurt you? What happened?” Steve knew she was very good at what she does and one of the requirements of being a spy was to be able to read situations and people well. So it didn’t surprise him at all that she had already figured it out, it was one of the reasons he called her.
Tony was on his feet in seconds a smile finally hinting at the corner of his lips as he followed Steve out of the gym. They walked side by side until they reached the parking lot and Steve unlocked his car motioning for tony to get in. He was just glad he got his car today.
“Fine, you bring me something when you are done” well there was Steve’s answer.
He pushed the door open and what his eyes saw had him freeze in place as he took in the scene in front of him and before his mind could think his mouth was already moving
“Oh. Can I come over though?” he asked eager now and Steve brushed thumb across Tony’s lips
”Mr. Rogers!” Steve groaned internally turning towards the voice , giving a small wave as opposed to the excited one pepper was throwing at him. They made their way over to them , navigating the crowd like a pro,an unhappy, unimpressed tony being tugged along behind her.
Steve was surprised Tony even let him finish let alone that he actually seemed to be seriously considering it.
“I don’t know” the reply came quick and short but laced with exhaustion that no doubt came with the panic attack, with no explanation that left Steve frowning
Coulson showed up before Clint even managed to boil water to make them coffee and slapped a letter onto the table glaring at Steve.
“yeah, why?” Tony said eyes flitting across the open space as if expecting something to happen fingers still playing with his tie. Steve fought a smile as he reached up slowly stilled his fingers and Tony frowned at him “what is it?” he asked slightly irritated before the heel of his right leg started tapping rhythmically on the floor. If someone saw Tony now they would assume he was on some sort of drugs and Steve chuckled lightly at the thought . He continued frowning at that and Steve tugged on his wrist and pulled him in the direction of his classroom.
“I’ll ask nat to stay here tonight, will you be okay?” he asked a little softer after he looked at the devastation on Tony’s face. His eyes snapped up, pleading
“okay I guess.” Tony said too quickly and Steve knew he hadn’t even given the question any consideration “you promised me answers” Steve pursed his lips as tony leaned forward a little , his eyes boring into Steve’s.
“Steve , you with me?” he heard from his left as he turned sluggishly to face Natasha’s concerned face. She gave him a small smile before reaching out to place a hand on his shoulder which was more grounding than he realized.
“ do you have any allergies?” another headshake.
“Okay, so have you been to his mansion?” clinr asked
“Guys, come on let’s hit the showers before we are late for AP physics"
“A Few months ago, a bunch of guys showed up . Called themselves shield.”
He looked around , eyes wide and panicked until Steve spoke gently to him getting him back to the present.
“So where do we start?” steve asked as he kept an eye on Tony’s bowl below him as the contents very very slowly disappeared into Tony’s mouth.
“Save it" he said before walking around Steve and out of the men’s room.
He ignored the erect member seeking attention and traced his fingers over Tony’s thighs , gentle but firm making sure it wasn’t tickling. His breaths were hitching everytime Steve touched a new place for the first time and that told Steve that Tony’s mind was now following his touches
A few groans and shrill bell and everyone was out the door talking hushed about ‘what’s gotten into mr.rogers today?’
Steve deflated as he realozed what she was saying “he really thought I was dead for two weeks"
“tony trust me I am very glad you told me even if it was just today. But what I meant is I can no longer keep quiet about it” tonys chest did a double take when his breath hitched in his throat
Something about how oddly domestic this was seemed to relieve Steve after his month long capture. Everyone on the team had their own way of dealing with things after a particularly bad mission , they had long learnt to never question and to just be there for each other.
"I'll leave once the armor is off." He said with no place for arguments. I sighed as I nodded up again at jarvis to continue removing the armor. All pieces came off on the right side with ease but the left one's were painful. Should have listened to jarvis and taken the analgesic. But since Bruce was here for the show, I hid the pain as well as I could and winked at him once the chest plate was out.
“He doesn’t, we asked him" nat said and Bruce was still not satisfied . Neither of them were but it was only a working theory.
“That’s all right, we will always come for him. Right buddy? Now let’s see that little injury of yours”
steve agreed to waking him up , but didn’t want to put him down. Steve will hold him like this all night if that’s what Tony needed from him. He ignored Bruce’s first comment and turned towards the mop of sweaty hair by the side of his neck.
After that one dreadful incident in the men’s room Tony had refused to pay any attention to Steve no matter how subtly Steve was trying.
“Don’t remind me" Steve said “I’ll meet you guys in Tony’s room in ten" he said and headed towards the gym .
“Its okay, I am right here. The sooner you let them do their job the sooner we can be done okay?”
“can you inform her parents?” He asked turning towards one of the other female teachers who saw them and had followed them to the nurses room worried.
“Stevie.” Bucky whispered shocked and Steve was not sure if he was shocked that Steve had chosen a sixteen year old or because Bucky had just strangled Steve’s boyfriend who was only a sixteen year old kid.
“He wouldn’t give that up , he's already laundering weapons, besides we don’t know what rumlows play is in here" natasha was right
Now that he knew Tony was doing okay, the worry had simmered down and let the anger out in full force.
“sleep well?” he asked
As the bell rang he sat down at his desk watching the students file out. Steve’s happy mood in the morning turned quickly into anxiety when he saw Tony. He was so close and yet Steve couldn’t do anything about it.
The last thing I remember was being lowered onto the seat in the quinjet and Bruce buckling me in.
“Can I sleepover? Holy shit , a sleepover with super spies”
Tony was exactly what Clint had said, a teenager. And teenagers need to explore . And it really was none of Steve’s business what Tony was doing.
“He is going to want to say goodbye" he said not sure if he was using it as an excuse to get more time with her or if he really just wanted her to stay for Tony’s sake.
"I am sorry tony, But please honey, we just want to make sure you are okay"
“He’s right, besides it’s none of my business.”
Tony licked his lips where it was bleeding just a tiny bit and gave a shaky smile. His walls he had up when Steve had first entered were slowly dropping.
Just at the beginning of the third week, a camera was added to the room he was held in. They then proceeded to beat him unconscious and the next time he woke up the camera was gone.
Steve couldn’t sleep that night , he knew stane was right but he also had this inherent need to protect the boy and he felt empty knowing he wouldn’t see Tony again.
The movie was okay, some thing about a guy stranded on some unknown place with lots of violence. Neither Natasha nor me were too interested but we were pretty comfortably settled on the couch in the common room. One hour into the movie, and we could hear the bickering Bruce and Tony walking into the Hallway of the common room.
Tony's POV
“Steve! Are you okay? There was so much blood and you were not waking up. I tried but Natasha didn’t let me near you . And they to-took you away.”
“Tony what’s going on?” he asked because Tony was still silent and hadn’t said anything
“I want to go home , don’t want to stay here anymore” steve sighed , he knew this was coming and it was only a matter of time. He readjusted himself on the chair and leaned forward
Tony calmed down after five minutes of squirming before realizing that they were really only going to sleep.
Tony wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck as Steve made quick work on the wound ,cleaning it up as best he could before applying some salve . He pulled out the paper back from the strips letting the edge stick to his fingers before pulling Tony flush against him so he could reach around and stick it on the skin approximating the edges of the laceration. He knew the tape wouldn’t last long especially with his briefs constantly rubbing against it.
“you wanted me here so I wont go to the battle?” he asked him even though he knew the answer and Tony nodded breath hitching
He had an arc reactor lodged in his chest and had very stubbornly refused to let anyone near him after that. He is afraid , steve knows that. But Steve wants to be there to help him through it, but ever since Tony found out that, that thing is keeping him alive, he has been very distant from anyone and everyone. Including steve. It hurt , but steve understands that Tony is going through something major and if this is how Tony needs to deal with its he will let him be for the time being.
“Cap, we need you for debrief” he groaned as he heard clint and sighed looking at the time on the screen of his phone. He was surprised to see that he had slept through the night and it was already eight am the next morning. This never happened with him, he was always so diligent , he was slacking off and that set an irritation within him he couldn’t seem to stave off.
Steve had other ideas , he snaked one hand under the covers his hand wrapping around Tony’s ankle and pulled until Tony came out of the other side squawking.
“Yes! Oh my God yessss" he said as he sat up on the bed straddling Steve and bent down to kiss him properly.
“natasha?”
Natasha and Steve were posed as couples , standing arm in arm , but were actually casing the area for the mad man. They had been given orders to bring him back to base, so they can find out what aliens he had been in contact with and what danger it was going to bring to earth.
“Your dad had this problem too" he said as he walked over to the bed sitting down tony still holding on tight.
“I have your paper with me, think it will help if we go over it together?” he asked hoping tony would let him help but he shook his head quickly and said a short
when Steve refused to move, fury rolled his eye “sit down Rogers, I don’t need you towering over me” Steve sat, trying to calm himself down enough to ask the right questions.
“Pepper wrote it for me , she has excellent penmanship" Steve’s hand froze on the sheet and he carefully thought out what he wanted to say next
“Tony, did you turn my phone off?” he watched as the teens throat bobbed as he swallowed
“That’s not how school works” but Tony held up a neatly folded piece of paper
"Did you take something?" He asked trying to stay calm as Clint turned back to ask the agents to give them some space, leave the room to them.
“Dry your hair please" he said instead and Tony gave him a look and went to do as told carrying his coffee with him and Steve watched him as he walked out of the room with a slight limp.
Here’s the thing, Tony even at sixteen had the soft baby skin and the scanty body hair didn’t help much with the image when he was dressed like this. It made steve feel just a little perverted , he shook his head slightly to clear his thoughts and went over to the silent brooding teen.
“I meant we can go to your place?” he pouted shifting on his foot looking unsure.
Something clicked in Steve’s mind immediately. Six months ago, Tony had reacted the exact same way and he had admitted that something or rather someone had hurt him. Steve had assumed it was a one time thing. Fear and anger gripped Steve’s emotions has he played through the all signs that had been there throughout, when Tony flinched at sudden unexpected contact , the terrible bruise that covered his entire torso which Tony had been adamant about not wanting to see the school nurse. The panic attacks, pepper had said they had been kissing , something about the intimacy had triggered the attack.
“Come on, my monkey mechanic" he said pulling him down and Tony spluttered something before he finally managed to get out a “what?” as he was pulled into the tub and settled against Steve’s chest. The water was hot, but not too hot and Steve was finally feeling relaxed.
Despite what he told himself, he didn’t sleep through the night. He was still sore from the blast, sure that he had broken a few ribs that were still healing. School seemed like a blessed distraction the come morning, but he didn’t expect that when he gets there, albeit a little late that his students will be already seated, two kids hovering around one particular brunette at the back of the class.
"You just want me to buy it so you can play with it" clint shrugged going back to his ice cream.
As Steve entered the living room again, he found Tony standing by the window looking outside but not really seeing. He startled as he heard Steve shuffle across the room. He swayed lightly on his feet and grabbed onto the table for support but avoided looking at Steve.
“I am hungry, let’s stop please” he whined as he stood up shakily on his legs and Steve supported him for a few seconds before letting go.
“Sorry, “ he apologized and Tony cursed him with some very colorful words that Steve ignored in favor of grabbing the ice pack and placing them against the bruised skin.
Steve’s biggest fear with physical intimacy was hurting Tony with his serum strength unknowingly.
Steve gently ran his hand through his hair and Tony sighed turning his head towards his palm seeking the warmth.
At first he didn’t see anything just the same bruises from yesterday And then Tony twisted around a little so Steve could see his back. There was a very distinct boot shaped bruise on his lower back . Steve traced it with his finger as he felt Tony shudder.
“he is sixteen!” clint said and natasha and bruce smirked at him
“hurts" tony rasped as he clawed at his shirt and steve grabbed the oxygen mask and held it onto his face as tony struggled against it. Once he relaxed he slipped strap around his neck, and undid the top few buttons on Tony’s shirt all the while talking calmly and directing tony to breathe. It took a couple of minutes for him calm down, but once he did it left him exhausted his eyes  half closed as he grasped at Steve’s hand as tightly as possible.
Steve was an hour early , the sun only just rising, as he stepped into Tony’s room freshly showered. He set down the bag he was carrying on one of the tables and and let his eyes wander around the room before he let it settle on the sleeping teenager.
“If you are being abused, you have to tell me. This is not okay on any account tony. Look at me please” he said squeezing his right hand.
Tony gets clingy only under few circumstances and all of it had to do with him needing medical help. Steve placed a palm against his forehead, but he seemed fine.
“Why was I kept in the dark?” It was meant to come out patient but his patience was wearing thin by the second, but it came out as a growl and fury actually leaned away in his seat. Steve knows he can be scary when he needs to, he didn’t intend to at the moment though. Natasha seemed to sense his distress as she placed a hand on his called fist, squeezing gently.
“He’s mature enough to handle the Intel Steve, you are being overly protective. Stop being so worried , we are here aren’t we?” clint said throwing something at him to get his attention.
“Canvas you wear around all day? Those  are not shoes.” Tony pouted and Steve kissed him ,because till date he hasn’t been able to resist.
“I think you had enough to worry about. Besides you weren’t exactly in the right frame of mind at the moment" Tony scoffed
“Is he okay?” he heard from behind him and Steve turned back to see all three of him teammates standing there faces worried as he tried to get a glimpse .
“Where are you guys headed?” Tony asked not budging his face not leaving Steve’s so natasha said
Right, so if Steve was dead the tracker would pick up on his cold dead body. He was actually glad Tony was not awake for this part , he looked down at Tony again just in case.
Thirdly, Tony’s grades had dropped drastically enough for it to be of major concern. Steve hadn’t believed bruce when he first told him that Tony had actually failed all his classes during the semester exam but Steve knew what Tony had gone through those days when Steve was missing and he let it be until he realized that Tony didn’t seem to be picking up since they were back.
“Tony!” Steve tried again as nat pulled out a paper clip and did something with lock and the door fell open. Quickly shoving himself into the door , he stopped in his tracks as the first thing his eyes caught sight of was the red stains on the white tiles.
“Tony, I know you don’t like it baby, but sometimes we have to do things we don’t like.” Tony didn't care for his lecture apparently and he tried to escape Steve’s hand as he reached out to grab him.
“either of you remember if you spoke about the mission there?” right, because that would be the obvious way to keep tabs on tony , a camera or surveillance at his mansion.
He pulled it away letting it fall to the floor and Steve knew now why Tony didn’t want him to take the cover away. He still had his screwed shut and Steve’s primary concern of Tony’s injury being serious was the only thing keeping him from becoming hard himself.
“Yes" he simply said now tugging at Tony’s tie loosening it he let it hang lower on Tony’s chest .
“I told you I remember the things I have done but not the whom or why"
“Exactly my point here, they get into trouble when they are bored”  Steve sighed leaning back
Apparently they did not celebrate birthdays every year in asgard, it didn’t mean much when you lare basically immortal.
“There is obviously something bigger going on here. We cant do anything until we figure out what that is" Steve couldn’t argue, she was right ,he had just had the same thought but his chest was raging from anger slashing all the rational thoughts.
“No I want my yogurt. Steve did you see my new heart? Look it’s right here" he said suddenly trying to get the bandages off to show Steve and they panicked a little holding him down , restraining his arms.
“Bruce please tell me he is going to be okay" he said finally letting his voice break and Clint shifted closer to him as a sign of comfort.
“Buck Its me ,its steve" he said recovering enough to sit up but still holding his hands to shield himself from any more blows.
“that would be great"the nurse nodded. Tony's breathing was slightly labored but getting better every second.
“Shit”
“I don’t know, okay? He’s just...” Steve trailed off considering himself to be lucky that he had an excuse to not complete that answer as a doombot struck him particularly hard in the abdomen.
Tony mumbled against his lips and Steve pulled away a little to hear him “I am scared” he whispered and Steve put on a forced smile on his face because Steve not only scared ,he was terrified.
“Huh" was all he could come up with, and this from the man who is always first to all the alien things happening around the world.
“Hey it’s the only thing I could think of on short notice okay” Steve shrugged swinging his leg over his bike and putting the key in ignition. Just as Tony grabbed onto his shirt to use him as support to get onto the bike Steve stopped him
“No , not like this" he mumbled
"Fine, since you both are now so close ,has he told you how I can make it up to his highness?" Steve asked picking up the file , frowning at the new pages added to it.
“I make no promises about freaking out but I promise I wont try to break up with you" he said seriously because he knew Tony needed to hear it again. And he would say it again and again until Tony needed him to.
“My desk is not meant for you to be sitting on” he said after clearing his throat not wanting to startle him.
“You are fine, I am not saying anything is wrong. Just a physical okay?” nope, tony was not having it though
“Why didn’t you tell me about the cold water?” steve would be lying if the voice didn’t startle him just a little bit.
Turned out that tony did have a mild concussion and his left wrist was sprained and he had some characteristic bruises across his torso.
“let’s leave that in okay.” Tony shook his head no “off" he said, though it sounded muffled through the mask and then his attention immediately  switched over to the mask as he pulled it down and steve let him as he took the cup of water nat handed over with a small straw.
All in all Steve’s first day was a good one. But something was off and he couldn’t quiet place a finger on it.
I shook my head to clear things and headed to shield headquarters to teach some basic self defence training to shield's agents as per fury's request.
“Am sorry" he mumbled and Steve almost reeled back at the apology not knowing what it was for. He wrapped his arms around the teen, one arm going to the nape of his neck and curling there.
“Okay" Steve sighed not wanting to push him and Tony smiled gratefully at him.
And Steve had to swallow and just look at him having absolutely no idea what to say to that.
This was going to make things so much harder for Steve.
Once steve let him down , he wobbled a little on his feet and held onto the couch until he could kick his shoes off and sighed from the relief
Steve couldn’t seem to accept what bruce was saying just yet but he nodded anyway feeling defeated. Thor for the first time , shifted in his place turning towards Bruce “what can we do?”
This took me forever to write, things are going to be a little different from here on !
“Are you listening to me sweetheart?” he asked brushing his hair back away from his forehead
“Hey come on Steve, don’t go back there. Look at me” he felt someone shake him lightly and then turn his face to face them.
“What?” steve asked not sure what to make of this
Steve could tell he was purely exhausted and not in the mental state to be entertained by banter among his teammates but like Clint had said they all needed to talk about it. There were still a lot of unanswered questions.
“you can study with Bruce, he will help you. Come on,”
Steve was so confused , he didn’t know what had changed so suddenly that tony seemed to be trusting him completely. Okay well not completely, he had still not told Steve what had actually happened. But it was a start, his mind was
pepper waved and head towards the platform while tony stayed rooted in place , his head cocked to the left slightly as he eyes Steve.
“Tell me you didn’t do it with a minor , Steve” clearly ignoring Tony’s blush.
“oh, I don't feel good" he admitted laying his forehead back on Steve’s shoulder.
“Obie lied to me all these years and I don’t want to deal with him right now” okay at least Steve knew why tony was in school today instead of resting at home,but there were more concerns rising.
“so just to be clear , you lied about always being there for me right? You know what it doesn’t matter.” He said pacing his right hand worrying at the nape of his neck.
“I don’t want to go home” he mumbled
Steve could tell that there wasn’t much experience there, and that made it all the more sweet.
"did you both have dinner?"I asked them instead. Bruce nodded "post battle food is always necessary, shield had a very good spread today"he said sighing contentedly.
“First thing, we need to make sure Tony is as comfortable as possible. I think we all know his phobia about hospitals and this is not a minor procedure, he is definitely terrified. Steve you need to talk to him before we get him to the medical bay. Make sure he knows what he is in for. Clint and thor, you guys go down there , try and spruce up the place to seem as less hospital like as possible. Maybe add another few beds, so we can all be there.”
Tony fought him , arms pushing desperately at Steve’s chest and suddenly natasha was scolding him
“It also means that Tony is expendable” clint stated
“I am here too you know" steve mocked and clint gave fake gasp and leaned down to kiss him on his cheek.  Tony laughed at Steve’s disgusted face , steve found this domestic living together nice.
Five minutes later, all the wires and weird things packed away Tony turned to him giving him a smile his hair disheveled and he had graphite marks all over his face from his fingers.
Tony’s calm shattered the moment Steve opened the door for them and they stepped through into the tower.
“Mr. Rogers don't be mad okay? But Tony called us an hour back asking us to meet him at a bar. He was already drinking when we got here. I swear we didn't drink much, I don't think Tony drank much either. But he's like reaaaally drunk and he can’t go home like this, so we thought..”
“If you think it can wait till tomorrow,  you can tell me tomorrow. Tony I am sorry I got angry,  I was just worried. But I don’t want you to feel like you cannot make your own ddecisions, because I trust you.”
“Tony,  do you trust me ?” He asked
“Why are you dressed like that?” he hiccupped lightly at the end of that question and Steve let go of Tony to reach for the water but Tony immediately latched onto him again not letting go.
“he’s your guardian right?” tony nodded and Steve held perfectly still as tony scooted close to him again.
This kid had a way with Steve’s emotions and he had no idea.
“but you are allowed to look that adorable?” Tony smirked at him and took the few steps towards Steve and Steve shrugged off his jacket handing it over to Tony who put it on without protest.
“Thank you, Mrs. Rishah” Steve said as she handed the wrap over to him.
“Kay” Steve dropped a kiss on his nose and Tony pushed him away
But really, Clint was right. They were teenagers , he was one one not too long ago and he knew exactly what he was like at that age. That thought definitely didn’t help as he sulked for the rest of the time.
“I really hope so. He’s young he can cope. He just needs some support from people he trusts that’s all.”
“You know what, I need you to tell me as much as possible. I know you don’t want to talk about it, but we need to know okay? Or else we cannot help you bud.”
Steve was excited to get to school the next morning, okay excited was not the right word. He was just looking forward to seeing Tony and to maybe hold him when no one was looking. It was going to be a challenge to make this work, but Steve didn’t want to think too deeply into that. Right now his only concern was to make sure Tony was alright. That didn’t have anything to do with their developing relationship.
“What are you wearing?” Tony’s eyes drifted up but quickly looked away
“I really you can call you right?” Steve chuckled getting up as well trying to get the kinks out if his neck.
Tony’s attention shifted to the television and Steve put the sandwich natasha made in Tony’s hand and settled down pulling Tony’s head against his side and natasha slid his feet over her lap.
This is getting harder to write honestly!
“It might be a really good idea, but it’s too early. Besides Clint nobody would take toyr seriously in the corporate world" Clint huffed faking offense. It was true, clint couldn’t go too long without being playful. It was how he dealt with stress.
“How did you know?” She scoffed lightly “he has been throwing looks your way ever since we arrived here.” Steve tried not to let that bother him as he noticed tony and his two friends, pepper and Rhodes who seemed to have become somewhat inseparable since tony joined this school.
“Because you love me?” he asked his mouth twitching to form a smile
“Thank you" steve said kissing the tip of Tony’s nose and he got “hmm" in return followed by a yawn.
“you okay?” He asked pulling into drive again and tony nodded still looking bewildered but did not question him at all. In fact he stayed silent eating his sandwich until they reached Steve’s apartment.
“Tony, sweetheart can you sit still for me? Just for a few minutes” he made displeased sound but sighed and settled down. Steve knows that this time Tony was not on morphine and he will remember everything they talk about.
“Steve?”
“Sweetheart hey, what’s wrong?” he asked as he watched his breath hitch and he tried to pull away from Steve , instead steve picked him up and carried him to the living room couch laying him down and ran his fingers through his hair until he seemed to calm down.
“We can head there now" bruce said as natasha paid off their coffees and Steve suddenly felt very nervous about taking Bruce to meet Bucky. He had already met nat and Clint but it always made him nervous to meet new people especially after what happened with tony. Steve had a distinct feeling that Bucky has still not stopped beating himself up about it.
Steve’s right hand was still resting atop Tony’s chest and could feel the rapid hammering of his heart  underneath it.
He nodded, albeit unsurely but there was something Bucky definitely recognized in him. He reached for the phone getting a closer look and gave it back to her.
“What will you do if I do it anyway?” he asked single eyebrow lifting
“How are you feeling?”
"I just need some ice, come on! thor is probably already half way there by now" I said brushing his hands off walking towards the exit.
“You want to keep your clothes on?” he nodded vigorously his teeth worrying at his lips
“I am fine!” he insisted through clenched teeth and Steve knew he had to be in a lot of pain.
“Only you" Tony said giving him a cheeky smile and Steve had to restrain from rolling his eyes.
"Together?"  Steve nodded seriously
“I am sorry honey. I am leading the mission. I have to be there.” Steve wanted to promise him that he will be just fine, but he couldn’t do that, give false promises. Many times things did go bad, but Tony didn’t have to know that.
“Almost an hour now" he heard Clint scream in the background and Steve realized they must be using their com links
"Hey! Why did you do that!" I bellowed irritated. It was the only fun I was having all night and I had had only one.
Steve should have known, tony had told him what rumlow had done to him .
He knew he had to talk to Tony about it or atleast find out where the problem is. He is the teacher after all and Steve couldn’t bear the thought of Tony failing his class. Bruce had offered to help and Steve was ever grateful. He had been engaging Tony as much as possible in the science-y things he normally does and now that he had access to all of shields toys he had been busy.
As soon as he entered , looking at the faces he knew this was Tony’s class, and he spotted the collapsed girl by the volley ball court surrounded by a bunch of students and he jogged over.
And Steve knew, he knew it was the wrong thing to say , he knew he should have instead said ‘no Tony, this is not like that, besides I am eight years older and you are sixteen, a child’
“nobody knows I am alive” Steve argued
“Do you want to go lay down on the bed?” Tony shook his head
“see this is why you shouldn’t be angry with me" he said grinning at him and at that Tony only huffed some more
“why did you take off the crepe bandage?” Steve turned Tony’s hand to see that it did indeed look worse than yesterday.
“Please?” Steve whispered before leaning down to press a wet kiss on his sternum and Tony’s hands automatically rose to grip Steve’s hair .
Steve had to close his eyes for several moments to control his breathing, his nostrils flared in anger thinking about how Tony had been walking around like this was nothing for the past few days.
“Pepper go call Dr.Banner and tell he needs to be here with Tony when stane  arrives, Rhodey stay with Tony. I am going to be right around the corner okay? I don’t want him to see me with you”
Steve grinned as he felt tonys cock twitch under his fingers seeking more attention as he started to becoming hard again .
“Is that coffee?”
So far all he knew was that he was definitely injured, it didn’t happen at the gym and tony not wanting to tell his guardian about it only meant he was in some kind of trouble.
Bruce however silently placed the things on the table and pointed to the door and mouthed ten minutes and left.
Before Tony could leave Steve stood up quickly intercepting and called out for him
"What?" He received the same glare he had from rhodey
‘Yeah, sure. But if you need to study-"
"Hey tony? Are you okay?" Clint asked .I sighed just waving him off tired of explaining.
“yeah, let’s go . Up you get" he said motioning for Tony to get up. But tony just stared at him blankly “why?” he asked as if Steve had said the most bizarre thing .
Tony nodded looking down his neatly combed hair falling onto his face covering his eyes “ I want to go home"
Steve dropped the tomato he was still holding in his hand as he carefully but quickly crossed over to them . He wanted to scream at bucky to let go of Tony and wrap himself around the boy to protect him from this terror his friend has become. But the glazed look in Bucky eyes had Steve handle it in a different way
Tony on the other hand was now out of the sheets Steve had pulled over him, his red boxers riding up from how his body was contorted ,his upper body twisted towards Steve as his chest rose up and down ,his breath fanning Steve’s torso. His left foot was dangling from the edge of the bed ,the sheets halfway fallen to the floor.
“did I tell you that obie made me stand in the corner for an hour when I broke the tv remote? I was so bored and he told me if I moved from there then I wouldn’t have legs to stand anymore. He was a big meanie”
“What do you mean?”
He shuffled back a few steps from Steve “I can go by myself" he said irritated and walked away before Steve could say anything. And Steve didn’t see Tony in class for the next three days.
“hey hey, I will see you in school okay? But not tomorrow, you need to rest sweetheart. That’s all I meant . Okay?”
“not funny, you were hurt it’s not fu-funny okay I thought you were dead and -“ Steve immediately regretted not addressing this sooner, tony was trembling again , eyes hazing over. He was going to have nightmares.
“You need some support down there, wear them for atleast two days okay? Speaking which how are you feeling? Still sore?” He asked wanting to see for himself but he held back.
“Okay, hey it’s okay pepper. Can you put Tony on the phone?” he asked
“we are… well me and him ..I don’t know what to call it okay? Just know that I like him more than I should.” Steve finished lamely.
Steve reached over pulling out a box of tissues from the same stand and wiped them both up and his fingers before tucking himself back in to his pants and pulling Tony’s off completely. His pants were stained from the mess they had managed to make and threw to towards the hamper at the end of the room.
" go ahead,I am so close to finishing widow's bite" I said as I turned to walk back to my desk.
“That wont be necessary, Tony is coming with us" the next few seconds were a blur in Steve’s head it was jumble of “ow don’t touch me!” and “mr rumlow I advice you let go right now" and a CRASH
"clint grab a cloth and run it with some cool water" clint too?huh. I was missing a lot of things.I pried my eyes open .Steve was sitting on his knees next the couch hand in my hair looking more worried than ever. Bruce was holding my wrist in his hand looking at his watch. I pulled my hand away and tried to get up. But I was immediately stopped with Steve's hand on my chest pushing me back down.
“I need you to answer this for me okay? Is someone hurting you?” He asked carefully studying the emotions that flitted across Tony’s face.
Clint figured it out immediately and to make things worse he shouted “tony come get your man, he’s killing the fun outta everything”
“yes ,he’s still not left your apartment. “ Steve sighed relaxing in his chair finally.
“Dr Brandon told me you refused the shot, you must be in a lot of pain” she said as she loaded the syringe and turned around to eye tony while Steve frowned.
“you are mad aren’t you? I am sorry I feel so stupid. People do all kinds of things and I cant even let you touch me and..”
He quenched his own fear of hurting the boy in his arms because needed to desperately show Tony that he was his no matter what. All this insecurity Tony has been carrying needed attention and it was only Steve that could give it to him.
“Thank you” Tony was smiling sweetly at him and Steve’s fingers crushed the pen in his hand feeling the plastic painfully poke at his skin as he returned the smile that had his heart throbbing.
“Nat.,” he said mostly to himself but Steve’s eyes were still not cooperating with him.
“He collapsed from exhaustion a few weeks back,  and has a history of panic attacks. Hasn’t been sleeping well , maybe an hour or two at night, and his performance in school has dropped significantly “ Tony went stiff in his hold and wanted to protest but steve never gave him the chance
Tony rolled his eyes at Steve “what?” he asked
It was well worded and had all the right arguments. Turning the page back front to look at the students name, he was shocked to see it was Tony’s paper. That came as quiet a shock especially after how disinterested Tony had seemed in his past few classes.
“Yeah, I was up early , wanted to talk to your surgeon. He seems to be well prepared” he said and Tony looked on worriedly
“yes,but one step at a time right? Together?” he asked
“Ow!” He whined trying to rub the sore spot and Steve rolled his eyes pulling him closer and sitting him on his lap.
“Asshole" tony finally whispered and steve choked on his spoon before setting it on the tray and quickly put the tray aside. He grabbed at the comforter pulling it away exposing Tony’s upper half and Steve leaned down to trap him there and Tony’s breathing got faster as Steve inched closer to those plump lips
“I don’t want to be the reason you get hurt or worse….I don’t know what I will do with myself if I am the reason that something happens to you"
The team spoke quietly as steve continued brushing his hair, lulling him to sleep. He fell into a restless sleep just as they ran out of random topics to discuss, because they knew talking anything important would only have tony more alert.
“clint , tasha can you get some cool cloths? And maybe find me a thermometer.?” They nodded silently slipping out of the room.  “Thor can you help us hold Tony, we need to get his suit off” thor and steve carefully and ever so gently propped tony up as Bruce carefully slid his blazer off and took of his tie leaving him in his dress shirt and suit pants. Steve quickly untucked his shirt from the hem  of his pants before undoing the buttons on his shirt moving it aside to give Bruce access to listen to Tony’s chest with his stethoscope.
“how the hell did you think you could keep this from me?” Steve asked as he threw the file that Bruce had given him after lunch on tony. There was a picture of the teen, he was not more than twelve years old in it and it only made Steve more angry to think this child had to grow up without his parents.
Tony didn’t move to leave as expected and pepper and Rhodes were talking to him in hushed tones while tony only ignored them. After a few minutes , pepper sighed looking behind at Steve resignation and worry masking her face. Steve nodded at her and she seemed to understand immediately as she whispered something in Rhodes ear and they left silently leaving the two of them alone.
Natasha never showed open affection, and this instance was a real opener to him. She was definitely rattled with what happened today and Steve as a good team leader had to pry into it sometime soon.
“These people who did this to you..”
“Well..” tony pushed away to look at Steve and he gave him a questioning look
He mumbled something that resembled "rumlow" and Steve saw red. The wood under his palm cracked and clint patted him on the back to calm him down.
“Tony go to class , I need to speak with bruce" he said trying very hard to calm himself down and with Tony here to remind him why he was so angry it was not helping
“But you are okay?” tony gave half a nod
This kid was going to be the death of captain America for sure.
“I know I was angry yesterday when I saw you three at the bar.  But I am letting this slide, because and only because I know there was a situation that may excuse it . Just this once.” He said the last part glaring at Tony and Tony curtly nodded his head once.
“nope"
“What happened? Did someone hurt you?” he asked as he gave him a quick once over but found nothing more than a few grease stains here and there.
“Just for tonight and we can talk all you want tomorrow okay?” he told his kissing the bare skin st the junction of his neck and shoulder. Tony shuddered at the feeling and Steve warned him up by running his palms along his arms.
Clint smiled brightly at that knowing that phil was saying he was in on whatever they decide to do and having Phil help them was in itself like a victory.
“You just listen to his heart okay honey? He is right here with you, nobody is going to take him away from you and if anyone tries , he will have to go through us first.” She said and Tony’s breath hitched just as the tears began to fall.
“I was worried after you both fought the morning after….” Tony  squirmed uncomfortably realizing that natasha probably knew about the sexual abuse.
Steve couldn’t eat, he couldn’t sleep. Bucky was sitting on the edge of the couch, still not looking entirely sure of himself or his surroundings. It had been seven hours since Tony had come knocking on his door. Steve needed to make sure Tony was alright but he couldn’t leave Bucky here in this state. He just really hoped Tony was okay, his stomach was yet to settle from the look on Tony’s face. He had looked absolutely terrified and stuck somewhere between wanting to run to Steve for protection and needing to run away from them for fear of his life. All Steve could now do is wonder if stane was right, Tony’s life just got a whole lot complicated because of Steve. But even complicated is fine, what was not fine was that tony seemed to be in constant danger because of Steve and Steve was starting to hate himself for it.
Sorry for the late update!!
“Mr. Stark , you are injured, please sit down.”
"where are Thor and Tasha?" Bruce asked. "Thor is with Jane. Natasha is at shield,she had lunch with the shield team." oh that's right! Steve and Nat had gone to shield for some training. "Why didn't you eat with them Steve?" I asked him puzzled as to why Steve drove all the way back just for lunch.
“Don’t put pressure on his chest, he is still on morphine, he won't realize even if it is hurting him" steve nodded as he carefully lifted his lover into his arms but instead of carrying him like he normally does , steve picked him up bridal style and held him close .
“No I am not, and that’s exactly what I am saying Tony. I don’t have a hand in this decision .” the moment Steve said it, you could visibly see the fight in Tony leave. His body sagging against his chair he covered his face with his hands , elbows on his desk as Steve waited , giving him some time.
steve was now very concerned, he was obviously not okay , his hand was worse than it had been yesterday and Steve was already contemplating taking him to a hospital.
I felt hands lowering me into the chair I had previously occupied.
“no I’ll catch a cab. It’s not all that far"
Steve quickly pulled out some of his clothes that Clint had given him this morning , and managed to get them on tony. They were much too big on him and shorts were too large but it would have to do.
“Thank you” he said breathily like he was in wonder of Steve complimenting him. He used one hand to cup the nape of Tony’s neck to make him look at Steve.
“Tony” he tried to stop him but he was a man after all and he was getting very distracted very quickly. But the moment Tony’s shirt came off and he bent down to nip at Steve’s neck , he flipped them around so he was hovering over the teen , Tony’s back pressed flush against the bed.
"Tony! Are you okay? Did the radiation affect you underneath the armor?" what? Oh yes, squiggles!
“Its like an infinite power source, but limited to a small outlet. So it will fit into the reactor well.” Tony said and he knew there was a lot more to it and that Tony was dumbing it down for him.
“thunder God! Let’s go my man" he said dragging a duffel bag with him. But Steve seriously doubted if there were any actual domestic necessities in there.
"mm-?"
“You and me" he said smiling sweetly but still managing to blush shyly.
He wished he had asked tony why he insisted on going back everytime. Now he had wait until Tony was willing to talk about this again.
“I am sorry it hurts, we will get you something for it okay?” Tony nodded and Steve brushed his hair off his forehead thinking that it had gotten long really fast.
“Buck, I wanted to. But I know I couldn’t have done it, I cant hurt you.”
"fury can brief us on the way" Thor nodded already excited of the battle and jumped onto the quinjet.
They spoke for a while, but things were still rushed. But the surgeon seemed very confident and capable of pulling this off. He also seemed to have done his homework on the reactor which made steve feel like he was the right man for the job.
“I am not going home.”
“Tony, come on. You need to tell us what’s going on or we cant help you.” Rhodey was saying and pepper glanced at Steve as if to say, please help him. And Steve nodded and pepper whispered something in rhodeys ear and they both silently left the class leaving Tony and Steve alone.
Tony stiffened at the name, clearly not happy and he crawled back towards Steve who opened his arms for him.
“Long night" he said as Bucky handed him a beer.
“I need to see him Tasha”
"it's not my fault, the bed was extra warm yesterday" I said running my hand up and down Steve's thigh under the table. He blushed a bright red, pecked me on the lips and got up from his chair.
Tony' POV
“good , “ and suddenly he looked up and grinned “I signed up for basketball today"
“Yeah, steve I am sorry.” He said lower lip jutting out like he was going start crying but Steve didn’t give him the chance to
“don’t you dare talk to me about risks, don’t you dare.” Steve has never seen fury not take the upper hand in an argument , especially when the other was yelling. “my boy is lying on a hospital bed, do you know what it feels like to get a call saying he was injured in a bomb blast?” Steve flinched
"Tony!" Steve put his mug down on the nightstand and rubbed my belly. "how are you feeling?"
“I told him I didn’t know what he was talking about and that seemed to annoy him more. He said he was done being nice and I woke up to this.” He gestured to the team around him.
“I will not intervene , if you think you can handle it . Do you think you can do something about it before I am back?” Tony nodded his fingers moving to Steve’s shirt and he held onto the material like a death grip.
“Unlike some of us, I actually went to see a doctor” tony scoffed raising an eyebrow at him
“I know what I am doing" he said and the used one hand to tuck Tony’s face against his neck and spoke quietly to him
“I am serious" he pouted but Steve didn’t give in
“I am telling you nat this kid is just different. He is a genius, and even though he's been in this school less than a month he’s already one of the most popular kid in this school.”
“That’s not all bad, it means his recovery rate will be better. His body can cope better" that was valid but this was his Tony.
The elevator opened "sir, your floor" Jarvis said as if he too thought there was something wrong with me. "I am aware, Jarvis" I spit out walking into my room to find steve and bruce standing in the middle of the room ,steve holding my black sabbath shirt in his hand, and discussing something with the utmost sincerity. They both turned around immediately as I entered the room, steve, immediately walking towards me and reached for me. I pushed his hands away and walked towards the bed still in my party dress shirt and pants and quickly snuck under the covers.
“I need all the intel on stane that we have and I need you here yesterday” he cut the call dropping the phone before he broke it.
His face was drawn in like he was stressed, eyes closed and mouth open as he took shallow breaths. His head was tipped to the side lying on the edge of the tub.  It took a moment for Steve to understand that Tony had fallen asleep here and the blood was from his wound which would have probably reopened because the steri strips didn’t stick just like he had thought.
A confirmation Steve never thought would ever be true. Because Howard’s little boy died in the car crash with his parents 15 years ago. Steve was there for the funeral. A year after which Steve had crashed his plane into he arctic.
“They are very cool" he said and Steve pushed him back gently backwards until he was laying down and Steve hovered over him , keeping his weight off of him.
“steve”
“I can skip,  but I don’t want to talk to you” he said stubbornly not looking at him
“He wanted to go home, I let him go" he earned a dubious glare from her and he shrugged his shoulders pulling one of the files towards himself.
"okay, but how does it matter if it's stored in the same form?"
“Thanks" Steve smiled and let go of Tony completely and turned away hiding his relief as he saw Tony’s hand replace Steve’s hand where it had been on his chest and followed him out of the room.
“Okay" he sighed “thank you" he whispered and Steve couldn’t help but run his thumb over the already bruising skin on Tony’s shoulder.
“Please, I don’t want it. I’ll do the IV I swear , but I can’t do the other thing please steve" he begged and Steve’s heart broke as he felt himself shaking his head and watched Tony’s eyes flash with fear as Steve approached him.
“No I have to go home" he said hurriedly looking suddenly afraid as he looked around for his discarded bag and shoes.
“Noo" he whined but Steve could see the blush that was slowly spanning his shoulders and neck.
“ Tony hey, look at me.” he spoke as calmly as possible.
By the time Steve finally laid his eyes on the teen , he was pent up with nervous energy which he had realized was just the need to see for himself that Tony was okay because now Steve knows what was happening at his home and that he was going to be feeling this everytime Tony was at home.
“what is that?” he asked pointing to the bags by Steve’s feet and Steve picked them up and handed them over to him and Tony took it eagerly like a child on christmas morning and Steve couldn’t help but wonder what kind of christmases and birthdays he had been having all his life.
But he understood the next moment why she had done it when Tony took a step closer towards Steve and the weight on his shoulders lifted.
“Honey, come on. You know you agreed to it all when you agreed to the surgery" he said plainly and Tony looked at him puppy dog eyes and pout full force
“Yup"
“that why Clint refused?” Phil nodded before continuing
“come here, Tony “ he said as evenly as possible and Tony shook his head no
“Why?”
“I was at the funeral, three bodies were buried that day” Steve could feel the tremble that went through his fingers and he clenched them as tightly as possible to keep it from showing.
“Absolutely, anna you rest up okay honey? Your parents will be here in no time" she said before leaving to making the call
"What happened Tony?" He asked instead
“you don’t have to do this” Steve pulled the teen to him, holding him tight. Tony’s head tucked just under his chin , he could feel the slight tremors going through his spine.
Tony's POV
“okay okay, here cheeseburgers for you, salad for the beef man” he said handing it out to them.
He was wheezing and every breath he took sounded painful and he was swaying where he was kneeling on the floor and Steve knew he was seconds away from passing out.
“Tony, I need you to look at me please" this time Tony did open his eyes and his pupils were blown and Steve leaned forward capturing his parted lips , letting the moans die in his throat.
Steve closed his eyes taking a deep breath, trying to relax his clenched jaw muscles. Standing up he reached for the sweatshirt and dropped it back on Tony’s lap and Tony moaned at the small friction it created “come with me” he said lending a hand for Tony to grasp.
“Do you have any idea what this attire is doing to me Tony?” Steve said his voice low against Tony’s ear before he dropped a light kiss just at the corner of his lips.
He seemed to really consider the question while he bit his lip and then suddenly before Steve could comprehend,  tony threw his arms around steve and buried his face into his chest.
“Just fucking don’t” he said holding his hand up and Steve did shut up because Tony looked downright devastated and angry
“He still not sleeping?” he asked as he sat across him
Tony looked absolutely miserable sitting in the corner, his face was flushed and he looked a lot younger than his age. He shuffled a little trying to get comfortable before giving up and slumping back again against the wall.
“can you breathe for me?” Tony looked like he was zoning in and out of reality still processing things.
He knew that this relationship was going to be different from his other ones. Tony was a lot younger than him, he had to be patient with him. Especially with the abuse and such, steve knows and yet he had failed him.
“What did he give you tony?do you know what it was?” Tony shook his head no looking more uncomfortable as all all eyes turned on him.
“Steve"
The summer came to a quick stop as he pulled into the parking lot of the school , his motorcycle sporting a few new upgrades. He was in a way glad to be back at school, a few things he had honestly missed and one of those things was currently walking towards him as he waited at the front office for the lovely lady to hand over his schedule for the year.
“Tony! Are you okay? What happened buddy?”
“I feel weird" he said as he scratched at his throat and Steve nodded
Steve couldn’t take his eyes away from the blue light that hit his eyes the moment the bandage came off. Bruce kept an eye on steve as he carefully cleaned the skin around the reactor. It’s the first time Steve has seen it, he knows what it does and he thinks he knows how it works from what Tony’s told him but actually finally looking at it made the hair on his skin prickle.
Fifteen minutes into french revolution Tony was listing against rhodey eyes closed his pencil slipping from his hand and falling to the ground. If Steve didn’t know the situation, he would have been irritated with the student and probably woken them up in an embarrassing way to make sure that he or she she doesn’t  fall asleep in class again. But for now Steve pretended that he didn’t  notice it and completed his class. Tony didn’t even stir as the bell rang. Thankfully pepper and rhodey were also aware that something was going on between them but they never mentioned anything out loud so far and just gave Steve a questioning look as if asking if they should wake him up or not. Steve nodded his head no , and went back to sit at his desk as everyone quickly packed their bags and left for gym. Tony was anyway excused from gym for a couple of days so Steve figured there was no point waking him up.
"Are you sure?You seemed pale before the shower as well today, tony" Steve's over-concerned voice said. "I am fine, really.I need to head down to the lab now,widow's bites need an update."
“you are okay, take some deep breaths. Come on" he shuddered as he sucked in the abundant air like someone would take it away from him if he didn’t use it.
“Steve , listen to me. He is still young. He hasn’t had any real family, he is probably clinging on to the last shreds of what he had with stane. After all stane did bring him up and it is for sure been hard on tony but trust me , whatever you did was for the right causes. For all we know if you didn’t intervene then Tony would be  bruised and bleeding elsewhere.” He swallowed knowing what Clint was saying was true but he still felt awful.
“Feeling better are we?”
His eyes scanned the dark room for the threat and he startled badly when he noticed something move only slightly on his right but his fear of self preservation turned quickly into need to protect as he realized tony was the one who had screamed.
“Okay bud, hop on.” He said patting the bed and Tony took an uneasy step towards the door, and Steve took his hand and walked him to the bed. He sat down his feet stayed firmly on the floor while Steve toed his own shoes off and sat down beside him.
Tony was squirming and whimpering by now and Steve was only at two fingers.
“Yup"
“What are you feeling?” he asked as he slyly extended his thumb downwards towards Tony’s wrist feeling for his pulse. Steve could immediately feel how erratic it was and he frowned concerned.
“do you really think pepper is good for me?” he asked with a hint a sadness.
“can you let them know that I will call them back? I need to finish with this first. “ he said
“Honey, you have to tell me what’s wrong or I cant help you" Steve tried again but Tony just scooted closer to Steve.
He is generally obnoxiously loud to be the voice of every room he is in.
"All he had were peanuts at the bar" Bruce, you traitor! I made a face in the general direction of his voice.
“Tony eyes on me, sweetheart” he said as he palm his cock firmly and Tony looked up at him reluctantly “I promise it’s okay Tony, it happens to everyone okay? Let’s take this off huh?” he said pulling the sticky cloth down to his knees .
“They left some scrubs for you, why don’t you change into them?” Steve said motioning to them.
“I am not giving up on him, I just don’t want to see him get hurt because of me."
“No honey,  there's nothing to be sorry for. In fact I am sorry that I didn't realize what was going on sooner.”
“Steve. Come back to me, hey!”
"All better now!" I declared as I gave them an explanation "the shower was too hot,my blood pressure probably dropped"
“I know it seems like there are a lot of secrets people are hiding from you, I know what that feels like. But sometimes you have the understand that they are only holding information back to protect you” tony frowned at him not liking what he was being told.
“Right, I’ll see you in a few"
“Thank you" he said politely and sat down at the table where Clint placed some pancakes in front of him
“Okay baby, now pay attention to what I am saying, Can you do that for me?” he asked as he watched him struggle to comprehend.
“I am tired” he grumbled trying to sink inside the covers hiding from Steve.
“are you up for some breakfast?” Steve asked tony
“Okay that’s enough. Come here” steve for once was very glad to use his strength and pick Tony up and dump in the water. Well, carefully , gently dumped.
“Yeah,”
“fine” he scowled “but I really am not able to sleep. Let’s go out ,for coffee!” he said grinning as Steve played with his hair.
He kissed him , soft and gentle ,tugging on his lips until they parted for Steve. He shifted so he was sitting on his knees and tugged on Tony’s shirt until he let Steve pull it up over his head, the sound of metal echoing in the room along with Tony’s ragged breathing as Steve pushed him back to lay down on the bed.
“Not hungry right now” he mumbled and sneaked a quick look at natasha who was pouring Gatorade into a glass.
"Were they always drunk , even when it was something you did that made them angry?" Tony nodded against his neck letting Steve thread his fingers through the finger tips that were peeking out of the green bandage around his wrist and palm.
“Okay , let’s go guys"
“Yeah, we had thai” he said quietly
“That doesn’t make me feel any better either. Can’t they send someone else? Why cant Clint or tasha go?”
“Why don’t you lay down for sometime” he suggested
"All done!" I said stepping off the the station.
“I am not an imbecile, I can sit on a bike” Steve held back the urge to roll his eyes at the teen
“Don’t coddle me"
“is that what he tells you? That this is normal?” Tony jumped, trying to pull him hands away. Steve only let go of the injured one. He mumbled something and Steve had to remind himself to take deep breaths.
“I feel like no one can hurt me when you hold me like this" Steve’s extremities suddenly went cold and he pulled Tony away so he could actually look at him
Steve had to distract this conversation before it could hurt him more so he quickly asked “what class do you have next?” Tony checked his watch and hopped off the desk gathering his books and his bag
“I should ask you that. Let’s go have a bath okay? Then we need to head up to shield" he told him and Steve wondered if he had understood what Steve had meant by ‘let’s go have a bath’
He gave me an apologetic look before nodding to Natasha, she pushed the sleeve on my shirt up to reveal my bicep and Steve's hand rubbing up down stilled holding my arm tight. I squeezed my eyes shut and voila! Next thing I knew Steve was saying "good job Tony!" "It's over" and Bruce had already discarded the offending object from my sight and was settling back into the couch next to me giving me a warm smile.
“this is why you listen to us when we tell you to eat and drink on time, which you apparently blatantly ignored”
“Close your eyes” tony propped himself up on his forearms on Steve’s chest, looking at him smugly “what?” Steve asked
He sighed rubbing a palm over his face and settled in waiting for Tony to wake up.  He didn’t last even fifteen minutes before he had to move to the bed and embrace the teen as he slept on.
I jerked out from under the covers. Steve startled and moved to stabilize the mug he had picked up again .But Natasha was quicker and calmer she put her hand around my neck pulling me back into her embrace. " you are okay Tony" she said softly.
“Stop it Steve.” He groaned pulling back from him  and then took his face in his hand a squeezing it. Steve looked at him , not sure where this was going.
“It was not obies fault” he said frowning at her
“-teve!”
“Wow" he said in awe as he ran his fingers across Steve’s pectorals and then to his surprise he leaned forward and kissed the skin just below his right  nipple.
Steve’s body went rigid underneath and Tony didn’t dare breathe afraid of what Steve’s reaction was going to be. He kept his eye ls on his fingers dancing on Steve's arm as he saw natasha get up dropping the bottle on the table in his peripheral vision.
But I am not giving up!
“You are not the monster Steve, I promise you never hurt me and I know you will never do so” he said into Steve’s shirt while Steve held on steadfastly to the now trembling teen.
“Buck-"
Apparently no one believed me as Bruce's hands were suddenly all over my face and saying things like "he looks pale ,does he looked flushed to you?" I whined trying to get away from Bruce's attempt to get a pulse read from my wrist while Steve just held me tighter and said "this is why you don't skip your salad" and brushed his fingers through my hair.I looked up to glare at him but the concern and worry on his face shut me up and was more the reason to brush this off before it got his teammates too worried.
Steve skimmed his hands upwards thumbs brushing the perfect nipples and Tony stiffened just as little as Steve put a little pressure into the touch
“Are you okay with me seeing bucky?” he shrugged immediately like it didn’t matter but Steve knows how much it matters.
He pondered that thought for a while as Tony’s breathing evened out enough for Steve to believe he had fallen asleep. He kissed the top of his head just about to ease out from under him when there was a soft knock on the door and tony startled awake almost tipping over.
He was also concerned about the injury now, but tony had been walking around normally and had never shown an outward sign of discomfort. He was pulled from his chain of thought when the door was pushed open and Natasha poked her head in , waiting for an indication from Steve that it was okay for her to come in.
“You were bleeding” he said eyeing Steve’s chest, and Steve sighed as he reached up to pull him closer again surprised at how he relaxed the moment Steve wrapped an arm around him.
“What is it?” he asked moving to place the bowl away but Steve just guided the bowl back onto his lap before he could set it down. Thankfully tony didn’t even notice and just took another spoonful.
“he has a friend, Rumlow” he muttered and they both leaned in a little closer
“Sorry tasha I am really -"
“I see someone is feeling better this morning" steve told him as he felt Tony’s hold around him tighten.
“why? Are you planning to stay up until I come back?” he asked sarcastically and Tony apparently was in no mood to decipher that
His classes were the same, kids would come he would spout great things of the past, they would chuckle at his lame jokes, yawn at the boring parts and groan when he gave them assignments and homework. Nothing had changed , well maybe except for the new kid , there was something about him and Steve couldn’t put a finger on it yet.
Steve groaned, not wanting to deal with the man. He was a familiar face for sure, what being a famous business man but that didn’t make Steve feel any comfortable.
“hmm"
“Don’t give me that look, if it gets infected you will be the one to suffer" he said showing him the cotton swabs
"I don't need to go to medical! I am fine, see?" "I am just tired, and I was drinking at the party, I just need to sleep it off!" I pushed off the couch feeling dizzy almost instantly but I pushed the feeling away as I walked past Nat and Clint into the elevator.
“you will be okay” he whispered as he backed away from the teen.
“Okay , so there are some pieces of information he has and some he doesn’t. We have to figure the moments we discussed them and what was common during those times or who” natasha said already thinking back .
Her entrance was accompanied by a smirk followed by an annoyed scowl when she saw the scene in front of her.
“Okay, calm down steve. Important thing is that Tony is going to be okay” natasha said calmly and Steve turned to glare at her
“give me my pants back" he asked trying to push him away and Steve took the ice pack away looking down to just make sure once again that Tony was okay.
Steve wasn’t particularly disappointed  at how this conversation had turned out but then again he hadn’t exactly expected something else.
“We are going to help him Steve, but you can’t act like this. Not in front of him” Steve nodded , still miserably failing to calm down
”it was someone’s fault then, so tell me who it was” she demanded. She could be scary when needed and Steve was afraid tony would shut down.
He sighed as he listened to the ringtone as he waited for Tony to pick up his call. But apparently Tony was ignoring him now.
Steve ignored her comment and instead asked “what are you doing here? I thought you had a mission report to write?”
As a publicity stunt, fury had ordered the avengers to donate blood ,which was why we were all here in the city hospital with cameras following us as we entered the hospital wing for the donation. Clint and natasha were so excited ,I didn’t understand why getting pricked and literally having  things sucked out of you was in any way entertaining. But hey, it was for a good cause after all. Thor was besides himself even though he had no idea what a blood donation was ,but fury had promised him biscuits and pop tarts. Bruce on the other hand was sullen, he was afraid the other guy would not appreciate this particular event as much . And then there was Tony, head held high, smirking at the cameras , walking with as much swagger as he could muster. But what gave it away, was the fingers of his right hand ever so subtly playing with the end of his blazer. He was nervous for some reason , but hid it well enough from the watchful eyes of the media.
He slipped on some thing comfortable and made his way back over to Tony’s room only to run into fury on the way.
“you can take that up with bruce.” And tony pouted but steve smiled as he rearranged tony so he could kiss him on the lips.
“day one of week two , I was captured. I was held in shackles for one week with no contact whatsoever.” He saw Clint frown and continued
He waited a few seconds before turning towards his team worried
“oh? everything is fine now? Is that why you decided to let rumlow slip you drugs and get handy with you? Is that why you got drunk the moment after? Is that why you have trouble letting anyone touch you without it sending you into a panic attack?” steve was so angry he didn’t even care that he was screaming and that Natasha had all but run back into their room standing at the door ready to interfere
Steve’s left hand travelled up to cup his neck while he let the other to inch down Tony’s pants.
“well , he and Tony probably had quiet the night then huh?” Steve smacked Clint with his pillow before getting up and and pulling his robe around his shoulders.
“Claims to want to be there for his godson while he is being operated on.” Steve’s eyes snapped up , maybe they had made a mistake after all. He couldn’t feel his legs as Clint guided him to a bench.
“ I was afraid for both of you in that moment . Bucky could have very easily killed you in that second” Tony winced and drew back a little
“Okay ,kitchen stat.” nat said looking at Steve in a no nonsense tone and then she said to Tony “honey, I need to talk to Steve about something so I’ll really appreciate it if you kept yourself busy for a while” see now that scared him, she never spoke directly .
steve wanted to argue and say that he was more than capable of protecting the teen. But there was a a whole new sense to the word protect now that he had confirmed that tony was indeed Howard’s son. He was actually the one year old who had wrapped his fingers securely around Steve’s index finger trotting around Howard and Steve while they were at the mansion.
“yeah, I-  tony is refusing medical treatment? You said he was fine” he said pointing to Clint and he received a defensive stance from him
“Tony, hey wake up" I said lightly tapping his cheek. He stirred a little , a small whine escaping his lips.
“I am perfect , thank you" he said politely but then turned to glare at Steve as the doctor chuckled. He leaned back against the door frame and shrugged his shoulders at Tony apologetically.
“actually I wanted the billionaire itself, not the money. So I though hey there he is, let me grab him!”
He made a pit stop in the cafeteria to buy a sandwich and some soda. He didn’t like the way tony looked and wanted to get some food into him asap but just as he entered his class room his heart stopped for a second when he found it empty. Irrational fear gripped him as he went in and out of the adjacent empty classrooms looking for the teen before he realised that he had let his class out early that it was now time for the next class and Steve knew tony had gym after his class.
“escort him outside, I don’t want you leaving his side for even a second. We will meet you once this is wrapped up.” He commanded
Thank you for reading!! Stay safe :)
“oh, okay, just give me a sec" tony said easing off his jacket before handing it out for me to take.  I folded it neatly and placed it on the chair he was sitting on before heading over to thor who was already eating away all the snacks. “you know thor, the snacks are for after donating  blood" I said grabbing some juice and biscuits that had jam between them.
Tony visibly swallowed before nodding and Bruce sighed in relief. Which made steve think the palladI’m poisoning was actually at it’s worse.
“Because I want to say yes and I know it’s the wrong answer” Steve’s heart tugged at the admission and he took a moment trying to exactly decipher how to handle this. Tony watched him the entire time , he looked even more troubled than he was before admitting it
“Can I touch you?” Tony nodded jerkily and Steve quickly reached out to unbutton Tony’s top few shirt buttons and pried his fingers away holding them to his own chest. He took an exaggerated breath prompting tony to do the same
Not that Tony couldn’t have done it himself,  but steve liked taking care of him and he took the opportunity whenever possible because Tony normally whine at being fussed over.
“I missed you Tony” he said trailing kisses along his jaw while Tony wrapped his legs around Steve’s waist pulling him down lower.
“No tell me what happened, why is he so mad at you? I have been noticing the way he talks to you these two days but I didn’t know for sure”  steve sighed ,maybe tony wasn’t as out of it as they had thought.
“yes, I let you.” Clint said sticking his tongue out
“Agent romanoff and Barton are in the locker room of the gym in the basement.”  Steve smirked at him folding his hands “ what if I wanted to ask you something else?” he asked raising an eyebrow but Phil still wasn’t amused ,infact he didn’t even look up from the stack of papers he was going through.
But in that moment Tony did something that Steve was not expecting, he raised his arms up wrapping them around his neck and for Tony to be able to rest his head on Steve’s shoulder he had stand on his toes so steve pulled his arm around Tony’s waist and gave him a little lift. The moment his toes left the floor he wrapped them around Steve’s waist clinging to Steve face buried in his neck.
“Tony, look at me please" he didn’t receive a response and Steve snuck a hand below the comforter and ran his hand up Tony’s leg until it reached his briefs.
Pepper and rhodey came by everyday. Steve made them visitor cards so they could walk in and out by themselves instead of one of them having to go and let the security know it was okay. Shield had a strict policy on people coming in and out .
“you with me now?” Steve asked and it took a moment before Tony nodded against him and natasha wiped his tear streaked face with a wet towel.
”he deserves better than this Clint, he’s only a child.” Nat rolled her eyes at him
“Let me hear you say it" he squeezed his wrist a little
“don’t want to hear it" he said walking away and Steve had to control his urge his roll his eyes a the dramatic man.
Did you guys like this version tony or the previous one? I don’t want him breaking down in front of Steve just yet.
“That’s why he has you,” clint said simply as he threw a square punch.
“Sir with all due respect, what’s done has been done. I believe we need to get to the matter on hand before we let something slip past us , that is not a shame we can afford to carry forward.”
"Come here" his head whipped up from the bowl to his face as Steve held out his arm for Tony. "I won't bite , come on" tony gave an unsure smile before forcing himself to move under Steve's arm.
Clint got along with the kids so easily , if he didn’t look older, people would have thoughth he was just part of the group.
“How do you know, you weren’t even here" he snapped and Steve sighed leaning over to kiss him while Tony tried to resist
“What now?” Tony asked finally relaxed that it was out in the open and that he didn’t have to hide it anymore .
“it doesn’t feel good" he cried as Steve held him close.
But currently steve was beyond seeing reason as he pushed away from the table and ran a hand through his hair . He didn’t see how Steve keeping information from him was relevant or even the same.  He was only trying to protect him and Steve was losing to his temper quickly.
He smirked, putting away the hall pass and continued stacking his papers when something dawned on him. If tony still had the hall pass with him, that meant he hadn’t actually gone to nurse. He had lied to Steve.
“Can you just make sure he waits outside , I would like to have a word with him before he comes in here" the agent nodded and left
tony mulled it over for a second like it was the hardest decision to make and nodded eyebrows scrunched up all serious
He quickly strode into the cramped space , dropping down next to his sick lover hands reaching over soothe his back .
“Discovered an element?”
“Does that mean I don’t have to do it?” he asked once steve released him and Steve laughed quietly.
“the colors are just an added bonus" he told Tony with a wink and he blushed so hard Steve almost hardened in his pants.
Steve thought after their conversation in the hallway and with Tony not showing up in his classes, there was something definitely wrong but the next day Tony showed up to class happy as ever even answering some of the questions Steve threw at the class.
And Steve’s mind did a flip annoyed that this kid was everywhere.
Steve shut the door close to his class, walking back to him as tony slowly and very reluctantly undid the buttons on his shirt.
“What?” he asked as he sipped his coffee and all Steve could think was if tony had a heart condition, the amount of coffee he drinks cannot be good for him. He took the mug out of his fingers and pulled him in for a light kiss and Tony blushed pushing Steve away,
"steeeve" I whined moving to the left in hope of finding his warmth again. I felt more hands on me
"I want to see this project done by friday and don't forget this will be counted for your finals" groans went around the room as Steve finished his class. He was actually in a good mood today considering he was up all night looking into a mission Coulson had sent him. He had handed it over to steve personally , requesting that he keep it hushed and when he saw the object of the mission he understood why.
"so, what happened to your reactor?" I asked him unable to hold in my concern any longer.
Five minutes later and someone knocked on the door, and Steve didn’t miss the way Tony tensed up before steve said
“I don’t care what attitude you show me but after everything everyone has done to make sure you are okay, you don’t get to go on a self hatred rampage and hurt yourself!”
“Guys I need to take care of something before I can make it, -"
Steve's POV
He hated himself for not realizing sooner, Tony’s pupils were blown and if only Steve had been more patient with Tony he would have realized sooner. He wouldn’t have subjected tony to have to wait for so long with an uncomfortable erection. He was also worried about what Tony meant by rumlow getting handsy.  How far had it gone? Was tony hurt? He had refused to take his clothes off and now Steve was worried.
He motioned for one of the junior agents passing by, "can you get him something to eat? And watch him. I will be back soon" the agent nodded suddenly tense, reading the room.
Steve had to remind him a few times to go slow or he would end up throwing up this as well and Tony scorned at him as he finished licking the spoon. He eyed the other cup which was meant to be for steve but at this point Tony might as well have that one as well.
Then there was tony, he came sauntering in along with fury, discussing something about the clean up crew. It looked like he had head home taken a shower ,cleaned up nicely . He looked his usual charming self under the suit he was wearing which covered most of him obstructing any view of injuries he may have sustained. He looked a little pale, his breathing raspy , which was highly suggestive of a chest infection he was already developing from his dive into the ocean. It had been about five hours since his fall , but with Tony’s compromised lungs he was always at a greater risk of developing lung infections.
He was wearing white briefs and Steve smiled but it immediately fell short when he noticed the red stains on the right bottom of hem of his briefs.
“Slow down baby I need to wipe with antiseptic” tony pouted at him
He had eaten a good dinner and woken up at sharp five am to do his morning run. He was feeling good and levelheaded as he swiped his card at the base watching the door slide open for the millionth time.
They spent the next hour just talking , the entire team was there and Tony finally seemed to relax a little. Only bruce occasionally went missing.
“We were just headed out to a friends place” he shrugged ,
“I need a little time to sort some things out in my head, I am afraid that I will snap again like I did yesterday and I don’t want to do that to any of you.” Tony gulped pulling his hands away
“Do you want to stay at the tower today?”
“Bruce come on, you can’t be serious" natasha said and he glared at her as well and she shut her mouth , that was a first too. Bruce’s anger apparently didn’t match any of theirs
“Hey" he said smiling at the teen as Tony seemed to finally come back to his senses and wrapped his fingers around Steve’s shirt.
“I am going to make a call and then you are going to show me where he hurt you. I need to know that you are okay. Do you understand me?” He said sternly , he needed to know and he couldn’t take anymore of the stalling.
Bruce handed him a towel and pointed to the showers “take a shower. We need to scrub in in less than an hour. I have to give him pre anesthetic medications” he said evenly , his mind was elsewhere Steve could tell he was more focused on what was going to happen in the surgery.
“my head hurts” Steve looked at him with sympathy and continued running his hand through his hair.
She froze at the doorway taking in the scene for a second and then broke into a smirk “Steve if you wanted the money you could have just asked us, there was no need to kidnap the son of a billionaire”
Because what they were suggesting was just absurd. He would know if his sweetheart had something lodged in his chest, because there would be a surgical scar or something. Also, tony would have told him. Not to mention,  tony was a healthy kid, save for the off late exhaustion which was obviously attributed to stress.
“You will all still do your homework and show it to mr.william tomorrow.” He said feeling bitter and he knew he was taking it out on these poor kids.
Steve pulled the shirt he wore over his head in one swift motion and Tony for a second was stunned at the physique and his lips popped open with an audible gasp
“Don’t go" steve carefully schooled his surprise and turned around looking at the teen
“I am going to go back to shield, find out what I can. You need to get back in there, he thinks you are mad at him.”
“ I really appreciate it thor, but don’t worry about it , you cannot be here every single moment of every time. Speaking of which , tony here has been very very excited to meet you" he said knowing that a blush would have already made it’s way across Tony’s face.
“What happened?” He growled as tony finally let him press gentle fingers along his torso to check for broken bone. Tony slapped at his hands when he pressed a little too hard.
“permanently out?” steve gave him a smile and Tony’s eyes brightened
“You okay buddy?” Clint asked as he crossed over and sat down on the edge of the tub and natasha and thor did the same sitting down at various spots but where Tony could see them.
I felt Steve nudging me more "you have to actually move tony. Come on, do you want me to carry you upstairs? " that woke me up.
I knew what was going to happen once the movie was over, I even knew the movie was only a distraction from the shot of iron that was apparently inevitable. Bruce had made that clear to me.
“How are you feeling shield brother? I heard you were quiet severely beaten up"
Steve didn’t know what he had expected , but it was not this ,Tony had been surprising him with his actions all day.
“Clint and I had a little bet going on to see who will take the least time to finish their mission. Obviously, I won. Loser does the others report.” She waved her hand off casually like fury wasn’t going to be pissed if he found out that they have been doing each other’s paperwork when they had no hand in the mission.
“That’s just fucking great!” He screamed and Steve winced at the tone even though he felt he deserved it. Before Steve could say anything Tony continued his words clear cut and anger filled
“Yup"
"Morning" she said "tony, we have some things we want to discuss with you"
He had expected him to keep arguing but something shifted in his emotions suddenly and Tony leaned closer to Steve seeking comfort from him for the first time as he only just realized the full extent of what had happened with him.
By the time both of them collapsed into bed after an exhaustive day Tony had extricated every but of detail possible from him about the mission and every time Steve tried to hide something from him like how dangerous the alien weapons they were dealing with were he would pout and sulk until Steve told him.
He nodded , took a few more breaths and followed her back inside. He didn’t know what to say but thankfully the others did the talking and he just sat there and listened as the truth came out .
He felt his eyes snap open, lights blinding him as he tried to desperately cling to the voice calling his name
“I am trying but you have to tell me what’s wrong” he asked again and by now silent tears were falling across his cheeks.
“ yeah , I am telling you ! She’s that good!”
Heading over to the shower, I brushed my teeth and took a quick shower, giving Steve a little more time to sleep before I woke him up. The shower burned my skin, probably because I forgot to ice it yesterday. The dizziness was coming back full force, I picked up some of the expensive lotion in the cabinet behind the mirror which I didn't even know existed and lathered it up on the burnt skin. Sighing with contentment from the coolness it provided I wrapped the towel around my waist stepping out the shower.
And surely, there it was.
“Obadiah stane, was Howard’s business partner” Steve was Howard’s best friend but he didn’t understand much of his business and his company. He had heard of the name often when they were both having a day to catch up and Howard would often complain about how stane wasn’t getting the point. The point of what , Steve didn’t know.
“Captain, I expect you to be more aware next time” fury was said as they left the conference room
“Tony was injured a week back and he refused to tell me what happened only admitted that it had to do with something outside of school, I need to know. Was he attacked? Is he being targeted by someone?”
“we need one more person" the nurse said already setting up for natasha.
He had been doing this a lot lately , he would walk past his class several times a day and probably thought Steve didn’t notice but Steve was trained to notice these things so he did. But today was the first time he had walked in looking for something and had shaken his head mumbling to himself and walked out.
“You know thor, not everyone is as shameless as you" natasha said and thor glared at her “not everyone have what I have to offer" he said puffing his chest the muscles contracting and Tony was starting to get distracted
"Yes we are fine. I mean not exactly" Steve's pulse picked up
“We will also do a chest x ray and last but not least , get him some nutritional supplements” he finished with a no nonsense tone and steve appreciated the way he mentioned the x ray without worrying Tony or he was just too focused on the blood draw that he hadn’t payed attention.
“Honey" he waited till Tony looked up his eyes softening at the fear on Tony’s face
“I need you to give me a word now" and then understanding dawned on him
“steve you gotta stay strong , tony needs you now more than ever” clint told him firmly and that’s when he realized that he was trembling where he sat. His hands were shaking,  rattling the mug. The tea was cold now as he placed it down.
“Cut it.” He ordered in the most orderly voice he could muster and he could hear the whiplash from Tony turning down to look at him.
“So you and natasha are together?” Tony asked bluntly, and before steve could answer natasha screamed in his ear through the comm link
“I have to finish this Steve, just wait for a second" okay steve was seriously confused now , he thought tony was tired enough to actually sleep through the night.
“Is he?” he started his breath stuttering still but natasha understood him as she did the same as Steve had done before ghosting her hand down across Tony’s pants and she nodded her head “he’s fine. Head to the recovery room by the med bay on this floor. Phil has a change of clothes and some blankets there for you.”
“Don’t go" he whispered as he pushed closer into Steve’s chest holding tight.
“Shall we go?” he asked as he swung his leg over his bike and pushing the side stand up and Tony nodded getting on behind him holding onto Steve’s shoulder for support.
“Don’t like it don’t like it" he chanted his teeth clacking together and Steve tried to get it over with as soon as possible not giving Tony any time to rethink it.
They will have to let stane make the first move here  regarding Tony’s living arrangements. If CPS came forward then they can claim abuse because they actually had Bruce as a witness this time round. That should buy them some time.
“I am going to put it in okay?” he told him but Tony didn’t look like he was tracking and Steve reached over put a hand below his neck , holding him there “tony?” his eyes landed on his after a few seconds
“Bruce told you?” he asked , his lips twitching to smile
“Yeah. Missed you too" before she could say something else Steve heard the distinct sound of his lover,though his voice sounded pained and hoarse.
Natasha came back a few moments later and Steve held his finger up to his lips and she smiled apologetically at him , steve was not sure why but he wasn’t going to ask her now.
“Tony. Hey stop , look at me.” But he didn’t stop ,he got off the bed pulling on his shirt.
“I got you baby,  you are okay" he whispered into his ear.
“Tony, just go to sleep.”
“Uhm, I am sorry. We really weren’t planning on it , but Tony called us and he seemed really upset about something and we just wanted to make sure that he was okay so we thou-"pepper rambled on nervously her voice edging on panic
“Tired?” he asked wondering if maybe both the run and the unexpected orgasm had overdone it for him. But Tony shook his head instead
“also I am not leaving the mansion , it’s not your decision” he said lips pursed and Steve at this point wanted to just go back to this morning where he was sleeping under the protective arms of natasha.
He pulled his gown up careful to keep him covered below the waist so he could see the expanse of Tony’s chest. His coffee brown nipples were perked up from the cold of the room and Steve bent down to drop a kiss to the center ,just above his heart.
“What are you thinking?” he asked as he crouched down to fix his shoes, but steve knew he really just wanted to see Steve’s expression for tell tale signs of something more than just emotions.
“Good , that’s good" Steve said smiling tilting his head back once again trying to clear his head.
"Steve said you haven't been sleeping well this whole week. You have hardly spent any time with the team at all. Bruce says you are hardly getting any work done when you are down at the lab. Jarvis told me you have been drinking more coffee than normal just to keep focused. Not to mention yesterday night and of course, let's not forget you fainted! Out of the blue. That's not normal for you tony."Nat said all in one breath it almost made me dizzy trying to process what she had spoken.
”I don’t want anyone to see” he said again adamantly and Steve sighed wanting to wrap his arms around tony and protect him from the sights of everyone.
,”what is it?” he asked his eyes shifting between Natasha and Bruce looking at the monitor and Steve .
Stane was here? He had no idea how to even handle this situation. They had been very careful to keep well within legal limits. To make sure CPS knew what was happening in Tony’s life, and bruce had even told him that the surgery was reported on a must basis and that they had given their go ahead.
Steve had changed into a pair of pants and shirt , casual and comfortable and Tony came out wrapped in his towel looking sheepish as ever.
steve was fuming, his ears were ringing and he wanted to smash something as he clenched his teeth and fists tightly.
“He’s small, and tender and I am afraid I’ll hurt him. He doesn’t know or understand the damage I could do to him” she wasn’t surprised to hear his answer
Steve understood some parts of it, like he didn’t want to appear weak in front of others. Steve was the same way, especially when he had come out of the ice he had refused to talk to anyone about how the future had scared him, how everything seemed so different and new . He had realized later that it was hard for him to speak to anyone about it because he didn’t trust anyone. That was until he met the spies and even that took a while.
“How was your summer?” he asked smiling as he adjusted his glasses.
“Okay sweetheart, there we go, you are being really good . Thank you" he said as he picked up the tube and without a moment of hesitation, pushed it in and Tony screamed,  trying to push steve away
“We can give him a mild sedative if required captain.” One of the doctors was saying and that was when he noticed that Tony was stubbornly trying to not let his eyes close even though he clearly looked downright emotionally and physically drained.
“We don’t know for sure but we think he may" clint said
It baffled steve how shy Tony was. At school tony was loud and loved the attention. He was crass with his words, an air of pompous attitude always surrounding him. But with steve ,when they were talking about intimate things he was especially shy.
"Sit here, don't move. I have a meeting in the room next door. We are going to talk once I am back. Do you understand me?" Tony didnt look up at him as he was pushed into a chair in a small conference room opposite to where Steve's meeting was happening. He didn't answer Steve. He stared resolutely at his feet.
“I am fine,” but before he sigh in relief Tony added a “for now" and Steve’s heart skipped a beat and his eyes wide
“I don’t know what to do with him anymore! I can’t and I don’t know what goes on in his head half the time. And I have enough on my plate right now. On one hand I want to help bucky and I don’t know how and on the other hand I want to help tony and I can and he won’t fucking let me!” he growled his breathing was too fast and he knew if he didn’t find something to occupy his hands soon then things were going to get broken in this room starting with his goddamn bed where he had touched an underage kid who desperately didn’t deserve him.
Tony's POV
“If you are in some kind of trouble you have to tell someone, it doesn’t have to be me. But please talk to someone” Steve said softly not wanting to push his luck anymore for the day.
“yeah, just need to walk it off.” He was feeling better just really needed a good stretch before he could help the team.
“Bed?” he asked softly as he ran a hand up Tony’s back just reassuring himself that Tony was fine.
“Hydra" at this point all Steve wanted to do was spend some time with tony , wrap his arms around him and just be in the moment.
He was shaking , teeth clenched tightly and just like that he broke. A hiccup that turned into tears as Steve held him tightly and let him cry it out. He didn’t calm down even when Bruce and the surgeon came in but something about the way bruce was holding himself told him that he had heard what Tony had just said to him.
“He will never tell me even if he wasn’t" steve said knowing it was true and that Tony’s fear of Bucky had just increased by a whole lot and not to mention his worry of losing Steve to Bucky. He laughed quietly to himself when he suddenly realized that natasha was right. Gentle Kisses and cuddles were not enough for what Tony puts up with him.
He took quick strides towards him and didn’t bother to slow his movements as he reached down and picked him up, remembering how Tony had said he felt safe when Steve held him like this.
“How about you and Rhodey?”
“A dang good job you have done so far!” he was met with silence
Steve chuckled and finally turned towards him , he used one hand to card through Tony’s hair once before kissing him on his lips softly.
“Bruce told me he has been failing his classes , how does that work when said persons IQ is higher than the class combined?” she asked , but what caught Steve’s attention was the person who gave her the information
“Cap,” he felt fingers tapping on his cheek and he wanted to slap it away but realized he couldn’t mo over his hands.
“bruce found this last night and was going through it ,simply out interest when we connected the dots.”
Steve blinked . Once,  twice  and “what?” he asked amused
“weren’t you supposed to be showering?” clint asked and Tony frowned at them
“okay" steve said squaring his shoulders “you are saying tony has a life threatening heart condition that he doesn’t know about, underwent surgery at the age of one, very conveniently after I went into the ice. And stane had Bucky murder howard and maria so he could get his hands on the tech?” he summed up and watched as the two nodded
“Tony?” he called softly not wanting to touch because Steve had seen that drawn out look on his face before and it could only mean one thing , he was having some kind of panic attack or nightmare judging by how he was asleep.
"But you are right, let's get ice cream to go" he said after a few minutes of tense silence from Tony's part. But this time Tony merely shrugged and Steve immediately felt guilty and he didnt even know why.
And Tony let a small whine escape his lips just to show Steve how miserable he felt all the happy feeling from before gone.
I tracked Tony down , he was sitting with Pepper and Rhodey and the rest of the team talking animatedly about something exploding. I walked up behind him and turned him around in his chair to face me "and then the ashes- Steve! I was just telling them about the purple monster we blew up the other day" I waved to pepper and Rhodey and they raised their glasses to me as a quick greeting. I looked back down at Tony and put my hand under his chin tilting his head up and kissed him hard.
As promised tony came back within half of an hour of waiting. He was carrying a tray of smoothies.
“you were kissing pepper just the day before.”
"No hey, phil no blood tests" steve took over and Tony calmed down . Clint leaned over and pulled the sweatshirt Tony still had wrapped around his waist. It came off easily but Tony gasped , a look of shame covering his face.
“Don’t do that" he chastised and Tony stopped immediately before perking up
"Tony, how's the reactor? Have you figured out how to contain the energy?" Nat asked chewing on her toast. "not yet, will work on it as soon as I am done fixing the armor" she nodded her head putting down the toast and turning towards me she asked "so, how are you really doing Tony? Steve said you have not taken your iron supplements since we left three days ago. Combined with the post battle fatigue, you have to be tired" Ah, there it was, the pills! I had completely forgotten about them. Steve probably saw them still on the night stand where he left them for me before leaving. That's why he was angry.
“I graded your paper today" he said watching Tony’s face for his reaction and all he got was an “oh"
“Thank you for showing me" he said kissing Tony’s forehead.
He felt like he had just fallen asleep when he was woken again by Bruce. If steve thought he was stressed, bruce looked worse. He was sure Bruce hadn’t slept all night, the team had let Tony and Steve alone for the rest of the night. He didn’t even know where the rest of them had slept, even if there were beds for all of them in Tony’s room.
He was flushed , his face pale and wet hair falling on his forehead.
“I didn’t , I wouldn’t.  He was just a baby” he said shakily “I wouldn’t recognize him, you have to believe me" and it looked like the last part was directed at Steve but he had nothing to offer.
“Oh" Tony said like it had just dawned on him and by now Tony had gone completely still his fidgeting had finally stopped and Steve could feel his rapid pulse beating against the palm that were holding both his wrists.
“Yes, it’s all ours. Except the weapons, that came after the collapse of hydra.” Ofcourse and that made even harder to catch him.
“um I don’t think so” he started and they watched as bruce fisted his hands tightly “but I cried because I missed him because he died and then he came back and I didn’t understand what was happening" steve knew this already but the looks on natasha and Bruce’s face were probably exactly what he had looked like when Tony had tried to explain it to him.
All of us just started at him as he finished his pop tart , watching for signs of anything we had missed. He pursed his lips ,and finally realized he was leaning against me and pushed away. I steadied him for a second afraid he would tip over again . My hand hovering around his elbows as he carefully lifted his feet off the pillows and placed them on floor ,and looking around for something.
“Where are you going? what is the mission about?” he asked excitedly and Steve was oh so happy to give him all the details.
“Steve, I swear to God if you hurt that kid there will be red on my ledger again and I wont regret it this time.” He heard natasha her voice clear as ever as Clint stood behind her his eyes glaring at him eith an intensity that could slice through apples.
“Captain, I was told to inform you that stane is here”
“look at that baby, you are really responsive to me huh?” and Tony whimpered bucking his hips forward towards Steve’s hand that was still barely touching.
“your dad, Howard ,was my best friend. I was best friends with your dad tony” he said hoping that would maybe steer him away from wanting this.
“Steve, what is the fascination you have for this new kid, I don’t get it.” She said breathily as she pulled on Steve’s shoulder to get him to spin around so they can change sides.
“ better than you would think, obie even said if I think this school is really the best option for me then I can continue. I don’t know what you guys did but wow , thanks!”
“You with me?” he asked as he studied his face for signs of distress.  Tony nodded trying to contain a yawn as he leaned into Steve’s hands and he twisted his neck to get the crick out of it. Steve rubbed his hand along the nape of his neck trying to help.
“are you okay?” he asked concerned reaching under the covers to run his hand over his body to check for any soreness.
“am I allowed to come over to your place?” he asked as Steve checked to see how deep the bruises were.
“you mentioned several times yesterday that you didn’t want to go with obie, is he the one hurting you?” Steve watched as tony shuddered , shock and fear flashing across his face as he stared at Steve’s hand beside him.
Tony shifted some more and Steve realized he needed something “what do you need?” he asked letting the other hand hover over him ready to help but Tony hesitated but eventually told him
“Okay, that’s okay. But if you ever need to , I am here” he said as he secured the wrap with the pins.
Steve knew  he was a teenager and emotions run wild so he had been careful around him trying not push any buttons. Shield agents still followed Tony around to keep an eye on him and that was enough to keep steve sane .
“except that these people didn’t know where he was staying" natasha pointed out
“what am I supposed to wear?” he asked scratching the back of his head. Steve tossed his other new underwear and Tony pulled it up beneath the towel and then let it drop onto the floor. Steve’s face flushed as he remembered last night and he pulled Tony to the bed and sat him down.
“No I am fine , clint is just pulling your leg okay?”
He muttered a few helpful things and Tony screwed his eyes shut tightly as he took deep breaths. He ran his gently through his hair as he watched his lover suffer through the pain. He knew just how much pain any kind of impact to that region could cause. Remembering rhodey mentioning that he had thrown up Steve left him sitting there for a moment while he could get him some water to drink.
“Obie has a best friend. Rumlow" Tony muttered but they heard it clearly anyway.
Steve pulled Tony back a little but the way his head just lolled forward told him that he was currently dead to the world.
He stood up brushing his pants holding a hand out for tony “come on” he said
”Steve! He,s bleeding! D-do something!” the voice was quivering and Steve could make out the fear in the undertones of it.
“I have been doing this for the past three days , why are you resisting now?” he asked raising an eyebrow and Tony only avoided looking at him in the eye.
“she wants to go to a boring art exhibit downtown, in a subway” he groaned while pepper just rolled her eyes at him . They were cute together, Steve thought.
“YOU are icky , the water is trying to fix that. Now stay still" he said as he poured water over his head and Tony whined through the entire process. He really didn’t know why this kid was so against taking a bath or shower.
“he’s going to be fine steve" Steve was disturbed from his thoughts as he sat along side Nat and Clint at the front of the quinjet.
“Obie says I have to go back to boarding school.”
"Because he's mad you sent him to detention" steve rolled his eyes . If he didn't want to be sent to detention then he should have behaved. "Why would you do that Steve, the poor thing is stuck in detention with his arch nemesis."
“Steve, is he going to be alright?” is all Bruce asked and Steve nodded
“I am sorry" he said fingering Steve’s collar and Steve kissed him till he seemed satisfied.
“He passed out,  I don’t -"
“maybe just this once I will be lenient” tony fist pumped the air and Steve rolled his eyes at him.
Steve could hear quite murmurs coming from inside and when he peeked through the glass on the door he could see Tony was awake, and natasha was talking quietly to him. He looked confused enough but when Steve walked in he relaxed a little bit against the numerous pillows they had put behind him to keep him comfortable.
"It's not an interrogation, we are only going to talk." Tony looked like he had been caught red handed and he nodded once before turning away from Steve to glance outside the window.
He carefully peeled Tony away from him before tugging on the robe and letting it fall to the bed. He was thankful to Clint for getting him a change of clothes so he actually had a pair of boxers to change into after his shower.
“you want me to go away so I don’t get hurt?” steve only pursed his lips looking away because he didn’t actually want the first part.
“YYo-.seve !” he pushed him away
“and I know you told me that people who hurt you are not family but I feel like I don’t have anyone and I-”
“steve come on man, give me some tips here" clint asked me. I just laughed shaking my head. “I am just the best, no tricks here.” Clint stuck his tongue out at me.
Steve had a pretty clear idea of what he might be dealing with here. But just to make sure he waited till Tony looked at him
“I don’t know what’s going on with you, but until you tell me ,we are not doing this” he said as he pushed himself away careful to avoid touching any part of Tony as he let go of his wrists and pulled up his pants over his now throbbing erection.
“Tony! Come on!” she shouted
“did he hurt you Tony?” He had to know, he wanted to see for himself actually but he didn’t think Tony would appreciate that today.
“What if someone comes in?” tony whispered looking back at the door and Steve nibbled at the tip of his ear before grinning and whispered in his ear “I locked door when you were sleeping.” As Tony shivered at the feeling he turned to straddle Steve on the chair his fingers locking around Steve’s neck “and what were you planning to do to me behind the locked door?" he dipped his head down as he trailed wet kissed along Steve’s exposed neck.
“About three hours” he said his voice straining and Steve took a sharp inhale of breath as he realized just how uncomfortable Tony must have been all this while.
“tony you are not five, I don’t have the patience for this . Please” he said his own irritation coming out and that was a bad move on his part because Tony conceded and walked out in front of him with Steve at his heels and the whole way down tony didn’t even look at him.
"Do you want to go back to sleep? Come on ill lay down with you." I guided him back forward. Nat moved her hands to undo his sweat soaked shirt. Once the shirt was off , I Pulled him with me to lay down. Nat brushed a kiss on tony's head and they left the room silently.
Finally Steve thought to himself as he wondered what he had gotten himself into ,his fingers gently carding through Tony’s hair as his breath evened out.
“Everything is okay sweetheart, you are okay.” He said as he took Tony’s searching hands In his own. Tony whimpered when the door to the room swung open to reveal a frazzled natasha followed by Bruce and some nurses.
“Today was an exception.”
"Because Bruce thinks you might be sick and we are taking you to shield medical" oh. On that note, where did Bruce go?
“Even you are not listening to me now” he whined and Steve suddenly realised he was right, he dropped his hands looking at the teen.
“Its not something you have to apologize for, I just want to know that I am not making anything worse okay?”
“When did it start?” he asked not wanting to pry but he really was curious. He had been so selfish since Tony, he hasn’t been giving attention to the others that matter.
“Hey kid,” she said and tony frowned reaching a hand up to rub the sleep out of his face and steve was glad he hadn’t heard any of their conversation.
“Okay, I’ll take you home. Do you have everything you need with you ?” he asked looking around for his bag which held his keys.
“can I have a hug?” he asked slightly opening his arms and his mind eased when Tony immediately turned to Steve and gave him a crushing hug. Steve caught Natasha’s smile at him over Tony’s head and she gave him a nod before leaving.
“Maybe" tony bit his lower lip, a smirk playing on his lips.
“ We are not aware of any such situations , but we can have team look around.” Steve nodded
But apparently quickly wasn't working for him today because just as he got up his vision blacked out and he felt himself pitching forward and someone grabbed him before he smashed his face into his unfinished plate.
"He's been really over working it,and his eating habits are getting worse." Nat said as she picked up the glass of orange juice tony had not touched.
“Okay okay, calm down sweetheart,  take some deep breaths for me come on. See I am putting it down" he said dropped the syringe with the local anesthetic and Tony looked at him with pleading wide eyes shining with unshed tears.
“we don’t know yet sir, he wouldn’t let us touch him.”
“How did you know?” Steve asked not really surprised , natasha knew everything .
”ow! stop it” he whined as Steve held his chin in place while shining the light at his left eye.
“Steve are you sure he doesn’t understand or are you just not believing him in trusting you that you won’t hurt him?” steve couldn’t look up to meet her eyes but she rubbed her thumb against the back of his hand.
“Uhm no…I have to finish this first” he stood on his toes trying to reach something over the microwave and Steve was getting more nervous by the second.
“I want to talk to bruce" he said jaw set and it took steve a moment to understand why.
“You have come this far Tony, do you want this the reason to be why you couldn’t go through the surgery? There are scarier things happening don’t let this be the thing that scares you. Come on honey” she said rubbing gentle circles on his back.
Steve found tony sitting on his desk, the papers Steve had been grading were now on the floor in a haphazard pile. But Steve was distracted by the way tony sat , his feet barely touching the floor , swinging back and forth as he typed away on his phone hardly noticing Steve’s presence.
“I am still sleeping!” he grumbled and Clint snickered as he sat himself down across from Steve and everyone was handed one mug of , tea, obviously what else would Bruce make
“Tony?” he called out softly, refraining from touching him but Tony didn’t stir so he reached out to rub slow circles on his back “wake up buddy" Tony startled awake and if Steve hadn’t wrapped an arm around his waist reflexively he would have tipped over from his chair.
He felt Tony push harder at his hands “wait they all know we are here?” he asked craning his neck away from Steve’s searching lips.
“Should I be jealous?” tony pouted at him knowing that Steve was teasing him. He was already feeling better, the shadow from the back of his head was clearing away the more he spoke to Tony.
"Bruce I think something's not right" Steve sounded panicked. I whined as Steve shook my shoulders in order to wake me up.
"it explains the fatigue, and the fainting"
“Steve, get back to the tower, tony is having a panic attack. I am not able to calm him down and I don’t know what happened between the two of you but he needs you . Now" and Steve was running at full sprint back to the tower before bruce was done speaking.
“I don’t want to go to boarding school” he said instead
“I am going check you over quickly and then we are going to talk” he said as he went into his bathroom to retrieve his first aid kit. It was stocked well considering his superhero status.
"Alright let's get this party started, shall we? "I said getting up from the stool and walking towards the crowd.
“ we will talk about it later okay? I am going to tell the doctors to come back in, so they can check you over now" he said as he reached over to press the call button deciding that Tony can change after.
"I am going to sleep" I told them both and shut my eyes.
“I don’t want him near stane or rumlow ever again.”
Somehow this wouldn’t have been so much of a problem to Steve but the fact Tony’s injury was in a place stane had no business being worried him to no end.
“And?”
As I walked into the common room I saw Clint perched on the arm of the sofa blowing on his hot whatever he had in his hawkeye mug. "Hey birdbrain,catch " I said to him as I threw my stark tablet at him that I was holding and watched him spill the hot (tea apparently) liquid all over himself trying to catch the tablet. Perfect aim,my ass. I smirked at his grumbled angry response about me being a man child as i walked into the kitchen to get myself a coffee as my morning was already feeling better after troubling Clint.
“I am okay , I promise,breathe for me” he said trying to coach him into doing so. Tony was shaking now, Steve turned to the two doctors behind him “can you give us a few minutes, leave the oxygen mask and a bowl with water to wipe his face with” he requested and he was met with his demands without question.
“Thanks" he said as he reached for the other one and Steve braced for the reaction “you got me underwear? Steve what the hell" he said pulling them out his nose twitching as he held up the pink ones.
“hi” she said softly and Steve froze “you with us?” she asked and then Steve knew he was awake but he waited a few more seconds to feel Tony nod sluggishly.
“Please Bruce,  he’s dealing with some things now and I need to know someone is looking out for him"
“tony, I need to ask. Look at me hon” the sudden softness to her voice made Steve and tony whip their eyes up to meet hers.
“I need you to sit up for a second okay ? Drink some water for me sweetheart” he said as he pulled him up and Tony snuggled into his chest like he didn’t want to lose the skin contact .
“Shut up” he said pouting at him his fingers were now playing the edges of his blazer
Steve was flabbergasted to say the least. He walked over sitting by Tony’s side,  his books creating a divide between them.
“what is the status on the winter soldier?” right to the point.
“You know stevie, Its nice to see you so protective over someone. He must be really lucky to have you" bucky said finally settling comfortably now that natash and Bruce had left. There was still a lot of tension between the two after the mention of Howard’s death but they will eventually get there some day.
“Tony, you need to wrap your ribs okay? you don’t have to go to the hospital, just go to the school nurse and she will wrap it for you.”
he iterated slowly folding their arms around Tony’s chest and just held him tight.
“just two?” he tried and nope, Tony was not having it he quickly got up and backed away from the bed as Steve fished out the suture material.
“something I can help you with Mr.stark?”
“Okay, what’s going on?” steve said finally his clear enough to understand that something was obviously not right here. Bruce and natasha had a very straight face, which itself told him it was not good news.
“Is this the first time?” Steve pushed and was met with silence and that answered it.
apparently tony thought everything was Steve’s fault this morning and Steve smiled , always he wasn’t freaking out yet.
“He’s smart, he knows how to hide things from people. The first time I asked him about it he lied to my face and I believed him"
"TONY!" that's not part of the lyrics to black sabbath? I turned around to see banner waving his arm for me to come over to his desk. "J,kill the music"
“Its okay for you to worry about me but it’s not for me to worry about you?” he asked his eyebrows scrunching forming cute worry lines across his forehead.  Steve smoothed the lines with his thumb
"okay let's go then, it's my turn to pick the movie! So let's make this fast!" he said trying to sound chirpy, but I could hear the tremble in his voice.
"I love you, you know that right?" he nodded yes "I just don't want to see you get hurt or let you run yourself down" he nodded again "I know" he said closing his eyes leaning into me.
Steve didn’t miss the look Bruce and Tony shared this time and when bruce patted Tony on his back and stood up Steve’s heart started racing at what was to come
Steve shook his head, “maybe some other time?”
He silently noted something down and turned back to them “have you experienced any shortness of breath? Fatigue? Or tenderness you have been feeling ?” He asked and Tony shook his head but Steve knew better
“was worried, I was constantly nauseous and -" Tony started but Steve scolded her “nat , he will be fine, leave him be. Now is not that time" even though he knew she was right.
“no, I promised tony I would be back in ten minutes” she nodded going back to reading
he said frowning, eyebrows drawn in tightly as he bit his lower lip.
“tony” he called as he approached the teen but he didn’t seem to hear him. He was watching the game intently and when steve got closer he realised he was watching Rhodes’ every move. Tracking him running around the court.
“I will let you know once I see him at school" bruce murmured something too low for Steve’s enhanced ears and didn’t comment further.
He gave one knowing nod to Steve and steve felt his heart drop as he gently wrapped an arm around Tony and pulled him closer.
“You guys will have five nights to talk about it.” He said and they nodded understanding that it really wasn’t Steve’s place to tell whatever the hell was going on. They then excused themselves to go to their lockers to retrieve their books before school started .
“You want to sleep here?” he asked as natasha came back and Steve saw the loaded syringe in her hand and gave a slight shake of his head telling her not to show it to Tony. She dripped the hand to her side casually walking over to them
"Can't what?" Steve tipped his chin up so Tony would meet his eyes , his pupils were pitch black.
“When you were pulled out of the ice, we reached out to him, asking if he would be willing to transfer tony to your school. We argued that you could protect him but he refused to give in. He believes whoever knew Howard personally would know the first place to look for would be with you.”
“I see we have a new student this year, care to give us an introduction? A little history into your life if you please” Anthony, Steve remembered ,looked flustered if only for a fleeting moment before he composed himself and stood ,a bright smile forming on his face and Steve immediately knew he was in trouble with this one.
Steve wrapped a hand around  Tony’s cock, stroking him and Tony's skin erupted with goosebumps as he lost it in less than twenty seconds as he came for the second time , eyes squeezed shut as Steve continued to thrust at a slow pace.
Steve kissed the back of his head wondering how to apologize “I am sorry sweetheart, you told me you wanted to sleep and couldn’t so we thought maybe we could help you a little.”
“he took quiet the hit today” natasha said as she walked up next to me ,her own wounds were weeping blood as she wiped them off with a gauze pad. I nodded pursing my lips unsure what to say, she placed a comforting hand on my back as we were joined by the rest of the team. Three hours later , after everything and everyone were tended to , fury called for debrief.
“Tony,  wake up. You need to sleep in a proper bed .”
If Tony still had the hall pass, then it meant Tony hadn’t actually gone to the nurse the other day. He had lied to Steve.
Natasha had told him he had done nothing wrong and to just let him be. But Steve was drowning in guilt , he knew most of his students immediate family or the necessary family history but tony was the new kid and he hadn’t had a chance to meet with his guardian yet on any school occasions.
Steve sighed, finally giving in and walking over to where tony was sat. He pulled up a chair and sat down in front of him.
He changed tactics this time, using a firm tone as he held up the syringe again, “see this? This is local anesthetic, there is no needle okay? Only the barrel” he said as he wiped around the head  of his cock with an antiseptic wipe.
“You think your boyfriend can’t spank you?” tony shivered and Steve smirked as he watched the blush reach his cheeks
"Has stane ever tried to stop rumlow from hurting you?"
“I know you don’t want to hear me say this but someone who has sexually harassed you is as a minor is not family” he said firmly.
“Have you seen Mr.stark?” he asked as a few students passed by them
He was completely out of it, only aware of Steve’s presence but not his ministrations as Steve wiped him down, and then pulled his cheeks apart gently to check for any tears and then wiped around it. He whined as Steve ran the cloth over the puffy red hole and Steve shushed him still talking to him calmly.
“Tony? Wake up sweetheart.” He whispered but Tony was dead to the world. So Steve shook him a little and called out a little more loudly . He did not expect Tony to react so violently to be woken up though, because one second Tony is sleeping and next second his eyes are wide open panic marring his facial features as he flailed his arms almost tripping over his own chair. Steve looped an arm around his back catching him in time.
“Don’t even think about infiltrating the company" clint looked absolutely devastated like a kid who just dropped his icecream on the floor.
“okay, now" he said sighing and carding his fingers through Tony’s hair “are you feeling alright? Tell me honestly please” he asked him and Tony leaned forward against Steve’s chest cuddling.
“There you go , just like that. You can do this” he coaxed and after a couple more minute Tony’s breathing was finally somewhat relaxed and he plopped down onto the floor heavily listing towards the wall his one hand still held against Steve’s chest.
“are you ready to listen?” tony nodded his head against Steve’s chest and Steve kissed his head.
“What?” he growled
It took Steve several seconds to understand and realize that Tony was not reacting to pain but to Steve’s touch.
Steve pulled the towel a little tighter around Tony reassuring him that no one was going to touch him without his permission and Steve had caught the expression on clints face after Tony had reacted to his touch.
Tony had been silent after that not saying anything. He put the car in park and they headed inside as tony dropped his ‘new bag' (he had thrown the old one away not wanting to even deal with it) on the living room couch and pulled Steve to his room with a firm grasp on his wrist.
“Right, I’ll apply for that position as soon as its available. I thought I told you to rest, why are you in school?”
“I am just tired I think" something was really amiss if Tony was even admitting this. But steve brushed it off and kissed him softly on the lips , but what he intended to be a quick innocent kiss quickly turned into something more heated as Tony put all he had into it.
Steve went to Bruce first actually because the one person he could trust with telling him that he was taking Tony home without any judgement was Bruce.
Should steve and Tony finally do it or should Steve still continue to protect Tony's virtue?
He nodded handing over the papers he was clutching to the agent he had just briefed before he finally left the building towards where he knew Tony was with the junior agent.
“Don’t do that"
“What?” the question was out of his mouth before he could even process what Tony had just said and worst of all Bruce was nodding along
“Mr. Roger’s! Oh my God, I did not expect to see you here!” Steve turned in time to see pepper along with a grumpy Tony come towards him waving her hands as if she was excited.
When she didn’t receive an answer from Tony she turned to Steve but the look in his eyes gave away that he didn’t know either.
“I am not in the mood for gym" ah.
“Steve, you with us?” he heard  before he felt something touch his lips
“dr banner, this is my good friend Rumlow. We were told we should come pick him up from school” steve fingers itched to smash his face
“Cause he makes me do all the dirty work" tony said glaring at bruce
Steve didn’t know what to say so he instead he asked “is that something you want to do?” because tony didn’t have any experience  weather it was with men or with women and he wouldn’t have anything to compare it to so that he could actually decide what it is he was interested in.
“what injuries do you have? Let me see how bad it is" he said nervously and Steve realized that all this time all Tony wanted to do was make sure Steve was okay because he still hadn’t wrapped his mind over the idea of Steve, his history teacher, was captain America. And the last time he had seen Steve, he had been probably bleeding everywhere and knocked unconscious.
“We have to talk Tony, there is a lot of gaps that are unfilled here. I have some questions” he didn’t want to bring this up but the sooner he knew the sooner they could fix it.
“I guess you aren’t the genius everyone thought you were after all” tony fake gasped in offence. Steve just shook his head slightly at the theatrics.
“Why was I not made aware of this?” Steve growled his patience wearing thin.
“I think I have some gym shorts I was supposed to stash in my locker,” he said rummaging around his bag and steves face fell as tony triumphantly pulled and held up a pair of shorts.
"Ill call pepper and let her know about what's going on. I am sure she will agree that he should not come in for a few days"
“Nope, not happening. In case this is a dream , I want to be awake for it" Steve chuckled as he pulled the blanket up over Tony’s back covering the bruises and Tony snuggled closer to him.
“Anthony-"
Steve lives a dangerous life, anyone who was associated with Steve inevitably ended up getting hurt emotionally or physically. It was the job description.
“come sit here” steve said sitting up and patting his thighs.
“How are you doing? Is it reducing?” he asked as placed the ice pack next to Tony which he eyes wearily edging away slightly from it.
The principal sighed “okay, but I am going to need consent forms from the parents” and Steve grinned and shook his hand “thank you sir"
"Look at me" Tony looked up hesitantly "I don't want you to ever feel like you cannot tell me something okay? Especially something like this Tony, this is what we are trying to fix and if you don't tell me then I can't help you sweetheart" tony nodded and Steve figured now may not be the best time for this lecture.
“ I'll sleep here with you" he sounded like a ten year old who was afraid of nightmares. Natasha glared at Steve momentarily before sharing a look with bruce
“what are those two going to do about?”
“Excuse me captain?” Steve turned to see an agent approach him
“I am going to help you sit up against the wall okay?” Steve said and Tony nodded again .
Steve wasn’t sure if what he had done today was the right thing to do. On one hand he wanted to dissipate Tony’s fears that been instilled by rumlow who he was going to kill as soon as Tony falls asleep by the way and on the other hand Steve had just done this with a sixteen year old ,one he cherished and vowed to protect forever when he was just one.
A sigh, something akin to relief left his lips as he realised that tony was not just uninterested in his class but it was a general thing but also that he was indeed a really smart kid.
It was getting frustratingly hard to get any straight answers from Tony, so Steve decided to play the professor card,
“There’s nothing in here that mentions what happens to the company in case something happens to Tony” he shuddered at the thought but quickly shook the thoughts away.
“Hey, what’s wrong?” he asked as he pulled him closer and Steve really needed to get some pants on this kid before he lost it. He looked around for Tony’s underwear , helping him into it and Tony bucked when his fingers brushed against his now very sensitive cock.
“How did you remember it was howard and Maria then?”
“Yeah.” He said and as an after thought he added a “thank you"
“He didn’t deserve that and you know it” she stated grimly
“debrief on quinjet. Fury will join us on video. We need you in thirty , can you make it?” Steve frowned, he had wanted to go to Tony first
“Sweetheart stop,” he pulled his hand away to look at his abused appendage.
"Speaking of the little devil, he sent me a text saying he is not coming over after detention" steve frowned as he pulled out a water bottle and settled down with a file on the couch.
“please sweetheart, let me hold you” tony leaned forward ever so slightly ,but it was all the green light Steve needed as he wrapped his arms around the teen and pressed him close to his heart.
His motorcycle was his best friend , though only after Natasha and Clint. School was only a good five miles away from his apartment . His apartment was a cozy place, nothing extravagant as he had wanted to seek some comfort from his roots of simpler times. To remind him of his real home.
“good" he could hear the smirk in Bruce’s voice
“captain I am deeply disappointed” steve placed the fork down wiping his hands on a napkin before turning his attention to the screen
“I don’t know why.” And nat sighed again shaking her head.
"Shut up Clint!"
Tony sighed looking nervous and Steve wanted to kiss him but not yet he couldn’t .
“Honey ,I know you are tired , just stay with me a little longer okay?” he said and Tony nodded afraid to close his eyes again and he tracked Steve around the room as he moved around to wet a washcloth and picked up a water bottle came back to sit down next to him .
“Howard was my best friend, I saw the funeral , you were there too. Tell me how this is possible.” he demanded
"We are in this together right?"
Tony shied away from it hiding his face into Steve’s chest.
He was right, Tony's pupils were blown.
“Tony , sweetheart do you think I can put this on you? It will help you breathe better ,I promise” he said rocking back and forth slightly trying to calm him.
