"And?" Cas asks, desperate now. What the hell is going on?
He parks in Cas' driveway, locks the car up, and heads down the road to wait at the bus stop. It'll still be at least 10 minutes before the bus gets there, with it's other stops, but Dean doesn't care. He's thrumming with excitement at seeing Cas again, the little bit of time away from him making him want more.
"Alright, kid, we'll stay." He says, and she beams at him. "Let me call Charlie, then we'll go find some coffee, alright?"
Before Dean knew it, the movie was over. He remembered bits and pieces of it, but he was so caught up in his own thoughts he really didnt pay too much attention. Dean hit the remote so the movie stopped, and looked over at Sam in the chair, who was slumped down with his feet up. He was sound asleep. Dean looked the other way at Cas "guess hes wiped out. I thought hed want to watch the next one."
Courtney just nodded, smiling. "Well, I like it." She looked at Dean. "I'm glad you guys came. I've been dying to hear what happened after you left the other night."
"I'm the lucky one." Emma says, then turns to the tv, brooking no argument.
Once Cas is dressed, he looks at the time again and can't help but think he needs a drink. He needs to forget about this for just a minute, the pain lancing through his chest. Cas grabs his jacket, keys, and wallet and heads out the door, hoping he can find an open bar at this time of day. Fuck the social negativity about day drinking, he needs this right now.
Dean stopped packing, and just stared at his bag on the bed thinking 'Sam's right, what the hell am I doing? Running. No. Yes I am. Cas got too close and now I'm running. Fuck'.
"Hey Cas, I need you to call me back as soon as you can. I'm taking Claire to the hospital. Hey hey, don't move sweetheart, I'll get you. I think it's her appendix. Just call me back as soon as possible."
"That's it." Dean says loudly, and Gordon's head swings up to look at him, along with half the people in the restaurant, everyone going quiet. Gordon opens his mouth, but Dean cuts him off before he can say anything. "This is the worst date I've ever been on, and you, Gordon, are a dickwad. The food was perfectly cooked and amazing, the waiter was a saint dealing with your attitude, and then you leave no tip? Jesus, whoever taught you how to act should probably reevaluate their life choices."
Courtney turned, grinning. "What do you need help with?" She asked, excitedly.
"Cas" Dean said quietly, pressing a kiss to the side of his head.
They wandered through exhibit after exhibit of paintings, statues, and the like, but Cas didn't stop to look at anything.
Cas tightens his hand, thumbing at the head of Dean's cock, collecting precum. Dean flicks his wrist as it comes up and he feels Cas stiffen above him, a guttural groan tearing out with Dean's name as Cas spills all over their hands. With the extra slick from Cas' release, Dean's hand slides over them easily, jacking Cas' through his orgasm, pulling himself over the edge after only a few more strokes. His orgasm hits like a tidal wave, washing over his body, pleasure coursing through him. He works them through the aftershocks, then finally releases their spent dicks when Cas shivers in overstimulation.
In a split second Dean made a decision. He didnt even know what he was really doing, he just knew he couldn't let it end this way, and before he knew it he was chasing after Cas.
Cas smiled "that's okay Dean. This time was for you."
Cas sighs and sets down his paintbrush, looking over at Heather nestled atop her blanket at the end of his workbench.
He looked at the clock, and figured he had plenty of time to freak out then pull himself back together before he had to be there.
Dean nodded, and walked to the bar. He put their order in, and while he was waiting he turned around and watched.
Cas passes Dean the lube, and pushes him down. He wants this so fucking bad, and he doesn't want to wait anymore.
"Thank you." Cas says against Dean's lips.
Dean grunted, digging his blunt nails into Cas' back. Cas moaned, feeling Dean's heat enclose around him.
"What time is she coming over?"
Sam brought his coffee to the table and sat down next to Courtney. "So, why are you up so early?" He asked.
Cas shook his head, and turned back to the book in front of him. It was hard to concentrate now, all he could think about was Dean's hands on him.
Cas bites his lip, looks at Dean, then looks forward. "I actually think I'm going to take the bus." Cas says.
Dean perused the menu, already knowing what he was going to order, and once the waitress came over, he said "double bacon cheeseburger with everything, extra onions."
The man in the back is touching himself. His arm is moving in such a way that it's unmistakable. He sees the man's eyes watching a young woman toward the front of the bus, and feels his stomach roll with nausea, head racing with what to do. The light turns green and Dean moves the bus forward, looking for a place to stop. He pulls the bus over, flips the hazards on, and pulls his seatbelt off before stomping down the aisle toward the back.
"Alright, that's it. I dont have to sit here and take this." Dean said in fake anger, standing up and downing the rest of his drink. "Come on Cas!"
He and Claire spend a lot of time over at Dean's house with he and Emma, and none of them ever seem to tire of each other. It's always, always hard to date when you have a kid, but somehow this is not. They flow together seemlessly. That's not to say they don't have their disagreements, but they're always easily resolved with no hard feelings, and Cas revels in the effortlessness of it all.
"I assume that means you're coming with us?" Cas asked.
"Winona Ryder? Christian Slater? Yeah, definitely seen it." Dean replies with a smirk.
Sam nodded "thanks." Then left the kitchen.
Dean's hands come up on either side of his face, wiping the tears away with his thumbs. "It's okay. You can cry." Dean's pressing kisses to his face, forehead, cheeks, lips. "It's okay."
"I think she has some good ideas." Dean replies, leaning closer.
"Hey, have you seen Cas?" He asked.
Dean was elbow deep in grease when he heard the garage door open. He looked up, and watched as Courtney crossed the room, this time fully clothed in what she was wearing last night.
Cas sought out a table to work at, and Dean very pointedly took his books and sat down directly next to him to his left, while Sam sat at a table on the other end of the room.
Courtney shrugged. "Hes very protective of you. He doesnt like that we're friends, but hes coming around. Softening to me a bit. I can see it in his posture." Dean could feel Cas shift a bit beside him, and Courtney turned her eyes to him.
"Cas, relax a little" Dean whispered, leaning closer to him. He already knew if he made too much noise hed get hell from Sam.
"Ah, yeah. I keep them on hand for Sam, he's a health freak. But the way I make them, even I think they're alright." Claire makes an agreeable noise.
Dean steps back, which Cas does not feel sad about, and puts his hands up. "Nope. You did the work, you get paid. You have no idea how much of my sanity you saved by doing that." Dean bites his lip, and Cas determinedly does not look at it. "An hour and a half, really? Man, I'd been looking at that shit since Friday morning."
Cas obliged, shoving his tongue into Dean's mouth. Dean slid his hand behind Cas' head, wrapping his fingers in his hair.
"Dean-" Cas panted between kisses. "I dont-" kiss " cant last-" kiss.
Sam shook his head, and poured himself a cup of coffee. "Whatever. I have a lot of research to do, if anybody feels like helping."
Dean could feel his face turning red. "Nothing, just talking.
Cas leaned his body against Dean's, and brought their lips together for a moment. "I'm glad we did this" Cas said.
Silently, they leave the workshop, and make their way around the house. It's stopped raining, and the air is fresh and crisp in Dean's lungs.
Dean grips his hips tightly, then spins them around until Cas' back is pressed against the door, pushing into him, against him, diving his tongue into Cas' mouth. Cas just clings to him, can't get enough, wants more, wants everything.
"Hey sweetheart, your dad's here." Dean whispers to her, and Claire squints her eyes open at Cas before closing them again and snuggling back into Dean's side. Dean chuckles quietly, then looks at Cas. "Sorry, they gave her something for the pain and she's kind of out of it." He says.
Cas is watching him, then shakes his head and takes a bite of his own before saying "I doubt it."
', and settling back down into her nest. "That's very helpful, thank you." Cas says, rolling his eyes at himself. Talking to the damn chicken again, he really needs to get out more.
"Can't sleep. I'm worried about her. Can we go back to the hospital?" She looks tired, concern furrowing her brow, but a pleading look on her face.
Not two seconds later, the bell over the door rings and there's a presence behind him. He straightens up, and moves to get out of the way when the person speaks.
"I went to this party with some people I hung around with a lot, one of which was a woman named Amelia. I knew she was interested, but I never encouraged it until that night. Someone had coke, and again, I figured why the hell not, fuck it all, and I had some."
On the way home, Dean swings into the small flower shop a few blocks from Cas' apartment. They'd had a conversation a few weeks ago, while watching some nature documentary on tv late at night, about flowers and their meanings. Cas was really into it, and got very adorably energetic as he told Dean all about it, so Dean picks out a single red tulip, for deep everlasting love, and takes it to the counter to pay.
"I know." Dean replied, closing his eyes and slowly nodding his head.
Suddenly, Dean grabbed the top of Cas' pants and underwear, and pulled them down, freeing his aching shaft. Cas all but whimpered as the cool air hit his hard on, digging his fingers into Dean's back.
It's evening time when Dean gets a text from Cas. He'd texted him that morning, asking how they were doing, and Cas is just now gracing him with a reply.
Cas reaches over with a shaking hand and picks up his pen. He closes his eyes and takes a deep breath, and when he opens them he presses the pen to the line.
It takes him a second, but then Cas swallows and says, "Can I talk to you?"
Cas obeyed, rolling off of Dean, and turning onto his back to watch him walk out of the room. Dean was back in a minute with a warm washcloth, and wiped Cas down.
Dean nods, looks like he wants to say more but doesn't.
Dean presses their bodies together, and Cas feels hot, burning up, so full of lust that he doesn't know what to do. He tangles his hands in Dean's shirt, pulling him even closer until there's nothing left between them except their clothes.
"Mmm so comfortable Cas." He replied, snuggling in deeper.
"You're gonna choke if you eat any faster" Cas laughed.
Cas checks the time and sighs. "Fine. But I want to meet them when I pick you up. No arguments."
He then grabbed his own towel and did the same to himself.
A spread of warmth washes through Dean's body at the caring words, the soft tone that Cas said them in. "Wow." Is all he can think to say.
They both got out if the car, and started walking toward the large building. Dean could feel some nerves creeping in. Being on a date wasnt something that really ever bothered him, but being on a date with Cas was causing butterflies to swirl in his stomach.
The only bad thing is, it hurts. It hurts to be so damn close to Cas, but not close enough. To have him, every evening on the couch, all but cuddled together, but not in the way Dean wants.
As the hot water cascaded down onto them, they just stood there for a moment letting it wash away the horrors of the day.
The man laughs again and turns toward the woman, leaning down and running a finger over the side of her face. She flinches and pulls back as far as she can, and Dean's had enough. He closes the distance between them until he's towering over the guy, and growls at him to remove himself from the bus before Dean does it for him.
Dean pulled put of the garage, and out onto the quiet road that lead from the bunker.
Dean pops off to get a breath, and Cas hauls him up, crashing their mouths together, tasting his precome on Dean's tongue, and Dean rubs his cock along Cas' thigh, needing some sort of relief, releasing a choked sound at the friction. Cas holds him tight and flips them over, straddling Dean's hips and lining their lengths up as he leans down and sucks on Dean's bottom lip, plunging his tongue back into his mouth.
Dean shifted under Cas' intense stare. He was cocky on the outside, but inside he was actually pretty self conscious about his body. All of the scars from past battles with monsters, the extra little bit of fat around his middle, all things he didnt like about his body.
"Ah, that's Alex, she goes to school with them. She's a good kid. Had a rough family life a few years ago, and the Sheriff, Jody, got her out of there and ended up adopting her. Turned her who life around."
"Yeah. Well, sometimes people say things during an intense emotional situation they don't mean, so you can't really trust that." It sounds harsh, but it's not meant to. It's just meant to convey why Dean didn't think he'd want him here.
"I... love you" Dean choked out.
Dean can hear Cas' voice breaking, and it breaks his heart even more, but he can't see him. He can't. It's too hard and too much and he just needs to stay away.
Once he's sitting back on his couch, he twirls his phone in his hand. He needs somebody to tell him how to fix this, because he's out of ideas. Without thinking, he scrolls through his contacts until he gets to Charlie and hits send. She's always been closer to Dean than Cas, but Cas just needs somebody to talk to.
"I could tell." Cas says. When he looks away again, it feels awkward and Dean realizes he hasn't answered the question.
"I messed up and I don't know what to do," he's fighting back tears again, and has to swallow past the lump in his throat.
"Why?"
Dean stared at him for a few moments, then dug back in the drawers for a tshirt. "As much as I hate to have you cover up, we do have a guest." He said, as he tossed the shirt to Cas, who caught it easily and slid it on. "I hope Sam got her settled in a room."
Dean nodded. "I woke up and you were gone."
Dean closed his eyes for a second, and when he opened them Cas had a worried expression on his face. "What's wrong?"
Sitting there for a moment, he resolved to make today better, so he got out of bed, threw on a pair of jeans, a black t-shirt, and a flannel, and left his room.
"Cas" Dean said again, more forcefully, pushing on Cas' shoulders.
Finally, Dean pulled back a little, and, looking into Cas' eyes, he said "I am so sorry Cas. Please forgive me."
Cas moved his hips faster, pumping his hand in time with his thrusts. Squeezing his eyes shut, he could feel himself getting closer to the edge, holding himself back. He wanted to make Dean feel good.
"Now you just need..." she turned toward the dresser, digging through the drawers, and pulling out a pair of tight, black skinny jeans from the back of the bottom drawer.
Dean scooted even closer to Cas until he was between his legs. He leaned over, resting his torso and head on Cas' chest.
When he let's himself in, the warmth and comfort of home surrounds him, but he doesn't really feel better. He's still angry, and disheartened and just so over his whole job, but he doesn't know what to do.
"What? Seriously?" Dean asks.
Cas furrowed his brow "what?"
Dean went looking for him, checking the kitchen, even his own bedroom, but no Cas. Dean made his way down the hall to Cas' room. The door was closed, so Dean knocked.
"Your father? What kind of monster is he?" Courtney asked.
Holy fuck. Cas was an attractive kid, beautiful with his messy hair and glasses, nose always in a book. But this Cas, the one before him, is definitely a man. Hair still a mess, piercing blue eyes still the same, but he is fucking hot with his five o'clock shadow and muscles straining against his button up, spring sun shining behind him like a goddamn beacon.
"I know. I know you'd never do anything to intentionally hurt him, but you did. And it's gonna take some time for him to process it."
He feels Cas press a light kiss to his lips, his cheeks, eyes, forehead, and back to his lips. "I love you." Cas says. "I love all of you." His lips skim over the bruise on Dean's cheek. "I'm so sorry you got hurt."
Laying there, watching Cas, Dean felt himself getting nervous. This was all new to him. He didnt know why he wanted it this way, not the other way around, he just knew he did. He wanted to feel all of Cas, every inch of him.
"We're good. Just gonna go up to my room." Emma says.
Downstairs, he starts a pot of coffee then grabs several of his homemade breakfast sandwiches out of the freezer. He heats them up, wraps two in foil to keep them warm, then hands one to Emma and keeps one for himself. Filling 2 travel mugs with coffee, he fixes one with cream and sugar, because that's how Cas drank it way back when and he hopes that's how he still does, then packs everything into a reusable shopping bag.
Coming down from his orgasm, Cas opens his eyes, forehead still pressed against Dean's. He's shaking from the intensity of it, and Dean's hands come up to his face, bringing him down into a sweet kiss he will never get tired of.
Dean watched as she held out what shed found. It was a form fitting dark grey sweater, with a few buttons on the front at the top, and a black blazer.
Cas couldnt get enough. He shoved his tongue into Dean's mouth again, pulling his body against his own as close as he could get. It still wasn't enough, he wanted more.
Dean starts rambling nervously. "I don't even really know him. Met him online, which was my mistake. My friend suggested it, and I thought what the hell, ya know? Because it's really hard to meet people when you work so much. He seemed nice, really, otherwise I never would've agreed to meet. I'm not like that, not like him, I swear. I just wanted to get through the rest of the night and go home, but he kept doing things until I couldn't take anymore. I'm really sorry I caused a scene, and I'm really sorry he got you in trouble. I'll talk to your manager, tell him it wasn't true, whatever it takes." Dean digs into his pocket, pulling out the hundred dollar bill he'd put in there while he was in the car. "Also, I want you to have this, because nobody deserves the way he treated you, especially you with how patient you were." He hands the bill over, and Cas just looks at it. "Seriously, you earned that. You earned more than that, but that's all the cash I've got on me right now."
Cas looks at her this time, and it's a long minute before he clears his throat, wipes a tear from his eye and says "that's okay."
Dean sat there contemplating what Sam had said. He knew he did that, he just didnt realize Sam knew. But of course he did, Sam was an expert on all things Dean.
"Oh no you dont." Sam said. He picked up the bottle and poured some more into Dean's glass. "You're not dropping that bomb and then escaping."
Dean went to his drawers and pulled out 2 of everything, sweat pants, shirts, underwear, and socks. Bundling them in his hands, he looked at Cas and silently walked to the door.
He works Dean open slowly and thoroughly, working his mouth along Dean's cock and adding more digits, stretching him and rubbing against his prostate on every few passes until Dean's pushing down against his fingers for more and whimpering, begging. "Cas
"Hmm?" She says, with a mouthful.
"Uh, yeah, sure. You can, um, come in." Dean steps back and Cas enters while Dean closes the door behind him. "Hang on a sec." Dean takes the couple of steps to the stairs and yells up. "Emma!" while trying to keep his stupid betraying voice steady.
Cas laughed a small laugh, shaking his head. "This is all new to me Dean".
Dean's eyes got big, startled.
Cas shook his head. "It really doesn't, Dean. I enjoy it."
Pushing down with his hips, Cas begs Dean to move. He needs to feel him, needs to be even closer, never let him go.
As Dean watched out the windshield, a clearing came into view. Cas eased the car into it, and parked. They were at the edge of a cliff, overlooking nothing but forest beneath and sky above.
Cas looks up again when Claire makes a happy noise. Mouth still full of food, she says "damn, this is good." Swallows, then says "why don't you ever cook like this?"
"I don't want to hurt your car. I dont need an angel blade in me before the rest of our date." Cas smirked, which made Dean smile more.
Cas closes his eyes, gathers his thoughts before opening them again. "I get that being with someone who's inexperienced isn't what you signed up for."
Claire shrugs. "He's been asleep for three hours, if he slept much longer he'd complain that I let him sleep too long."
Cas' voice is quiet now, hard to hear, and Dean strains his ears to catch what he's saying.
Pressing his face to the side into his pillow, Dean tries to muffle his cries of pleasure, but Cas growls into his ear. "Don't. I wanna hear you. You sound so beautiful." And fuck if that doesn't turn him on even more. Dean tends to be loud in bed, and it hasn't always gone over well, so the fact that Cas likes it is amazing. After that, he doesn't hold back, moaning every time Cas flicks his wrist just right.
After ice cream with Dean, Cas goes home feeling happy. There's something bubbling in his chest, and he hasn't felt it for so long that it doesn't even register at first what it is. It's when he's laying in bed that night that it hits him like a ton of bricks.
Feeling like he's going to be sick if he doesn't move soon, Dean steels himself, grabs up the flower, and heads upstairs. With shaky hands, he unlocks the door, hides the flower behind his back, and opens it, stepping inside.
"Yes. I've waited fifteen years for this. I'm positive." Cas replied. He was breathless, and all the could think about was having his hands on every inch of Dean that he'd admired from afar all these years.
Cas bit down on his bottom lip as Dean moved his hand, just a little at a time, over the large bulge that was now in his pants.
"He's there? Please let me talk to him," Cas begs, hope welling inside him. If he can just get Dean to listen for one minute, then he can explain. He can tell him how he feels.
"Why, Cas? Why does it matter? It was seventeen years ago. You've moved on, I've... it doesn't matter anymore." Dean says, shaking his head and turning back to him. It hurts, all of it. It's too hard and too much and he just can't do this. He should've never let himself back into Cas' life. All he does is ruin things, and Cas deserves better.
"That's better, thanks" Cas said.
"But, I just need to-" Sam started again.
Once inside, door closed, Cas deposits his bag onto the floor, shucks his coat off and slips out of his boots. When he turns back to Dean, he sees he's done the same, and is now staring at him with a mix of wonder and desire.
Dean turns to Fern Guy. "Look, I gotta get this bus back now otherwise my ass is getting reamed. You're coming with, and I will take you home myself." He sighs, and lightens his tone, rubbing a hand down his face. "If that's okay with you. Otherwise I can take you to your stop and just deal with it."
It hurts. He feels empty inside, and every time Cas does something for him, every time he even gets a glimpse of him inside the house, his heartrate ratchets up and he feel nauseous. Maybe there really is no way to fix this. Maybe Cas really doesn't want him anymore. If he did, he would've said something by now.
"Yes that would be nice" Cas replied.
Dean shakes his head, a small smile pulling at his lips. "A story for another time. I'm fine, really."
That's it. That's all it says. It's not even new information. It's the same exact damn text Cas has sent the last few days. Fuck it, he has to do something. He has to know whether this is actually over or not.
Finally, with the thought of telling Cas at the forefront of his mind, Dean drifts off to sleep.
Dean could feel butterflies ripping their way through his stomach. He was doing it, he was kissing Cas, and it felt amazing. He felt a small amount of panic, which he pushed deep down into himself, and deepend the kiss further, pulling Cas harder against him.
Cas rolled his eyes and sighed to himself. It had been a while. A long while. He'd been purposely avoiding Dean for months, probably close to six months now, in the guise of being too busy, when in reality it was pure self preservation.
-'Alright'
Not only does it fucking hurt, but it's gross as hell seeing as hundreds of people are walking over it daily, and who knows when the last time it was actually mopped was. Sputtering, Dean clambers to his knees and crawls after the asshole.
He could tell when Dean was ready, as hed relaxed and started making pleased noises.
"I don't know what happened, okay? One day he was there and the next he was gone."
"Yes. She keeps asking how it's going. She wanted to make sure you liked it. I havent responded since we were on our way to the museum. I was informed that texting while on a date is impolite." Cas said.
Cas takes the money hesitantly, staring into Dean's eyes, not saying anything.
"So, can we go?" Claire asks casually.
"Gabriel" Dean answers, shifting in the doorway.
Dean tensed up a bit, and Cas noticed. He pulled back slightly, a concerned look on his face. "What happened?"
Making his way into the kitchen, he sees Cas at the stove, stirring something. Cas flips the heat off and turns around, a smile lighting up his face when he sees Dean.
"I'm fine man. Look, see, I got it." Dean replied, pulling the door open.
"Yeah, something happened." Dean says, pressing kisses on top of Cas' head.
"Yeah, yeah. I know." Dean laughed. He pressed a light kiss to Cas' lips, then turned around and headed for the fridge while Cas took their coffee to the table and sat down.
Cas nodded, and began unbuttoning his shirt. It took everything he had, but Dean turned around, took off his own jeans, and slipped on the pajama pants.
Scott wander off to the other end of the bar, and Dean sat there trying to make sense of what all had happened.
He stops and looks at Cas, and Cas is figiting, shifting around, biting his lip, which Dean has come to notice is a nervous habit of his.
Sam pauses for a moment before replying. "Cas Novak?"
Cas buried his head in the crook of Dean's neck as he felt his cum cover his fist. Cas thrust into him a couple more times and felt his cock throb as his load shot out, filling Dean.
"Seriously Sammy, just drop it right now. Please," the last word comes out cracked, and Sam backs off, leaving the room and closing the door with a quiet "Okay".
), a duck statue, a heavy concrete bird bath, several times he brings on large closed containers that Dean doesn't know the contents of, a toilet (
Dean put on his most dazzling smile. This was something he could understand, women. He knew women. He loved women. Though he'd basically given up that one night stand life, he still enjoyed a womans company. "Thanks sweetheart."
Once they're both inside, and the car is started, Dean turns toward Cas. "So, you live near the stop you usually get off at?" He asks.
"Do you mind if I drive? It's not too far." Cas asked.
"Good. I'm good." Dean says, lowering his head to watch as he slices the onion.
"What're you doing here?" He asks, then clears his throat, leftover sleep making his voice deep and gravelly.
As Dean contracted around him, Cas felt his own orgasm pulling. A couple more thrusts, and Cas was filling Dean up, biting down into Dean's shoulder to muffle his cries. He pushed in a few more times, riding his orgasm out.
"Yeah." Cas let out a little laugh. "It was."
They haven't had sex in a while. Well, approximately five days, which is quite a while to them. Dean's been having such a hard time this week, and he feels awful for not giving his relationship his full attention.
And what came out was not even close to what he expected.
Cas willingly obliged this move, and, wanting to feel Dean's skin against his own again, he grabbed the back of Dean's shirt and ripped it completely down the back.
Dean moaned as Cas pushed his thigh harder against him, feeling Cas' hardness on his own leg.
Dean just shook his head. "Nothing. Nevermind."
As Dean reached the bottom of the stairs, he turned around to watch Courtney come down, Cas right behind her.
Dean stands his ground, not budging from his spot blocking the exit, and dispatch informs him that another bus will be by to pick up his passengers and finish his route while he deals with the police.
Looking around, he sees two more. "Is it just those two left?" He asks, and Fern Guy nods. There's one toward the front, and one toward the back, so they split up. Dean's quickly but quietly stalking up to the one in the front, he leans down but as soon as his fingers graze it, it takes off. Dean loses his balance and falls face first to the floor of the bus.
Cas heard the door close, and Dean's car start up. As he heard the engine get quieter as it moved away from the bunker, Cas sighed to himself.
"You're mine, Dean.
Cas thrust into him hard, and a burst of pleasure shot through Dean's whole body, which caused him to let out a loud moan.
"Yep, I'm ready." Dean said, stepping into the hall and closing his door behind him.
"I'm really sorry, I just-" Fern Guy starts, but gets cut off.
Cas ran his hand over Dean's chest, his skin on fire wherever Cas touched it. He wanted more.
"You care about him" she said, when he was finished.
"I'm sorry Dean. I know my reaction was unreasonable, and I will try to control myself in the future" he said.
When Cas joined him on the bed, Dean turned towards him. "I dont want you to ever think I'd regret any of this. Even if you change your mind 5 minutes from now, I'll have enjoyed what we've done with no regrets." Dean brought his hand up to Cas' face, touching his cheek.
She waved him off. "I can catch a cab. It's only 30 minutes away."
"Damnit Cas, I'm not doing it to appease you." Dean said, emphatically. "Just let me. Please."
Gabriel's shown up with a huge candy bouquet and a box of muffins, and Cas tells him that Dean already brought them breakfast, but Claire grabs one anyway and Gabriel gives Cas a knowing look but doesn't say anything about Dean.
Maybe now he wouldnt forget what Cas was capable of.
More anger flashed in Cas' eyes, and Dean shifted uncomfortably.
There was a knock on the door. Dean looked at it, then walked over, preparing to tell whoever it was he was busy. He was not about to be late for his and Cas' first... date.
A little while later, Claire sits her bed up and looks at him. "Hey dad, can I ask you something?"
"He didn't pick on me. And, trust me, being gay had nothing to do with what went wrong." He chuckles a little, memories flitting through his mind. Memories that are inappropriate for this conversation with his daughter. Inappropriate at any time really, but sometimes he can't help himself.
"Oh hush, you do not. You love me. What would you even do without me?" She replies.
As soon as the waiter is several steps from them, Gordon snaps his fingers and clears his throat loudly. "This is overcooked" Gordon says curtly when Cas turns back around.
Now that he's sitting here, he lets the tears he's been suppressing fall. Everything hurts, his chest, his heart, his head. He knew there was a chance Cas didn't feel the same, but to come home to
Dean's only made to wait ten minutes this time before he's ushered back into Naomi's office. He doesn't wait for an invitation to sit down, just plops himself into the chair and stares blankly at his boss.
The two other guys leap out of their seats, grab ahold of the first guy, and pull him back. Dean backs up slowly, reaches for his radio and calls it in to dispatch, requesting the police. The men have no way off the bus unless they push past him and force the doors open, and the two other guys seem worried now.
He's sure he knows where this is going. But he asks "yeah, what about us?"
A zing of arousal courses through Cas' body, straight to his cock. He didn't know he'd enjoy this until today, and now he doesn't think he'll ever want anything more than he wants to see Dean in those panties right now.
"Mhmm" Dean leaned his face down, nosing against Cas' neck, and heard Cas let out a small giggle. An actual giggle. He made an angel giggle. Chuckling, he pressed a kiss against his soft skin.
Dean let out another moan into Cas' mouth, as he felt their hard members rub together. "Fuck" he said, pulling his mouth away. Cas moved his mouth to Dean's neck, kissing and nibbling along it.
Sam laughed. "Fine Dean. We're already packed so we're gonna head out now. We should be back in a few days. I'll keep you updated." Then Sam turned around and left the room.
The couch smells like Cas, and he draws comfort from that, letting himself be enveloped by the scent. He really wants Cas, not just his smell, but he's sure he's still out working in his workshop and he doesn't want to interrupt his process, so he takes the comfort where he can.
Dean continued to press kisses to the exposed areas of Cas' neck and jaw line, getting rougher as he went. Sticking his tongue out, he licked a strip from his neck to his jaw, making Cas quietly groan.
Dean couldnt ever remember a time where he didnt mind not getting off. But right now, staring down at Cas' form, he really didn't. He felt amazing just from getting Cas off. He also felt something deep in his chest, something hed never felt before. A strong pulling feeling. And as Cas stared up into his eyes, what could only be described as butterflies started to dance around his stomach.
Cas looked at Sam, then took a long hard look at Dean, his face stoic. "He seems fine, Sam." Then he turned, and started to walk out of the kitchen.
"No Cas. I think he did it because hes wanted to for a long time, and you leaving finally pushed him to act."
's in response, then walks up the ramp into their new little home.
Dean gets up in the morning, makes coffee, gets ready for work, and kisses a sleeping Cas goodbye, just like every other day. It feels, not good, but not bad. It just is.
Dean sighs, and turns around to face Cas. He's standing pretty close and has a confused look on his face, and Dean just wants this awkward morning after shit to be over.
Cas pressed his lips against Dean's ear. "Just relax." He whispered.
Unable to sleep, Dean tosses and turns and thinks. He wants to tell Cas how he feels, but he's terrified of it not going how he wants. He wonders if there's any chance Cas feels the same for him.
"Who's going to be there?" Cas asked, he could hear the uncertainty in his own voice. Watching Dean with a date was always the worst, and he wanted to know if tonight was going to be another one of those nights. Dean flirted, all the time, and Cas could handle that. But when it came to watching Dean with his arm around someone, kissing them, Cas just couldn't take that anymore. It caused an ache inside his chest, an intense feeling of hurt, and wanting more, that wasn't right.
"Hey, you're up." Sam said, setting the newspaper down.
Dean looked down again and nodded.
"Language" is Cas' only response.
Cas kissed him back, his hand getting rougher in Dean's hair.
"You can. You're unhappy, and I don't like seeing you unhappy. Please, Dean." Cas implores.
Dean groans to himself as he deboards the bus and sees the same woman standing there from the other day. She tells him Naomi wants to see him in her office, and of course she fucking does because why not, after the worst day ever.
Cas sets the pen down and growls to himself. His fucking brother. He's the only one who knows where he's living, and he always has the worst timing.
Dean rolled his eyes, and stared at the coffee pot, willing it to brew faster.
"I am, if you're amenable." Cas says. "What you said about it being hard to meet people? I know how that is. And I like you. What you did out there" Cas gestures behind Dean. "It was impressive."
"How do you feel now?" Cas asked.
Cas grabs ahold and slowly, so slowly, pulls Dean's pants down, revealing his prize for being so patient.
He's showered, dressed, and back downstairs when he checks his phone next to see no messages, and his stomach drops. It's already 2:30, and since Dean didn't give him an actual time he has no idea when he'd be coming.
"You don't know that." It's Charlie's turn to sigh. "Look, that was years ago. You're both different people now. Maybe you could, I dunno, try again?"
Cas gets up and follows a moment later, because after all of that, being away from Dean is just not an option right now.
Dean's gaze slides to the papers in front of Cas, and his eyes widen. "Are those-" he cuts himself off and swallows roughly. "Are those divorce papers?"
Dean's gripping the hem of his shirt, and he pulls away enough to let Dean pull it over his head. He does the same to Dean's, and finally has beautiful skin pressed against his own as they kiss.
"Dont leave." Dean said. 'Just tell him what you're feeling' he thought.
Dean's really happy that she's making friends. It's been just him and Em for so long that he wonders often if he's doing right by her. But she gets good grades, she never gets in trouble at school, and she seems genuinely happy most of the time, barring normal teenage girl stuff, so he figures he's doing something right.
Dean slides Cas over to the side, heads into the ensuit, cleans himself and comes back with a washcloth. Cas' eyes are closed, and when Dean starts cleaning him up, Cas peeks one eye open and looks down at him. "I can do that." He says with a sleepy smile.
He heard Cas' laugh rumble in his chest. "At least take off your jeans."
Cas couldn't think straight. He felt himself growing harder, his cock straining against his pants now.
Inside are cards. Business cards. Dean pulls one out and looks at it. They're beautifully done, with 'Winchester Woodworking' on one side over a wood print, and on the other his name, phone number, and 'The family business, saving chickens, building things' with a little cartoon chicken. A laugh bubbles out of Dean's chest because it's so fucking
Once his breathing is back to normal, hopefully it was only a minute or two, Dean grabs the bag, scribbles his cell number on the back of one of his cards, and heads back to the kitchen.
A little after one, Sam came into his room. "Hey, have you heard from Cas? I still havent-"
"I know." Dean says quietly.
Dean doesn't know how long he stays in his car, in front of his brother's house, sobbing into the steering wheel, but it's dark by the time he looks up. He wipes his face as best he can, grabs his bag, and heads up to the door.
"You know what I mean. Outside of work. We don't hang out like we used to. Did I... do something?" Dean had a concerned look on his face, like he was actually worried he'd upset Cas.
On the couch, still a bit shocked, Dean attempted to adjust himself so the bulge in his pants wasnt as noticable. "Yeah, it's fine kid. What's up?"
By the time he pulls into the parking lot of the coffee shop, he's annoyed and slightly pissed at what he's sure is his correct assumption.
"Are you done being crazy?" Sam asked.
"'Thanks dad' 'oh you're welcome honey, glad I could make you happy'" Cas mumbles to himself, finishing his meal. But really, if getting ice cream makes her that excited, how is he supposed to say no.
"We were actually sleeping, so, yeah, can we maybe talk later?"
"But, you-" Dean started, motioning to Cas' lower half.
Dean turned away, walking over to the desk. He grabbed a glass, filled it with the amber liquid, and drank it. He really enjoyed that, but if he was being honest, cum wasnt the best tasting thing hed ever had.
"Just one more thing that needs a place." Cas says, turning around in Dean's arms and looking into his eyes.
"I fucked up," Cas says. "I fucked up so bad, but I can fix it. I promise I can, just let me talk to him. Please."
Pressing his face further into Dean's shoulder, Cas let's out the sob he'd been holding back.
"Chick flick, Cas" Dean laughed again. "Apparently you bring out the romcom in me." Dean looked into Cas face, seeing the relief there. 'He should know I'd never say no spending time with him' Dean thought. He leaned in and kissed Cas. "So, what were you thinking?" When Cas just stared at him, he said "for the date, Cas. Where do you want to go?"
"Me too." Cas replied.
"You've been with a lot of women?" She asked.
"Cas" Dean whispered. Cas could feel how close he was, and when he opened his eyes Dean's face was only a couple inches from his own.
Pulling a face at the memory, Dean shudders a bit. "Yeah, I am really not a wine guy."
"Alright." Dean acquiesces.
"No problem. I see you found a new project." Dean says, giving the clock a once over.
Dean smiled, and leaned his head forward. Bringing their lips back together.
"Oh, yeah, a drink would be good. With you. A drink with you would be nice."
"Enthusiasm is good." Cas replies, biting his lip again, and damn if that doesn't draw Dean's attention to his perfect pink lips, makes him want to feel them against his own.
The music started, then Dean began.
He enters the number in his phone, then stares at it for a solid five minutes while sitting on his bed, before typing a text out. He then proceeds to delete the text, write another one, and delete that one as well. This should not be that hard. Finally, he just types up something short and to the point, and hits send.
He decides he can't wait. He needs to face this now, because he needs Cas. Needs Cas to tell him everything's going to be okay, needs him to understand what happened and why Dean did what he did. He needs Cas to understand and hold him and comfort him.
Cas approaches him a minute later, a curious look on his face. "Look, I want to apologize, but can we go somewhere where half the restaurant isn't looking at me?" Dean asks, glancing around again.
"This is your second reprimand for unprofessional behavior in the last week. I need you to sign this written warning."
"Cas, sweetheart" Dean says, their foreheads pressed together, rutting against each other. "I can't- I'm going to- please tell me this is okay."
"Well, Cas told her about our lives before the drinking. But yeah, basically." Dean said, taking a pull from his beer.
: Only if you're interested and if that won't be too weird.
He and Dean have been seeing each other for several months now; four, to be exact. It's been wonderful, amazing, everything Cas has ever wanted in a relationship. He thrives when he's in Dean's presence, and feels the loss when he's not, and he's been seriously considering asking Dean to move in.
he has to cut this off now before it gets any worse. Working for Dean is going to be hard enough, he can't fall for the man again, and with his generosity helping with the jobs, and the way he is with his daughter, and the fact that hes
"Thanks Char. Talk to you later." He says, before hanging up. Dean glares at the bright screen as the call ends, and sees a message. Assuming it's from Charlie, he opens it.
"That won't be necessary." Cas says, walking to the desk and leaning his butt against it, facing Dean. "But thank you. For this" Cas holds the money out. "And for apologizing."
Looking at Ash, Jo wondered what he was trying to hide from her. “You know I hate being called that.” Jo said, she was pushing her bike to sit it by Sam’s. She watched Ash for a moment. “What’s with you? You’ve been acting weird since Garth got back.” She knew that Ash was probably going to become her stepbrother. Jo was okay with that. It’s not like she hated Bobby or Ash. But Jo wasn’t sure that it’s what Ash wanted. And it’s not like they’d be sharing living quarters, Ash had his own place. He was almost 21. Or he might be already. Jo wasn’t actually sure. It was something no one had ever told her, and Ash had been left back in school a couple of times for poor attendance.
That wasn’t what he wanted to hear. Dean lifted his head. Before he could touch on that horrible news, Ellen, who was a nurse, came over to tell them that Cas was awake. Dean’s green eyes widened, and he stood on wobbly legs. He heard himself tel his friends that he would go by himself, and followed Ellen, his legs still shaking. When they got to Cas’ room, and he saw how broken Cas was, Dean’s eyes filled with tears again. Ellen moved to go, so they could talk. Dean pulled a chair up to Cas’ bed, and he reached out tentatively, and took Cas’ hand in his. The other boy’s eyes were so blue, and they filled with tears as Dean took his hand. He stroked the back of Cas’ hand, and his chin trembled as he worked up the courage to speak. “Cas, I’m… I’m so so sorry. My… my ex did this. I know… I know it’s not exactly my fault, but he was trying to take out… the competition. In his eyes, that’s you.” Dean didn’t know how to make this right. “I… I don’t blame you if you don’t want to be my… friend anymore.” His voice was wobbly, and Cas squeezed his hand. With feeling Cas’ fingers squeezing his, Dean’s breath caught. “I’m sorry you got caught up in this… because Benny thinks….”
As Cas was replying, telling him he was okay, Dean and Stiles brought in some of the food and drinks, and Belle squealed with delight as she saw her grandfather. Cas said hello to John a bit shyly, and nodded to the bookbag by the door with Belle’s overnight things. It was a My Little Pony bag, of course. “You be good for Grandpa.” Cas told her, as Dean came over to say goodbye to both of them. Then he moved to push Cas to the coffee table, Stiles was getting Clue ready. Cas let Dean set him up on the couch, and he accepted a plate of food and a soda with rum splashed in. This, times like this, it made him feel so great. Like he was loved for who he was, and he knew it was true. He agreed to be Colonel Mustard, and he ate a pizza roll and watched as they set things up. Cas was glad they were doing this, and he had to admit, he felt safer with Benny being gone. Dean was just a bit paranoid that Benny would circle back to Gatlin, but he didn’t think that he would. Everyone in the surrounding three counties was looking for him. He may be nuts, but he wasn’t stupid. He’d use his time to get far, far away. Cas sipped his drink, with his meds, this bit of rum was all he’d get to have tonight.
His breath caught as Scott’s fingers went inside him. Stiles’ grip on his boyfriend’s hips grew tighter, causing Scott to moan. Then Stiles’ mouth covered Scott’s, and kissed him deeply. He sucked on Scott’s tongue, and then Scott replaced his fingers with his long hard cock. Stiles cried out, but he arched his back, taking more of Scott inside him. His fingers reached out and pulled out a condom and put it over his own cock, so that cum wasn’t going to ruin their clothes. Stiles gasped as Scott’s hips moved faster, and they were both breathing very shallowly.
“Ya’ll are no fucking help.” Dean burst out, and his daughter was coming in the room with Sam. “Oh, hey, angel.” Dean said, hoping Belle hadn’t heard what he’d said. “Did you have a good time at daycare?” He asked, wondering why Belle wasn’t with Cas. Dean listened to her for a minute or so and then she went to play with Scott. Mostly so Dean could talk to Sam. “Why isn’t my kid with Cas? Did something happen? If you’re out of school for the evening, Cas should be, too.” Ever since the Callie incident, Dean and Sam hadn’t really been speaking much. “You’re pissed at me, I get it. But don’t punish Cas.”
Dean shook his head. “I’ve got to move this car and charge the new guy. I am not playing a Lydia Martin party.” He went to take the car off the jack and moved it back outside to the parking space. Dean sat in it for a moment. He drove John’s ‘67 Impala. This car was nice. And Cas was clearly a runaway. So how could he afford this car? Or was it stolen? Dean also was being haunted by those blue eyes. They were the color of the sky. Dean hadn’t seen eyes that gorgeous in his 18 years on the planet. He moved to get out, looking over the deep blue point. Then he went inside, finding Cas at the counter, waiting for him. Dean wondered what that meant exactly.
From the witnesses, it jibed with what they said. Jodi finished with the scribbling in her notebook. “I’m sorry that he hurt you. Although if you’re with Dean, you are going to be safe. Dean won’t let anything happen to you. And by the way, I know that you’re worried about your family. They were told, but they don’t want anything more to do with you. They told me to make sure that you take them off your emergency contacts list.” Jodi hated to see this happening to someone as sweet and caring as Cas seemed to be.
He tells the hostess he's meeting someone and gives his name, and she leads him over to an occupied table. Gordon stands up and introduces himself, shaking Dean's hand, before Dean takes a seat.
"You believe me." Dean whispers, opening his eyes and staring into Cas'.
The guy struggles to reach in his pocket for his pass without setting the item down, so Dean says the first words he's ever spoken to the man. "It's cool, I recognize you." And nods to him. Fern Guy smiles, an actual heart melting smile, and heads back to sit down, setting the item on the bench seat next to him.
After that, Dean is bored and wishing it was later in the day, because he's getting nervous and excited and just doesn't want to wait anymore. Instead, he watches about an hour of useless mind numbing tv because absolutely
He tells her that they're still waiting, and Claire insists on seeing them 'right now dad' tacking on a 'please' at the end because sometimes the manners he taught her actually come through.
"Yes." Cas says, because that's it. He can't, he just can't risk it again.
Dean chuckles against his skin, and Cas hears the lid click. A moment later, Dean's finger is pressing against his rim, pushing in slowly, and Cas can't help the strangled moan that forces its way out of his throat.
Cas pushed his tongue past Dean's lips into his mouth, exploring every inch of it. He could feel his heart rate pick up again as Dean's body pressed his down into the couch.
Dean can see how that might cause a little bit of a problem, but nothing that couldn't be worked out. It's Cas' passion, and whoever he's with should understand that. For a first date, maybe it wasn't the best impression to make, but Dean didn't know. Now he does.
"Does he seem unhappy with his life?" She asks.
Cas smiled, and proceeded to pull Dean's flannel off his shoulders. Once that was discarded to the floor, he ran his hands up under Dean's tshirt. "This too" he said, as he pulled it up over his stomach. Dean helped to pull off the shirt, then laid his body down on top of Cas.
It's not like Cas could just tell him why he'd been keeping to himself. He couldn't explain that watching Dean with other people was killing him. That being around this amazing man was making him ache with need and want.
Within a minute, Emma's back and Dean is calling Cas' number while the girls make a path and he pulls his shoes on.
Well, that answers the question of whether or not Gabe was telling the truth.
"I'm not talking about it, Sam."
This caused Dean to stop laughing, as he looked into Cas serious face. He watched as Cas' face broke into a grin, causing him to smile too. "Damnit Cas." Dean said, shaking his head and laughing again.
"Yeah, I know. But I feel like you've been avoiding me lately." Dean said.
Cas laughs again, and Dean really can't get enough of it. "Yes, I think I'm off chicken for a while too."
Flashes of last night kept running through his head. How Dean had fallen asleep in his arms. How he woke up and started kissing him. The way his hand had traveled down his body, into his pants. Cas shivered, remembering Dean's hand around him.
As Dean leaned in, Cas pulled back. Dean looked at him with hurt in his eyes. "There is no need to do that. I'm not a child, you dont have to appease me." Cas said.
Cas could hear him ascend the bunker stairs, and when the door closed he walked into the hall.
-'Okay. How about the diner in town, around 7?'
"Get your things and leave, now," Cas says again, stomping to his bedroom. He snatches up Michael's shirt and shoes, pushing them into his hands, and shoves him towards the door. Michael doesn't have a chance to respond, stunned as he's forcibly pushed through the door and Cas slams it in his face.
Dean looks down at the table, nodding. "I did." When he looks back up, he catches Cas' eyes, and the look there is so intense Cas can't breathe for a moment. "I would do anything to fix this, Cas. You're my everything."
Cas sighs again, drops his head, then straightens and looks Dean in the eyes. "There's a thing, a vintage television, by the road over there. I want it, for my work, and I didn't want to say anything because I know it's hard to understand. But when I see something like that, I know I can make it better, and if I don't take it it's just going to end up in a landfill somewhere when it could be something
'Maybe tomorrow will be better' he thought to himself, as he drifted off to sleep.
"I'm going with, dad. They understand." She says, and when he looks around the girls are nodding.
Cas let off a small laugh "I didnt do anything this time." He moved his hands until they were resting on Dean's hips. Rubbing his thumbs along the waistband of his pants, Cas looked down, noticing Dean's still hard cock. "Oh. I'm sorry, I didnt even think."
"Really?" He asked, reaching out to grab them.
He felt Cas shake his head against him. "There is no getting out of it. The deal was clear."
After what feels like hours of deliberation (but in reality is a very long thirty minutes) Dean says fuck it and settles on his nice dark wash jeans and green Henley, with his canvas jacket. Top it off with his nice boots, some hair gel, and he thinks it's is as good as it's gonna get.
"Yeah I have no idea. I put her back in the coop, the others are still there, and I locked it up for you."
Dean placed his hands on Cas' hips, pulling him even closer to his body. He felt Cas shiver against him.
Fucking promised, and here Michael is, in their apartment, in Cas' room, doing god knows what. Jesus, Dean can literally feel his heart breaking.
"A dog was in the yard." Cas says, wavering, breath hitching. "It's Lunch, she's hurt."
When the food is ready, he loads it onto two plates, sets them on the table, and goes back out to the deck. "Dean, can you come inside?" Cas asks, and doesn't wait for an answer, just walks back in and sits down at the table.
"Me too. Let's go grab one!" Courtney said.
Cas sits on the floor of his room and pulls another box towards himself. They've been officially moved in since Monday, four days now, and it feels like the stacks of boxes are never ending. Once the box is open, he looks inside and sighs, standing and picking it up. He takes it down the hall and knocks on the door at the other end.
As the music ended, Cas picked up each shot, downing them one after the other, until all four glasses were empty and upended on the bar, then he took a swig of the beer.
The Impala is rumbling down the road, and Dean is almost home when he hears a clucking from the behind him.
"Seven years? Wow, that's impressive." Cas says with awe, then immediate clicks his mouth shut in embarrassment.
Cas settles into the couch, in his favorite flannel pajama pants, comfy tshirt, and a cup of tea on the side table. He pulls the laptop and paperwork out of the bag, sets it up on the coffee table, and gets to work.
They sit in companionable silence until the door opens and the girls come out followed by Dean.
As he entered the kitchen, he look around for Sam, but instead found Cas, head down on the table, a steaming cup in front of him.
"On my way to the emergency vet." Cas says.
"You cant be comfortable." Cas said, running his hand through Dean's hair.
Dean just shook his head, and continued to pull the shirt on.
Cas laughed. "Yes, of course." Cas pulled on Dean's hand. "Let's go."
He settles in, mentally cataloguing everything he needs to do to the clock, what materials he has, what he'll need to pick up. By the time he has his list fully formed in his head, his stop is coming up.
"I will go with Jack. You need to stay here. With Cas." Sam said definitively.
He says nothing.
Dean's mind was a pleasant jumble of thoughts. 'That's good. Fuck yes. Cas. Cas is in me. Fucking me. Cas. Cas. Yes. FUCK AAA NGHH'. Dean's body spasmed as a shock of pleasure shot through him. "The fuck?" He panted out.
"You can sit" Cas is just standing in the doorway awkwardly, so Dean points at the stools on the other side of the island. Once Cas is seated, Dean asks "you want something to drink?"
"Whenever you're ready, I'll be here Dean" Cas said.
"Come on Dean! The way you look at each other? The way you both always find a way to stand right next to each other? I'm not blind... But that's not the point. The point is, if you want this, then you need to fix it. And soon."
"Seriously, let me talk to him. I'd hate for anything to happen to you, for you to get fired or something, because I have shitty taste in men."
Cas looks at the time then looks back at him. "It's very early." He says, and his voice is low and quiet like he's been sleeping, which he probably had been pretty recently, and it pulls at Dean's heart.
--'Yes I remember! I was hoping you'd text. What happened with Cas? Did you explain? Did he understand?'
"Castiel," Michael starts, trying to reach out again, but Cas just sees red and pushes him away again.
"What's so funny?" Cas asked, confused.
"You could come inside, dry off first." Cas replies, moving back infinitesimally.
Tears are gathering in Cas' eyes, and he can't stop them. He tries to subtly wipe them away, but Dean looks up at him and concern covers his face. "Sweetheart" his tone is so loving.
, I need you. Please, fuck me.
Shrugging, Cas looks away blushing. "You seem to like simple things with lots of flavor. Burgers, fries, I'd guess that you enjoy pie. And I saw you eyeing the beer section of the menu, before your date ordered for you."
It hurt to see Dean so upset. Even if Scott knew exactly why he was. Scott knew that for once in his life, Dean had fallen in love at first sight. It was adorable, even if this part wasn’t supposed to happen. Before Scott could reply to him, Ash came loping up in his beat up cowboy boots. Scott still was a bit unnerved by Ash sometimes. Ash hugged Dean tightly, although Dean never let go of Scott’s hand. Then all hell started to break out, Ash was saying that he hadn’t seen this coming, even with all the time he and Benny had been spending together. “Dean! No!” Scott cried, as Dean let his arm go back, going to hit Ash.
"Yes, it would have been. It would've been a direct result of something to do with me. Dean, please just listen to me. I don't blame you. I forgive you."
In Dean's room, they silently strip down to boxers and tshirts and climb into the bed. Cas pulls Dean into his arms, Dean's head pillowed on his chest, and drifts off to sleep with his face pressed into Dean's hair.
Dean's not exactly sure how this happened, as he brings his laptop and paperwork to the table. He'd actually completely forgotten about Claire's offer of her father's help when he realized Cas is her dad. Though, he's not gonna complain. Having someone figure this shit out for him, and possibly spending more time with Cas, it's a win win.
Ellen is a woman probably in her fifties with graying hair and a sharp but motherly voice, who's arguing with a blonde woman behind the bar when Cas walks in.
"Cas" he breathes out, almost a whisper, as he sees recognition, surprise, then hurt flash through Cas' eyes before a mask comes up and covers every emotion.
Cas turns around, taking in Dean's look with a puzzled look of his own. After a minute realization seems to dawn on him and he smiles. "No, not lunch. Lunch. That's her name." He says, before turning around and walking up the stairs, like that isn't the most random name for a chicken he's ever heard.
Cas pushes his basically empty plate away, and asks to see the work.
Dean's still speechless, happiness rolling in his chest. He turns back to the counter and pours a cup of coffee, smiling to himself the whole time.
As they're eating, Emma is talking to Claire, and he and Dean are just enjoying the evening, but Cas starts to pay attention when he hears a few words that Emma is saying.
"How did you-?" Claire says with wide eyes.
"Dean," Cas says quietly, like he can't believe his own eyes.
"Yes. He just got back, I wanted him to know I'd be back to see him. He deserved that much" Cas replied.
What? Cas is trying to sort through everything Dean just said in his head, because none of it is connecting. "I don't understand."
Cas' shoulders sank, his resolve to leave softening at the desperation in Dean's voice.
"Okay, where is it?" Dean asks, as he starts walking toward where Cas had pointed before.
"Dont, Sammy. Just dont... Dont say... Just dont." Dean said, looking down.
Then Cas decided, why not, and leaned forward towards Dean, studying him to see if he'd pull away. When Dean didnt back down, Cas pressed his lips to Deans.
"What kind of problem?" Dean asks curiously.
"I'd be a LARPing virgin for one, which I could most definitely live with." Dean says, but he has a teasing smile on his face. Cas has absolutely no idea what that means, but seeing Dean smile so fondly at someone makes butterflies flutter in his stomach.
"You were eavesdropping" Cas responded. It wasnt a question.
"Cant a man who almost died get 5 minutes alone without you freaking out?" Dean asked, shoving his phone in his pocket.
"So I packed my stuff up that day, moved out, and never looked back." Courney finished.
"I am not. There's no reason for me to." He tries, again, to pass the bag over, but Claire just crosses her arms.
Dean pulled his face back from Cas' and closed his eyes. Fuck this hurts, he thought, but knowing it was Cas' fingers inside of him made his cock twitch.
"So what are you going to do?" Sam asked, concern coloring his voice.
Dean looked over at Cas too, and saw his face softening.
They stood like that, clinging to each other, for another couple of minutes before they broke apart and headed to the car.
Cas grabbed ahold of the back of Dean's head and pulled it towards him, pressing their lips together. Cas pushed his tongue past Dean's lips and into his mouth, tasting the burn of the whiskey, and something salty. He was tasting himself in Dean's mouth. He started to grow hard again at this.
He wants. He wants his husband below him, stripped bare except for the soft silky covering. He wants to tease him and taste him then fuck into him until hes incoherent and coming everywhere. He
They headed to the garage, and climbed in the car. Dean started her up, then looked at Cas. "Umm, Cas. I dont know where we're going."
"What're you doing back?" He asks, looking between them.
Dean shrugged. "Just a little. It's alright, you gave me the push I needed to do what I'd been wanting to do for a long time." He looked at Cas, and saw Cas try to hide a small smile.
"Mhmm thanks Cas." He said, not opening his eyes. Cas chuckled, and Dean opened one eye to look at him. "What?"
They prepare the food, all working around each other in the kitchen, joking and laughing and playing, and it's perfect. When Dean goes outside to grill, Cas finishes up inside with the girls, and they're all sitting down at the patio table on the deck as the sun is going down behind the trees.
Dean turns his stare on his daughter, but she won't look at him now. "What the hell, Em?"
"You, Dean, are an amazing caring human being." Dean starts to look away in embarrassment, but Cas catches his chin with his knuckle and turns his head back. "I am so beyond proud of you for what you did." Cas slides his hands up, cupping Dean's face in them. "You are perfect, and I wouldn't change a thing about you. I don't give a shit about that job, or that you quit, or any of it. I care that you stood up for what was right, because that's what makes you who you are. The man I love."
Disappointment fills him as he texts back.
Cas kissed the top of Dean's head. "Sleep well, my love."
Comments and kudos are much appreciated!
Closing the last of the distance between them, Cas brings his hand up, sliding it behind Dean's neck before pressing their lips together.
Following Dean to the door, he tries to pull himself together, but he can't. He loves those damn chickens, and it hurts that he didn't protect them well enough.
Dean sighs. "It's really personal, but basically after I left he went on a year and a half bender, fucked some chick to try to make himself not gay, and got her pregnant on accident. God, I totally fucked him up."
: Be there in 10
Dean smiled and nodded "yeah. It means she likes the books."
"Nothing" Cas looked down again. "Theres nothing I can do, except wait for it. I'm not going to leave, or give this up, out of fear."
"Yeah Cas, I do. All of it." Dean says, and Cas can almost feel his heart stop and then start again. "I always have, I've just never found someone I wanted it with. Until you."
He went to set the phone back down, and laughed to himself when he heard an immediate beep.
So Dean had packed his stuff, stored most of his furniture and things he wouldn't need any time soon, and moved into Cas' apartment. They've been best friends for years, so living together has come easily to them. They move around each other seamlessly, share space, and even have a stupid chore routine down that Dean scoffed at but is secretly pleased about.
"You won't" Cas says into his skin, then kisses back up until their lips are together again. He grips Dean's hips and turns him around, backing him toward the bed. "You never will." Cas reassures, as his hands slide up under Dean's shirt, feeling his soft warm skin under his fingers.
Dean leaned forward and kissed Cas, before turning and walking out of the kitchen toward his bedroom.
He can't actually see the man's personal area, luckily blocked by the seat back in front of him, but it's clear even more now as the man's hand speeds up as he watches Dean.
Starting the car, Cas heads out to the hardware store. He picks up what he'll need to make a temporary chicken pen for outside, and stuff to set up an indoor area for Lunch to heal, then heads home.
"No, just the check." Gordon replies. The woman sets it down, and walks away as Gordon grabs it.
"Fuck, I missed you." Dean says quietly, fingers still carding through Cas' hair. "I missed you so much." He presses his lips back to Cas'. "Never wanna be away from you again." His words mumbled against Cas' lips.
Cas waves a hand up in dismissal. "It's fine. Everything worked out. I have Claire, and she has me, and as you said before, that's what matters."
Courtney smiled and clinked her glass against his.
Cas laughed a little, looking down at his hand still on Dean's. "Yes. That I was your boyfriend. We hardly even kissed."
"For what?"
"It wasnt nothing. It was amazing. It was perfect." Dean said, pulling Cas to him and giving him a small kiss. When he pulled back, he gestured toward the door to the bunker. "You know, they're probably in there waiting to ask us all about it."
"No, Dean, not that. I remember that very well. What happened afterward? You rushed away from me so fast. We went too far, didn't we? I knew I should've stopped you. I tried, but you seemed determined, like you really wanted to. I'm sorry." Cas said this all very fast, trying to get it out before he lost his nerve.
"This is amazing, Cas" he whispered.
God, he wishes. He wishes there had been another way. That he could've stayed, been with Cas, shown him how much he was loved for who he was. He wishes things had been different for them. Even though he doesn't in some ways. If they had been different, if he had been able to stay, he wouldn't have Emma and Cas wouldn't have Claire. He just wishes he could've saved Cas all that pain.
Dean stared into the depths of Cas' blue eyes. "I love you." He whispered.
When Cas pulls up to the vet, he can see Dean already there, pacing outside the door. He gently slides the box with Lunch inside into his lap before climbing out of the car.
Cas let's his head thump onto the table, tears in his eyes again. Why can't he just
And damn if the adorable bastard didn't use actual air quotes when he said that.
"It's really not a big deal. So, you getting coffee? The pie here is really good." Ah, there he is, Dean Winchester, Master Of Avoidance And Subject Change.
"What is it?" Sam asked, knowing full well by the look on Cas' face there was something wrong.
Cas and Courtney raised their glasses, and they all downed the liquid.
"Dean, why are you doing this?" Cas asks, because if Dean is that pissed at him then why is he here?
Cas looks over at the girls snuggled in the bed, then back at Dean and his look is so fond Dean almost can't handle it.
Dean shudders again and nods, dick twitching under satin, body almost vibrating with need.
When he finally drags himself out of bed, he heads to the kitchen to make some coffee, and sits on the couch, reminiscing about the past couple of days.
at all hurts.
"I've never had sex before." He blurts out, refusing to look up to see the disgust that's probably on Dean's face. "I've never even kissed anybody until today. I'm sorry." He feels so ashamed, and can feel his cheeks heating in embarrassment. Why would Dean, who's so experienced, who knows what he's doing, knows exactly how to make a person feel good, ever want to be with someone like him?
Dean spent a while exploring every inch of Cas' exposed skin with his hands and his mouth. Kissing, licking, and nibbling all over. Once he was thoroughly satisfied with that, he unbuttoned Cas' pants and slid them off, leaving him in just his boxers.
"Dean, I'm not going to change my mind" Cas stated. "I've walked this earth for so many millenia and have never had this feeling, until now. Until you." Cas turned his eyes towards the floor. "After everything though, I cant help but worry about the next time you decide I'm dead to you."
He looked into Dean's eyes as his tip slowly moved inside of him. Dean closed his eyes, throwing his head back into the pillow.
"Come on, dad. Don't embarrass me. I'm fourteen, and you can clearly see they have their shit together." She says, gesturing to the house.
." Dean begs, sending more arousal southward, and Cas doesn't think he's ever been this turned on in his life.
Cas reached back and set his mug down, untouched. "Why did you do it?"
"Its okay. I got to be happy, even if it was for just a little while." Cas said, wrapping his arms around Dean. "I'm so sorry."
Cas leaned back over Dean, putting his weight on his left forearm, and slid his right hand in between them. Dean bent his left leg, giving Cas more access.
Setting his phone aside, Cas turns the lamp off and slides down in the bed, pulling the sheets over himself. For the second night in a row, he can't banish the thoughts of Dean.
Dean set his phone down on the table. "Tonight at 7, at the diner." He said to Cas.
The beep was almost immediate again.
Dean is trembling and moaning and pushing down against his fingers and by the time he gets a third one in Dean is babbling and begging and it's turning Cas on even more. His own cock is throbbing and leaking between his legs, and he wants to be inside Dean so fucking bad but he holds himself off and works to stretch Dean out even more until he can get a fourth one in.
They do cake, and the girls are ecstatic about the sundaes, and then they're gone upstairs again. Dean sends Charlie up with them, insisting that he'll be fine, and then he's alone with his own misery.
Cas walked a little further into the room, and turned to look at the TV. "Harry Potter? We watched some of these, didn't we?" He asked.
"So fucking gorgeous, my love. So perfect." Cas mumbles, lowering his head to press open mouthed kisses to Dean's skin along the top of the panties. Dean shifts against the bed, looking for friction, and Cas uses a hand to hold his hips down. Dean easily relents, stills his movements, but fists the sheets again, a whimper escaping his lips.
"Good morning Dean" Cas replied, a smile on his face. "How did you sleep?"
Dean shook his head, his anger resolving. "I dont know. I fucked up."
Cas really needs some backup here, so he looks to Dean again. "Dean!" Cas says, and finally Dean looks up at him. "Are you listening to your daughter?"
Dean just stared at him. "I wanted to say what I had to say in person. Plus... I didnt think you'd message me back."
Once inside the foyer, Dean turns to Cas to ask if he wants something to drink or anything, but Cas is on him in a second, mouth devouring the words Dean hadn't gotten a chance to say.
"Language, Claire. And I don't care, I'm not sending my child into a house with people I've never met."
The only reason Dean and Cas are even still friends is because Cas finally came to his senses, left Michael, and begged Dean to forgive him for abandoning him. Of course Dean had, but Cas promised he was done with him and would never go back.
He sets the card on the table, and starts packing up the laptop. "I put my cell number on there. You can just text me when you're finished, if you want." When Dean looks at him, he looks unsure again, like he did when Claire was offering up his help. "Or not. You could just have Claire let Emma know. Whatever works for you." Dean looks back to what hes doing with the laptop, ducking his head, and tells himself it doesn't matter if Cas doesn't want him to have his number.
He makes his way to the door, a scathing remark about minding his own business on the tip of his tongue that gets cut off as soon as the door is open.
"What?!"
Cas nods. "If you're sure."
Gordon nods and grins. "Yeah, that's great, thank you."
"Okay sweetheart, just stay calm. I'll meet you there, I'm leaving now." Dean starts rushing to his car again.
The second half of the day is spent in a constant state of nerves. It gets so bad that, with two hours still left in his shift, Dean has dropped his tools no less than five times, and Bobby, his boss and pseudo uncle, has grumbled at him countless times before finally just telling him to go home, as he's apparently a danger to himself and the vehicles he's working on.
Emma gets up too, and Dean can see she's already dressed and ready to go, and he smiles a little at how much his daughter cares.
Cas sat there just staring at Dean for what felt like an eternity, not saying a word. He could see Cas was still angry, but his face was softening a little.
Standing up, Cas takes another look at the boxes. "At least try to put one or two away before dinner please." When she nods, he leaves the room and heads back to his own.
"Just a little. Let me do this for you, Cas." Dean replied, continuing to unbutton.
Cas watches as Dean pulls a small stack of papers out of the bag, sliding them across the table. Moving the divorce papers to the side, Cas takes ahold of Dean's offering and looks down at them.
At the end of a sigh, Sam says "yeah, I knew."
He knew this would probably come eventually, but he thought since Cas hadn't brought it up yet that maybe he wasn't going to.
Their lips meet in the middle, and just like every time, Cas gets swept away in Dean's kiss, the feeling of Dean under his hands, his taste in his mouth. He slides his hand around until his fingers are carding through the hair at the back of Dean's neck, and Dean moans low in his throat, pulling Cas closer.
Dean gets the bus rolling again, pulled into the station, has the stray feathers cleaned up and is out in less than five minutes. The bosses are gone for the day, but he gets a stern look from the dispatcher at the desk. Dean doesn't say a word, quickly clocks out, gathers his stuff, and heads back toward the parking lot on foot.
"No" Cas shakes his head, covering a yawn. "I didn't think you were coming."
Mainly, he can't stop thinking about what happened with Dean, and why he freaked out and withdrew. He has some guesses. For one, it's too soon, it's
Moving his lips to Dean's ear, he whispers "turn over my love", and Dean quickly complies. Cas takes a moment to soak in his husband from behind. His muscled back, smooth skin, tight ass covered with the lovely satin. A shiver goes through him, and he can't wait to feel that tight heat around him.
"And Dean will have the blackened chicken with broccoli and mushroom risotto." Gordon hands his menu to Cas without even looking at him and smiles at Dean, who is now flabbergasted at the nerve of this guy. He definitely doesn't know him well enough to be ordering his food for him. And
Dean is surprised for a second, but can feel himself grinning as he takes ahold of Cas' hand and leads him back to the front of the building.
Dean gives him an unsure look, because, well, he's unsure. Cas looks honest, and upset that Dean's leaving, but it all just seems like an excuse. If it is, though, why is Cas asking him to stay? Fuck, dating is hard. Maybe he should just give it up altogether.
Dean's hands were everywhere, grabbing and scratching and pulling as Cas slammed into him. Dean was almost chanting his name Cas, Cas, Cas, mixed in with what sounded like please and finally.
They're nice, affordable, in the area, but they're all missing something. They're all missing Cas.
"You're scared" was Dean's response.
"What's wrong?" Dean asked, taking note of the worried look on Cas' face.
You got me like
It was really hard to know what to say right now. Scott was just dealing with so much. He just couldn’t handle Caitlyn right now. He needed time to breathe. “I told you, I would call you when I was ready to let you in. You’ve got no plans to let Ma into your life. I can’t deal with this. My boyfriend almost died. I am still processing that. He doesn’t remember most of our romantic relationship. I am trying to be there for him. You are making that harder for me.” Scott brushed black curls out of his eyes, he of course had on the Robin eye mask. Caitlyn was looking very chagrined. “You need to go. I can’t do this. Not right now.” Scott could feel his legs threatening to go out on him. Scott kept his eyes on her until she left. Scott sank to the floor then, and Dean moved to lift him, and Scott knew he was taking him to Stiles. As Scott was placed on Stiles’ lap, he managed to mumble a thank you and Dean left them alone. Scott pressed his head into Stiles’ neck, he was trying to keep from having a panic attack. They were like that for the rest of the party, Scott was unwilling to let go of Stiles. Stiles got him to eat, but that was about it. Scott sat there and Stiles held him, Scott doing his best to keep his breathing even. Scott kind of hoped Caitlyn would just go back to Texas, so he could stop thinking about her.
A couple of days later, and Benny was still missing. But he’d left Gatlin, so they were all breathing a little easier. Cas was home with Belle, they were waiting for Dean to get home with food, and Scott and Stiles were coming over. It was board game night. Cas was reading on the couch while Belle watched tv and played with Barbies. They’d had an uneventful but worrisome couple of days. Jo and Sam had gotten into some trouble looking for Benny themselves, and they were grounded. So that’s why they weren’t coming tonight. Cas was kind of touched they’d wanted to find Benny though, so he wouldn’t hurt anyone else.
Finishing up with the stitches, Sam shook his head. “You can’t beat yourself up like that, Dean. You didn’t ask Benny to come and do this to you.” Before he could say anything more, Scott and Jo had gotten back. And once Jo had gotten Belle into her playpen, they told him that Benny had gotten to Cas, too, and Cas was in the hospital.
Lydia waited until Scott had lied and said that he was mostly okay before she spoke. “You can count on me for anything.” With her new friendship with Jo, Lydia wanted to get to know everyone in her world. But, that being said, Jo wasn’t the one Lydia had a crush on. She’d not told anyone about that. Allison Argent was possibly out of Lydia’s reach, and one one really was. Lydia was gorgeous, rich, and very popular. She didn’t let herself get too caught up in herself. She looked like a vapid redhead, but she wasn’t. She was actually very intelligent. Lydia set her green eyes on Stiles. Things like this didn’t happen in Gatlin. “As soon as Stiles gets better, we’ll have a party and celebrate.” Scott gave her a soft smile and nodded slightly. Lydia loved hiring their band for her parties. And she’d never had a crush on Dean, despite rumors in Gatlin that said so. She did however, know that Callie was crushing on her. Callie could possibly have a shot down the line, but Gabrielle Novak was never going to get anywhere. Lydia was distrustful of her for what she’d done to Cas. That didn’t sit well with Lydia. It was like another betrayal from someone who was in the community. That just really was not cool with her. She kept her eyes on Scott, who was trying to keep his eyes on his homework. “Are you okay, Scott? I mean, really?”
On the other hand, Stiles was calm, and knew to call Jodi and let her know what was going on. She wouldn’t ask any questions. He told Dean he was calling her and told Dean to try and revive Cas with something cold. Scott came in to check with Stiles to see what was going on. He got a hold of Jodi and filled her in, and she said she’d be over with EMTs. That settled, Stiles filled Scott in on what was happening. Stiles gave his boyfriend a soft kiss. “It’s going to be okay, we’re all going to be okay.” Stiles himself couldn’t get what Cas was going through, but Scott could. His father had abused him as a child. And right now, Scott was triggered, and he was freaking out. Stiles immediately made sure he sat down, and hugged him tightly. He was glad Rafe had left when Scott was only eight. Melissa, Scott’s mother, didn’t know how deep the abuse ran. It had been more than just physical. Stiles couldn’t believe that all of this had happened, and that Benny had told people that. He had just pretty much given Cas his final
Adjusting her backpack, Jo looked at him with anger flashing in her eyes. She did have studying to do, but she didn’t find his dismissive attitude funny. “You think I can’t take you? You wouldn’t hit a girl. You’re a good Southern boy.” Jo told him, and stormed inside, looking for her boyfriend. Jo sometimes really didn’t like Ash. She moved inside and found Sam in the waiting area, doing his homework. Dean was on his way out, Belle on his hip. Scott was leaving too. Jo supposed they must have had a band meeting. Jo joined her boyfriend with a kiss and got straight to work. They were fresh back from Christmas vacation.
Letting Dean tug him close, Cas wondered why he’d not told Dean at least. “I should have told you. Right now I can’t remember why I didn’t. But I told you now. I just… I don’t….” Cas wasn’t sure that he could put what he felt into words. He buried his head in Dean’s neck and took a deep breath. He loved how Dean smelled. “I couldn’t…. I don’t know what or how to say…. How I feel.” Cas knew that sounded wrong. “He… it was over so fast but felt like it lasted forever. He told me… he said it was the only way I’d ever get to sleep with you.” This was said with a shaking breath. They didn’t get to have sex yet, Cas was still in his cast. They had six weeks to go. They had however, done oral. Dean had given Cas a bj and Cas had pegged him while he’d been doing it. It had actually been totally amazing. He kept his face in Dean’s neck as he spoke. “I’m glad it wasn’t my first time, yeah. I… I’ve been on some chat blogs and forums to try and deal with it. It hasn’t been easy. But Dean, I’m sorry that I didn’t tell you. Maybe it was a subconscious thing, like I felt it was my fault or something. But I should have told you.” His blue eyes had filled with tears, and his boyfriend tilted his face so they could look into each other’s eyes. Cas looked into those beautiful green eyes. He hoped that he’d be able to look into them for the rest of his life.
If you wanna go then
That was something that Dean just couldn’t wrap his brain around, a sibling not caring if the other almost died. “I’m sorry, babe. That must have been awful for you.” He said, as he flipped over chicken. Dean loved cooking. It helped keep his mind off things that had been going on. Dean changed the subject, to help Cas. I think Dad’s going out with Jody tonight.” Dean had taken a lot of cajoling for his dad to go out with her. “She’s a great woman, and I know Dad needs to start trying to move on for real from Mary.” Dean flipped the chicken again and added it to a plate. They were ready to eat. “Belle, it’s time to eat, babygirl.” Dean called out, and her little legs came running into the kitchen, and threw herself at Cas’ legs. Crying out “Pop-Pop!” Dean’s heart and stomach fluttered. He knew Cas was the one from the way Belle had taken to him. Dean was moving to put food on the table. He couldn’t stop thinking about how Gabrielle hadn’t seemed concerned about her brother’s life. If Sam had almost died, Dean would have been there. And he’d’ve fallen apart. Dean moved to go and get them something to drink. He watched as Belle let Cas help her into her booster seat. Dean was falling more for Cas every day.
Looking at the outstretched hand, Dean wondered what he was going to say. He did shake his hand though. “Um, okay.” He said, and his gaze moved to his father. John looked back at him with a look that told him with a look that told him Belle was going to be fine. Dean’s baby brother Sam was 14 and he was spending his summer with some of his nerdy friends. Dean met the eyes of Ash, this other mechanic, and he waggled his eyebrows at Dean. Ash, (whose last name they did not know) gave Dean a grin as well. He was the only one Dean had told about his sexual pull towards men. It was something Dean was afraid to tell his dad and Bobby.
It was the day before Halloween Scott was waiting for Caitlyn at the Tastee Freeze. They hadn’t met up yet. Scott wanted to meet her in public. Dean had told Scott that she’d shown up at the hospital. Scott was working on a hot fudge sundae while he waited. Stiles had wanted to come with him, but Scott thought he should do this alone. He didn’t want to scare Caitlyn off, or overwhelm himself. Scott wasn’t sure that he was ready for this, either. His mami had wanted to come, but Scott again hadn’t wanted to overwhelm his sister. Taking a large bite, he saw her coming.
Pressing his lips to Cas’, Dean kissed him deeply and passionately. Then he leaned down to Belle, who was watching them with curious green eyes. “Belle, Daddy and Cas are going to get married. He’s going to be your daddy, too.” He said, wondering what he would have to explain. But she loved Cas. She already considered him family. “Okay. Do I get to be flower girl?” Was all she asked. Dean laughed and told her of course she did. Then Dean turned to Cas. “We’ll have ham and au gratin potatoes.” Cas nodded and they move off to go get the box of potatoes. Cas could do them from scratch, but Dean thought this would be easier today. “And we’re having hot fudge sundaes to celebrate.” He grinned, off they went.
That had been so amazing, Cas could barely catch his breath. Dean moved off him, grabbing an old towel to wipe them both clean of come. Cas had Dean pass him some pj bottoms, and he managed to get them on sans Dean’s help. He set his eyes on Dean, who was pulling on a pair of silky, lacy pair of boy shorts before he pulled on his own pj bottoms and a Gatlin High School tee shirt. It was faded from many washings over the years. Cas loved when he slept in that, it smelled so much like Dean that Cas always got right to sleep. “I love you, Dean.” Cas’ eyes welled up with the amount of emotion in his voice.
"You made this?" Cas asks quietly, reaching out to run his hand along the wood. "For me?"
"Okay daddy. We're just finishing something up. Can we have like fifteen minutes, please?" She says in her innocent voice.
It's over.
Neither are aware of the two girls sitting at the top of the stairs listening, arms around each other and tears in their eyes.
As he pulled on his last piece of clothing, and continued to attempt to control his breathing, he heard Cas behind him say "Dean" quietly.
Cas smiles a brilliant blinding smile and looks down. "Thank you Dean." He says, before pushing his phone into Dean's hands. Dean quickly enters his number, and hands it back. "I appreciate it."
But, this last week has been weird.
Cas shakes his head to himself. This is crazy.
"You can't know everything, sweetheart. She's here and you're here and they're gonna take care of her. It'll all be fine." Dean's fingers are carding through his hair, and he just let's them because it feels nice and its grounding.
"Bye Cas" Dean says to the inside of the car. He watches to make sure Cas gets inside, then drives home.
It was an interesting feeling for Dean. It stung a bit, but wasnt unpleasant. He felt Cas stretching him out, before he added a second finger. That one hurt a bit, and Dean sucked in a sharp breath, clenching his teeth. Cas sucked Dean's bottom lip into his mouth, chewing it, trying to distract him from the pain.
It's taking everything he has not to just pound into Dean's amazing heat, but he holds on, his grip tight against Dean's hips. He loosens his grip, and drops down onto his hands until he can kiss Dean, which is a good distraction for a moment.
Dean sat down on the couch, and Cas stood there for a moment before he followed and sat down too.
"Yes, and you got involved. You do not get involved. You call it in, call the police, and stay out of it. It is not your place to interfere." Naomi says, and if she didn't have such a stern look on her face Dean would think there was no way she was serious about this.
"Numbers make sense." Is the only answer Cas gives, but he sounds almost melancholy.
Dean looks around, then back at his daughter with narrowed eyes. "Emma." He says, part question part accusation.
While Dean's making the call, Cas goes out back and gets the chickens settled in their new home. The home that Dean built for them. Cas still can't get over how Dean did this for him. The little house is beautiful, and cozy, and perfect, just like the man.
"We should shower" Dean says, and the fear is back. Dean seeing him naked, nobody's ever seen him naked. He doesn't think he's ready for that yet. But before it can consume him, Dean's hand is on his face, soothing, calming. "Separately, sweetheart."
Sam was quiet for a while. Then he said "but you wanted to kiss Cas."
One more thanks to my awesome beta and friend Marvfortytwo, you're amazing and I love you.
Dean sucked faster, working his tongue up and down.
Dean shrugged. "I told Cas last night, before you got back, that I thought you two would get along."
The first half of the day is normal, boring. Nothing unusual to note. Same route, different people, same shit as most every day, and Dean's actually glad for that after this last week.
Dean's face falls again. "You don't believe me."
"Nah I'm good. I should be tired, but I'm not at all" Dean replied.
: It's no problem. You're actually doing me a huge favor. I hate hiring people, especially when I don't know if they're good at what they do. So thank you.
Cas nods once, and then they're just looking at each other again. After a minute Cas says "well I better go" and turns around and is out the door before Dean can even say anything.
Cas grabs ahold of Dean's arm and turns him back. "Please, tell me what happened. Why is your face bruised?" Cas asks, fingertip lightly grazing Dean's cheek, concern still evident on his face.
Dean shook his head, then downed the whole glass and poured himself another.
"I'm not. And neither is Emma. We knew you'd be perfect together if you'd just get your heads out of your-"
Dean nods. "Okay." His shoulders slump in rejection. When he starts to move away, Cas' hand shoots out of it's own accord, grabbing onto Dean's arm to stop him. Then the words are flowing out of him.
Cas releases Dean's cock, and sits back on his haunches, pulling his fingers out. Dean shudders at the loss, and Cas rolls on the condom and slicks himself up, his touch providing some much needed relief to his own leaking member.
"Hey Scottie, Hennessy and a beer. And keep em coming" Dean said.
"Look... I'm sorry. I hope you're not upset. Sam said you were fine, but I wanted to talk to you myself about what happened." She said, shifting nervously on her feet.
They're carrying the TV wordlessly between them, and Dean's only a little breathless because the fucker really is heavy, but just being in Cas' presence again is doing things to him.
Cas felt Dean move the leg that was between his thighs, and let out a loud involuntary moan as it pressed against his hard length.
"Sure. If you need anything, just holler. I'll be here, stuck in an endless loop of numbers that don't add up." Dean says, shooting them a finger gun. Why a finger gun? He has no damn idea.
Cas is jolted awake by knocking. He pushes the blanket off and stands up, rubbing his eyes as he heads to the front door and pulls it open. His eyes are still a little blurred, but he can see Dean standing there on his porch.
Moving to sit down with them, Callie wasn’t sure what to say. “Alright. It’s fine. I won’t say anything.” Looking at them, Callie wondered what Dean would have done, because Sam seemed relieved. Callie had gotten nuggets and fries, and she pulled them out, along with her ranch dipping sauce. Callie sipped her Coke and dipped a nugget. This whole John on a date thing was kind of throwing her. It apparently wasn’t  regular thing. Callie had met Jody at the Gatlin library, she’d seemed pretty cool. Callie was just curious as to how serious this was going to get. Dean seemed chill about it, which Callie could tell was a big deal.
Cas grabbed ahold of Dean's shirt and slid it over his head, exposing a wonderful expanse of bare chest. Then he sat up a bit, pulling his own shirt over his head.
Once he's showered and in bed, he's resolved to put on a happy face at home and act like nothing bad happens at work from now on.
He hasn't felt this good in such a long time, the peaceful afterglow of an orgasm with a wonderful man, said man's arms around him, warm and comfortable. Dean easily drifts off to sleep, smile never leaving his face.
Dean can see Cas is getting aggravated, but he turns to Dean and with a tight voice asks "would you like me to have them remake yours, sir?"
"Cas asked you to leave?" Sam sounds incredulous.
"I wish you wouldnt do that right now" Cas said.
That sends a sharp pain through Cas' chest again. "Don't. Don't do that. You're the one who broke this."
"Cas. If this is about last night. I'm sor-" Dean started to say.
For AB, my own angel who helped me through some of the darkest times of my life. Our story didn't end the same way as theirs did, but I'll forever be grateful you were there.
"Hey, I went home. See." She gestured down to her different clothes. "But I wanted to see how it went, and Sam invited me back."
"Actually, Heaven is-" Cas started, then looked at Dean. "It was just a phrase, wasnt it?"
"Let me help you" Cas said.
Dean doesn't know how it happens, but he's suddenly in front of Cas, his hand cupping Cas' cheek, leaning in and pressing their mouths together. He hears a choked sob escape Cas' throat, and then Cas is kissing back, clinging onto his shirt, and it's the most amazing thing he's ever felt in his life.
"It's hard to back up and take a look at logic when it's your own kid, trust me I know. When Emma had to have her tonsils out, I hovered for a solid month. I'm surprised she didn't murder me in my sleep." Dean says, and okay this is easy, talking about the kids.
"What?" Cas asked, realizing Dean was staring at him.
Dean looked up at Cas' questioningly, his mouth still half full of Cas.
Dean stood there, trapped in his own head. In an attempt to calm down, he told himself this is Cas, my best friend, one of the people I care about most in this world. Dont push him away. Calm down. Everything's fine.
"I'd like to know, too." Dean mumbles to the onions. He sets the knife down and looks at Cas, leaning on his hands braced on the edge of the counter. "It's just me. Just me and Emma. Sorry to disappoint."
"You always need a drink, Dean" Cas responded.
By the time Dean gets home, his energy is depleted and he wants nothing more than to collapse on the couch. He kicks his boots off, shuffles down the hallway, and does just that, burying his head into the cushions.
"I know, it was my fault. But a text, or something, anything, would've been better than silence."
After a bit, Dean nodded, indicating he was ready. Cas pulled back a little, still very slowly, and pushed back in. A few more times, and Dean barely felt the sting anymore.
Need and want course through him with those words. He's never wanted anything more than he wants Dean in this moment.
Cas shifts nervously. She said everything, so does that mean she actually knows
Cas chuckled "yeah, pretty quickly really."
When he looks at Dean, Dean shifts on his feet and nods. "I'm not good at the whole art thing, but I can build. It's not perfect, and it can never compare to what you do, but I wanted you to have something for the girls, other than that shed."
That night, he's laying in bed letting the memories flow through him for the first time in a while. All the time he spent with Cas, back in school and over the summer they lived here. Everything was perfect, and Dean had never felt that way before, never felt that way since. Something's always missing, and that something has blue eyes and messy hair.
Cas watches the door swing closed behind Dean and can't move. What just happened? He knew Dean would be upset if he saw Michael here, which is why he'd intended on having him long gone before Dean was due home, but for him to act this way? Cas doesn't understand.
Cas shook his head, concern coloring his face. "I'm pushing you too far too fast" he said.
Nobody stops them on the way in, and they make it upstairs with no problem. The nurse at the desk on her floor asks his name, but let's them pass a minute later telling him to go on in, and that Claire was awake when she checked on her a few minutes ago.
Cas leaned down over Dean, pressing soft kisses to his lips. "Are you sure?" He asked. He wanted this so bad, more than anything, but he wasnt going to push Dean into something he wasnt ready for.
Fern Guy stands, bends over and scoops up something into his arms, then climbs on the bus. He's holding something very large and square, but its covered in a sheet.
After settling on a time for Cas to drop Claire off the next day, they all say their goodbyes and head their separate ways, and Dean, for once, feels content with how that went.
Cas moves back up Dean, making sure every inch of his clothed body runs over Dean's hard length as he goes. He stops to suck another mark to the other side of Dean's neck, then pulls him back into a searing kiss.
Dean turned, pulled Cas against him, and wrapped his arms around him. He felt Cas' arms slide around his back.
Cas took one more step towards him, now just inches away. "Please." It was so quiet Dean almost couldn't hear him over his anxious breaths.
Please remember that combating depression is a lot of work, and there is no easy fix it, not even beautiful gay love. If you need help or need someone to talk to, please do. Find a friend, a confidant, or even call a helpline. Whatever you need to get the help you deserve.
She doesn't even think about it before nodding. "Of course. The Love Of Your Life." She says it like it's Cas' official title, which almost makes him laugh.
"No, I suppose it doesnt" Cas replied. After a moment, he walked toward Dean and followed him to his room.
Dean shook his head. He slid his hand back up to Cas' head, trying to pull it back to his.
"Yes" Cas says, reaching out for Dean and pulling him into his arms. He barely registers the squeals coming from their daughters. "Yes, of course." He's crying now, just a few tears, but tears of joy, and Dean's laughing in his arms.
Cas grabbed ahold of Dean, keeping him in place. "I didn't mind."
"Okay." Dean says. He wants to pull Cas to him, wrap him in his arms, feel him warm against him and know that everything's gonna be okay.
Now he heads back home, feeling even worse than before. Dean doesn't want to see him, or listen to his explanation, and Cas can't even blame him. It's his own fault for being so stupid and blind.
Maybe they do have a shot at a second chance.
"But I didnt." Dean said, resolutely.
Still laughing, Courtney led them inside the bar and to a table toward the back of the room. It wasnt too busy a night, and there were plenty of open tables.
"Come on, dad. Just for a minute, please? Emma's told me all about her, and I really have to meet her. Besides, you'll want to meet her too. She'll be here for Emma's sleepover."
"What Sammy? I'm not letting the kid go out there to face this, without me." Dean responded, walking into his room and throwing his duffle on the bed.
Sam gestured toward the hall. "Last night. Me and her. I mean, you saw her first. And I know you're with Cas now, but I thought it might be weird for you."
"It's fine. I'm sorry I snapped at you, it's just a touchy subject." He can see she has more to say, but is holding herself back. "Fine, one more question. And only because his daughter is your friend, and I don't want this to affect either of you."
Cas adjusts his grip, adding more pressure to Dean's straining length as he thrusts up into him. "Come for me Dean. Now" Cas commands, and Dean moans, throwing his head back as Cas feels the front of the panties soak all the way through.
"Yeah. Can't live my life in bed. I've gotta get my shit together and move on," Dean says.
"Fine" Sam answered. Dean smirked in response.
Dean just laughed and hit play on the remote, then reached over to the nightstand on his side of the bed and flipped the lamp off. The room was flooded in darkness for a few moments, then the movie started up.
Dean's hands are fisted in his shirt, and Cas pulls him closer until Dean is basically in his lap. "It's okay, Dean. I'm sorry, I shouldn't have made you talk about it. I'm so sorry. You're okay. I'm sorry." Cas' face is pressed into Dean's hair and his words are muffled but he just keeps saying things like that while rocking them as Dean cries, and he cries.
"Of course," Sam says, stepping back and letting Dean into the house. "What happened?"
As Dean turned back around, he could feel the liquor finally taking hold in his blood. His head was starting to become fuzzy, and the thoughts of Cas' lips on his began to fade away a bit.
"Fine, I have job hunting to do, happy?" Cas replies, standing up. "It was nice to meet you Charlie. I'm sure I'll see you around."
It was something Dean had been totes expecting Cas to ask. He’d thought a lot of things during the time that she’d been gone. “In the first few months after she left, I thought maybe she’d regret it and come back eventually. But the longer she was gone, the more I had to face the fact that she wasn’t coming back. Belle is too little to even remember her. I… I know what it’s like to lose your mom.” His eyes filled with tears, and his chin was trembling. He hadn’t thought about this since he’d met Castiel. He paused, trying to get his feelings under control. “She, she was the love of my life. And we had our beautiful baby, and she was with us for a few months, and then she took off. It hurt like a sumbitch. I just… me, I can get if someone leaves me. But Belle? She was only six months old. Who… how could she do that to her daughter. And when Belle does finally ask me why she doesn’t have a mom, what am I supposed to say? I can’t tell her that her mother didn’t want to raise her.” By now, Dean was just crying. Cas reached out to take his hand, and he held it tightly. Dean closed his eyes, he could remember standing out in the rain at his dad’s, watching Justine get in the car and leave. His heart had completely broken, shattered in a million shards.
