He reset the timer and settled into the steaming, churning water. The noise of the jets working and the gurgling of the water soon faded into white noise as he sipped his drink and lost himself in his thoughts. He was idly pondering tomorrow's trip through the Magic Kingdom with his family when he heard the voice again.
“I am,” he nods, looking over to meet eyes with his son. It’s important that Jack see the truthfulness in them. “Honestly, I’m the happiest I’ve been in a long time.”
This little project had wound up costing him quite a bit more than initially expected, but he knows that isn’t unusual for even the smallest renovation jobs.
He’d only been to Bill’s once - back on his first night with Ron. But, it was close and it was familiar. And this time, he had a wallet in his back pocket. Entering with his jacket slung over one shoulder, Dean looked around and immediately located Novak. He, much like Ronald, had chosen a booth near the back. Sliding in to join the man, Dean looked up at the waitress who had followed him over. “I’ll have a Johnnie Walker,” he told her. Then, nodding towards Novak, Dean added, “Put it on
While Sam pulled Hael away under the premise of teaching her to play darts, Dean and Cas filled Benny in on the situation with the ex-carny's. Well, they told him the 'official version' of things anyway, dotted with colorful personal stories that had resonated with them in some way. He seemed to want to help and said he'd talk to the girls at the station about doing a fundraiser of some sort.
“This?” Dean clarified, settling his hand over the red, yellow, and green braided bracelet on his wrist, “It’s just a souvenir. Sam got it for me in Jamaica. Didn’t feel right to not wear it at least once.”
The room lit up bright white for a split second when Dean’s weapon discharged and, in that momentary flash, he turned towards the bed to zero in on the man he’d dumped there. In the dark, he could feel it when the guy sprang at him, but he couldn’t see it. In the aftermath of bright muzzle flare, the world was now pitch dark. He would’ve preferred to shoot this man in the knee or shoulder - keep him alive to be questioned. But, without being able to see and aim properly, it would’ve been a fool’s errand. Instead, Dean followed his instincts and fired off several sequential shots with his weapon pointing center mass.
She gave a low chuckle in response and he could feel her soft laughter vibrating against his chest. Then he watched as she reached out for Cas. Dean didn’t wait. He pushed them closer, sandwiching Pam between them and watched her hands come to rest on Castiel’s chest. He pressed in tighter and as he did, his heart was racing in the hope that Cas wouldn’t push them away.
When he arrives at the house, he finds it dark. Parking in a good spot, he checks out the area before relaxing into his seat. It’s possible that the man is in bed, but not probable based on what Cas has observed in the past. Most likely, he’s out. But, it’s a school night. The odds of him arriving home before ten are good. Down the street, a garage door is opening, bright light spilling out into the night. Cas watches a huge pickup truck with dual exhaust and a thumping stereo back out. The garage door reverses back down as the truck departs, its heavy engine audible even after it’s turned the corner and disappeared from sight. A few minutes later, the truck returns. Cas can’t see it’s body yet, only it’s ultra bright headlights coming towards him. He closes his eyes against the glare.
“You can turn on the light if you want,” he says, pulling a pair of soft, flannel sleep pants from his top drawer.
Truer words had probably never been spoken. Whether it had been curiosity or some other pull that he’d responded to that first night when he’d ventured out, no one could argue that he’d been anything but satisfied upon his return. The hulking canine form that had watched him climb down had lingered when he’d approached slowly, tentatively, and it had kept those haunting eyes leveled on him as it turned its nose in his direction and deeply inhaled his scent on the intermittent breeze of a sticky night in the middle of June.
“The day after tomorrow. We have tonight for whatever and then tomorrow for the bachelor/bachelorette. The folks will get here on the day of the ceremony, and we’ll have a few days to relax before we have to leave.”
“Hell yeah,” he teased back. “They got tired of waitin’ for me to jerk off in there and walked to the hamper on their own.”
They stayed up for most of the resting cycle, finally laying down in the center of the floor to look up at the circle in the ceiling when they grew weary. It wasn’t a perfect circle, just a cave that led to the surface. The light coming from it was weak compared to what it had been before, and Dean had no idea why. As they all laid there talking, he fell asleep.
“Fu-uck,” he groaned, dropping his forehead into his palm. His body emptied itself quite efficiently and there was nothing to do but just breathe through it. His forehead was sweaty by the time he’d finished. When he exited the washroom his drink was still there but he didn’t want it anymore. Easing himself back onto the stool, he rested his eyes on the television that hung over one end of the bar. Around him the low thunder of bowling balls, the clunk and clatter of falling pins, even the din of voices and laughter slowly faded into background noise. The television screen grew blurry as his eyes glazed over and his thoughts turned inward to consider his options.
It was cool outside. The sky was wide and cloudless and full of stars and beneath it Dean’s Impala was parked on a small dirt lane just off the county blacktop.
Wow. What a bitch. “I don’t have a copy of my contract handy,” he said calmly, hoping to force her into treating him decently. “Could you maybe look me up in the computer and go over the finer points with me?”
Hearing that, Dean just couldn’t hold back. He burst out laughing and so did both of his friends. Their howls of laughter momentarily drowned out the din of the diner around them and attracted the attention of their favorite waitress. When she came walking over she looked between the three of them and said, “What’s all this then?”
Crawling towards the center of the bed, Cas shivers with anticipation. He feels it when the bed takes Dean’s weight behind him and he peers over his shoulder. Dean’s gaze is intently focused on Cas’s ass and goosebumps break out over his back and thighs when Dean says, “Lemme see it.”
Dean’s cock twitched hopefully between his legs, still thick in his cock ring. He nodded immediately when Benny looked to him questioningly and he knew he could trust his friend to look out for him. Secretly, he hoped he’d get to continue suckling on his friends dick as he was taken from behind once again.
“Here are your room keys,” said the lady, pushing an envelope across the counter to him. “These keys will also open the door to the pool. Enjoy your stay.”
When he finally gets back to the house, winded and out of sorts, he sees that it was pointless to rush. Jack is in bed and the house is quiet. Slowing now, he puts his things away methodically, trying to recover some semblance of control. But, the memory of what just happened lingers. It teases. Visceral images flash through his mind and he’s powerless to stop them. What had happened at Dean’s tonight was the single most erotic experience he’s ever had. He continues ruminating on the episode as he takes a shower and gets ready for bed. There’s no way he’s going to get to sleep without getting off again. Bending to reach under the bed, he pulls out his secret stash. He grabs the lube and his biggest vibrator, because he can't imagine a better way to finish himself off than with a cock the size of Dean’s between his cheeks.
“I think it’s about nap time,” Kali said to them as she wheeled the little girl out into the flow of foot traffic.
“Well, I’m heading to bed,” said Jimmy. “You can sleep on the couch if you don’t feel like driving home.”
“He pretends he doesn’t want them,” Crowley replied, his tone inferring disdain at having to explain himself. “It drives them wild with desire. The more he pushes them away, the more they come swimming back. It’s a tactic I’ve been known to use myself… when I can control my hands.”
“Well, don’t be shy,” she said teasingly to the pastor. “Do you need an engraved invitation? You have a few words of Latin to speak, do you not?”
Still physically exhausted, he knew he’d sleep and sleep well. But thanks to the shot, he’d be plagued with delightfully dirty dreams all night long.
Dean spent the rest of the their time at the garden enjoying the pulse-pounding thrill of moving with Benny’s crowd. The school returned to The Depository, many hands helping carry the heavy satchels of extras they’d managed to procure from the Garden. As soon as they unloaded, the Preparers were moving in, ready to sort what they’d brought and begin preparing the next meal. As Bobby the Singer passed by, everyone fell in behind him, ready to be led back home.
Wrinkling up his face as he does it, the coach takes on the voice of a little old lady and says, “Don’t worry, Dean, the right one is out there for you.”
“No. I’m going to take your penance drink and go sip it in the hot tub. I’m going to try to forget what happened, rather than get to know the people who did it to me.”
“Good,” replied Cas as Dean shucked back out of his jacket. “Why don’t you fix yourself a drink and relax for a minute while I get things set up?”
“What’s over there?” he asked Cas, pointing to a huge red and white striped tent that was set far off from the games and rides.
"I do love you," he said weakly, surrendering his flashlight to Pastor Jim who'd come up behind him. Dean watched silently as John stepped up to put his arms around Sam, pulling him back a few paces from the trap. From the periphery, Cas stepped up and took the flashlight from Jim. He and Dean stood on opposite sides of the circle, both holding the lights steady to keep the trap working. Despite the agitated demon that shrieked and paced between them, their eyes stayed on each other, steady and strong.
The two spend the better part of an hour walking around and looking at Castiel’s various works in progress. The man explains some of his paintings, what he likes about them and what he doesn’t. His face always lights up though, when he talks of what each will eventually become. Dean is captivated. Not just by the art, but by the man before him.
It was late October before they finally set out, their belongings packed into a storage unit and a ‘for rent’ sign standing in the front yard of the house. The flurry of activity that had surrounded their final days in this town had culminated last night when his friends at work had thrown them a going away party.
“What’s all this?” he asked, leaning out his window as he navigated his baby up the driveway next to them.
“So you say,” Dean gritted out, hand twitching toward the gun tucked against his back. “Why should I believe you?”
Perched on his bedside to charge is Cas’s cell phone. He grabs it and heads back down, pausing halfway down the staircase to snap a picture of his son on his hands and knees as he digs through the gifts and separates them into two piles. Stopping in the kitchen to start the coffee maker, Cas then takes another picture as he approaches his son and then gets down on the floor where they take selfie together amidst the colorful packages.
A sharp smack to his ass brings his eyes open wide again and he curses aloud as an unexpected swell of lust rises up in response. He’s been spanked before - many times. Mostly by Lisa. She’d doled out a few smacks when he’d asked her to, but the act is so much more thrilling when performed by a man - a strong and heavy handed man who isn’t holding back. Unlike the love pats of his past, this open-handed smack is painful. It stings and the snap of it leaves a hot burning on his skin in the shape of the hand that dealt it.
“Dude,” winced Dean, “I forgot you can read my mind now. I’m not so sure that’s gonna work for me. I mean, a man needs some privacy.”
“Well, Fred didn’t make any effort to cover his tracks Dean. He left a trail all the way to Montana.”
“I never asked you what you wanted. Not back when you were a prisoner and not after you were free. I always thought I knew what you needed. But I didn’t. Sammy, though, he knew to ask you. It’s because of him that we’re even on this trip… and I don’t mean just because he paid for it. I mean because he thought to ask what you wanted. I was so sure that after all those years on the road, what you would really want was a home. But that’s not what you wanted at all was it?”
“Do you like to be touched?” she asked. “Some of the girls were telling me that I’m allowed to touch if you want me to.”
“The movie was awesome,” he added, “in case any of you were wondering.” Then, proud of himself for getting the hard part over with, Dean turned from them and headed back into the hall, tugging Castiel along with him. The angel followed silently, but when Dean glanced back at him, he saw the faintest hint of a smile hiding at the corner of Cas’s mouth. He licked his lips as the urge to kiss his angel came over him, a habit so long in the making it was practically a tick now. Then, he stopped in his tracks, right there in the hall, to follow the thought with an action - thrilled that he finally could.
The two headed back upstairs. They paused for a moment to put their laundry over from the washer to the dryer before stepping into the cool air-conditioned apartment. It was still cluttered and smoky and noisy with guys playing games, so they grabbed beers from the fridge and headed to their room. After a long call with Charlie and all the details planned out, Cas went back to grab the laundry and stopped in the kitchen for another round of beers.
Mashaya smiles in what looks like genuine amusement, and answers, the echo of his schooling in England evident in his accent, “Of course I care about ‘my own people,’ I care very deeply. In fact, I think that their well-being would be so much more assured if I brought them back a doctor.” He nods to one of his men, who grabs Meg by the arm and starts dragging her off towards the Land Cruiser. She doesn’t go quietly, and Dean can hear her cursing until it’s cut off by the sound of the car door slamming.
“Here’s a map of the spa,” he says. ”See over here it says that a mud bath is opening later this summer? That’s where they’re expanding into the forest. It makes sense that’s where the disappearances happened.”
That night Cas tosses and turns, haunted by how close he’d been to getting Dean back. Worried what Dean must be thinking about him, seeing Michael kiss him.
“Unlike most Arita ware, the designs draw on Japanese rather than Chinese traditions, especially those of textile design. Most of the wares were dishes for food and bottles for sake. The Nabeshima used the pottery themselves and also gave it to other feudal lords as prestige gifts.
Dean remembers how fucking fond of Cas he felt that day, seeing him want to take care of Claire, how seeing Cas care about someone else just made him so damn happy. And truth be told, despite how he deflected, it made him warm inside that Cas was worried about him too, cared about him too.
She wraps the muffin in a napkin and puts her cold hands into her pockets as she walks. Here at the edge of camp it’s very still, the songs of the chickadees and the occasional call of a crow the only noise. The warded wall is to her left; there’s no snow on it. Though the wards emit no heat, there’s the faintest shimmer in the air above the wall, a barely perceptible vibration that makes the snow fall to either side so the top is bare. She’s never seen a bird land on the wall, come to think of it. The chickadees keep to the trees.
“I’m sure,” Cas says, and kisses him again. Dean pulls away with a smile and lifts the rolled mattress onto the bed frame. He cuts the straps and the mattress uncurls like a potato bug ready to make a getaway. It flops roughly into place on the wooden slats. Dean sits and bounces experimentally before lying back. He pats the spot next to him. “Come on, Cas. Let’s check it out.”
Dean starts to shiver in the bitter wind as they cross the last feet of open snow, walking in their outgoing footprints.
He’s tall and thin, and the light from the truck’s headlights picks out his high cheekbones and close-cropped hair. He approaches the group and the gunmen move aside to let him pass. He walks up to Gabe, who moves so that he’s in front of Meg, and starts to speak in English.
“Suit yourself.” Dean says, “But I’m fine.” He pulls the shredded remains of his shorts off, along with his tee shirt and boxers, and dumps them unceremoniously on the floor, heedless of Cas sitting on the bench in front of him. He’s too tired and irritated at the unnecessary coddling to be self-conscious. He pulls the curtain closed behind him firmly and starts the water, standing to one side until the temperature is warm enough.
There’s an announcement over the PA that another technical session is starting, and people get up from the seating arrangements, leaving glasses and bottles scattered on the small tables. There’s no one sitting near them now.
She looks over and raises her arms threateningly towards them. Dean starts to lunge forward with the demon knife, but Cas stops him with a raised hand and speaks a stream of some foreign language to the woman. To Dean’s surprise, and evidently hers, she drops her arms to her side and answers Cas. Cas asks her a question and a rush of words tumble out. Cas listens, nodding, and answers her. They converse for a few minutes more, and she turns and walks to the trees on the other side of the glade.
Cas opens his mouth, but what comes out is something entirely different from what he’d planned to say, cowardice winning over the impulse to be truthful. “Were you planning on seeing my talk? Did you really want to see the models?” A look Cas can’t identify passes over Dean’s face at the abrupt change in subject. He looks down at his beer and then up at Cas, taking a moment before replying.
It’s been this way since they were kids: Gabe rebelling, getting into trouble as he pushed back against their strict parents and scheduled existence. Cas following along trying to smooth things over and mitigate the fallout from his big brother’s antics. So a familiar sense of resignation tempers his joy at leaving the stultifying atmosphere of the fundraiser as Cas follows Gabe out into the late San Francisco evening.
“Excellent idea, Sam,” Dean says, and lunges for the notch-eared squirrel, who’s just finished replicating, but Dean’s reflexes are blunted by whiskey and the squirrel’s too fast. It darts out of the kitchen, heading past the den and down the corridor towards the library.
“Just sit with me, make sure I keep breathing, watch for seizures.” He grabs the single pillow on Dean’s bed, twists to put it against the headboard, and leans back, stretching gingerly. His tee shirt rides up, exposing a strip of skin above the waistband of his scrubs. It’s very distracting. Dean finds his attention drawn to it and casts around for a subject for conversation to keep his imagination in check.
“I’m sorry. I really am,” Cas says, again. “I panicked. And trust me, I’ve been beating myself up about it ever since. You didn’t deserve me and my ex issues bailing on you like that. I’ve been wishing there was a way to get in touch with you, but I left without even finding out your last name. And then there you were. At the convention. And apparently my brain stopped working.”
Cas laughs. “Nah, I rescued it when Dad was going to give it to Goodwill.” Cas looks over at Dean. “You think you can walk now?” Dean wonders about karma because he remembers asking Cas the same thing in the alleyway in Faya-Largeau.
“What do they want?” Dean’s really surprised that his voice is not betraying exactly how scared he is.
“Excuse me,” a deep voice says, and Cas looks up as the man smiles a quick apology and heads for the cashier. Cas refocuses on the earbud display, and it takes a second for his brain to catch up with his eyes. All thoughts of Michael flee as Cas whips his head around and takes in the man who’d brushed past him. He’s standing at the cash register flipping his wallet open. He’s dressed in jeans and boots, a flannel shirt unbuttoned over a tee shirt, navy blue parka folded over his arm. Light brown hair is casually mussed and he’s bestowing a dazzling smile on the cashier. By the time Cas has remembered that staring is rude, the man is gone, striding out of the store and down the concourse. Cas sighs to himself and pays for his gum, new earbuds (blue), and a couple of bars of chocolate.
But Cas is here now with him, Dean reminds himself, he’s going to be living in the bunker, which is the reason for the IKEA run in the first place. It hits Dean again, like a cuff to the back of the head, he’s going to be close. All the time.
. Dean, I know you have feelings for me. You prayed a lot to me when I was gone. It colored your prayers. I know that you love me. I
“They left at sunrise. They’ll probably be here before noon. Gabe’s coming, and he’s bringing Benny and enough spare tires to fix up the jeep. So we just need to move out to the edge of the labyrinth so they can see us. I want to wait ‘til the Vicodin kicks in before you try to walk.”
On the Monday morning that he’s slated to leave, Dean is up and sullenly working on the third mug of coffee of the day. There’s a knock at the door and he opens it to see a tall man with a neatly groomed beard standing there.
“You have a little...” Cas gestures at his own shirt. Dean looks down, his chest is pressed against the tables edge, and the puddle of pho broth has soaked a line into the front of his Black Sabbath tee.
Dean pays for the cab over Cas’s protests, “Expense account.” They are deep in discussion about the ore models while they climb the stairs to the second-floor hallway where Cas’s office is. Cas is just unlocking his door when Meg comes out of the photocopier room a couple of doors down, a stack of paper in her arms.
“Did you get close to me so I wouldn’t notice Youssef’s being places he shouldn’t? You two really should communicate better. He’s been busy trying to warn me off you. I bet my showing up in Faya after those guys attacked you was super convenient.” His voice drips sarcasm.
Cas looks at the trip itinerary: Churchill Manitoba, perched on the edge of Hudson Bay, not too far south of the Arctic Circle—it’ll be hell of a plane ride: Toronto to Winnipeg, Winnipeg to Churchill, but the lure of those magical bands of light is irresistible. He’s really doing this. He’s got an Airbnb booked in Churchill, which is a smaller town than he’d imagined, and he’s leaving tomorrow.
Dean follows, moving carefully over the smooth rock. They climb for about twenty minutes until the path levels out into a natural balcony. Three hunters, carrying spears, stand there, alertness in every line and angle of their bodies. Two armed riders on horseback chase down two riderless horses to the right, and a camel stands, watching. Dean blinks in surprise. The hunters are nothing but paint on the wall of the cliff, and so are the horsemen and their mounts, and the watchful camel. The colours seem as fresh as though they’d been painted the week before.
The bottle’s down about halfway (it’s been a pretty good pouting session) when Dean gets a bright idea. If he can’t defeat the squirrel with bird-feeder technology, and he can’t shoot it, maybe the Men of Letters can help him get rid of the freeloader without hurting it. Maybe there’s a spell to magick it away. That should get him back in Cas’s good graces. And he’s off to the library, only stumbling a little bit.
Meg leans forward to emphasize her point. “You realize you don’t owe it to Michael to stay faithful, don’t you? Cas, he
Dean grins and falls into step beside him. Cas leads him up what looks like a dry riverbed and into a canyon in the rock, its entrance a wide black fissure. The sandstone walls rise up several storeys high, blocking the sun and casting them into shadow. It’s quiet too, the wind that was present out in the open gone now. The canyon twists and turns and they walk for quite a while. Dean glances over at Cas, wondering how long it’s going to take to get to wherever the fuck they’re going. Cas must be able to read his expression because he smiles and says, “Don’t worry, it’ll be worth it. I promise.”
Another newly formed squirrel bounds away from Notch Ear and runs out of the kitchen towards the den. Dean is uncomfortably reminded of Mickey Mouse in the Sorcerer’s Apprentice. “Yeah, about that,” he rubs the back of his neck and refuses to meet anyone’s eyes. “I used the last of the rat fur in the storage room for the spell.”
Gabe looks at him and says in a voice that sounds like he’s trying hard to rein in his disdain, “Yes. You’re Mashaya. The Walker.”
“I don’t think so.” He smiles at Dean, but it’s not a reassuring smile. ‘You don’t look like a doctor, and it’s a poor doctor indeed who allows himself to be injured like that. Tell me,” he continues, conversationally, “what happened to your leg?”
“The symbol that looks like a stick woman,” Sam says. “She’s the Assyrian moon goddess. And you had her facing the squirrel.”
It’s full dark now. The pool is illuminated by two recessed underwater lights, but that’s not what Dean’s noticing now. There’s a blue glow underwater. A glow that’s coming from Cas and suffusing the water of the pool, moving in tendrils across the bottom of the pool towards the other side.
The now-familiar cyclone feeling disorients him for a moment and he finds that he and Jo are watching Past Dean and Cas, dressed in FBI clothes, in the Sheriff’s Department in Waterville, Maine.
“Wait, you’re Castiel Novak? I missed your talk ‘cause I had a meeting, but I saw some of the other presenters in that session. Huh, small world.” So Dean had been in the lecture room while Cas had been chasing all through the exhibition booths looking for him.
Ticker tape is filling the Times Square sky on the television, and outside the house small explosions can be heard in the distance.
He’d met the dogs before they’d been harnessed to the sled, as he stood around drinking hot chocolate and eating bannock while the other visitors had taken turns being helped into the sleds, enjoying the tasty fry bread. His dogs, all of them huskies, are running full out. The lead dog, Rosie, is harnessed to Edgar, her son. And behind them Theo, Luke, Leia, Solo, Chunk, and Jett make up the rest of the team. Shadows from the trees flicker across Cas as the sled careens down the trail and he feels like he’s flying. It’s incredible. It would be nice to share this experience with someone, to have someone else on the sled, sitting between his legs, with their back warm against his chest. Cas is surprised that the first person he thinks of isn’t Michael, but Dean. Quickly, he redirects his thoughts, before the sadness and nausea can return.
Dean leans back in his chair, perhaps to give Cas some distance between them. “You know it really did hurt when I found your note.”
Ten minutes later, he’s heading out past the den, his arms full of ingredients, the book balanced precariously on top. Sam looks up again as he heads by. “You sure you don’t need any help with whatever you’re doing?”
The canyon makes one more turn and then opens up into a huge cavern-like area. Dean stops dead. In front of him, ribbed and scoured sandstone walls stretch up for hundreds of feet all around them, glowing ochre and amber in the late morning light. Interconnected pools of black water cover the sandy floor, and everywhere he looks there are camels. Hundreds of them, standing in the pools, drinking, Standing beside the pools. Lying in the shade of the canyon walls. A small group of men in the robes and veiled turbans like he’d seen in Faya-Largeau, Bedouins maybe, lounge against the sun-warmed rock.
No. Stop. Really bad idea. Summoning some inner strength, Dean turns and leans away, ostensibly to press his ear to the door. He swears he hears Cas make a small disgruntled sound when he steps out of Cas’s personal space.
““It’s ginger brandy and peppermint schnapps,” Charlie says gleefully. “It keeps the snow snakes away.”
Dean moves as quickly as he can, having to duck into someone’s quarters once to avoid being seen by one of the militants. He’s behind one of the hospital tents when he sees movement just outside of the area lit by the sodium lights of the camp. Keeping to the shadows, he moves along the wall of the hospital tent and, using a dumpster marked for medical waste for cover, peers around to see who it is.
, a Toubou tribe, the small green oasis a bright jewel supporting camel breeding and herds of gazelles. Lunch is a hurried affair, sandwiches and tea eaten while the trucks are refuelled. They push on into early evening before they stop for the night. Setting up camp between two dunes, Dean’s amazed that even in that featureless sea of sand, Youssef manages to find enough small sticks and twigs of acacia to get a small fire going, enough to boil water for tea. They empty the cooler of cold meat and fruit with flatbread and then lay their sleeping bags out on the sand in the lee of the trucks. Dean sleeps like the dead, and dreams of his brother Sam, and his own high school girlfriend Rhonda, and, inexplicably, Trench Coat from Albert’s bar.
Christina turns to see Cas standing there. His parka is open and there’s a knife in the sheath on his belt. She wonders what he’s doing out here, but doesn’t remark on the bloody handkerchief wrapped around his left hand.
For a while, Dean had thought he could live a life of hunting down people like the Benders if only he could get his baby brother out of that life. But the moment Sammy left, Dean turned his eyes to his own exit. As it turned out, leaving had been far easier than he’d ever thought it could be.
Leaning in the doorway, he watched his mother and Eileen as they cooked side by side. The two seemed happy and relaxed, chatting as they tended several skillets and a toaster. From his vantage in the doorway to the bunker’s hall, Dean’s eye caught movement to his right. There, in the adjacent doorway from the kitchen to the library, he saw his brother. Sam, like Dean, was admiring the view with a warm smile. When he noticed Dean standing nearby, Sam ambled over.
But she was gone. She’d vanished through the doorway behind the bar. Dean knew too well where that door led and he didn’t follow. “Get you something, hun?” asked the busty bar maiden who’d just walked up.
“Fuck it,” he whispers to himself as he exits the glass stall and begins drying off. “It’s just once and I deserve it.”
Gabby was bored with the monorail now, having ridden it several times a day for a few days. Cas took her out of her stroller and pulled her to his chest when she broke into tears and let her cry into his shirt as he rubbed soothing circles into her back. By the time they slid into the station at the Magic Kingdom she’d cried herself out and was sleeping on his shoulder. It wasn’t easy to steer the mammoth stroller with one hand while he carried her, but it was ever so sweet to have her head rested on his shoulder. When he approached the castle, he found his brother and sister-in-law sitting on a bench in the shade. They both smiled and assisted him. Kali worked a bit of magic and converted the stroller into a bed.
Begrudgingly, he rose from the table and followed her out. “I don’t wanna go to my cage,” he told her, “I wanna go to the resting room. I need to get my laptop.”
Checking himself out in the full length mirror at her station, he caught her eye in the reflection and said, “Honey, you sure do good work.”
“Well, yeah,” Dean says. “I mean, c’mon dude, you were watchin’ me with binoculars. I didn’t even know it was
“You boys have fun in there,” breathed the creepy-ass clown. His voice was hardly louder than a whisper and he leaned in on them as he said, “Strange and wonderful magic awaits you inside.”
Cas spread his legs wide and then groaned as he felt Dean work in deeper. Their faces were close, scruffy cheeks rubbing together as he kissed Cas on his lips, chin and neck. Their breath was mingling as their bodies moved together and when he got close, Cas couldn’t help but say Dean’s name.
For Dean, however, the experience had been vastly different. He’d had a shocking revelation about his sexuality that night. It was such a monumental thing, and yet, he’d had no guidance to help him understand or accept it.
“It doesn’t matter,” whispered Dean, knowing that Cas had only ever been with a woman. Well, a reaper disguised as a woman anyway. And perhaps Daphne, though he’d never worked up the nerve to ask Cas about that. “It’s pretty much the same drill,” he told Cas, “just put it in.”
They swim together for a bit before climbing up out of the water. Cas shakes himself off but Dean doesn't do anything more than just swipe a hand over his face to clear the water that's beading across his brow. Finding a desirable spot in the shade nearby, he lays down wet in the grass and chuckles as he looks over at Cas saying, "I'll be damned - I think I might be good for one more round."
Dean nodded stiffly and the three walked out the gate together. There were a few cars idling nearby, likely waiting for someone, but there was no sign of John. Sam rolled his eyes and said, “I knew it. I knew he’d do this.”
Castiel, to his credit, starts with very small movements. He pulls back ever so gently, just a tiny bit. Then he sinks back in again. So far, the experience is walking a very thin line between pleasure and pain. But, Dean can’t deny that it’s thrilling. As he relaxes into it, his partner seems to sense it and grows bolder. The push and pull of his thrusts get longer and appear to come at a more challenging pace. But, at least as the thrusts speed up, it feels less like he’s taking a shit and more like he’s actually having sex.
Half growling at his brother, Dean says, “Dammit Sammy, if you didn’t wanna do things my way then you shouldn’t have come to get me.”
There was a waiter from the nearby restaurant assigned to care for the group, and he soon stepped up to offer Cas hors d’oeuvres and a cocktail. The happy couple and their friends were having fun, drinking and dancing a little as they waited for the fireworks. Cas knew that their view from here wasn’t especially grand, but it was nice not to have to share the space with a crowd.
“Don’t say that, Dean. Having some family problems doesn’t mean you can’t be a good husband to the right girl.”
It was hard to blame the kid for not coming home. He clearly had an enviable life out in Cali. When he’d first run off, Dean had assumed that Sam was penniless and alone, bouncing from bus station to homeless shelter and back again. But that wasn’t how it had been at all.
Replaying their exchange in his mind, he could think of no reason for his companion to be so affected. But, when he considered his words once more but with the mindset of someone with low self esteem, which Ronald clearly had, he understood. Quickly correcting, he tried to sound reassuring as he said, “Hey, man, it ain’t you. It’s just, well, I got a lot of shit to figure out and I ain’t had any time to really think it through, okay?”
He watched Dean put his number into his phone and then wrap a towel around his waist. There was an awkward moment where both were ready to leave – Cas with his t-shirt back on and his backpack on his shoulder, Dean with his phone wrapped in his clothes and tucked under his arm. It was obvious that some sort of goodbye was needed, but it was also way too soon for either to be expecting a kiss.
Hearing his brother repeat his previous statement, verbatim, Dean grinned at Cas. Then he addressed the group saying, “S’gonna be a long walk. We better get goin'.”
Lisa turns around, face beaming when she sees him. She quickly dries her hands on her apron and basically skips over to him, putting both her arms around his neck in a tight hug.
. And yet...Cain did. It took a while, but after the fifth meeting, Dior realised he was a lonely man who needed some sort of companionship that was not driven by anything else except a simple transaction. He’d learned a lot in the time he’d met up with Cain. The man enjoyed talking about his hobbies and was excited to teach Dior how to properly defend himself with a small knife.
, hidden under a midnight-black cloak, he knew that he was screwed. He was proved right when she displayed all of her tools on his bed. Dior could still feel the cold sweat trickle down from the back of his neck all the way to his ass when he took in the whips and ropes and sharp little blades. No matter he was on the third floor,
, his first kiss, the prince had growled at her and shoved her hard enough to cause her to sprawl on the ground, his mind seething that she had dared to be so bold and wanting to rip into her. Once he had seen the scared look on her face he came to a sudden stop, horrified at what he was about to do.
Dior looked at his client whilst he spoke of his mate. He was aware that the alpha had been mated for many years and his wife had only recently passed away. The love he bore her was unmistakable. It was no wonder he became a recluse after her death. It seemed his wife had been
It’s almost mindless - the way he takes the opened box and gingerly picks the remaining chocolate, cradling them in a loose fist. One-handed, he places the ribbon inside the box amongst the rest of the silk, puts the lid back on. He pushes it further towards the beta without a word, only offering a low nod.
Finally, Castiel stumbled upon a local business called “Winchester Nursery and Flower Shop”. According to their website, they’ve only been opened since September and was founded by two brothers, born and raised in Sioux Falls. The photos on the website showed a lovely and cosy-looking family home with a huge greenhouse at the side. When clicking on the menu for the nursery, he was delighted to see they specialised in potted trees. It seemed really quite perfect.
Sammy was also flying to other cities as needed, helping get the more hopeless cases accepted into half-way house programs for trauma survivors and other such endeavors. Each time he returned, he came bearing gifts... social security cards, photo IDs, and other much-needed documents that allowed the refugees to start working jobs; those that were ready anyway. A few were doing well, saving up their first few paychecks in the hopes of getting their own place. Dean had no idea what strings Sam was pulling for all the needed documents and he didn't ask. But gradually, Dean's brother began heading back to California more frequently and staying longer while he was there. The coast was calling him home.
“Morning,” he said, elbowing Dean as he came to lean on the wall next to him. “After weeks of Bobby’s ‘hash’, this smells awesome.”
Acid. Acid burning in his mouth. Dean wished he could lash out and strike the smarmy bastard. Curse him. Damn him to hell.
Seeing it was Novak, Dean hit the green button to accept the call and turned to get out of the car. “Mornin’,” he greeted, surveying his surroundings.
“Sammy would be cool with me coming out, I’m pretty sure. But he’d be annoying. He’d prob’ly try’n fix me up with every gay dude he knows… pester me to move to Cali with him. Hell, he wouldn’t stop ‘til I was eatin’ bean sprouts ‘n wheatgrass with him, married to some douchebag who wears loafers with no socks and tryin’ to adopt a frickin’ baby from China.”
Dean loves how comfortable this new life is… the one where he and Cas can navigate life together regardless of whether living amongst humans or wares. Honestly, Dean’s got zero issues with keeping his sexual relationship a secret indefinitely, especially if the ruse yields this kind of inclusion and acceptance for them in the human world. So, it's with the keeping of that secret in mind that Dean slips from his bed and tip toes over to lock the door.
The city was soon out of sight and around them the lands had grown wild. There were trees, some living but most dead. Dried grass and rocks made up most of the ground cover, their jeep following a two lane path that wound through the remains of what was likely once a forest.
Cas was silent as he waited… it felt like a very long time. But eventually, he felt Dean exhale and then a soft hand came to rest on his ass cheek. Words could never be as clear as his actions when he laid himself out over Dean’s lap with his Mickey Mouse undies still partially pulled down.
“Aw, aren’t you precious,” she teased, walking a circle around him as she rinsed his body. “Of course I did. It’s not even a question.”
Sam nods agreement, swipes the back of a fist across his cheek to wipe off an errant tear, and then follows Dean out into the night. They drive back through the gate, out into the dark. Once again free to drive faster, Dean does, and beside him in the passenger seat it’s all Sam can do to hang on. He smacks his head on the roof a few times, cursing aloud but never suggesting that they slow down.
He has no idea how old he’d been when that nightly tradition had started to die out, but at some point it had. Ages ago. Now, as he lays there basking in the nostalgia of this long-forgotten pleasure, Jack feels moisture gathering at the corner of his eyes. Unwilling to allow even a single tear to creep out and give away his sentimentality, he keeps eyes closed and snuggles into his pillow.
“Dean,” Benny husked over the disapproving voices of his friends, who seemed to have grown in number during their conversation, “You’re alright, man. I’ve always thought so. But you hang with some sorry friends.”
His eyes rove over the color streaked canvas and Castiel feels his heart give a few heavy whumps. Centered in the bottom half of the frame is a recognizable image, one that’s featured in a framed photo that sits on his desk at the office. He skims the pads of his fingers gently over the hand painted canvas, and though his throat is tight with emotion he manages to croak out, “It’s us.”
“Yeah,” he answered, trying to think quickly and come up with a witty rejoinder. Settling for far less than his best, Dean added, “Been thinkin’ about you is walkin’ around in a body like that, but wont fuck me. It kinda ruins the session for me. It’s a waste.”
When they finally adjourned for the night, there was a tentative plan for moving the refugees to more suitable living quarters.
In reality, the mysterious lurker is probably taking detailed notes on what time people arrive home, when they go to bed, who has an alarm system, and which homes are shared with a big-ass watchdog. All of this information would be helpful to a thief as he decides when and how to burgle them all.
"So, you plan on staying in town then?" pressed Sam. Dean wondered why his brother seemed so invested in their plans. He was about to ask that question specifically when he saw his brother look over at Cas.
Still staring at the trenchcoated man in the gallery, Dean paid zero attention to the crowd as their applause died down. He paid no heed to the voices of not one but two handlers that had called to him from the doorway and then  continued calling to him as they approached. He didn’t turn away from the agent, even when he felt their rough hands on him.
As the time went by, he began to expect a call from Dean where he’d be let down easy. Cas dreaded hearing Dean say that moving had been fun to talk about, but unrealistic. He didn’t want to listen while Dean listed off legitimate reasons for not moving to Florida after all.
Giving his son a stern look that he fails to hold, Cas turns to start filling his tea pot. The two enjoy their sugary breakfast and then head up to Jack’s room. Checking over the suitcase that his son has packed, Castiel adds a few overlooked items and then snaps it shut. “Is this going too?” he asks, pointing towards the backpack that’s sitting on his bed.
Waking was a bitch, his body screaming that five more minutes wasn’t much to ask. But the call of home cooking was incentive enough to propel him to the shower. From there, it was easier to wake up. Dinner was delicious, as he’d known it would be, a huge roast with baked carrots and new potatoes. Conversation flowed easily, touching loosely on the case a few times but mostly hovering around the day to day life of their friends.
“Hell yeah,” Dean answered, elevating his voice over the music. Accepting it from her, Dean turned to Benny and said, “With everything we’ve got goin’ on, you brought me here?”
Now that they’ve picked Dean’s brain for information, their most logical move was to sit back and watch him… hope that he would eventually lead them to his father. If he stayed, there would be no way he could inadvertently do that.
It was impossible not to want to punch her and she seemed to know it. She was smirking now and he tried to put on a poker face. Unable to pull it off, his gaze slid back over to his brother. The only safe face at this moment. Sam, however, had pulled away from their mom and was now making his way over to Eileen. Dean couldn’t watch. With nowhere safe for his eyes to rest, he focused them on the portal and stared blankly as it hovered there along the dark tree line. It turned and bent sinuously, always changing and thus hinting at its impermanence.
“You’re the groom, Sam. The goddam groom. You need to see some pussy. Now, there’s no strippers here, so ya can’t be picky.”
"True," Sammy sighs, thumping Dean on the back as they part company. "And thanks for doing it," he adds as he's walking away. "I'll feel better knowing that you're here to take care of them for me."
Considering that Dean’s car didn’t have air conditioning and Cas’ car did, it was very strange to prefer the Impala. But the sweltering heat was not a deterrent for Cas. There was something awesome about sitting at a stoplight, the heat so heavy that it gave him goosebumps suddenly being chased away with a rush of air when they started moving again. The sound of the engine roaring brought a look of satisfaction to Dean’s face that Cas adored. Often, as they’d take off, Dean would wink at him.
“Regardless,” continues the man, “I’m glad we’ve met. And I hope that you will enjoy this half as much as I will.”
“Yeah, you,” Gabe said sarcastically. Then he looked over at Sam and said of Dean, “Not very bright, that one. Lucky he’s good lookin.”
They meet at the steakhouse, Dean seeing Cas perched at the bar as soon as he enters. Making his way over, he tugs off his jacket and lays it over the back of an adjacent bar stool.
Knowing that he would appear to be considering the agents offer, Dean used the guise of ‘thinking things over’ to lean his head on the wall and get some much needed rest. He closed his eyes and signed deeply. It was a much needed reprieve.
For the remainder of the afternoon, Dean and Cas patrolled the perimeter fence. The sky was tinged red, as usual, and as the sun sank to meet the horizon, the color deepened to crimson. When the next shift came to relieve them, Dean and Cas handed over their rifles and headed towards the mess hall for supper.
“Yes,” he agrees, deciding on the spot that he’d like to give the project a try. It sounds like even if his doesn’t come out well enough to give as a gift, he’ll only be out a few bucks.
Dean was floating softly, his mind wandering from one idle thing to the next. He’d given up any hope of actually sleeping. But, with his parents both resting a short distance away, he had no choice but to remain silent and still.
Sammy looked like a frightened puppy when Dean pressed the mini bar bottle of whiskey into his hands.
When he's changed and packed and has no more excuses to stay, Dean makes his exit. Cas walks with him to the boundary and Dean barely pauses as he says goodbye to his dark wolf, the lingering gaze they share as he backs away conveying far more than words ever could. It's nearly sunset when he arrives in town. His sister in law, Jess, welcomes him and helps him get settled. Then she walks him over to a nearby warehouse that has been repurposed into a kind of community storage facility.
“Your stretcher,” he laughed, getting to work. Plucking a few small branches from the big piece he’d dragged back here, Dean put his boot to the joints of various branches, using his weight to bend them as much as he could without actually breaking them. Essentially, he wanted to flatten the thing down. Ideally, he wanted it to be the shape of a giant chinese fan. From one end to the other, it was probably ten feet long. The shape was right, he just needed it to lay flatter. The thickest part of the branch was going to have to be his handle.
“Dude,” griped Dean, his carefully constructed mask slipping, “you have no idea what I went through to get this.” He was preparing to launch into a rehearsed speech about having robbed an armored car. But he was interrupted. By laughter.
Dean picked one up and looked it over. The picture and logo had an updated look, less campy than previous years, but the content was the same. The advertisement declared Mr. Crowley’s Mystical Menagerie to be “fun for all ages” and went on to offer tickets for attractions, rides, games, petting zoo, freak show, burlesque, and even a full blown circus ‘under the big top’.
Little Gabe had come later and started smaller and though he grew and grew, he never even came close to catching up. In fact, around the time that they were transitioning from Suckling to Weanling, Sam took to calling Gabe “Little Shrimp.” Gabe didn’t even seem to mind it.
“Yeah,” she nods, retrieving her book and pen. “Jack,” she says, keeping him waiting for a minute or more while she scrawls a few more lines, “If life isn’t at least a little bit scary to us, then we’re probably not doing it right.”
With his head a bit clearer, he called out to whichever attendant might be nearby. “Anyone there?” he tried hopefully.
“Dean,” whispered Cas. When he opened his eyes, Dean saw Cas suck his own thumb into his mouth. He watched as Cas sucked it for a moment and then pulled it out, wet and glistening. Anticipation washed over him as he watched Cas, knowing where that thumb was going to go.
For some reason, it doesn’t feel right to just plop down next to Dean on the swing without some sort of invitation - at least a tip of the head indicating that Cas is welcome to sit down. “No, you were right,” he replies, stopping when he’s in proximity and sliding his hands into the pockets of his slacks. “I took them to the airport this morning.”
It’s late on a hot Saturday afternoon, two days before Labor Day, when Dean and Cas hit the road after laying waste to IKEA, the long flat packs containing a queen-sized
Cas drinks his wine and broods. Jessica is dancing again, this time with a really tall man with longish brown hair. He’s also in a black tux with a rose in the lapel. Must be a groomsman, Cas thinks. He turns to Gabe. “I have to go to the restroom. Stay here. Don’t move until I get back.” Gabe raises his glass in assent.
“Huh.” Dean looks suspiciously at the chopsticks that are wrapped in a napkin beside his placemat next to the oddly shaped ceramic spoon.
The ninja squirrel is up on a branch now, keeping an eye on the feeder. It doesn’t seem to mind the chickadees, but it runs the blue jays off when they land. Cas is still sitting in the lawn chair, a blanket over his lap and a mug of something hot steaming in his mitten-covered hands.  Dean ignores him as he sweeps the dusting of snow off the concrete walk and sets his ingredients down. He chalks a circle on the ground and, consulting the book through bleary eyes, starts to draw symbols around its edge. He sets a bronze bowl in the centre and adds some dried herbs and a pinch of animal fur from a small brown drawstring bag.
Cas laughs. “I really am sorry about your leg. I didn’t want to hurt you but, newsflash, you’re kind of stubborn, and it was the only thing I could think of that would stop you. Good thing stubbornness isn’t a dealbreaker in a boyfriend.”
Dean and Meg continue walking, slowly due to Dean’s leg. He’s sure that his injury is the main reason he’s been given the run of the camp, escape would be pretty hard when he can’t run. The rocky walls that surround the valley are steep and formed of crumbling sandstone. They’re almost uniformly high, too, except for one place at the back of the valley where a split in the rock runs up at an angle from the valley bottom, a fault that has split the ridgeline into a sharp notch. There’s a small patch of gravel and stones at the bottom, evidence that it becomes a watercourse during the rainy season. Dean tries not to be obvious about checking it out. It’s kind of steep, but it definitely looks climbable. He files that away for future reference before he and Meg head back towards the tent where he spent the night.
The evening passes in a pleasant blur. Meg is acerbic and funny, trading barbs with Cas, much to Gabe and Dean’s amusement. Peter is thoughtful and more reserved. Conversation flows easily and they talk politics and tell stories of their time spent on previous MSF programmes. Dean and Meg discover that Die Hard is their favorite movie, and start quoting it to each other until Gabe gets fed up enough to start threatening violence.
“I don’t know. I’m surprised they’re shooting at us. It’s hard to hold dead people for ransom.” Cas ejects the magazine from the handgrip of the pistol and looks at it, before pushing it back in and pulling the slide back. “I’ve got seven or eight bullets left. I hope I won’t have to use them.” They fall silent, listening again. Sounds are tricky in the maze of stone pillars. “Listen, we need to get back to the jeep. We’ll keep heading west, but work our way southward. We should be able to stay out of their way long enough to get out of the labyrinth. Then we cut back eastward to the car.”
In a bit, Cas gets up. “Come on, we’re not done yet.” He leans over and pulls Dean to his feet. The sensation of Cas’s hand gripping his wrist makes him blush. When did his body decide to turn traitor like this?
Cas stops and really looks at his saviour for the first time. What are the odds? It’s the guy from the airport, the one who had managed to knock all thoughts of Michael out of his head. And he’s even more attractive than he’d seemed in the store on the airport concourse. He’s about forty, light brown hair, green eyes with laugh lines radiating from them, and the merest suggestion of a beard gracing a chiseled jawline. Cas tries not to stare.
“I needed to get rid of some of the tea. I wanted some privacy for a minute. You didn’t really think I’d leave you here?”
Cas rolls off the bed instantly. “Stay here,” he orders, and then he’s gone, the door slapping shut behind him. There’s no way in hell Dean is going to cower in the tent with no idea what’s going on. He gets dressed, carefully, and goes to the door of his tent. To the left, he can see down the passageway  into the open area where the hospital tents are. He  sees a small pickup truck with someone standing in the bed, pointing an assault rifle and shouting in French. There’s more gunfire coming from beyond the truck, and the sharp noise of breaking glass.
“Winter break is in two weeks. If you’re not going back to Kansas for Christmas,” Meg pauses to take in his violent head-shaking, “you can spend Christmas with me, and head up north for a few days over New Year’s. It’s winter, that’s got to be prime northern-lights-watching time. Your place is like five blocks from mine, I can go once a day and make sure Spock’s got food and water.” She stops, satisfied that she’s headed off all of his objections.
Once the sauce is heating gently in a large double boiler (thanks Gordon) Cas stands just outside the kitchen door drying his hands on a dish towel, watching as Jessica stands there laughing, her back to the dance floor full of women, the bouquet in her hand. The DJ counts down from three, and she tosses it high over her head and it drops into the hands of the blonde girl Gabe had been dancing with. Jessica looks radiant. Cas cannot understand how she can look so happy, knowing the depth of her betrayal.
We don’t belong here. We don’t know the groom or the bride. And Mother is going to be furious when she notices that we aren’t at the fundraiser.” He breaks off as the bartender slides another glass each of wine and scotch across to them. “Who’s Jessica? And who does Dean think we are?”
“I uh, just came in to check in and see how it’s going, but I can leave if you want…you know, more alone time with the whipped cream.” The smile bursts out and Dean is so goddamn beautiful that Cas almost forgets his humiliation.
“Dean, stop!” Cas twisted underneath him, spitting out snow and laughing at the same time. Dean was suddenly transfixed, staring down at Cas, unable to drag his gaze away from Cas’s eyes. Cas fell silent, looking up at Dean. Dean swallowed and suddenly it was too much. He jumped up and made a show of brushing the snow off his clothes with his hands. Cas got up slowly and stood, watching him.
They corner the  squirrel in the library, but before they can catch it, it swarms up a display case filled with cursed objects, locked away safely in warded boxes. The samurai sword in its sheath falls from its peg on the wall, hitting a small carved onyx bottle on top of the case on the way down. The bottle spins in the air and lands at Sam’s feet, the top popping off and a red liquid spattering Sam’s feet.
“Oh, you don’t know what I’m thinking, Clarence.” Her smile is back to wicked again, and Cas blushes.
“Where do you think? I went after you.” Dean looks at Cas, anger warring with hurt on his face.  “Didn’t find you right away though. Nope, didn’t catch up with you until you were out back of the hospital, talking with Youssef.”
His eyes are drawn back to the split in the rock. Cas is sliding down feet first, unarmed, using both hands to keep himself upright.
! Isn’t it hilarious?” Gabe is practically giggling. “He came right up to me and asked if I was Gabe. So of course I said yes. I figured the rest out from context. This sure as shit is more fun than that mortuary of a party watching good ol’ Mom try to separate the monied classes from their, well, money. And,” he leans forward conspiratorially, “the booze is better here.”
After a while, Dean speaks. “Cas, I’m glad you kept it a surprise. I’ve never visited any place like this. I wouldn’t have believed you if you’d described it to me.”
Victor laughs. “You’ll get a chance to look around when we get to Faya-Largeau. But adventure? Be careful what you wish for.”
A hush falls over the people in the tundra buggy as the first green wisps appear in the sky to the north. As if an errant invisible paint brush were swirling colour across the vastness of the night sky, the wisps lengthen, becoming curtains of green that shimmer and dip, dancing to music that no one can hear. Cas takes the flask that Charlie passes to him and drinks, and hands it back.
“Cas, your playlist is starting over. Maybe we could listen to some real music now? Metallica? Led Zep? As much as I like Phil, I’m ready for something else now.”
“I hate to do this to you, but I could really use your help.” Dean grimaces. “I know you’re here as a guest to celebrate with Jess, but we have a situation. In the kitchen.”
Dean’s hands find their way into Cas’s hair. Clothes are pushed back and pulled off. Nails scrape across skin as Cas draws Dean up against him, and he feels the same mix of passion and euphoria as the last time.
“You’re not from Toronto?” Dean asks, leaning forward to pour them each a shot of whiskey. Leaning forward stretches the soft fabric of Dean’s shirt across his chest. It’s a very enticing view. Dean catches him looking and hides a smile.
“Yeah, I do.” She sits back, considering. “Why are you looking for him? You’re not a cop or anything, are you?”
“Thank you.” Cas’s voice is shaky. She smiles at him and then gets up and heads back into the restaurant as Cas is unfolding the map.
“I don’t know. I spent the night, had coffee with him in the morning, and then panicked and snuck out while he was taking a shower.”
“Overnight.” Meg echoes, voice filled with satisfaction, giving up on her fries and putting her napkin down on her plate. She settles back against the worn maroon naugahyde of the booth and cocks an eyebrow at Cas. He knows he’s not getting back to the office without telling Meg about it.
“I really doubt that. I don’t think you know how. Goodbye, Michael,” Cas repeats, not taking his eyes off the screen. Behind him he hears Michael give an irritated sigh and leave without another word.
Cas gets up and Dean can see he’s got the gun in his hand again. “I’ll be right back, I’m going to go check out the ‘fucking armed men’ situation.” Dean’s not sure if he should be pissed off or reassured by Cas’s flippant reaction to being hunted by Islamist insurgents in an ancient natural labyrinth most of a day’s journey from anywhere that could remotely be called civilization. He decides that he’s too tired and scared to be pissed off.
starts, and Cas smiles at him. Dean’s chest feels impossibly full, like something is blossoming inside, taking up all the space.
The next day is New Year’s Eve. Cas has signed up for an aurora-watching tour, they’re going to be driven out on the tundra away from the lights of Churchill. There’s some worry about the weather; it’s clear now, but overcast might be setting in as there’s a cold front coming that might be bringing snow. He’s tired from his day of travel, but excited to be finally seeing the aurora.
They sent a text to Donna asking to stop and she took the next exit. Pulling into a truck stop on the east side of Rapid City, Dean and Donna both filled their tanks. Claire sauntered over to the Impala as Dean fueled up.
Wondering why she’s trailed off and gone silent, he leans forward. “And?” he says, his tone questioning.
“M’sorry,” he said, “I’ll try to drink more. It’s just… the water here tastes funny to me. I don’t care for it. But I’ll try. Will that keep my blood pressure higher?”
“Yeah,” she answered without hesitation, “definitely. I need pizza and a Mountain Dew like Yeager needs an M16.”
Once the two had said goodbye, Dean let himself into the motel room. Benny was still dead to the world so Dean simply checked him over and then crawled into bed next to him. Exhausted from the long day and satisfied with how he’d handled everything, Dean sank into a deep and dreamless sleep.
Squashing down the urge to say, ‘damn’ again, Dean shifted his weight in the seat. Both men returned their eyes to the screen.
Things grew quiet for a bit, Dean actually nodding off a little. Then, with a whoosh, Dean’s fragile peace was interrupted. Lydia had swooped down and was now floating above them.
The loneliest times were when he was meant to be sleeping. Tucked in beside Sammy, his mind would wander as it always had. But now, it wandered inevitably back to Cas. He missed his friend so much that it hurt inside. Sometimes he’d have dreams that they were together again… exploring or playing with their brothers. Those were the sweetest of dreams. But, almost always they ended with a glimpse of Castiel’s stricken face – the way it had looked when Dean had swam off with Benny and left his friend behind.
Gingerly rearranging his limbs, Dean maneuvers his feet to the floor and stands. It’s not easy to walk, he finds, not with seven or eight inches of hard cock embedded in him. Slowly, he walks across the room, grinning like an idiot as he watches his reflection approach the window. His cock his huge, dipping and swaying with his movements. He loves the way his body looks right now, and the way it feels.
He follows his father to the car and as they climb in, his dad asks him about his homework. With a sigh, he admits he has a lot and isn’t feeling up to it.
Thinking himself clever, he put a few more aspirins in his pocket for later and went downstairs. Breakfast was over. He overpaid for lunch, missing his brother and the almighty American Express he carried at all times. As he begrudgingly handed over too many bills, he noticed how quickly his wallet was thinning. He’d spent a fortune on drinks yesterday.
Dean moved slowly past and deeper into the cave, in search of his father. He found him along the back wall. Both his arms were bound from the elbow down. “What happened to your arms?” Dean asked him.
There. Something is moving. He can see it out of the corner of his eye over by the lobby door. A white figure with long, flowing black hair emerges from the shadows around the now-empty reception desk and drifts towards the glass doors leading outside, following Cas who is heading out the door. She’s almost transparent, her tattered white dress and stark white face shimmering against the glass doors before she passes through them. Dean quickens his steps.
“I think I”m gonna leave you alone to enjoy your happiness. I’m gonna go for a run.” Sam grabs a mug of coffee and heads back towards the door, calling over his shoulder, “Merry Christmas, guys. And Chuck bless us, every one.”
The city left far behind them, they camp that night under the biggest sky Dean has ever seen. The Milky Way cuts a glowing path across it, and, when the campfire gutters and goes out, Dean lies in his sleeping bag and looks up at the Big Dipper hanging low over the northern horizon. Kansas seems very far away.
Dean is shaken more than he’ll admit by this glimpse of Future Dean, alone in the silence of the bunker. “Okay, Bobby. I get it. I’m lost without him.” He sounds bitchy and ungrateful, even to his own ears.
Zachariah appears in the doorway. “Dr. Novak. I ran into a friend of yours downstairs and showed him up here. Before you leave, please come to my office, we need to talk about your grad students.” He disappears and then Cas’s stomach drops as a tall man walks into the room.
Team Free Will had been enjoying some post-Christmas downtime in the bunker, sticking close to home, only venturing out for a few hunts relatively nearby. Then two cases had cropped up at the same time: a hunter in Santa Barbara sending up a distress signal for help with what sounded like a clear-cut case of vampires, and a string of construction workers disappearing at a spa in Quebec, Canada.
Dean’s stunned. The look on his own face when he finally finds Cas, gets his arms around him, it’s a revelation. That’s not just relief on his face, it’s something much, much more. He’s stuck thinking about this, and only Jo’s impatient elbow in his ribs draws his attention back to the scene before him. He’s missed some of the conversation, but he remembers what’s next, him begging Cas to come with Benny and him and escape Purgatory.
“Who says I don't want that?” Dean teases, but slips out of Cas’s grasp and leads him into the bedroom. “But the bed’s more comfortable.”
“No, I don’t believe I do.” Ellen’s voice is cool, and she shuts the conversation down, as she busies herself cutting lemons behind the bar. Cas doesn’t believe her, but what can he do about it? He eats his burger and resigns himself to Plan B—walking up and down the streets of Churchill until he sees Dean’s house, he’s pretty sure he’ll remember it when he sees it. He has a street map of town, picked up at the airport, and is armed with the knowledge that the bears are all out on the ice of Hudson Bay at this time of year, hunting seals.
Cas resolutely pushes aside thoughts of Michael and concentrates on the coming adventure. He’s going north and finally seeing the aurora borealis, the northern lights, for himself. Alone, which isn’t how he’d imagined it, but he can live with that.
He tackles Mashaya and they go down together, Dean trying frantically to wrestle the gun away from him, to keep him from hurting Cas. It’s sloppy and brutal, Mashaya punching at Dean to get him to let go, and Dean hanging onto the rifle with all his strength. Mashaya’s slowly winning, rocking Dean’s head back with a punch that Dean feels as a starburst of pain, and the steady drip of blood from his nose. Dean desperately tightens his hands on the barrel of the gun, scared that Mashaya is going to use it on him if he lets go.
“I know,” says Cas. “Come on, get up.” He pokes Dean in the side. Dean growls at him and pulls the covers up.
Dean sleeps on and off on the way back to Fada. They’ve barely pulled into the parking area at the clinic when Gabe opens the door of the car to pull Cas out and hug him, before running over to where Meg is getting out of another vehicle. She gets a longer hug, Dean notes with some amusement. Peter and Benny and the rest of the staff are there too, and it’s a happy reunion, but Dean begs off the celebratory drinks and heads to the guest tent.
“Put pressure on this. It’ll slow down the bleeding,” Cas orders. He smooths Dean’s hair back from his forehead. “It’s ok. I don’t have a lot in this kit, but this should do until I can get the one  from the jeep and then we can get you back to the clinic.”
Dean presses his hand against the bandage on his thigh. “Are you forgetting there are fucking armed men who are fucking shooting at us in here?”
Cas pours them each a tiny cup of tea. It’s pale yellow and smells flowery. Dean follows the path of the cup up as Cas raises it to his lips, finding it disturbingly hard to drag his eyes away when Cas sips, his eyes falling to Cas’s throat as he swallows. He’s still getting used to the idea that their recently evolved relationship means he gets to look openly now, no more stolen glances like a goddamn romance novel. Cas meets his gaze with a slightly raised eyebrow. Flustered, Dean picks up his own thimble and sips at it gingerly.
“Dean.” Cas’s voice is resigned. “You don’t have to prove anything. We can go back to Cheyenne if you’re convinced that those deaths aren’t natural -- well not ‘natural’ but not ‘not supernatural.’ And you can ask for a fork.”
him. Not half an hour ago, talking with one of the soldiers, while the others were ransacking the supply tent.” He stops and sighs. “I didn’t want to believe it either, Meg.” She looks up, surprised at the misery that’s crept into his voice.
The first package arrives in May. Dean finds it sitting on the map table next to a box from a rare-book dealer in Brooklyn and another from a New Orleans herbalist. It’s small and misshapen, wrapped in brown paper cut from a grocery store bag and taped furiously. Nobody’s getting into that package without a pocketknife or an angel blade. Dean recognizes the bold angular letters of Cas’s handwriting — it’s addressed to Dean and the postmark is Charlotte, North Carolina.
“Me too,” says Rowena. “It’s been a lovely visit, and I’ve enjoyed your company, but I’m planning on spending Hogmany in Scotland.” She looks at Dean, smiling sweetly. “I’ll make you up a hex bag before I go."
idea what you were doing when you cast that spell? I can smell the whiskey on you. What on Earth gave you the idea that you were in any shape to use magic?”
. The thought of his old lover is like a glass of cold water poured over him. Dean must see something in his face, because he pulls back.
Cas turns so he’s facing Dean.“From the moment I ran out on you, I regretted it. I couldn’t think about anything else but you. I stopped thinking about Michael. I stopped thinking about pretty much anything that wasn’t you. I replayed that night in my head a thousand times. I kicked myself for leaving without learning your name or asking for your number.” Cas lifts his eyes from where they’ve been focused slightly west of Dean’s shoulder, and looks him in the eyes. “And then I found you again.”
“I could get you killed, Dean,” he’d said, miserable, smoothing the bandage and taping it down over the injury that Sam had just sutured closed on the motel room bed. Dean had tipped his head back and washed down two painkillers with the rest of the whiskey in his glass.
After the dishcloths arrive, Dean shifts into overdrive, Googling grocery stores/Italian grocery stores/groceterias in Charlotte, cross-referencing with the name Sal, calling other hunters who might know Charlotte well enough to pinpoint the place. He has a list of thirteen possibles when Sam talks him out of hitting the road for North Carolina. A flurry of livestock mutilations around Las Cruces, New Mexico needs checking out. Dean grudgingly agrees and it takes them a week to kill the chupacabra, a week Sam also spends convincing Dean to leave Cas be.
came back pretty quick, talking with those guys.” At Dean’s nonplussed look, he adds, “I went to med school at McGill University in Montreal. Lived off-campus, French roommates, learned the slang.”
The two-hour flight to Churchill seems to take forever, he manages to sleep a little, his head pillowed on his wadded up parka against the window, but it’s only mid-afternoon when he lands. He takes a cab to the hotel where Charlie and Dorothy stayed. He left in such a hurry that he had totally forgotten to reserve a room, but he’s lucky, there’s one available. He figures he’s got a couple of hours to find out Dean’s address before he gets home from work. After he dumps his carry-on in his room, too antsy to change out of the white shirt and dress pants he’d put on that morning, he heads downstairs to the restaurant. ‘Ellen’s Place’ is burned into a honey-coloured slab of wood over the door. He sits at the bar and orders a beer and burger, suddenly famished.
“ ‘Give him some time’? It’s been months, Sam. Months. Christ, he’s off on some hippy quest finding himself. It’s like a bad movie.” Dean stomps off to his bedroom.
Dean grins, “Nah, you’re doing fine.” He puts the boxes of ornaments he’s carrying down on the couch. “Besides, I’m going back outside. The floodlight’s burned out over the garage. I want to change it before Jody shows up. If she leaves after her shift tomorrow she won’t be here ‘til after dark.”
“Yes, it’s the tree of life. It should be facing towards the vermin to be banished. You have it facing the bunker. And the
“What were you even doing up there? You know what? Never mind, I don’t want to know.” He returns his attention to his eggs. In his peripheral vision, he can see that Meg’s still looking at him, concern replacing the amusement that had been on her face a moment before.
Dean picks up the pace. It’s a fine line to let her get far enough away from the winery so that the smokers aren’t in any danger, but not let her out of his sight for long enough to allow her to become a threat to Cas. He slips the sword out of his jacket and stalks down the pathway.
“Well, OK,” Dean huffs, and steps off the path. It’s a strange feeling: he’s sinking almost to his knees in the snow, but he’s as warm as if he were sitting drinking coffee at the kitchen table in the bunker. They make their way past the caution tape and into the woods. Snow is still falling lightly, and the winter sun is hanging low in the sky, casting long shadows between the trees.
Before it can get any more awkward, people are dropping into the other seats at the table. The blond man, Gabe; a dark-haired woman in her early thirties; and a man about a decade older.
Cas looks down. “Embarrassment, mostly. I didn’t want to get found out.” He looks back up into Dean’s eyes, “and I wanted everything to go well for you on your wedding day.”
They end up eating lamb and sticky rice. A bowl of dates follows, no doubt courtesy of the date palms that provide the oasis town with its most valuable resource. After two days on the move, it’s pleasant to sit still and enjoy the food. They spend a few hours there and it’s nearly midnight when they retrace their steps through moonlit lanes back to the inn.
And here it is. The freakout. Right on schedule. Cas’s stomach turns sour. He can’t do this. He can’t face Dean or go out for breakfast. He needs to get out of here. He fumbles through a few drawers in the kitchen before coming up with a pen and a pad of paper.
Cas shivers a bit at the cold. The fog’s come in and the overcast sky means there’s not even a moon. Gabe leads them up Geary Street and Cas wonders where he’s going, the garage where they parked is under the hotel they’ve just left. Gabe notices he still has the champagne glass in his hand, and he stops to deposit it in a concrete planter of petunias on the sidewalk.
Cas kept shoveling, his back turned to Dean. Dean leaned over stealthily and packed a handful of snow into a ball. Grinning, he lobbed it overhand, and it hit the back of Cas’s head, crumbling and sending snow down the back of his jacket collar. Cas spun around.
Dean goes back to his seat. Albert is standing behind the bar. He must have seen at least part of what happened because he sighs heavily and grabs a broom before heading over to the booth.
“I’m sorry Sam,” Dean says, “here, let me help…” and promptly trips over Sam’s hair. The squirrel, sensing that the attention is no longer on it, leaps from the display case and breaks for the library door. It almost gets away, but Cas manages to slam the colander down, trapping the squirrel underneath it.
Cas is looking a bit smitey. Two squirrels fighting over a bagel topple into the kitchen sink. Another one figures out how to open the fridge from where it’s standing on the counter. A beer tumbles out and smashes on the floor. Notch Ear starts to vibrate again.
“Well, another time I ended up in Nha Trang. I spent a few weeks there until I was powered up enough to fly back. I learned how to eat pho while I was there.” He uses his chopsticks to pick up a piece of beef from his soup and eats it.
Some time later, the room gets cold again. Dean looks up and sees a figure coalescing in the center of the room. Slowly it takes shape. Jo Harvelle is standing there. But he’s never seen her like this. She’s wearing a pink gown that leaves her shoulders bare, her blonde hair is a riot of curls held back by a tiara of stars, and she has honest-to-goodness fairy wings sprouting from her back. It’s strangely familiar. In a moment he gets it and starts to laugh.
“You are. And now you have a chance to tell him, to change that. You’re both alive, and Lucifer ain’t riding either one of you right now.”
They leave the tent and start walking around the encampment. Dean is counting militants. In addition to Mashaya, he can see ten soldiers working at various tasks. Youssef isn’t one of them.
Cas leaves the hall and crosses the lobby to a corridor where he saw the signs for the restrooms. A few minutes later, he’s heading back towards the lobby when a giggle from the coat room attracts his attention. A feminine giggle. And then a few muffled noises of the illicit romantic variety. Cas doesn’t know why his imagination immediately jumps to Gabe, but it does, because much like their mother, Gabe is also a force of nature. A chaotic, uncontained force. And the chances that Gabe's still at the bar waiting for Cas’s return? Slim to none. This is the last thing he needs: Gabe necking with a bridesmaid when he’s trying to get them both out of here.
“All right, Weezer!” Dean says. They reach for a cracker at the same time and their hands brush. Cas can feel an electric tingle where their hands touched. He wants to feel it again.
The man rolls his eyes. “God save me from fucking tourists. No, they’re to scare the bears away. Dude, that was way too close for comfort. You don’t fool around with bears. They’re apex predators. He would have tried to eat you.” The man moves to the living room window and looks out at the street.“Well, he’s moved on. Hopefully he’s headed out of town.”
“Hot damn, Cassie’s got himself a boyfriend.” The man puts his load down on a convenient desk and gives Dean a not-very-subtle once over. “He said that he might be having a visitor, and let me tell you, you don’t disappoint.”
Cas’s heart does some strange gymnastics. But no, this isn’t their bedroom in Lawrence. This body doesn’t smell like Michael, these snores don’t sound like Michael.
The whiskey is going down smoothly, Dean thinks. At least for him. Across the table, Cas shudders a bit as he downs another shot from the flask. “Dean, we’re at a winery, can’t we drink a nice Shiraz rather than something that tastes like its day job is stripping paint off doors?” Sam smirks at that, but Dean is firm.
“No,” Cas scoffs. He looks at her with exasperation. “Do you ever leave the city? People up north dress like that because it’s practical, it’s not an affectation. Besides, I doubt there are any hipsters in Churchill. It’s too small and remote.”
As Issa hands Dean his plate, she whispers to him quickly in French, “I only have a moment. You need to be ready. The army will come tonight, for the girls, for you and Dr. Meg.”
a cop out Jo,” he snaps. But she’s gone. The world turns upside down for a moment, and then Dean’s on his bed again, the ticking of the clock on his bedside table the only sound.
“Oh, we’re not done yet.” Cas lifted an eyebrow and advanced on Dean, who attempted to dodge the bullet he knew was coming, making noises that
Dean finds himself watching Cas’s lips. He’s got almost everything he wants, Cas is here, No more Heaven. Just here in the bunker with Dean. What is he waiting for?
He skids to a stop behind her, but she’s heard him. She whirls to face him and the trajectory of his thrust carries the sword into her belly instead of her back. She opens her mouth and screams, stringy black hair blowing back from her face, and then she bursts into a cloud of silvery vapour and vanishes. The blade falls out of the air onto the path.
A noise penetrates his panic bubble: someone is calling to him urgently. He realizes that the voice has been there in his ears for a bit, but he has pretty much ignored it as all his higher cerebral functions have been busy with
Dean ignores him, reveling in the feeling of hot water running over his body. He soaps himself up and is shampooing his hair when the shower seems to tip sideways, and he stumbles and cries out, hitting his shoulder against the wall.
“Gabe,” Cas starts, but his brother doesn’t wait to hear it, he just starts walking along the sidewalk again, motioning Cas to keep up. At least he’s walking in a straight line, Cas thinks, and that’s when things go from bad to worse and the rain starts. Within seconds, it’s coming down hard and Cas goes to grab Gabe’s sleeve to lead him back to the hotel.
It’s like someone has taken a village from Finland and set it down in the Quebec woods. Wooden saunas and steam rooms are scattered around a landscape of snow-patched, glacier-smooth granite rocks, punctuated by pools of blue water, some of them steaming gently in the cold air, others standing still and cold like they’re carved from sapphire. Behind the buildings, a waterfall plunges off a low granite cliff, pouring over a column of ice to fall into a pool below. The air is crisp and scented with woodsmoke. And everywhere are tall, thin trees, some still bearing withered brown leaves. Oaks. Young oak trees.
“Hey.” She drops a kiss on his cheek. “When you went radio silent I figured it wasn’t good news. I’ve got Thai food and cheap Argentinian shiraz and a plan.” He still doesn’t say anything but goes back to the couch as Meg bustles around the kitchen gathering plates and glasses and utensils. She takes the lids off the containers he’s unpacked onto the coffee table as he stirs himself to pour the wine.
Christina crumbles some of the muffin into her hand and stands with her palm outstretched. A chickadee flits over from a branch, grabs a beakful and flies off.
“What about you?” Dean pulls the door shut behind them and they walk down the corridor to the lobby of the auberge.
The next morning, Cas hurries through his first-year course lesson, and cancels his office hours for the afternoon. He catches a cab to the convention centre as soon as he can, not even wanting to waste the time walking there. He heads through the exhibitors’ hall and finds the booth for Barrick Gold. But one of the guys staffing it is on the business end, from Toronto, and the other is a mining engineer from the Golden Sunlight property in southwestern Montana. Barrick is a huge organization, and the booth is busy, neither of the men seem interested in helping Cas track down a geologist in Manitoba.
“Let’s check in and then go get something to eat,” Victor says, and Dean is down with that plan. He climbs out of the Range Rover and stretches before following Victor into the auberge. A few minutes later he’s shown into his room, a spartan chamber containing a bed, an armoire, a chest of drawers, a desk with a chair, and a shuttered window looking out into the courtyard. He unpacks his duffle, and heads to the front door to wait for Victor.
“Wait here. I made something for you — a Christmas present.” Before Dean can protest, Cas is back at the car, digging around on the passenger side. He comes back a minute later, carrying something. Mittens, it turns out. Large, warm-looking red mittens.
. Unsure what to do next, and worried about Cas, he makes his way towards the mess tent, stopping as two more men come out of the door about ten yards ahead of him. They have rifles strapped over their shoulders and their arms are full of boxes, their backs to him as they walk away, towards the melée. They stop for a minute and put the boxes down to redistribute the contents.
“Cas! Cas, are you alright?” Dean falls to his knees beside Cas. His eyes are closed and the blood on his shirt is very black in the moonlight. “Cas!” Dean puts his hand gently on Cas’s cheek, his voice shaking. “Cas, talk to me babe, please, just say something!”
He pulls the package across the table. Shredding the paper around the tape, he pulls it off and finds four square knit...things. They’re slightly smaller than washcloths and each has a small loop stitched to one corner. They’re olive green and made of some cottony kind of yarn.
“I wasn’t kissing Michael, Michael was kissing me. And if you saw that, you obviously didn’t stick around for any time at all after that, or you would have seen me push him away and tell him we were over. And that I found someone else. It was just really bad luck that he came looking for me right when I found you again. Karma is not my friend.”
?” Crowley snaps. The bawd looks over to Dior, a malicious glint appearing in his eyes. Great - now he’s getting dragged into this fight. “Why don’t you ask the omega of the hour what his secret is?” he says, waving an unconcerned hand towards Dior’s general direction.
Dior scoops both of her tight fists into his open palms and brings them over to his mouth, pecking them faintly, “I have no idea what you’re talking about,” he says, slipping an easy smile on his face “Tell me what’s going on and we’ll see.”
Dior thought he was doing a great job. Even fantastic, really. It seemed like everyone he interacted with was sucked into his game and left reeling with arousal. He knew he was now trickling slick into his bottoms, unable to do anything about it or care that much. Nobody would dare touch him when his alpha was
Crowley fixes him with a sour look. “If it isn’t my favourite prostitute. As rambunctious as usual, thinking my expensive desk is his own arse warmer.”
. The Prince was funny, and kind, and warm, smelled amazing and… And was under the impression he could ever do anything to upset a prostitute. That
When the time for harvest begins drawing near, Dean officially starts to worry. How can this little fledgling community possibly hope to pull off a harvest when they're short almost a dozen people? Doing so might be possible with someone knowledgeable running the show, but what does Dean know about pulling in crops from the field? How can he possibly figure out how much should be canned and how much should be frozen? How should it all be stored and how should the inventory and distribution of the goods be handled? He wishes his brother were here with his stack of clipboards.
Walking over, Dean bent to one knee and asked if Cas wanted to stay here for the night or go home. "Home?" parroted Cas. The vulnerability in those wide cerulean eyes set Dean's heart pounding. Oh, how he loved this man.
There’s a bit of a chill in the air and as he comes fully awake, Deans ears pick up on the sound that likely woke his mate... approaching footsteps. Turning to face the sound, Dean sees both his mother and brother approaching. He gives a wave and smile as he waits for them to close the distance.
Easing his foot off the brake to coast down Willow Drive, Castiel sees that being spontaneous and living in the moment have paid off. He grins widely as he watches the scene playing out in Mr. Winchester’s front yard.
“Where’s my stick to bite?” he asked. Between his tone and the look on his face, it was easy to tell that Benny was only half joking.
Setting aside the phone they couldn’t hack into, Dean turned his attention to the messaging page on the one he could. Leaning in so that his friend could see too, they didn’t even have to scroll down to see that ‘The Boss’ was the most recent contact. Isolating that conversation, they read what were obviously instructions on how to ‘take care of’ Benny and specifically how the crime should be covered up.
“Let’s leave the thinkin’ to me,” Dean countered. “Ya know, the dude who hasn’t lost a few pints and can still think clearly?”
As he and Benny fell in with the rest of their group, Dean’s mind was working to rationalize the bad news he was about to give his mother. He’d been considering this anyway, he told himself. He knew he’d not be happy as a Builder or Preparer or even as a Punisher. The adventurous life of the open water called to him. Perhaps it was a good thing he’d started hanging out with Benny’s crowd. They might challenge him to do what he dreamed… push him to do what he secretly wanted to do. This was a good thing, he told himself, a very good thing.
The shoulder-high prairie grasses are thin and wispy up high, bending in the breeze. But, nearer to the ground they are thick and tangled with underbrush. Holes, clumps, and even stumps threaten to trip them as they pound their way down one hill and up the side of the next. Threats like poisonous snakes are shoved to the back of Dean's mind as he careens through the brush but exertion is taking hold. The brothers are growing clumsy as they ascend the final hill. They continue on, even though they can't actually see the flag from their current position. Dean's thighs are starting to burn with the effort of running uphill on rough terrain. The wolves, seemingly unaffected, make a visible effort to slow for their human companions as they near the summit. Closer now and hopeful, Dean begins to call out for his mother despite being winded and Sammy joins him. That's when all hell breaks loose.
“Don’t get me wrong, they were already well off when they came to America. But the real influx of wealth didn’t come until the first generation of American-born Novaks. There were two sons, one of them ran a shipping business and the other was an engineer for the railroad. Both of them invested heavily in railroad stock and when the first transcontinental was completed, the money started rolling in. From then on, the family’s wealth continued to grow until the nineteen eighties. By then a few generations had come ‘n gone and the family had slowly shifted their primary interests from railroads to lending. The savings and loan scandal hit them hard. Since then, they’ve been going downhill.
But the urge is taking over and he is losing this battle. He’ll be had in the end, there’s no doubt. He’ll be rode hard and put away wet. He can’t abstain. Isn’t strong enough. Pulling the key from Baby’s ignition, Dean gets out of the car. He takes half a dozen steps, closing the distance between himself and what he wants. Needs.
The saloon type room they’d just passed through had been tame compared to what they found here. This time, Dean's feet didn’t falter. They carried him swiftly forward as he wound through a series of passageways. This huge tent was divided into small booths, the walls of each being nothing more than sloppily hung curtains. As he frantically pushed through the space, eyes probing for some sign of an exit, he couldn’t help but notice how little privacy these little rooms afforded those who used them. The mismatched and well-worn curtains hid nothing, huge gaps allowing too much to be seen by anyone who passed. Dean had never seen so much skin in his life and even at the tender age of twelve, Dean knew a whorehouse when he saw one. These were hookers. With customers. And the three of them were in some deep shit.
It was hard to choose what to look at first and, though he wanted to take in the entire room, his eyes locked on Kevin. Dean was surprised to see the young man looking so relaxed. He was far from relaxed and he wasn’t even participating.
There are eyerolls happening all around the room, but Coach doesn’t flinch. He simply looks out at the class and gives his answer without letting judgment show on his face. “No. A dribble of ejaculate around the vaginal area isn’t going to get a girl pregnant. It’s not like that movie, The Blob, where the goo actually moves on it’s own. The stuff isn’t going to climb up in there. There’s a reason why cum is shot from the tip of the penis… it has to be forced up into the vagina in order to have any chance of fertilizing an egg.”
They both seemed to share a love for the same actors and mutually despised others. Their viewpoints lined up when discussing plot lines and fan-favorite episodes of the shows they favored as well. It was as though Ron was Dean’s TV spirit-animal. They even shared similar ‘guilty pleasures’.
To Dean’s utter amazement, Castiel then comes forward and brings Dean’s naked body inside the protection of his coat, wrapping it around both of them. Swaddled tenderly like this, Dean feels pinpricks at the corner of his eyes again. He's taken aback by the caring nature of the gesture. Biting down on the emotions that threaten to take him over, he tries to summon the side of himself that has skin as thick as armor… the side of him that laughs in the face of pain and humiliation. Just when he thinks he’s okay to step out of Castiel’s cloak of protection and go find his pants, Benny steps up holding them.
“I can see how there’s perks to us both working at Disney,” said Dean, settling in alongside Cas, “But what perks are there for you if I’m doing oil changes?”
The brothers had been pursuing what they felt were the two most logical paths for finding their mother, and they’d divided up the research accordingly. Dean was slogging through possible ways to open doors to other dimensions, something they had almost no experience with. Across the table from him, Sam was digging around for ways they might locate Jack. Sam was much more confident in both Jack’s willingness and his ability to re-open the rift between worlds than Dean was.
Despite all that Dean felt his father had done wrong, he had to acknowledge that it could have been worse. There were lots of kids out there with worse parents. In fact, there were some kids with none at all.
“Don’t you have anything you’d like to do? Trips you’d like to take? Family functions you’d like to attend?”
As the man gets down on his hands and knees, Castiel drinks in the sight of him. His cheeks still spread around a protruding sex toy. It’s buried deep and shimmering oil glistens on his skin, pooling at the man’s entrance and spreading along his crack.
They had laughed and joked comfortably after that. They had carried Dean’s boxes from his car up to Cas’ apartment and shared a pizza with Cas’ roommate. Later that night they’d fallen into the bed, which was way too small, and that’s where they’d slept and fucked all the nights from then til now.
By the time the wheel had gone around once, it was fully loaded. With new passengers in every basket, it really started moving. The ride was more thrilling than Dean cared to admit. They rocked their basket, he and Cas laughing as Sammy protested, and when they crested the top at full speed and dropped back toward the ground, Dean felt his stomach lurch.
Cas gasped as he was shoved forward with the force of Dean pounding into him and he watched proudly as Cas’ hands scrambled for something to grip… something to hold on to. Dean was dishing out a punishing fuck and though the man's cock was probably trapped beneath him, Cas didn’t complain. He just bore down and took what Dean dished out to him, still pushing himself back, still angling to get deeper.
Waking to the alarm on his phone shortly after sunset, he was stiff and sore all over. He downed a handful of painkillers and climbed into the shower. The hot water helped relax his aching muscles and when he emerged, Dean was alert and ready to go. The clock was coming up on ten when he finally left Benny behind and headed back over to the scrapyard. On his way there, he stopped at a twenty-four hour WalMart to buy a shovel, a tarp, and a garden hose. He had no use for the hose but it seemed to make his purchase of a tarp and shovel less suspicious.
“It was a pleasure to meet you,” said Cas, rising from his seat along with Dean and clasping his left hand over their joined ones as they shook hands again and said good-bye.
His brother perked up when Dean came back in the living room with food and he moved over to make room on the couch. They watched TV as they ate burgers and chips, then Dean took their dirty plates to the kitchen. He sighed as he laid them in the sink too – it never stayed clean in the kitchen for long. As he put the fourth burger into the fridge for his dad, Dean couldn’t help but feel discontent as he left the kitchen with a greasy pan on the stove and dishes in the sink. He was always cleaning… but nothing was ever clean.
“Take a peek out that door, Dean. If they’re still at the same coordinates, you can probably see ‘em now.”
Having bonded with Benny from early on, Dean had remained loyal to him even when it became obvious that he'd one day challenge Cas for the leadership role. But, hoping to keep Benny anchored, he'd angled to keep the young ware perpetually assigned to the same group as he rotated through chores, learned to hunt, and eventually took the lead position on what had quickly become his own designated hunting party. This pattern, it turned out, was the key. When Benny came into his prime, he didn't contest Cas's leadership or challenge him in any way. He simply took those subordinate to him and began to separate himself. His hunting trips grew longer over time, and his returns became fewer and farther between. Then, he began staying at the packs Southern den almost all the time. He and his newly forming pack stayed away the entire winter before returning in spring as mating season descended.
“Don’t need you guys to get the job done tonight,” he laughs from across the aisle, “Andrea’s back in town.”
Out in the open their pack had kept a constant surveillance on the surrounding area quite easily. But here, amidst trees and buildings, they are kept safe by a constant rotation of wolves who prowl the perimeter in groups of two or three. The guards dutifully watch and listen for encroaching danger as well as sniff the dirt on each pass to be sure that there’s no scent of someone unfamiliar having crossed the invisible boundary they’ve established.
“It is,” sighed Dean. His body was heavy, exhausted emotionally as well as physically. Jack, who rarely slept, was still in the library, thumbing through their vast archives. Everyone else had begged off to bed when exhaustion set in, but not before a round of heartfelt hugs were exchanged among Winchesters. Their mom, because of Jack, was far too forgiving to hold a grudge against her boys for judging her harshly and sentencing her to exile in the dungeon. She hadn’t even given Dean a disapproving look when he and Cas had headed off to bed holding hands.
Returning his attention to the stovetop, Cas dumps noodles into the bubbling water and stirs them up. Sipping his tea and watching his son as he waits for pasta, he starts to wonder about his son and Claire. Jack seems so focused on her, so attentive. He’s hanging on her every word and smiling warmly at her with heavily lidded eyes. Perhaps it’s just because the young man’s been drinking, but to Castiel it seems possible that more might be going on.
“Hey handsome,” she breathed, stepping up and sliding into Dean’s lap. “Your friend thought you might like a ‘lil dance.”
Dean feels a cool, damp nose at the base of his ear and smiles sleepily as he’s nuzzled there. Whiskers tickle over the side of his face and Dean reaches out affectionately for his mate. He wraps his arm around behind big, floppy ears to pull the animals’ huge head to his chest. Then, with Cas’s nose gently restrained from his ticklish spots, Dean relaxes. Smiling softly to himself, he strokes the wolf’s head a few times before falling back into a deep and dreamless sleep.
“We’ve still got an hour or so to go,” Cas tells his son as he pays, “should we stop somewhere and get dinner?”
“I know. But it’s the only one where you don’t have to have cosmetology credentialing to get the job.”
Just then, the bathroom door opened and Kevin emerged. He appeared tired but refreshed. Cas left Dean’s side then, and moved to intercept. Still uncomfortable in his pants, Dean watched as Cas offered the boy to stay and have something to eat or drink. He politely refused the offer, though, saying that he’d already texted Channing and she was now waiting for him in the livingroom.
Dean felt a strange prickling in his eyes, and he squinted against it. His lip quivered too, and he worked to hold it still as he ventured, “I can’t…” Dean had no idea how to finish his sentence. There were just so many things he wanted to say and though suddenly presented with an opportunity to say them all, he couldn’t even find the words for one.
Gabe was laughing as he gently pulled Gabby from Cas’ side and maneuvered her into the stroller bed, draping a thin blanket over its canopy to darken her environment.
When he finally spoke, Novak’s voice had grown terse. His dominant side seemed to be reasserting itself. “That’s fine,” he said, “it really makes no difference to me.” Novak continued by saying, “At this point I can only assume that you’ve alerted your father about my last visit?”
“You really want my cock, don’tcha?” he teased as Dean pulled him out of his slacks. “You wanna ride it don’tcha cowboy.”
“Mickey and Minnie’s house!” squealed Jess from behind them. All the girls were gushing and pointing to things on their maps.
The rutting motion they’ve fallen into is steadily building and when it begins to boarder on reckless and sloppy, Dean pulls his lips from Cas’s puffy ones and begins tracking down his man’s body. He licks nipples and plants baby kisses along the man’s firm pecs as he continues lower. Stumbling across a soft treasure trail, Dean follows it downward. With growing excitement, Dean boldly clambers down the bed to bury his face in Cas’s bush. His friend bucks up into him in anticipation and then Deans opening his mouth to take the man in. He remembers this taste. He’d loved it the first time, all those long months ago when he’d first propositioned Cas. The man had opened his trench coat doubtfully and Dean had sucked him down. Now he does it again but this time with a tenderness he was lacking before.
Cas chuckled as he pulled the door shut and turned away from his brother’s room. He peered out over the railing and down toward the activity on the ground floor. There was a restaurant down there and gift shop. He considered this option, but he also knew there was at least one restaurant pool-side too. It was tempting to go out there to order lunch so he could have a banana cabana while he waited. But honestly, the idea of moving back out into the hot sun was repugnant when he was still grimy from work.
“That same law firm out in Cali. Him and his wife just got back from Hawaii. They spent two weeks there over the holiday.”
Resuming his role as the older brother, Dean let his voice grow teasing again. “Now you can be among your own kind - ya know?”
“Bet ‘yer ass,” the hulking man replies. “If ‘yer up for it, I know a spot. Private club, open til dawn.”
“In a sec,” his dad answers, pausing to tend to a skillet on the stove before plucking crisp slices from the toaster and dropping them on the plate.
A chorus of "Thanks Grandma!" breaks out as the kids rush over and begin digging through the gifts. Each eventually settles on one to open and returns, clustering around their grandmother. She nods to them, each in turn, and they open their packages enthusiastically. Cas is falling asleep on the floor by the time the kids start to get tired and Dean is feeling drowsy too.
After he’s come, Cas lies there for quite a while. It’s uncharacteristic of him. Usually he gets up almost immediately to clean his toys and put them away; but not tonight. Oblivious to the mess cooling under him, he lingers in warm fuzzy thoughts. He imagines his body folded around his favorite teacher, both of them satisfied and too worn out to move. Sticky and sweaty, they’d lie contentedly together afterwards, and Castiel would savor every moment.
With this incredible scene unfolding vividly behind his eyelids, Cas strips his own cock heavily with one hand while scissoring the fingers of his other hand urgently in his own greedy hole. Building faster, even as his arms plead battle fatigue, Castiel rocks relentlessly on his side in the bed to a dirty and salacious fantasy of his son’s teacher.
Locked in place by fear, Dean could only watch as the evil man strode about his arena. His heart clenched for Sammy. Poor Sammy. His brother had said he was in deep-deep shit. His brother was right. The longer he stayed seated, feeling Crowley watch him, the more his fear mounted. He knew it was time to flee. His instincts told him that Mr. Crowley knew he was there, knew he remembered, knew he was watching him. Maybe he thought that Dean had changed his mind and come back to accept a deal – or perhaps he knew that Dean was here to save his brother. Or, was he imagining the recognition he saw in those calculating eyes? Regardless, it was time to go. Finding the will to rise from his seat, Dean stood and shuffled his way down the row, stumbling a little over the tangle of feet on the bleachers.
Dean reached up and dug out two. Setting them down near the stove, he then asked if there was anything he could do to help. “I dunno,” shrugged Ron. “Maybe make toast?”
Putting the cantankerous celebration behind him and heading out of town, Dean whistles Led Zeppelin as he walks. He crosses the creek at his first opportunity and follows it North. He’s still a half-mile from home when the first of the wolves find him. They fall in to flank him when he doesn’t break his purposeful stride. But, when Cas lumbers into his line of sight, Dean can’t help himself. He breaks into a jog, eager to reunite with his lover.
But, as usual, John Winchester exhibited the worst imaginable timing. Dean could hear the distinct rumble of the Impala in the distance, and his heart broke that this moment had to be over. He withdrew from their kiss, but before pulling back he gave Cas two more pecks, finding the will to separate as he did. But, he could not find the strength to look at Cas again. Instead he looked down at his sleeping brother. Then, John rumbled up in front of them.
Wordlessly, they swam off after Michael and stayed behind him as he also pulled aside a dozen or so other senior Learners. Among them were Crowley, Aaron, Cole, and several others that Dean knew well. Michael led them away from the school and back out into open water. As they left the relative safety of their school, two Guardians fell in with them.
From behind him, Chris honks the horn. Jack is so hell-bent on getting inside that he doesn’t even look back, he just raises his arm in response before flinging himself unceremoniously through the front door.
“I know you like it in the back door,” he says, his face turning cold and calculating. “I know that much.”
“Well, I have the wedding tonight,” Dean said ruefully, “maybe we could meet up after. Like at the pool? You might need to relax in the hot tub after an afternoon on stroller duty.”
He nods understanding. Cas is curled against his body and ready to sleep, but his eyes blink up at Mary as though he’s listening to her. “If there really are guardian angels,” Dean sighs, “then they’ve got some explaining to do.”
Once that guy has moved on, there are only a few more hugs before it’s his time to rotate out. He waves grandly and heads backstage. As he takes off his costume and cleans up, he’s reminding himself that with the onset of summer his days at the park will be longer. There are no classes over the summer, and work is his only obligation. That’s probably why this day seemed so long to him. It’s the start of working a full-time schedule rather than the little three- to four-hour shifts he’s used to working. The day has taken a lot out of him.
“Your old man. He just came in for his shift. He didn’t come home last night did he?” asked Bobby flatly.
The agent raised his chin and peered down at Dean from under an arched eyebrow, much like he’d done in the Gallery during bidding. “You’re putting it in,” he said firmly.
Ready to leave, he raises his binoculars one last time. Before starting up his vehicle, he wants to be sure of the coach’s position in the garage. After all, once he turns the key, he’ll have to drive right past the man. Looking through the lenses once more, he squints and adjusts the depth until he’s got a clear image of his target.  Zep is still playing, though it’s a slower and more sensual tune now, and the man is still under his car. One hand is twisting a tool and the other is at his abdomen, fingers mindlessly skimming up and down his stomach as he works. The Coach does this often, even when standing upright. To Castiel, this habit marks Dean as a very sexual creature. He probably does the same when he’s sitting idle and watching television or reading a book.
“These things happen in their own time,” said Benny sagely. “And since can’t neither of us have what we really want tonight, maybe we should jus’ have a little fun our own way.”
They settled on oatmeal for her, and briefly discussed transitional foods that she could use to move from ‘gruel’ to real food. Then, once their order had been placed and they were alone again, Dean asked his mother to tell them what had gone down with Lucifer.
And he does. His body is practically quivering for it right now and his heart is racing and his breath is coming in quick, short pants. “C’mon,” he shouts at Benny without looking up, “I need fucked! Ain’t you got any fuckin’ sack?”
The only good thing Dean had ever had in life was his brother. No wonder he’d taken such good care of him. Even if their father hadn’t constantly instructed him to watch out for Sammy, Dean would’ve done it.
Still holding his chin high, Dean continued staring and said nothing. His posturing probably wouldn’t fool the guy because Dean’s own body was betraying him. Even if his poker face revealed nothing, his straining boner proclaimed his desire loud and clear. His juicy asshole was practically begging to be fucked and Dean was sure it was obvious, even from across the room, because he could feel a dribble of his own slick leaking from between his cheeks. A bead of it was tracking down his inner thigh at this moment, it’s progression torturously slow.
When the bidding was finished, Dean belonged to the trenchcoated man. Still, he didn’t turn to see his number. He let his eyes linger on the proud winner; couldn’t wait to get behind a closed door with him.
That statement pulled a smile to Dean's lips and as he watched his brother chuckle, Dean finally put his fork to his lips. Taking a huge bite of potato, he smirked at Sam.
“Damn straight,” she said as she took his lead, “and I heard that there’s going to be three kinds of pie at dinner tonight.”
“You listen to me, Ron,” said Dean firmly. “I’m only gonna say this once and if you make me repeat it, I swear to god I’ll walk out that door and never come back here.”
“On three,” Benny countered, his arms spread between the headrest of the passenger seat and the dashboard. “You lift and I’ll pull myself in.”
Still chuckling to himself, he covers the eggs and begins making toast. While he waits for the first two slices, he makes his usual morning tea. Pulling the butter from the fridge and his favorite honey from the cupboard, he claims the first round of toast for himself. Popping two more slices into the toaster, he butters his own and drizzles the cinnamon wildflower honey over it. Adding a bit to his tea as well, he then licks his sticky fingers and takes a few bites as he tries to imagine what realistic secret desires Kelly may have been keeping from him back when they were a couple. This line of thinking is very cathartic and he smiles as he admits to himself for the first time that no human being is as perfect as he’s remembering her to have been.
Things are a little different for the pack now that they’ve claimed additional territory. For starters, they no longer go everywhere together. They no longer move as one. They split apart often, smaller groups going out to hunt or to explore or even to accompany Dean as he scavenges. No matter what, a fair number always remain here at ‘home base’ to protect their asset, even when the rest of them leave.
Castiel feels Dean pressing up behind him on the bed - feels the weight of his hard dick when it rests against his backside. He pushes back into the warmth of the man and starts begging again.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas said quietly, smiling before he could help it, “Things are fine. She’s just starting to get cranky so it’s a perfect time for me to return her to my brother.”
Dean had been getting off to Dr. Cum Control for a while now, but never before had he been unable to touch himself… forced to wait… it was glorious.
Dean’s been thinking about Cas all week. It doesn’t matter where he is… sitting in his office with the other coaches, leaning against the wall in the gymnasium while kids run laps, working on his car in the garage, or watching television in bed… his mind is on the blue-eyed man who used to watch him. It’s a little disturbing to admit it, but he hates thinking of that in the past tense.
Taking a protective stance over his brother, Dean turns his weapon on the grey. In an instant he understands everything. The grey is doing what he’s always done – taking down a human on sight. Cas, however, having been intimate with Dean for so long, knows this scent. He associates it with Dean and is ready to die defending it. Seeing two enormous Wares fight is an incredible thing. He can feel it in the ground each time one of their mighty paws comes down and their snarls send shivers of fear of down his spine. The great Grey wolf is no match for Cas and on some level Dean knows this. After all, if he were capable of winning in a battle with the alpha, he’d actually
Nodding, Jack turns to go but finds himself tugged back by the shoulder. “How come you’re not on the field with us this year? Tired of bus trips with the cheerleaders and having the entire school clap for ya when you take the field?”
“Who cares?” he shouted wildly, smiling into the breeze. “Who fucking cares, Cas? Just leave with me. We’ll figure it out.”
“Dean,” says Cas, keeping his back turned, “I just want you to know that I don’t care if last night was a one-time thing for us. Even if you and I can never have sex again, you’re still the one I want in my bed every night. I want you with me even if we’re not fucking. I’ll be your friend always, regardless of what you decide. But, I want you to know that you're welcome here... that I love you and I want to share my life with you. I’m yours if you want me, Dean.”
As he's speaking, the school-age children are arriving. Each is holding the hand of the student in front of them, the long chain of students ushered along by the their teachers. They are quickly ushered down into the basement of the church and Sam and Jess's older kids are among them. High overhead, the bell is still ringing. Adults with weapons begin heading to their assigned locations. The community  has been running practice drills for years and as Dean looks around, he can see that they've paid off. Falling in with a few others, he heads into the church and begins climbing stairs.
Honestly, when Dean stopped to think about it, none of them were the same as they'd been before their first brush with a demon. Mr. Crowley's carnival had opened their eyes and fighting him had made them into different people. Each of them had been affected differently, but they were all affected.
As they moved over the uneven ground, Sam fell in beside Dean and was then flanked by Pastor Jim. Both men were animatedly discussing the different ways that they could handle all the difficulties they'd encounter over the next few hours and days. Wondering if his father was watching he and Cas hold hands, Dean chanced a glance behind them. The man seemed to be paying no attention, completely focused on the wheelbarrow he was pushing as it pitched and lurched over the rough terrain.
Cold at first, the water shocked him into being physically present and not locked away in his head. He paid attention to what he was doing as he warmed up the water, soaped his hair, scrubbed his pits, and rinsed off. Toweling dry, he started to feel tired. He craved food and a nap. The decision to head home for both was easy.
Each time Dean comes out to them, the pack watch him be fucked within an inch of his life. Though his dark wolf clearly means him no harm, it is far from gentle with him. And though it makes no sense to Dean, he can’t deny that he loves it. Craves it. Can’t live without it.
They work together to put the finishing touches on their meal and get everything set up outside. Then, the two seat themselves and begin to eat. The juicy steaks, smoked and grilled to perfection, are the highlight of their meal. The sun begins to sink low in the sky as they enjoy the indulgent meal and from around the patio, the soft hum of insects begins to swell with the onset of dusk.
His posture was stiff and his speech proper. Most anyone else who walked around like they had a stick up their ass would annoy Dean to no end. But for some reason, Dean liked it on Cas.
Dean was the first to move past the moment. He clapped Cas on the shoulder as he turned to walk away. “Nice to meet you, Cas,” he said as he walked off toward his friends, who Cas assumed were still at the patio bar near the pool. After pausing a moment to watch Dean go, he took the other path, the one that led to the main building. He was buzzing hard, so he pulled his rubbery bologna sandwich from his backpack and ate it as he walked.
. Benny keeps one hand on him possessively as they cross the lot. There’s no discussion of whose vehicle they’ll take. Dean’s just guided towards Benny’s truck. When they climb in, Benny asks how long they have.
Shocked, but not really, Dean turns to Sam. The kid’s mouth is still hanging open. “C’mon kid,” he says, dropping an arm around his shoulders to steer him out. “They’ve got work to do and we’ve still got a man down out there.”
By the second week, Dean's getting the hang of things. To his surprise, he actually enjoys the time he's spending with his niece and nephews. He plays games with them that he remembers from his own childhood and tricks them into doing chores by disguising them as games. He helps Jess out as much as he can and volunteers for work details where he thinks he can do the most good. The most important thing he can do, it seems, is occasionally reassure Jess that her husband will soon return.
Dean doesn’t open for Benny, too interested in blowing Castiel. Benny finally loses his temper and grabs Dean by the back of his neck, shoving himself in alongside Castiel. With his mouth wrenched open and stuffed full, Dean feels the first traces of pre-cum forming at the tip of his own dick. He’s grown hard and is almost fully erect now. Handling two cocks at once isn't easy, even for a pro. It's much easier to go back and forth between them, which is what he's now starting to do.
Once again thrown off balance, but utterly delighted, Dean whispered his agreement without a thought for the consequences. With unfettered joy, Dean leaned in and parted his lips, letting Cas be the one to seal them together. The air was crisp and cold around them, but Dean felt only heat as they sank deeply into the kiss, Dean curling into Cas’s body. Their arms circled around one another and tightened and, for the entire time they were locked together, there was a small and pitiful voice in the back of Dean’s head just begging him to remember every detail. Every touch and every soft sound. This was it, and he knew it. For the first time in his life, Dean Winchester was falling in love. He wished he could have the certainty of knowing that Cas was falling too. But, he’d take what he could get and do his best to be grateful for it.
“You’ve been employed here for quite some time,” she reminded. “And you’ve said that you’re very satisfied with the work. To me, that implies a sense of permanence. You’re not looking to change your career path anytime soon, right?”
Standing side by side, the brothers watched the light as it lingered for quite a while in Texas. Then it relocated to Wyoming, North Dakota, Wisconsin, and Ohio. The light lingered for several minutes in each location. They’d been standing here watching for quite some time and the tension in Dean’s neck was making his shoulders ache. Resting in western Tennessee for over five minutes, the light seemed to have come to a stop. Dean looked over at Sam and said, “Did he just drop anchor in Memphis?”
He drank his juice like a good boy and followed his handler obediently as he was led to the salon. Cared for by Lydia today, there wasn’t much to be said. He just stayed quiet and followed her instructions as she gave him an emema, scrubbed him clean, waxed him, and prepared him for the Gallery.
When Crowley looked away, turning his attention back to the entrance of the tent, Dean realized that the roaring in his ears wasn’t inside his own head. It was outside the tent –  the sound of angry voices, a mob of them. Following the ringmasters gaze, Dean’s eyes landed on the entrance to the tent where more clowns were pouring in – all shapes and sizes. In the midst of the chaos, Dean caught sight of a face with no make-up. His brother. Crowley’s evil henchmen had now taken Sammy prisoner too.
When they pulled up to the house, Dean made Sam promise him that he wouldn’t go to the carnival until the very last day. He also made his brother swear that no matter how crazy the scheme, if Dean came up with a plan, Sam would go along with it. They hugged before parting, each to his own room. As Dean flopped down on his bed, he was already working up his plan of attack for tomorrow. The digital clock on his nightstand read 2:57am. He wondered if Sam would be able to sleep. Perhaps he hadn’t slept for a while – maybe that’s why he looked so rough. No wonder Dean had assumed his brother to be sick. He was every bit as eaten away with worry as any terminal patient.
Feeling strengthened, Dean blinked open his wet eyes and began to pull out of their embrace.  With a nod of acknowledgement to Cas for what he’d said, Dean kept silent. There wasn’t much he could say. For most of his life Dean had been wanting to bring Cas
Dean loves the way Cas will look at him when tasting something delicious that he’s never tried before. Dog treats, jerky, even potato chips, are all big hits with Cas and the pack. And, yes, Dean’s wolf has now become ‘Cas’ in his mind. The combination of ‘Cub’ and ‘Badass’ have inevitably merged to become a mangled new word that was perfect in its singularity. Cas.
“I don’t have another level,” he barked roughly, thumping his fist on the table. “I eat. I sleep. I fuck. Those are my levels, man.”
"That's great Sammy!" bellowed Dean, slapping his baby brother on the back. "I can't imagine that was easy."
“Well, you can take care of my car for me. There’s that. But mostly, I like the idea of coming home to my sexy man all dirty and sweaty under his overalls.”
Casting a glance at his brother in the rear view mirror, Dean tried to remember that he wasn’t perfect. He was just someone who had done the best he could at the time. His feelings about Mary were different now than they had been back then. By getting to know the childless version of her, Dean now had some insight into how she thought, rationalized, and made her decisions. She was a force to be reckoned with, that was for sure. And, as a mother, she had a lot to learn. But in fairness to her, she hadn’t been given much practice. She’d had Dean for only a few years… back at an age where fixing him a sandwich with the crusts cut off had been the extent of the necessary knowledge. She hadn’t watched him grow up, slowly learning all the nuances of what it is to be a mother and the selfless patience that’s required.
