It's just a song about living in the moment and holding onto the people you love, underscored by a sick guitar riff. Dean can get behind that. He can even get why Cas would put it on a tape for him.
He didn't vanish at all. He just sort of hung out, had dinner, and then retired to bed. Just like they do every night. Sometimes, after Jack and Sammy have retired to bed, Dean and Cas will sit around in the big armchairs and talk, or not talk — just be. But not last night. Cas had smiled at him (no black goo, just a smile), said, “I hope you like it,” and gone to bed.
Dean examines the cold in his bones. He remembers the last time he felt warm, reminding himself it’s okay not to have that. He doesn’t understand why he keeps missing things that never belonged to him.
Love that is violence. Violence that is love?
Dean thinks through the few decent good relationships he’s had. Robin, Cassie, Lisa. Women who didn’t really need him, but could want him. Whose thighs he could bury himself in to make them forget that he didn’t have anything else to give. People who never saw the full picture of who he was until far far too late.
After about five minutes, Dean catches Eileen’s attention. “So, you’re bisexual,” he says, signing the same.
(See the end of the chapter for
Content warning: discussions of grief/past canonical character deaths, general *intense feelings*
It’s not that he’s uncomfortable being wanted. Plenty of people want him. Dean’s always found that kind of attention carefully flattering. However, those are people who don’t know him. People who like Dean for his shell. People who probably wouldn’t care if it was Dean inside or Michael.
He stands. Impossibly, he stands up.
which makes him smile. It is, after all. Unwritten.
He wants to be a better brother and a better friend.
A tiny snap of twig sounds from his left, and Dean’s gun is out, trained towards the threat.
Eileen sees the ring ahead and pushes her lungs faster. Hoping she has enough speed. Hoping she’s gonna make it in time. Hoping someone will miss her.
Dean’s not sure that Gladioluses come in purple, but Dean’s gonna work with what he’s got. He wanders down to the workroom, not dodging people per se, but taking the long route to avoid the sounds of Sam, Cas, Jack, and Eileen making a mess in his kitchen.
to love him? Dean is the hammer that shatters fragile glass things like love. Dean takes good, lovely things and twists them until they snap.
Okay, the coffee is pretty bad. It was leftover in the pot and he didn't want to make any extra noise. The soundproofing in the bunker is good, but it's not that good.
A week later, Dean sank into a self Sam had never known existed. He started drinking and didn’t stop. He barely ate. He wouldn’t leave his room. He ignored texts and calls from anyone but Sam.
Eileen pauses. She was ready for some flack. Maybe an assertion that she can’t be bi and in love with Sam. Even some horrible threesome joke.
“You know he’s going to retaliate.” Cas says, twisting in his seat to look at Dean like it's not at all strange that Dean walked into the room and froze like Captain America in his downed plane.
He thinks about Castiel, in his kitchen, saying, “I like who you are.” He thinks about Jack wanting to be like him. He thinks about crawling out of his own grave, deciding that he can still save people.
The next day at breakfast, Cas had observed Dean and Jack together with a sharp eye. Bustling around the kitchen, Dean had leaned in to ruffle Jack’s hair, and Jack had smiled wide. It might take some time, but Cas knew that they’d be okay.
Dean also doesn’t have any good words right now that aren’t, “Please, let's do that again.”  Then, Dean realises he
Dean should say something. Dean is fine. He’s fine. He is completely and totally fine. Dean just has to say something. Respond. Say fucking anything.
Okay. So, it’s done then. It’s over.
“It's okay, kiddo.” God, his voice sounded like sandpaper. “You deserve to be happy.” Jack's face lit up like Dean was a God handing out revelation instead of a broken man stating a basic human fact. He could feel Cas's smile widen behind him, and wasn't that a wild experience?
It’s not surprising that Cas left. What’s surprising is that he stayed at all.
He drinks the coffee. It's cold, and he's fine. He doesn't want a beer instead. He doesn't want to be asleep instead. He doesn't want anything, because he's fine. Everything is fine.
He’s in the garage. Dean rakes in another breath.
“Uh?” Dean says, because he’s not the dumbest Winchester for no reason.
Dean fights down a wave of panic.
Dean sits up slowly, stretches out his perpetually achey left shoulder, which Cas swears is fully healed. Dean grabs a morning shower and, weirdly, thinks that today is going to be a good day.
Dean’s not sure how he’s ever supposed to get over that. How close he was to a happy ending, how badly he ruined it. How desperate he is to fix it, how little he knows how.
locket walks in. Sam feigns interest in buying something like it for his girlfriend, and the girl dead up sells it to them on the spot for 10 dollars. Dean slides it into a curse box, and 20 minutes later, Sam purifies the amulet in the parking lot.
Wait, Jesus, how many dates have they been on? When did this start? How did Dean miss this?
Cas, because he’s a real fucking asshole, says, “I cannot...check in on you?” Dean, who knows he’s already lost this fight before it begins, just goes for it anyway.
Kaia picks up on it first and starts laughing. Cassie smiles at her. Cassie. Cas. Dean’s whole face turns red, and he realises he’s out of coffee, so he tries to make eye contact with the waiter to get more, also the check, and maybe a quiet place where he can lay down and die.
When it’s done, Dean rewinds the whole tape. The third time Beyoncé starts singing, Dean’s still unable to hold back laughter.
“Is that a good thing or a bad thing?” Dean asks, since he’s genuinely not sure.
So, Cas loves him, but Cas doesn’t really want him. Dean pushes the pedal like that angers him, but it doesn’t. It can’t. Dean already knew that.
It’s hard sometimes, to reconcile the Dean she heard whispers about with the Dean that Sam and Cas talk about with the Dean that’s right in front of her, flirting innocently with a waitress half his age. There are many different Dean’s, and Eileen respects that. She’s just not sure she likes all of them.
A beat of silence. Dean fights the urge to check and make sure that Cas is wearing shoes.
Dean remembers it differently. He remembers Cas slinging fire to buy Dean five minutes. He remembers Bobby taking a shot he knew wouldn’t make a difference in a last ditch attempt to protect him. He remembers Sam overcoming insane odds to save the world. He remembers that everyone died.
It makes sense. I mean, Dean clearly likes Eileen, and he’s not the kind of person to expect the other person to do all the work. Plus, Dean is crazy smart. He’s not always great with languages, but sign language is a physical thing. Besides, Dean’s not as bad with language as he pretends to be. It’s mostly the reading and the writing that he struggles with, which wouldn’t be a problem here. Dean can pick up physical skills like no one Sam has ever known, and he’s good at adapting how he speaks to fit new vocabulary. Dean’s got a cleverness to him that he always undersells, but Sam knows. Sam’s not stupid. You can only watch a guy build an EMF-reader out of scrap junk so many times before you realise that even you were underestimating him.
So, yes, it’s unlikely that Dean was going to learn about bisexuality from John. The guy couldn’t be assed to go to his 11 year old kid’s play because it wasn’t a
Dean takes these wants and tucks them carefully in the outer breast pocket of his flannel, visible and close to his heart all at once.
No. I’m — “No shit, Castiel.” Dean bites. “Observational skills like that, no wonder you’re always fucking things up.”
Sam hadn’t known what to do — he hadn’t known what was happening — so he asked, “What happened, Dean? What happened when he saved you?”
Still, the point is that Dean adores Eileen, even though they don’t spend much time together. Eileen and Sam sometimes drag Cas and Dean out of the bunker whenever Jack has gone to spend time with Kelly in Heaven, or Rowena in Hell, or really anyone at a place that's not the bunker. One night, Eileen and Dean had invented shots with Donnie while Cas and Sam’s game of pool somehow ended up with the table on fire.
“Sure.” That earns a genuine smile before she slips silently out of the room.
House on Fire reiterates that Cas
It’s almost a day’s drive to the bunker from here, but Eileen knows her harbour.
He doesn't even have to fast-forward through Untouched. He's calm. He's fine. Dean Winchester is fine. He didn't even break anything.
“I didn’t ask for you to come,” Dean snarls, and when that doesn’t feel cruel enough, “I don’t need you.”
Jack and Cas had been persona-non-grata in the bunker, because even when Sammy tried to bring them up, Dean had felt his windpipe close and his mind roar with white noise. They didn't talk about Jack and Cas. They didn't. Dean couldn't.
Dean wrings his hands, years of calluses rubbing together. Isn’t that what he’s been doing?
Well, he seems happy. He seems excited. He even reaches over to tap Eileen on the shoulder to ask if they can make a detour on their way back from the hunt to swing by a bookshop that Cas mentioned. Eileen agrees. Apparently there’s a good cafe in that town and a civilian who Eileen wants to check in on, Eileen being the only person besides Dean who has the right priorities, clearly.
The Banes twins are always interesting, that’s for sure. Dean and Sam had heard about Alicia walking, talking, and being generally Not Dead in the dark weeks after Chuck. They had hauled ass to be in the same town as them by morning.
He pops the mixtape out of its case and slides it into Baby. As he waits for the garage to open, Dean pulls out the two papers. The first one says “1. The Deepest Sighs, The Frankest Shadows by Gang of Youths,” and the second has a corresponding “1.” beside the text “Light of humanity.”
Watching Eileen, he knows that he wants Dean to have this, too.
“I don't know yet.” Dean's voice is a sharp bite. He tries to soften it with, “I'm looking into it.” It doesn't work.
Dean is trying to bring his hands to grab the heart, to stand and knock it out of Cas’s hands, to do anything but kneel miserably at the edge of Cas’s pyre. He can’t. His chest is flayed open, jagged ribs jutting in every direction. He can’t draw breath to speak other words.
There is no reason to be like this. There is no reason to act like this. Dean fumbles out the paper, looks down and reads the song titles, and realises two things. 1) He’s not sure who Sleeping At Last is, but he hates them. And 2) there is only one song left.
But that Dean died years and years ago.
Eileen hangs around the house while Dean sets up in the nest. She steals a fizzy water (after taking a moment to snap a picture of the full-sized fridge filled entirely with La Croix — it’s not like Isabelle needs to eat food, Eileen supposes) and wonders if it’s inappropriate to take a selfie with the decapitated Marid head for Sam.
Sam, for some reason, mumbles, “Well, it’s certainly convinced me,” as though Castiel wouldn’t be able to hear him speak under his breath while sitting directly across from one another. Cas can hear a sink dripping, in a bar, in China if he wishes. Unfortunately, hearing it does little to explain it.
She wants. She sends Sam the bathtub emoji instead of saying so. He knows. She knows he knows. That’s more than enough.
Eileen takes a selfie and taps out a message to Sam.
Dean looks contrite for a second, so she knows he heard her, and says, “It’s really not my fault. Remember that weird moment with Dr. Sexy and Dr. Hart at the beginning of the season? Well, they revealed that —”
He puts the nachos in the oven, grabs a beer from the fridge, and leans against the counter to look at Cas’s note: “6. DDU-DU DDU-DU by BLACKPINK.” Weirdly, Dean could have guessed that. The other says, “6. Justifiable arrogance.”
a hundred times in his own head.
“Yes?” Dean doesn’t mean it to be a question, but it’s been a very confusing morning.
- Apologies for late posting tonight! I started grad school this week (woo!), and while my classes are bomb, they require a great deal of brain power.
“Say what, Dean?” The worst thing is that Sam sounds genuinely curious. Like what Dean’s done isn’t obvious. Like Dean has to be the one to say it. Sammy is smart though, and he doesn’t normally pull punches. If Sam doesn’t see how Dean has become the worst parts of their father, Dean’s not gonna be the one to tell him.
That's not weird. Cas did a lot of driving, and he deserved good music. Who cares that Cas's car didn't have a way to play tapes until after Dean gave him the mixtape? That's not the point. The point was giving him the tape. Giving him the music.
“I —” he falters. A chink in his anger, only visible now that he wants the rage. I love — I need you.
Eileen’s not entirely certain what Jack’s relevance is here, so she responds, “What about Jack?”
“You really trying to tell me that this has nothing to do with me? That’s your fucking response? Cas, no jury in the world is stupid enough to buy that.”
Alone. Dean is alone. Anger buffets his chest, trying to push out the despair, leaving bruises on the inside of his ribcage.
Hell washes over him. He strains to hear
Eileen had not liked her when they met.
“My Dad. He…it’s like —” Patience huffs out a frustrated puff of air. “I want him to be a part of my life, okay. He’s my Dad, and I love him. But he —” Patience looks back down at her cup, but Dean sees the way her eyes are glistening as her thumbs start to fidget.
“Cas has been helping me,” Dean says with a shrug, also trying to sign along. They’ve been using the signs Angel and Champion for Cas the whole morning — objectively hilarious — so he signs “Champion Angel” and “help” in the direction of himself.
Dean feels a shuddering in his chest. “You’re...” She’s right. “Listen.” Dean sets his mug on the table beside Patience, placing his hand on her shoulder to make sure she hears him. “There is nothing bad about who you are.”
Dean Winchester is fine. He's fine. Rubbing his hand against his mouth, he blinks sleep from his eyes to stare into a coffee cup at the kitchen table. It's 4:30 in the morning, and he's been up for half an hour. Still, he got five hours of sleep, and Sammy won't be awake for another two to yell at him anyway.
Dean and Cas are dating, and Cas gives Dean his love, his attention, his care. Brings him gifts from all over the world, crafts him mixtapes, and smiles at him openly and without complication. Cas has given Dean his loyalty and his faith.
It’s...very passive, he realizes. It’s patient, and waiting, and it asks for nothing. It requires nothing from Dean. In fact,
It’s generally not a good sign when you’re startling psychics.
There was the First Blade, and the knife Alistair had gifted him with a sly smile. There was the demon-killing knife, and the angel blades, and the knife Cas had taken from Dean’s pocket to buy himself the time for a final confession, the price for dying free of sin.
“Dean, will you hold on for a moment? I’m going to resurface.” Movement gurgles from the other end, which is good, because Dean has just now realized that when Cas said ‘followed a school of fish,’ he actually meant to the bottom of the fucking ocean. Dean is freaking out about nothing like a baby, and Castiel is taking phone calls from the bottom of the ocean.
Sure enough, by the time Dean is pushing eggs around to get them just right, Jack wanders in from upstairs while the tell tale sound of fluttering wings alerts him to Cas's presence.
Dean rips the headphones off his ears, tossing them into Baby’s passenger seat, but he can still hear
So, here it is. Once, a blue moon ago, when Dean felt Cas slipping through his fingers, when he knew he'd fucked up too much for them to ever be good again, he'd made Cas a mixtape.
“Dammit, Cas. You don’t think I feel the same way?” His hand stings, and maybe that snapping noise wasn’t just in his heart. It might have actually been his hand cracking down on the desk. “You think I was happy with that? You think I enjoyed you saying — you said you loved me, and then you fucking died.” He leans forward into Cas’s space, leveraging himself off the desk and to his full height. “You tell me what the fuck I was supposed to do with that.”
Sam exits. Dean regards the mixtape, his computer, and the silence of his room before he thinks
and wonders, for the first time, if there is a version of his life where he gets this. Can keep this. Wonders, hopes, prays that Cas will wait for him long enough that by the time Dean gets there, Dean will be the kind of person who deserves it.
Dean doesn’t even blink at the name, and he’s very proud of himself for his complete non-reaction. He types “Nemophilia flower meaning” and is immediately rewarded with “success everywhere.”
Dean will give Cas this: at least Dean’s confused enough that he’s stopped panicking.
Cas steps back, but then stops, turning back to Dean with questioning eyes. “You called me ‘honey’ again.”
, remembers standing on a street with his hand on Castiel's shoulder, saying
“You know I love our little talks.”
The interview is useless because it tells them nothing they don’t already know. It’s also amusing because Dean catches sight of the fruit bowl (full of crystal fruit) and has to visibly stop himself from doing something drastic.
“Forever ago, man. What’s it to you?”
How fucked up is it that Dean gets it?
Dean killed him. Dean killed Benny, and Charlie, and every other person who would care enough to listen to him talk about this. Dean killed them. Dean killed them, and then he rode off into the sunset and went to concerts and diners and listened to mixtapes and drove around in the skin of a man instead of a monster.
But that last time — Cas sliding into the Empty, pleased as punch to love Dean out loud for one brief second and then abandon him for eternity — that had shattered him.
. In the safety of his own bedroom, he's able to admit that…well, that's very much a romantic sentiment. Not one easily explained away.
Hell, Eileen has watched Dean order around demons, angels, and gods alike. Eileen’s not so worried about her pride that she’s going to let people keep dying just because Dean wants to be in charge. She’s done it before on jobs, and she’ll do it again.
Not to mention dangerous. Cas’s true form would likely burn Sam’s eyes out of his skull. He reasons he should probably speak before Sam hurts himself.
Eileen stares down at her phone.
Eileen starts trying to explain how different people relate to bisexuality, the broad and varied definitions, and Dean’s hands stall slightly when he asks, “Are there many?” Eileen first thinks he’s asking if there are many definitions of bisexual, but she quickly realises he means, “Are there many bisexuals?”
Later, he’s sitting in the library texting with Max about a lunar ceremony that Max thinks Sam should attend. Sam’s interested. He’s just —
He's stalking his way to the kitchen before he passes a slumped figure in the library and skids to a halt. For one terrifying second, he thinks
Why not unwrite him entirely? Might as well rebuild him from better material. Really, why rebuild him at all?
He sneaks half a glance at Eileen to make sure she hasn’t noticed anything. She’s leaning comfortably against Baby’s door, tracing her hands carefully around Baby’s interior, unconsciously mirroring something Sam has done a hundred times.
Things go a little easier after that. Well, things between Dean and Eileen. The case continues to frustrate. A few hours later, Dean lazes on her bed, throwing out increasingly ridiculous ideas for her to catch and toss back. Clearly, they don’t have enough information to figure it out, but they’re enjoying trading lore and shooting the shit.
“You’re my brother, too. I want you to be happy.”
His point. He thinks, gasping, rewinding the song just in case the next song was something else insane, like Cas's voice on the tape saying, “I cared about the whole world because of you.” His point is that Cas isn't human anymore. Maybe he doesn't even think about sex anymore.
, before his mind catches up to him and reminds him that he and Cas are NOT TOGETHER. And the millions of other reasons he's never going to know what would happen if he were to lean in and slot their lips together.
The world is good. Everything is fine. Dean just needs to sit here and answer the phone. That is his whole job.
He stares down at the tape, in its plastic shell, in his meaty grip.
Can You Feel My Heart interrupts, and Dean finds himself fast-forwarding. He knows what comes next.
“Don’t you worry though. I’ll make it slow.” Isabelle lunges.
Jack counted down, and Castiel was off like a bullet from a gun. Precise, powerful, perfect — Cas took to the skies with a speed he hadn’t needed in years. His focus was absolute, his objective clear. Indra was a half pace behind him, gaining fast, so Cas pulled out every trick he knew: flaring a wing in Indra’s face when he attempted to pass, diving and rolling to gain speed, cutting close on corners until Indra had no choice but to pull back or collide.
Whenever Sam found them a case, Dean dragged on new skin. For a few days, Sam would have a piece of a  brother again, just not all of one. Sam watched Dean like a hawk — he wasn’t dumb. Dean was just waiting to die, hoping the monster of the week would save him the guilt of doing it himself. Dean’s own life stopped factoring into the equation of his decisions.
“Why wouldn’t she have fun?” Dean says, “I’m sure she likes spending time with you?” Dean can’t quite stop the last thing from coming out as a question, but in his defense, he’s flying by the seat of his pants, and he hasn’t had any coffee yet.
“Yeah,” Sam says softly to the table, like it's the only thing he can trust with his secrets. “Yeah, he does.”
Cas looks at the world and sees something totally different than Dean.
Mostly though, there was Dean and his gun. Dean, the gun. Dean learned to shoot before he graduated elementary school. It’s been with him almost every step of the way, his one truly faithful companion. Sometimes he struggles to remember a time when he didn’t have a gun in his hand.
Dean resists the urge to check the thermostat, because he knows what’s causing the prickly heat behind his ears, and it’s sitting on his fucking bed talking about making him happy. Dean’s only saving grace is that Cas seems very interested in his headphones (Does Cas have a walkman? Should Dean get Cas a walkman?) and not looking at Dean.
Wildly, Dean continues with the sign for “man” before she can launch into whichever tirade she was going to pick.
Eileen hopes it isn’t a Djinn. She knows it makes sense, but it’s so goddamn tiring to question if reality is real all the time.
Still, it’s fast and easy, so in a short 10 minutes, Dean is toasting bread, and Jody is telling the girls to set the table. In 3 minutes, his work is devoured by a pack of wolves that spend the rest of the day pretending to be nice little girls.
Sometimes, it’s like Cas forgets it's over. He leans in, or he reaches out, and Dean has to flinch away because that’s not —  they can’t do that anymore. It takes every inch of will to stand tall in any room beside Cas, but Dean’s a card tower. If Cas lays a hand on him, he’ll crumble.
“Goodnight, Jack.” Dean flicks off the light, and makes to head out. Jack sends him off with a parting, “Good night. Love you, too.”
Dean. All of him. Cas knows who he is. Hell, Cas has taken the brunt of most of Dean’s flaws. Cas has paid the most for Dean’s mistakes.
Cas wonders if he somehow learned the wrong lesson, because now, thousands of years later, he rejects it. He will not accept Dean’s pain, at least not as part of him — only as something done to him. Cas doesn’t begrudge Dean his anger, or his grief, or his pain, but he rejects his suffering. Dean isn’t made of suffering. He’s made of love.
This shouldn’t be a surprising thought, but it is. Dean turns it over in his head. Dean could ask Cas out to dinner, and Cas would say yes. Dean could suggest a camping trip with just the two of them, and Cas wouldn’t find that strange. He could invite Cas to stay up after Sam and Jack go to bed, to watch movies and be together, and Cas would say yes.
Watery, but solid.
“I mean, sure, Jack. Who wouldn't?”
This time, it’s Eileen's turn to blink in confusion. They stare at each other awkwardly, Dean confused at Eileen's confusion.
“Sure I do.” Dean responds, because fuck it. “You liked the idea of purple magpies, and you got so distracted by fish that Cas had to come fetch you from the bottom of the ocean.” Dean casts back in his mind, remembers Cas’s lilting sigh and happy anecdotes when they sat up after Jack and Sam retired to bed. They’ve probably traded a hundred stories at this point. Dean can find a few more facts to put Mikey Walsh Angel at ease. “You stress Cas out because you forget you’re not invulnerable, but he’s proud of how much you seem to want to lessen people's suffering. You like apples, but not pears — which is just good taste, by the way — and you and Eliam are still fighting about whether or not she’s technically older — which by the way, since she’s the only reason you’re not late to things, it doesn’t matter who’s
“Witch.” Dean responds as he ducks out.
Dean listens all the way through, then rewinds. Distracted by the quality of the singing, the music, the everything, he keeps missing the lyrics. On the second listen, he picks out
The hunt was good. The hunt went almost perfectly. Eileen was easy to hunt with and fun to be around. The monster is dead and the town is safe. Now it’s done, and Dean is going to the next hunt.
Dean’s still remembering movie night, so he doesn’t think to protect himself, flipping to the other page. He reads “9. You rise.” without any fanfare. The paper is halfway back to his breast pocket before it hits him.
makes him think of the brief moments in all the shitty idiotic plans they’d made when they realized they were actually, somehow, going to win. Plus, Dean imagines Cas, earnest and deadly serious, saying
. Dean can only make out the words because he’s memorized all of them by now.
Eileen bursts out laughing, which catches everyone's attention, and then breakfast becomes a celebratory “Cas is the Fastest Angel Ever” breakfast (named by Jack, cooked by Dean). Sam is quickly bogged down in the logistics of the race, so Cas is explaining how the angels can be on earth and vesseled while not actually existing on the same plane. This is how they achieve invisibility, since true invisibility is apparently impossible. The angels had to be vesseled for the tournament, to equalise for differences in size and shape of true form.
Pulling out ingredients for nachos, he fiddles his headphones into place, and then he takes a breath. He hits play and lets Castiel’s love wash over him as he pulls lunch together. It's quick and easy, and he slides the nachos into the oven before the song ends, though he doesn't turn it on yet. Jack doesn't like cold food that's supposed to be hot.
His hands skate over Cas’s forearm as he pulls away. Cas’s breath catches. Dean’s brain lights on fire.
Dean shouldn’t, but wow, he really wants to do that again.
Dean fumbles into his bag, pulling out the papers with Cas’s delicate handwriting. X Ambassador chants
“Yeah, Zad? Your flighty angel sibling? The one you’re apparently letting walk you into Scylla’s mouth?” Dean replies.
He sits on his bed and listens to the mixtape. By the time the Peacock Dance comes on, he's able to put on pajamas, and he's able to softly sing along to cowboy like me and I'm Beginning to See the Light while brushing his teeth, and when Covered By Roses comes to an end, the only other voice he hears is
And Dean can only assume that's where everything went to shit.
Benny, who’d died. Benny, who Dean had killed.
Cassie laughs. Nudges Dean and says, “Hardly. But let's be honest. You don’t want me to answer that in front of your girls.”
Cas withdraws a bit, reaches into his pocket, and drops the gift into his hand.
“He doesn’t hate you, Jack.” Cas had said. “He loves you. I know he loves you.”
It’s probably because Sam isn’t here. After all, he is looking to get back to normal. Sam’s normally here.
Most people see that she can lip read enough to get by and that’s that. Dean had always been better than average about remembering to be in her line of sight, at using movement or light to get her attention, but she’d never expected that he’d learn sign. Maybe some of the basics, like Tracy had after they’d hunted together a few times.
No. Wait, no. He's not going to do that. There isn't going to be a next time. Cas isn't going to keep making mixtapes for him.
Dean drains his drink, tries to think of a witty rejoinder, but his brain is stuck on, “You saved the world, now live in it,” so when he says, “You deserve it,” it ends up being a shade too honest.
as he puts the milk in the fridge, and he thinks
Regardless, Eileen doesn’t like to dwell on dying. It’s far from a happy memory. She also knows she’ll never forget it. That being said, she’s hardly going to dump that on Dean Winchester at 2 o'clock on a random sunny afternoon as they walk to interview a witness. Instead, she shrugs and says, “It’s not like I could see it.”
All in all, a case well done. Monster(s) dead, people saved. Dean happily scarfs down his victory burger while Eileen picks listlessly at hers. She’s vaguely perturbed. Dean’s burgers are better, and she’s annoyed at him for ruining her enjoyment of a perfectly solid meal. Based on the fullness of Dean’s mouth, he is not having the same problem.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean stares down at the papers, wishing fervently that he could see what Cas ever saw in him. What mirage Dean destroyed.
“I told you that the only thing you would see is Michael killing your brother, and you told me that you would not let him die alone.” That seems right. Still rings true. He’s still not sure if his plan that day was to try and save Sam or just to die with him, but he’d known that no matter what, if he could be there, he would.
In the morning, Eileen resolves to visit shelters and see if anyone knows the missing men. The police have only IDed a few of the bodies, but it’s worth a shot. Dean, hesitantly, asks if she wants company, but she waves him off. He can do his whole FBI schtick on the local police, get a look at the bodies, see if there was anything they didn’t think worth mentioning.
But, of course, Cas realises looking down at his own hands, he
He thinks about the way he’d hit Cas’s hand away. The rushing anger. The terrifying wrongness of having been seen. He recalls the volume of his misery, still overpowered by Cas’s quiet voice. An underserved calmness bears him to shore. Cas’s love settles around him, like sunlight clearing water from tired shoulders.
Killing monsters before they could hurt anyone else. Shoving his body between Sam and Dad, between Sam and danger.
Once he finishes the dishes, Dean wanders listlessly through the empty bunker. With Sam and Eileen on a hunt while Jack and Cas do important Heavenly work (Dean knows this is code for something absurd, but he hasn’t figured out what yet), Dean’s alone in the bunker. He powers through a couple of chores, hoping to waste the few hours until Cas and Jack come back, but is disappointed when it only takes him about 20 minutes to complete his list of to-dos.
He thinks about black ooze devouring him. Thinks about poisoning everything around him. Thinks about Cas smiling at him, so happy to be destroyed by Dean’s selfishness. He doesn’t check for blood or a body, because the Empty hadn’t left anything to mourn. He places a hand over his chest, reassured by the beat of his heart carefully caged inside his body.
“Jesus, Cas. Don’t scare me like that.” Although, Dean is a little grateful for the scare because he doesn’t have to think of a response to ‘you have a wonderful laugh,’ like Dean ever had a chance of saying something cogent in response. Dean turns to look at Cas. As always, Cas is standing a bit too close, but it just makes Dean smile.
Dean grabs a second gallon bag of googly eyes and accepts the one thing he can take away from this song: Cas thinks the light of humanity is love, and Dean should find the courage to actually say it back.
A bit of silence settles over the phone, but it’s comfortable. Cas doesn’t expect him to respond to a statement as big as that, and Dean’s not going to try.
Take All The Time You Need shows that Cas believes there is some far-future version of this relationship capable of bringing Cas joy and peace, and Next to You pummels Dean with how much this version is not that.
Which, like, get it Sammy. She's way out of all of their leagues, but she seems to find Sam tripping over things because she winked at him amusing, so more power to them.
Uh, his metaphorical pants. His actual pants are absolutely staying on. Dean is going to stay fully pantsed. Dean glances at the clock. It's 2:15, there are 2 more songs after this one, and right now Castiel is driving him insane via Janelle Monae. The song ends, and Dean panic pauses the walkman with such force that he's worried he’s damaged the button for a second. He doesn't know how it could get worse, but he's somehow horribly certain that it will. In the silence, he thinks that Castiel actually never rebelled against Heaven and this is actually a horrible long con meant to drive Dean insane enough to say yes to Michael.
, and he tries to figure out if Castiel is saying something here.
There are stars as far as he can see. Here, alone in the middle of nowhere, Dean appreciates the vastness of the sky, the steadiness of the stars. He thinks about how, if Sam was here, he’d be pointing out his favorite constellations. That Cas would tell him the history of each speck of light. That he and Jack could make up their own, connecting the stars in new ways.
Cas gives Dean a look that Dean wishes he could interpret as anything other than ‘Who do you think I learned it from?’ Dean, for a split second, wishes that he was an angel. His feathers are thoroughly ruffled, and it would make significantly more sense as a feeling if he had actual fucking feathers.
He’s fine. He’s creating himself. One step at a time.
Content warnings: discussions of grief following canonical character deaths
with a ten foot pole and an angel blade.
Sam snapped. “Cas didn’t save you so you could throw away your life,” he hurled at Dean. “He’d want you to be happy.” It was a desperate bid to resuscitate the cardboard cutout of a brother that Dean had become. Sam figured he would get angry and snap back, maybe scream, or cry. Something.
He has no idea what it means. He tries to think like Cas. Tries to understand what Cas would be saying with
Dean is grateful for the work, and escapes out of the cabin.
“Dean. I assure you, I have no intention of sacrificing myself ‘willy nilly.’ And as I have no deal with the Empty, I don’t think I’ll be summoning it again any time soon.
“Thank you, Dean.” Cas says, his voice impossibly deep as he drops his hand to his side. Dean, who is staring at the sleeve for his own sanity, finds his gaze trailing alongside. It takes an impossibly long time for his eyes to travel up Cas’s body to find his eyes.
Dean knows he’s a mess, okay? He just can’t let Eileen know he’s a mess. He can’t let anyone know he’s a mess. Well, okay, he can’t let anyone else know he’s a mess. Everyone is so happy with their happy endings, and Dean has ruined enough.
fills the Impala. Dean feels his heart slow down.
You make loving fun. In what universe, Cas? In what fucking universe has Dean made it fun to love him? In what fucking universe has Dean made it
“Evil witches, dude. I hate evil witches.” Sam frowns at him. “What, you think I’ve been secretly plotting Max’s murder or something?”
Cas responds, because Cas always responds to Dean, and Dean realises the answer to the question that had haunted him since Cas first said, “You changed me.” The answer to how he was supposed to respond: this. It was always this. Dean should never do anything but this.
“No. But it is
So, what? Maybe Cas loves Dean. It doesn’t mean anything. It doesn’t mean he’s going to stay. Dean looks at the field of wildflowers, the sun beating down.
Frank Sinatra’s The Way You Look Tonight is cheesy as all hell, but at least Dean gets it. Dean’s not a lot of things, sure — but he is Pretty. Being pretty isn’t normally thrown to him as a compliment, but Dean knows Cas would mean it as one.
one is from him.
The next song plays for a solid minute before Dean realises there aren’t going to be any lyrics. It’s sort of elevator-esque, honestly. It’s not that Dean doesn’t like it.
Patience and Kaia topple Claire and Alex with a surprisingly vicious tackle. Jody smiles, steady and stable. Her eyes slide over to Dean, and they become thoughtful.
instead of
It’s over. Cas left. Cas is leaving. Hell, Jack and Cas are probably back in Heaven by now.
they sing, continuing with a painful clarity that Dean couldn’t block even if he knew what was coming
Eileen tries not to think about dying, since she doesn’t enjoy torturing herself. She tries not to think about Hell either, but that’s easier somehow. Something about how Sam built her new body blurred her memories of Hell, the amount of time too vast and too foreign for her new brain. Maybe it’s good, old-fashioned repression. Whatever it is, it works for her.
Alex gives him a look of deep pity. The kind of look you give an insane man yelling about pigeons.
“You called me here,” Cas responds, clenching his shoulders like he might take to the sky again.
Donna sends Patience a fond smile. Then, in the whirlwind of preparing food, Dean and Alex are allowed to help, and everyone else is
In a desperate bid to move past his own failings, Dean turns Baby on and hits play on the tape deck.
“What?” Sam catches the beer that Dean tosses him. “Dean. That doesn’t even make sense.”
Dean’s an hour into the drive when he realizes he didn’t ever actually text Eileen. It takes two before, leaning over a gas pump, he realises he never said goodbye to Cas. He hovers over Eileen’s name in his phone — surely that should be easier than figuring out what to say to Cas — but now that he’s out on the road, he’s struggling. He doesn’t want Eileen to assume that he doesn’t think she can handle the hunt. Still, he needs this hunt. He can’t go back to the bunker.
He fast forwards to the end of the song. It ends with a long instrumental that swells and crashes, and Dean drags in a ragged breath, officially putting “The First Day of Spring” by Noah and The Whale into the box of things that he doesn't think about.
He remembers Dad trading his life for Dean’s.
But isn’t James trying? Doesn’t he love his daughter? He thinks about Patience saying ‘he doesn’t, at least not in the way that I need.’ James was willing to fight a wraith to keep his daughter safe. Isn’t that love?
Dean doesn’t. Cas is one of the best things that’s ever happened to him. Cas never damaged anything that Dean hadn’t broken first. Apologise. Apologise, Dean.
This has become their new, secret, private greeting. Everytime it happens, Dean swears he can hear the entire mixtape condensed into the brief tap of Cas’s fingers against his cheek.
He only catches
Dropping the lit match, he watches in satisfaction as the corpse and ghost light up.
He listens to the whole song, and then carefully rewinds.
‘Eileen can’t hear it,’ he reminds himself viciously. She doesn’t know what's playing, only that something is playing. Dean forces himself into a casual posture, thumbing the beat on the wheel. He doesn’t sing along, avoiding any chance of Eileen identifying what's playing. She can’t read his lips if he’s not saying anything.
Which is exactly why he can't be held responsible for the way
It’d been quiet for the last few days. Dean had enjoyed the two mixtapes and a quick salt and burn with Sam. Cas and Jack had been excited about the races happening in Heaven, as if that wasn’t a trip and a half to consider, so they’d been flitting in and out of the bunker, same as usual.
Dean settles. This panic is probably for nothing. It's going to be all weird instrumentals and monks. Dean will listen once, and he'll be able to thank Cas, and then the whole thing will be done, and it will be fine. Hell, he'll probably be able to throw it on in the car and the two of them will laugh trying to mimic what's probably a 3 hour whale song.
Sam accepts him.
The atmosphere shifts immediately. “What is it? Everyone okay?” Dean leans forward, ready to spring up and go.
The song is a barrage.
Lisa wasn’t...god fucking dammit, Dean
Dean will make the shot.
Dean is a violent man, and Cas recognizes that. Dean looks back at the paper. Why apologise? Dean’s whole life has been defined by rooting out monsters, by putting them down.
Dean also grabs Cas’s hand in the middle of movie night and holds it. Jack had picked, so it was definitely some Disney movie, but Dean can’t recall a single thing about that night other than the pull of Cas’s knuckles between his fingers.
He’s right, of course. Sam’s got a room full of eyes to prove it.
That’s, I mean, objectively — that's really sweet.
Dean is so tired. Exhausted. He can feel his bones. He just wants this to be done. He closes his eyes, let’s comforting black embrace him. Nestled inside Baby, carefully empty of thought, Dean sleeps.
Dean’s completely fucked.
The problem is that Dean tends to play stupid so well that he sometimes believes his own lie.
It’s a bit like driving with Dean in the Impala, while also being absolutely nothing like driving with Dean in the Impala.
No one ever has to know.
He just needs a little peace. Just a quiet place. He thinks about leaning on the hood of Baby and staring at that beautiful field, sitting with Cas and staring at the stars.
“I will see you when you return.” Cas says, and like that, he’s gone.
“That sounds —” far away from Dean. Wait, no, can’t say that, “— safe.”
Donna’s very serious “better you than me” is somehow more terrifying than hundreds of threats levied at Dean in the past.
, so Dean pulls his focus away from the second page and tucks both papers into his breast pocket as he peels out of the bunker.
Dean puts his beer down. Another thing that Dean had forgotten from the first mixtape is that Cas will transition seamlessly from heartfelt love confessions to shit like this.
“He knows you’re not angry, and he wanted me to tell you he’s sorry.” Dean blinks and it takes him too long to open his eyes back up. Someone is going to have to talk to that kid about not apologizing for things that aren’t his fault. Dean’s breath is noisy when he pushes it out through his nose.
The tail end of the song catches Dean so off guard that he doesn’t even think to stop the tape before the next song can start. The tape softly warbles out
He understood even less when Dean collapsed. It was as though a hundred years of grief were escaping Dean’s body. It was beautiful. Raw. Dean so rarely allowed comfort. To be able to hold him — even not knowing why he was distressed — was a rare honor. Cas had felt the breeze in the field, so he spread his wings over Dean, hoping he wouldn’t feel the chill, hoping he’d know that he was safe.
“You’re saying that God wrote a book about you, and the angels read it and are...what — they’re fans?”
Eileen will just nab a different hunter for support if she needs it. She’s hardly shy, and she’s definitely not stupid, but Dean can tell from the look on Sam’s face that he’s going to be stressed about it all weekend.
He looks at the crowd of screaming, angry fans and thinks about his Dad's explanation of what makes good music good. He watches Claire and Kaia scream along to Lavender Bones and thinks of Cas putting anything he likes and thinks
Before he can think himself out of it, he fumbles on the headphones and listens to the tape wind backwards.
“Okay. Jesus. What is it?” Dean says, putting down the piece he was cleaning.
It’s comfortable and it’s quiet. Dean explains some of the new warding, and then they drink beer and shoot the shit. Eventually, Dean cracks a yawn so big he swears he hears his jaw pop, so he makes his apologies and retreats to his room.
“She’s always acting like she has to look out for me, for everyone. And I get that. I do. It’s just...I want her to take the night off and enjoy a band she likes. In public, at a bar. I want us to get drunk and do something stupid and spend the night in Minneapolis because we want to, and not because there might be a shifter in Rochester.”
The tears don’t stop. He draws hiccuping breaths. He hasn’t cried like this since he was a baby. Not after Mom died. Not even after Cas. Loud and pathetic.
Dean fast forwards and ends up halfway through Sleeping At Last’s cover. A thought briefly bursts through Dean’s growing uneasiness. Why a cover? Why not the original song? Where the fuck is Cas finding all this stuff? Why is Sleeping At Last’s voice so fucking clear and easy to hear?
Dean reaches the table and goes to grab a glass when he’s frozen by everyone looking at him.
Dean is an idiot.
Sam stares at Dean like Dean might have an answer to that.
Dean doesn’t want to carry a torch anymore.
“Thank you, Dean,” she says, serious and heavy. Dean examines the boards at his feet. They sit in silence for a few more moments.
Safely ensconced in the kitchen, Dean starts putting his thoughts in order. It had been easier, Dean thinks, when it just wasn’t allowed. But Dean and Cas are dating. You’re allowed to think your partner is attractive, beautiful. You’re allowed to want to have sex with them.
When he’s able to listen to it without his breath fighting him, he pulls out the papers. He rubs his fingers over their slightly glossy texture, contemplating lighting both on fire and lying to Cas — saying they got lost, caught in some kind of crosshairs.
It's so clearly an us-against-the-world song. It's so obviously about carving their own path, so obviously Team Free Will that it's actually just comfortable. It's not even a love song. It's just a
But here is the thing. Cas said it was music that made him think of Dean. Cas is in love with Dean, and Cas made a tape of music that made him think of Dean.
aren't they?
Dean shrugs, “I listen when you talk sometimes.” It’s not a big deal.
See, because, the next song isn't a fun happy bop. It’s…it's beautiful, and loving, and way, way, too much. It's got the same heavy atmosphere as The Peacock Dance, but the female vocals hammer lyrics into him that are much harder to ignore.
No, he is in Hell. No one is going to save him. No one should save him. He deserves this. He deserves it all.
Dean looks at the walkman, stands up from the bed, and paces a short circuit before sitting back down abruptly.
Eileen does smile, and Dean marvels at how alive it makes her. She narrows shrewd eyes at him, then begins to sign back, though more slowly than she does with Cas. They shoot shit about nothing over breakfast. Dean has to stop multiple times to painstakingly finger spell words he doesn’t know, but it’s an easy conversation. Sam and Eileen called dibs on a salt and burn a couple towns over. Eileen said there was a nice dinner place nearby, and apparently that's what dating another hunter looks like — salt and burn for breakfast, fancy Indian fusion for dinner.
Dean starts fumbling out an explanation — a story about pronouns in different languages, Jack saying he doesn’t feel like he’s any particular gender, but also saying he doesn’t especially care about pronouns. Dean’s face broadcasts earnest confusion, and for the second time, Eileen finds herself charmed. Dean, who clearly hasn’t any fucking clue about what Jack means about not identifying with pronouns, but is still taking the time to painstakingly explain it because he’s worried that Eileen’s definitions of sexualities have espoused some version of love that wouldn’t include Jack. Like he’s afraid this means that Jack won’t be able to find love.
“Honestly, Game Night is more dangerous than some of the hunts we’ve been on recently.” Dean’s not even lying. Uno had almost ended in blood 3 weeks ago, and the last 2 hauntings had just been spirits who needed to talk to someone before passing over.
, if Dean could turn to Cas, apology in his eyes.
Dean can’t really see Sam trusting a stranger with having Eileen's back, especially someone outside of the network they’re slowly building. Now that Dean thinks about it, he doesn’t really either. Eileen doesn’t deserve any old hunter as backup.
He gets it. He understands it. Hell, he identifies with it.
The other is a Vetala pair in Richmond, Virginia of all places. While it's tempting — really tempting — Krissy and her crew are in North Carolina, and Dean knows that they can absolutely handle that job, no question. Again, not something worth going out for, since it'll probably be dealt with before he even gets close.
The dock, unfortunately, doesn’t provide many hours of work. Dean nails in the final boards, and then stains and treats the wood. He can’t do a second coat today anyway, so he finishes after 4 hours. It’s 7:30 PM, and Dean is standing in the encroaching darkness looking for something to do.
“Uh. Yes. He’s a man.” Eileen responds, adding a verbal component because clearly they’re having a breakdown of communication here. Out of kindness, which she’s not sure is deserved in this moment, she doesn’t add that she’s very aware that Sam is a man.
He needs to lift his arm towards the handle. He needs to uncurl his fist. He needs to stop standing in the kitchen like a moron.
He forces his feet to move, casual and comfortable, and he’s placing the walkman in his hand on the desk, and that's why he breaks eye contact. He has to look to see where he’s putting it.
Content warnings: canon-typical violence against monsters, including decapitation and gunshots
“She took the truck into town because
A few minutes later, he sets a steaming mug next to Dean, who is comfortably bustling around the kitchen. The smell of the ready-baked bread wafts up, and Sam parks himself on the counter just to be annoyingly in Dean’s way.
and can’t stop himself from chuckling.
Or, if you’re pressed and need more, there’s sobbing on your lover and then yelling at him.
snaps him back into Baby and onto the road.
Dean almost says, “I didn't” — but he catches himself just in time. Because worse than
And that was perfectly fine, because Dean knew that Cas didn't know what a mixtape meant. It would just be…a gift. And Dean had wanted, so desperately wanted, to give Cas something that wasn't ruined and dark and awful. So, he'd put together the best songs from the best band, and he'd given them to Cas.
Dean cooks up some bacon because why the fuck not, and then he's on a roll and already has a greasy pan, so he makes eggs and sausage, too. They all eat and discuss plans for the day. It's only when they're putting away the plates that Dean realizes they're out of eggs. Cas and Jack have Heaven business, and Sam has an Irish lore question he wants to answer (aka: he wants to Facetime Eileen and is using leprechauns as an excuse to do it. He's not even ashamed about it). When Dean gently teases him, he just shrugs his massive shoulders and says, “Whatever works, am I right?”
“Uh,” he says moronically. “Looking casual there, Cas.” For some reason, Dean flails his hands in an up and down gesture, like Cas might not be aware of what he’s wearing.
Thankfully, Sam hasn’t noticed. He lets out a snort and heaves his shoulders in a way that reveals that, while Sam is acting as though this is funny, he deeply doesn’t think it is. “Convince Dean of his worth? Sure, no problem. I’ll put that on my to-do list right after moving a mountain.”
His breath comes out in one long push. The first track is exactly what he thought. Some instrumental nonsense.
And that's how Dean find himself crying in his bedroom at 9:13 PM to fucking Taylor Swift.
“Cas,” he starts gently, and Cas spares a moment to marvel at this. After everything, the Winchesters are both, at their hearts, gentle people. What a beautiful thing the Winchesters are. “You know you’re family. We love you, too.”
Sam releases a gruff, “Thanks, man.”
echoes in the empty Impala.
Sam bends to grab the shovel. He could go for a snack. The Indian place had been amazing, but it’d also been hours ago.
“You okay, kiddo?”
slaps him in the face.
Cas finishes prying Dean’s hand off the walkman, and Dean hears the gentle clink of it being put back on the desk, but Cas’s hands don’t stop caressing his fist. Peeling back his fingers to find his palm, Cas slides his hand where the walkman had left its indentation. Dean keeps his eyes closed through Cas’s gentle minstrations, keeps his eyes closed as Cas tugs Dean’s left hand between them, keeps his eyes closed as Cas pulls him apart.
Dean frowns. “Yeah dude, I know. I thought you were gonna fix that problem for both of us.”
“Why?” Eileen asks, with a simple curiosity. Dean blinks in confusion at her, trying to figure out the question. Why is Cas teaching Dean sign? Or why is Dean learning sign? He figures it’s obvious, but luckily the answer for both questions is the same.
“My dad called,” Patience admits, staring down at her phone like it might detonate. Dean’s not certain about the circumstances that lead to Patience living with Jody, but it’s not the sort of thing you ask in casual conversation. Dean’s read on James Turner was that he was a nice enough man. He was at least willing to do what was needed to find his daughter. Dean knows Patience and her dad have something rocky though. You don’t abruptly leave to live with someone else if your relationship with your father is thriving.
Now that he knows the game, Dean obviously joins in. Together, they manage to get Eileen a deck of all Wild +4s, and Dean successfully slides 5 or 6 extra cards into Sammy’s hand.
When he walked in on Sam educating Jack at the kitchen table about whatever fun human topic they were discussing, he didn’t think much about it but to smile at Jack and squeeze Cas's arm as he slid past to grab coffee. It wasn't until he heard Cas's deep voice lift up in query that he even thought to pay attention, though in his defense, he was still without coffee.
She makes some inane comment about the car in the driveway, and Dean graciously allows the change of topic. He immediately chips in with a scathing comment about the car’s safety rating, and then they’re off, ripping apart the architecture, the gardening — everything they lay eyes on. Eileen lets Dean make her laugh with his overplayed indignation about the shutters of all things, and by the time they get to the front door, she’s so busy trying to not make fun of the house to the owner’s face that she doesn’t even have time to dwell on dying.
“Ew. No, Dean.” Max is like half Sam’s age. Also, Sam is
She chuckles and shoos him away. Dean takes the win, all but running back to his motel room. His dingy, dark motel room.
There is definitely a hunt here.
The chorus continues to bewilder. He hears
This dingy motel is probably past saving, but it won’t hurt to clean up a little. She organizes her notes on the case, too — makes her thinking abundantly clear, shores up as much evidence as possible. If Dean’s gonna take over her case, she’s gonna at least make sure all her ground work gets put to use. Not that she’s going to let him take over her case, but she’s seen Dean with Sam on a case. There’s never a discussion of who's doing what. Dean says things and expects to be listened to.
He’s not going to say that though. It’s bad enough to know it, he doesn’t need everyone else to know that, too.
Dean is good in bed, is the thing. He knows that doesn’t make up for anything else, but it was always enough for a few months at least. He knows how to give a partner what they want. Knows how to kneel between someone's knees until they forgive everything else.
She slides in, comfortable, and Dean holds his hand out for a high five. They slap palms with a quick laugh, and Dean peels out of the parking lot.
Dean grabs a beer from the fridge as the song changes and settles into wait. Since Cas has never made one single thing easy for Dean, the next song is heavy and atmospheric again, a thrumming baseline at the forefront before Dean catches
She’s not trying to be mean to him. She just keeps getting distracted by the insanity of this conversation. Dean is over forty. Dean has punched God in the face. Dean basically raised Sam, who has a complicated relationship to his body on the best of days. Dean has a non-binary son. Yet, no one explained to him what bisexuality was. No one ever told him that was okay.
Dean punches the divider again. His knuckle splits. The plastic doesn't really do much of anything.
It’d come to a head two months in. Sam, exhausted and worried, couldn’t figure out why the fuck Dean had given up when they were finally free. Sam missed Jack, and he missed Cas, and he wanted to talk about it, but Dean wouldn’t let them. Dean barely spoke outside of work. On hunts, there was always something more pressing.
Dean is so tired. Exhausted. He closes his eyes, head resting back. He just wants to stop.
This song is absolutely…No. No way.
. Dean knows distantly that he should be panicking. That Castiel took this song and dropped it on a tape labeled For You.
But Dean’s fine. He’s not broken. He’s just slow-playing it. Playing a little hard to get. That’s valid.
Eileen’s turning useless circles at the dump site when her phone buzzes. Sam’s heading out for the lunar ceremony, telling her to stay safe and thanking her for letting Dean come along on the hunt. Eileen’s not sure what to do with that thank you. It’s not like she was going to say no, not when Dean had explicitly asked to come along. She ignores that part of the text and tells Sam to have fun (but not too much fun) at the ceremony. Then, she figures some honesty might be good and shoots him an “I miss you.” before she can psych herself out of it.
Frowning, Dean wanders to the garage. He closes the doors behind him, carefully replaying the conversation with Sam. Turns “Ew, gross.” over in his head. Tries to look head on at Sam’s fear that Dean would hate him. Wonders if there is anyone around him he isn’t chopping into pieces.
She sets down the whispers that follow Dean like a bad omen. She doesn’t need anyone else's opinion of him — demons in awe, hunters afraid. She knows the opinions of the people she respects, and it’s not difficult to see what Dean is really about after spending a few minutes in his presence.
Sam said something about not taking unnecessary risks. Dean responded with something glib about already outliving his “Expired By” date.
He can’t stop fucking crying.
Jack, for some fucking reason, loves him.
Dean looks down.
He settles on flipping the stuffed cow’s ears, feeling around its neck, then somberly and sorrowfully saying, “I'm sorry Eileen. It's dead.”
He restarts the song.
Fire doesn’t make Dean think of Hell.
“I’m glad, Dean. I’m really glad.” Dean regards her in silence, surprised at the depth she affords that statement. “The last time I saw you — I dunno. Part of me felt like I was giving a goodbye kiss to a dead man.”
He continues about his week. He does his chores, he answers a few phone calls. He teaches Kaia and Claire a good trick for decapitating creatures that are taller than them, a thing he hasn’t had to do in a long time, but still remembers from when he was 12. The grill out goes off without a hitch, which is to say 100 things go wrong, but they’re all stupid little things, and people are laughing and talking over each other. Jack turns out to enjoy learning to grill, which is wonderful, even though he’s extremely bad at it because he gets distracted by talking to people and forgets to flip the burgers. Dean and Sam do actually end up going on a hunt that week, but it’s literally half a town over.
“You’re very awake,” is the response he settles on.
Jody’s cabin is backed up against a lake. Dean, Sam, and Jody had spent a weekend here after the end of everything, coordinating locations and making sure everyone had made it back from Chuck’s final temper tantrum.
No. He’s kneeling, Sam collapsed into him. Dean’s hands are slick with Sam’s blood, desperately trying to plug a stab wound that won’t stop bleeding. He’s kneeling, and Sam’s fists are beating him with distant eyes. He’s kneeling, and Cas’s fist is breaking his bones.
Dean would thank God that this song isn’t a Death Star on the level of Angels of the Get Through, but God’s an asshole, so he’ll refrain. If he starts crying in front of Eileen, he’s leaving the car and putting a bullet in his brain. He knows he’s barely keeping it together, but there are some things too pathetic to come back from.
She’s not, but Dean’s gonna try and meet her anyway. “Sounds like you think you don’t have a choice. Patience, if you want something else — you know everyone in this bunker will fight for you to have that.”
“Is she also a hunter?” Cassie asks with genuine curiosity, and Dean holds back a groan. That’s her reporting voice, and he knows he’s about to suffer through a hundred questions about his fake marriage. Cassie’s going to catch him in a lie just like she’s done every time he tried to snow her when they were dating.
Cas, who would be disgusted at how little effort Dean is putting into living his life.
Dean returns to watch the carnage unfold, making quick excuses for Patience’s absence. It’s a fun night, but by the time he crawls into bed, he’s still thinking about the impossibility of knowing an entire ocean and the absurdity of asking it not to be water.
Claire says, “Castiel was here?”
His knees are curled to his chest, and he's in his bedroom, and he's in the store room, and Jack said
Sure enough, Castiel hands over what appears to be a jar of feta in brine and a bunch of spinach. “I got these for breakfast.” Dean shrugs and switches over to making omelettes. Who is he to argue with that?
“And no one even cared how much you took. I made a bowl of soft serve ice cream with Fruit Loops and Cocoa Puffs. No one even blinked. Charles high fived me!”
For the shower. He can take his pants off for the shower. Jesus.
Claire is staring at him with a carefully blank expression, so Dean stops fucking talking and tries to figure out where he went horribly wrong.
Dean blinks. Sam’s in the foyer, and is totally fine. Dean is going to grab them all some beers and go join them. He just needs to put back on his skin. He needs to check his hand to make sure there is still skin. He needs to move his hand.
“Want hot chocolate?” he offers. He takes Patience’s weak smile as a yes. The gang is still in a contentious battle for second place, so Dean figures they have a few hours of undisturbed time if they want it.
Dean, with his head tipped back to the sky, thinks he can kind of understand. And even
He doesn’t get why it feels so strange to be doing something he’s done his whole life. His thumb presses play.
The facts: Castiel is in love with him. Castiel seems to believe they’re dating. Sam and Jack…
loving Dean can never end well.
He tosses the googly eyes on the passenger seat. In the silence before Baby rumbles to life, he realises he’s probably being unfair. Cas seems happy enough. He’d never asked Dean to say it back. I mean, they’d had their first kiss like a week ago. Dean’s not being crazy for not dropping the L word like a haphazard grenade. Sure, they’ve known each other for 10 years, and Cas died for him like a hundred times, and they live together, and they’ve fought together, and apparently they’ve been dating for at least a couple of months.
The next song is soothingly angry. Dean would be drumming along his wheel if he didn’t have exhaustion settling in his bones. The lyrics are loud enough to jolt Dean to attention.
Dean doesn’t have words to explain that if he loses Cas again, he’s not going to make it this time — not in this peaceful world that doesn’t need a weapon like him, with this peaceful Sam who doesn’t need Dean either. He doesn’t have words to explain how wrong, how painful, how stupid Cas’s deaths had been.
Dean, who has no idea how to take that — no clue why Cas would write something and apologise for it in the same line — feels his hand reach out to press play as he flips to the other paper.
But all he can do is pull his eyes up from the horror before him, a desperate prayer. His only reply comes from the marionette strings holding Cas in place, wrapped around his neck, twining around his torso. Dean grasps at words, fighting desperately to tell Cas to fight, to
still tug at something ugly and dark in Dean.
His own torturing had been more measured. He’d leave his victims alone for years, knowing they’d beg for his knife when he came back. He’d once peeled the skin off someone's face, and they’d thanked him.
Nope, that’s worse.
Benny, who’d risked his life so that Dean could have Cas. Benny, who had let Dean send him to his death so that Dean could have Sam.
Sam has a conundrum.
Cas thinks back to one of his conversations with Jack, soon after they’d returned to the bunker.  Early on, Cas would catch Jack looking over at Dean, then wincing and averting his gaze. At first, Cas had assumed it was a byproduct of all the hurt that had accumulated between the two of them. After a few days, he’d sought Jack out after the boy had gone to bed. Jack didn’t technically need to sleep, but he seemed to enjoy it, and going too long without still makes him cranky. Nevertheless, this felt important enough to warrant an interruption to Jack’s circadian rhythm.
He knows he won’t be able to sleep any more, so he grabs the walkman and wanders down to the kitchen.
It surprises her how intense the feeling is. How consuming. And Sam’s worth it. She can feel that in her new bones.
Cas seizes his first opportunity to take Sam’s advice and says ‘I love you’ with, “I’ll assist.”
Dean’s mind fills in everything he’s looked up about her, every time he checked to make sure that she was okay. Married 5 years ago, no kids (which he remembers from late night conversations — Cassie never wanted children, and Dean never wanted to bring a kid up in the world he lived in. He’s not surprised that she never changed her mind). She won an award about 2 years ago for a series she did exposing scandals in the private prison system. Her mom passed away 3 years ago, but Cassie is still vibrantly, brilliantly alive.
“Sam,” Cas interrupts. Cas doesn’t have a version of the earnest implorement face, but he hopes he communicates his absolute seriousness regardless. “I love your brother. You do not need to convince me of his worth.” Cas wonders if he should have included the preposition in that declaration — make clear not the strength of his emotion but the quality. No matter. He's certain it's obvious to Sam. Sam must have learned about Cas’s deal in the 6 months when they thought him gone forever.
“What?” Dean says, forgetting to sign along.
He pulls back onto the road and lets the song play again. Its beautiful and loving and everything that loving Dean isn't, but
Dean is struggling to think in complete sentences, but he finally manages to push Cas’s trench coat off his broad shoulders and onto the floor. Cas pulls back to rip off his own tie. Dean’s mouth goes dry.
and tries to make his heart feel anything.
Cas gestures towards the door, and for a second, Dean thinks Cas is apologising for leaving the door open. That absolutely merits an apology, but somehow he doubts that Cas-“what is privacy”-tiel would care. Then, he sees them, shattered into three pieces in the hallway: his headphones. He stares at the pieces so hard he can’t even see them anymore.
She gets in her car after another few minutes of looking for answers that don’t exist in this particular ditch on the side of the road. At least the diner has excellent hamburgers.
As predicted, Dean scoffs, gathering his things. “Whatever. Text your broom-mate before he thinks you’re giving him the cold shoulder, and try not to be such a baby. I’ll be in the garage.”
Dean howls his way out of the room.
“You got plans?” he signs quickly, mouth full of fries.
He wants to be free, and he wants to be alive.
Dean heads to the kitchen to start on lunch, since Cas and Jack said they'd be back around 3. Time apparently moves in 5 directions in Heaven (and again, he really ought to remember to check in about what the fuck those two are doing up there), so there is no chance they'll be late, but he detours to his room to grab his headphones. Sam will be on with Eileen for at least another 30 minutes, and it's not like he has much else to do.
Claire regards him with pinpoint seriousness, says “thanks, old man” and drags Kaia into a messy kiss. She screams “Best Girlfriend Ever” and rewards Dean for keeping an eye on them by spilling half her drink on his lap. Dean, despite only strategically nursing the same beer for the past 2 hours, can’t even muster any jabbing response.
“But, you —” Sam starts. Dean’s look offers the courage to continue. “— you hate witches.”
Dean is going to bend down and fling the walkman into the lake. He’s going to destroy it, drown it, hurl it miles away from him. He’s going to do that, as soon as he can get his fucking chest to fill with air.
Castiel steps forward. They are way too close, but Dean’s not backing down. His weight shifts slightly, and the backs of his calves brush against his bed. His bed. Woahkay — not thinking about his bed right now.
Eileen is still waiting for that to become annoying instead of charming.
Dean is very aware of the gun at his belt, his clenched hands, and the fact that Chuck is still alive. Powerless, but alive.
“Any particular reason?” Dean tacks on when it becomes clear that Cas has no intention of further explanation.
The next song halts Dean’s hands.
“It’s a — do you actually want me to explain the magic, Dean? It’s a ceremony, a bunch of witches will be there.”
and realizes he hasn’t been listening to the music at all. The strings carry the song into silence, and Dean pauses the tape. He carefully rewinds the music, but his hand hovers over the play button. He repeats
Life is good.
Jesus Christ, Dean is a monster.
Dean braces himself, hands on either side of the desk, a comfortable and open posture to hide how much he wants to curl in on himself so that Cas will stop looking at him and seeing someone better. He fixes his gaze downward, but mutters, “No?” so Cas will know he’s listening.
“Max can summon storms now?”
and, unlike his brother, not into men. Dean brushes off the comment. “So, what is it? They need help with a hunt?”
In the kitchen, alone, moments later, Dean returns the sentiment by wrapping his hand around Cas’s bicep in a gentle embrace as he passes by.
“It’s just...a thing,” Patience responds. Dean can respect that.
“What did you think I was going to say?” Dean’s voice is a blade. He doesn’t even know why it comes out angry. There is silence for a split second, so Dean’s mind provides him
Stop fucking crying, Dean. You’re being too loud.
Dean had known such sadness, such grief, such pain. Cas had always admired the strength of his feeling, the totality of Dean’s being. His love was a physical force in the universe. Here, with Dean bundled against him, Cas was reminded of Dean’s youth, how much he had suffered, how little peace he’d ever enjoyed. Dean’s pain sunk hooks in him young, leaving him strung up for the remainder of his days. Dean’s heart bled for every little thing, not just because he loved, but because the world slid scalpels into his chest, cut him open, and gave him only two options: bleed out on everything, or never bleed again.
“Uh no, not exactly. He’s, uhm.” Ha. See, not so fucking easy, is it, Claire? “He’s my bio-dad, but he didn’t come into my life until I was about 16. I’d met him, like, once or twice as a kid, but he didn’t realise I was his, uh...that I was his responsibility, I guess. After my mom died, he, like, suddenly showed up and wanted to ‘do right by me’ or whatever. It was…” Claire looks upset.
He turns on the coffee maker, puts the headphone back on.
So, Cas’s fingers curl a bit possessively around the headphones on Dean’s neck, and he steps back with a bit of a smile.
” It’s not so much a question that punches out of Dean as it is a breath of wild disbelief. Dean doesn’t do Cas the disservice of pretending not to understand what Cas means by that — not when Dean still drives around the city if he can avoid it. “What about Detroit made you think white picket fence and 2.5 kids?”
Eileen is great. She’s funny and quick-witted. She’s not afraid to call Sam on his bullshit (and there is a lot of bullshit). She’s independent and smart and honestly a badass, but she likes to hang out with Sam, and Sam is running with it. They talk about stupid questions, like what fictional character would be the worst roommate, and important questions, like what makes a body yours. She’s patient with him, like it doesn’t matter to her that Sam sometimes can’t make himself touch her, or sleep next to her. That he sometimes can’t keep himself sewn together. She’d stood by him in those six months after Chuck, when Sam shared a bunker with the ghost of his brother and had no idea how to bring him back to life. She never judged him for wanting to escape that with her sometimes.
“That day, I learned what family really meant, and it wasn’t a white fence and chimera children. It was the way that you loved your brother. You were willing to take action to lessen his pain, even with no certainty that those actions would reach him or mean anything. Your love for Sam, and his love for you, has saved the world more times than either of you will ever truly comprehend.”
He can’t.
Then, Eileen finds herself explaining the meanings of non-binary and transgender, their relationship to bisexual, pansexual, and queer. At least, she tries — it’s not like she has a masters in gender studies or anything. She’s just bisexual, and unlike Dean, aware that such a thing exists, apparently. The dude watches porn. You’d think he’d have picked up a more nuanced understanding of sexuality than “Gay or Not Gay”.
They’d talked a little about the idea. Max and Sam. It’s not like an induction or anything. Apparently, unattached practitioners come all the time. Non-witches, too. Alicia goes every year. It’s basically a weekend retreat for people who either do magic or are cool with it. A chance to unwind, to be yourself, unafraid someone’s gonna panic about rabbit bones or lamb's blood.
There is no love in Dean’s violence. Just destruction. Finality.
God, she’s acting like a 12 year old having friends over for her first sleepover. She wasn’t this nervous the first time she had Sam over to her apartment. She never has anyone over at her apartment. How is this somehow worse?
Oh god, does Cas know what happens to Dean when he leaves? Is he leaving anyway?
Dean pops on Castiel’s second tape once he’s on the open highway and lets it start singing about Bees. Alone in his car, driving back towards the bunker, he tries to hold onto the softness and the happiness of seeing Cassie alive, vibrant, and healthy, but he feels it leeching away, leaving just him and his tired bones.
“I —” This time Dean cuts Cas off, and it’s not on purpose, but after that closeness, it feels wrong to not be touching him. Dean lets his left hand float forward and squeeze Cas’s arm the way it always wants to.
Sam hasn’t — he frowns — Sam hasn’t been to a party that wasn’t a wake or a job since college.
The last three verses are the clearest. Well, clearest in that Dean’s able to pick up the lyrics, at least, but he has no idea what they mean.
He takes it back. They’re absolutely not allowed to hang out. Ever.
He can't undo those things. Hell, he wouldn't even know where to begin. But, he can do something John never did.
Dean stands there, suspended. He’s not one hundred percent sure when he stood up. He definitely doesn’t know when Cas got to his door.
Okay, he’s overthinking it. Dean’s fine.
“No, Donna. What the
Dean can’t think of a single thing Cas is getting out of this. Before, maybe, with a different Dean, or a different Cas. But, this Cas was happy, had a purpose, had power. He didn’t need Dean to teach him anything because he’d already learned it the hard way. Dean, who thought he’d reached the bottom before he first met Cas, knows he found a way to sink further.
Mostly the thing Eileen and Dean have in common is Sam. And, Eileen supposes, hunting.
and Dean manages to shrug off the continuing hail until
He didn't even vanish in black goo this time.
It’s there, but it feels cold like it never has before.
“We were hardly at the bottom.” There is a strange pause. “Zad?”
, he thinks, and buys the vinyl record too.
Dean’s hand reaches out, searching for purchase and landing on Baby’s hood. He’s still in the garage. He hasn’t moved. He hasn’t run. He’s in the bunker. He’s in the bunker.
Dean searches for the right flower to respond with, but he’s frustrated to find that there either isn’t a flower meaning “congratulations,” or else he’s not searching for it correctly.
The rest of the day is normal. The gang decides that library cataloguing will follow lunch, with free time after that. Dean, who almost forgets, grabs Mamma Mia off the counter and hands it to Cas with a muttered, “I thought you might like this since uh, ABBA.” Cas declares a movie night the way most people declare a battle plan and, well, that's the rest of the day sorted.
Dean pulls Baby onto the open road and lets out a breath. Her steering wheel is a comfort under his hands.
“I’m sorry.”
When he finally settles, he can still feel the pressure of Cas’s lips beneath his own, the softness of Cas’s hair in his hands, the warmth of Cas’s chest pushed up against him.
Dean stares at Cas, forgetting not to make eye contact. Cas responds, because he always responds to Dean.
The imprint of a crying girl in his arms is hard to ignore. She carries her sadness so softly, wrapping it around her throat so it doesn’t spill into her new family.
Dean returns to himself in parts. First, his breath — loud and ragged in his ears before it settles. Then, his skin — the scratch of his cheek against Cas’s crumpled trenchcoat, the warmth of Cas’s embrace. Enough parts slot into place to identify the absurdity of trapping Cas underneath him to sob like a child. He thinks that it’s warm, safe, nice.
Cassie says, “You got married? That’s wonderful!” She sounds genuinely happy for him, so Dean shoots Powerpuff Hunter Barbie a glare and commits to it.
The song is a plea for someone to live. The song is Sam and Cas begging Dean to give them more time before he throws himself into the ocean. Cas killing Billie instead of letting the brothers make good on a dumb deal. Sam and Cas and Bobby pleading with Dean not to say yes to Michael, to give them more time to devise a new solution. Cas reaching into the bowels of Hell to save Dean.
Dean lets himself relax a little. Cas does know him. He doesn’t see Dean with weird rose-coloured glasses. He does know Dean.
He realises that having your ex look you up every few years, especially after big events, is probably something similar to stalking. Still, he’d loved Cassie. He wanted her to be happy. With the way his life is, he can’t not check that she’s okay. Sometimes, when he was feeling particularly dark, the fact that she was out there alive and happy, that Lisa and Ben were out there alive and happy, reminded him that there were things in this life worth fighting for. People who get to enjoy the world that they were fighting for.
The rest of the hunt is Sam and Dean in the car arguing whether or not Eileen would like the objectively very pretty but also recently extremely cursed item of jewelry. Dean’s stance is that the ex-curse is a bonus. Sam’s stance is that Dean doesn’t really understand women.
It was like that for a week or so. Sam and Dean still had work, things to check in on, people to inform. Sam grieved Cas, and Jack, and everything. Dean stood beside him through it, hollowed out, untouchable.
Dean tries to beat back the feeling that he just managed to steal a cookie from the cookie jar without getting caught. He’s allowed. It’s okay.
“Jack. You're okay.” He sucks in a breath to clear the pebbles in his throat. “You're safe, and I'm not going anywhere unless you want me to. You're home and you're safe and you're good.” Yeah, okay, Dean knows he's babbling, but you try holding a lap full of crying cosmic entity and think of something smart to say.
A high pitched sound interrupts Dean’s thinking, but it takes him a few seconds to place it.
encourages him to leave, to put his own journey first.
Cas keeps his eyes on Dean as he evidently transmits the message. If anyone at the other end finds Dean’s threats laughable, Cas doesn’t tell him.
The sound of the tape rewinding jolts Dean out of his thinking. Reminds him of the start of this problem: Cas and his mixtapes and his attention and his love.
“Woah, hey now. Not all mixtapes are romantic. Sometimes, you want to make your friend a playlist for a road trip or something.” See, and the problem was, he then had 3 sets of wide eyes staring at him, and he absolutely should not have opened his mouth. “It’s, uh…it's just a way of letting someone know you're thinking of them.”
“I’m sure.” Dean thinks about sliding over to his desk, but Cas is very close, and he’s smiling, and Dean’s feet can’t really do that. It’s sort of absurdly hilarious. Cas, the rebel angel, and Dean. Dean could kiss him. He could do that.
Archly, Cas replies, “Oh, how foolish of me. To suggest that you would say something other than what you mean.” He takes a deadly step forward, and Dean feels his own stance lock in response. “You
“Stand Atlantic.”
Cassie doesn’t bring up any of that, complaining instead about being jet lagged after flying in from DC for an article. Dean angles his body so that he can better drink Cassie in. Across the table, Claire narrows her eyes. The hangover is clearly hitting Claire harder than she expected.
Dean is fine. He’s listening to Cas’s mixtape, hunched over alone in his room, and he’s just perfectly fine.
“Sammy. I’m not seeing the issue here.”
Sam's a better person than Dean. Cas, too. Either one of them would know what to do here. But Jack doesn't have anyone else here. He just has Dean. So, Dean says what he wishes someone had said to him and hopes that it's okay.
15. Freedom (Feat. Kendrick Lamar) By Beyoncé.
Claire, who can apparently be spectacularly rude, leans forward and shoots an extremely pointed, “Excuse me, who are you?”
Without it, there’s barely enough English to pull apart. On his relisten, Dean gets “I’m foxy” in one verse and “test me” in another.
Now it haunts him. What else had Sam missed? How many times had Dean put himself in the line of fire to protect Sam? How many things had Sam blamed Dean for that weren’t his fault at all?
In the hunting community, the Winchesters have a reputation for being master tacticians. Dean in particular has the reputation of making the tough calls and getting crews out alive, while still getting the job done.
Next time he's in need of a weapon to defeat an unspeakable evil, Dean's got to remember to check the local Target.
“Jesus, Jodes. Don’t sneak up on me like that,” Dean says. It’s shaky, but he thinks maybe not so shaky that Jody would notice. Sam — Sam would have known. Fuck. Dean needs to check in on Sam.
That’s the worst thing, actually. Cas is in love with him, and that, obviously, hasn’t changed. Cas will walk out of a room, or Dean will storm off, and in seconds, Dean feels Cas’s love settle on his shoulders. Between breaths, he freezes, immobile beneath blanketing love. It’s just a fact now. Cas is in love with him. Even breaking up hasn’t changed that.
Before the lyrics even start, he's laughing. He knows this one! “Love Starvation” by Nick Lowe. He remembers when Sam threw the album on and they'd taught Jack how to sock slide, because that's a very important hunter skill, thank you very much. He remembers explaining to Jack the meaning as he'd carefully asked, “Can you…starve from lack of love?” Dean had to explain that the person wasn't literally starving. He wasn't in any danger. “Sometimes you just want to touch someone so badly that every time you're not it feels like starving. It's a love song.” Jack had screwed up his face and said, “I'm not sure I understand this kind of love.” Sam had laughed and said, “You're only 3. You're really not supposed to.”
Not Eileen, obviously. But — Cas. Cas, who said that Dean and he shared “a more profound bond.” Cas, who sat at their library table and talked casually about moving mountains if that would help Dean be happy. Cas, who saved Dean at the outset of their story, then again at its end, like two bookends of a love so huge it altered the very nature of the narrative.
Random strangers don’t know that.
Lisa’s mouth taunts, “She wishes she never met you.”
Dean loops the song again. Even the stuttering dialogue at the beginning.
Dean rewinds the tape. Dean keeps rewinding the tape. In the blink of an eye, it's 10:04 PM and Dean knows every word to Cowboy Like Me. It's seared into his ribcage, scrawled right underneath the Enochian sigils Cas had burned himself.
Dean slams his fist in again. His fist leaves a little splatter of blood behind.
Dean’s hands tighten on the steering reel. He feels an uneasy tremble slide under his sternum.
Dean and Eileen stumble back to their motel rooms a few hours later. He high fives her sloppily as they part. Somewhere between punchdrunk, actually drunk, and tired, they laugh as they attempt improved hand-eye coordination a second and a third time. Eileen had gone on a mini-rant at the diner about Dean ruining food for her, so he’s feeling light.
Dean rewinds the song, pauses the song, then decides he’s an idiot and hits play again.
You can take the kid out of Law School, but apparently you can’t take Objection, Relevance? out of the kid.
Cas’s hand settles at his side as he stares Dean down, like he could will himself to see through to the horizon beyond. Dean, stupid broken Dean, tries again to take it back. Tries again to be better.
Well.
Dean flips to the other paper, convincing himself that it’s allowed. Cas’s angular script reads “14. Resilience.” Dean feels the weight harden into iron within his chest. The anchor of his heart finds purchase and pulls down.
, who clawed some sort of real happiness out of all of this and doesn’t need to listen to Dean whine about a relationship that he may or may not be in.
“Yeah?” Dean says, and it’s less a statement and more a question.
He wakes up from his nap to Claire banging on his door and endures her jabs about him being an old man as they pack away the last of the cabin. He throws the last of the tools in Baby’s trunk. He sort of is an old man, is the thing, so it’s tough to argue.
The song ends, and the next plays for 5 or 10 seconds before Dean is able to rouse himself enough to pause it. Dean looks down at the paper. Reads “3. I am a credible source.”
“It’s a bit chilly out there,” his mouth supplies. He commits and continues, “I know you’re a big witch now, but you sure you’re ready for such a
“Just say it,” Dean sputters. His right hand tightens imperceptibly around the walkman where his arm is laying, deceptively casual, on his desk. His legs sprawled out, his left arm thrown over the chair — he’s comfortable. He’s casual. He’s got his chest facing Sam to make it easier for him to take the shot.
About 12 feet in front of her lies the crumpled heap of Isabelle’s corpse. Farther back, Dean jogs towards her.
Sam examines the situation. Dean definitely loves Cas, but the question remains: will he actually let himself?
Cas makes a humming noise after a brief interlude of noise. Zadkiel is too far away to be picked up on the phone, but he’s clearly saying something. After some more chatter, Dean hears what may be Castiel’s quiet laughter.
Dean rewinds the tape again, paying careful attention. He deeply considers looking up an English translation of the lyrics, but it doesn’t sit right.
He just needs to move his hand. He needs to move his hand. He needs to move his
That’s, I mean, that’s gotta be about Cas being human, right? The strangeness, the isolation? C’mon, ‘grieving the loss of myself’ — what else could that be?
. He fishes out the paper to make sure he didn’t miss some explanation beyond what his brain is giving him.
He can’t make himself hit play.
Dean’s not going to admit to googling TV shows for kids because he expected this line of ribbing from Claire, so he settles instead for putting his hands on Claire’s shoulders and mustering as much seriousness as he can spare to say, “Claire, I want to be supportive of your interests.”
He remembers everything, except the very very end. He doesn’t remember Castiel rescuing him. He doesn’t know how he’d ended up with Cas’s hand branded on his skin. He remembers drowning in the suffering of others, and then waking up in his grave.
Her phone flashes with another message from Sam. “If you don’t like those, we can make you different pairs! We have enough oil to make a bunch in different styles, if you want. You could wear them every day.”
The song is sweet — a cute sentiment. Except for how Dean knows it's not sentiment. Castiel is being 100 percent literal. Dean is gonna die someday, and Cas is just going to follow him wherever he goes.
“You're using me as a meter stick for humanity?” Dean realises his voice has gotten a little high and works to correct it. That seems like a really quick way to get apocalypse two (four?) back on the menu.
But then, punching Sam himself. Pummelling Cas. Unleashing on them both. Jack, who he threatened to kill and nearly did. Kaia, too. Kids he scarred. Hundreds of children he didn’t save. People he put at risk. People who died for them. Ellen and Jo. Benny. Crowley. Charlie.
Maybe, just maybe, if Dean is really good — if he gives Cas what he wants, satiates and tires him out — Cas would stay long enough for Dean to fall asleep.
Cas is different from him. Insanely different from him. Incomprehensibly different from him. Sometimes, it’s like they come to the same conclusions from totally different sets of data. Other times, they have the same data and come to totally different conclusions.
Sam’s never pushed Dean on this before, because Dean seemed content with what they had. Sam, too, had been afraid of ruining one of the few good things they still had.
Cas opens his mouth like he wants to say something, but then he closes it, and Dean thinks
Dean tosses the half cleaned intake manifold onto the work table and leans against it. Sam loves him. Cas loves him.
When the song ends, Dean rewinds the tape and busies himself with ham and cheese sliders, just in case the nachos and rice aren’t enough. Better to be safe than to leave anyone unfed.
I mean.
Eileen wakes the next morning to sunlight streaming through her window. It makes her regret the existence of the sun, the morning, and life itself.
gun coming near my face?” Okay, that does make it sound kind of funny. In Dean’s defense, he’d been plenty panicked when Sam was being tortured by God. Still, Dean does have a reputation to uphold.
“Don’t leave me.” Dean still had a reason to live, and it was right in front of him. Sam didn’t want to do this without him.
The situation is not that he needs to burn these bones before Eileen’s distraction stops working.
There’s something a little hilarious about the fact that they all still train Jack to be a hunter, even though he will under no circumstances be allowed to hunt. Old dogs, Dean reasons.
and got distracted.” Dean hears a muffled sound in the distance that is either a man saying ‘Don’t TELL him that,’ or someone saying ‘Don’t sell him that.’
He can’t fucking breathe.
“We had lost,” Cas continues firmly. “The plan had completely failed. And I told you that Sam was going to die. Do you remember what you said?”
So fun. So truly fun.
Sam and Eileen talk about nothing until they slide into the car, when Eileen has to look at the road. She flicks on the radio for Sam though, like she somehow knows there’s too much in his brain for silence right now.
Dean's brain sputters out.
Five seconds ago, they were talking. Dean could swear it was important. It must have been for Cas to come to his room so late at night.
Cas had sat with Dean a few nights ago, before the final race. They were ostensibly watching an episode of some cowboy show, but were more accurately talking about nothing and everything while the TV glowed softly in the background. Dean found the angelic shenanigans beyond hilarious. They had started arguing 5 minutes into the cowboy program about whether or not Annie Oakley was a better shot than Dean (Dean insisted yes, because she was a badass, but Cas couldn’t see how that was possible given Dean’s accuracy and speed). This had spiraled into a discussion regarding potatoes, of all things. Somewhere along the way, Cas had recounted Michael’s loss in the tournament, and Dean had laughed so hard he slid out of his chair.
Cas moves to stand before him, scowling lightly and saying, “I’m not going to heal you if you hurt yourself with your ridiculous games,” which is when Dean realises the problem.
He fiddles the headphones of his walkman onto his ears, and lets Gang of Youths distract him. He starts pulling out ingredients for nachos.
Last one. The last thing Cas will give him.
Dean goes to click on another tab. Cas's hand settles on Dean's — curling, protective. Cas is a hot presence lighting up Dean's entire back and right arm. Dean could lean back half a centimeter and they would be flush.
Instead Dean says, “I know you want to yell at me about going off on the kid. Just get it off your chest now — I got shit to do.” Dean stills himself into a perfectly casual stance. It’s not like anything Sam says is going to surprise him.
Glasses that let you see magic? That’s pretty cool.
“Oh god. Dean,” she says. “What happened? What did the angels tell you?”
Maybe she should talk to Cas about that — what it is like to be in love with someone, and know you’ll never be their first priority?
Her phone vibrates with another text, but it’s not Sam (or, she supposes, Max with Sam’s phone). It’s just Dean texting that he’s ready to go, and does she want to take her own car or come with him?
Castiel breaks routine after depositing his haul and doesn't immediately wander to the table. Instead, his hands flutter from where he handed Dean the cheese to land on the walkman clipped to Dean's waist.
, which is how Dean knows he's back to normal.
They mostly organize the library in silence, so Dean slides his headphones on as he works in the stacks. He doesn't listen to the last two songs because he's not sure he can handle any more surprises while Cas is walking in and out of the room. All in all, it's an uneventful afternoon.
Thankfully, Sam has his weird magic orgy retreat and Jack has book club, so Dean will be free of their eyes this weekend.
“Uh, Castiel. His name is Castiel. Cas. He’s Cas.” Cassie snorts. Dean shoots her a quizzical look.
Dean turns the paper over on the table as the song starts to do something vaguely interesting with what Dean is pretty sure is a marimba.
This time, he’s blinking blearily awake, pushing off his bed to stretch his arms and almost faceplanting back down. There's a mixtape sitting on his bedside table. Specifically, there’s a mixtape that wasn’t there last night.
There’s something so tragic there that Eileen doesn’t look at it head on. Instead, she launches into an abridged explanation of different sexualities, teaching Dean the sign for each as her fries go cold.
They’ve been eating in silence for a bit, Dean turning something over in his head, Eileen turning Dean over in hers. A different waitress fills up their coffee cups.
Dean pulls on dark jeans, a black shirt, and a blue plaid flannel. It’s not until he’s sliding his gun into his belt that he realises this insanity is even affecting how he dresses.
Please. Baby would never let him down.
Also, Eileen’s not exactly sure how one trains a pack of wild dogs to eat remains for you. It probably wasn't an easy task. She lets her mind skate off that thought process, instead poking Dean in the side to ask how he thinks the monster duo is funding the operation.
Dean replays his own reaction, then Cas’s retreat. The howl of
Dean grabs the papers out of his pocket as the singer croons
Sam feels that twist in his gut, but not in a bad way. The love in that sentence is physical, attached so clearly to the soundwaves that it rattles between Sam’s ears. Sam feels the last thread of tension unspool and says with a level of sincerity that he knows Dean will find uncomfortable, “That means a lot to me.”
Eventually, Eileen finds her eyes flagging and she lets out an unintended yawn. They agree to call it a night, and there’s only a split second of weirdness at the door. Eileen’s not sure if they’re hugging goodbye kinda friends, which ultimately results in a very weird high five, Dean making a hilarious grimace before mumbling something she can’t catch and hightailing it out of there.
“It...did.” He offers because he’s useless, and that's all he has to offer. The comfortable silence between them takes on a sour aftertaste, air stale on words Dean isn’t saying and that Cas deserves to hear.
Stay tuned this month for: found family group texts, communicating via flowers, more mixtape tracks, Dean getting stoned, and these morons FINALLY talking their shit out.
He keeps his eyes closed and pretends he’s driving, that Cas is still here, sitting shotgun, staring at stars. What would happen if Dean could turn to him and whisper, “No one has ever held me while I cried before,” if he could breathe, “Thank you for letting me be not alone for five seconds.” His mouth can’t form the words, but in his imagination, Dean turns to Cas and says, “I’m sorry I got angry. Sometimes I’m not sure I know how to feel anything but anger.” He drives them both somewhere beautiful. He says, “I love you,” and it doesn’t feel ripped out or stolen. It’s just another fact. Dean’s always been good about saying the facts. Dean smiles at Cas, and Cas smiles back, draping massive wings behind Baby. Maybe he could fly faster, but he wants to be in the car with Dean. Everyone is safe, and happy, and Dean is whole. Somewhere in the distance, their destination is a home. Maybe a beach. Maybe nothing but open road.
Dean slams his bedroom door behind him like it has any chance of stopping any of the members of this house from barging in if they want to. He intends to stalk over to his desk where his own laptop sits, collecting dust and possibly not even charged. He's stopped halfway across the room by a glint of metal atop his bed sheets.
“How about a name? I usually find that's a good place to start.”
He remembers Sam’s surprise when he figured out he’d tried to tell Cassie about the life, but she was too smart to buy his constant stories about work out of town or accidents that explained away the bruising.
Dean goes to poke him awake before he ends up with crippling back pain. Jack mutters something sleepily that may honestly be “but sir, the ice cream needs foxes.” Dean huffs a laugh. He remembers carrying an exhausted Sam to bed when the kid was 8 or 9, tucking him in at the motel or into the backseat of Baby.
But you don’t have to examine every cup of water to say you love the sea.
Alistair had found it hysterical, that few souls became Demons at his hands. Dean hadn’t cared much either way at the time.
“You’re good,” is all he manages, but the engine catches and turns over, so at least he can try to drive. “What you’ve done here, I mean. And for us, and —” Dean spins the beer in his hand like a wheel, feels how the paper moves across the condensation. “I’m grateful,” he parks.
In the distance, Donna and Jody’s wayward girls bask in the freedom Dean bought them with blood.
Jack is very invested in love languages. Also, personality tests. It'd taken considerable will power to stop him from getting invested in astrology. Dean's waiting for Jack to jump full hog into crystals and tarot even though he's literally (maybe?) God and could probably tell the future by just remembering that he can do that.
Dean knows how to be a gentleman, so he slides over and invites Cassie to sit. He almost asks if her husband is with her, and then realises it would be creepy to reveal that he knows that she got married, so he just asks her how she’s been.
Dean’s feelings were torrential. The tiny volume that had flooded the prayer had been overwhelming. Even with him safely in Cas’s arms, Cas couldn’t shake the feeling that Dean was dying somehow. Coming apart.
He looks to Jody and Donna for support, but Jody just holds her hands up in the universal signal of ‘I wash my hands of this bullshit.’ Donna is looking at him like he knows where the closest vampire nest is and she wants to know, too.
Eileen is used to hunters like Dean who think they’re the best at what they do. She’s worked with several. Dean’s arrogance might be justified, but it’s probably still arrogance.
“Cas. How?” And that was the million dollar question. How? How are you alive? How are you here? How could you do that? How could you say you love me and leave? How could you love me at all?
We love you all and offer gentle forehead kisses to all who need them.
Dean knows he should be grateful that it didn’t go further, that he didn’t have it for longer. It’s lucky that Cas was able to realise what Sam always knew — that loving Dean isn’t a good enough reason to stick around — before Dean got too used to him being there.
Dean drags the coffee mug to his mouth, ignoring the fact that there’s hardly any coffee in it, and flips his walkman over in his other hand.
His phone buzzes as he starts to cut up some cilantro. He pulls out his phone and reads the quick message from Jody, which is just “Ohmygod, EvilSexy is back? I thought he was Dead!” Jody is the only person they know with good taste, but she’s a busy woman and is therefore 3 episodes behind Dean in the newest season of Dr. Sexy.
Dean’s a very good looking man. He wouldn’t get away with half the shit he does if he wasn’t.
By the time
It’s an accurate metaphor, but it doesn’t help Cas discern Sam’s meaning at all.
Dean opens his eyes and tries really hard to figure out why a fact that he already knows makes him feel like someone took an ice cream scooper to his chest and carved out every dark thing in him until there was nothing left. He doesn't come up with an answer.
because he thinks he sees a blackening on the eggs, but it’s nothing that a quick spatula flip can’t save.
It's a complete tonal shift, so Dean leaves the walkman paused as he clips it to his belt and walks around the kitchen in silence to start washing the dishes that Sam left last night. He waits till the rattling silence turns into Cas saying,
He remembers carving out parts of himself. Dad staying away even when Dean begged for him to come back. Sam, desperately searching, Dean’s heart struggling to keep sinus rhythm, and Dad —
when he turns her off. Eileen shoots quizzical eyebrows across Baby’s front bench. He frantically signs out that he has to use the bathroom, giving her a ‘what can ya do’ shrug.
They walk into the fence gate and Dean tenses, minutely shifting himself in front of Eileen with a movement that sets off every alarm bell in Eileen’s body. Her hand settles on her gun, and she pivots to face the threat.
The song starts with
It’d been a week and a half of research, chock full of magical talk that Dean didn’t even pretend to understand. Alicia spent a lot of time staring, horrified, at her own hands, then staring, horrified, at her brother. She and Dean had a quiet conversation about love, and sacrifice, and Dean had lied through his teeth to give her hope and faith, and he’d explained the one thing he could absolutely understand, which was that Max loved her.
Dean has watched Cas face off against Gods, Demons, Leviathans, and the like without a stumble or a stutter. Here, looking at Dean, Cas is flustered.
She holds out her hand. Dean high-fives her without hesitation.
This pulls a small frown from Jody. “Well, text next time,” she scolds. “I was worried.”
Content Warnings: vague reference to sexual violence, reference to Dean's time in Hell
Content warnings at the end.
“Look. The mixtapes are great. I mean, they’re kinda weird as hell, and I have no idea what you’re saying half the time, and man, you really have to let me teach you how to equalise volume before you make me another — uh, not that you should make me another. I just—” Dean could swear he had a point when he opened his stupid mouth. “They’re nice.”
Jody and Dean finish their beers. She tosses him another. The silence stretches long and comfortable.
“Look, it’s not meant to throw you into a tailspin, kiddo. You’re Cas’s family, and you’re not actively trying to hurt me. I like you fine.” Zadkiel mouths the word kiddo to himself, and Dean curses his complete and total inability to control his mouth.
Cas keeps doing all these things, keeps looking at Dean, keeps forgiving Dean and loving Dean and asking for nothing, while Dean stands there and can’t get simple words out of his sawdust mouth. Cas keeps giving, and Dean just takes and takes, and Dean knows in his bones the same way he knows how to aim a gun that he’s going to ruin Cas somehow.
“Dean.” Cas growls. It rips something from Dean’s chest until he’s shoving Cas backwards. Cas moves where Dean pushes him. That alone has Dean’s hands stuttering like he’s a teenager again, unsure of how to touch someone. Instead of thrusting Cas onto the bed like he originally intended, they make it halfway there before Dean stops pushing. Dean’s so thrilled about Cas going where Dean leads that he can’t seem to want Cas anywhere else. Standing entirely too close in the middle of the room, Dean wastes no time divesting Cas of his stupid jacket and his collared shirt. His hands are skating down Cas’s sides as he kisses the plane of Cas’s naked stomach because, really, that’s the only rational response.
