Dean shot him a look over the back of the seats, and Benny focussed his eyes back on the road. He felt an immediate pang of guilt. Benny didn't know that he wasn't just pining over some woman with a fake name and even faker tits. He couldn't.
Chuck continued, "So when I looked into Dean's heart to see what he desired, it was pretty simple. You wanted Sam to have a family, and he does. Sam, Eileen, and little Rowan live in the house next door. By the way, congrats on being an Uncle. You wanted Jack to get to experience life. He's off at college. He's studying world religions and philosophy. Personally, I don't think it makes for great career prospects but, hey, better than being a writer."
"We need to keep this quiet." Dean heard his mother say distantly. "And we'll need to move up the wedding. I can pull something together in two weeks. Jess, call your parents and see what the earliest they can fly out is. Money won't be an issue." Dean whipped around in his seat, rage burning in his chest.
"Not many, though Uriel waits at the bottom of the pit for you. He claims to have found entrance to the chamber where what we seek is being held." She turned away from him and set her feet apart on the sizzling rock as a score more demons emerged from the fires above and started towards them. "You should go, Castiel. Uriel will be waiting." Without another word, Nithael lept into the air and engaged the demons above. With bow and sword flashing in the light of the hell fire,  she truly was a glorious spectacle to behold, a fierce warrior on the path of righteousness, and Castiel looked upon her fondly for a moment before continuing downwards.
Castiel approached Uriel, raising his hands in peace and sheathing his blade.
Benny's eyes snapped up. "John? What happened?"
His eyes snapped open. In front of him stood Chuck. Dean wanted to feel angry. He wanted to feel hatred towards the man, the God, who had been torturing and toying with him and his brother and everyone they've ever loved through their entire lives...but he couldn't.
"Hey man, I didn't mean it, don't get down on yourself." Dean said, trying to reassure the angel. "I'm just happy to be out of hell. You only get so many chances at redemption and I guess I'm already doing a pretty crappy job of showing I deserve it." Had he been able to, Dean would have smiled at the feeling he got from Castiel at those words. "We'll figure it out. Make it up as we go, alright. Not often a Winchester gets to be saved. Might as well make the best of it."
As they crept down the corridor, Castiel felt a hand on his shoulder through his armor. He turned and made eye contact with Uriel, who pointed ahead. In the distance, Castiel could just barely discern a faint flickering light. Not warm like the glow of grace that surrounded him, but a cold, sickly light, like the glow of a fire made of nothing but gasoline and garbage. Where the light was emanating from, they could just hear the beginning sounds of the screaming souls. Souls that were damned to be tortured in Hell for the rest of eternity. Castiel’s heart broke. He wanted to save them all, not just the righteous man he had come for...
"Oh Dean...I'm sorry. I've been so cruel to you, and your brother, and Castiel...so many times, so many worlds...I've watched you try and fail and live and die so many times, all for the story. But it was never good enough...the story was never *perfect*..."
"Well, maybe it's a good thing I ran into you then, Cas," Dean drawled. He let his tongue dart out quickly to wet his lips and didn't miss the way Castiel's eyes flicked down at the movement. "I've got some 'varied interests' of my own."
Sam nodded at his mother, and Dean could feel his excitement bubbling. He looked to his brother and saw a dark glint in his eye. The two of them together were unstoppable.
Chuck raised a hand to silence him. "Save it. You write your own stories now. I'm not the author any more. I'm just a fan." And again, he was gone.
Jessica appeared at Sam's side and snaked her arm around his waist. She really was beautiful, far too good for his brother. Dean sometimes wished he had met her first, but he shook the thoughts from his mind. Sam was happy with Jess, and that's what he deserved.
"Thanks, Rowena," Dean said, slipping out of the booth. "And if you see or hear anything else..."
"Right, yeah. Dean Smith," He introduced himself, and he didn't miss the look from Lee who, mercifully, did not comment at his use of a pseudonym. "Sales representative with Sandover Enterprises." He smiled.
A beast I cannot kill and in my bones it now resides.
But all that I can see is what I'll lose once I am dead.
Jessica and the Winchester boys left the bedroom quietly, allowing their parents time together. They descended the stairs to the front room, discussing their plans for the art auction. They opened the front door and stepped into the brisk morning, bathed in the golden glow of the sunrise.
"You imagine?" Dean asked, an edge of worry creeping into his voice. "Hey Cas, uh, not to rush you or anything but, how long do you think this is gonna take anyways?"
"Hold on a sec." Dean said. "How'd you know I walked in on him? I mean, it seems like common knowledge to every kind of supernatural freak under the sun how my mom died, but that...that's pretty specific."
Lee roared with laughter. "Because you, Winchester, invite trouble wherever you go, and I have seen that look on your face before."
"I'd hurry if I were you Angel. Like I said, I don't want to see or hear about you again while you're down here. Hell's a big place and all but let's just say I move pretty quickly."
Now even Holy water cannot cleanse me of my sins.
So I can say "I'm fine" and not be called out on my bluff.
"Why hasn't it been dealt with, Bela?" Asked Sam. "The North shore is your territory, isn't it?" Sam was flexing his powers a little bit, addressing Bela that way. Usually, it would be up to John to chastise her for not taking care of a threat to their operations, but Dean could see the look of pride in his father's eyes at Sam stepping in so willingly.
For a moment, the look that passed through the man's eyes was so peaceful, so full of worship and thankfulness at the word 'home' that Castiel felt something inside himself he could only compare to the feeling of love he had felt the last time he had looked upon his Father. Yet even as he stared, that feeling was replaced by a horrible sinking loss as the eyes, which only a moment before had mesmerized Castiel with their beauty, turned an infinite shade of black, and a sick twisted smile spread across the man's face.
"Only the important ones we need to bind your soul. Those of lesser significance should adhere to the grace of their own accord without our having to delve too deeply into them"
"I am on a mission from God." Castiel stated simply. "I have come to save the Righteous Man."
He then created Heaven and the Angels that would inhabit it, for God was lonely in the great expanse of the cosmos, and he had plans for which we would require their assistance. First, God created the archangels, Lucifer, Michael, Gabriel, and Raphael. Together, these four angels became the guardians of the heavens. They loved their father and were devoted to him with all their being, none moreso than Lucifer, who was the most beautiful of all the Angels, and whose heart was filled with light and adoration. Michael was the most powerful of the four, and would come to command the highest ranks of the armies of heaven in the many battles they would fight against the legions of hell and darkness. Gabriel was the Trickster. He reveled in the laughter of his father and siblings, and his power came from joy. Gabriel's heart was filled with happiness, and while not as mighty as Michael in raw strength, he would still come to lead a great host of heaven in time. Raphael was the gentlest and kindest of the four. He was the healer, the protector, the saint. He would come to protect those who found the word of God, the prophets and the seers, and he would do so by any means necessary.
He looked around the expanse of barren, smoldering rock and ash for Uriel. To his left he saw a small passageway descending even further down into darkness. Something pulled him towards the depths and he walked carefully into the void. As his eyes adjusted to a new layer of darkness, Castiel saw that the passageway curved downwards to his right. He followed it, footsteps echoing ominously off the rock walls, which had been clawed and scraped at by the exoskeleton and violent appendages of the monsters that inhabited Hell.
Sam snorted audibly. "So, what the hell are they doing here?"
the second thing Dean noticed was that he couldn't see or move, and that immediately made him panic. Had he been returned to the rack? Was he once again bound in chains? Was the cold that only moments ago had brought him joy another torture ploy of Alastair's to give him hope? His mind started frantically searching for an explanation, and he tried desperately to open his eyes, until a feeling of calm washed over him and a deep voice brought him back from his panicked thoughts.
"What the fuck did you just say?" One of the men said to Dean. Having found a common enemy in him, the two men turned towards Dean's seat and advanced. He drew in a breath, immediately regretting his decision to speak up. They were both much larger than him by a wide margin, and Dean couldn't help but think to himself ruefully that maybe Sam was right about needing protection.
“D-Dean…” Castiel choked out.
"What the fuck is your problem, man?!" One of them exclaimed.
Hello, hello, friends! Happy Canadian Thanksgiving! I'm sorry this chapter took a little longer to post than usual, but I wanted to give people some time after "Last Holiday" to appreciate all the other wonderful content that came out surrounding that. I hope you all have a wonderful week and, as always, I'd love to hear your thoughts!
"Wonderful," John said, clapping his hands together, dispelling the tension surrounding the table, and causing Bela to sink back into her seat as her concerns were dismissed. "Now, let's eat before the food goes cold."
"Hey! Watch it, buddy!" Shouted a voice as Dean's shoulder bumped into another man on the sidewalk. "Fuckin' drunk..."
And even though I am adrift, a lost soul out at sea.
The Heavens, Hell, and Earth could never keep him from my side.
"Where is she?" Dean asked again, an edge to his voice that made Rowena glare.
"Yeah, well, I'm not much of the praying type." Dean returned his gaze to his father's face, peaceful as he'd ever seen it, and fought to hold back a single tear that threatened to fall.
The Angels looked on God with reverence, for only their father could have created a being that was so perfect in the image of the love that he had given to them.
A clink of cutlery against glass brought the assembly to silence and drew everyone's attention to the man standing at the head of the table. John Winchester was an imposing figure at the best of times, and his broad shoulders, clad in the threads of his fine Italian suit, added to his commanding demeanour. His neatly trimmed beard was flecked with grey, as was the perfectly slicked hair on his head. He stood with pride and demanded the respect of those around him with ease.
He regained himself and wiped the tears from the corners of his eyes. Reaching out, he pulled Cas into his arms again. This was okay. He was allowed to do this. There were no monsters that were going to burst through the front door and try to hurt them. This wasn't a dream cooked up by some djinn so it can trap Dean here forever. God, for the first time in his life, wasn't messing with him.
Mary sat down in the chair next to Dean and laid her hand on his cheek warmly. Dean relaxed into the touch. "My sweet boy," she cooed. "My sweet, brilliant boy. You're so good. So smart." Dean all but glowed under her praise as she gently stroked the side of his face, caressing her fingers through the short hair at his temple.
"Aw, you're no fun," the bartender pouted, placing a glass in front of him and filling it with water from the gun attached to the bar. "What, are you some kinda teetotaler or something?"
His presence brings me comfort through the fear that comes with night.
"Are-are you drunk?" Sam stammered into the phone.
"No, Dean," Sam said weakly into the phone, "it's not okay."
"This isn't an offer or a deal, Alastair. This is God's will."
Dean watched the taillights recede into the inky blackness, the fountain's cascading water like white noise to his rushing brain. He quickly walked the few steps up the stairs and heaved open the front doors, light spilling out into the night, and stepped inside.
Gathering his composure with a final deep breath, he willed himself to focus on his surroundings. He still had to find the soul he was sent to save and remove them both from hell. Looking around, Castiel noted almost immediately that this circle of Hell was much less corporeal than the last had been. Whereas before there had been rock walls and cages and solid, tangible aspects the were defining of "hell", here there was void. Everything was bathed in a sickly green light, and while fire still burned with a vengeance in every corner of his vision, there were also electric currents of energy crackling through the clouds of putrid smoke. Castiel was reminded of the inside of a thunder cloud on Earth, though the symbolism was lost in the fact that there was no one else to appreciate it.
"The very one," Dean replied, raising his beer to Lee and giving him a look that he hoped conveyed the importance of his silence. It must have worked because Lee turned and busied himself cutting limes on the back bar.
"I made him an offer he couldn't refuse." Alastair said. "40 years is a long time to stay on the rack, so I made him a deal, same as you. Oh he held out for a long time. Used some pretty creative language to tell me where I could shove my offer too. But in the end," he walked over to Dean and slung an arm over his shoulder, and the two smiled fondly at each other, "he took me up on it. They always do."
Dean couldn’t hold it back anymore. As Cas, his Cas, clung to him in the rain, in a dirty concrete parking lot, Dean Winchester cried. And instead of talking to Cas, trying to make his brain form words he had denied for so long, he sang.
"I believe both of these fine gentlemen just politely told you inbred walnuts to get lost." The voice that spoke was low and gravelly, and Dean felt his stomach flip a little at the sound of it. He turned his head to identify the stranger and was met by a tan trenchcoat.
Dean spun around. There stood Chuck, hands jammed into his pockets awkwardly, a small grin playing across his face.
Dean watched them go and shook his head ruefully. Even at Lee's, trouble managed to find him. He looked to his friend and put a hand on his shoulder, squeezing lightly. "You okay?"
"Try to remember." The voice said, waves of serenity still rippling through him.
Please feel free to leave a comment with any suggestions or anything you may have for me! They make me happy :) kudos are like candy!
"God works in mysterious ways, Dean."
He fidgeted slightly, uncomfortable under his mother's gaze. She knew about his past relationship with Lee, even about the few nights he spent with a man named Aaron after he and Lee had split. While she had never been as violently against his trysts with men as his father, she had never openly expressed approval or support of them either.
The glee in his mother's eyes made Dean's stomach turn. He knew that look. He had seen it once in his youth, moments before she had watched a man hang from a crane after selling out John to the police.
He let himself drift into a comfortable sleep as they sat in the morning traffic, the radio quietly playing Frank Sinatra's 'My Way' in the background. His dreams were filled with blue-eyed angels and bloody crowns of thorns, piercing flesh and wrapping around bone. How poetic that a family named for angels should be destroyed by a man who once thought he had the devil in his very soul. Dean smiled in his sleep at the thought.
"Did he know?" Asked Sam, breaking the tension of the moment. "That you're a Winchester, I mean."
Castiel smiled and his voice softened slightly. "And they say the sense of humour is the first thing to die in hell." For a moment, neither of them spoke. Castiel, marveling at the soul of the man laid bare before him, and Dean, still trying to grasp what was happening to him.
Castiel motioned to the rest of his battalion to assemble around him, and as they did, he received a reassuring glance from Uriel, and a pat on the shoulder.
"Who are you?" the man asked, confusion laced in his voice. "What's happening to me?" Now that confusion was etched with fear, and Castiel gripped the man's shoulder tighter, relief coursing through him as he attempted to transfer it to the man in front of him.
"I can't say that I know too much, honestly." She purred. "But after the incident with Ruby, I did a little research. It would seem that the father, Chuck, had a wife years ago, Naomi, who was killed in some kind of gang war. He became obsessed with revenge and took over a good chunk of Newark, eliminating the gangs, building the communities, doing all sorts of goodwill charity work, all with funds gathered through several nefarious means."
"Nah, man, I was thinking about heading over to Lee's," Dean said. His head was foggy from the wine, and he needed some real liquor to bring his senses back.
A small smile lifted the corners of the man's lips as he extended his uninjured hand for Dean to shake.
The angel in my dreams, in spite of everything, still cares.
“Please don’t take my sunshine away.”
It was getting late, and as more people rolled in off the street to escape the rapidly cooling night, Lee became too busy to chat with Dean any longer. He finished the two bottles of beer in front of him, bid Lee a quick farewell with a promise to come back again soon, and walked out into the night.
They keep getting longer! I'm so sorry, I'm trying to keep them to similar lengths, these Chapters just sort of have a mind of their own and don't want to have nice, natural end points until they're nearly 2k words long... thanks for continuing on with me, I promise some real character development soon.
"My family..." Castiel began, pausing and looking down at his drink. "Let's just say we've got varied interests." He smiled slyly at Dean, who was suddenly very aware of how his hands were itching to reach out and thread themselves through Castiel's hair. He kept them clasped tightly around the cold glass of his beer bottle instead.
Out of habit, he scanned the crowd and saw a few familiar faces, but thankfully no sparkling blue eyes and no trenchcoats in sight. The brightest source of light came from the rotating floodlights on the main stage. Dean supposed that keeping everything in shadow allowed people to feel more comfortable here. After all, a strip club may be fine and well, but when the money changed hands and gentlemen were lead to back rooms by beautiful ladies, it was best that no one knew each other's names in the morning.
"You're late," stated the younger of the Winchester brothers, his arm draped lazily across his girlfriend Jessica's shoulders.
He created Earth and everything upon it. He created water and wind and clouds and trees, and all the creatures that walked the land from the fleas on the backs of the shrews, to the great mammoths of the ice age, to the devastating predators of the modern age.
"What's up, Sammy?" Dean asked. He knew there was a reason his brother was holding him back.
The front room was just as it had always been, a monument to excess with gilded fixtures and chandeliers that hung like diamonds from the rafters. Dean closed the doors behind him and called out to the depths of the house.
The rest of the evening dissolved into easy conversation amongst the members of the meeting. Sam laughed wildly at Bobby's account of a man who he had once held over a woodchipper for his disrespect, even though he had told the story a hundred times. Mary and John spoke quietly with Jessica about her parents and how thrilled they were that her contacts on Broadway would benefit the Winchester dynasty. Dean occupied himself by kicking Jo under the table and watching her face go from mildly irritated to genuinely annoyed as she tried to maintain a discussion with her mother about liquor importing.
"Where am I?" He asked. "Who are you?"
"Nothing, man, nothing..." Lee chuckled. "Just the next time you eye fuck a dude at the bar, you should probably have the decency to give him your real name. Maybe your number?"
Dean waved over Sam's shoulder at John, Mary, and Jess, and gave his brother a nod before turning and heading down the dark sidewalk in the direction of Lee Webb's bar.
"Whatever you say, Dean," Sam replied, rolling his eyes. He ran his fingers through his absurdly long hair, and Dean found himself itching to strap his brother into a barber's chair and order a buzz cut.
"I could unbind my consciousness from yours if you would prefer." Castiel said. "We would no longer be able to communicate, but I would also not be intruding on your memories."
"Dinner with the family," Dean replied noncommittally.
"John. Mary. Dear Winchester Family. It has come to my attention that there appears to be a new family on the North shore. They arrived from New Jersey about six weeks ago and have been a thorn in my side ever since." She scowled.
"Yeah, it's been a long time coming." Dean chuckled into his glass. "Never seen anybody as happy as those two. Kind of a miracle she hasn't killed him yet with what a pain in the ass he can be."
Dean groaned. "Great. So now I'm sharing my most personal intimate moments with some angel-dude I just met. Perfect."
Castiel's lips twitched at the use of the nickname. "Ah. I understand. The last few weeks have been...exhausting."
Castiel turned and looked at Uriel. "The Righteous Man is beyond this gate." He took a step towards the fires but was stopped by Uriel once again placing a hand on his shoulder.
"You should not lower your guard so quickly in hell, Castiel." She chastised him.
But Dean was in his thirties now, and the prospect of war looming on the horizon made him giddy with anticipation.
With every waking breath I try to keep my thoughts in line.
"Alright, so why don't you tell me what happened then?" He directed. Rowena pursed her lips into a thin line. She was the only person Dean had ever met who could rival him and his brother for stubbornness.
"Because he commanded it to be so."
"I mean, pshhh, maybe? A bit?" Dean smiled. He was feeling great. Who cared about that pretty-eyed guy in the trenchcoat at Lee's? Dean didn't care. And he didn't care that he didn't care. "Listen, I talked to Rowena and - " Sam cut him off before he could finish his sentence.
"No." Dean snapped. There was nothing to talk about until he knew what had happened to his father.
"What's that for?" Dean asked lazily, sipping at the blessed bitterness of the coffee as it warmed his insides and washed the weariness from his limbs, new purpose infusing his veins.
(See the end of the chapter for
Behind him, in the doorway of the small house, stood Castiel. Dean lurched forward, his feet moving of their own volition and embraced the man before him. He breathed in everything that was Castiel. The faint scent of cinnamon and watermelon filled his nostrils as he wrapped his arms around Cas' shoulders and buried his face in his neck, holding onto him like he was the last tether binding him to earth. Dean stepped back and looked at his angel, reverence and confusion in his eyes.
The darkened road I've traveled never bending to my whims.
With a final shuddering breath, Dean's dad looked down at him. "Give Sam to me now, Dean. You did good." He reached out and took baby Sammy from Dean's arms and sat next to him on the hood of the car. Paramedics eventually came over and started checking them all for injuries, but Dean didn't answer any of their questions and eventually, they wrapped a blanket around his shoulders and left him alone. His dad put a hand on his shoulder for a moment and squeezed, then they both sat in silence and watched their home burn.
And when my story has been told, my final legacy.
"Ah, you're only saying that cuz he's your brother." Lee laughed.
Dean shook the thoughts violently from his head.
Jess smiled at him. "You ready, Sam?"
"Yeah, some of us just wanna drink in peace," Dean said.
"What have you done to him?" asked Castiel still clenching his teeth.
He ran to his bedroom door as fast as his little legs would carry him, ripped open the door and tore down the hallway. From inside his little brother's room, he could see smoke, smell fire, and hear his dad calling out his mom's name. When he reached the door, he saw his father grabbing his brother out of the crib, the entire room almost engulfed in flames. Dean looked up and saw, stuck to the ceiling above the crib, eyes staring at him filled with tears, mouth pulled open in a silent scream, stomach split open and bleeding, and completely enveloped in flame, the final image of his mother.
Dean swallowed hard. Rowena wasn't one to exaggerate. If she said the Novaks were dangerous, he had no reason not to believe her. "How much of a threat are they?" He asked bluntly.
As Dean passed by the door to his brother's nursery, he turned his head and looked inside. He saw a tall, dark figure standing over the crib and was suddenly gripped with a fear so intense that it froze his little legs where they stood.
Dean laughed. In another life, he would have called him a friend.
"Shut up." Dean groaned. "I just heard about the Novaks tonight at dinner, okay? Bela says they're trying to start a war in her district, and Sam and I are supposed to 'deal' with them." He pushed the heels of his hands into his eyes until stars popped behind them. "Why did it have to be Novak..." He said quietly.
"Does that mean, I'm no longer just an 'honorary Winchester'?" Said Castiel from far too close. Dean looked up and his breath caught in his throat as he realized that Cas had crowded into his space in the not-unpleasant way that he had long gotten used to. His blue eyes were twinkling with something akin to joy as Dean regained his composure.
"Yeah, I got that." Alastair chuckled, raising a hand to silence those around him. "But you can't really expect me to believe God just wanted to check in, make sure we're all playing nice, eh? So I'll ask you again. Why are you here?" Any of the fake charm he had been using to try and trap Castiel into a sense of comfort was abandoned and he narrowed his eyes at the angel.
"What sort of means?" Dean asked again.
His emotions ranged from fear to rage, and he was doing his best to school himself into some manner of togetherness before reaching his parent's home but was failing miserably. He caught Benny glance at him in the rearview mirror.
"They're here too. Well, not HERE here, but they're safe. We're all on the same plane of existence right now, you and I are just riding a different ripple for a bit." Chuck said. "I needed to talk to you…"
He pulled back from his explanation, giving the man time to try and comprehend what had happened to him.
"Yes." Castiel responded calmly. "You have been delivered from the pit by the will of God. You are safe." he repeated. His voice was rough, cracked and laced with exhaustion, but Dean knew he spoke the truth and this was not another ruse created by the demons to further break him.
“Dean…just…keep talking. Your voice…it’s helping.”
Something in Castiel's stomach twisted uncomfortably and he suddenly felt I'll. His heart began to ache even more, and he narrowed his eyes at Alastair, who laughed in his face. Castiel turned his face to Dean and noticed that the man had changed back to human now and was beginning to shiver in fear at the feel of Alastair's arm around him.
"Dean freaking Winchester." Lee drawled. "It's been a while. You too good to come see me anymore?"
A few moments later he heard his father's footsteps come pounding up the stairs and run down the hall towards Sammy's room. At that moment, he felt the binding around his arms and legs break and he was able to move.
"Hard to say," Billie responded. "The cardiac event has severely weakened his heart, but it's the brain function I'm worried about."
Dean watched as his home went up in flames. Neighbours started coming out of their houses to see what the noises were as the firemen arrived and started running around with their hoses. A few people came over to them to see if they were okay, but his dad just brushed them off with a sob and a wave of his hand.
Dean's mouth had gone dry. He sat, frozen, hand clasped firmly in the grip of the man in front of him. He was dimly aware of the fact that he had taken far to long to respond, and the look Castiel was giving him now made him even more painfully aware of the knot forming in his stomach.
"Before he disappeared from heaven,  God...He spoke to me. He told me that I would play a part in the greatest story of mankind, and that my destiny was directly tied to the fate of the Righteous Man. He said that when the time was right, I would have to be the one to find you, to save you. To protect you. Then he left. No one has heard from him since. My Father he...he was perhaps, cryptic, in his explanations of things, but when it was time to save you, I just knew. It was like God himself was pulling me towards you in Hell. His commands cannot be denied, and so I knew what I had to do. Past that, I had no idea."
When the food came, Dean was treated to the most delicious looking plate of carbonara he had ever seen. Cain truly did know the way to his heart. Before he had the chance to dig in, a noise from the opposite end of the table drew everyone's attention.
I fight against the demons that are creeping in my head.
Dean could now see the usual suspects gathered around their regular table. He spotted Bobby gruffly speaking to Ellen Harvelle and her daughter Jo. The Harvelles were powerful associates who owned many of the bars and rest stops along the freeway into the city, and Dean's father liked to keep them close because he had been friends with Ellen's late husband, Bill.
what happened with us."
“Dean?” Sam asked quietly, approaching cautiously. “I-I-I got here as fast as I could…is he…”
"Carry on, Castiel. Return to us in Heaven when Father's will is done. We shall not rest until you are home once more." Uriel drew his blades and readied himself for the attack. Castiel nodded, and turned back towards the searing fires. He took a final steadying breath and stepped into the vacuous expanse of fire, and continued, until the battle cries of his brother were no more.
"Is he gonna be okay?" Dean growled.
Dean's stroked the knuckles of his father's hand with his thumb.
Billie sighed as she placed her clipboard on top of the machine. "He'll probably survive the heart attack, but the fact that his brain was without oxygen for an extended period may mean he doesn't wake up. We'll take it day by day; most patients do recover eventually, but as I always say, pray for the best, prepare for the worst."
Castiel sighed. "It would appear as though your soul is directly related to defining moments in your life, clearly starting with the most significant one, your mother being taken from you by the demon, Azazel." He paused for a moment, allowing Dean time to accept his premise. "By reliving these memories, these moments that combined to make you Dean Winchester, the Righteous Man as chosen by God himself, and by applying my grace to the fractures, I can piece your soul back together and make you whole again."
"I texted Benny for you." Said Sam. "He should be here soon."
on your face, it means I'm gonna have to dig some poor bastard's grave." He mused, pulling out of the driveway and onto the main road, navigating the car towards Dean's apartment downtown. "I swear you sick fucks enjoy the killing more than the luxury of your lives."
"So, Castiel, do you make a habit of jumping into random people's bar fights?" Dean asked. He motioned to Lee for another round. The alcohol in his veins made him less aware that he was sitting with a potential rival and more aware of how attractive he found the man.
"Perhaps because of those Novak boys that Miss Talbot had Ruby go looking into." Her face darkened. "I don't know what she was thinking, but that poor girl came back beat half to death. She was a good dancer, always made a lot of money on her nights..."
Also, there were no demon battles this chapter because in my mind, the seven circles of hell would reflect the seven deadly sins. The first circle was wrath, lots of violence and fighting. The second was pride, with Alastair being an arrogant prick about how wonderful he was that he could just ignore an angel of heaven and not have an issue. I dunno, it doesn't make sense, but it's my story so I'm okay with it lol.
"I can help with that." Jess piped up from where her head rested sleepily against Sam's chest. "My parents are holding an art auction in a few days. It's a charity fundraiser for some west coast non-profit, but they're expecting a big crowd. If the Novaks are involved in art at all, they'll be there. I could put Sam and Dean on the guest list..." She looked nervously between Mary and Sam.
"Castiel! Behind you!"
I push away the memories, drown my feelings down within.
Dean's young brain couldn't begin to understand what was happening before a warm, wriggling bundle of blankets was being thrust into his arms and he was drawn back to reality by his father's panicked voice.
"Well, shit, brother, if I'd've known this wasn't just a drunk Dean episode, I woulda been driving faster," Benny said.
Sam smacked him around the head, and Dean laughed. "Alright, have fun at Lee's. Call Benny if there's any trouble."
"My name is Castiel." he said calmly. "I'm an Angel of the Lord. I've come to take you home."
Burning black the edges, keeping both of us apart.
Her words dripped with a caramel sweetness, and despite his intense dislike of the woman, Dean couldn't help but stare at her as she spoke.
Benny sighed. "You can't run from everything, Dean-o."
Dean shot a glance full of daggers and bullets at Sam. “He’s still dead, Sam! He’s still-”
At that moment, the clouds above them parted and the rain stopped. A single ray of warm light landed on the group and Dean turned his head skyward. “Sunshine…” He whispered, and smiled. He looked back down at Cas and could have sworn his angel’s mouth was turned up in a smile. At peace. More than he ever had been in life, the burdens of heaven and earth finally relieved.
And even through it all he will still answer all my prayers.
He thought for a long time about Chuck's question. Thought long and hard. In the end, only one thing could come to his mind…
"That's not what I mean." He said. "If Bela is right and the Novaks are looking to start a war, none of us should be going anywhere alone."
Dean heard Lee cough, fake and dramatic, behind him. He grimaced as the trance Castiel's eyes held over him was broken. Cas shook himself and turned his face from Dean to peer sheepishly at Lee, who was now smirking at both of them.
"Take your brother outside as fast as you can and don't look back! Now, Dean, go!"
"Hey!" Lee shouted. "Take it outside, boys."
Out of the miasma ahead, Castiel could discern what appeared to be thick chains and hooks hanging and extending upwards. Between these chains hung the indisputable forms of human bodies, some writing in pain, others hanging limply, chains just barely shuddering from their breaths. He could see blood dripping from the hooks that were impaled through their bodies, and a score of humanoid demons standing in front of them, laughing in the face of their despair.
"No, he won't," Dean replied, pouring too much wine into his brother's glass. "He knows how Gordon is. He'll just be glad I didn't break too many of his fingers to get him to agree to pay his dues."
Castiel smiled. "No, Uriel. Something calls to me through the fire. I will face my judgement, and I will save the Righteous Man. Find those who have not fallen. Take them home. Serve our brothers and sisters well in Heaven, and please, should I fail, tell them that I tried. In service of God and Heaven, I tried." He placed a reassuring hand on Uriel's shoulder for a moment, then turned and walked towards the fires. He could feel their raging heat on his face, the fury of Hell's judgement whipping around him like a perverse wind, yet he did not falter.
Alright, to clarify, I feel as though the demons of hell need to pose at least SOME threat to the Angels, otherwise it wouldn't be such a big deal that Castiel rescued Dean. Point being, the bonds of Hell weaken their angelic powers enough that they are able to sustain injury (Cas' arm), and in fact be killed by the demons in their true forms (not possessing humans). The demons who have lived under the bonds of hell for eons are at nearly equal strength with the Angels there, because if they weren't and if they didn't present at least some problem withe matching their strength, the Angels probably would have gone and just wiped them out entirely eons ago.
"Shh, I got you Sammy, I'm not gonna drop you, promise, it'll be okay." He said to the bundle in his arms as he ran down the stairs and through the front door. He stopped in the middle of the front yard and turned back towards the house, looking up at Sam's nursery window. He could see the flickering golden light of the fire through the glass and looked for his father.
Dean chuckled and closed his eyes to the world for just a moment. "Well, what can I say, Benny?" He smiled despite himself. "It's pure, life and death. It's in my nature."
"It seems your proclivity for the company of men is not such a great shame to this family after all, Dean." She stated. There was no warmth in her voice, no notes of approval. Her glee did not come from a place of love for her child; it came from the cold, calculating mind of a mafia wife, willing to risk everything to protect her Family. "Did this, 'Castiel' return your advances?"
"That's right, dear Castiel. Man has already gone through many trials on their way into existence. The journey from fish to bipedal and sentient being has been arduous and difficult, but they have made it." God appreached Castiel and bid him rise. Castiel gazed upon God and felt warm, radiant love course through him.
"Fine, fine," Benny shook his head and turned his eyes back to the road. "But you should talk to someone. Spending your nights in the company of Rowena's harlots ain't gonna make the mornings feel any less cold."
The man laughed. "God? Righteous Man? Listen up Angel, I dunno what kind of crazy shit they've been telling you up in Heaven,  but I sure as hell ain't no righteous man. I'm Dean frickin' Winchester. I've done a lot of bad things topside, including sell my own soul to a demon. Explains why I'm down here now, doesn't it?" he chuckled again  "Far as God goes, well, I guess I don't believe in fairy tales anymore. Way I see it, if there really was a God, half of these sorry son's of bitches wouldn't even be here." He returned to stand in front of Castiel and smiled wickedly again, looking him up and down slowly, biting his lower lip. "So tell me Angel, why would you wanna save my soul in the first place?"
Unable now to save them though I would at any cost.
Dean's shoulders fell. She was right. The news of his father's illness could be kept quiet, but not for long. Word would eventually spread that their patriarch's health was in decline. He looked to his brother, worry deepening the lines on his face, and Dean again felt the familiar stab of guilt twist in his chest like a knife. It should be his burden to bear, the weight of the family's success or failure, not Sam's.
"Mommy?" Dean called out softly. He rubbed his eyes. He didn't know what time it was, but he knew it was very late. The orange racecar light that his daddy had hung on his wall to keep the dark away was flickering slightly as he swung his legs out over the edge of his wooden framed bed and put is bare feet on the cold wood floor.
She sat forward and touched her husband's forearm gently. "Bela. While I'm sure the loss of your warehouses is devastating, no one would be foolish enough to start a war with our family." She smiled. "And if Ruby and the girls from Rowena's can't handle what is being asked of them, then perhaps it is time to remind them who it is they work for. I'm sure Sam and Dean would be happy to deal with the Novaks, right boys?"
Dean wanted to scream, wanted to cry out for his Mommy and Daddy to help Sammy. That there was a bad man in his room and they needed to come, quickly! But he couldn't. His mouth was stuck shut and no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't make a sound. He felt himself turn away from the door, away from his parents room, and silently walk back down the hall to his own. He went inside, closed the door with a quiet click behind him, and sat on the edge of his bed, eyes wide in silent terror. It was like he had been put under a spell, he couldn't move or talk on his own no matter how hard he fought against whatever it was that was controlling him.
I'm trying to write Dean as true to canon as possible. Castiel, on the other hand, has decided he wants to be his own angel and will write himself (stubborn s.o.b.)
"What?" She asked, her tone too soft to be anything but terrifying.
"No." Dean heard a deep voice say inside his head. "Go back to sleep, little one. Do not get out of bed again, and be thankful you were the first born son..." The door to the nursery slowly closed, hiding the dark figure from view and leaving baby Sammy alone, trapped.
Castiel lowered his hand quickly and stepped backward “I understand”
Castiel had gone home from Meg’s without eating lunch and feeling exhausted, he hadn’t meant in cry in front of Dean, he hadn’t meant to let it all overwhelm him at that moment, but something in Dean’s eyes had just set him off, it was almost like. He couldn’t hide from Dean. Dean really saw him, saw his pain and then… he’d embraced it… him.
“Hey guys, yeah sorry about that. You remember Castiel?” Dean motioned to Castiel.
*sniffs air… I smell… arousal. =D
Dean pressed back against him, firmly, deliberately. His arm coming up to push the cover off them to look down at their bodies pressed together. He pushed back again, grinding himself against Castiel’s cock, drawing a groan from him.
“No! Don’t leave, it wasn’t too soon, I’m sorry. I guess it was just because it was the first time since... I felt a little weird about it, about it… but not you.”
Castiel stepped back, hands rising defensively, “I’m sorry-” he began.
“This was the first time I saw him.” says Balthazar looking at the image, “his beauty called to me, his name, his body… He and I are connected far more deeply than you and he could ever be…”
He bites back a smile and finds Dean’s eyes, Dean grins back at him and mouth’s, “I love you”
Сложнее = Harder
‘You help more than you know. Just talking to someone helps. And I think you’re right, I won’t be able to move on if I am stuck in a case of denial. Today, whilst it mostly sucked, was necessary. Shopboy’
"In your pajamas.." Castiel smirked, he could not believe how sweet this man was, rushing to his aid with broken ribs and in his pajamas.
Dean realised that this had been the wrong thing to say, he’d been going for boyish humor, charm, apparently he’d missed the mark completely. The angel was leaning back, away from him. Somehow creating more distance between them again, even though his back was still pressed up against the wall behind him. Scrambling to reassure Castiel, Dean threw caution to the wind and let the secret thoughts that had been bubbling inside him come crashing to the surface.
“Happy birthday brother, Sam's bringing you a surprise.” Click. The call cuts out, then he hears a long drawn out beeping noise. Castiel’s eyes flick up, staring straight ahead, his jaw locks. So Sam Winchester was looking for him…
“Are you drinking Santa’s whiskey?” he asked frowning at Dean suddenly.
The buzzing increases and decreases several more times before he hears the telltale sound of Castiel coming into the room. Again he is hit with a strange sense of relief that Castiel is there. Surely, that means it must be over?
Dean, wearing false eyelashes, a huge blonde wig tied up with a tinsel bow, he was wearing a tiny Miss Santa Claus outfit and white stockings. His face was thick with makeup and glitter and his platform boots added several inches to his height.
He set about getting the easiest items first, five golden rings, no problem. He walked right into a jewlery store and purchased five simple gold bands. Next he went to a garden centre and bought a small pear tree, he took these items back to the bunker and hid them in the huge underground garage. He moved some of the cars from one side of the room to the other so that he could set up pens for the animals, one for the goats, one for the chickens and geese, one for the swans, one for the partridge, turtle doves and calling birds.
Nine Ladies Dancing
Dean nods “And I’ve had it professionally cleaned.”
He walked down the stairs slowly, his ribs were much better now, but still twinged a little from time to time. Jess wolf-whistled at him. Sam raised an eyebrow at her.
Or Balthazar for that matter.
'Salad will do that to a guy. I was craving meat, like red, juicy meat and I was presented with grilled chicken and a side of weeds. You should go sailing if you get the chance, I love New York but it is nice to get out of the city and on to the water for an afternoon. As for the rule-breaking, I only realized after I sent the message, sorry. I guess I was feeling rebellious and needed to vent, hope you don't mind. Just difficult sometimes to remember that we haven't ever met, as we talk to each other every day it feels weird sometimes to leave things out... If that makes sense? Win67'
"Yeah, I just think those last shots really hit me, do you want to come back to mine tonight?" Garth's eyes widened and he smirked at her.
Castiel feigned a look of shock when Dean grabbed his wrist and pulled him roughly away from Luke, in reality being manhandled like that sent waves of heat shooting straight to his dick but he wasn't about to let Dean know that... not yet anyway.
Meg raised an eyebrow at her, before winking and saying "Later..."
They stood outside the window, on the street admiring their handy work.
Castiel shrugged, they'd had a few vodka's by this point and whilst he'd been having fun, he still felt annoyed at Balthazar so he got up and tapped the top of Charlie's head, "Let's find out."
"He's going to be needing a ride home in the morning..." His father narrowed his eyes at him, before throwing something up through the air toward him. Dean caught it and looked down into his hands, frowning he looked back to his father.
Go and finish turning that pile of wood on the front lawn into something useful.
"House plants?" Said Dean sounding confused, a little fuzzy "I don't follow..."
For the drummers drumming and pipers piping, Castiel snatched them from a marching band performing for a Christmas concert. He took to the microphone, apologising to the crowds and assuring everyone that he would return them soon.
Charlie raised her eyebrows but remained silent for a moment before turning back to the laptop and asking, "So, are you gonna reply?"
The way he’d felt when he’d first learned that Castiel was, like him, an angel. The look in the man’s eyes as Balthazar had taken him that first time, that unforgettable first time. Balthazar had pushed himself inside Castiel, body, and mind. He’d ravished him to within an inch of his life, beating him every time he’d dared utter the word ‘no’.
“Thank you,” Castiel smiled following Balthazar towards the front door and coming to halt behind him as Balthazar reached for the handle and turned back to him.
Balthazar watched her walk away through narrowed eyes, before turning to Castiel with a strained smile "Go ahead, I know you haven't eaten. I should have made you something at home, I just didn’t think. I’m sorry. I'll get us some drinks"
"Alright, Janice.." Said Dean "Calm down"
Dean's eyes widened in shock, Castiel had gone from friendly to annoyed... angry with him in seconds, and Dean felt slight whiplash from it.
“I can’t believe you did this…” Says Castiel stepping closer to Dean, he wrapped his arms around him and hugged him tightly “Thank you, so much…”
Do It. Do It. Do It. You know you want to show me off.
"You know to call yourself cool, kinda kills the cool, right?" laughed Sam, shaking his head at his brother.
"Thank you, Dean, if you need any help just give me a shout." said Castiel. He flashed another award winning smile at Dean before moving away to help another customer.
“Hello?”
Friday morning and Dean's in his office on a call with Lisa, telling her about Balthazar's visit to the store...
starting to feel unappreciated in this relationship.”
The high notes were admittedly - awful, but it only made the crowd cheer even louder. Castiel watched wide eyed as his boyfriend strutted his stuff around the stage, clearly enjoying himself and all earlier nerves forgotten. Dean was a natural performer, and… the outfit wasn’t awful. The wig and makeup would have to go, but Castiel found himself picturing Dean in little Christmas panties, of red and gold an he bit his lip wondering if Dean would wear some for him at home.
"What?" laughed Castiel, "No.. No.. I didn't."
Castiel looks up as Sam Winchester hobbles into the room on his crutches, “Hello Sam. How are you feeling today?”
“Dean, I…” Castiel begins, sounding uncertain.
“You’re not an angel… You ass.” sneers Dean choking the man under his steadfast grip, “You’re just a man…”
“No, you smell like Dean,” Castiel’s eyes crinkle with fondness as he shamelessly sticks his face into Dean’s hair and sniffs along his neck, “It’s the best smell in the world.”
"If you think, for one second.. that you will ever set foot in MY house again.. You are sorely mistaken!" Yelled Castiel turning his back on him and beginning to walk away as tears began to fall thick and heavy down his face.
Bro… What the fuck?
He was so glad that Castiel hadn't said his last name, it made it look less odd that he hadn't either and he wasn’t lying, Castiel’s shop was nice. Homely and warm. Dean could absolutely see the appeal, the displays were magical looking under the glow of the orange fairy lights and everything was clean and neat.
"What about Dean?" Asked Charlie suddenly as she reached the door "Cas can you check on him? I gotta go home, my heads spinning but please... just to make sure he is alright?"
"Mick Davis," says Balthazar, "A wonderful plaything and beautiful addition to my collection. Castiel made me so proud when he slid his blade across his throat."
Come with me, my darling, let us make the beautiful music together…
You disgust me.
Hungry, but don’t want to risk eating… yet.
Charlie sway on her feet thinking “I was just wondering what your security in the store was like?”
“That’s not good enough, Dean wouldn’t just disappear, something has happened to him.” Sam says angrily, he rubs his hands over his face in frustration, “Please…”
“What the fuck is that, what are you doing?!” He shouts in panic.
As I got nearer… I don’t know why the fuck I didn’t say anything, I just kinda… unintentionally snook up on him… When he heard me behind him, he kinda jumped and shouted ‘Hello’ at me… and his face went bright red… such a fucking babe when he blushes. And his lips…….
"Coming" Shouted Dean grabbing his wallet and walking out to meet Sam. They took a cab to the bar and as Dean got out his stomach turned. He looked at Sam "Erm.."
"I never complain, even when you screw up. When you go cruising around with the King of Hell. When you give yourself the Mark of Cain... When you do any of the number of stupid and reckless things YOU have done. I do not complain, because you are my friend... and I trust you. I have faith in you..."
"I'm sorry but if your partner is hard for business at the moment, you would think he would take the customers he can get" Snapped Lisa looking over to where Dean was sat, now watching them, something in the way Lisa had looked at him had made him frown and get up from his seat and... to Castiel's complete horror he began walking over to them..
By Song Artist - Natalia Kills
“Yes.” Castiel whispers helplessly, it was just them. Together. This was real and they had chosen it. Dean chose him. Feeling empowered and bold at his revelation, Castiel surges forward. It’s so quick that Dean almost stumbles, but the angel catches him easily and walks him awkwardly backwards to the map table in the centre of the room. Books and Dean’s long forgotten drink crash to the floor, as the angel lifts the hunter up, laying him back carefully on the cool surface of the table. Dean’s hands naturally rest behind him to steady him and he watches with wide, awe-struck eyes as Castiel fumbles at the front of his jeans.
I want to suck your cock later. Could do that forever, easy."
"It is safe now, Dean," said Cas' voice.
"Would you like to see how aroused you make us, my good, lovely Dean?"
Dean decided to just leave that topic alone. No need to divulge his entire porn viewing history or anything.
"Cas?"
"Sorry." Dean felt an apology was needed, considering Jimmy had briefly been kneeling in a pool of Dean’s blood with more of it splattered down his front. This shouldn't be such a big deal anymore. It had happened what... six years ago? More? “Maybe this is a bad idea." He didn't want this to be a bad idea.
“Can't wait to meet her properly."
Cas ran fingers through Dean's hair to pull his head back, and give Jimmy a long, tight stretch of throat to kiss against. He was still in his clothes, and the layers of coats surrounded Dean like petals as he turned his cheek into the cotton of Cas' shirt.
He should have never kissed them. Sam was right. Jimmy had been the only one untouched by all this, and now he was stuck with them. What if he didn't even want Dean? What if he was just saying yes because he had to? If he'd had anything to wear, or drive, Dean would’ve been out of there on his way to the nearest bar. But the way it was, he was stuck.
He started laughing. And
"Claire Novak is a very independent soul. She will resent me, rescuing her."
"Yes," Dean was the very definition of enthusiastic consent.
"Yes. It is impossible for you to hurt me, and I love to watch you lose control."
"...he's hiding too."
"Okay... now this is just an idea, but what if you held my hips down and let me
Jimmy touched Dean's face with both hands. "Thanks."
"Just glad he's gone. And you're still here."
"I just need to hear your voice. It helps."
Dean unconsciously tried to follow when Cas broke away, then let himself fall back against the pillows. He considered doing an exaggerated swoon, but decided not to. He didn't want to confuse things. And, he wanted to let himself enjoy this. "If we're gonna do this, we're gonna do it right." Dean took one of Castiel's hands and brought it to his lips. There was something about Cas that made him want to do weird old fashioned sappy shit like that. "Tell me how to make you feel good. I want to make this good for you."
Castiel closed his eyes and inhaled. Said nothing.
"That's, uh... kind of a lot to ask a guy?" Damn did Cas ever know how to throw him off balance. Dean wasn't sure if he was excited or nervous. He felt a little like he was having an out of body experience. Figuratively. Not in an astral projection kind of way.
"And you don't have to do anything to earn your place here." Sam said that part a little quietly.
Cas’ voice was even and calm. "Will you kiss the rest of our fingers, beloved?"
He shut the phone and darted back into the house, up the stairs, shedding clothes along the way. Left his pants on the banister separating the not-really-a-bedroom from the rest of the house, and headed to the bathroom to wash his hands and maybe his feet. He really regretted the no-shoes thing. "I have a fiancé and it's you!" Dean announced to the world, but mostly the part of the world occupied by Jimmy and Cas.
Dean produced one from his jacket, and handed it to Jimmy before shedding the garment entirely. His shirt followed, leaving him naked from the waist up. Jimmy carefully popped the trenchcoat's center seam, and then a lot less carefully ripped it in two. Scraps fell away as he cut at the suit jacket and pulled the white shirt down, laying kisses along the skin he revealed. Cas' wings – and they weren't wings, but it felt easier and safer to think of them as wings – interacted with Jimmy's face and neck like high-pressure water and got
"Nowhere will ever be safe enough. Not for my kid."
"Forever, if you want."
"Marry me, you bastard." Dean laughed.
"When have I ever said something was ‘too weird?’"
all that stuff, just.... yeah, there's a lot I don't want. What... what kind of things were you thinking?"
Dean looked away. He started to speak, changed his mind, and pulled Jimmy to him instead. His kiss was a timid thing. Jimmy followed his lead, until he gently broke away. "You want to wake up next to me. You could wake up next to me in the morning, middle of the night. Same thing. I'd hold you through a nightmare, and I'd hold you through a not-nightmare that's worse."
"Talk to me, please?" Silence was dangerous right now.
I just called you the same thing I call my
"And so he... what, locked you up and stole the Impala? Why do you not have your car and aren't sure exactly where you are?"
Dean tried to smile but it was more of a grimace. "You're telling me? Maybe we can just..." No. That was stupid.
"You're
Cas pulled Dean firmer against his chest. His head turned slightly to kiss Dean's ear, and then - hands that could grind diamonds to dust, Jimmy's hands with their manicured nails - curled around his cock.
"… just imagine how good I'll probably be at giving blowjobs."
"Um. So before, there've been some people I've been with who were really into calling me a good boy and stuff like that, and uh... I think I was into it too? So um, if you could maybe tell me what a good boy I've been, that'd be really great probably. Unless it's weird. You don't have to." Dean felt himself blushing.
"What if I am?"
He was probably pulling Cas' hair enough to hurt, and was getting way too close. He didn’t want it to be over this soon.
"I am no threat to you." Tentatively, Cas put his arms around Dean. “It may be true that being around me puts you in more danger. But..." now slightly more hopeful. "You are already used to being in danger and I - I am very good in a fight."
"It wasn't your fault." Dean kept his voice quiet and calm, and gently carded his fingers through the mess that was Jimmy's hair. "I swear. Wasn't Jimmy's fault either." There was fire on all sides, but Dean wasn't worried. They had a way out. They'd be fine.
Dean couldn't talk like this, so he settled on showing his enthusiasm by swallowing around Cas. The muscles in the back of his throat contracted, and his mouth flooded with even more saliva. Cas showed his appreciation by bringing a hand to Dean's cheek, but fucking his mouth just as hard.
Castiel had finished with his dress shirt and Jimmy - the way he moved felt more like Jimmy - flopped back down on the bed.
"Oh, that's tempting. Some other time, definitely."
"I know, right?" Dean ran a hand down his chest, over his hip. "Couldn't figure out why you were rocking the sexy Inspector Gadget look, but I think you might be onto something."
“In this moment, I am wrapping as tenderly around his soul as I know how.” It was Cas’ voice, although Jimmy’s breath stayed regular. “But his body - I am not a body. I do not require touch, or food, or sleep, or urination. I use it, Dean, but I begin to realize that I do not understand it.”
"Dean..." said Jimmy, tensing, breathing. "Touch my shoulders.”
As Cas inched backwards to recline against the giant mound of pillows, Jimmy flipped himself on top of Dean. His hands went to Dean's wrists, pinning them to the mattress. He smiled.
"Cas."
Now that he knew they were on the same page, Dean could enjoy the warm full feeling of Jimmy's dick in his mouth, the tight wet heat inside him. That was all he had to focus on. He hollowed his cheeks, started to incorporate a handjob into the action. Jimmy’s hands were in his hair, as he drew Dean against him, into his core.
a demon nazi."
Jimmy tilted his head, and looked at him.
"Right, so it’s basically this thing where you stop
"Oh! Um... Congratulations?"
"I'm trying not to freak out like Dad did.”
"Just do whatever feels good."
"You know. Thanks for - thinking of things." Jimmy wriggled under Dean's body. "You weren't kidding about focusing on me." He closed his eyes to breathe in the moment. Reached up to touch one of his new hickeys, a tiny movement like a wince. "Keep going slow. But... keep going?"
He rocked upwards again, seeking out the friction of the fucking fantastic thighs Jimmy kept hidden under that coat when he realized - "Wait. Wait, no. Cas, it's nothing personal, but I'm gonna need to hear from Jimmy first. He definitely said there was some stuff he didn’t want to do when we were talking about boundaries earlier."
Dean smiled.
Cas pulled himself up a little straighter, then looked across the room to where Sam hovered, guarding the door.
"Dean,
For several moments, Dean just held on, and stood there under the warm water.
"I am
It was – it was like Cas was attracting them. They were hovering around him, settling into his hair, and into his clothes. But Cas would have told him, if this was something bad.
"Right now I want you."
Oh. He
Jimmy was clutching his shoulder in a death-grip, as his whole body contracted. He circled against Dean's fingers with movements so small they were like tremors, and the noises he made were noises of effort, close to sobs.
"I know us-this matters. I just...don't have as much confidence in the other thing."
"Uh..." Dean thought, "I remember Zachariah said something ‘bout how Palin bombed some place in Texas? But that wasn't real. Why the hell would I know? Google it." Dean had an excuse. Getting sent to 2014 was going to confuse anyone. "It's 2009 though. I know that much."
Jimmy was breathing hard, sitting with hands on his knees. Cas was placid and unreadable and strange. Dean watched, as their eyes flicked to something in the distance. He felt small. He didn’t know what they were looking at. He was shivering. Jimmy and Cas weren’t.
Dean looked up. He'd been about to snap a leg off the bedside table.
"You asked Castiel to marry you.” Dean didn't have to see Sam's face to know he was smiling. “I cannot
"The thing is- " Jimmy stopped, then started again. "What you’ve got to know
"Huh.” Sam thought about that one. “Good."
"I'm not judging you, but I haven't and that's totally weird, but you're hot so I'm into it."
," Dean gestured between the two of them "right now. Just tell me and I will." Dean paused, waiting for some sign he had permission to continue.
ask for permission later? Because those are different questions."
,” said Sam. “You have never been great at serious romantic relationships, even before Hell, and I would bet money that you are looking at something Cas did, and then thinking
"Thought angels didn't need sleep?"
"Now there's an idea. You were so good to me before, and you know how I feel about your hands." Dean spread his legs further to make his meaning as unambiguous as possible.
to be a problem."
"Pet, it's no matter. Go back under. Your angel was only reminding me that repeated use of the spell I was using could have side effects."
Cas kissed Dean's forehead.
"I'm screwed up. You know that. You saw some of it."
Fumbling with his phone, he called Sam and waited.
"What's it like to be normal? Not going to trade the family I got for anything. But sometimes I wonder, you know?" Dean was still shaking.
"Just a sec." Dean was already coating a finger in lube. "It'll be easier to reach from inside. It just might take a minute."
He wasn't going to let Alastair ruin this for him.
good. If all angels were like this, no wonder Saint Teresa looked like she was having such a good time in that statue.
“Promise." Jimmy leaned up to steal a kiss, a brush of lips.
"It's crazy," he said, rocking against Dean, and his dick. "I've been trying to think, what's your sexiest look? I mean. Seeing those lips wrapped around Cas' cock was pretty good. But you in that
Cas bent down, and scooped Dean up into his arms. Dean yelped in surprise, then laughed. "You’re strong! Keep forgetting you’re this strong!" He looped his arms around Cas' neck and kissed his cheek. "You're like the knight who keeps showing up to rescue me. From Hell, and from cold bathroom tile."
"Okay." He didn't seem disappointed, only peaceful, every muscle relaxed and ready for Dean. "Sometime I'll do this for you. But
He held onto Jimmy's arms, and tried to remember where he was.
Dean was smiling, couldn't have stopped if he tried. "Don't usually do this feelings thing. I mean, I try not to. It's not usually worth it. But this right here," Dean held Cas a little closer, and kissed the absolute mess that they had made of Jimmy's hair. "Worth it. And I’d say that I want to stay like this forever or some other chick flick thing, but I really need to move my leg."
Dean froze. Nothing.
“I’ve frightened you. Do not fear me.
"Oh Dean. You are so good."
said 'fuck you,' hadn't he? He should have said 'fuck off,' or 'go fuck yourself.' They all meant the same thing.
"I might have gotten off to the idea." Dean had been thinking about Cas at the time, but close enough. Same ass. "It's okay if it stays just another fantasy."
Pulling the jacket the rest of the way back on, Dean started over. He'd gotten naked in front of enough people to have a pretty good idea of how to make it look good. Or at least, not boring.
people I know,” Jimmy and Cas were like two kids hiding in a giant trench coat sometimes. “I wear clothes to show off what I’ve got.” There wasn’t really a way to look sexy while fishing a holster out of his pants, so Dean threw it onto the pile of clothes like the world’s least aerodynamic frisbee. “There. Totally unarmed and defenseless.” Glance back at Jimmy. “As far as you know.”
"Look at me."
Jimmy looked up at Cas, direct, intense. And Castiel shifted position, opening his legs and settling Dean between then, pulling him against his chest. Cas reached down to touch the bands of lace that now circled the tops of Dean's thighs, and the snaps on the garters that connected his stockings back up to the corset.
"And I want to ask something, but I think it's too weird."
because apparently I'm just that pathetic, and how I
. I thought so. Smart, too.”
of fun. Jimmy sees him like the trippy part of
"Yes, Daddy." He felt a shiver down his spine this time. The name felt like it fit again. "It's perfect."
"I, um. I think I ah, have a stupid question."
I would love for you to kiss me."
"Hmmm." Jimmy and Cas made eye contact over Dean's head. Jimmy moved his hands over Dean's hips, peeling off his jeans. "... doesn't
“I know you're trying to help, but it's not working." Dean climbed over to lie next to Jimmy. "Nine-to-five office jobs
"Just as you are." One handed, Cas lifted him to slide a pillow under his hips, getting a slightly better angle. "We would look in your eyes, and kiss you. Move your legs apart for us?" Now there were hands on his hips, coaxing. Cas' light, warm touch everywhere. Along his cock, down by his balls, massaging his ass.
"Hey. I know you're doing good," said Jimmy. "But pick a safeword for me, okay?" He touched Dean's knee, through the stocking. "I haven't done this before."
Jimmy looked scandalized.
coming back and Cas' cock hadn't even deflated enough to slide out yet. He turned his towards Cas neck and tried to catch his breath. "Guys? We, uh- I don't-  I don't think I'm done yet.”
“I’m relieved that you’re not dying! And I know, angels don’t die, I don’t care…”
"Yeah. He's here."
Cas looked down at the hand he still had wrapped around his cock, as though he had forgotten about it. Then he looked back up at Dean.
Dean could feel the all consuming
“Hell.”
"Not even a note or a glass of water. Had dirt in my eye for miles. Walked, until I found this old abandoned gas station."
fiancés!"
"I'm sure I have a stupid answer. Ask away."
The "till death do us part" remained unspoken. For now, it could wait. Cas and Jimmy would have each other when the whole mortality thing caught up with him, but he could make the most of the time they had. Besides, the world was ending. They might all die. Or cease to exist, as Cas put it. But Dean... wasn't in a hurry to leave.
"Not exactly?"
be explained by malicious intent."
"Don't know what he wants to do about the name situation." Dean wasn't even bothering with a plate anymore, was just stealing food off of Jimmy's. "Have to ask him. If he wants to go by Novak, that's fine with me."
Well, I hope you enjoyed that! Poor John (not really), and yay Benny for being such a Good Friend. Things will start picking up in the next few chapters, I promise.
"Cas?" He asked tentatively, not daring to believe that the fading memory of the glorious angel who had touched him in Hell was anything more than a fever dream.
Dean sighed. "It isn't that, man." He curled his arms around himself. "It's dad. Something's wrong."
"Now that my son has finally decided to grace us with his presence, we can call this meeting to order," John spoke with an air of distaste directed solely at Dean.
Dean kinda wanted to just snuggle down and stay there.
“Go for it, Whoopi.”
"I asked Jimmy. Cas said yes too. He's a great guy, Sam."
"Good. I want you to stay just like that. Cas is going to get to a good level for you, and he's going to give you his cock. You can suck it, kiss it, play with it. No hands though. Only your lips and mouth and tongue."
"It’ll be worse with Alastair dead. I was his. No one else could touch me. Even Lilith was scared of him."
Cas didn't seem to know what to do with his hands, and reached out to touch Dean's cheek. "My vessel has... no words for you. He only knows he wants. Anything you are willing to give."
Then Cas leaned forward and kissed Dean once, firmly.
"Do you know me, Dean?"
"Gotta make sense of the world somehow. You've got your thing, I've got mine."
Dean tried. Couldn’t find the right words. Or any words at all, really. This was everything he wanted, so much more than he thought he could have. It was overwhelming.
“Yeah.” He was trying to relax but it was so hard. “I think I can do this. I want to. It’s just… If I can’t, you’ll know it’s not your fault, right?” Nervous swallow. “I mean, I'm pretty sure I can. It's just that it'd be really fucking embarrassing if I can't."
Cas nodded. Then made a movement with his shoulders that could have been a stretch, except angels didn't stretch. Locked eyes with Dean, reached out. Three layers of cotton and corduroy separated him from the red handprint he’d burned into Dean’s shoulder as he dragged him out of Hell. The hand felt right in a way Dean didn't question too closely, and those eyes – looking into them for too long gave him the same reckless joy he got sitting behind the wheel of his Baby, flooring it down a long stretch of road.
“I was on the wrestling team in high school,” Jimmy said, panting. He looked impossibly smug. “Junior year, we won regionals.”
"Of course," said Cas, kissing Dean's wrist. "So beautiful and gentle, these hands which have brought me such pleasure, which unspooled me into nothing and would not hurt me then."
"It's hard for him to talk right now," said Jimmy.
Cas nodded. "Is there a ..." He paused for a good six seconds, looking for a word he liked. "...
"You gotta know. I'm not some cool BDSM daddy. Or the light at the end of the tunnel. Or even all that good a person."
"Or you could fuck me,” said Dean, as he held Jimmy close. “I just... I didn't know if I could do this, that's all. And I can. Thank G- Sorry Cas. Thank
"Jimmy, is Cas listening? Tell me he's listening."
was to bask in the afterglow and cuddle Cas. "Maybe that’s not such a great idea? I mean, I'm not exactly out yet. And it doesn't sound like you’re talking just a tiny nibble."
"Dean Winchester, what is... is this…”
"Most people just use the door."
"I am sorry,” said Cas, after a long pause. “This is not the time to talk to my vessel about his family. He is afraid if he speaks to you at this moment, he may start to cry. I gave him a few images of your time in Hell."
"I think maybe we should start slower? Make out maybe, and see where that goes? Most of this stuff - I mean, sure sex is nice, really nice, but it's the part where you stay afterwards that's important.” Dean abruptly stopped talking as he ran back through their conversation. "Wait. Did you just say what I think you said?"
"Yeah, well, 'don't ever leave, I don't want to wake up alone' is definitely proposal talk."
"Cas?" Dean held his hand out. He didn't remember what happened to the lube, but this was his dream. Cas would have it because Dean decided he would. "It's not fancy massage oil, but it'll do."
Him. And Him.
Subconsciously, Dean smooths his tongue over his own teeth. Grimacing as he thinks how painful that must have been for Castiel.
“Whose cock is in your ass?” Asks Castiel moving back and forth slowly, his eyes glinting as Dean winces against the burn.
"Well..." Said Lisa sneakily "It's actually an open buffet tonight, so you can just go nuts, but I will buy a proper thank you burger another time"
Bonjour =D What’s going on here then? Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh KISS KISS KISS
The next few weeks are slow and tedious. Sam doesn’t leave Castiel alone with Dean, so he never gets a chance to talk to him on his own. After learning what had happened to him, Dean decided that recovering his lost memories, was not a priority and he refuses to speak to a therapist about anything more than learning to accept that he has lost time. The therapist warns Dean that over time, his subconscious may begin to unlock what happened to him in the form of dreams… or rather nightmares.
“Pancakes,” Said Ellen.
Castiel shouts out, some kind of angry, undecipherable roar… He charges after Sam and the vampires with his angel blade gripped painfully tight in his hand. He shouts Sam's name, but he knows… he just knows, with that wound, even if the vampires left Sam alone now... Sam would bleed out in a matter of seconds. He scours the cave for a few minutes, he listens carefully for any sign that Sam made it…
Dean tried to think, but his ass was heating up with prickly pain, then it came to him. “For me to be happy.” Dean internally rolled his eyes, ‘Do I fucking look happy?’.
Dean is shaking his head, muttering an unbroken string of "No-no-no-no..."
Dean frowned slightly “Why didn’t you report it?”
Charlies face screwed up as though she'd been slapped "Wait! What? Why wouldn't you tell him?"
Because you jerked off before you came out, yeah I know…
Castiel is sweating and panting, each push now brings him closer and closer to that edge and he wants to cross it, to dive into the ecstasy that he knows awaits him just on the other side. He wants to feel that thrill of ownership, that feeling of the claim. Dean is his. No one else will ever lay eyes on him again. Castiel will keep him, sheltered, fed and fucked. He thrusts again, curling himself into Dean as far as he can go, bathing his mind in the howl that Dean releases, just for him to hear. His hands are holding Dean’s shoulders down, Castiel loves that Dean tries to fight, tries to throw him off, it just turns him on even more, how strong Dean is.
"You, Charlie Bradbury - are so predictable sometimes!" he laughed as he walked over to her to see what she had written in the message.
It seemed like a split second before Dean's reply came through 'I will call you in five'
A comfortable silence turned the night into morning and the brothers stirred and set off back toward the bunker.
Balthazar was taking another step towards him, catching his eyes and holding his gaze "I am sorry. You have to forgive me and let me make it up to you..."
Balthazar took a step towards Castiel "It’s over, I never wanted you to find out, but you did and I am sorry. Hurting you was not something I ever wanted to do. It was a meaningless mistake and I realized how stupid I had been being at that dinner last week when Dean Winchester was making a fool out of you, It made me so angry with him and then at myself..."
“Next… How about the zoo?”
Castiel smoothed the tip of his tongue around the ribbed edge of the head of Dean's cock, feeling it's fleshy heat filling his mouth as he sucked and licked at it. Hearing Dean's breathy moans above him was turning him on so much that his own dick was beginning to fill again.
"Not that, that has anything to do with you anymore, but I will move if I have to. Now GET OUT" Castiel was now glaring at Balthazar, all he could see was him hitting Garth, and Charlie and kicking Dean on the floor. He didn’t want to be anywhere near this man anymore "I mean it, Balthazar, fuck off!"
Shit. I forgot Mick too…20
"That was quick." he said softly, grinning as he saw he already had a reply from 'Shopboy'.
She smiled at him, pleased by the compliment "Thank you. Well, I hope you both have an enjoyable evening" She gave them a polite nod and smile before turning away to greet someone else.
This time, when the door to the kill room swings open with an eerie creaking sound, Dean sees that the table thing he’d been bent over before was moved to the side of the room and in its place was a single wooden chair.
Castiel’s face breaks with emotion and pain, his fingers grip tighter onto Dean’s and his eyes close with a heavy sigh, “I love you too, of course I do. Which is why I wish you would be more careful. I couldn’t bear it if anything happened to you, Dean.”
Today, Castiel had helped Dean bathe, he’d helped him into his suit, straightening his tie for him and telling him how handsome he looked.
“You’re so fucking hot Cas, I can’t seem to stop thinking about you”
Lisa nodded as she sipped her coffee.
Castiel relaxed, Charlie always could cheer him up without even trying. He considered for a moment, "Face masks sure, pillow fights... Nah - we both know you'd kick my ass."
He jerks forward, his wrists straining against the cuffs on them which have started to rub painfully. The buzzing clicks down to the lowest setting again and Dean falls back into a more relaxed position. His chest is rising and falling rapidly now and he can feel drops of sweat running down his forehead from his hairline and soaking into the blindfold over his eyes.
Oh… I need to pee…
"Deanie weenie, pudding, and pie
The body on top of him moves, the weight leans forward. Dean splutters thickly and gasps as the winds crushed out of his lungs.
Dean groaned, "Don't you dare fucking stop."
Castiel stared at the radio with bated breath. Not knowing what he is hoping to hear, if Dean wakes up, he’d surely give him up to the police… If Dean died...
"Thank you. Please, help yourself to any food, and it's also a free bar" She added before turning to Castiel and holding out her hand "Hello, I'm Lisa Braedon"
You want to switch? Right? You want to be fucked by Dean?
“She got off lightly”
He could hear Cas panting in between their kiss, the man’s body trembling as Dean continued his assault through the material. It didn’t take long to bring the angel's cock to full staff and for the fabric to become scratchy from the all precum that had been leaking. Gasping at the cool air when Dean retrieved him from the folds of the front, he was relieved when the hunter's hand took control again, the hand smoothing over the velvet skin.
"I do like your dress, but that's only one aspect of it...
“I’m in Dean’s Head…”
The cute doctors face flashed before his mind for a moment, but he disregarded the thought before it had time to plant itself in his mind. He pulled out his phone and text Charlie asking her if she had sent him flowers.
;-) Let the games… begin.
“Damn it Gabriel,” hissed Sam, “I can never un-see this you know?”
“There are cognitive therapies that have been used in helping people regain memories they’ve lost, your brother may want to look into that if and when he feels ready…” The doctor looks away for a moment, then he looks back at Sam with a disturbed look on his face, “In your brothers case though, I’m not sure that is something that I would advise, he’s lost the last few months of his memory, he doesn’t remember being taken or anything that happened to him while he was being held… I made the collection of forensic evidence in your brothers case myself, your brother's abuse was physical in both that it was violent and sexual… That may not be something he wishes to remember.”
And so it had gone on, every time Dean had done something that pleased Castiel he’d been rewarded. A radio, a portable DVD player. When he’d first said ‘morning’ back to Castiel, he was allowed to have the ropes on his hands removed if he had his feet chained together with the door locked, he could move around the room but only slowly. It had been a little weird when he’d sucked a piece of chocolate from Castiel’s fingers but being gifted his favorite pie for dinner the following day made it seem worth it.
"Oh Charlie," He said sadly "Jesus..."
Dean felt a small pang in his chest at the admission. His throat suddenly felt like the Sahara desert as he attempted to swallow that statement.
“Am I here?”
Benny smiled "Yeah, it's OK Castiel, you don't owe me anything. I noticed the way he keeps looking at you, and how he reacted to me..." Benny Laughed "I don't blame either of you... Especially not him... I just wish you'd given me a chance before you started to like him... But hey, you have my number... If you ever do want to grab that drink.. call me..." He downed his drink impressively quickly before adding "Right, well... I'm going to scoot off home. It was great to see you again Cas. Night" Benny leaned forward and kissed Castiel's cheek softly before moving away, leaving Castiel completely flustered and speechless.
Sam frowns as his eyes dart from his father to Balthazar, he plants his feet a little firmer, blocking Balthazar from the door.
The words are quiet but firm and Castiel feels them inside himself like floodwater rising. Filling him, spreading warmth through him. Two little words and he’s beating down the arousal flaring inside him. He can’t spoil this, he needs to respond carefully, he needs to give something back to Dean.
“Alright ladies and gentle-ladies, it’s time for the main event, please put your hands together for Miss Dee Chester.”
Castiel glares at him. His chest rising and falling with his anger. Dean looks back at him over his shoulder, his nervous expression is fearful but does nothing to dull Castiel’s rage. The first smack comes as a shock and Dean winces, his hips jerking forward into the mattress.
But Dean doesn’t answer him. Dean is already gone, his open eyes are hauntingly staring up at Castiel. Dean’s lips are parted slightly and the echoes of his last confession whisper in the winds around them. Castiel’s scream sends waves of power oscillating from his chest, where his heart is breaking, shattering from something hole and full of love, to something cracked and dying. The power waves boom out, larger and larger as he lowers his forehead to Dean’s and sobs… His rain of sadness splattering across Dean’s face… As he mutters out to him, over and over…
Castiel frowned at his friends and turned back to the stage to watch Dean, his heart fluttered with warmth that Dean had gone to all this trouble to do something for him, even if he’d misunderstood, the thought behind was all that mattered to Castiel. It was so sweet and Castiel would definitely be showing Dean how much he appreciated it when he got him home, glitter be damned.
Smack.
What? No. Ah, forget it!
Castiel has spent the day writing. He wanted to get a draft to Lisa as soon as he could, the money from the shop wouldn’t last forever and he needed an income soon. Around four in the afternoon, he stops writing and puts his laptop on to charge. He starts cleaning up and getting ready for Charlie’s visit.
“Yeah, course…”
"You’re insane," Dean says without thinking, “You can't keep me here forever.”
Dean holds on to Balthazar as he gets to his feet, bringing up a knee and slamming it into his side. Balthazar’s lets out an ‘oof’ and bends slightly forward, which is when Dean releases his wrist and gets his hands around his neck, the chain from his cuffs pressing into Balthazar’s throat and making him cough. Dean brings his face barely an inch from Balthazar’s, looking deeply into his eyes and pouring all his hatred into him through them…
So, instead of plucking up some courage and just speaking to Dean, here he was working on the list of ‘true love’ gifts. Where the hell was he going to find ‘Ten Lords a Leaping’? And ‘Eight Maids a Milking’ was problematic, did that mean he had to bring eight cows too? Or maybe goats - he reasoned. The poem wasn’t specific and goats can be milked, easier to transport than cows too.
Sam frowns “Aren’t you the storybook lady?”
Cas sighed, thinking and then flicked his eyes up from Dean’s chest to look deeply into the hunter's concerned features. He uttered his challenge in his husky voice, daring the hunter to make his move, "You never gave it a chance to start, Dean."
“It’s likely that I will spend the rest of my life behind bars, for what I’ve done to Dean…” Castiel lifts his hands, bringing one to rest over Balthazar’s mouth pressing down firmly and he grips the man’s nose with the other, as Balthazar’s eyes seem to pop with panic and his arms pull uselessly against the cuffs holding them to the bed frame, Castiel smiles and speaks quieter still, though his voice is still laced with loathing, “but you? You’re going to hell, right now.”
The usual slam of the bunker door closing, as the brothers passed over the threshold, was drowned out in a sea of screams and cheers. For a moment Dean’s hand flicked over to his gun, before his eyes caught up with what his ears were telling him… They were here. They were all here.
“Cas? I thought you’d be happy, why are you crying?”
“Yeah… You are.”
Castiel hears the soft click of the door behind him closing and he steps into the room towards Sam.
Dean could hardly believe it, it was such a simple, yet perfect offer. All the empty had ever cared about was sleep, it just wanted peace and quiet and Jack had offered it that. It’s very own heaven, it was genius. He could hardly believe it, Cas was back, needing that confirmation one last time he asked, “So, you're safe then?”
In true Dean Winchester fashion, he had been sulking about it (rather than doing anything about it) since he’d found out. He’d noticed over the past few days how often Castiel would sit on his phone, smiling to himself as he replied to whatever cringe worthy texts that slimeball Dale had sent him. Dean would never admit to peeking over the angel’s shoulder that one time, and nearly scoffing out loud at the winky face emoji Dale had sent him and the…
"I've not e-mailed him back yet. I'll do it later. Why are you asking about Halloween anyway?"
Sam hadn't been able to argue with that, they would have hired more part-time staff for the Christmas rush anyway, this way they saved money in the short term on training.
Dean peered around the room inside... Then took a step back, frozen. Sam looked at him "Well?" He asked
"Ah, shit..." gasped out Dean, his hand reaching for Castiel's hair to scratch his nails lightly against his scalp, "I've thought about this, thought about you sucking me... It's so much hotter than I could even imagine."
"Well... he kicked you while you were down... I wouldn't call that win.." Castiel cut off suddenly, thinking of how he had left the bar and that 'Win67' was meant to be joining them "Shit..."
“You know I love fucking you, it’s amazing and you’re incredible… but…”
“This is too dangerous, Dean.” mumbles Castiel, “you risk too much, coming here.”
Balthazar was sweating freely now, beads of it trickled from his hairline, down to his neck. His face was pale, he looked shaky and he flinched noticeably as John stood up. John took a step toward him, locking eyes with him and pouring all his disdain of the man into him through that hard glare.
Castiel shushes him gently, “I know that you tried to kill Dean. I know what you did to him, I saw the bedroom afterward and I know you thought that getting rid of him would somehow seal me to you forever… but it doesn’t matter why you did what you did. What matters is…that you failed.”
Castiel bites his lower lip between his teeth… “How perfect of you to save yourself for me… You would be only mine.”
Dean thrashes from side to side as Castiel puts the blindfold over his eyes. He feels Castiel put the cock ring around his flaccid member, then to his surprise Castiel runs his hands down the back of his legs, until he reaches the buckles at his ankles, he undoes them one at a time and Dean carefully stands up, his ass is still hot and sore from where the paddle had hit and it smarts as he straightens up.
"Castiel never complains." He heard Dean say to his brother after Sam had scorned him once again for treating the angel poorly.
- HE WANTS TO WHAT? No, no, no… I’m a top. I’ve always, always, been a top…
“What’s up?”
Charlie starts work at Winchester Books.
A shout of desperation and cut off mid-sentence he suspected… Without hesitating he turned back to the opened the handle and ran in. He sees Castiel sinking down against the wall to the floor, clutching his stomach. Balthazar has turned to face he, his fist still clenched from hitting Castiel…
Ah well, maybe I will get chance to speak to him, shit free, tomorrow.
“Fuck” He muttered out loud. He scratched his neck and began trying to come up with a reply, that didn’t feel like a lie.
Mary smiled at her son. John said, "Is Castiel still here?"
Meg had been on her to 'The Triangle' to meet Charlie and her friends. She stopped as she reached the street, there were two men fighting.. and Charlie was on the ground, her face splattered with blood...
Maybe saving the geese and kidnaping all these people would kind of even out his karma? He’d let the people go again afterwards anyway, so if anything, his karma should be good, right? He decided not to dwell on it, opting instead on finding some dancing ladies.
Castiel shook his head “I just… Never mind. Go on, you were saying?”
A note from Dean's Asshole...
When he reaches his room, he smiles, his bed is rumpled and his sheets are soaked in that coconut smell that he adores. Castiel kept his word about sleeping in his bed. The thought makes the possessive sleeping beast within him awaken and uncurl.
Dean stared down at the bunch of keys in his hand. They caught the fading sunlight and glinted as though greeting him. His car key, a spare key to Sam’s, his house key… and of course, Castiel’s. He took a deep breath as he opened the door of the impala and climbed out, he glanced up at the house while he shut and locked the car door.
Dean and Sam talked a while longer before wandering down into the store to see how the set up was coming along, the shop was all but ready, it was now just being organized by the new staff they had hired.
Dean turned to Luke and snarled, "He said no."
Meanwhile, in a small flat across town
"You wouldn't care?" Asked Dean - not sure he wanted to use his sexuality to sell books.
Dean shakes his head vehemently.
to you? Well, I didn't see your name on it... So, if you're not going to fuck me. I'll go and find someone who will." says Castiel confidently.
“We could go and explore a bit…”
Castiel wants Dean, his crotch… wants you… We just have to get them together again... I have a plan but to make it work, I’m going to need your help…
"I'll text Balthazar and ask him if he would mind me going out with friends on Friday night then," Said Castiel "You're free on Friday too?" He added looking at Garth.
“Haven’t you learned to mind your own business yet, Winchester?” Snarls Balthazar stumbling slightly as he steps towards Dean.
“Are you going to kill me?” asks Dean, his worried eyes burning with tears as the feeling of pain in his rear returns to him.
Dean swallows, meeting Castiel’s eyes with an emotional expression, “I missed you, Cas…” he shakes his head, “Like… so fucking much.”
"What else do you want me to put?" asked Castiel.
"You spend most of your time, pointing out my flaws, my weaknesses..." Castiel sighs sadly "I never complain, because I would rather hear your voice, insulting me... That not hear your voice at all"
“Aren’t you meant to be in work?” Asked Castiel suspiciously but stepping out of the way for Garth to enter. He relocked the door and turned to his friend.
So, Sam had lost Eileen, he had lost Cas and they had both lost Jack. It was just the two of them, driving back from Eileen's. They stop for the evening in a field, deciding to take their first ever night staring up into the sky, their first night under the stars, looking up - with no one looking down on them. Chuck is gone, they are finally free… so, why did it still feel like losing?
“I was wondering if… you’d like to fuck me tonight?”
You know, you wound me when you doubt my love for you. I can no longer imagine my life without you, please… don’t ever forget that. I need you. I’ll always be the one who pounds you deep and raises you to heaven.
“Dude, pie” Said Dean holding out a large pecan pie toward his brother as he stepped into Sam’s house.
Benny laughed at her "I'm doctor Lafitte" He said extending a hand to Castiel.
"Hey, Dean," Sam clearly hadn't noticed, "We will be about half an hour. Do you have a plan?"
“When he likes you?” Questions Sam “That’s a bit…”
“Hmm,” Sam pressed his lips together “You sure you know what you’re doing?”
"I'm glad you're both here, there's something I wanted to ask you," He said before turning to Garth "You are feeling better today?"
SHUT UP.  SHUT UP. SHUT UP
Me Me Me Me Me
Garth smiled and swallowed, walking as calmly as he could manage towards her, trying not to rush and not to keep her waiting at the same time he managed an awkward shuffling movement toward her.
‘Harsh, but understandable I guess’ thought Dean. "Thank you," He said, hoping he sounded calmer than he felt. He could feel his face heating up and hoped that his cheeks weren’t flaming red, that would be sure to give him away.
The stranger cocked his head to the side as he stared at Dean, his eyebrows knitted together in the most perplexing stare Dean had ever seen. Lee walked up next to him. "Lemme get you some ice for your hand. If that dude's skull is as thick as it looked, you're probably hurting pretty bad." He walked behind the bar and began filling a small bag with ice. "Oh, and your next drink is on me. Dean may not know how to actually say thank you but, we aren't all as uncivilized."
Dean relives the first memory in the puzzle of his soul and is deeply affected by its implication.
Dean was suddenly very uncomfortable. "Yeah, but it's not something I'm generally first in line for, Cas" he said.
“You are my sunshine, my only sunshine…”
Despite what others say it gets no easier with time.
him smile in earnest.
Their voices keep me tossing, turning, sweating in my bed.
"Yeah, I uh, I was gonna tell you, Sammy," Dean said, scratching the back of his head idly. "I talked to Rowena tonight. She gave me some intel on the family."
He looked around. He could see his brothers and sisters engaged in various skirmishes throughout the cavern, flashes of grace and screaming demons telling him where the rest of the host was fighting. He wondered for a moment if any had been lost, before a voice pulled him back to the moment.
"Castiel..." he said, "you don't know what will happen if you pass through those flames. Angels were not made to enter Hell. Our forces are weakened as it is. Many of our comrades have fallen and we are not as strong here as we are above." Uriel looked solemnly at Castiel. "Perhaps...perhaps Father was mistaken? Perhaps you misunderstood His will..." His eyes pleaded silently with his brother not to continue, to return with him to heaven, to leave the soul of the Righteous Man to suffer.
Castiel glared at the man in front of him. He didn't even want to be saved. As Castiel opened his mouth the say something, to tell the man he could remain here in hell and burn for his sins for the rest of eternity, the man's eyes changed again. They returned to that glorious green and looked at Castiel with pain and fear.
"Please...Cas...help me. I gave in, I gave up. I couldn't take it anymore, I...I took his offer. I came down off the rack." Tears began to spill out from the corners of the man's eyes as he clutched at Castiel desparate ly clinging to the angel. "I'm becoming like them. I can't stop it. Please...take me home. I gotta get back to Sammy...please..." His eyes flashed back to black again and he smirked, letting out a bellowing cry that shook the very bones of Castiel's frame.
"Dean," Castiel said to no one in particular. It was like he was testing the name, rolling it around on his tongue to see how it felt, and when he let it loose from behind is lips in that low growl of a voice, Dean felt his knees wobble, making him very thankful for the stool under him.
They stood upon a precipice, high above an endless pit of swirling fire and darkness. The smell of blood and burning flesh and hot metal assaulted his nostrils, and he would later recall that smell and it would bring him to feel anger and fear. Around him, his angels too were struck by the agony that surrounded them. Gazing into the pit, they could see the souls if humans, forever damned to eternal torment being made to suffer as they were slowly flayed open by the demons and other denizens of the darkness.
"What's the catch?" Castiel asked suspiciously. He didn't trust this demon any more than the rest, probably less actually.
"Yes, mother," Dean said through his smirk. He squeezed her shoulder assuringly and looked at his father. I will make you proud, he thought.
“No…no! Cas?!” Dean shook him, trying to wake the angel in his arms as a low rumble approached. But Castiel would not wake. “No…” He whispered. He buried his head into Cas’ chest and sobbed violently.
"Somehow, that doesn't surprise me." Said Billie. Dean glowered at her. She turned to address his mother. "I have to return to the hospital. I'll send a nurse by in a few hours to check on him. If any of these machines readings change from what I've noted here, call me immediately. You have my number." Mary nodded, and Billie swept out of the room, shutting the door behind her without so much as a glance at Sam or Dean.
Castiel increased his pace. So that was the real catch. He'd have to stay ahead of Alastair and his roving band of evil,  as well as not upset any other souks or demons along the way. He sighed, holding his injured arm close to his chest. At least he wouldn't have to attempt a battle with such a large group of demons all at once.
The sound of a car horn brought him back to reality, pulling him out of his nostalgic reverie and into the moment. He looked down at his dress shoes, sparkling in the neon lights against the damp pavement, and smiled. If there was one thing Dean Winchester knew how to do, it was dress to impress. His father had instilled in him that first impressions were important at a very young age, and how a man looks could change the direction of any transaction.
. The name rang in his ears. He composed himself and managed to shake the man's hand before withdrawing his own and lifting his glass.
"Dean!" Cain exclaimed, turning around and pulling him into a rib-crushing hug. "I didn't think you were gonna show! Everyone else is already here."
"You wanna come over for a beer?" Sam asked casually.
"You think he's cute, and you wanna feed him shots until he's drunk enough to let you blow him behind the dumpsters at Antoni's on 64th St." Lee raised an eyebrow as Dean choked on his mouthful of beer.
"Yes, actually." He turned back to face the bar. "Most people don't get that the first try."
Dean cleared his throat after their brief moment of silence and broke the building awkwardness between them. "Yeah, well, uh, I guess I'm special after all aren't I? Hey, how am I even talking to you right now?" He asked. "I mean, if my soul is as broken as you say it is, and I know my physical body got ripped to shreds by those hell hounds when I died, how come you and I can talk?"
Dean stood inside infinity. It was warmth and comfort and safety, the likes of which he had never felt. It was a sense of peace he hadn't known since he was four years old and his mother held him over Sam's crib to kiss him goodnight, and his father lifted him up in his arms and tucked him into his own bed. It was Hey Jude, and tomato and rice soup, and the warm leather of the impala's seats as the scent of Midwest hay fields drifted through her open windows on a warm summer breeze…
"Alright, woah, Cas..." Dean cut him off. "You've never actually done this before, have you?"
Dean huffed in frustration. "Yeah, well, still. He should have saved her instead. None of the other crap that happened to me in my miserable life would have been as bad if she'd been there."
"Oh, is Sam freaking Winchester scared of a few Jersey boys?" Dean snarked at his brother, punching him in the arm playfully. "I'll be fine. Besides, it's Lee's bar. I'm basically royalty there."
"In every other version of earth I've ever made, The Winchester Saga ends in tragedy. Sometimes you all die, sometimes Dean is left to wander the earth alone, sometimes I send you all to different places to suffer alone for eternity. Depends on my mood...but, like I said, the ending is never perfect. And so I thought, what am I doing wrong?! Why can't I get this right?! And then it hit me. I'm forcing the plot. A truly great author lets their characters write themselves. So, what better way to test that out than to let the hero write the ending?"
Mingling with the cacophony of restless souls was the unmistakable noise of laughter. Sick, nasal, and high pitched, but there nontheless, Castiel's stomach began to turn at what that meant; the demons in this circle of Hell were not just mindless monsters performing the tasks of torture for no reason, they were enjoying the destruction of souls. They were laughing at the pain they could inflict. His heart broke. Would the soul of the Righteous Man even be able to be saved if it was these demons that had been torturing him for all this time? How broken would he have become?
"Don't! Don't you dare tell me how I'm supposed to react to that, Cas!" Dean roared at him through the waves connecting their consciousness. "I just relived the most horrible thing that's ever happened to me in perfect detail, and you want me to try and what? Tough through it? Bite me. You angel douchebags can't know how it feels, to lose your mom like that." Dean tried to pull himself together, to maintain control of what little of himself he could grasp at in his incorporeal form, and found there was slightly more of it there than last time. Something more tangible to latch onto that was definable as him.
“You make me happy, when skies are grey…”
Castiel balked at the confidence of this demon. He had to remind himself that he had no dominion over Hell, and angels did not descend this far into the realm of darkness. He was alone, out numbered, and not at full power.
"Mom? Sam?" It was late, and, under normal circumstances, he would never have disturbed the silence.
"Novak, huh? What is that, Serbian?" He grinned at the surprised look that crossed the face of the other man.
"Nevermind." Castiel said. "It is irrelevant. What's important is putting you together again. I believe we have found the secret to our success."
God smiled "Man is still young. They are infants in the span of the universe I have created. And so you will watch over them. You will love them as the children that they are and you will keep them safe, but you shall not interfere, for that would defeat the purpose of free will. They cannot know for certain that angels exist, for your true forms are too great for them to behold. You will observe them, learn their ways, and come to feel love for them as you feel love for me. Now go, my angels. Gaze upon them and love."
"Out," Dean stated. "Celebrating on your behalf."
"Sandover?" Castiel questioned. "The steel distributor?"
Dean shrugged and twisted his fork idly in his pasta, hoping she would get to the point before it got cold. Sam continued to address her. "What's the problem, Bela?"
He began to walk through the swirling mass of energy, hand still on the hilt of his blade fastened at his hip, following the call of the Righteous Man's soul that still pulled at his heart. His arm was still injured from the encounter with the demon fang, and while no longer ripped and bleeding, it still pained him. He dared not use more of his grace to try and heal himself. While repairing the burned flesh of his hands had been nothing, attempting to reverse the damage done by demon fangs and venom was entirely different, and he worried he would not have enough grace to fight, let alone return home if he attempted it.
"Bullcrap."
with me!
He assembled his forces and marched through the gates of Hell.
Dean wasted no time. "The Novaks." He said. "Who are they?"
"Dean." Sam appeared at the top of the grand staircase. "Benny got you here fast." A deep crease decorated his forehead, and dark circles hung under his eyes. His long hair, usually well kept, was sticking up on one side as though he had been running his hand through it for hours.
Dean could hear the sirens of the fire trucks approaching, he could feel the cold November air stinging his toes, but all he could focus on was the soft cooing of the baby in his arms, and the heaving sobs from his father's chest as they sat down on the hood of their car across the street.
"Just a water for now, darlin'," he said. He could feel the whiskey from Lee's slowly soaking into his brain, clouding his judgement.
He had done it. He had traveled into Hell, defeated legions of demons beside his brothers, passed through the Judgement Fires,  confronted the demon Alastair, and pulled the Righteous Man from the pit before he had broken completely and become a fully formed demon. His elation and relief and happiness were so strong that he cast it across the link, extending his raw emotion to his brethren with the cry of one sentence that could be heard far and wide across the reaches of the universe, by all angels, fallen or otherwise.
"Heart attack." Said a smooth voice from the other side of the bed. Dean snapped his head around and spotted a woman examining one of the machines that snaked tendrils of fluid into his father's lifeless form. "Your father's in a coma as a result of cardiac arrest induced hypoxia." She scribbled something on her clipboard. Her sterile white coat stood in stark contrast to the umber glow of her complexion, the seriousness of her face softened by the low light of the room.
The sound of chairs scraping back from the table filled the small dining room as the Winchesters and their associates made to leave. They passed the other patrons, enjoying their meals and trying obviously not to stare as the finely dressed men and women filed out the front door, thanking Cain with handshakes and smiles as they left.
Castiel frowned. "He has been absent from Heaven for a very long time. Longer than the memory of man can stretch. The angels...they haven't really done much 'watching over' people since his departure."
"What are you talking about?" Asked Cas, and Chuck grinned. He reached behind him onto a shelf and held up another photograph. This one was just Dean and Cas, together. Cas had a wide grin on his face and his arm once again wrapped tightly around Dean's waist. Dean held a bottle of champagne in his hand, which presumably is what the two of them were drenched in. His other arm was wrapped tightly around the back of Cas' neck, and Dean was kissing him firmly on the cheek.
Dean laughed. "Ain't that the truth." They turned to go back inside, and Dean spied the mysterious stranger as he picked up a stool that had fallen over in the scuffle, cradling his right hand against his chest.
Would his pupils blow wide with desire and blackout that gorgeous blue if Dean touched him in just the right way? What would his already messy hair look like after having had fingers run through it a few times? How would Dean's name sound, groaned and gasped, in that rough voice, made deeper by lust? What would those chapped, pink lips look like slick with spit, wrapped around his -
Sam stepped closer to Dean and quickly looked over his shoulder before shoving his hand into his pocket and producing a small black velvet box. "I was going to wait until tomorrow, but I can't help myself." He said, opening the box. Inside was a beautiful diamond engagement ring. The center stone was massive and cut into the shape of a teardrop. On each side were two smaller diamonds, surrounded by a cluster of sparkling rubies. "I'm gonna ask Jess to marry me."
Castiel surged forwards, his wings carrying him towards the fires of Hell, towards the agony of souls. He let out a bellowing cry of power as his host of angels entered the cavern of the pit and was struck by the heat and pain and depth of it all.
Dean was silent. How could someone know the answer to a question like that?
He staggered out into the alley again and rubbed his hands together to stave off the rapidly cooling September night. He thought about calling Benny for a ride. The Winchester bodyguard could always be relied upon to answer his phone at any hour and never say no to Dean. He pulled his phone out of his pocket and frowned. The screen displayed several missed calls from Sam and a few from his mother. He grinned widely. They were probably calling him to chastise him for not being present for Sam's proposal.
Sam sounded like he was speaking through a tub of water. "It's Dad. You need to get home."
He made his way past the kitchen, stopping briefly to say hello to Cain, clapping him on the shoulder.
He reacted in an instant, ducking below the man's outstretched arms and coming up under his knees to flip him over his back towards Lee. He heard the man hit the ground with a thud as Lee reached down and heaved him back up into the edge of the bar. Dean turned just in time to see the other man following his partner towards him, arms reaching out like some great ape. He didn't have the forewarning or space to execute the same move, and so he simply ducked out of reach. As the man's arms closed above his head, he heard the unmistakable sound of a fist colliding with a nose as the cartilage and bone crunched under the force. Glancing to his right, he saw the trenchcoated stranger land a blow directly into the second assailant's face and smiled to himself.
Dean smiled to himself, thinking of the ring currently sitting in Sam's pocket. Jess would be an excellent addition to the family. Her parents were both high profile talent agents on Broadway with a lot of influence there and in Hollywood. There had never been a reason for the Winchesters to get into theatre, but he knew they wouldn't turn down the opportunity if Jess said yes to Sam tonight. His smile faltered slightly. It had been a long time since Dean had been as happy as Sam was now. His last relationship had been with Lisa Braeden, and that had only lasted a few months. She had a young son, Ben, who Dean still saw on occasion, but he had left when things had started to get really serious. He wasn't going to drag someone else's kid into this mafioso life. It wasn't his place.
The bartender smiled coyly and extended her hand for him to shake. "Pamela." She said.
"Uh, yeah, one second. Why don't you go ahead with Mom and Dad? I'll meet you at the car." Sam said. He rubbed his hand across her shoulders and leaned down to kiss her sweetly. Jess cast one more smile at Dean before turning back down the sidewalk to where Mary and John stood waiting.
The two men in front of him hesitated slightly before one of them let out a yell and charged towards Dean.
"Where am I?" he asked again. "Why can't I see? Why can't I move?"
John lay on the bed, tubes and machines that had never before occupied the room's space hooked to his arms. A plastic mask secured over his face pumped oxygen to his lungs as the rhythmic beep of the heart monitor ticked away the seconds of his life. Jess sat in a chair next to the bed, her arm wrapped around Mary's slumped shoulders. They rose as the brothers entered, and Jess immediately threw her arms around Sam's waist, burying her head in his chest as he stroked her hair tenderly. Dean rushed to his father's side.
, reblog this post, maybe even give a cheeky follow ;)
"So, it's settled," Mary exclaimed, rubbing her hands together. "Dean, Sam, you two will go to the art auction with Jess and try to identify at least one member of the Novak family."
"The demon pieces held your soul together long enough for me to save you, but they weren't really a part of you,  and therefore they could not be saved...when I cast them out, your true soul, everything that is you, shattered into a thousand fragments. I was able to bring them all together, but..." he paused again. "You are broken, Dean. I have not yet rebuilt you. I can, I will, but it's going to take time. It requires me to manually put you back together using my own grace as glue. I did not realize it would be this arduous of a task, nor that you would be so thoroughly shattered. I am sorry, Dean."
"I want...I want to be happy…" He said, eyes slipping shut in the warm glow of The Everything that surrounded him.
And Castiel smiled. He closed his eyes and tried harder to draw the breathes that wouldn’t come. He shook as he coughed and sputtered through the blood that was slowly filling his mouth and lungs. And he tired desperately to hang on.
"Dean Winchester is saved!"
Does wanting more from life mean every second has to count?
Chuck smiled and laid his hand over Dean's heart. He could feel every emotion that Dean had ever felt. Every burden, every heartbreak, every fleeting moment of joy, every happy memory. Every desire Dean's heart had ever dared to dream of was laid bare before Chuck's eyes, and he knew exactly the world to create for him.
“C'mon Cas, stay with me man! You do not get to give up this easily. Sam’s coming back, he’s on his way. We’ll get you home and fix you up and take care of you, same as you always have for us. You are not gonna die. Not like this, not here.”
"Your parents invited us over to look over the blueprints of the new hotel, honey." She said. "Dean, will you be joining us?"
Dean choked out a weak laugh as tears started to fall involuntarily from his eyes. “Okay Cas, okay.”
"Well, I suppose it's his well-muscled arms, his gorgeous hair, his tall, strong physique..." She mused, sipping her drink with a smirk.
"Whenever one of you Winchesters gets that
And then Chuck was gone, and Dean was filled with the sensation of falling. When he dared to finally open his eyes again, he was no longer standing in that bright, light filled place, but instead, on the porch of a small house.
Dean didn't realize he had turned to watch him leave until he heard Lee speak. He spun around to see a knowing smirk plastered across his face and rolled his eyes.
He reached the bottom of the pit and realized he was alone. The rest of his garrison was either still engaging above, or had fallen in battle. At his feet he could see that, indeed, some of them had fallen, as the burned impressions of their wings still soldered on the rock. He counted 12 fallen and felt an anger rise in his chest; Suziel, Leilandri, Tereculus, Phadriel, Oronius, Xesial, Hamanael, Josiah, Ophelia, Rumariel, Hedrial, and Nanael, all fallen. He cursed the demons under his breath and prayed the the soul of this Righteous Man was worth the losses they had sustained today.
"Dad is gonna be pissed." Said Sam, finishing his own glass and holding it out for Dean to refill.
"You are special, Castiel." God repeated. "In time, you will come to know how truly important you are to the story of man. Retain your position within your garrison. You've earned the honour of that command. Soon enough, heaven and Earth will need you more than you will know."
"Tsk, tsk, tsk, I told you I didn't wanna hear from you again, angel." Came the familiar drawl behind Castiel, who turned away from the man, Dean, slowly and faced Alastair. "I told you it wouldn't be as easy as you thought." He stood with his arms crossed, his gang of torturous demons behind him, sneering at Castiel as Dean still clung to his arm.
Dean's smile faded as quickly as it had appeared. Ruby was savage in the art of 'persuasion,' and he could hardly imagine anyone getting the better of her. He leaned forward, his brow furrowed. A new family trying to start a war with the Winchesters? The last time that had happened, Dean was a teenager, and, much to his dismay, his parents had insisted he not be involved. He had watched helplessly from inside the Catholic boy's school his father had shipped him to, as his people were shot in the street.
"Beats me." Dean stretched his arms above his head. "But Rowena reckons that Chuck targeted Bela because of her art trade, and I'm thinking that's how we get to 'em."
I hope once more for silence to take root inside my head.
Dean laughed out loud. "Holy shit, Sam!" He blurted out loudly and pulled his brother into a hug.
"Well, fellas. Looks like it's two against three." Dean said, gesturing at Lee and the stranger. "Not that I don't like those odds being in my favour and all, but I'll give you a chance to walk away before this gets too outta hand." He heard Lee crack his knuckles and grinned. There was no one in this world Dean would rather have in his corner for a fight than Lee Webb, except maybe Sam.
It didn't matter that it was the end of the world. It didn't matter that Dean had spent his entire life fighting against exactly this. It didn't matter that the angels had fallen and Cas and Jack had lost their grace. Because the end of this world means that everything can be made better.
After creating His archangels, God created the lesser class of angels. These angels were warriors, messengers, healers and guardians of Earth. While less powerful than the Archangels, they were no less devoted to their Father and felt no less love for him or their older siblings. Chief among these lesser angels was one named Castiel. He adored his brothers and his father, and he would spend millenia watching them, idolizing them, and doing all he could to please them. God looked upon Castiel with more hope than all the rest, for God writes stories filled with conflict and confusion, yet a hero will always arise.
Dean looked at Chuck, confusion spreading across his face as Chuck continued to speak.
Bela glared at him. "I believe it's Serbian, actually."
But smoke and fire break like waves across my damaged heart.
Chuck smiles even bigger now. "See, more than anything else, the thing Dean's heart ached for most, the thing that was going to make him happiest...was you, Castiel. It was always supposed to be you."
He chuckled at his own joke. Dean's heart grew fuller with every word Chuck spoke. Sam had a house, and a wife, and a son. He had a nephew. Jack was living a normal life at college…
"Dear Castiel." God said warmly. "You have always been so loyal, so eager to please me and do my bidding, unquestioning, undoubtful, unerring in your adherence to orders. The perfect soldier."
find Castiel attractive.
"Only the best for you." Lee matched his tone. "So, what brings you out tonight?"
"You know Dean, there is stupid, and then there is Winchester stupid. I was an angel for longer than I was human. I could hear your desires too. I have known your feelings longer than you yourself have."
"No, not that, Rowena, and ew," Dean cringed. "Why were you expecting us?
Dean rapped his knuckles on the bar top to get Lee's attention. "Who do I gotta gank to get a drink around here, hey buddy?" He said as Lee tossed the towel he had been using to clean a pint glass over his shoulder and turned to Dean. His expression changed from annoyed to ecstatic when he registered who was speaking.
"Thanks, Cain," Dean said. He ducked past him and headed to the very back of the dining room.
“If you die, I could resuscitate you, probably,” Castiel teased smugly.
"I'm sorry, you needed to survive and there wasn't another way. You didn't need to know about the deal, it would have only slowed our mission and unnecessarily burdened you even more."
Castiel flinched, a wave of nausea similar to a punch in the stomach. He knew that voice, he knew it better than his own, his world, his whole being had depended on that voice.
"I guess you'd say we're both hot messes?" Castiel tried the words carefully like he was expecting to say something wrong and non-sense and this time Dean laughed, eyes crinkling at the corners.
“A little show and tell,” Castiel looked at Dean over his shoulder, dirty smirk once more on his lips, “I think I need to get you wet, first of all,” and before Dean could fully grasp the words, Castiel was scooting backwards to fully sit on his chest and take the tip of Dean’s cock in his mouth.
“The reason, I don’t care about it, what I know is that you died with that hope in your heart, that you spent every second here thinking, hoping, Dean would still remember you. You’re so stupid you even thought he’d do something to rescue you. So cute and naive,” it circled around him, touching his body, pulling on the already too tense ropes, “Dean forgot about you the moment he saw his brother. He never cared, Castiel. Actually, I think he was even a little disgusted by your confession, come on, an angel, the one he called family and friend wanting to get his paws on him?” the entity tutted, shaking his head, “not nice if  you get my clue.”
"Sorry, I'm drifting away from what I meant to say," Castiel corrected himself, hands firmly planted on Dean's chest, and Dean raised an eyebrow to that, "Dean, what I am saying is that I'm grateful for what we do, but I know about the porn and I know about sex and…"
"You want to kiss me?"
“Can...can I lick you, while you go on with the show?” Dean asked, suddenly needing permission, finger gone from the hole and voice a little shyer than he’d like.
"NO!" Castiel could feel his power flash, his eyes turning into a blue light, "don't say a single word unless it's your admission!"
His almost black eyes were now full of tears, his lungs still working to regain the air that had been hit out of them, but Castiel didn’t let him. He couldn’t hear one more justification, one more hurtful word. He couldn’t take more pain without going crazy.
"Yes, Dean. I'm not gonna leave you again," Castiel said with a tired smile. His face was wet too.
“Right. I’d love to see that part in bed with me, next time,” Dean asked, moving his eyebrow in an explicit suggestive way, and Castiel smiled, a little dirty. He could maybe miss the meaning of some references or take things too literally, but that hint he definitely got.
“Should I show something too?” Dean asked rhetorically, regretfully leaving a cheek he was kneading to instead run a finger along the crack. He stopped behind Castiel’s ball, using the free hand to push the angel’s hips a little higher, and pressed against his perineum, sighing at the moan that was suddenly vibrating around his cock, “so sensitive,” Dean praised, finger running up again until the pad was pressing against the puckered hole, dry and tight but fluttering under the touch, “and so needy for me, aren’t you, angel?” Dean teased while his forefinger did the same, massaging around and around the ring of muscles. He shuddered at the constant vibrations around his cock, the small moans Castiel couldn’t swallow.
He had never known fair deaths, even less with the kind of life he led, but this one, Cas' he couldn't accept. He died because he was happy for a moment. The only moment of happiness in a creation-long existence. Cas died because he was so happy to love him that he didn't even need to hear it back.
Guilt had tortured him for days now, because he should have felt worse for his mother, probably dead, maybe stranded in an apocalyptic world with Lucifer, but he hadn't been able to fully feel it, not while the image of Cass' body had kept appearing in front of his eyes. Mom should have been more important, but apparently to his heart he now had a different kind of family, one that had just been taken from him.
"No, Cas, listen to me, for once. You dropped a giant bomb on me half a minute before dying, I was probably even too focused on you being pulled away from me to realize the hugeness of that bomb. I get why you did it, you saved my life and apparently the universe too, but you died for me, being happy to do so and…"
"Dean, what you showed me about sex is amazing, everything we did, you'd say it blew my mind," he pressed the finger a little harder to stop the joke he could already read on Dean's lips, "but I know there's a lot more we didn't try yet and I know a lot of it is about doing what we already do but a lot dirtier,” he explained, hoping his words made sense to the hunter, but he wasn’t so lucky, because Dean frowned, unhappy, before grabbing his wrist to move the finger away from his lips, every other touch just gone.
"You're bad," Castiel smiled, "anyway, that was the point I wanted to get to. Dean, when we are like that it somehow feels better than I've felt in thousands of years of Heaven's Grace, our bond doesn't even have a name, a word, for it to be described, I don't know if it is because I raised you from Hell, something that never happened before, or if it's just because you are you…" he sat up, straddling Dean, ignoring the man's cock pressing against his ass. He was going there in a moment anyway.
In the dark room, Dean turned into bed for the hundredth time that night, groggily looking at the alarm that informed him it was just past 3 am. Apparently, that was one of the lows of being well rested: once you're not too exhausted to even think, your brain takes over and you lose every chance at sleeping again. Maybe it was good. Maybe it meant in a few days he was going back to be dead on his feet and back at passing out for four hours straight the moment he touched the bed. The problem, though, was how to make it to the next few days, because Dean was sure he couldn't take that for long.
“You think? Sure, Cas,” the voice was now closer, but too sweet, honey-coated. Castiel closed his eyes and nodded, lips in a tight line.
Both of them were hard.
"You were dead, Cass. I wrapped up and burned your body," the words hurt coming out of his mouth and his eyes stung with suppressed tears. He hadn't had time to cry, he hadn't had the strength to break down, to yell and break things for real. There had been a baby Nephilim probably about to destroy the world, and cases to keep him occupied and… he had kept himself from breaking down, knowing the raging pain was the only thing keeping together the emptiness that was inside him, blocking it from spreading and swallowing his whole world. But now he was still holding onto Cass for dear life, warm and solid and real, and the emptiness was already starting to feel like a whirlwind of feelings rushing into him. Like blood rushing back into frozen fingers. Warm, reassuring and painful.
Dean sighed against Castiel's lips, something deep, far deeper than a moan, deeper than simple pleasure. It wasn't about the angel's body pressed against him, naked and sweaty and incredibly arousing, that was good, great sure, but Dean's release of breath was because of something different, it was about the Angel himself, about their bond. Dean could almost physically feel it in moments like that, it was like his scar was burning like it wasn't just his body trying to get closer and closer to Cas, to get under his skin, to lose himself into the Angel. It was more. It felt like their souls fitted more than their bodies like Dean's wasn't whole if not in such moments of sheer intimacy.
Dean took a moment to calm himself down, to convince his body that, even if his cock was in the angel’s throat and the tongue was doing things to him he wasn’t sure a mere mortal could do, there was no way he could come yet. Oh, no, if that was just the beginning he was definitely going to wait for the end. If he was to make it alive, at least.
“You want to kill me,” Dean’s voice came out breathy, words spoken between his teeth, but now his eyes were glued to Castiel’s body. His thighs were slightly trembling with the effort of maintaining the position for so long, the back a tense line of muscles, still everything disappeared in front of the ass swallowing just a little of his cock, too dry and hot around his head.
"Donatello knew less than us about it, but you decided to believe him because it was the easier way, because you were desperate for a win, to stop fighting and hurting at least for once," Castiel accused, pointing a finger.
“Worth it? To be here, in pain, your Grace faded into nothing but a grey shade, is that worth it? For a human? You don’t even know for how long you’ve been here, maybe more than a lifetime, maybe he’s already dead”
“Really. Your cock twitched inside me when you did it,” and that got a wanton and needy moan out of Dean’s bitten lips, “now, with the plan,” Castiel smiled, using the moment to lean forward a little, hands on the bed near Dean’s knees.
"We…" he started, moved to look at the floor and started again, "I lost everything, everyone, even Crowley. I just stopped caring, Cass. I stopped having faith that things could adjust, that we could save the world again, that we could contain Jack. I was an empty shell, going over the motions just for Sam," Dean felt his eyes burn with tears again, but didn't care, "I lost so much in the past, I lost everyone I had. Dad, Bobby, Sam even you. Lisa. But it never felt like that, it never felt like there wasn't a reason to get back up. I only wanted to die, Cass, even Hell or the Empty I was threatened to be dropped in, felt like better alternatives to the painful nothing I had inside, but apparently not even that was an option," he tormented his bottom lip between nervous teeth before turning toward the angel, "and now I know. I can face losing everything, everyone, but I can't take losing you, Cass. Not anymore, I can no longer go on without you," he searched for the blue eyes, locking their gazes, "I died the moment I saw you lying there, lifeless," the last words of the confession were almost whispered, slow, and Dean didn't even blink, more tears pooling in his eyes.
"He really is back," Sam said and Dean knew how happy and relieved he was too, "how is it even possible?"
"Dean Winchester doesn't travel in the back seat of his car," Dean scoffed, disgusted at the idea.
Instead, he raised his hand, cupping Castiel's face, and this time the kiss got more intense, the angel's lips opening under his, asking for more and the moment their tongues met Dean was sure no beer or pie had ever tasted better or sweeter, that mouth definitely was something he was going to get addicted to, a very welcome addiction.
Castiel opened his mouth a little, to reply, to yell that it wasn’t true, that he knew what both brothers felt for him, that they were a family and that Dean didn’t hate him, didn’t feel disgust or pity, but he closed it back without a sound. It was useless, he was under torture and to answer was only going to make the shadow’s game, so he just smiled a little and shook his head.
"Bitch," he grunted while opening the car door.
“More?” Dean asked and who was Castiel to resist the puppy eyes Dean was giving him? He could have found the force to rebel to Heaven, but he was sure he could have never been strong enough to ignore that stare.
“Oh, the poor kid had no idea!” the entity teased with a maniacal laugh. It shoved him slightly, his shoulders almost popped out of place, but Castiel was even unable to feel pain at that moment, “Your Father created you just to have something to play with, sold you and left you when he found something more interesting to play with. It took you so long to realize, you brave, faithful soldier. Luckily Dean Winchester came along to save you from your blindness, it’s a pity he did with you exactly what your father had.”
“You sure? I’d love to see you come around my tongue while I taste you,” Castiel could hear Dean smirk, didn’t even need to see him to know the smug expression that was on his face.
“Then you really are stupid and suicidal enough to be a Winchester.”
"I am trying to do a serious speech here, Dean," Castiel scolded, but he was smiling. He felt like around Dean he couldn't stop smiling. Well, unless they were fighting with each other or against something that wanted to kill them, which was most of the time, unfortunately.
"Happiness is in knowing, not…"
“That’s my show, my wetting, Dean,” Castiel growled, low and threatening, a sound Dean had only heard from him around Demons or Angels with very different plans from his. Damn if that didn’t make his cock leak.
“You going then?”
He was shaking so much that even to open his eyes felt like too much, but he slowly did. Around him just black. No shadow, no dark, those had a form, an existence, there, instead, there was just a black nothing. But that voice behind him was there, he knew he wasn’t hallucinating, he knew it was what had woken him from his tortured blackout.
"Yeah: oh," Dean repeated, "I mean, it wasn't like...and I didn't… but…" his loquacity suddenly gone too, cheeks cherry red, "damn it, Cas. I didn't know I did, until it was too late, but I love you, I've loved you for far longer than I can pinpoint," he got out in a single breath. He was shaking, but the hand on his shoulder was too, so it was ok.
He grabbed Dean’s wrists, pinning them over his head in a punishing grip, relishing in the feeling of the blood running fast under the delicate skin.
"Dean, I…"
"I don't care. You messed up, I messed up, everyone does, all I need is you with me. We can fail together," he smiled at Cass, then turned slightly to kiss his palm, lips lingering against the warm skin.
“Do you think that’s why I saved him, why I confessed to him? To hear him say it back?” Castiel laughed, and the Entity just shrugged.
It was a handful of seconds later that Dean felt a familiar rustling, and his heart seemed to stop for a moment while he turned.
“Dean,” Castiel broke the quiet in his usual gruff tone, “Sorry to break the spell, but you’re getting sticky inside me,” he admitted, almost contrite, and Dean laughed softly, helping him to move, both groaning when the cock slipped out.
"Cas…"
To Dean, it felt like he could start to breathe again as if his chest could finally fill with air after days. Castiel was back and his again.
“Cas?” he called a few minutes later, knowing the angel didn’t sleep but that he did something similar, sometimes, after sex. He got a low grunt in response, “you know when you fight and you turn all warrior-y and mighty, strong soldier of Heaven…” Castiel interrupted the description by raising his head to look at Dean, confused, a frown on his face.
“Come on, baby, show me,” Dean's voice was breathless but steady, and Castiel nodded.
Except Dean knew he had always assumed Cas was going to always be there, he was used to having him a prayer - or a phone call - away.
"Lots of good it did."
"I don't care. We have him back, everything is gonna be fine," Sam smiled at that, patting his brother's back.
“Cas,” Dean moaned, his cock sliding against the crumpled white shirt, soiling it.
The hunter gulped, then letting out a small sigh before he opened his mouth, relaxing into the touch, starting to kiss Castiel. His Castiel, his Angel, the one who raised him from perdition in every way Dean could imagine.
“Need you,” Dean just grunted, not breaking the kiss, freeing his hands to go straight for Castiel’s slacks and the angel chuckled against his lips. He should have known, he should have expected that.
It was probably wrong, what they were doing; if a Nephilim was an abomination deserving only death, to lay with the man you saved from Hell couldn't be much better, but Castiel didn't care. His Father was gone, Heaven was a more unorganized mess than Hell had ever been and at that point, his brothers and sisters had so much to judge and hate him for that his being in love with a human was the last of the problems. Still, Castiel knew that not even God himself could have stopped him now. No, not even his Father would have been enough to take Dean away from him. He was up to anything for his human. He was more than ready to give up his wings and his Grace for him. He already did, to be honest, more than once, in various ways. He never regretted it.
The angel straddled him again, but this time facing away from him, giving Dean a great view of the infinite expanse of his back. He reached up, fingers tracing his shoulder blades almost reverently. With some effort and whatever mojo he needed, Castiel could have manifested his wings even while inside his vessel, he never had though, too scared to lose control, to hurt Dean, but Dean couldn’t help but wonder how it would feel for them both, how it would be to touch an angel’s feathers, how much of an intimate touch it would be for Castiel.
“That good?” Castiel teased, just retreating his tongue but talking against Dean’s lips.
Dean didn't even hear the door opening, his hunter senses lowered by the pain or maybe too relaxed those days, but he automatically scooted over when he felt the weight on the mattress near him and, a second later, the far less familiar weight of a dog jumping on his legs.
“You’re not the only one who lost someone,” Castiel reminded him, starting to climb the stairs. It felt like a real goodbye, and yet he knew, they both knew, it probably wasn’t. not with their lives, not with what they were. Still, it was a goodbye to the two of them, to what they were even a few days before.
Castiel moved his hands to grab the ones roaming over his sleeves, holding them.
