The silence between them now is uncomfortable. They sit on the edge of the couch, further apart than is really necessary. Steve clasps his hands between his knees. "We've been friends for a long time."
December 10th is another dreary winter Monday. Steve gets up early and goes for a run, the way he always does. The cold doesn't really bother him, and he likes being outside, stretching his muscles, greeting the people he sees most every morning. Some of them are joggers like himself. Some are on their way to work, or just coming home from the night shift. He thinks most of them know who he is, but none of them have ever been crass enough to say anything to him.
It impacts the rim of the force field exactly where Steve intended it. There is a tremendous concussion of sound and a dazzling explosion of white-hot sparks. Before he can even register what's happening, he's flying backwards through the air. He doesn't feel any pain. Just a sensation of heat and amazing speed.
Steve flounders like someone just tossed him into the deep end of a pool, where the waters are freezing cold and unexpectedly deep. He can hardly feel his own hands where he grips them tight. "What do you mean, I don't love you?"
The armory doors open at his password, despite the uneven sound of the words. He walks inside, all the way in, not lingering in the doorway the way Tony did that day, the way he would if he were uncertain of his welcome.
"Cap!" A hand grabs for his elbow and misses. It's Johnny Storm, a long way from sober. "I didn't think you were coming!"
"Yes?" Steve says but that's all wrong because he doesn't mean it as a question. "Yes," he says again. An affirmation. "We're going to make this work."
Two days later, Natasha had handed him a stack of something red and velvety all over. White fur lined the edges, and a thick black belt sat coiled atop it all. "Here you go."
He feels himself lifted again. Someone says his name. Warm lips press a kiss to his temple. Then he's in the air, winter wind on his face, cold enough to chill, but never cold enough to take away his contented smile.
Las Vegas was always a great place to visit for any reason, but never more so than during Tech Week, when everyone under the sun fought to have the greatest reveal, the biggest new invention, and the shiniest must-have tech of the year. It was a singular contest, where alliances shifted every day, rivalries could form and be laid to rest in one hour, and no one slept until it was all over.
Again the use of his title. "Is there somewhere we can sit down?" Steve asks. He really doesn't want to have this conversation standing up while a 3-D printer hums along just a few feet away.
"How?" Tony asks. The desperation has left his voice, though. It's just a question, another problem to be solved.
It was all right, Tony understood. Steve wasn’t angry with him, or thought he was being presumptuous or silly or anything like that. In fact, Steve was just as happy to see him as Tony was to be there.
Instead he tries to make a joke, even though he's been warned in the past about his lackluster sense of humor. "Does this mean I should return the Keurig?"
Across from him, Tony goes very still, staring back at him. Then he turns toward the next kid in line, and focuses all his attention on them.
Even super-soldier healing can't quickly undo the damage caused by multiple puncture wounds and internal injuries. It's Christmas Eve before Steve is allowed to return to Avengers Tower, with an admonition by his doctors not to overdo it. He thanks them all for taking care of him, then leaves the hospital.
Because the thing about Tony Stark is, most people, including some of the same superheroes they work with, think he's arrogant. They see his belief that he's the only one who knows the right course to take as further proof of his conceit. Steve does not exempt himself from falling into that trap; he knows he's done it more than once.
"You weren't planning on working all night, were you?" Steve says. Even as the words are coming out of his mouth though, he knows the answer. Of course Tony was planning to work all night, holiday or not. Probably he even expected to bury himself in work to forget the painful but inevitable outcome of this conversation. But for once things haven't turned out as Tony planned. For once he's making it up as he goes along.
No one mentions Tony Stark or Iron Man. Or the fact that the entire day was paid for by the Maria Stark Foundation.
That gives Steve pause. For about half a second. That's how long it takes for him to see the terror bright in Tony's eyes. It's not a fear that Steve will disbelieve him and persist in his advances, but that Steve
Tony seems to realize something is required of him here. A conversation needs two people, after all. "Yeah, it was. The kids all seemed to have fun." He smiles.
"Yesterday during the holiday event, I realized something," Steve says. He's not only flushing now, his heart is racing. He thinks he might actually be sweating.
There are a few sinks scattered throughout the armory, but only the one back here looks like it's safe to use for food and water consumption. Steve fills the sink with hot sudsy water and washes all the random coffee mugs laying around the armory that he can find. Some of them are plain white, while others are novelty items like the one that looks like Iron Man's helmet. Almost all of them contain the residue of ancient coffee, and he has to scrub quite hard at some of them to get the ring of brown off the bottom of the mug.
"Here's how it would go," Tony says. He sounds infinitely patient, a man with a brilliant intellect explaining a concept only he can truly understand. "One of us would think the other was hurt, or even killed, only to find out they were wrong. And it would just come out in the heat of the moment. But we would both know it wasn't real." For the first time since they sat down, he looks Steve in the eye. "Just like this isn't real."
Not all the Avengers have a password to this place, this room that is both a working laboratory and a research facility. Which says nothing about the many iterations of Iron Man that stand around the space, some in different colors, some with very different tech. As always Steve takes a moment to look around and just marvel at everything he sees; walking into this living display of Tony's genius is always a wonder.
That's good. That's exactly what Steve wants. He has to work to get Tony to be spontaneous, to say something that isn't planned.
Steve saw the Captain America uniform as soon as he walked in, of course. He knows he was meant to see it. It's bait, something put on display for him to notice and wonder about. Probably there were at least a dozen scripts in Tony's head that began with Steve asking about the uniform, scripts he's had to abandon.
He walks away without looking to see how Tony reacts to this news. He leaves the armory and returns to the rooms in the Tower that he's called home for many years; there have been other houses, other apartments, but somehow he always ends up back here again. This home that Tony gave him.
Tony's hands rise to clutch his arms. They are nearly the same height, and there is no effort involved at all to kiss Tony. It is, in fact, the easiest thing Steve has ever done.
"About what I expected," Tony says. "It rained a lot. My tech was the best at the expo. Stopped A.I.M. from blowing up a sizable chunk of the planet. Typical Tuesday."
But he has to say this. It's not fair to Tony and the rest of the team if he doesn't. So he takes a deep breath and he says, "Do you have a minute? I wanted to talk with you about something?" He can hear the way his voice rises a little, turning it into a question, but it's too late to take it back now.
“That was last week,” Tony said. A year ago. A lifetime ago. How could he ever have wandered happily through that maze of exhibits, champagne glass in one hand and a gorgeous woman on his other arm, thinking he was the king of the world? How could he have thought he had anything at all, when in truth he had had nothing?
The silence between them grows suddenly heavy, weighted by all the words they said the last time they were here. Tony looks away first. Steve glances at the brightly colored coffee mugs sitting on their new shelf.
Jan has other places to be, and Steve seizes his chance to escape. He skips lunch and instead spends a happy afternoon out shopping, ball cap over his head, winter coat over a heavy sweater. He loads bag after bag into the trunk of his car, stops for a late lunch, then heads back to the Tower. It's getting late by now, the early winter dark having already settled around the Tower and the city in which it resides. Not that the New York skyline is ever dark, of course.
Steve can't help it. He knows it's a trap, but at least he walks into it with his eyes open. "Tony, it's Saturday."
"I know you think you're not supposed to love me," Steve says. He's beyond caring if he's on script or not, or what rebuttal Tony will have for him. He speaks from the heart now, from the painful thudding of his heart, his heart, his heart.
Silence falls between them, although the armory itself is not silent. The 3-D printer is in motion, and in the far corner a bot is machining a flat piece of metal. Tony's smile falters a little, then disappears entirely. "Did you need something, Cap?"
"What the hell is it?" War Machine demands. Like Iron Man and Wasp, he's flying carefully around the perimeter of the force field, keeping his distance while searching for some weakness.
For a long moment they just stand there staring at each other, the space of the armory between them. Steve feels ridiculously guilty, like he's been caught red-handed doing something he isn't supposed to be doing, which is ridiculous, because he's always been allowed to come down here even when Tony isn't around. He's had his password so long that he doesn't think he'll ever forget it, the password that has remained the same throughout the years, no matter what the current status of his and Tony's relationship.
But he hesitates. He isn't ready to kiss Tony in public yet. And he believes Tony isn't ready for it, either. Tony still has to learn to accept that Steve is in love with him. An embarrassing kiss in front of everyone won't exactly help with that.
He gets to work right away. Normally he would never dream of touching anything in here, or do anything that would take away from the order Tony has imposed on everything. To the average person the various workstations might look like random disorganization, but Steve knows that there is actually quite a precise order to it all. Tony knows where everything is, and where everything should be. If he were to move anything around, he would actually be making things worse, not helping.
“Tony.” Steve’s jaw tightened, a sure sign that he was displeased. “I hope you didn’t abandon your obligations just to come here and say that.”
"What I saw in Seattle with A.I.M..." Tony says. "It's kept me up at night. If that new tech gets out..."
"And what I also know," Steve says, "is that's a lie." He slides forward another half step. It's all he dares. "You are good enough. And I do love you. And I refuse to let that mean nothing."
It's the use of his first name that finally clues Steve in. This is actually happening. Tony means every single word he says. He's not being coy or manipulative or digging for compliments. He is terribly, horribly, sincere.
This is certainly true, but Steve also knows that Tony would have made an excuse for his absence at the expo if he hadn't seized on it as the perfect excuse to leave the city. He also knows there is still a strong Stark Industries presence in Seattle. If Tony wants, he can find enough work to do there to keep him busy -- and away from New York -- for months.
Joy surges through Steve. This is everything he ever wanted. Everything he could have ever hoped for.
Without a word Tony leads him over to a corner of the armory that looks like it was once upon a time meant for comfort. There’s an old battered couch, currently covered with rolled up blueprints, an old Iron Man coffee mug missing the handle, and what might or might not be a few of Clint’s old arrows. Tony hurriedly gathers all this up and dumps it on the floor. Steve watches with a wince as the coffee mug rolls down the hill of blueprints, but the shattering he expects never happens; the red mug comes to rest against a set of plans and is safe.
It was late when the realization came to him, well into the early morning hours of the next day. Thursday, maybe. He didn’t know. He was exhausted, every fiber of his body crying out for sleep. All the days blurred together during a week like this, full of exhibit halls and lectures all day long, extravagant dinners and parties all evening, and frantic sessions with your fellow co-workers all night while you strove to make your exhibit better, your tech shinier, and outdo what you had seen that day from someone else.
Tony moves aside, coming further into the room but remaining near the wall. Still keeping his distance. He watches Steve approach with all the focus of someone who is ready to bolt at a moment's notice.
Tony holds up the uniform. "Reinforced with a new fabric of my own design." He shakes his head a little deprecatingly and says in a rapid-fire murmur, "Okay well maybe the X-Men thought of it too but anyway." He gazes at Steve. "It should keep you safe."
"Nope," she had said cheerfully, and walked away while Steve was still standing there trying to figure out how this had happened.
Still, some things need to be done. He starts with the rolls of blueprints, which all lie on the floor right where they fell when Tony pushed them aside. He's a little curious as to what's on them, given that he's pretty certain the only plans Tony works off of these days are completely digital, but he's not curious enough to actually unroll them and take a look. Maybe later. Maybe when he's finished.
Tony stares straight ahead; all Steve can see is his profile. It's enough to be able to see his jaw tighten. "Yeah."
Steve looks up at him. It's actually harder to breathe now that he's lying flat. His damaged lungs don't like it. But the look on Tony's face, the pure love shining in those eyes, is worth it. "You do love me," he breathes.
Steve always thought that when he fell in love it would hit him like a lightning bolt. It would be a Moment with a capital letter. An epiphany that would forever change his entire world. He never thought it would happen so quietly that he barely noticed it. And he certainly never thought he would be wearing a Santa costume when it happened.
He would sleep after this, he thought. Sleep until noon or even later if he wanted. There was nothing to stop him.
“Calculating new flight plan,” she said, though he knew the calculations were already complete by the time she was finished speaking.
Steve laughs, and after a moment, Tony laughs alongside him. Sheer joy washes through him. This is really going to happen. He loves Tony and Tony loves him and they are really doing this. "I couldn't agree more."
Tony squeezes back, then lets go. He drifts away to join the crowd, adding his voice of encouragement to the others, while unseen in the winter sky above them, an Iron Man drone circles constantly, ensuring nothing happens to disrupt the party Jan worked so hard to put together. Tony Stark, so brilliant and selfless, who gives so much of himself.
The first step makes his chest convulse. He coughs again and somehow he's down on one knee, bracing himself with a trembling arm. But still he keeps his eye on his shield.
At last the meal wraps up and he can leave the table. He finds a solitary stretch of hallway to ask his question, the one that's been on the tip of his tongue all morning.
He knows Tony considers him a close friend. They've been through things together that would have broken lesser friendships forever. Their lives are not easy, even when they aren't trying to save the world from the latest villainous plot.
Now Tony goes smoothly down on one knee in front of the little girl in braids. He's smiling. He says something, too quiet for Steve to hear; not when his supersoldier hearing is overwhelmed by the shouts and laughter of hundreds of kids and their parents.
Well, he hasn't yet encountered a barrier that the vibranium shield can't cut through. He starts forward at a run, cocks his arm back and lets fly. The instant he does, he hears Tony's voice in his ear. "Steve, don't!" The use of his name, not his title, is enough to startle him, and he jerks his arm to the side, but by then it's too late. The shield is already on its way -- and so is Steve.
So because there is no point in playing that game, Steve doesn't even try. He just walks further into the armory and sits down on a stool not far from Tony's desk. There is a microscope on the table in front of him, and an assortment of petri dishes, though none of them seem to be in use at the moment. He considers them, but says nothing.
“I had to see you,” Tony said. It was the stupidest thing he could have said, he thought, and he winced at how ridiculous he sounded.
"I guess we could," Tony says. Then his eyes widen as the full meaning of that sinks in. "Wait, you mean go together?"
This year it was different, though. It wasn’t just that he no longer drank, or that SI didn’t make weapons. The whole expo felt off, somehow, and Tony couldn’t put his finger on it. He only knew that he felt restless in his own skin as he gazed on the exhibits and made banal small talk with the men and women who were his competitors on a good day, and bitter enemies the rest of the time.
"A lot better," Steve says. He glances around, sees that every one of those individual coffee servings he bought are still there. Not one has been used.
It take Steve a moment to realize what Tony just said, for the full import to sink in. He actually smiles then, still stupid enough to think this is all just a misunderstanding. "It's real," he says. "You know I would never joke about something like this."
Startled, Tony stopped in mid-flight. He had been flying due east, he realized. Heading for New York without even thinking about it
He starts forward, intending to take hold of the uniform, smooth it between his fingers and feel this new fabric for himself. But as he does, Tony sets it down again and backs away. Giving him the opportunity to test it, but also keeping space between them.
Tony meets his gaze head on. For him, the outcome of their talk is already a foregone conclusion. He has been anticipating this encounter for days. Planning for it. In Tony's head there are a thousand scripts already produced. He can deviate at any moment to follow the one he needs. He has already written their conversation, giving Steve any and all the words that might be said.
He joins some of the Avengers for breakfast, eating with Carol and Sam while Jarvis calmly clears away the dishes from where other members of his team were here earlier. The TV in the kitchen is on, and Sam changes channels every few minutes, driving Steve crazy.
The pull eastward, toward Steve, was irresistible. Tony didn’t even try to refuse. Nor did he want to. He had been along out here too long. He needed to see Steve again. He needed to.
"My stingers can probably get through," Wasp says. "But I can't get close enough to try." She lacks any kind of armor, nothing to keep her safe if she gets too close to the spitting edge of the bubble.
Tony's laughter tapers off into an amused smile, and Steve abruptly realizes that he's got a big problem. Because every time Tony smiles at him, little fireworks go off in the pit of his stomach. It makes it very hard to concentrate on anything.
He rises early on Saturday the 15th. He goes for his usual morning run, sticks around to help Jarvis with the cleanup from breakfast, then gets roped into helping Jan pick out a menu for the party she's hosting in a few days. By the time they've settled on beef medallions and risotto, it's nearly lunch time.
Voices surround him. Some sound angry. One, dearly beloved, says his name. Repulsor fire blooms in the distance, bright points of light against the fading white.
Up high, he could see stars, the light pollution left behind him along with every hope and disappointment and boring speech from the previous day. He streaked down a street that was little more than a blur of color from this distance, absently noted a plane leaving McCarran Airport, and banked to his right.
Tony just looks at him. His eyes are so blue, Steve thinks randomly. "It was a lot of fun," he adds.
“I’m so fed up with this evening.” Tony sighed under his breath and let his smile disappear. He couldn’t keep the pretence up any longer. It was better to just deal with it as it was.
“Yesterday...this morning. Before the mission.” Tony cracked open his eyes and watched as the doctor’s head shot up, his eyes narrow and searching.
“Not a thing.” She replied smoothly, but still didn’t face him. A small part of him wondered if they’d actually take him seriously if he filed a complaint. He was pretty sure Pepper had never acted this way with anyone during her time as his personal assistant. He’d definitely find out after this.
"Yeah, Peter would've published that one for sure." Steve tilted his head and his gaze softened. "I've missed you Tony."
“Agent thirteen?” He glanced past Tony’s shoulder and scanned the dance floor. Then something flashed in his eyes and he turned and fixed Tony with a grin. His expression was sympathetic.
There weren’t many options to hide in. His bunker was too far and the closest thing was the blue ship. He was almost torn in his decision to push further.
"It's things like this that got you into this mess." He said quietly, folding one of Tony's shirts neatly. "Why didn't you say anything?"
“Clean them. It's armor so it's salvageable but just about. Ugh, the savages.” Zeke groaned again and rolled his neck while Tony laid out the robes beside him.
Steve sighed and stood up fully, turning around to walk back to the soup pot. He busied himself with checking the hob was switched off and fiddled with the pan.
Steve didn’t give him an answer to that. But he did crawl in further until he was completely inside the ball pit. Through the dark green netting, Tony could make out Steve’s form climbing in slowly and finally dropping down into the ball pit.
Trying to calm his body down, he sucked in a deep breath and blew it out. His eyes darted back and forth between the offered hand and the concerned expression on the man’s face.
Steve then glanced at the baby Iron-tsum in his hands and then looked at the Cap-tsum with dawning realisation.
“Tony, it’s okay.” Rogers murmurs quietly and when Tony turns, he’s surprised to find Roger’s looking back at him with concern. “You don’t need to share your room with anyone. I don’t want you to worry.”
Tony’s heart completely sank. He felt like a complete fool for continuing to hope. Would he never learn?
Like a deer in the headlights, Tony pursed his lips and looked away. Steve didn’t sound too happy. Could he do nothing right by this man?
Fear seized his body and mind. In a desperate burst of energy, Grant began to run towards the blue ship.
“You.” Steve jerked his head at Whitney. “I remember that stench. I’ve been waiting for you again. Madame Masque. How's the Hydra faction doing?”
“Why are you sorry Tony? Are you sorry for leaving us and disappearing to go off on your own? Are you sorry for putting your life at risk all for the sake of a drink? Are you sorry for putting us,
Tony’s mouth opened and closed. Numb with shock, he lifted his hand up and covered his mouth in horror.
Sucking in a deep breath, he steeled his nerves and walked towards them. This was his team now. He had to make it work.
“We’re not done here. We have so much to talk about. I'm so angry with you, I can't even begin to explain it.” Steve continued to say and without opening his eyes, Tony nodded again, feeling his heart sink.
Gabe and Dugan began to comment on the quality of french wine in general so Tony decided to shift over and sit next to Sharon. She seemed a little...distant.
“I know.” The mic crackled in his ear, sounding jarring, and Tony swore he could hear the blood roaring in his ears.
“Is it viable?” He added, watching as Hank slipped the syringe into an large injector that almost looked like a gun. The whole mechanism locked with loud snap.
He knows it’s not like that but it’s hard to feel anything else. Here, wrapped up in his scented blue blanket that Steve had once gifted to him, he can barely process the thought.
The shield, where the hell was the shield? Suddenly he spotted Ben looking caught in the crossfire between some agents from another department and the robot. Towards his right was the shield.
Well that's good. Tony thought tiredly and hovered towards the ground as he saw the many dozens of robots begin to fall. It was a sight to behold.
“Probably what you think. And you're right. I love you Tony.” Steve confirmed and went right up to him, close enough that if he bent down just a little, Tony’s lips were a breath away.
As promised, Steve was there exactly fifteen minutes later and Tony, forever surprised by the soldier was delighted to see him looking so sleek. It was nice to think Steve was happy enough to spend some time with him, even if it was just for show, but still, the guy made an effort. He would take what he could get.
“Oh well, lots of scenting, lots of skin contact-oh, loads of territorial marking, hence you need to stay here-and obviously to heal of course!” Peter reassured quickly, holding his hands up. “He’ll keep you safe, don’t worry.”
“They don’t deserve it. That’s what you mean.” Steve finished quietly and Tony fought against the burning in his eyes as he nodded and swallowed.
“I got rejected today.” Steve said dully, feeling Stark's eyes snap up the second he spoke. “I pressured someone and pushed them away. Now I’m worried they’re never gonna talk to me again.”
Tony watched him lean over the bar and rap the surface impatiently. He didn’t take his hand off Tony’s shoulder but for once Tony didn’t mind. Comfort from any corner and all that.
“I do.” Tony said calmly, keeping his eyes fixed past Zeke’s waist. The boys started to whimper behind him.
Grant paused and squinted, brushing his long brown hair out of his eyes. The ship was red and getting slightly bigger as it came closer at a rapid speed-
He spotted flashes of Thor and Carol in the thickest smoke, just like Steve had said. Determined, he pushed on and flew towards them, taking out a few robots and helping a few agents along the way.
Steeling his nerves, Tony left the labs and headed up to the main deck. But as soon as he entered, he knew he’d be going up himself. Maria was no where to be found.
“You’re a piece of shit, Stark.” She growled and twisted his arm back, squeezing so tightly the bone fractured underneath.
“Well.” He continues, keeping his voice level. There’s no point in confrontation, not now. They have too much to do and no time.
“I’m so confused.” Tony breathed, and instantly Steve let go and placed his hands on his shoulders. He took Tony’s chin gently and tilted his head up, inspecting the sore bite.
“But your company is going to go.” Steve pointed out, aiming right for the best place to hit. “You need to keep it afloat. I’ve thought of that.”
“But you said- “Tony clamped his mouth shut the second he realized what he’d been about to say. Sadly, Steve caught onto it and didn’t let it go.
“They’re soulless Carol. Inhumane. What do you expect?” The panel beeps and he walks in. He hears her follow.
But his expression was so soft. It was warm and open and kind and for once, Tony was sure it was directed at him. And when Tony reached those eyes, they went half-lidded and Steve's smile turned even softer.
He’d been shown the cafeteria which had been teaming with Shield agents and the like. He’d never seen a room that full since the day the Avengers had broken up years ago. It was unlike anything he’d been used to.
Pleased with his own effort, Tony dropped down and sat on the hard ledge, swinging his feet in the air casually. The night was cool but thankfully the armor protected him. He wondered if he could jump from this building to that lamp-post on the opposite side of the street-
“You will be granted a kinder sentence if you comply. Should we survive this by some miracle, you all will be put on some form of probation. Do you understand?”
The journey hadn’t been too bad. Of course, Tony hadn’t been able to keep quiet completely and Steve seemed to want to know how his work had been going. So they made small talk about SI, Avenger work and a few extra things. Steve told him he’d booked a hotel for the both of them after the party to give them an evening to rest. Apparently he had cleared Tony’s diary through Pepper as they’d all agreed (Fury included surprisingly) that he’d need a day to recharge. That had actually been really thoughtful since Tony hadn’t considered they’d encourage him to rest. And he could really use a break.
“Hey, little one. Are you excited? We can’t wait to meet you.” Steve says softly and Tony can’t help but giggle a little at the drastic change. Especially when the baby kicks and Steve gasps again.
“It’d be easier to believe that. If you hadn’t told me you loved me.” Steve whispered quietly, rubbing at his eyes tiredly. He suddenly looked exhausted and Tony felt his face twist into a scoff.
After what felt like years, there was a beep and the doors slid open. Maria held out her hand and gestured.
Steve shifted and leaned forward, seemingly intrigued. “You mean the issue with the suits. When that senator demanded you hand them over.”
"Well, firstly-“ Steve pulled open a draw under the desk and retrieved some forms. “Your contract hasn’t been fully signed. I need your signature.”
Fury eyed him carefully and started to edge towards concern. His smugness disappeared and morphed into a frown. “You don’t have to go if you’re that concerned. But you’ll be fine Stark. Like I said, Rogers will be with you and I’ll be there if you’re really worried.”
“Captain. I didn’t think there was anything left to talk about.” And there it is again. The speakers mask Tony’s voice well but Steve thinks he can hear something more.
“I’m sorry.” Steve sighed and flattened his hand against the door so that there was no chance of Tony getting in. “I shouldn’t have talked to you like that.”
“But you’re not wrong Tony.” Steve clenched his jaw and looked away. “That’s what I’ve been doing, purposefully or not. I’ve been punishing you. Making your life miserable.”
“Wonderful. Captain America thinks he can protect me. Well, that worked out great for you didn’t it?” Tony mocked. “It’s not like you actually care about my feelings, or-“
Steve gave him a suspicious look but did duck down and get on his knees. Slowly, Steve crawled in until his head and waist was through the opening. Tony decided that was the perfect time to ogle him for a bit.
“That night when you and I slept together...it didn’t really...it wasn’t as simple as that.” Steve sighed and looked at Tony for help. Tony raised his brow for him to continue, trying to ignore the growing jitters that something was killing his body.
“So no Tony then?” Tony sneered, feeling somehow more irritated by that than the fact that Steve was probably about to boss him around. One of those he was used to but the other ticked him right off.
Tony had just walked in with the popcorn when he heard Clint’s voice. He paused by the door and waited.
“Why didn’t you just agree to it?” Tony blurted and almost wished he hadn’t. Steve’s expression grew pained and his fingers clenched and unclenched against his uniform.
“Fine.” He agreed reluctantly, trying not to feel too pleased when Steve’s whole face lit up and the tension fell from his shoulders. “You tell me where I’m going.”
The small picture of the Avengers stared back at him. He’d had it framed in a nice glass trim, and kept it on his desk as a souvenir. And maybe because it was one of the things he was most proud off in his life. In the picture, Ironman was leaning against Captain America, while the rest of the team was smiling alongside them. In this snapshot, their happiness and friendship was captured and immortalized.
"I'm glad." Steve said softly and when he opened his eyes, he saw Steve looking at him with a tender expression.
The mansion can’t be far. He’s spent the whole night walking and this blizzard is getting worse. His body is getting to knee deep levels in the snow and there’s not a person in sight for miles.
"That should be fine. I’ll ask him.” Steve replied, craning his head around to face the door. He could hear the bed creaking.
“He's brave.” Steve pushed and took a step forward. “Why was it that the second the law came out, you stopped seeing me as Steve and started seeing me as a threat? You knew I was courting you.”
They made small talk, made some stops and finally reached Washington. After, some government issued escorts met them en-route and began to escort them to the White House. Tony’s heart began to pound. They had finally reached.
“Just be safe, Tony. Take care of yourself first.” She sighed. Tony nodded even though she already seemed resigned.
It was the very definition of military. It was borderline prison in Tony’s mind. A large room with rows of bunk beds and nothing else. Simple steel flooring and plain white sheets. There were pairs of lockers between each bunk bed for each inhabitant but other than that, there was nothing.
"Oh? But I seem to remember you had more tasks to do Stark." Ben smirked and held out a hand to the side where Sam came along and handed him Tony's tablet, looking equally smug.
The showers had been next which, again were public for male agents and not exactly what Tony would call a good time. At least they were tiled and had sensors near the shower heads to reduce contact. There was enough sharing going on already in his opinion.
The Hulk roared, prompting the Beyonder to let go and this time Steve leapt towards Tony, pushing past the sand to grab Tony by both arms, locking him in his grip. Tony gasped and fell back with the momentum and Steve managed to shove them both through the portal, curling a hand around Tony’s head to soften the blow. They both fell to the hard floor of Avengers tower and Steve all but collapsed on Tony’s prone form.
He was burrowed in the scent. His nose pressed against warm skin that pulsed with life. He frowned a little but didn’t move, feeling a hand brush his hair back gently.
"I don't think so mister." Steve said eagerly, feeling excited. "I'd recognize that aftershave anywhere. Do you drink a lot of coffee?"
“Because you’re a threat.” Steve said, pushing Tony fully back against the chair by his shoulders. “Because they know you’re important and tethering you down was their best play.”
Wandering the halls of the Helicarrier, he's surprised to learn there's a small library on board. God knows why, but he finds himself going there a few times. Maybe because it's the biggest change from seeing Shield agents and thus, anything to do with Steve, or his life.
“C’mon. This evening is about you. I want you to have a good time, so let’s see what we can do.” Steve urged gently and put a hand around his shoulder and steered him to a certain table with two older men in army suits in the corner.
“Look, don’t take this the wrong way. I just wanted to see what you’d do.” Tony shrugged, and picked up the armor pieces swiftly, nearly cutting himself on one of the edges. All the while, Steve stared at him.
“No.” Captain America says sharply, causing everyone in the room to stare at him. Even Ty looks surprised.
, Steve had never sounded like that. He sounded like he was taking aim. Like a soldier about to storm the trenches.
The voice sounded like a young man’s. Maybe a young adult. Tony blinked tiredly against the floor and pressed his cheek harder into the sharp edges, letting his tears fall into the ground.
“I have a reputation to uphold too. Mines’ far more important. Trust in me Tony. You won’t be disappointed.”
It was funny how, before if Tony had heard that, he would’ve called Steve a savage, and maybe made some dig at wolves in general, unable to see the difference between Steve and Zeke. Now, Tony could tell it was different. They were completely different because while this gesture seemed brutal, Tony felt pleased to think Steve could go to such lengths to care about someone.
But the webs had to have come from somewhere. He didn’t look like an arachnid and neither did the police but maybe...
Too soon Steve pulled away but didn’t let go of him and instead just looked at him with a trace of fear in his eyes. But there was a brightness to them that showed how happy he was too.
"Well, for starters, Ironman isn't exactly the best person to have on the team. And I'm not exactly someone people can trust."
“A rush isn’t it? Admit it, you love it. Especially when they take their last breath.” She sighed wistfully and Tony felt his eye twitch. Still, he kept smiling like a good little vampire.
Something dimmed in his heart. He missed the Avengers so much. He missed them enough that it felt like a physical ache. The days in the mansion had been the best he’d ever experienced and he’d always cherish them, even if he hadn’t admitted it to anyone.
The shrill noises grew louder and louder and a block away there were red and blue lights flashing brightly. The sound only got louder and every part of Tony wanted to know more.
Silently, Tony stood to his full height on the his perch. From this angle, the pale moonlight with a mix of street lighting hit, and Tony thought he could see blond hair.
“I won’t. For once I won’t ask too much and do as I’m told.” Tony grinned at Steve’s raised brow, and brought Steve’s hand to his mouth, pressing a kiss to his palm. “Promise, commander.”
On turning, he was greeted with the sight of Steve’s friend Gabe. The initially grumpy and complacent old man seemed to be eyeing him with a deeply concerned gaze, and something seemed to be eating at him.
"Yes." Tony breathes back and slowly, he shifts close enough for Steve to pull him by his waist and hold him close. He pulls the covers up and then it's just the two of them.
Steve remembered flames. And a building and fire. Not from the motel in his dream but another one. With multiple floors and rows of glass. He’d been in a fight.
Tony prayed Mr. Robinson would hear him out since this would really be his last chance. There weren’t many options left.
His feet pushed off the ground, one foot after the other. His arms swung in tandem. Suddenly he was moving faster than some of the cars on the street.
“It’s like you can read my mind or something.” Tony mumbled into his drink, hoping to fill the silence.
“No Tony. I won’t.” And as Tony’s eyes fell to Steve’s huge arousal and his hands reached out, the cycle repeated.
Beast and Blackbolt had also surrendered a month ago and hence they had been invited to this meeting after also having their rights stripped. Right now, they are the ones holding Strange by the arms and expending energy in just trying to stop him from moving.
“Get your filthy hands off me you mutt!” He yelled and head-butted the man’s chest, hard. A grunt escaped and thankfully, he let Tony go with stagger. Quickly, Tony spin around and dropped to his feet, crouching down with his fangs out.
But no, he had to carry on. He would venture out with his favorite suit (his only suit), and explore this ship of the stars.
Steve's lips pressed against his again. His arms circled him once more, holding him by his waist. Slowly, one hand traced up to his neck and pulled him closer, making him moan softly in Steve's mouth. In answer, Steve pulled him closer and kept kissing him like a man starved of oxygen.
The relief that crashed over him was enough to make him want to fall back into sleep but there was one thing he had to check on before he did. Thankfully he discovered he didn’t have to go far.
The others too, they all looked shocked and pretty horrified and for a moment, Tony debated asking what they were so worried about. Everyone was fine.
“Well, I happen to be able to offer you a fair share myself. You see, while you’ve managed to obtain the main bulk of it, I happen to have a meager portion. A small thirty percent.”
Feeling his cheeks burn, Tony turned and held his hands up. “I’m so sorry, I don’t even know why he-“
A quick adjustment of some of the cardboard and a slight shuffle of the spare washing machine someone had left, created a good cover for him. This alley was darker than the others, so he could pretty much hide in plain sight.
“I’ve been sick for some time. I think I’m dying. I don't know for sure but it appeared a few days ago, a-and-"
"I-" Tony could barely breathe, barely think, his mind was swirling and he was drowning in it. The pleasure, the pure sensations on his skin-
He frowns at Reed and tilts his head. “I don’t give a shit about Stark. And it doesn’t matter anyway.”
“Right. Look, I don’t know what to do here. You asked me to see you and I’ve come. If we fight, I’m just making it clear that I didn’t ask for it. You did.” Tony narrowed his eyes and folded his arms. “Don’t blame me for that. And the memories-“
“No.” Steve blinked, feeling his eyes glisten. “Even though he fully expected me to. By the looks of it.”
The warehouse was huge and completely enclosed with no signs of windows or other exits, and there were no building for miles, which Tony had seen himself. There was just trees and dirt and nothing else.
“You look really good. I don’t think I’ve ever seen you in these colors. They suit you.” Steve said, and in a sudden bout of excitement maybe, he reached out and caught Tony's wrist in his hands. Tony resisted the urge to fidget as he tilted his wrist and inspected the watch under the light.
What better way to put an end to his life than this? What better way to make sure no one suffers because of him again?
“I’m not sure. I think I like variety. A nice guy or girl who wouldn’t mind a guy who needs blood to survive.” Tony shrugged and looked down at the lively group below them. “I once slept with a demon. It was fun.”
“Cap...m’ I dreaming?” The words were whispered and Tony’s eyes slowly shifted from Steve to the ceiling behind him. “Wh’re am I?”
He only had dinners and lunches late. Always at the very end of the hour so that not many would see him come and go. He didn’t mind so much if the food was colder, or there was less. It was still better than being subject to scrutiny.
Somehow Tony didn’t like the way this guy was sounding. Something about the wording put him on edge.
It was easy enough to set himself up. Once Tyler left him, he familiarsied himself with what tool were in the cabinets and made a mental note of all the big machinery that was lining the walls of the room. The square lab cubicles were lining the centre of the room, so everyone could access all the machinery but work on their own things. It was perfect for what he needed.
Steve watched him struggle with the internal battle. But Steve wasn’t going to help him. He couldn’t. Tony had to feel like he could ask anything, as he’d felt before.
Tony made an indistinct noise. “I suppose. It’s a bit odd.” His eyes slid over to Steve. “Are you getting a new suit fitted?”
He knew he couldn’t say exactly. That would be problematic. But if Steve had already sussed it out anyway...
“Ah but you weren’t alone. And I did that to strengthen your bond with Whitney. And it hasn’t helped has it?”
It’s not the first time. Steve had found them before but that confrontation had led to nothing. They’d escaped, Sue had revealed her true colors, and nothing had been explained.
“Oh I bet.” Whitney laughed and pushed off the wall, sauntering towards him casually. She stopped in front of him and patted his cheek gently.
Steve was fierce in everything he did. There was always an element of fiery intensity with him, as if he was a volcano on the verge of explosion, though Tony could see why, based on his history as Captain America. The man had been frozen in
“Tony? Are you okay?” Rogers says softly and makes a gesture that Tony recognizes as a sign for Jarvis to brighten the lights in his room. The room fills with warm light and Tony shakes himself out of his daze and walks towards the bed.
“Have they killed any vampires?” Tony asked, still trying to hide how shocked he was to see Zeke this stressed. You’d think someone had died in the faction.
A lie. He wonders if Steve would’ve been worried about him. If Steve, like Pepper and Carol and Maria and Sam, and now Rhodey and Don Blake and Natasha and several others would try to pin him down and pull the problem out of him.
Tony opened his eyes and gasped, as did many of the others in the room. One of Whitney’s fangs had eroded. Like some disease that ate at flesh, only it was vampire teeth instead.
For a moment, they just stared at each other, and the soft white light of the lamps reflected off the curves of Steve's face, highlighting the soft, concerned look Steve had as he watched him closely.
“Five days. You must be hungry.” Norman acknowledged, holding the door open for him. “I’m surprised you haven’t gone feral yet.” He commented with a raised brow.
“You’re so good Anthony, so good. Unlike the pathetic creatures of this world. You follow the natural order, you know who you are and you embrace it. We feed off others as is the way. It’s our right to relish in that power.”
“Wait! Where are you going?” Tony followed him and silently panicked that he’d upset him. But Steve had seemed like he had a good sense of humor, so why-
Now, seven months later, Tony stands alone, watching the world from the sidelines and feeling caught between the old and the new. Maybe this was how Steve felt when he first woke up. Tony doesn’t know how to cope with it anymore. He’s a dam about to burst. He’s falling apart at the seems.
There’s a fine line between living and staying alive. Some days are harder than others. Not once does Tony think of what Steve would say.
For a moment, the doctor showed the first signs of concern and looked torn. His gaze flitted to the door concealing the group of babbling Shield agents, and the genius laying prone in the bed. Finally, he took a deep breath and decided.
It was apparently the main command deck that Tony had only really seen once or twice before, though he was told he’d spent plenty of time in it when he was director. He’d seen some of the agents eyeing him curiously as he’d walked in, and he’s overheard someone mention something about
Steve is his alpha. He has to be. The baby’s father would never try and hurt him or scare him like Ty did. It has to be Steve,
“Don’t be.” He wasn’t. Whatever he felt about Sharon, that wouldn’t stop him from caring about Tony. “It wasn’t going to work.”
“It is? No, it’s really not, I just think you look great. That’s all.” And really who was he kidding, this was
“He’s just so gorgeous isn’t he? I think you’ll fine he’s a perfectly good soldier. Been so well behaved.” The Beyonder smiled, and Steve had never wanted to smack the suspenders off him more.
“Where the hell have you been?” Norman demanded, storming towards Tony, giving him a deadly look, as soon as he walked in. Tony shook his mind out of the hazy fog and bowed his head.
“Noth-I mean, no, that was not nothing! That was...” Tony didn’t even know what to call that and Steve seemed to read his mind.
“Nothing.” Tony muttered and gently lifted the covers of the bed up. Then to Steve’s absolute horror, he bit his lip and sniffed.
“Tony Stark. That’s his name isn’t it?” The Beyonder taunted, curling a hand under Tony’s jaw. Then ever so gently, he pulled Tony’s face towards him and pressed a gentle kiss to his lips. Tony didn’t say anything. He simply let it happen just like before.
Reluctantly, Tony glanced at the floor and began to mourn the pile of clothes. His black body suit and Steve’s blue one were lying across the floor, completely intertwined and no doubt wrinkled. “You mean the one you ripped last night?”
“No. But you did choose to miss that bit out when I asked you what you did. Is that how you knew about the vampires?” A suddenly thought came to Tony’s mind and his eyes widened.
“He suffered from major depressive disorder. At least that’s what the suspected diagnosis was in his records. Hence the recklessness and lack of concern when attempting missions. At one point we were all concerned because...well...”
Something ignited it Tony then. A rage that flooded his very core. He wouldn’t lose this chance. He’d have one thing to his name.
Something broke in Tony’s heart. Like the last vestiges of hope falling away into the distance. Like being close to the sun and then watching the light fade out. Every last hope and dream and shred of happiness and companionship.
“It’s okay.” Steve says quietly above him and when Tony meets his eye, Steve gives him a look of pity and resignation. “It was good while it lasted Shellhead. We had something good.”
“No problem! Anytime Cap!” Iron man replied and Steve pictured a wink under the face plate. He knew Iron man was definitely pleased.
alone Tony.” Rogers says with such intensity it shakes through Tony’s core. “You have me and the team and Rhodey and Pepper. We could never leave you alone, you’re not alone.”
Nat and Clint were lying on each other on one of the three couches positioned around the huge TV. Bruce and Thor had claimed the couch opposite and Steve was seated in the center couch.
“Yeah.” Tony whispered as he watched them all gather their plates quickly and leave without sparing him a glance. “I’d hate me too.”
Tony couldn’t stop smiling. The morning had started out so poorly and yet now things were looking up. And things were just gonna get better.
As Tony made his way to bed, he pictured all the different events he’d attended and even hosted. They’d all been relatively formal but this was actually the first time he’d been invited as a plus one. And he’d never been involved with the government and generally as a rule, he kept to that. This was going to be a first.
The suit turns and looks at him. As is the norm these days, it seems completely unaffected by Steve and it’s
But Steve isn’t convinced. “Tony, I need you to listen. I know this is a lot to take in but you need to listen to me-“
“Hey? What’s on you mind?” Steve rolled over and leaned on his arm, watching Tony’s face carefully. Gone were the earlier smiles.
His legs feel wet. Shakily he sniffs and looks down and feels something shift which feels wrong because he’d been told there’d be early contractions first or-
“S’cuse me. I just saw one of the faces and need to go say hello to some of the monkey suits. I’ll be right back.” Fury lamented, putting his drink down and sliding out of the chair. Maria also followed and so, it was just Sharon and the Commandos.
“Hey, what is going on!?” Carol says, suddenly barging into the meeting room. Behind her, Maria, Natasha and Sam follow closely in full gear.
“Can you take Peter, Tony? Just hold him, just for a moment.” Steve says softly, and at Tony’s tired nod, places the squirming pup in his arms. The pup continues to whine but the cries die down. Within seconds, the pup calms and gazes up at Tony again, seeming fascinated once more.
“Steve...” Tony whispers and slumps back, feeling lightheaded. His heart aches as the cries of his pup get louder. He can’t even shift to hold him. He’s pathetic.
“Stark. We need you to come in.” She sighed, and almost sounded tired. Strangely enough, Tony didn’t think it had anything to do with him.
“Oh, but you see child...” The hand in Tony’s hair tangled itself into his strands. He felt the pull tighten. “Anthony knows the rules. We all know the rules.”
“It does make it difficult, I admit.” Tony snarked and instantly shut his mouth when Zeke paused in laying out his packs on the bed.
As Tony takes slow steps into the mystery room, he holds back a gasp at the sight. What was once a guest room has now been decorated into a perfect room for the pup. There’s Ironman and Captain America and the Avengers all painted on the largest wall as small silhouettes on a tower. The crib sits beside it and next to that are two large sofas and a coffee table. Strange but homey.
It was almost surreal. In the last thirteen moon cycles, Grant had not seen a single thing like it. With that, he lowered his hands from his perch and nodded.
“So I hear you’re employed now? That must’ve come as a shock. How many people go from being partners to being boss and worker?”
Steve talks about the little things. Like what he likes to eat and what they laughed about the first time Steve brought food for him in the lab. What he usually does when he comes home after meetings and how Steve usually meets him for movies nights which usually end up as hot steamy make-out sessions which Tony manages to pry a few details out of Steve.
“Damnit look at me, Tony!” Steve growled, pulling him back with a hand around his arm. “Why the hell haven’t you seen someone yet!? Where’s the rest of your team!? Why have you left them!?" Steve shook him angrily and that was it. Something in him finally snapped.
“Perhaps.” Zeke murmured and fell back against the cushions slowly. “I have already called for help. He should be here soon. Then we can start to consider whether we should wipe them out or not.”
“Sleep. We’ll talk about this when we get home. I promise. And I mean we'll talk about us too. I think there's a lot we need to say. ”
Then suddenly, as Tony crossed him, he snapped. Tony couldn't say he was surprised. He may have forgotten their fight but he could never forget how Steve got when he was right.
“He’d obviously not make up a completely random excuse to have you on the same building, or say, aircraft now, would he?”
Grant had seen them once find something. Only once, in the distance. Some humanoid creature that had stood on two legs like him, and had seemed to hold his hands up and freeze under the blinking lights.
“Either way. I have some questions. Perhaps you can enlighten me?” Steve asked politely, but there was a hint of a warning in the words and nope, Tony had stayed here long enough.
"I know what you thought." Steve sniffed and shook his head miserably. "You must've thought I hated you. When I don't. I just didn't like that you kept Iron man away from me. Everything else was an excuse."
His lungs expanded. His pupils sought the dark sky. He tilted his head back and breathed. For once, he was alive.
“Sure you are! Go hop into your suit and go see what all the fuss is about! I know the Commander has your suit on the top deck! Go get it!”
Tony walked forward until he approached Dugan. Holding out the drink, he smiled and tried not to look at Steve, who’s eyes had been fixed on him since he’d arrived. It was hard to ignore.
Tony closes the book and stands up. His whole body feels numb and shakey and he thinks he's gonna throw up.
-" Tony repeated this time, began to blush, his cheeks starting to go deep red, and he was so close he could
Feeling something dim in the corners of his mind, he held his hands open as she requested and waited patiently for her to hand him something. She gave him an orange juice bottle and gestured to her cheeks.
His face was ice-white, almost as if he’d been preserved like Steve had been once. His lips were blue, as if painted by the same dust as the ground was. And his body was limp and lifeless as Steve cradled him and touched his cheek gently.
“I’m not gonna hurt anyone.” Steve said in a low tone to Maria, but his brows shot miles upwards when Tony felt a sigh escape his lips. Steve’s gaze darted to his lips and sought out his tired eyes.
Tony’s throat burned and stuck as he fiddled with the cuff links in his sleeves. His heart felt like it was being squeezed with tight fingers.
“Let’s go for a walk tomorrow. Spend the day outside. And at night we’ll do some roof-jumps. How about it?”
Tony frowned, closing his hands together tightly behind him to hide how badly they were shaking. “My lord?”
” Tony says, feeling completely stunned and tries to push himself up on the bed even though the obstetrician immediately stops him. “Is that you?”
Tony agreed and without wasting another minute, reached out with his hands and picked Steve up by his waist. In one smooth motion he kicked them into the air and began to carry Steve to the giant robot.
Huge fundamentally ginormous mistake. The kind Tony would beat himself up over for a long long time and Zeke would absolutely beat his ass for doing-
“I know it’s you.” Steve said quietly from the hospital bed and suddenly it was like Tony couldn’t breathe.
“Nick, it’s good to see you!” A familiar voice called out and for once Tony was glad to hear it. It was Pierce.
Standing up, Tony scratched absently at his neck, feeling it throb in time with his heart. It felt fitting that this last mark of Steve’s hurt so much. Hopefully by the time he got back, it would’ve healed and he’d be able to forget. Leave it in the past where it belongs.
Thankyou so much to everyone who’s commented on this! I hope you liked this chapter and I’d really appreciate your thoughts on it! Can you read Steve better than Tony can? What are your thoughts?
"Don't underestimate the power of a good boot." Steve murmured softly, and shifted slowly so that he was lower down Tony's body. "There's plenty they can do."
"My guess would be about just over three weeks. You've been missing for just over a month so that tells me you weren't with the Skrulls for long. What did you do about your injuries?"
“He has already answered. He has nothing left to give.” Strange supplies and Steve somehow thinks it’s meant to be accusing. Still, he soldiers on, stepping closer to them with his hands out.
“No. Nothing’s wrong.” Tony mumbled quietly and looked back down. Steve hummed and continued to read the news.
“What was that?” Tony asked, feeling like he’d been hit by a truck of emotions. Steve, for his part, looked completely nonplussed.
Seemingly pleased, Steve nodded. For some reason, it irritated Tony, even though he couldn't expect Steve to know.
His armor was in the corner. Just opposite Steve’s Captain America chain mail. Tony stepped forward and stared at his reflection in the metal.
All of a sudden, he heard a faint noise. The sound of a truck travelling down the road and signalling to turn into the gas station. Feeling a glimmer of hope, Tony turned and glanced up at the truck driver.
“You’ve never had an interest in me before. Now suddenly you want all of this? I just don’t get it.”
Sighing Steve got up and took the bag with him, feeling the plastic crinkle softly. He might as well cook something for Tony. High protein and carbs since he was very low on energy earlier and he’d lost what little he had eaten from before his heat. Steve didn’t want Tony feeling lightheaded.
“What?” Steve frowned, and when Tony turned to look at him, he noted the sudden tension in his shoulders. If he could’ve, he would’ve told Steve not to worry. It was probably nothing.
They simply sat beside each other on the table in silence and didn’t speak. They didn’t even look at each other, instead choosing to admire the intricate patterns on the table cloth. They didn’t even blink when Maria said she was leaving to find Nick. It was fine.
"Please Carol, just-" He took a shaky breath and to his horror, tears began to build up in his eyes. "Just leave me alone. I'm fine, I promise."
While he’s in the bathroom, he pauses to look at himself in the mirror. Casting a look behind him, he breathes out and lifts up the huge blue shirt.
Pulling one of the wrists closer, Tony stared at the cuff link nestled in the fabric. Then his cheeks started to burn as he realized what they were.
“When did you realize you loved me?” Tony asks hopefully because he wants to know and when Steve had told him, he’d felt so happy after-
He’s not sure how many days go by but he knows he’s not doing so great. He feels unsteady on his feet all the time now and sometimes people do a double take when they see him, almost as if they can’t quite believe what they’re seeing.
Robinson sighed and released him. “I don’t mean to disrespect your company. Or the efforts of the workers. But I cannot overlook your value. You’re fascinating.”
“Yes, sir.” Tony didn’t know why he added the title but it felt right. His father raised him on stories about Dugan and these men. Tony couldn’t really forget that. It was like talking to a living legend.
Slowly, he made his way through the buttons of his white shirt. Once he pulled it off, the pants went next and finally, he pulled out the Shield uniform and began to tug it on.
“Take it Tony. You need it to get better. I’m okay.” The man whispered and dimly Tony pictured golds and yellows. He wasn’t sure why.
It was ironic but at times like this, Tony would generally ask Steve. At least in the past, they’d stop and talk because Steve would notice something was wrong and pull him aside. But that was because Steve cared about him, of course, and Tony could hardly say the same now.
“It’s still pretty sensitive. Maybe that’s a vampire thing but it should wear off soon.” Steve remarked absently, still stroking over the mark and really, Tony was tired of being the last to know things.
It took every ounce of strength to push himself forward. He flew across the room and tried not to cry out at the feeling of his stitches pulling. Luckily Steve had his eyes on whatever was behind him.
Tony held his gaze. “I’ve been outside before. Last year. You let me go and I found blood. I can do it.”
in Tony’s eyes. He was afraid. He was terrified. Even now, standing in front of him the way he was, clearly the stronger of the two, Tony was still not moving. Because he was
His expression must’ve shaken Steve because he instantly back-tracked. “Bad idea? No, you’re right, it’s ridiculous forget i-“
Instead of answering, Steve hummed lightly and smiled politely at some of the cameras, lifting his free hand to wave. He didn’t look at Tony but urged them both forward purposefully.
It had been weeks since the broadcast. Nothing was the same. Natasha and Clint had broken more items that anyone could count. Sam had broken knuckles over and over, causing bruises that would eventually heal, unlike the deep-seated damage everyone had been dealt. Wanda had avoided team meetings as much as possible and Bucky had started leaving the tower more often. He felt the worst, probably because he had been starting to talk to Tony more.
Steve didn’t notice. He was too busy lamenting to notice. “I really didn’t expect it to feel that...”
“Just reached now.” Tony heard Steve frown before he even spoke. “It’s empty. No heat signatures, nothing.”
“I-“ His mind was a mess. Where was all of this coming from? All because of their disagreement at the table, they’d suddenly gotten to this?
With a sigh, Steve shook his head and lowered his voice, clearly sensing something was wrong. “What is it?” The words were soft but somehow it felt like Steve was trying to block him from others sights.
Steve nodded as he listened. "You're definitely concussed. It looks old. How long have you been here?"
“W-What?” Tony asked once he stopped, but his shoulders were much more relaxed and somehow talking had become easier.
“You asked for this Captain. This is what you wanted. Don’t come crying to us when you regret it.” Reed says quietly, but the words scream louder than any shout Steve has ever heard from him.
“That...what was that?” Tony asked quietly, finally lowering his hand to stare at Steve. He couldn’t believe what had just happened. He couldn’t even begin to decipher what Steve had been thinking. If it was anyone else, Tony would have thought they were making a move on him (though most people were never so quick to let go).
“That was a mistake in the initial assessment. I think you’ll find you’re the most recommended. Congratulations Stark. You’re an Avenger.”
”In the event of an attack or threat to the operating base, you may be instructed by higher authorization to engage in combat with use of fire-arms.” Tony read out loud and looked up. “I know what that means Steve. You can’t expect me to agree.”
Sometimes he catches himself in a glass window and finds himself staring. A man with a complexion like ice stares back, the only signs of life the flushed red on his cheeks under his overgrown beard.
"I'm sorry about that morning. I really am. You shouldn't forgive me for that." He said, watching the way the rays washed over Steve's features. It made him look completely golden. Ethereal.
“Oh please!” Tony laughed sharply and clicked his armor into place. “I enjoyed the sex. But that’s all I ever wanted. Don’t get ahead of yourself thinking you know me, because you sure as hell don’t. You don’t know what I’ve been through.”
Robinson managed to crawl under but issued a series of commands, and in the blink of an eye, they were caught off guard.
None of those things had happened. Not even fulfilling the contract he'd signed. He felt more isolated than ever.
“What’re you gonna do? Put on the suit.” Steve grit out and pushed closer until they were just nano-meters away-
Hesitantly, Tony waved back. He even threw a smile in, and delighted, Pierce gestured for them to come over. This time, Fury lifted his hand and held a finger. Pierce nodded and carried on talking. The moment was gone.
Steve sighed and leaned back, stretching his arms across the back of the seats. He crossed his legs and leveled Tony with a solid gaze.
“But can we go now?” Edmund insisted and Tony scoffed, receiving daggers from Edmund and his little group. Tony didn’t care, he just smirked and gave them a little wave.
“You’re in Stark tower.” Steve felt something cold slide down his cheeks and instantly wanted to pull Tony into his arms. But he couldn’t. He had to keep calm, because Tony had been kidnapped and mind controlled for months now and was likely traumatized by what he’d gone through. And what that man could’ve forced him into.
Shaking himself out of these thoughts, Tony looked around the rest of the room. As usual, Zeke’s peculiar taste had spread to all aspects of the square room, the ugly faded colors of the large rug in the center enforcing a certain era on the walls. The furniture was all wooden, carved swirls into the chest of draws and wardrobe, and the same was found on the bed frame and desk. The only thing Tony even remotely liked about this room was the fire place below the Stane portrait. It was the only thing warm in this frozen room.
Tony pauses and looks up, wondering how the man hasn’t made a sound yet. It occurs to him then that the man has left. There’s nothing but the cold breeze of a ghost. He’s gone.
“It’s a fail safe. What else do you think?” Reed mumbles and Steve sighs and turns on his heel to face him.
For some reason Tony felt his skin start to heat at the comment. On instinct he glanced at his uniform and shook his head.
Rhodey stares at him for a moment through the stoic gaze of the War machine armor. He glances at Ty blubbering in the corner briefly before turning to Tony.
He’d sent the contract back with a few requests but they’d been denied. He wasn’t going to be head of the department and Steve was not going to back down from the Commander line.
Again, the burning desire to throw something at someone increases and briefly, Tony eyes the empty brown bottle by his feet. But then it simmers for a moment and finally dies back down.
“T-Stark. What are you doing here?” Steve asked even though Tony knew he’d seen the folders. Still, he somehow looked shocked to see him.
Tony has been wondering. It’s been a few weeks and Ty hasn’t instigated anything like that unless it’s around Steve. Steve has been doing it since day one.
“Fine.” He held up his hands and sighed. “So we don’t have any doubts here, I’m saying it now, it’s a bad idea. Me and him-“
It wasn’t long before the helicopter came to a complete stop on the flight path of the Helicarrier. Once the shuddering came to a stop, Tony waited with a baited breath for the seal to release and the doors to slide open. One by one, they all took their headphones off and climbed out. As soon as his feet touched the ground, he started looking around carefully.
Eventually a young woman with blond hair and green eyes spoke up from the group. Her thin lips curved up, ever so slightly as she reached over and picked up the TV remote.
“Thank you.” Steve said sincerely, wondering just how him and Tony had gotten such good friends. “What about the forged records?”
Both Ty and Rogers insist on taking him back to the tower. The doctor says he just needs to recover and that he has a mild concussion but that’s it. So naturally they all wonder if he just needs time and then he’ll be fine.
Tony shuffled around on the bed and looked at Steve’s calm face. Asleep like this, Tony could admire every part of him.
The apathy has seeped into his bones. He’s set like this now-his new default. There’s no going back.
The weight of the ongoing stress threatened to crush him for a moment, and it was enough to once again make him question whether he was just being unnecessarily cruel bringing Sharon along. How was it fair that only a week after they’d broken up, he was asking her to come on this mission of all things?
It was just him here. No one else. But he remembered vague details of several voices, one of which had been Steve’s for sure. His hand went up to his lips instinctively.
With wavering thoughts and a tired heart, Tony stepped through and knocked lightly on Steve’s private door.
"You wanna say that again pal?" Steve said through grit teeth, and clenched his bloodied fist tightly and that was when Tony noticed Ben's nose had broken.
But maybe this could be his new start. Maybe he could find his place amongst these people. There were so many groups and maybe he could find companionship amongst these men and women. Something like what he’d had before, even if it was just an ounce of that.
“T-Tony...i’s okay...” Steve whispered and Tony felt more of Steve’s weight all of a sudden. “It’ll...be okay...”
"Catch!" Tony coughed out and flung the shield with all his might in Steve's direction. And silently, he prayed Steve would catch it.
Tony felt Steve’s entire body still at that. Then he felt Steve’s fingers reach out and curl around him tightly.
” Rogers begs and when Tony sees him, he feels a little sick to his stomach. Rogers has gone ice-white.
“I must’ve changed the course when I changed in Afghanistan. That must’ve been the reason.” Tony sighed and turned to look out of the window again. The rays painted a code of color around the room, and in the center, Steve stared back at him.
Tony was a genius at the best of times. But he had no idea what Steve was talking about. Sometimes Tony wondered if he was secretly talking about something else. Either way, the way Steve’s eyes were watching him, made Tony feel like he was being pinned down with the force of that stare.
“Them, it’s not-“ Steve sent the door a look that Tony thought was deadly and somewhat unlike Steve. “You need to be based somewhere else.”
“We’ve removed the bullets and stitched up the wounds. He’s lucky they didn’t hit any major organs but he did lose blood. And adding to what we found on the initial results...”
Do you know what day it is?” Steve said softly, keeping his eyes fixed on the table between them. If he was affected by what was about to come, he didn’t give any hint of it whatsoever.
“Hello Steve. Fancy meeting you here.” Tony purred and turned slowly like it was nothing more than a stranger from work. He didn’t even have to make eye contact if he fancied.
“You know Nick...” Pierce said loudly, cutting him off without taking his eyes off Tony. “I think the best decision you ever made was bringing in this one.”
Tony heard the words pass him. He didn’t say a thing and he felt his vision start to narrow to the sharp cobblestone floor. He could hear the words and track the voices, but it was like he was completely detached from his body. It was like watching the world through glass.
Steve stopped short and gave him a marginally irritated look and for a second, Tony genuinely panicked and wondered if he’d overstepped. He probably needed to make amends.
After some time, the helicopter started to descend and Tony felt his stomach shift as the pressure popped his ears. Beside him, the various shield escorts said nothing, busy speaking to each other on a separate channel in the headphones in a heated discussion.
Tony watched distantly as Steve kept one arm around him and leaned over to grab the tray. Once he had it, he settled it on his lap and held out the bowl. It was definitely soup.
No mark yet. Or ever. Just like always. He skin was plain as a sheet. Nothing but scars and false hope.
There was a brief pause where Tony watched them glance at each other with a knowing look. Finally one answered.
Heart soaring, he switched on the slick black tablet and allowed it to power on. Once he was in, he went into the folders and tapped on the file that said ‘assignments. There he found a list of documents that seemed to link to various blueprints.
The man grunted and snapped at him, pushing forward against his hands. Unnerved, Tony changed his tact a little and let a hand slip into the blond hair gently. A strange but wonderful idea came to his mind. He’d already been caught so he might as well enjoy himself. It wasn’t everyday he met a man like this.
“I don’t know Rogers. I need to get to know him.” Tony tosses over his shoulder and waves a hand. “Jarvis, help Ty find a guest bedroom. Cap, follow me.”
Tony spoke faster, all thoughts that he wanted to discuss his discovery vanished and panic took over. “I really screwed up but I promise, as soon as we’re back, I’ll be sure to never bring it up again and I won’t shout at you again- Hell, I'll even be more careful in the suit if that'll make you-“
“Your mark Tony. Your-“ Steve’s calm facade started to chip away. A tear fell down his cheek as he looked down at Tony and smiled. “I’ve seen your mark.”
Tony felt like smacking the agent. What was wrong with him? "Of course I'm not! Where are they?!" He snapped and thankfully the agent pointed ahead towards the largest tower of smoke.
restaurant, no matter what Steve thought. Just because this had been their first official place to start dating, didn’t mean that Steve had more of a right to it. Steve didn’t even
Tony scoffed but he knew his cheeks were starting to heat again. To cover, he poured himself a glass of wine and took a sip. When he pulled back, Dugan was silently laughing at him.
For some reason, Tony gets the distinct impression he’s being laughed at. But Ty smiles softly and tilts his head ever so slightly, in that way he does when he thinks Tony’s being cute. Ty really hasn’t changed in some ways. Sometimes Tony’s taken right back to his MIT years.
Silence reigns between the two for a brief moment, the only noise in the room is the faint bustle from the hallway and the soft beeping of the ECG monitor.
Natasha sighs fondly, rolling her eyes as they turn around and silently make their way back to their own floors.
"And I'm saying it's about bloody time, Rogers" he whispers as they pull apart, chuckling as the blonde's blush deepens.
The last part makes him laugh wetly as the scientist takes the cup away - he's finished the liquid now.
He leans into the touch, savouring the kindness and softness and the safety it brings, a weak hand of his own coming up and encircling the other.
The blonde shakes his head weakly, but appears determined to finish - if there was anything his brief time in the ice cage has taught him, it's that he needed to say some things now or risk never being able to say them. "The past few months I've felt more at home than I think I did even back in the forties, even with Bucky or my Ma. And I have you to thank for that, Tony. You've given me a place to live, laugh, to feel loved when I thought everything was gone. You showed me that you cared, even given your past and what you had to deal with growing up. You and Nat and Clint and Bruce and Thor and everyone else have shown me that the 21st century isn't half bad, and that I actually feel like I have a family again."
But he sobers quickly as he opens his eyes and takes in Tony's dishevelled and exhausted form - he doesn't look like he's slept in months, even though he knows it's only been a day since he's been gone.
Everything around him is soft, comforting. No more is the cold, hard floor of ice under his head and naked back, with its unforgiving harshness. Now, there is something soft under his head, his body is swathed in warm and soft and comfort. There’s no more hum of the ice container, now just a quiet beeping and the only hum is that of hushed voices nearby.
A gentle, more chaste kiss is pressed to his temple before Tony replies with "I don't want to wait for you any longer, either."
"Steve" Tony begins, taking the soldier's hands and forcing his gaze upwards. "Are you saying that-"
"And then Bruce owes both of us ten each" Clint continues, his own grin turning wicked as he shoots out a message on his phone to the other scientist with a photo attached of the scene below them.
Tony presses another kiss to the blonde head of hair under his chin as he shifts so they're laying down together side by side in the hospital bed.
His eyes fly open, panic soaring up his throat as he becomes aware with a strangled gasp. He can feel his body start to tremble violently, but with residual cold or fear he’s not sure.
The billionaire laughs outright at that point - a sound full of joy, relief, and maybe broken by a few tears of his own. He leans forward and pulls them back into another kiss.
Tony freezes for the briefest of seconds, before softening his lips and relaxing into the kiss - one warm hand coming up and cupping the back of Steve's head. The kiss doesn't last long, but they both part with a smile.
"I waited too long last time" Steve agrees, leaning his tired, aching head on Tony's shoulder - and smiling contentedly when he feels the older man's arms come up and encircle him protectively. "I don't want to wait any longer."
Tony catches him looking and chuckles to himself, as if knowing exactly what's going through his head at that moment.
The older man leans back, head tilting slightly to the side - as if the soldier is an engineering puzzle he just can't quite figure out. "Steve-"
Steve smiles and closes his eyes and yawns as the lingering exhaustion threatens to take over once more. "I'll always want to hang out with you, Tony" he mutters, settling his head deeper into the crook of the billionaire's neck and sighing as he lets sleep take him once more. "C'se I luv you...."
"I thought-" his voice breaks, choking on the tears that threaten to fall. But Tony knows, and he strokes his temple soothingly, passing over a cup of lukewarm water - the billionaire knows he won't take the ice chips.
He ignores the whimper that escapes his lips as he relaxes back into the plushness of what he now realises are pillows behind him, also ignoring the wetness of his cheeks and the painful stinging behind his eyes.
