It was only once the funeral pyre had all but burnt out that Dean finally relinquished his hold on the baby. Shaking hands unwrapped the fabric and passed the confused infant over to Sam. He didn’t look at either before turning away. Jack let out a soft cry behind him but he couldn’t do it. He couldn’t look back. He couldn’t, he couldn’t, he couldn’t. He fell to his knees beside the pile of ashes instead. He stared at all that remained of the one who held his heart.
He knew the offer would be accepted before Cas even realized he was moving. “What, Cas?” He asked, once the other was seated beside him. The space between their bodies simultaneously too much and not enough. Dean wondered when this rift happened. When did they let themselves drift apart like this?
Rolling his eyes Dean walked up behind him and circled his arms around his mates waist. Propping his chin on Castiel’s shoulder he pressed a soft kiss to his mating bite before peppering more kisses up the side of his neck and up to his temple. “Everything will be, Angel. You worry too much.”
“He’s in heat.”
They had only been officially mated for a few months. Cas had just started his pre-heat mood swings and finally demanded Dean either bite him and claim his ass or he’ll go find an alpha who would. Who was Dean to turn down such a romantic request. Now they proudly wore each other's bite and Dean— well Dean had plans.
But he could only hold on for so long and as his voice cracked on the words, tears spilled down his cheeks. Because this was the thing Cas fought so hard to protect. This was the being Cas gave his life for. This was Castiel’s baby. This was Castiel’s baby and he missed him. Jack just wanted his father and he didn’t understand and he was hurting for it. He just-- didn’t understand that Dean did too. This was his baby. No matter the circumstances, and the heartbreak and pain it brought, this was their baby.
There was a faint crying coming from the end of the hall that only increased as Dean got closer. He could hear Sam gently speaking but he couldn’t understand the words. Even as he pushed the door open and blinked, face devoid of all emotions, he didn’t understand.
“Cas--”
Christmas, Dean decided, wasn’t actually so bad anymore. He wasn’t sure if it was the fact that they weren’t constantly moving around and could settle in one place for the holiday. Or if it was because they weren’t constantly fighting for their lives anymore or trying to stop another apocalypse. Or if it was because the bright smell of cloves and honey and sunlight after a storm permeated the air around him.
“I didn’t—“ He didn’t know how to finish the thought. He did. He had been and he knew the other knew. There was a pull in him he couldn’t ignore and it seemed the other Dean already knew it. He shut the bedroom door, cutting off the smell still permeating the air. It helped to clear his senses, but he still felt sick. “Why?” It came out as a desperate croak and he watched Dean’s face twist ruefully.
“Nothing, Cas. We were just having a conversation.”
Pivoting his body, Cas grabbed Dean’s cheeks and forced him to look him in the eye. He couldn't do it. He wouldn't do it. “You do this. Every year. You seclude yourself. You pull away, you push me aside when I try to help. What the hell am I then? If not your family, what the hell am I? You say you’re cursed to be alone every Christmas? Well whose fucking fault is that, Dean?” He pressed their foreheads together and let out a shaky puff of air, “I’m right fucking here.”
“Didn’t you get tired of it? Running from Heaven, from Hell and everyone in between?” There was a contemplative look on his face as Lucifer ground his foot down, bone crumbling and blood staining perfect white pants. Cas tried desperately to pull away but every movement sent waves of heat and pain shooting through his very being.
“Come on now man, that one’s mine.” Dean teased as he came over and pulled Sam into a bear hug. Sam rolled his eyes but pat him on the back anyway after letting Cas slip away to greet Eileen.
It had been a trap. Fuck. Of course it had been a trap. It had been too easy— just walk right up through the front door? Fuck. Of course it was a trap but Dean said… Dean said it would be okay. He said it was all part of the plan, he said— Cold dread settled in the pit of his stomach.
There was a sharp inhale and Dean froze at the slight watery sound, the forced out breath,
It didn’t matter though. No matter how many precautions they took. No matter how they limited access to the floor. In the past ten months, their usual number of pregnancies barely reached a third of what it once was. Of those that were able to conceive, few of the babies born had survived, and not without major complications. When examined the mothers were devastated to learn they were all but barren. Blame was placed on the hospital at first. Then tensions rose when other areas started reporting the same information.
He could just make out the cabin through the still falling snow and his stomach dropped out as he realized there was a dark shape slumped on the porch  steps.
There were fading bite marks and bruises littering his skin. Purple and brown and yellow covering the ashen canvas. The sheen of sweat only made the colors stand out stark in the dark room. Thin red nail marks scratched down a lean back and along pale thighs. Slim hips rolled almost teasingly and a soft whine slipped from bitten red lips. His breath caught in his throat at the sight.
“That’s not what I meant—“ he tried feebly but Dean had already unfolded his arms and his hands clenched into fists at his side.
He refused to look at his arm. Refused to look at the new exposed bone, at the unnatural angle. “But Dean wouldn’t do that to you, would he?” The way he said Dean’s name made bile rise in the back of Cas’s throat. He wanted to be sick, from the pain, the putrid smell of blood, the words. He wanted to be sick. “He would, Castiel. And he did. And now you’ll die here.”
Cas barely had time to open his mouth before there was a loud ruckus outside the house. A rumbling engine cut off. Loud, deep laughter. The crack of beer cans opening. He felt his heart leap from his chest as realization hit him. It was the patrol. They were back. Dean was back. He watched Wes’s lip curl back in disgust before he was roughly shoved away. His back hit the wall with a thud. The second his hand released Cas’s neck the door opened.
The sharp sound of a hand connecting with skin cut through the night air. Dean’s mouth dropped open as he brought his hand up to press against his stinging cheek. Blinking rapidly he leveled a disbelieving look at Cas.
“My flight will get in at 7:45… are you sure you’ll be able to pick me up?” Castiel worried his bottom lip between his teeth as he folded the last of his shirts (the ones going with him on the flight at least) and shoved them into his suitcase. The answering cackle from the other end of the line was almost instant.
From the couch Cas ‘tutted’, “Language.” Claire rolled her eyes and stuck her tongue out at Cas before turning back to Jack and giving him a hug. The cheeseburger pants grasped tightly in her hands as she rubbed the back of his head affectionately.
Here we go folxs! This doesn't have a set posting schedule yet, but hopefully I'll get it going at a set pace soon enough.
Flinging the door open Dean took off down the path that led to his and Cas’s shared cabin. Pressing the walkie talkie to his lips he pressed the button to override the other line.
Christmas, Dean decided, wasn’t actually so bad anymore. He has officially decided it was because of the bright smell of cloves and honey and vanilla wrapped in sunlight after a storm.
A sharp pain in his chest. A sting that radiated out in waves over his body. A scream. His own? It didn’t sound like it. Took far away, too deep. Too... Dean. Then Lucifer’s face, swimming in and out of focus. “Ah ah, now none of that.” A twist and the blade was all he could feel as it tore through his heart.
There was static on the other end of the walkie talkie and Dean wanted to throw the damn thing at the wall. It was the middle of the night. What on Earth could be so important that Cas needed to buzz him at that instant?
Tears burned his cheeks as they fell, but he couldn’t be bothered to wipe them away.
Then he was gone. The front door banging shut and leaving his parting words hanging in the air. It was suffocating. The realization that he hated the him that just walked out. The him who could hurt Cas like that but still try to make it right without really trying. He hated it almost as much as the burning rose petals surrounding him.
He craved that attention Dean had given him. He needed it like the air in his lungs. He’d promised, but Dean wasn’t here, and Cas needed to feel something again.
The world grew still around them and Dean finally looked over at his companion. Cas was no longer watching him or the fire. Instead he was staring at the long scar across the back of one hand where it disappeared up his sleeve. His expression was distant and his voice thick when he finally spoke again. “No.” He looked up to meet Dean’s eye then, “No, it wasn’t.”
It took 25 minutes of sitting in an uncomfortable chair. 25 minutes of bouncing his foot impatiently, scowling with narrowed eyes at the woman sitting across from him who seemed to have an aversion to keeping her mask in place. 25 minutes before Annis stepped out of the door and called his name, eyes crinkling in what he assumed was a friendly smile.
It was an act done in the name of love.
What could be so damn important that he’d call on Dean not even hours after their spat. Silence met him and he could feel his anger mounting. So he’d incessantly buzzed Dean, in the middle of the night, just to ghost him again? Who the fuck did Cas think he was? He was done with these games. He was sick and tired of the bullshit.
“Ugh, Daaad.” She whined and crossed her arms over her chest, “What are you waiting on? For him to smell it first?”
“It’s too flowery.” Castiel jumped slightly at the sudden gruff voice. Eyes wide, he glanced over his shoulder at where Dean was leaning over the back of the couch to look at what he had been writing. The blond had a frown on his face as he skimmed over the previous paragraph. “I know you were trying to veer away from text book and all. But now you’re making it sound like the beginning of some trashy romance novel.”
Sam scoffed with a smile. “She’s pregnant, Dean, you know that, of course she’s large.” The expression turned fond and the apple scent around them sweetened. “Things are going really well. Just hit six months and the little bugger is super active.” The almost longing look on Dean’s face made Sam’s heartache. His brother had always been the more pup oriented of the two. Always talking about wanting to settle down and raise a family. “Have you and Cas talked about… you know… having pups?”
- The story of the Poinsettia
The Covid-20 mutation born from the initial vaccine neutralized the affects, but caused infertility. Humanity suffered as populations dwindled. Women had trouble getting pregnant, and those that could rarely carried to full-term. Those that did were the result of medical intervention. Those babies born, were different. This is where our story begins; with the man mutated Covid-21.
The small sound was enough to make the warmth pressed against him jerk awake as well. In the next second there were hands pressed against his cheeks, forcing his head back to look up. Frantic green eyes looked back and he felt his brows draw together in confusion.
Dean flashed him a bright grin, “And I hate it when you flash those pretty golds at me, yet you still do. Now. From the beginning? Come on, Cas, it isn’t rocket science.” Cas reached over and flicked his forehead with a scowl. Dean ducked away quickly with a shit eating grin before gesturing to him to get on with it. “And don’t make it trashy.” He teased, nudging at Castiel’s leg with his big toe.
His vision was going dark and he hoped he’d pass out soon. He was jerked forward and back as his eyes started to close and Lucifer drew his face closer and hissed, “You ran from us all, and for what? The love of one man?” He yanked his hand away and grabbed the chain holding the ring.
There was a disgusted sneer on his face, and he left the knife protruding from Wes’s neck as he scooped Cas up into his arms. The former Angel was out cold and Dean tried his best to keep from waking him as he pulled a soft sweater over his bruised torso. He ignored the red staining the floor boards. He ignored the red smears across his arms and hands and legs.
He felt Cas shift ever so slightly closer to his side before he murmured, “Because I still have you.” Dean let him move a hand to rest over top of his own. “Why does the 23rd haunt you, Bee?” Dean huffed and rolled his eyes at the nickname as he turned one hand over to tangle their fingers together. It was too close. Too close, too close, too close but Dean couldn't help it. He wanted and needed and Cas was
Reaching over the bed, Cas dug around under the mattress blindly. If Dean was allowed to break their promise, then so was he. If Dean was allowed to go sleep around again, Cas was allowed his Vicodin. His hand made contact with the small pill bottle and he smiled ruefully.
“You’re right.” He repeated as he dropped Cas’s hands and took another step back. Clenching his jaw he met blue eyes briefly before turning on his heel and stalking away toward their cabin. It was a stupid thing to do. He should have stayed. Should have talked about it. He should have fixed whatever broken thing had settled between them. Yet at the same time he knew Cas would forgive him. He always forgave him, and Dean would continue to push and push and push.
“Too many failed attempts to keep my scent covered.” Cas shrugged slightly, pulling the oversized Henley sleeves, one Dean vaguely recognized as his own, further over his hands. “When the virus first broke out Dean realized my scent attracted too much attention, being unmated and all it was just doing what it was meant to.” He sat on the threadbare couch and stared at the shut door, lips pursed into a frown. “We tried medication, suppressants, scent marking,” A forced grin was shot his way and a self deprecating, “Nothing worked. It just morphed and tainted itself and now--”
“Finish that sentence and you can stay outside tonight.” Cas cut in sharply, eyes narrowing as he forcibly moved Dean’s face to look at him again. “It was what you meant. It’s always what you mean.” There was a bitter note to his voice that made Dean flush in shame. It hurt. It hurt a lot, because he knew it was the truth. It was the truth and Dean hated himself for it.
With a heavy heart he dragged himself to the outpatient lobby and handed the reception desk the vaccine order. The blonde studied it for a long moment, her brows drawn together in confusion before she glanced back up at him. “The 21 vaccine? I didn’t think we were administering that here yet.” Castiel shrugged and looked away, they weren’t.
Instead he walked away. He walked away as the hitch in Cas’s breathing rang through the frozen air. He walked away because that’s all he could do. He didn’t deserve the kind of loyalty Cas bestowed on him. He didn’t deserve it because he couldn’t bring himself to give it back. Because if he gave it back, he wouldn't be able to stop. If he gave it back, Cas would get hurt. Instead he walked away. Even when he knew it hurt the fallen Angel every time.
The wind was picking up again by the time he reached Cas’s limp form. His eyes were closed, and his skin was bright red and icy, “Cas? Cas, please— Cas you gotta—“ He cut himself off as he hauled the former Angel into his arms and cradled him to his chest. “It’s okay, Angel. It’s okay, I’ve got you. I’m here now.”
“Hush little baby… don’t you cry--”
“Because you never believe me, Dean.”
Fuck. Cas. Without a thought, Dean dropped the walkie and pushed himself to go faster. The snow clouded his vision and made running difficult but he couldn’t stop. Couldn’t slow down, because that was Cas. That was Cas and he wasn’t moving and Dean felt his heart seize up. “Cas!”
There was a bite to his nails as they dug through Dean’s shirt, and a tremble in his hands. Dean’s heart ached for him when there was a sharp intake of breath and a shaky exhale. “What happened?” He broke off to lay back, his body instantly curling around Dean where he still leaned against the couch. “After he-- What happened?”
——————
Something in his clipped and distant tone must have clicked with her because she quickly typed something out, stamped his vaccine record and handed it back.
“Falling wasn’t a curse on you?”
His vision went red the second he opened the hut door. Wes stood over Cas’s broken and naked form. He was just zipping up his pants, and Dean didn’t hesitate. The gunshots rang through the dark without another thought. Wes let out an ear splitting scream and crumbled to the floor, hands flying to the bullet wound in his leg. He jerked his head back to stare, wide eyed at Dean. “You-- You shot me. You turned on your own kind for him? Why?”
But Jack— Jack he could hear.
He was almost afraid the walkie talkie would snap in half with the force of the hold he had on it. He didn’t care if he broke it though. He didn’t care that his fingers were starting to ache. He didn’t care that his hands were shaking.
It hurt like a punch to the gut. Just the way Dean had said it. Disgusting. Even the Dean of this time couldn’t stomach the smell. “Oh but wait, maybe you’re actually referring to the fact he refuses to let me claim him?” There was a burning smell radiating off of Dean in waves. Burnt burnt rubber and sour apples and something vaguely resembling sulfur. It made him gag just as the sickly sweet clementine.
The continued beeping from beside his head had Dean scowling. Cracking his eyes open he glanced out the window, aside from the bright snow building up on the glass it was still dark. The beeping continued and he groaned as he pushed the blanket down enough to reach over to the side table.
. Thought I could have anyone, and no one was good enough for me. It’s funny that the one person we want doesn’t want us anymore, isn’t it?” There was a jagged edge to his words. It cut along his nerves and flayed his senses. It was an old hurt. One he didn’t want to know how long it’d been there.
A similar folder was open in her hands and she tapped at one of the pages with her capped pen. “You haven’t been with us long, but there is no denying you are good, Dr. Novak. Very good.” She set the folder down and Cas furrowed his brows at the chart listing his patients. Naomi followed his line of vision and gave what Cas assumed was a forced smile under her mask.
Jack wouldn’t stop. Two weeks later Sam was frantically banging on Dean’s bedroom door, Jack’s screaming, red face pressed against his shoulder. He knew his brother was begging him to open up. Begging him to just try and calm him… but Dean couldn’t. He wouldn’t. That baby took Cas’ life. He wasn’t about to give him his place in the family too. He rolled over on his side and pressed the tiny capsule of ashes to his lips as he screwed his eyes shut.
There was a clanging of pans on the other line, then faint cursing before,
Picking up the syringe and tiny vile of liquid she asked, eyes never leaving what she was doing, “Did you have any questions for me? Ones that hopefully I can actually answer.” There was a teasing quality to her voice but he knew better. He shook his head no instead as she wiped his arm and stuck him with the needle.
“Not yet.”
Stroking his fingers over the still flat plane of Castiel’s stomach Dean pressed his face into the hair at the nape of his neck. “That’s our pup.” Dean breathed in amazement, heart threatening to rip from his chest with how hard it was beating. “That’s our pup.”
He longed for the time he could press his nose into soft brown hair and smell home. “I can’t call you family, Cas.” He muttered after a moment of silence. Cas remained still and quiet where he was curled into his side. Dean wondered vaguely if Cas was too stoned to even register he was speaking. To his own disgust he hoped that was the case. Cas didn’t need to know. It’d only hurt him more. It’d only hurt them both more. That was after all, the curse Dean was forced to carry.
Castiel realized Annis was a dirty liar when half an hour later he was downing an unrecommended amount of pain medicine as his arm felt like it was on fire and had been struck by lightning all at once. Thank God this vaccine only had one dose.
Swinging over the back of the couch to land on the cushion next to Castiel, the alpha tapped his pointer finger against his nose. “It can’t be that hard. All they want is your personal experience, Cas.” That gained him another groan in response. With a stifled laugh Dean propped his feet up on the coffee table and folded his arms over his chest. “Is this really causing you that much trouble?”
Sam was hunched over the table, hands buried in his hair as Jack screamed from the small bassinet beside him. He jerked his head around the second Dean picked Jack up. Silence. Tiny bright eyes stared up at Dean’s impassive face. And there were tears in his own eyes and he refused to look down at the baby but he just-- “He’s all that’s left of-- of him.” And he left the room. Jack cradled in his arms and Sam’s concerned voice calling after him.
So that was that. The end of his double found him staring blankly at his now empty locker and signed transfer papers in his hands. He wasn’t quite sure how to feel just yet. Sure, this was a huge step forward for his career but at the same time this was his entire life they were uprooting. He was being forced to move hundreds of miles away to a place he’s never been to. To start a job he wasn’t sure he was capable of doing.
Dean had never liked Cas’s mounting drug addictions. So naturally, Cas made a point to rub it in his face every time they had an argument. It gave him a sick sense of pleasure to see his partner’s face twist in disgust. It reminded him he still had power over something. Though at the same time, Cas never liked Dean running off after anyone in camp willing to spread their legs for him.
But it was required in Kansas, as Naomi had so kindly reminded him as she handed him the vaccine order. It was required for him to travel there, to live there. It wasn’t that he disagreed with the mandate, God knows he agreed that everyone should be vaccinated. There was just something about the new one that still didn’t sit right with him and he would have liked to study it more first. “I have to have it.” Because a mandate was put out before actual tests were run. Because they decided to use entire states as the test subjects. And he was unfortunately about to be their newest guinea pig.
It was in the midst of these ruminations that Castiel became aware of the presence of the dryad.
Castiel complied, and after a moment of holding it, he said, much slower this time, “I wanted another horse for a reason, Dean. I’ve actually been looking around for one. I… I wanted us to go riding. Together. Summer’s coming up so we won’t be able to ride in the heat of the day, but I just pictured us riding out at dawn, just the two of us.” He gave Dean that unbearably hopeful look, and Dean didn’t have time to compose himself before Castiel was taking his expression of complete and utter shock as a rejection. “I’m sorry, Dean. I should have told you.”
Cas shrugged, and approached Dean as one might approach a hungry tiger whose cage was coming unlocked. He, himself, felt as though he were slowly coming undone at the smell of want radiating off the hunter. “Does this mean that there will be a first time?” He asked, suddenly shy. “Once you’re back to yourself, I mean.”
Castiel was still just a little bitter.
But it was worth it, in the end, if only for the pictures – both the ones he took of the dogpile on his bed, and the ones he took of Dean snuggled up to Castiel, head pillowed on the angel’s chest, which would make for excellent blackmail material in the weeks and months to come.
Frowning, Castiel smoothed a stray lock of hair out of Dean’s eyes. “I’m sorry, Dean. Being human is…. Intense,” he settled on. “And I’ve missed you. Oh, how I’ve missed you.”
“Damn angels,” he complained to himself. “Setting me down in the middle of freaking nowhere.”
“Yeah? What about it?” Dean prompted.
Sam rushed out of their dwelling, took one look at Dean and tutted in that way of his, lowering himself to the ground to wrap his arms around his brother. “Oh, Dean,” he said. “What happened?”
I loved writing this story and may come back to it at some point in the future, but inspiration has led me elsewhere. Thank you to everyone who has read and commented on and supported this story.
Castiel’s hand hovered over the fruit. “Thank you,” he said, after a long pause. He bit into its soft, sweet flesh, surprised at the succulence of the taste. He groaned in appreciation, and took a moment to lick the juices off his fingers and from his mouth.
“My beautiful angel,” Dean panted, thrusts becoming more and more unsteady. “My beloved.”
He might have taken the long way ‘round, but in the end, every road he’d ever taken had led him back to where he belonged – into the warm, loving arms of a certain Dean Winchester.
The other blinked at him as he began his descent into the river bed.
By some miracle, he found his way home. It was only then that he realized he still had the necklace in his hands. He picked it up, held it to the light, and drew it close to his chest.
“It’s too early to tell,” Gabriel said, voice colored with a strange sort of sorrow, like he had the weight of eons bearing down upon him.
Dean turned away, lest his brother catch the sudden blush that had found its way onto his cheeks. “There might be someone…” He hesitated, dragging the heel of his foot along the packed ground that made up their floor.
“Dry-what?” Dean asked, dismounting and falling to the forest floor in a graceless heap.
Of course, Castiel would have done this. It was just like him – thoughtful and selfless. And of course, Dean had been an utter ass about it.
“Mom,” he whispered, voice warbling.
He didn’t have Castiel’s knack with animals. Truth be told, he was fairly good with dogs and cats and could make most domestic animals come to him with a simple gesture; however, he was out of his depth when it came to possums and other wild animals, and it didn’t help that he couldn’t communicate with them as fluently as Castiel.
“Oh? Because it says this medicine will render you ‘hard-pressed’ not to feel that special someone ‘in all her exquisite glory.’” Castiel frowned. “I think you took a sex pill. Would you like me to put on some pornography?”
Castiel nodded. “If anyone can remember without suffering the consequences, it’s them.”
“How did you choose?”
Gabriel turned towards Dean, and began to walk towards him with measured steps. “Memories,” he said. “Such fickle things. So very fleeting. And ever. So. Fragile.” He closed his hands into fists. “Castiel,” he said, shaking his head. “How many times do I need to tell you that they are incapable of remembering?”
That was all he was, now. A man. Nothing more, nothing less.
“Gabriel,” Michael said, voice gentler than it had been all night. “I thought I could make you see reason. We are the stewards of the last vestiges of humanity. Those souls by the foot of the mountain, in the forest… They are all that is left of our Father’s Creation. I won’t let you send them to their deaths, and if you try, I’m warning you now that I will stop you using any means necessary.” Michael took in a deep, shaky breath. “However,” he said, a sad smile forming on his face, “you may make Sam Winchester remember, should he consent to it – on one condition.”
Castiel righted himself, and began to weep. “I’m sorry, brother. I couldn’t help it… His eyes… They’re the same. You can see his soul, Gabriel, and it was so beautiful and pure and I couldn’t… Couldn’t…” He broke into a frenzy of sobs, and Gabriel relented in his rage.
Dean turned his face away from Castiel so the other wouldn’t see his eyes fill with tears.
“Ask me anything,” Castiel offered, settling down in the damp grass by the river’s edge.
thought Michael would do was simply too horrible to put into words.
Castiel looked up at the moon, which was setting in the pre-dawn sky. “I want to go back,” he said, quietly.
. That’s not a plan, Gabriel. It’s a death sentence.”
“Sammy,” Dean said, rushing towards his brother and enveloping him in a warm hug.
Gabriel snorted in laughter. Sam peeked out from behind his hiding place and smiled coyly at the angel. “Like you don’t know.”
“No. There are enough dogs in this household,” Dean said, possibly too loudly, as several of their dogs woke from their naps and lifted their ears to the sky, listening, perhaps, for the sound of his pride’s imminent downfall.
He tried to ignore the bright red coating Cas’s pale thighs. Brilliant flower petals against fresh snow. He couldn’t. He saw the tears hit the ground before it registered they were even falling. He saw them mix with the blood,
Content Omega was back and the Alpha in Dean preened at being the cause of it. “Now come on. Help me finish up cooking before Sam and Eileen get here.”
“I don’t need your pity, Dean Winchester.” He snapped, pushing himself up off the couch to storm across the small room. Dean felt his heart fall and his chest constrict as he watched Cas grab a dirty rag from a bucket of dingy water. Watched as he scrubbed furiously at the bite marks that were no longer bleeding. Watched as he wiped away the layer of sweat and grime buildup on his body. “I don’t need Bee’s, and I don’t need yours. I don’t--” But there was a catch in his voice and a warble in his tone.
——————
“What are you still doing out here?” It was a simple enough question to pull him back to reality. He knew Cas meant nothing by it, that he couldn’t possibly know. How could he when Dean never said anything? How could he when Dean refused to let him in. Refused to let him close enough to understand the weight of his own thoughts. Yet at the same time, the question still picked at a scabbing wound mercilessly. What was he doing out here? What did he gain by stewing over this every year? What more could he hope to understand.
Sam might have said something. He might have made a questioning noise in the back of his throat. Dean didn’t hear it. He buried his nose in Jack’s soft hair. He breathed in that warm milky smell. He felt tears sting his eyes and he turned away. “Saw a nursery down the hall. Gonna see if C—“ he choked on the name and couldn’t say it “—if Kelly got everything needed for him.”
He continued to sit there staring at the floor long after the line had gone dead, Gabriel told him he had to go but would call him before Castiel’s flight leaves the next day. The realization still made his head spin. He was leaving tomorrow. He looked around at the mostly boxed up room with vacant eyes. He was leaving the home he’d known for the past 10 years tomorrow. He was leaving, and he wasn’t coming back.
He could only hold Jack close and kiss the top of his head and bury his nose in the blonde hair. He could only close his eyes and pray the tears held back just long enough to get Jack back to sleep. He could only hope his infant found some semblance of comfort in his touch. He could only do so much when this crying stemmed from the same hurt buried in him.
“I don’t understand. Why is my assistance needed then if they are—“
In lieu of answering Cas merely launched himself off the couch and tackled Dean to the ground. Both of them laughing as their mouths clashed together, none too gently and their family cheered around them. “So that a yes?” Dean murmured against Castiel’s lips after a moment of kissing him soundly.
She said it shouldn’t hurt too bad but would be sore the next day.
Beside him Dean let out a soothing rumble and nuzzled against his cheek. “Oh come on, honeycake, it’s all in good fun.” Cas huffed, but let himself be soothed at the same time. The rest of the presents were handed out. New matching knit sweaters for Sam and Eileen from Jack and Claire. A new rifle for Claire, much to Castiel’s displeasure. A new laptop for Jack. A card from Cas to Eileen that neither alpha knew what it said but there were tears and hugs and happy smiles.
Cas was silent beside him for the longest time and then, “Sam wouldn’t want this to haunt you.” Dean stiffened and his fist clenched around the stick. Yeah. Sam. “You can’t keep doing this. Remembering is one thing, but Dean. You’re obsessing. You’re letting your memories take over and drown you.”
He didn’t take Jack back that night.
The hospital itself wasn’t that bad off, not like it had been at the first spike of Covid-19. That initial panic had hit hard and they’d lost about half their funding just to get the required PPE. He’d had to invest some of his own money to keep the maternity ward stocked, even if they were still only running at half capacity. There had been side effects to the vaccine. Side effects that Castiel was still trying to understand.
Then Dean was raising to his feet and grabbing something hidden away in the uppermost branches of their tree. He cleared his throat and all eyes around the room snapped up to him. First on the box in his hand, then to his content smile and crinkled eyes and the rainbow lights haloing his blonde hair. Jack’s head tilted in confusion as Claire choked on her cocoa, eyes widening.
Cas had— well, Cas had not been welcomed so easily. But Maggy took him under her wing. Had given him work when the leader refused to make him part of the patrol. Dean had been on edge about the decision for weeks after, but Cas brushed it off. They were jumpy, sure, but they couldn’t have known about his fallen Angel status. They had probably just taken a look at his bloodshot eyes and decided him worthless.
Now though? With the frozen air drifting through the off kilter door and the echoing howl of the wind Cas let himself think of it. Of Dean leaving him behind. Of Dean crawling into someone else’s bed, giving them the love Cas so desperately craved. The thought made him sick.
“I can’t call you family because then you’ll leave me too… and I… I don’t think I could stay alive without you, Angel.”
People blamed the vaccine next. The one that was supposed to help stop the spread. The one that was supposed to stop people from dying and it did. People weren’t dying from covid-19 anymore… they just also weren’t being born. Statements had been released that there was no correlation between the vaccine and the sudden sterilization of many. Statements that Castiel knew weren’t quite true, but he couldn’t prove it either. Statements that quite frankly, terrified him.
“So, how’s mated life treating you?” Sam’s shit eating grin grew when Dean’s ears flushed bright red and he mumbled ‘shut up’ under his breath. He was smiling fondly after his omega though. It was all so disgustingly domestic and Sam almost didn’t believe it was actually Dean. “That good then?”
Cas gave him everything. His energy, his wings, his Grace, his life. His love. His devotion. And what did Dean give him back? A slap to the face. He took all that love and threw it back in Cas’s face because he was too ashamed and afraid to hold it too close. He brought his hands up to cover Cas’s before he slowly pulled them down and took a step back. “You’re right.” Cas gave him a sad smile even as Dean watched his face crumple.
hips.
came through he was shocked to hear the almost sad sound to it. Nodding slowly he agreed just as soft and that was the end of it. Left to his own thoughts Cas wished things could have been different. Wished his family had all stayed together. He wished that for once everything went to the plan he’d once had for his future.
Taking a deep breath, Cas held his mug tightly between his hands and wandered back over to stand behind Dean’s chair. He hadn’t dared to look at his alpha’s face yet but he watched mesmerized as his fingers trailed over the black and white photo almost reverently. “This-- Cas?” Licking his lips, Cas leaned over the back of the chair to wrap his arms around Dean’s shoulders.
Dean had known. He had known it was a set up and still sent them in. He’d kissed him and told him it’d be alright. He’d kissed him and breathed ‘I love you’ against his lips and fuck he should have realized then. He should have—
“Because I don’t know if he’d actually want a pup with me.” He shot back, the air burning around him, causing Sam’s nose to wrinkle. The next second the strong soothing smell of honey overtook them. Both blinked dazedly as Castiel popped up to wrap himself around Dean, his face pinched in a frown as he scented at his mate.
The line didn’t disconnect and Dean heard a choked back sob.
.” He spat the word out and Cas flinched back.
They managed to get the last pies in the oven as they heard the bunker door open. Instantly loud arguing was heard and Dean shot Cas an amused smirk. “There is no way anyone could go to every house in a single night to deliver presents. Magic reindeer or not.” Claire growled with an eye roll as she sauntered  into the kitchen. Jack followed hot on her heels and a wide smile on his face.
He couldn’t even look at him.
Eventually came almost a month later. Cas had been jumpy and on edge for weeks. Always glancing over his shoulder, flinching away from Dean’s touch. It hurt more than what Dean was letting on and it was frustrating him. And then he started noticing them. Tiny bruises Cas tried hiding under long sleeves and higher collars. Cuts that didn’t make sense for household chores.  He didn’t mention them. Then Cas refused to let Dean see him naked anymore.
. Because you will lose your chance, and you will regret it for the rest of your fucking life.”
Over and over, patient after patient. Seeing it here, typed out, made his heart sink. Sure, those 56 mothers walked away with a ‘clean bill of health’ but they had lost their babies. They had lost their ability to try again. “It wasn’t my fault.” He muttered softly, fingertips brushing over the last column of words. Sterile sterile sterile. Over and over. It wasn’t his fault. It wasn’t.
Looking back at his laptop again Castiel scowled and jabbed at the backspace again. Groaning he dropped his head back and met Dean’s frown with one of his own. “I don’t know what I’m doing.” Cas huffed, knowing his scent was giving away his barely covered frustration. His roommate’s frown cracked first as he rolled his eyes.
She leveled him with a long stare before raising her hands up in exasperation. “They are stumped, Castiel. We are stumped. Pediatrics is your chosen field, but more than that, genetics is your specialization. They are bringing you on to help study and track this phenomenon. As you should be aware, Kansas is one of the test states for the COVID-21 vaccine. It is believed these abnormalities are side effects from the c-21 vaccine in c-20 patients, but as of right now there just isn’t enough data analyzed.”
. And he did. God help him he
He wasn’t the best company anymore. He knew it, of course he knew it. He just thought that Dean understood him better than that. He thought they had reached an agreement. He thought— but apparently not.
“Because,” he choked out, still pointedly refusing to look at Dean. “When do we ever get what we want?”
“I don’t deserve it.” He whispered finally, as he looked away from Dean and dropped his hand holding the towel to the ground at his side. “I don’t deserve his love, your love, anymore.”
Blinking down again he flipped over the paper and… stared.
“A product of the times?”
More empty static and Dean could hear his heart pounding in his ears. Shit. Shit fucking shit.
“Oh! Are there?” He called excitedly as the door swung shut.
All things considered, the first COVID vaccine hurt a lot worse. The initial sting and burn wasn’t as bad at least. “So how long till my arm starts really hurting?” He muttered, rubbing gently over the bandaid she’d just smoothed out.
Sitting on the end of the bed Cas smiled to himself before saying softly, “I think I’ll take you up on the offer, Gabe. It’s been so long— too long.” A beat and Castiel could practically feel Gabriel’s happiness radiating through the phone. “I’ve missed you.”
Springing from the couch Dean grabbed his shoes and shoved his feet in them carelessly.
“But it’s magic, C. Anything can be done with magic.” He turned his happy grin to Dean and Cas where they’d moved from the ovens to come give them hugs. “Isn’t that right, father?” He let Cas wrap him in a tight hug as he waited for Dean to speak. The hunter snorted, gave his own hug, then stepped back to ruffle Claire’s hair. The younger alpha groaned and shooed his hand away.
“Just having a little chat.” Then he was sauntering out the door with a careless wave of his hand. Once the door clicked back into place Dean was across the room and dropped to his knees beside Cas. His hands flew to his cheeks and forced Cas to look up at him.
“I’m here, Castiel. Always.”
Finally he pulled it away and Cas let out the long breath he had been holding and scrambled back closer toward Dean. “Relax, Winchester, it’s all harmless fun. Right
“Dean,” the omega started with a long suffering sigh, “It’s the story of us. It’s going to be trashy.”
He didn’t care, because Cas had gone silent on the other end.
The night was just starting to wind down when Claire gave Cas a pointed look in the kitchen as they were refilling their mugs that Dean didn’t miss. From his spot in the chair he raised an eyebrow at the silent standoff. Finally it seemed that Cas won when Claire threw her hands in the air, grabbed her, Jack and Eileen’s mugs and stormed out to rejoin the others.
An act they both knew would be repeated. Over and over again because that was who they were. It was the only gift they could give the other. True, they would die for each other in a heartbeat if it came down to it. More importantly though, they would kill for each other.
“It’s different because this is still hurting you. Every year you think about it and it hurts you.” Dean could feel Cas’s gaze on him but he refused to look over. Instead he watched the embers glow and pop. Eating away at the charred wood like a disease. “It’s a curse on your very soul and I ca—“
Eventually Sam must have left because the screaming faded away. The crying never stopped.
“Dean! Of course you do!”
Truth be told that had been Castiel’s biggest fear thus far. That Dean would smell it before he had a chance to tell him. He’d managed smothering the change so far but he knew it was just a matter of time. “I’ll be telling him tonight.” He said with a soft smile and happiness rolled off him in waves. “When we do presents.”
The line took a moment to disconnect and in that split second Dean heard it. The sound of pills shaking in a bottle.
Dean didn’t say anything for a long moment and then, “Sometimes.” His voice was distant as he watched the two omegas laugh quietly as Claire plopped down beside Cas, her feet instantly coming up to rest on his lap. “Though it’s usually when he’s in heat and begging me to--”
Bringing it up to his mouth, Dean pressed the button down and hissed quietly,
——————
Happy honey and cloves flooded the room instantly as Dean took another two steps forward before falling to one knee in front of where Castiel was still perched on the couch. “I know you know what this is and what’s going on… so do I still have to say it?” Cas nodded quickly, voice catching in his throat.
Cas glared back at him as he snapped his mouth shut as red faded away to brilliant green again. “I really hate when you do that.” Cas grumbled as he pulled his feet up under himself and settled back into the couch more. Picking up his cup of tea Castiel frowned down into it thoughtfully. Glancing back up at Dean he tipped his head to the side and sighed, “Where do I even begin?”
He was still staring at the sonogram when he whispered, “Cas... is this…” He broke off, hand starting to shake slightly. Cas let his scent soften enough that faint vanilla could come through the fresh rain and honey. He pressed a gentle kiss against his alpha’s temple and when he smiled he knew Dean could feel it too.
“Dr. Novak. Thank you so much for agreeing to meet with me.” Naomi greeted him pleasantly as he entered her office. He nodded once in greeting, knowing it would be pointless to mention the fact that she had all but threatened termination if he missed it. As soon as he sat at the long table a file folder was pushed across to him. C. J. Novak stared up at him in blocky black letters and Castiel frowned at it before looking back up to Naomi.
There was a triumphant sound as Claire managed to get the music to turn on and instantly ‘It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas’ started filtering through the room. Beside him Sam smiled, “That’s good, Dean. That’s really good.” He patted him on the back once and then, “You deserve this. You deserve each other.”
Taking a deep breath he stood and shot Hannah a tense smile that didn’t reach his eyes. “You’ll keep me updated?” She asked, seeming to realize he was done with the conversation. Her hopeful look tugged at his heartstrings and he tried to be optimistic as he nodded slowly. He really did, but he knew the chances of them keeping in contact weren’t very high.
“It was a mating leave, Cas. Not a vacation, and after the holidays we’ll be right back at it.” He pointed a warning finger at them both, Cas raised an eyebrow and Claire snickered behind on hand. “Now. I’m going to go make sure the other one hasn’t opened anything yet.” With that he swept from the room, grumbling about ‘cheeky omegas’ and ‘nosy brat alphas.’
Cas pulled back enough to give a small, soft lick to the mating bite on Dean’s neck before he nodded. “Yes. Of course yes.”
Flinching back he blinked a few times before shaking his head, “Sorry… I uh— had to think about it. I had tested positive back when it first started appearing in the US.” She nodded and scribbled something beside the ‘x’d out box. Curiosity got the better of him and before he could really stop himself he blurted, “I’m sorry, but why is that relevant now?”
The second the door shut Claire whirled on him. “Did you tell him yet?” She demanded practically vibrating in excitement. Cas shushed her with one hand as he peered at the door, making sure her voice hadn’t carried.
With eyes frozen on the shaking hands pressing the rag to his collarbone Dean whispered, “It’s not pity, Castiel, it’s regret.” Never before had he been so open and honest. Never before had he let himself, but in that moment he couldn’t hold back if he wanted too. “It’s regret that we let this happen to you. It’s regret that I didn’t stop it. It’s regret that you can’t see how much I love you.” And Cas… Cas whined pathetically before sliding to the floor, shoulders slumping in defeat. It hurt seeing him like this. Seeing a warrior of God so broken and beaten. Seeing an Angel on his knees bloody and bruised and lost.
The lady narrowed her eyes at him and demanded to speak to his superior. She was an American citizen and she had rights and they couldn’t make her follow their sheep ways. At that point Castiel just… didn’t care anymore. Blinking slowly, he pursed his lips, knowing she would be able to see it in the hard lines around his eyes anyway. “Look, ma’am, honestly, I don’t care if you want to wear it or not. I don’t care if you believe it’s a hoax. I really don’t, but this is a hospital.” He gestured vaguely to the waiting room behind himself as if she didn’t seem to understand, “And as such you’re required to wear it. So please.”
“Shut your face before I take your shit back.” Dean wagged a threatening finger at Claire who snickered back. Turning back to his mate he huffed, but he smiled again anyway, “I love you, Cas. You know I do, and I’m happy to be your mate. Always.” Castiel bit  his bottom lip as his eyes sparkled with flecks of brilliant gold amongst ocean blue. “But I’d be even happier if you’d be my husband.”
“Oh of course we know that, Dr. Novak. No one is blaming you for this unfortunate side effect. On the contrary, I want to congratulate you, on behalf of the hospital, for your excellent service. You saved many of those women’s lives. It’s the fact that all of these women have had the vaccine that makes this information relevant.” At that Cas jerked his head up, eyes wide in confusion. Naomi however was no longer looking at him. Instead she was pulling a paper out of the back of the folder. “Now if you please, the last page.”
Letting himself smile for the first time in days Dean whispered back, “Hey, Cas.” Cas looked around their surroundings and his eyes narrowed as his frown deepened. There seemed to be a thought fighting to get through and Dean braced himself. His hand came up to rest against the one now resting on his shoulder and let their fingers twine together. He felt the second Cas remembered what happened.
, and pool on the ground.
He could feel his eyelids growing heavier by the second. What was wrong with him? There was no way he’d smoked enough to cause this, even if he had blown through his whole stock pile he shouldn’t have felt like this. He’d been so lonely and hurt and cold and it’d helped so much so why—
Tapping his chin Lucifer scowled, twisting Sam’s face into something grotesque. Something that hurt to look at. “It’s over, brother. You’re done running, it’s time to put on your big boy panties.” His heel came down on Cas’s other leg and he felt the tendons and muscle tear apart. He felt the bones grind together and splinter. A broken sob was choked out through clenched teeth. He tried. He tried so hard to keep it in. To keep from giving Lucifer the satisfaction of knowing he’d finally broken.
Then he snapped, tone sharp, “You saw that after all. You saw him pull away, again. Every. Time. He pulls away.” A hollow laugh ripped through the air before Dean growled, “You think it’s funny though, right? I know you, I know how I was. Thought I was too good for a fucking
“I am not an Angel.” It wasn’t a lie. He wasn’t, not anymore. His eyes flicked down to the feather again and he swallowed, throat tight. “Where did you get that? Give it back.” Wes sneered and snapped the feather in half between his thumb and forefinger. Cas flinched at the sharp sound and watched with wide eyes as the broken pinion fell to the ground.
There was a soft ding as the doors slid open on the maternity ward. Cas stepped out and up to the decontamination tent in front of the buzzer door. Scanning his credentials he stepped through the UV light and let the harsh chemical smell wash over himself. Wrinkling his nose at the sting of the disinfectant he slipped a new pair of gloves on. It was a hassle these days, but it was necessary. They weren’t distributing the new vaccine yet. They weren’t required too, and though they have some on hand, they were explicitly told not to administer it. So no one had received it, not even the hospital staff. As such, without the extra security, he was still a liability.
Taking in heaving breaths Cas glared at the floor between them as Wes stood up straighter. In the doorway Dean’s eyes narrowed, the happy grin slipped away instantly. “What’s going on here then?” Flashing the hunter a condescending smile, Wes stepped over and clapped him on the shoulder. Dean glanced at it briefly before sweeping his eyes back over to where Cas was slumped against the wall. A quick look over him and he seemed unharmed, if not a little rumpled. Then his eyes fell to the broken feather about two feet away and his blood ran cold.
Dropping the hand holding the paper work, he sighed and let his head hit the locker. “How is this my life?”
“Chuck’s?” But that wasn’t right. Dean had left him. He’d broken his promise and went to someone else. He’d… hadn’t he? Wasn’t that how he’d justified the— fuck. No wonder that frantic look was so familiar. Dean thought he’d taken them again. He thought-- “Didn’t do it.”
“I’ll be fine, Dean.”
Another week passed and he finally left his room. It wasn’t fair. It wasn’t fair to any of them. To Cas… to himself. It wasn’t fair to Jack. There was an ache in his heart that he couldn’t stop. A yearning in his soul that would never end. Pain filled wails met his ears as he walked toward the library on auto pilot. It was instinctual, the tugging toward the only living link to Castiel he had left.
And Dean just held him tighter. Breathed him in longer. Brushed his thumb across his cheek like he was something precious to behold. “I love you, Castiel.” There was something in the way he murmured the words. In the way he let Cas’s full name roll off his tongue like he still deserved the angelic designation. Like he used too, before Cas fell. Before he became human.
Dean had been out on a patrol with Steven, Thomas and Stephanie the day it happened. Maggy had told Cas to take the day off, and he didn’t think twice about it. He’d decided a week ago to clean up his and Dean’s hut and that had been the perfect opportunity. And then he got home.
Without opening his eyes he whispered, “It’s fine, Dean. I’m fine. It was nothing.” It was the worst lie Dean had ever heard and they both knew it. He let it slide though because the haunted look in Cas’s eyes told him to. Told him he didn’t want to deal with it. Leaning forward Dean pressed a soft kiss to the corner of his mouth and sighed. With a slight nod he pulled back and moved to stand up. They’d have to talk about it eventually.
“Yes, why don’t we tuck our tails between our legs and scurry off to somewhere else,” Gabriel mocked. “The only problem is that there is nowhere else,” he continued, voice rising. “This forest. That mountain. That’s it. That’s what’s left of this world. You saw the city, Dean. It’s a relic. North of the mountain, there’s nothing but trees. And if you go west, it’s all wild. Meaning it’s utterly impassable. This world… It was very convenient and all, when there were still humans. You made it that way, with your paved roads and your technology and your industrial lighting. But it took hundreds – thousands – of years to make it that way.”
They fell asleep like that, tangled in each other’s embrace, Dean whispering sweet nothings to Castiel – “you did so good; my angel; my everything” – and Castiel could not help but smile, his dreams filled with pleasant visions of Dean and the beautiful, bountiful days that were to come.
When they finally drew apart, Dean traced the lines of Castiel’s face with his gaze. The other looked utterly wrecked by that last kiss, like it had been something he’d been waiting for all his life, and he clung to Dean like he was the last bit of floating detritus in a flooded world.
The first dog had been Dean’s idea. He gladly surrendered the sliver of his bed that wasn’t already taken up by a long-limbed bed hog of an angel to the mutt. He’d even bought it treats, and a higher-end kibble.
Castiel shook his head, a certain sort of mischief in his eyes. “Dean,” he drawled, drawing closer.
“Let me take you home.”
“I should go,” Gabriel said, with such finality that Castiel couldn’t find it in him to argue.
Dean blushed, and had to look away. “But Cas-”
None, save Castiel, who spoke to Dean from beyond the grave in every possible way – Castiel, whose scent hit Dean like a shooting star as he made his way to the other’s bed – the bed they could have shared, the bed they would now never share, the bed he longed to press Castiel down onto and – and, well, it was too late for that, too late to lament the pettiness and the smallness of his dreams.
“Because. You told me you didn’t know what to say. I’m asking you to say ‘yes.’” From the depths of his pockets, he produced a small, red box that looked burgundy in the low light. “Dean Winchester, will-”
I don’t have your way with words.
“Sam,” he greeted. “Dean,” he said, acknowledging the other dryad after a moment.
Sam, in a fit of rage, shoved at Gabriel, who stumbled back. It was a testament to how much of his Grace was depleted that he tripped on a root, his limbs sprawled haphazardly across the forest floor.
Smiling gently, Gabriel kissed him again, and Sam saw the stars past the clouds. Then a great weight seemed to settle on his shoulders, and he slid down, down, down, into darkness. He had just enough time to register Gabriel’s arms closing in around him before the darkness claimed him.
“We need a website,” Castiel decided over dinner one night. They still hadn’t fully transplanted themselves from the Bunker, but their belongings were mostly moved in and they’d come to check on the house and prepare a meal using the fridge freshly stocked with fruits and vegetables from the summer’s harvest, courtesy of their kindly neighbors, who had welcomed the newly engaged couple with smiling eyes and, to Dean’s surprise and delight, freshly baked pies.
“Dean-” Cas looked more placating than remorseful.
And he was answered by a firm, passionate kiss that lingered and lingered. When they finally pulled away for air, Castiel was breathing hard and struggling not to shift his hips under Dean’s.
When Castiel first decided to go to medical school he thought that maybe he’d be able to do something. To help change the world as it were. He thought that it’d be research and studies and tests. What it really was, was running on two hours of sleep, in the middle of a double shift, trying to convince middle aged Nancy to keep her mask over her nose while inside the hospital. It was a lot of paperwork and stupid questions and insisting that no, the piece of lace over your mouth does not count as a proper face covering, and no you can’t come inside if you don’t switch to the approved disposable one offered.
Dean watched Cas shake his head in exasperation before he picked up Dean and Sam’s mugs. He passed Sam his on the way past, the younger Winchester took it with a soft thank you. Pausing briefly by the tree Castiel picked up a small thin box that everyone had noticed, but hadn’t mentioned. Stopping beside Dean’s chair he held out the cup in one hand and the box in the other. Dean furrowed his brows when Castiel’s scent turned apprehensive and he quickly turned away to go back to the kitchen.
It was mumbled out and Cas frowned in frustration. Why was he so damn tired still? He needed to talk to Dean. He needed him to hear it he needed—
Looking up Dean, Cas pressed a hand against his mating bite. “You are distressed. Why are you distressed?” Turning to the younger Winchester he frowned, “What did you do?” Sam put his hands up and shook his head with a laugh.
And they had, hadn’t they? Guilt tripped him. Naomi had pulled his genetics dissertation. Had given it to the medical board. They’d given him everything he could have hoped for. It was just in the wrong state. “I have to go.” He said after a long pause, his hands running over the paperclip on the top right corner. This was his chance. To finally have the opportunity to study the changes. To have his research funded. This was his chance to do something.
Sighing, he tipped his head to the side and pressed his cheek against the crown of Cas’s head. He did this. He caused this distress and disenchantment in the once mighty warrior. He wasn’t strong enough to say yes then, so now he wasn’t strong enough to save Cas. Turning his head, Dean pressed his lips to smoke scented hair and just breathed. He let the strong smell of leaf litter, and camp smoke and weed wash over him. He mourned the loss of ozone and morning rain. Of honey and peppermint.
“De—“ His eyes snapped back to the crack in the door just as the other Dean rolled them over to press Cas’ back into the mattress. His hands came up to grip his Dean’s shoulder blades, fingertips pressing into freckled skin. Cas’ legs wrapped around Dean’s waist, toes curling with the steady movement of his alpha’s hips. “Fuck— Bee—“ The high pitched whine and almost feral answering growl made him look away, cheeks coloring.
Pushing away from his, no, it was no longer his, locker Castiel took the seat across from her. Instantly he propped his chin on his hand and deadpanned, “Oh yes. I’m being forced to leave my entire life behind, my friends, my family, everyone I know, to go to some backwater town where weird babies are being born but that’s all fine, because I get to be a guinea pig for a new shot. A shot, mind you, that may or may not be the cause of these weird birth defects to begin with.” One raised eyebrow and a tap on the papers in front of him then he sighed, “Sounds like a wonderful trade.”
The pure sound of disdain in his tone made Dean smile. It was just so Cas. The smile slipped the next second though. It was so very Cas. Except… it was the Cas that didn’t exist anymore. It wasn’t his Cas. It wasn’t the Cas who gave up his wings. The Cas who was forced to live as a human now. The Cas that found solace in drugs and alcohol. The Cas who’d follow any order blindly if Dean was the one giving it. “How do you not see this as a curse?”
“He doesn’t understand.” Cas stopped beside him as they both stared at the door. The smell wasn’t as strong anymore with his heat sated for the time being but his nose still wrinkled in distaste. He could see Cas’ lips quirk up and he let shame color his scent. “It’s okay. I’m used to it by now. A product of the times I’m afraid.” At that he couldn’t help but looking over, brows raised in confusion. Gold eyes slowly faded back to blue as he finally met Dean’s gaze.
At the time Cas had been too angry and worked up to care. They’d just returned from a scouting mission. A mission that Dean refused to listen to Cas’s advice to turn back and regroup.  A mission that left three dead and more injured.
“Her,” Dean corrected, absently. “And I didn’t ask.”
And that was as far as Sam got, because Dean promptly threw a pillow at him, then another.
Castiel looked away, appropriately chastised.
“You do realize we are going to have to return them to the wild soon, right?”
“It could work,” Castiel said, slowly. “If we’re very, very lucky, it could work. But there’s no escaping the fact that what happened to Adam could happen to any dryad.” His eyes fell upon Sam. “It could even happen to-”
“I promise,” Dean said, though his heart skipped an uncomfortable beat, its stutter rendering him suddenly breathless. He wasn’t sure ‘careful’ was the word he’d use to describe the way his heart melted at the thought of the nymph. It wasn’t as though he were treading into those uncertain waters; he was plummeting.
“Sam?” Dean breathed. “He’s here?”
The reality of the rejection seemed to come over Castiel all at once. “Me too,” the other whispered. “Me too.”
They were so adorable that it almost made the days and weeks that followed worth it.
“Anael,” he greeted. “I knew a nephilim had been conceived last night,” he said, approaching her carefully. “Has Ryder blessed you with a child?”
“Yeah. That.” Dean shuffled his feet, feeling like he’d disappointed his brother.
The effects of the light did not allow Castiel did not see Dean with quite the same intensity, but he felt the other’s acceptance and his love and his joy at their union, and he saw the glow of Dean’s soul as he basked in the light of Castiel’s halo.
For now, the dawn was still a while away, and as they let the haze of their love-making fade away, they kissed and whispered sweet nothings atop each other’s lips, content in one another’s company and secure in the love that united them.
“Don’t shoot the messenger,” Gabriel joked.
Dean had never been one for reading the instructions. It was part of the reason Sam had long since stopped buying furniture from IKEA, lest he wished to assemble it himself before Dean got a chance to turn a table into a heap of mismatched parts and jutting corners and legs in places no legs should go.
Hours passed, Dean lost in his thoughts of ruined cities and a world that had was so very changed from the one he’d woke up in, just last week. Various explanations presented themselves to him, each less plausible than the last.
“I came as soon as I could,” he said to the water, sounding out of breath.
Once he could trust himself to speak again, Dean whispered, “G’night, Cas.”
But Castiel didn’t surface, and it took Dean a few moments for his eyes to adjust to the brightness of the sunlight streaming off the water. It was only then he saw Castiel’s tunic, caught on a rock outcropping at the edge of the river.
In which Dean and Cas wake up way too early to go riding at dawn.
Castiel could hear the smile in Dean’s voice when he spoke next. “Good boy.” Those words sent heat spiraling across all the crevices of his Grace, and he felt their warmth pooling in his belly. “I’m going to tell you everything I’m going to do before I do it, just like we discussed,” Dean continued, voice softening into a low, sultry whisper.
“Cas,” Dean hissed.
“Don’t,” Castiel said, voice breaking. Dean tried to get closer, but Castiel stopped him once more at the threshold. “Wait! I’ve been practicing for hours; I knew you’d come, I just didn’t know when, and when you came I said I’d be ready but I’m not ready and now you’re here and-”
“But what if it is him?” Castiel asked, desperate for some indication that the man he loved was somewhere within the dryad who looked so very much like him.
Castiel had begun to weep, at that point. He’d spent the past two and a half decades – more – wishing, hoping, for Dean to remember. He’d never considered the possibility that Dean would remember – only to forget his life in the forest, and the latter half of his first life, and his time in Heaven, and the love they’d shared.
Dean couldn’t help but smile. “I mean it. The house is sparkling. You’ve already told the dogs to be on their best behavior. Everything is perfect.” He reached out to adjust the collar of Castiel’s shirt, and grinned at his handiwork. “There.
Dean paused to glare at Castiel. “They only fit because you kicked me off.”
“Come on, Cassy. Tell me what’s on your mind. What else are big brothers for?”
“The storm,” Castiel breathed. “It’s you.”
Dean and Cas acquire a horse. Of course.
“Oh.” Castiel was silent for a long while. “I’d hoped you would come back,” he confessed.
“Like what?” Castiel asked, expression betraying his confusion.
Dean’s eyes searched Castiel’s, looking for any signs of shaking or paleness in his angel. Castiel gave him a small smile.
Dean took a deep breath. For many years, he’d been unable to say those words, but they sprung to his lips with practiced ease. “I love you too, angel,” he stated, voice steely with conviction, yet his lips were gentle as he pressed one last kiss to Castiel’s temple before snuggling into his beloved and drifting off into a peaceful slumber.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel smiled at Dean, proud of their good work. “I have a confession to make,” he said after a long moment, smile falling off his face.
Mutely, Dean shook his head.
“No,” Dean said, half-startled to find the word had slipped from his lips. “No,” he repeated, stronger this time. He could already see things spiraling out of control; could already hear Castiel stomping down the ladder, the slam of the front door. The constellations they’d painted on his wall two years ago blurred as the slow trickle of his tears became a deluge.
“Gabriel,” Michael greeted. “You needn’t have sent the others away. I’m not here to fight.”
Sam smiled as they pulled away, and held his brother at arm’s length. “I’m serious, though, Dean,” he said, a warning in his voice. “Be careful around Castiel.”
By the time the third dog rolled into their lives, Dean was beginning to suspect that his life would never be the same and began to have prophetic visions of their bed, completely taken over by a variety of dogs of all shapes and sizes, all merrily snoring away, while he and Castiel slowly became resigned to sleeping in whatever tiny spaces the dogs generously left to them.
The words landed like a well-placed blow to the sternum. “But… I grew up in these woods. Me and Sammy and Mom and Dad. I remember it. I’ve spent every one of my summers being a steward to these woods.”
“You’re not seriously suggesting that we get a
“Dean…” Castiel looked torn between the two worlds that lived within Dean. “Whatever you need, if it’s in my power to provide, it’ll be yours.” He smiled slightly.
Dean blinked away the rain that had fallen into his eyes. “I’m not leaving until we’ve talked this through.”
“That easily?” Castiel laughed, raising one eyebrow at Dean.
Eyes boring into Sam’s, Castiel said, “Dean doubtless told you what I told him. You want to know why you’re here.”
And that is the story of how Dean and Castiel ended up in the shower together, Dean after having spluttered hot coffee all over Castiel’s nice white shirt as well as his own, and Castiel, who decided to join him in the shower because the bed was rarely a viable option to consummate their love upon, due in large part to a prodigious number of dogs.
Dean looked slightly taken aback.
And then Dean was lining him up with his slick entrance, and sliding all the way down. Castiel made an aborted move to reach for his lover, then let his hands fall back down.
“I love you too,” Castiel said, as soon as he trusted himself to speak again. His voice was still shaky, but it didn’t crack. He gratefully accepted the water that Dean lifted to his lips, and drank heartily of it.
“You know,” Castiel began, one morning when he and Dean both found themselves up before first light, only the warm glow of tiny fires scattered throughout their abode to cast one another’s features into the light. “I still can’t help but look at you every day and see a miracle,” he murmured.
“Sammy,” Dean whispered, rushing to his brother’s side. Sam’s breath was coming in faint little puffs of air.
“Dean,” Sam groaned. His brother sank down to the floor beside him, and despite his irritation, Dean had to admit that he had a pretty cool younger brother. Most sibling pairs in the forest didn’t get along as well as they did. It was Dean’s duty to carry along the traditions of their people – or so it had been imprinted into him from a young age by his father, who he’d loved dearly in those days before the forest fire stole them from him.
Already, the mornings held a hint of the coming chill, and Dean could see it already – the snow blanketing the world in white, thick drifts of it piled around the trees, which were even now dancing to a drumbeat only they could hear.
“Dean,” Cas replied.
He greeted them all, and was rewarded with a soft nuzzle by a racoon, as well as a squeak from a possum. The other animals were not so enterprising, and kept their distance. Castiel respected this; the balance of the forest was a delicate one, as he knew, perhaps better than anyone else alive in the woods. It required striking a fragile peace between all creatures, each of which took only what they needed of the world and from each other, unlike those who had gone before them.
“Look at me, Castiel,” Dean said, and the angel helplessly complied, turning his gaze back to meet Dean’s. “Beautiful,” Dean murmured, eyes roving over the length of Castiel’s nude body, exposed for him and him alone. “Exquisite,” he added, pressing a line of tiny kisses along Castiel’s hips, so close to his length he could feel Dean’s rhythmic breathing billowing against his cock, making him ache for more. Then Dean began to lick him, just inches away from where he needed a warm, perfect mouth, and Castiel flew apart, writhing in his bonds so hard that the bed began to shake.
“Dean Winchester,” he said, meeting the other’s eyes. “I didn’t build this home with my own hands. But the city was about to raze it, and I saved it, as you saved me. And I rebuilt it, like I rebuilt your soul when I pulled you from Hell. I needed you to see it. I did this – I did all of it – for the love of you. So, I’m asking you… Will you do me the honor of spending your life with me? Will you marry me?”
That simple affirmation made Castiel come apart just a little bit, and he whispered “Thank you,” in return.
“You only love me because I gave you coffee,” Cas joked.
“Cas?” Dean’s voice sounded rough from disuse. “Where are we?”
“Goodbye, Dean,” Castiel said, turning his back to the other so Dean wouldn’t see as he came undone.
He settled back on his knees and pulled his tunic over his head, and Dean took advantage of the moment he spent reveling at the feeling of the cool evening air on his heated skin to reverse their positions.
“Of course I did, Cas, I’m not an idiot,” Dean lied, hoping the angel would not catch him on his bluff.
Castiel considered it for a moment. “Yes, it’s exactly like that. You loved me, and slowly, glacially, I warmed to humanity; to you. I can’t quite pinpoint when exactly I fell in love with you; it was just there one day, this presence between us, and it was like it had always been there. Like you rendered me whole.” He smiled.
Dean urged Daisy into a canter, and swung her around to follow. “Wait for me,” he called, laughing.
Dean stumbled to his feet, and almost fell into the river, so great was his haste to get away. Where, it didn’t matter, as long as he put some distance between himself and Cas.
He grinned at the sight of them. They were for special occasions, he knew. But wasn’t meeting a new being in the forest occasion enough for celebration?
“Wait, she’s here already?”
Gabriel winked at him and raised his fingers to snap. “It’s the least I can do,” he said, echoing Castiel’s earlier sentiment.
“What’s the last thing you remember?” Gabriel asked, voice urgent.
So, let me say it now. And forgive me, if you can, for hiding my love for you in the false bottom of an empty drawer. Forgive me, if you can, for not telling you sooner.
Sam and Dean both bowed their heads, and a silent agreement passed between the four of them. No one spoke as they observed a moment of silence for their lost half-brother, but Gabriel held onto Sam tighter and Cas slung an arm around Dean’s shoulder.
At first, Dean was sure the poor, frightened mare was going to barrel into him, but she slowed and came to a halt just in front of him, nuzzling him and presenting her neck for him to stroke.
He went to the cellar where they kept their food and potions, and gathered the most recent vials that his brother had laid out for him, all neatly labeled in pictographs that were drawn neatly yet hurriedly, and he made a mental note to remind the other to draw slower next time.
We two – you and me, against the world – we were star-crossed, destined to keep falling in and out of each other’s orbit. I loved you like a man loves his savior, his angel; this holy being, descended from the heavens just to strike strange, echoing chords in his heart.
A flock of misgivings and regrets took form in his chest, beating their savage wings against the cage of his ribs.
“You did
“I can and I will slow down your aging. You and Dean could grow old together,” Gabriel said, plowing on as if Dean hadn’t spoken.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes, yours,” Castiel agreed, his own breath beginning to come in ragged gasps at the feeling of their bodies meeting and the slick sounds of their love-making. “Always. Yours.”
“Yes?” Gabriel replied, eyes searching for something of the man he’d known in this young dryad’s face.
Dean nodded in gratitude. He reached out to touch Castiel, but thought better of it and withdrew his arm. “See you around, angel,” he said.
“Seal it with a kiss?” Castiel asked.
“Mhmm,” Dean murmured into Castiel’s chest. He was more interested in nuzzling closer than in taking offense to Castiel’s previous statement, but then Castiel continued and Dean grew stiffer and more rigid in his lover’s embrace moment by moment.
“I love you, brother,” Castiel spoke as the last sliver of sunlight bled from the sky.
“There is no ‘but Dean!’ No more dogs. That’s final.”
“If you want, I can summon him,” Castiel offered. It was a reckless thing to do, he knew, and Gabriel wouldn’t take kindly to it. Perchance it was a mistake to wrong an archangel, even one whose Grace was all but depleted, but Castiel wasn’t sure how much longer he could stand the lies and deception. Someday, the truth would out, and he was sure it would set the forest aflame in more ways than one.
Dean’s mind was already elsewhere, but it occurred to Cas that this might be his last chance to speak to the other as he the angel was, rather as the all-too-human man he was about to become.
And Dean, furious, walked out of the door and into the pounding rain, the fallen flower petals slowly making their way back to ground reminding him at once of everything he’d already lost, and all that he’d yet to lose.
The other’s calls were drawing closer, and Dean broke into a sprint when he saw the angel’s shadow in the half-light.
Castiel turned away. “I was tasked with cleansing this river. The process is sustained by what’s left of my Grace. We… We wanted to make the world habitable for you. Here,” he said, tossing Dean the necklace he’d showed Gabriel.
He held the tunic tighter. Castiel always came back to him. The end of the world itself couldn’t keep them apart.
Cas nodded his understanding. “Are there other horses in need of a home?” Then he remembered his earlier conversation with Dean when the other began to glare at him. “I mean, I’d need to discuss it with my partner first but-”
“Cas!” Dean called out.
A small sob tore itself from Dean’s throat, and Castiel took his hand.
“You’re home,” his brother’s voice sounded from the entryway just as Dean was finishing the washing up.
(And you're never going to believe what Dean named the kittens.)
“I…” Dean closed his eyes, then thought better of it. “Damn it, Cas, I love you too.”
“That was over 150 years ago.”
“Wait, whose name? Why? What happened to Castiel’s Shelter for Homeless Animal Types?”
“Yes,” he repeated, not able to curtail another whimper.
“I suspect that you haven’t seen him for a good reason,” Castiel said, finally looking away.
“No,” Sam shouted, voice rising with every word. “I can’t let you put the others in this forest in danger. I’m not a child anymore; I can’t sit back and allow you to treat me like one. I can decide these things for myself. I want to remember.”
The door closed. Dean sank to the floor, blessing its hardness and the way it didn’t give an inch under the pounding of his fists. He thanked whatever powers he still believed in that his tears softened it as he wept, and finally, he cradled his muddied hands and sobbed until his eyes were red and puffy.
Dean nodded, and reached for Castiel, who hugged him carefully enough to avoid squishing Heather between them.
“You look so beautiful like this,” Dean murmured, kissing his way down Castiel’s abdomen. “So desperate for me,” he observed, relishing the way Castiel hissed as he took him in hand.
“In another life,” Dean echoed, bitter. “Cas, how do you expect me to believe any of this?”
Dean found himself being pulled in, the cold water filling his lungs and inciting a momentary lapse into panic. He spluttered as he swam up to the surface. “I’m sorry,” he gasped, heaving himself back onto the bank. “Forget I asked.”
The river flooded its banks that day in the storm that followed, and it rose up, creeping towards the edge of the tree-line, threatening to swamp the homes of several dryads.
Turning away at the mention of Lucifer, Castiel bit his lip and tried to calm his racing mind and his traitorous heart.
And so it went. They made love, slowly, sweetly, yet still brimming with the same simmering passion that had united them throughout their lives.
“You were always the skeptical one, Sam,” Castiel admitted, a certain sort of fondness gleaming in his eyes. “I think that’s part of the reason we were friends,” he said. “We both questioned.”
Something strange stirred within Dean, and he moved to the river’s edge. The water was calm for the first time since he’d started his journey, and Dean marveled at his reflection for a moment, turning this way and that. He looked so very young. He’d lost at least a decade somewhere along the way. “Take me back,” he whispered to the still waters. “Please.”
“Dean,” Castiel greeted, voice monotone. “Sit.”
But I love you nevertheless.
Castiel sighed. “No, I’m not,” he replied.
“Well, then.” She said, releasing her elder son. “Let’s make dinner together, just you and me.”
“Fuck,” Dean cursed, taking a moment to steady himself at the feeling of being inside of Castiel for the first time in a lifetime. “So good, Cas,” he breathed. “So fucking tight.”
Castiel nodded his assent.
“Show me, angel.” Dean’s voice was soft yet insistent. He pressed another kiss to Castiel’s hip, and the angel thought he just might come undone at the simple, teasing gesture.
“Winchester,” Castiel supplied.
“You still with me?” His little brother asked, setting down the pieces of the vase and helping Dean stand.
“Well, once you get dressed and finish your coffee and attend to anything else you might wish to do, it’ll be six.”
“Angel,” Dean groaned, relishing the way Castiel’s eyes shone at they fell upon him. “The longer we draw this out, the more likely it is that someone’s gonna find us.”
Sam nodded. “Yes, and it’s in bud. I watered it yesterday and visited it just this morning.”
Dean wiped tears from his eyes. “Yeah, but I must have died some time ago myself. You said it’s been more than a century.”
Lowering his arm, Dean reached towards Castiel, who didn’t make any move to reach back. “I do love you,” Dean said quietly. “But I don’t remember a damn thing. And I thought I knew who you were… But I guess I was wrong.”
“That’s for dessert, Dean,” Castiel said, no small measure of exasperation in his voice.
Castiel closed the distance between them, his lips finding Dean in a frantic tangle of lips and tongue and teeth.
A heating unit in the corner would ensure their larger animals never got cold in the winters, even though said winters were mild, and a ventilation system sat beside it, ensuring they’d always have fresh air.
“Did he break your heart?” Sam asked, gently.
Sam tried to speak, but Gabriel made a shushing motion that Dean was distantly grateful for.
In one fluid motion, Castiel wrapped his arms and wings around Dean, cradling his lover with a gentle pressure and bringing firm hands to rest at his waist. “Shh,” he soothed Dean. “It’s okay. I’m here. I’m always going to be right here, by your side.”
Dean swooped down to steal a kiss, then another.
“We’re going with flower names, right?” Dean asked, not waiting for Castiel to answer before continuing. “Lily. Her name is going to be Lily.”
“So I’ve been told,” Castiel said, wading away from Gabriel to free a fish that had gotten caught in some kelp. “But what do you expect? He’s a mountain spirit.”
And then the line went dead, and Dean was left staring at his own reflection on the screen. “Is this what I’ve been reduced to? A fairy freaking godmother for dogs?”
He started to worry on the third day. Doubt comes too easily, he thought. A niggling suspicion began to gnaw at him, stronger than his hunger or his cravings or the abject sort of loneliness that plagued him as he made his way south.
And when Castiel showed up looking slightly ruffled at his meeting point with Gabriel, by the shore of the river he had spent so long submerged within, his brother just smiled and clapped him on the shoulder.
“Cas…” Dean’s mind was racing almost as fast as his pulse. “Everyone says you’re ancient. You’ve been in that river more winters than I’ve been alive.”
“Gabriel,” Castiel greeted. The frustration in his voice melted away slightly. “What brings you to this neck of the woods?”
“I want to feel it,” Dean continued, voice low and strained. “Everything you’re feeling now. Everything you’ve ever felt. Show me, angel. Show me everything.”
Sam’s eyes fluttered shut. “I was dying,” he said, “again. You were there, and Dean was too.”
“Wait!” Castiel called when Dean turned and started walking away. “Dean!” He surged forward, but Dean was faster, and took off into the woods. Castiel slowed to a halt at the forest’s edge. “Please,” he whispered, but Dean was already gone.
He couldn’t help but smile at the way Dean was looking at him, and he said, “Now you’re the one looking at me like that,” he chided gently.
Gabriel turned to go, then turned back. “Steel your heart,” he said, striding forward to clap Castiel on the shoulder. He held on for a moment too long before turning and beginning the long ascent to the top of the mountain where the last remaining portal on Earth that led unto the ruins of Heaven stood. Castiel could see it in his mind’s eye, if he tried – the shimmering sparkle of blue and gold, the pure light and the almost blinding shock of white, the memory of which faded a little more with every passing season.
But Castiel was already standing up, striding into the river, and sinking to its bottom.
“Like what?” Dean asked.
“Do you remember the night we met?” Dean asked quietly.
Dean was about to say something incredibly witty when he was overcome by the desire to lock lips with his angel, so he leaned down and did just that.
And so it went – Dean following in close pursuit, Castiel stealing glances behind him. At some point, Dean had to switch the reigns to one hand to avoid losing his hat.
Dean smiled, so bright it reminded Castiel of the sun breaking over the waters of the river at sunrise. He could not help but return the gesture, and as Dean leaned in to kiss him, he thought there was no greater feeling in the world than being enveloped in the arms of his beloved.
As the afternoon wore on into the evening, Castiel couldn’t help but notice Dean had been awfully quiet, asking only the most basic of questions about the operation of the website and offering polite, measured responses when he was asked about the positioning of a photo or the word choice of part of Mirabel’s adoption advertisement.
Castiel's words are Enochian for “Where the waters rage, let them remember - everything.”
For a while, he sulked – there was no other word for the way he refused to surface for days. The dryads that weren’t Dean began to wonder at the absence of the surly nymph. They said as much, and Castiel was all too happy to indulge their desire for him to be gone.
And of course, they could find porn – copious amounts of it, in fact, which Castiel insisted was ‘research’ into the field of human sexuality, an assessment Dean couldn’t quite find it in himself to disagree with, especially when it usually involved a happy ending for one or both of them.
Dean’s heart had overflowed with relief and joy and other emotions, primary amongst which had been the immediate and burning need to kiss Castiel, which he proceeded to do.
Sam huffed out a disbelieving laugh. “Monsters?”
Dean blinked at him. “What?”
“Thank you,” Castiel whispered. He took a bite of fruit, savoring both the taste and the distraction. He handed it back to Dean. “Here. Take another bite.”
Castiel put a hand on Dean’s knee, prompting Dean to meet his gaze. “If you’re not ready for this, we can put it on hold.”
It should be a heavenly smell, that much he knew from his own timeline. From his own Castiel. He’d caught a whiff of Castiel in pre-heat once before and it had been the best thing he’d ever smelled. The light touch of rose water mixing with vibrant clementines, and fresh rain. This? This just smelt wrong. Too strong. Too sweet. He wondered how his counterpart could stand being so close to it. How he could handle rubbing against the source. He felt sick at the very thought. That he could ever dislike the way Cas smelled.
With tears streaming down his face and soaking his shirt collar Cas grasped at the silver band hanging from his neck. So this was it. This was how his story ended. After everything, it all came back to this. To die by his brother’s hand. To die looking up into Sam Winchester’s eyes. Screwing his eyes shut Cas let out a wet puff of air. God. He wished he could see Dean one last ti—
, as his counter part bit down on Cas’ shoulder. As Cas whined and scratched at his back. He shouldn’t be watching this. But he did. He watched himself run his tongue over the bite before moving higher up to suck dark marks over Cas’ mating gland. He watched Cas squirm away panting. He watched Cas wiggle to make his Dean’s knot slip in and he tipped his head back in ecstasy. He watched disappointment cloud his own face and the apple scent grew sour.
He wouldn't hurt Castiel.
It was an expression he knew all too well. It was disgusted and hurt and shame and immeasurable want. It was an ugly thing he’d seen in the mirror every time he’d had to push Castiel away. “I may be you, but I’m not a mind reader. There’s too much shit that could be referring to right now.”
He’d said he couldn’t lose him. But Cas… Cas needed to feel.
“I know you didn’t, Angel. I know you didn’t. I saw them on the floor. I’m so proud of you.” Dean whispered almost reverently into his hair as he combed his fingers through it. “So proud of you.”
Grabbing the beaten up electronic he jabbed the button on the side to make the sound stop. Belatedly he hoped Chuck hadn’t heard the noise. He knew the other had no qualms hosting the camp leader, but he wasn’t so sure he’d appreciate being woken up. Again.
Dean sighed into the skin of Cas’s shoulder. “I know… I just worry.” Cas nodded in understanding. He’d go. They both knew it but there was still an edge.
The smell of content, happy omega, the smell of his content, happy omega. Cas was once again rearranging the small pile of gifts under their tree. The rainbow lights reflected soft smears of color in his dark hair. The blues and yellows bringing out his eyes, the reds and greens stained his cheeks and nose. Dean couldn’t help the happy rumble in his chest at the sight.
“What happened.” Dean demanded quietly, thumbs running over the bags under his eyes. “Are you alright? Where did he get the feather from, Cas?” Shaking his head to attempt to clear it Cas gulped and closed his eyes. With a shaking hand he reached up to press it against Dean’s chest, right over his heart.
The sharp sting of his broken arm being yanked backwards made his eyes fly open and he screamed. Holding it in be damned. Hiding the pain be damned. He was to die here anyway. “There we go. That’s more like it.” Lucifer purred, one hand smoothing down the back of Cas’s head to grip the hair at the nape of his neck as the other jerked his wrist back. The sickening pops barely reached his ears.
It had to be the way he said it. The way the conversation naturally moved because he couldn’t hold it back anymore, “Why do you do it? Why do you let him mark you in every way, other than the one you both want?" He could see Castiel’s shoulders tense. Could see the way his body naturally curled in on itself.
He only cried at night now. In the dark of Dean’s room he’d whimper before soft sobs would wake the hunter. He’d gently cry even as Dean picked him up and held him close. He’d taper off just slightly as choked out lullabies were pressed into his skin. He’d reach out and press a tiny hand to Dean’s neck. And Dean… Dean would let him. He let him cry into his skin, half hearted attempts to sooth him because he knew.
Curled around his omega later that night the enormity of it sunk in all at once. With a feather light touch Dean pressed his hand against the Angel’s lower abdomen. The softly content answering purr told him Castiel was still awake, though he was completely pliant in Dean’s arms.
“That’s your pup, Dean.” The cocoa was dangerously close to tipping but neither of them noticed as the scent of joyous alpha saturated the air. “Merry Christmas.”
Popping the top off he dumped four on to his palm and stared at them. It’d been so long. He’d done so well, weaning himself off of them. For Dean. Always for Dean. His close brush with death one night on an accidental overdose made the tension between Dean and him snap.
Nodding to the file still in his hands she continued, voice clipped as she flipped through the pages. “Of the 28 babies born this past year 23 have been in your care. 56 post COVID-19 patients of yours have been discharged with a clean bill of health.” Castiel opened the file and stared at the names and numbers. He wasn’t quite sure where she was going with this but at least it didn’t sound like he was getting fired. The last page is what finally caught his attention.
Shit. Shit shit shit. Dean shot up from his half laying down position and instantly all thoughts of sleep vanished.
Unfortunately, the two usually came hand in hand. His fingers trembled as Cas folded them over the pills and let out a shaky sigh. Closing his eyes he tipped his hand over and dumped them on the floor, the almost empty bottle following with a muted clack. The truth of it all was, he was tired.
The sharp edge of the button dug into his thumb as he pried it back up after releasing it. He’d have to have someone take a look at it soon. Especially if this is how Cas wanted to communicate with him now. There was a crackle as the static disappeared signaling the other end of the line came to life.
Sam found him what felt like hours later in the tiny dining room. “How did-- how did his body get here?” Dean flinched at the words, one hand pressing against Jack’s back, the other gripping the sheet covering Cas’ cold features. He didn’t answer. He continued his silent procession, Castiel deserved his full attention. Now more than ever as he gave his final rites.
It was when they were at a patrol meeting that Dean started understanding. Cas was there on Dean’s request. Sitting quietly at his side and diligently taking notes. As Steven was speaking Cas suddenly froze, his foot jerked over to tap against Dean’s and the hunter shot him a glance through his peripherals. His face had gone white and his bloodshot eyes were wide. The clench of his jaw had Dean tipping his head slightly in confusion. Then he saw the hand.
“Thought you were at Lizzie’s.” He murmured, voice dipping off slightly because he was still so tired. Why was he so tired? Dean’s right hand slipped to cup the back of his head as he pulled Cas forward to tuck his head underneath his chin.
Hands stained black, he tried desperately to ignore Jack’s growing wails. It was his fault Cas was-- It was his fault. If only he had stayed with them, with him. He would have been safe. He would have been fine. Had he just stayed in the bunker... he would be here. He would be here, not this crying baby who stole his place.
See being mated, they didn’t have to technically get married. They were already together, till death do them part and all the jazz because as Cas had mentioned many times before, Angels mated for life. Even little Graceless, earthbound Omegas, but Dean wasn’t an Angel. Though he did believe in mating for life, he just— had other customs he wanted as well.
It was barely a whisper and there was something… off about the way he said it. Then the line went staticy again and Dean swore under his breath.
“Tori.” Dean growled out slowly, eyes taking inventory of everyone. Two people were missing. Wes and… “Where’s Cas.” The woman looked away, eyes downcast and so so
—————
“Dean?” Cas’s voice was quiet behind him and the hunter sighed. Poking at the dying embers he shuffled over just enough for Cas to sit beside him if he wanted.
“Christmas is about family, Cas, and every year it reminds me that my family is gone. Every year it hits me, again and again that Sammy is gone. That mom and dad are gone. That my whole god damn family is gone.” He sucked in a ragged breath, yanked his hand away from Cas’s and then choked out, “So yeah, it is a fucking curse. Every Christmas I’m cursed to remember I’m fucking alone.” It felt like a knife twisting in his heart. He'd rather hurt him this way though. He'd rather hurt Cas now, and keep him here.
At that he stormed past, shoulders pulled forward and into his chest as he narrowed his eyes toward the floor. Somewhere behind the closed door they both heard the boards creak. They both felt the shift in the air. They both smelled the distressed omega seeping through. “Just… Dean, you have to claim him. Give him what he wants because he fucking deserved it.” He looked over his shoulder and the red was all but gone and there was a distinct shine in his green eyes. “He deserves so much more than what I gave him and now he won’t let me. Give your Castiel the love I withheld from mine.”
He could feel Sam’s gaze follow him from the room. He knew the look in his eyes but he couldn’t bring himself to care. Jack whimpered against his throat and he tightened his grip. “I know, baby, I know.” It was barely a murmur but it seemed to do its job settling the infant.
.” He spat, “When Cas, your Castiel, asks you to claim him? And he will, ask you, beg you,” He leveled him with an almost heartbreaking glare, his muddy eyes clouded with some memory only he was privy too, “Fucking do it. Don’t fucking hesitate. Don’t say the time isn’t right. Don’t say you fucking
Once he was in the elevator Cas let out a long breath and slumped against the wall, his hands shoved into his lab coat pockets. He was so ready to go home. Go home, drink a nice big glass of limoncello spiked tea and go the fuck to bed for the next fourteen hours. First he had to get through this ‘emergency meeting’ with Naomi though. He really hoped it wasn’t another budget cut. He really, really hoped not.
“Well duh.” Dean said in exaggeration, rolling his eyes for extra effect. “How else would there be presents here for you otherwise?” Jack’s face lit up at that and he all but scrambled from the room leaving behind a trail of cinnamon and rain.
“Have you previously tested positive for COVID-19?” Cas frowned. Why would they need that information now? He’d already been vaccinated for it. They hadn’t even asked then, so why— “Dr. Novak?”
He was tired of this stupid power grab. He was tired of seeing who could push the other further. He was tired, and cold, and lonely.
Jack seemed to preen under the praise as he said brightly, “They match Dean’s hotdog pants!”
—————
The first thing he became aware of was the pounding in his head as consciousness slowly started to take over. The second, was the heat along his side, curling over him almost protectively. Cas forced his eyes to open against the searing light, only to shut them again with a groan.
“Well, when you’re that good people start to notice.” Hannah teased as she came into the breakroom and flopped down at the small table. She took her mask off and dropped it beside her water bottle as Cas turned his head to look at her. She shrugged and pulled a ‘what can you do’ look at his frustrated groan. “But hey, this means you get the new vaccine right?”
There was a long pause and Cas could hear the faint sounds of a stove timer going off.
Dean’s voice cracked and Cas could see the younger him swallow, tears gathering in his eyes. He knew. He knew they weren’t all getting out of this alive. He knew and Cas could see it eating away at him that he couldn’t stop it. “Bee—“ He choked out, gaze finding his Dean’s again as the darkness started creeping around his vision again. “Bee, I lov—“
He reached for the weed instead as tears started streaking his face.
He shouldn’t have gone. He shouldn’t have, but he did and now… Now Cas was hurt. They’d just gotten back and there was a tension in the camp. A tension that radiated from every face that refused to look him in the eye. Tension that bubbled over when Wes didn’t show up at the debriefing.
When a soft,
Dean took a few measured steps forward, his eyes narrowing and his lips thinning out. Slipping the large knife from its place on his hip he growled out, “Because, he’s
He was throwing his coat on when he heard the distinct click again and a rush of relief washed over him. It froze in his chest the second Cas spoke, his voice was rougher now and faded out quickly,
He found a papoose smoothed out on a new changing table. The soft mint fabric was perfectly pressed and Dean could only stare at it. There was a lump caught in his throat and a burning in his lungs as he wrapped Jack snugly against his chest. His hands were shaking and he knew there were tears on his cheeks, but Jack was silent. And his watery eyes were finally closed.
With a huff Dean leaned forward to fold his arms across his knees. “No?” Shaking his head he let his eyes fall back to the ground. “Why is it I don’t believe you?”
“Hush sweet baby, don’t be blue--”
Chapters will get longer as the actual plot starts happening, don't worry.
The sight of Cas falling apart, of him coming completely undone on the others lap. Of him dropping his head back, dark hair longer than it should be. Of his bright gold eyes slipping shut as he raised himself up slightly on his knees only to slide easily back down. Snug in the cradle of his partner’s hips. Of
He kept watch throughout the night, sitting with his back against the sofa nearest Cas’s head, and his knees drawn up to his chest. He must have fallen asleep at some point because the next thing he became aware of was long fingers trailing over his ear and down his neck. Looking back his gaze met sleep disoriented blue and he exhaled sharply. “Hello, Dean.” Cas croaked, frowning at the dryness in his throat.
“Figure that out all on your own, dipshit?” Dean snapped dryly, his eyes grew cold and sharp with his words. Defensive. He stared at the way Dean folded his arms over his chest and squared his stance. Protective. At least some things haven’t changed then. “Was it the gold bleeding through the blue in his eyes all day that gave it away? Or I don’t know,” he waved a dismissive hand in the air around them, “maybe the disgustingly strong citrus smell.”
About an hour later Dean heard the door open and shut again with a quiet click. He didn’t bother looking up from his spot on the bed as the soft footsteps grew closer. He merely set the worn photograph down on the side table and pat the mattress beside himself. Cas sunk into his side in an instant and the smell of weed stung his senses.
It was too much. Too personal. Too intimate. He couldn’t look away for long though. Cas’ breathy whines begged him to look. To watch. To
Below his chin Jack let out a small, almost pitiful whimper.
He pushed it as close to the fire as he dared, letting it warm up before he went back to Baby where Cas was still in the backseat. With almost reverent hands he tucked Cas into the blankets, smoothing them down to fit snug against his body. Threading his fingers through dark fringe Dean sighed, “I’m sorry, Cas.”
Dean barked out a laugh at that and he nudged Cas’s cheek with his nose affectionately. “They’re your kids too, honeycake.” He paused for a minute before his grin widened. “She’s not even related to me, but Claire is pretty much a spitting image of me at her age. I love it.” Cas rolled his eyes and wiggled out of Dean’s grasp.
A searing pain in his leg tore Cas from his thoughts. Above him his brother gazed down at him wearing Sam’s familiar face. A pitying look in his eyes but there was no sadness in his small smile. “They always did say this was your greatest weakness, Castiel.” He dug the toe of his perfect shoe into the oozing gash on Cas’s leg. He could feel the bone ripping through his skin further, stark against the thick red coating his pant leg. A terrible scream echoed around the room.
They shared one last look before Claire clapped a hand on his shoulder and nodded. “I know I’ve said it before, but I’m so happy for you, dad.”
