John stood up, pulled Sherlock down for a warm hug and tenderly said: "Believe me, Sherlock. You'll make this."
He couldn't stop these thoughts and the sudden want to apologize for whatever he did.
When it was the time, all of the students started to literally run out of the school. John himself got dragged with his team players, althought he shot a very worried look to Sherlock. His friend just smiled and waved at him, which looked like it made him calmer.
Two years. Two years and Sherlock was nowhere to be seen. John Watson sat in the empty flat of 221B Baker Street day after day and stared at the empty seat in front of hím with blank eyes. He refused to belive that what he's seen was real. He couldn't convince himself, that the only man he has ever fell in love with, is dead. Sherlock Holmes wouldn't just cowardly commit suicide, he thought. It was just impossible. John got up only when Mrs. Hudson knocked on the door, to use the bathroom, or get food, drink and some sleep. He was slowly becoming a complete wreck of a person.
"Shut up. You're way too thin and I'm your friend, so I care about your health. I'll consult Mrs. Hudson about this."
The dark-haired detective's blank eyes were staring at the ceiling. Next to him, there lied a serial killer, which he would just yesterday refer to as his friend. Now Sherlock was terrified. For the first time in his life, he feared another person. ,,You begged, Sherlock," smiled John, cupping Sherlock's cheek. ,,You must've liked it, you begged me to continue." He petted Sherlock's hair and grinned.
Sherlock finished, bowed down and without waiting for people's reaction, ran from the stage. The incredibly loud applause however, could be probably heard from anywhere near the building. Some people were teary-eyed, some where incredibly happy, two of them were mainly really proud. John wanted to get to Sherlock, his landlady stopped him though, pointing to the jury and saying they've almost decided the winner, so there's no time for now.
Except for music, there was complete silence in the audience and even if there wasn't, Sherlock wouldn't hear a thing, because he was concentrating that hard, that he could only hear the slow music and his ballet shoes, stomping on the ground.
The shorter boy sighed and shook his head. "You could try, you know. I'll try too," he looked really unwilling to try, but didn't notice how much of an open book he was. Sherlock laughed sarcastically. He would never try. He just has to either survive, or find a way out. That's how he always did it. He also never told John about the physical bullying, so he would never understand how he feels right now. If he told him now, he'd probably just think he wants to get out of it.
Sherlock arrived, said bye to Mrs. Hudson and then watched her go sit down next to the empty space where John was supposed to sit. He breathed in, then out and tried not to think about it. He has to win this for John. When he wins the trophy, he will let John melt it and maybe then he'll forgive him. Just maybe.
In the corner of his eyes, he noticed someone at the door. They were probably standing there for a while now. Sherlock stopped and was even more surprised, when he saw Tony Alday standing there. He hestitated before slowly walking down the stairs.
Is their relationship really still so fragile? Does Sherlock think he's not the most important thing in the world to him right now? John slowly realized, how truly insecure his friend is.
Sherlock just nodded, closing his eyes and also smiling widely.
Sherlock was very much annoyed, but John was way faster than him because of rugby, so he almost fell off the stairs trying to chase after Mrs. Hudson. Before he got a chance to convince her to not listen to John, the door to her apartment closed.
"John, the camping was actually kind of fun, can't we-"
He didn't. When he saw Sherlock, standing there with their trophy and looking at the ground with embarassement, he thought it was impossible to love the boy in front of him than he did in that moment.
"Jesus, John. Lie down, you are ill, you should worry about yourself, I am a perfectly capable human being," answered Sherlock and rolled his eyes. "If you're-" the blonde boy started coughing and his friend rushed to help him take a sip from his tea.
"Sadly I know what you've told him, but why?! Why the hell would you tell him such lies! Your therapist now thinks I'm some adrenaline-junkie alcoholic! Why would you do that, Sherlock, why?!" he didn't even realise he was now shouting and the whole street was now watching them. That didn't bother John at all, as he was truly angry with his friend.
Fifteen minutes passed after Sherlock's last message with John and the door to the flat already snapped open. The blonde boy immediately ran to his friend and to Sherlock's surprise...tightly wrapped arms around his thin body. The dark-haired boy was a bit confused, so he just stiffly stood there. That was until John started repeating the same words over and over, his voice in a terrified manner.
Sherlock couldn't be happier. He watched John on the field with a wide smile, his arms tightly clutching at the hoodies collar.
The world was surely going crazy. Or maybe just him.
He felt the gazes of the other contestants around him, but he didn't have the courage to look. That is why he didn't notice how many of them were looks of admiration and amazement. Nobody wanted to really approuch him, though, since he seemed closed inside is own little world. Well, that was mostly the truth.
"Why?" he asked, confused and John smiled. "Well, I was worried for you and didn't want to leave you alone-" Sherlock wanted to stop him but his friend cut him off again. "-but after you told me you still want to practise for the ballet competition, I told myself I must do this as well, if you're up to that. You know, you're the one who gave me courage," he said and squeezed Sherlock's hand.
,,John, you're not my mother," when he said that, John frowned and wanted to say something, but Sherlock stopped him. ,,I need to go. Please. I want to practise for the competition. It's this month," the curly-haired boy used his puppy eyes, knowing how much of a weapon they are.
"You look just the cutest," John pulled his friend onto his chest quickly, then went running again, because the break was over. After this, the other kids on the bench went completely quiet, just looking at Sherlock in amazement. You do not borrow 'the hoodie' to just anyone. Every rugby player knew that.
The boys did what they were told, stood up and took eachothers hands. The therapist made them apologize, but it was a very cold and fake "sorry", while squeezing hands maybe way too much.
Despite of this, he forced himself to come up on stage. Suddenly, he noticed the amount of people that came. Some of them were familiar, there was Mrs. Hudson too of course, but otherwise...just a bunch of strangers that were staring at him. He was the second of the only two boys participating, so the stares he got were even more intense. Everyone was wondering how good he is. Sherlock himself wasn't sure right now.
After another half an hour, John was just so hopeless, that he tried the last thing that he thought would work. He texted Sherlock. It was a stupid idea, also it was a miracle that he had service in the place they were, but he didn't know what else to do and was on the verge of tears.
"Oh dear, John's not going?" she asked Sherlock, who smiled at her bittersweetly. "He's still sulking," he answered her and quickly opened the door.
He ended up entering the woods, completely lost in his thoughts and barefoot.
That was definitely a question Sherlock never expected to be asked from his former bully. Even more unexpected was him agreeing, after having a chat with the boy. Even the chat was so damn weird and Sherlock was excepting some kind of betrayal in the middle of it. But nothing happened. Tony got up after their agreement and turned back at the door.
,,Look who's here. He finally came to check on me," the doctor laughed loudly again. He avoided the bodies and started walking closer to Sherlock. Even though the detective was the one with a gun, he slowly began to walk backwards. His hands were shaking. His body could no longer aim at John Watson. Sherlock dropped the gun. It fell down into a pool of blood, there was a loud splash.
"We'll be done soon," the blonde boy patted Sherlock's head softly and his face reddened a little. "Stop worriying. I don't know what's up, but it's not true, okay?" John quickly kissed his cheek, but ran away before Sherlock could react to it.
Before he entered the tent, he sighed to himself how it sucks that John's tent is so far away and plus, right next to the teacher's tent. Robert and Tony could be heard from far away, that's how annoying they were. Sherlock didn't wanted to sleep anyway but he was used to silence. He tried to escape to his mind palace, but got interrupted by Robert whom started shaking his arm.
Sherlock looked from the door to the kitchen counter. "Was I supposed to ask him first?" he mumbled to himself, turning back to the counter, now feeling distressed.
"You know what, it's fine. I really don't want to be here, it's boring, so let's just talk about...something," said Sherlock, even though he had no idea what topic he could discuss with these three together. Mr. Roberts seemed pleased that they finally made some compromise.
Sherlock frowned and let go of John's hands. He crossed his arms over his chest and stared John down with an irritated look. ,,So, this is what's happening now? I texted the rugby captain and now he's taking over my life?" he asked John angrily and before the blonde boy could also quite furiously answer him, the curly boy angrily shouted that he hates all of them and stormed out the room.
John sighed and apologetically looked  at the nurse. ,,I'm so sorry about him. I haven't known him for long either, this is the first time I've seen him like this," John was amazed with how calm his voice sounded. He was currently in a mood to throw people out the window. Especially one person.
As for Mr. Denver, he knew both of them and how it is better to let them do their own thing, instead of some stupid 'couple therapy'.
Sherlock was looking at him with shock, then a cold expression crossed his face. "It is just a thing, John. And you could have put it somewhere else," he said flatly and John snorted, full of sarcasm. "Yeah, sure, I'm dealing with an overgrown child here, so I can't even put my stuff where I can look at it and be proud, because my boyfriend is so crazy, that he'll just melt it!" he was shouting again, filled with fury.
John couldn't be happier right now, he felt relieve washing over him and Robert's and Tony's curious gazes.
The tents occupants sat up and looked at their interrupters with confused faces. "What's...wrong?" John completely woke up first and now watched them with a worried expression. Did his boyfriend throw them out or something? Robert didn't wait another minute, grabbed John's arm and pulled. "Come out, John," Tony said instead of his friend. Their rugby captain sighed, shook his friend's hand away and silently got out of the tent, leaving the other two boys confusingly watching them.
"You're stuck with me forever, you know?" mumbled John into his boyfriend's shirt. The taller boy huffed.
He just stood there in silence, his knees were shaking. He was all alone. John wasn't there to cheer for him. Sherlock tried to convince himself that he didn't need John, but it was a lie. For a long time now. It was embarassing how much weaker his mentality got after meeting John. Whose fault was that? His, for being such a coward? Probably.
He couldn't run anymore. He killed John Watson and now he will be punished for the rest of his life. His only hope was that his last breath will be soon. He wasn't sure for how much longer he can bear this torture.
"Could you talk to eachother? I want to have lunch early," sighed Mr. Roberts in an annoyed tone and crossed his arms in front of his chest. Robert looked at John, who looked really annoyed. "So...when is our next practise?" he asked him slowly. His captain slowly raised his head, looking at his friend and expecting him to laugh.
Sherlock wasn't looking at him. He was most likely ignoring him and John was lost. How will he convince him to go to the therapist? Who will he listen to if not his brother?
"Do you live here alone?" he asked him dissaprovingly and Sherlock frowned. "Is that a problem?" he raised an eyebrow and John curtly nodded. "Of course it's a problem! You're a sixteen year old boy, Sherlock! No wonder you can experiment on dead bodies. Where the hell are your parents?!" the blonde boy was now shouting quite angrily and Sherlock didn't get it. Why was he so mad?
"Surprise, guys! Camping!" cheered the youngest teacher Miss Haze. "We'll be staying in tents and sleeping bags provided by the school!"
"I'm really sorry, dude," Robert was not looking at John, but at Sherlock. "I didn't mean that. You are so annoying sometimes-" "Yes, I know. I have been told that many times," Sherlock sighed and looked over at John, who was now watching them in silence.
After those words, the taller boy accepted John's embrace, tightly holding him closer by his waist.
Mr. Roberts let them out in the afternoon and by that time, they were all fine. Sherlock didn't even mind being in tent with those two anymore but when Mr. Roberts offered him to be with John in their own tent as a reward for Sherlock being reasonable, he of course didn't decline and gave his boyfriend a mischieveous smile.
the blonde boy thought to himself, while watching Sherlock on the little stage. He looked beautiful as ever. Funny thing was, the curly-haired boy didn't notice John for a while, so he didn't look nervous thanks to thinking he was alone.
The way there was exactly how he imagined it. Boring, loud and annoyingly long. John sat next to him and talked to his friends next to them while Sherlock tried to ignore the loud talking by earphones, but classical music wasn't really helping much.
,,Come on," John said quietly, still gently holding Sherlock's wrists. ,,Let's get some dinner."
She cried a lot, shouted and scolded the dark-haired boy and it made John smile. This was no laughing matter, but Sherlock seemingly took her words to heart.
After that, they were free to leave and they did, thinking how stupid this whole idea was.
"It's your turn now, isn't it?"
John noticed how shaken Sherlock looked and gave him a huge smile, indicating something with his mouth, though in complete silence. Anyone else would be confused, but Sherlock knew the words passed onto him immidiately. "You got this." After that, John gave everyone an apologetic look and quickly went to his seat.
Afternoon flew by so fast thanks to the next game, which took way longer. It was a long kind of adventurous game that took part in the forest and the teachers also joined in. It could've been fun if Sherlock played it with John, but once he finally wasn't bored, Robert and Tony started complaining how stupid it was. When he finally told them to shut up, they came back with some stupid comments and annoyed him for the rest of the game. At least they didn't hit him.
"John, I'm going to school with you today. And tomorrow. And basically I'm going back to school," said Sherlock, while sitting at the dining table with his friend, their feet just slightly touching.
Sherlock nervously stood outside of the school stadion, trying to find John. Was he still outside or did he already get dressed? All of the classmates that passed him so far started to whisper something to eachother when they went past him. Can't they just mind their business?
John came before the ambulance and almost crashed five times on the way there. The weird thing was, that Sherlock's brother did stop him from going, but also gave him a spare key for the door and Sherlock's flat. The Holmes family really is weird.
"Oh, you're not joking, Rob, really? Practise, huh? I was thinking, you know...do I even want you to stay in the team?" John asked himself out loud, looking deep in thought. Robert now shot a terrified look towards Tony and then apologetically looked at the curly-haired boy next to him. Sherlock gave out an exasperated sigh and for the first time in a long hour, said something.
He was used to his classmatess spurting out things like this, but this was just way too much for him. And the worst thing was the thought that John must've told them that. Why? Just why would he do that?
That simple unsaid sentence is what put Sherlock back in the mood for competition. That and John smiling at him from his seat. The dark-haired boy apologized for panicking, introduced himself and then...danced.
,,Sherlock!" the blonde boy shouted at his friend and the room quieted. Sherlock noticed him and immidiately smiled with triumph. ,,John!" he ran to him and happily took his hands. ,,Please, kindly tell her that I already have an annoying friend named John and don't  need a therapist," his voice was a bit calmer. John just stared at him. Is he serious?
Sherlock really didn't want to leave the campfire. Not only because it was nice to spend time with John, also the fire was fascinating and mainly he didn't want to join the two boys whom already went into their tent. Also, when everyone else left, John kissed him a lot. The fire was still burning when John pulled up his shirt and touched his bare skin. Sherlock let out a soft voice and also reached for his boyfriend's shirt.
"It didn't matter as much as seeing you like this. I know how much this mattered to you, I'm sorry for not wanting to be here, it was all a lie," John squeezed the taller boy's hand. There was nothing left to say, so they just stood there, smiling at eachother, until people around them started being annoyed of how long their conversation was, because they needed to take a picture of the winners.
"Sherlock, what the HELL are you doing? There's nothing in your bag!" Sherlock turned around and nervously ran a hand through his hair. "Uhm...I'm on it," he let out a nervous laugh, but John had already ran to his wardrobe and quickly put out all the needed things. Sherlock shrug his shoulders, finished the experiment anyway and after that he helped John pack his things.
John took Sherlock's hand on the way and squeezed it. "Come on, you should try to put my shoes on at least," he said to him with a worried look. Sherlock shook his head in disagreement. "I'm going to get ill either way, but both of us ill would be annoying."  "At least we could sleep in the same bed," stated John and the taller boy laughed. "Shut up," he frowned slightly, but gently brushed over John's back of the hand. The blonde boy gave him a sweet smile and their conversation was over.
Sherlock really did want to go to the game for the first time ever, but John's friends were faster. "Aren't you supposed to train?" he asked them in an annoyed tone. "Shut up, Holmes," spat one of them. "Your hanging around our captain is creepy. You're way out of his league," said the other one.
"Sherlock, are you-" He wanted to ask if his boyfriend was alright, but upon checking he most certainly was and instead his rugby trophy wasn't, he let go of the taller boy's sleeve and just stared for a long time.
he assured himself, smiling.
Then he sighed, slowly breathed in and out to calm himself down and then turned to the door. "Where are you going?" asked Sherlock quietly, trying to take in the situation. "To a friend's house. To a house where they don't melt my things," answered John, piercing through Sherlock with an icy stare. "At least apologize."
"John, what are you doing still in bed? We have to go," he said, tugging at John's duvet. The blonde boy, however, made an annoyed noise and pulled it back. "You have to go, I'm not going anywhere with you, while you still think it wasn't wrong to melt my trophy," he sneered at Sherlock and looked back down on his book.
"Well, but if he really doesn't come, that's a really bad sign, isn't it?" she asked him after a while on their taxi drive and Sherlock realized she was true.
"Sherlock, what the heck did you tell him about me?" the shorter boy stopped in front of the hospital and glared at his friend. Sherlock frowned, confusion written over his face. "You know what I told him, why are you asking me?" he asked John. The blonde boy folded his arms over his chest and his angry eyes met with Sherlock's.
"Come on, it's time to eat," he patted his shoulder and Sherlock followed him into the kitchen. The dinner was mostly quiet, because Sherlock seemed sad and John didn't know what to say to him.
Not anymore camping. Never again.
And that's where he got the idea for John's trophy. This trophy wasn't his, alone. It was also John's, because without him, he wouldn't even be here. Sherlock never really created anything, so the rugby ball he made was looking a bit weird. Hopefully John wouldn't care much.
he thought to himself, noticing Sherlock's sulky lips.
"What do you think?" Sherlock asked, now standing in front of the other boy. "I think you've already won. You have all of my votes," stated John seriously. Sherlock looked at him, obviously doubting his words.
That was that. Sherlock was watching the game, while cheering silently in his own way, meanwhile the students on their seats were just screaming, mostly. John seemed to have the most attention, people loved him. Sherlock was the complete opposite of that. After all, who would love him?
Sherlock smiled and kissed John again, holding him close. "I love you so much..." he whispered.
Sebastian frowned, "It's fine, nothing I can't handle..." he shook off the comment and spoke again. "Too bad we didn't get to finish, eh boys?" he looked back at the other players with him and they all laughed. "You see, you caught us by surprise before we could teach him a proper lesson. Looks like we'll just have to try again," he shrugged and smiled evilly.
Just then, Mycroft pulled up in his car and rolled down the passenger window. "Get in... Hurry!" he said firmly and reached over to open the door for John.
John groaned around Sherlock, his talented mouth making him want to open his own trousers and stroke himself. But he wasn't going to lose control. He pulled his moistened fingers from Sherlock's mouth and reached under his lover, swirling one around his entrance, while at the same time starting to move lower on him.
John shook his head. "Nothing." He glanced at Sherlock again and smiled. He was sure that after Saturday that he would surely have told him anything that he might have been keeping before.
Sherlock collapsed back on the bed when he was finished and he could only manage to nod his head in response. He laid still as he evened out his breathing and reached a hand out to try and get John to join him on the bed.
Sherlock frowned, confused, until his insecurity set in and voices that sounded strangely like every person that had ever bullied him filled his head.
At lunchtime, they met in the cafe and John walked off to grab them both a drink. While he was away, Sebastian approached the table and sat across from Sherlock, glaring at him. "You better stay away from John, freak. I know what you're trying to do. You're trying to corrupt him, make him a freak like you, but that's not going to happen."
Sherlock bit his lip, hesitating very briefly before nodding. "Yeah... I would," he said and smiled, leaning in for another kiss.
John flushed a little, realising he'd overdone it. "Sorry, love. You just had me worried for a while." He let his own hand approach Sherlock's, gently lacing their fingers as he stepped closer.
John hummed into the kiss, his own tongue sliding across Sherlock's, tasting him. He tilted his head to more easily kiss him, rolling onto his back so that Sherlock could lay on top of him.
Sherlock hugged John tightly and ran his hands up and down his back, "It's okay, I've got you. You're safe, you'll be all right," he whispered and placed a kiss to John's temple. He wondered what John could have been dreaming about that caused him to be so scared.
John shivered at Sherlock's voice in his ear but he tried to keep cool. "Watch it, Sherlock, or I might just drag you to a broom cupboard and pin you to the wall." He rolled his hips back subtly, so that if anyone saw it they would think he was just shifting his position.
Sherlock smiled back and gave his fiancé another hug before pulling away. "Let's go grab some lunch, yeah?" he said and stood, holding out his hand for John.
Mycroft stepped up beside John a moment later, "So... you're marrying my brother," he said, his hands clasped behind his back.
John let his mind drift, thinking about Sherlock and how now they wouldn't have to worry about being attacked anymore. At least for the time being. He just hoped that Moran and the others didn't try to find them outside of school. The chances were slim, but still possible. If they did, John would protect Sherlock until the end.
Sherlock smirked, but had pity on John and removed his trousers and pants. After tossing them on the floor, he came back and kissed both of his lover's hipbones before kissing all over his thighs.
Sherlock shook his head, "wow... I wouldn't want to be in her shoes right now." He turned to John and smiled, "come on, then... let's go dance!"
Meanwhile, he popped the top of the bottle and squirted some of the liquid onto his fingers. He reached under Sherlock to circle his entrance before pushing one finger inside.
Sherlock bit his lip as he pushed inside of John slowly. "
John used the last of his energy to wrap his arms around Sherlock, holding him close. "I don't think I'd ever be able to get off again without you," he admitted with a bit of a blush. He tilted his head to rest his cheek in Sherlock's curls. "You are so amazing."
John got quite a few smiles and pats on the back during his first classes. A few people even expressed jealousy that the two of them were off the market. He just smiled back and tried to act nonchalant. The attention was very different, but not entirely unwelcome.
It was obvious when Sherlock had hit it because John almost screamed from the feeling. He arched up, hips pushing onto Sherlock's fingers, trying to get them deeper. Panting, John relaxed again, but still moaned in his ecstasy from Sherlock's ministrations. "You... Oh, you're amazing..."
Sherlock shrugged and sat down on the bed. "Well... To be honest the idea never appealed to me. All the responsibilities of being a parent, all the bills and the dirty diapers and things." He reached up and grabbed John's hand, pulling him gently into his lap. "However... I really like the idea of starting a family with you someday. You would be an excellent father." He smiled up at his fiancé and kissed him softly on the lips.
John kissed Sherlock's shoulder blade and gently rocked him. "I don't want you to hide that from me. If you have a problem, I'm supposed to make it better." He turned Sherlock around so that he could look into the other boy's eyes. "I know you don't want to talk about the dreams or the memories, but I want to be able to comfort you when they upset you."
Sherlock leaned over to whisper in John's ear, "I guess I'll just have to restrain you like you did to me the other night," he murmured softly. He flicked his tongue out, letting it lightly swipe across the other boy's ear without John's father noticing and pulled back nonchalantly.
John's heart fluttered as Sherlock pulled him in for a hug, and he couldn't help himself. He put his arms around Sherlock and stayed there, face pressed into his shoulder. Sherlock smelled like clean laundry, a little like cinnamon, and just faintly like cigarettes. Somehow the combination seemed fitting and he relaxed a little because of it. He let Sherlock keep his face locked on him and listened to his deep baritone as he spoke. John's heart filled with warmth at the explanation, and sadness as well. He could see the sincerity in his eyes and he nodded, pulling Sherlock in for another hug. "Thank you..." Looking up at him without breaking away, John spoke with more determination. "I promise, I'll never let anyone come after you again. From now on, I'll protect you, ok?" He hoped that the vow wasn't too forward, but he just felt like it was something he had to do. Something about Sherlock was special and it drew him in.
It wasn't long before John's father was calling to them saying that dinner was ready. John heard it first and drowsily nudged Sherlock. "Sher...'sdinner time." He honestly was pretty content right here, but he was a little hungry too.
Sherlock groaned as he felt himself get closer and closer to the edge. He kept vibrating his fingers against John's prostate and wrapped his tongue around the length of his cock, bobbing his head in the same rhythm as his fiance.
"Oh, come on... Have a little fun!" The girl tried to grind against him, but Sherlock grabbed her by the hips and pushed her away. "I said...
, just ring someone? His mum, dad... anyone." She knelt next to John and placed her hand on his shoulder, "come on, John..." she said softly.
John stroked Sherlock long and slow, wanting to see how long his husband could last before completely losing it. He used various amounts of pressure, occasionally swiping his thumb over the head of his lover's cock, and of course still biting and suckling at Sherlock's skin.
your first. I mean, you'd never had sex with another boy before..." Sherlock smiled at John and got lost for a while, remembering their first time together.
John moaned and took more of Sherlock in as a reward, rocking his hips between the dual sensations. He slipped one finger inside of Sherlock, pushing it as far in as he could. Meanwhile his mouth was working half of Sherlock's length, the other half being slowly stroked.
Sherlock observed how John was acting towards him and since he was not pulling away from his touches but rather pulling him closer, he came to the conclusion that John was feeling close to him as well. The overwhelming desire to just take him in his arms again and kiss him until he was breathless was almost too much to bear. He wouldn't push it though, knowing that John probably had not been in a situation like this with another male before, so he smiled and calmed his thoughts. "We could just sit on my bed and talk if you want," he said, gesturing to the mattress, "I would very much like to know more about you, John."
"She should have been. But I haven't seen her in ten years." He smiled a bit at her. "Hamish Watson," he said, holding out his hand.
John looked up at Sherlock and bit his lip. He nodded and held tightly to his hand, his free hand going up to Sherlock's shoulder. Sherlock had him. It was going to be alright.
"John? I can't find my car keys... Do you remember the last place I had them?"
John took the bottle, a wry smile on his face. "Interesting. When did you get this?" He opened it to squirt some onto his fingers, tasting it. Strawberry, like his favourite jam.
"Ohhh,
"I know. But I don't know what I would have done if he took
Sherlock slowly came to and when he felt John's arms around him he clung to him as tightly as he could. "Please, John... Don't let him make me do it again, I don't want to do it again..." he sobbed and shook, holding fast to the other boy as tears streamed down his face.
Sherlock focused his entire being on John. The feel of his lips against his own, his taste, how it felt to have him pressed against his chest, his hand on his-
Sherlock hummed in content and kicked off the blankets, trailing his hand down his torso and letting his fingers dip below the waistband of his sleep trousers. "I'm touching myself now... tell me what else you'd do to me," he spoke huskily and bit his lip as he moved his hand lower.
John kissed Sherlock back firmly, excited to see what he would do in return for all his teasing. He tilted his head automatically, giving Sherlock more skin to kiss.
John smiled, kissing Sherlock back. "I'll take that as a positive answer." He turned around and undid Sherlock's ankles, then climbed back up to snuggle against him. "Really, though, if you ever don't like something I do, you'll tell me, right?"
Sherlock sighed, "same as you... extremely lonely. Mum made me wash the sheets earlier," he said with a smile, "I couldn't help but think of you and how they got dirty in the first place."
John grinned and closed his eyes happily. "I love you, too, Sherlock. With all my heart and soul." He stroked Sherlock's cheek, pulling back again to stare at his perfect face. He had always been happy with Sherlock, and always would be, but he had to say this was the happiest moment of his life.
John laughed a little, but there was no mirth behind it. "Only if you can remove memories from my brain." As long as he remembered, he was about to keep having nightmares. It was an unfortunate truth, but it was just the way his mind worked.
Sherlock hissed in pleasure as John's fingers dug into his back and moaned, "God,
Nodding slowly, he got up and went to his room. He wanted to be with Sherlock, but he knew he couldn't drive in this state, so he sent a text to him instead.
John slept with only happy dreams, feeling quite well-rested by the time Sherlock's kisses woke him up. He left his eyes closed but made a soft sound and nuzzled into Sherlock's neck further, wanting to stay just where he was for the time being. He reached down for the duvet, pulling it up to his shoulders so it covered both of them.
Sherlock focused on the most tense areas and leaned forward to kiss the wet skin as he worked. "I can't get over how sexy you look when you're soaking wet," he murmured.
Sherlock let all his tears out and after a few more minutes he pulled back and rested his forehead against John's. "Thank you," he whispered and leaned forward to kiss him.
John's breathing was laboured as he nearly sobbed with the sensations. "Ah...Oh, yes...Fuck, yes, Sherlock!" With a few hard slams between both of their efforts, John was coming hard, spilling out onto Sherlock's chest and abdomen. He made sure that he clenched his muscles tightly around his lover's cock as he rode his orgasm.
"Well... Technically I
John followed Sherlock into the sauna, letting out a puff of breath at how hot it was. "Wow. This is really cool. You could run a hotel or something in your house with this setup." He sat down on the bench with Sherlock and grinned at him.
John pushed in further, knowing by Sherlock's movements that he wanted him to. He added a third and final finger, burying them as deep as he could inside of his lover.
John grinned and placed more kisses along Sherlock's jawline. He trailed them from one side to the other, turning a little to put his hands on Sherlock's shoulders. He hummed against Sherlock's skin and sucked lightly right at the junction of his jaw and neck.
Sherlock chuckled, "well... knowing
Sherlock moaned into John's mouth and reached in between them to start undoing the other boy's trousers. He released his lover's lips and started kissing his way down John's neck.
John rolled his eyes. "Of course I will. You'll probably level at a healthy weight." He looked up at Sherlock, purely curious. "That's not why you don't eat is it?"
Sherlock let his eyes flutter open and he smiled down at John, "hello there," he murmured and stretched his legs a little. John grinned up at him. "Hello." He shifted a little, but everything was still sore and he groaned in pain. "This sucks," he said. "What time is it?" He looked around but there wasn't a clock in the room.
After several minutes, Mr. Holmes rejoined the group. "They said he's stable," he said, getting out the most important information first. "He lost quite a bit of blood and his heart did stop for several seconds. The doctor said although they were able to revive him, they don't know if there is any brain damage due to the lack of blood to his brain. They won't know anything more until he wakes up."
John frowned a bit remembering. "The first day that we were together, after you got knocked out, I literally ripped the rugby players from you and carried you out of the school. I would have carried you all the way to the hospital if your brother hadn't shown up."
John looked at the reply and held the phone to his chest as he curled up on the bed. He couldn't believe that they were going to leave, that he might be somewhere far from Sherlock. Where would they even go? What could they possibly afford if not this tiny, run down flat? It was all his fault.
John's eyes rolled back in his head. He thought that Sherlock talking to him before was sexy, but speaking French...God. He arched his neck towards his husband's lips moaning softly.
"Oh, God..." Sherlock whispered and tightened his grip on his lover's head. He had a feeling that John wasn't quite done teasing him and he whimpered, letting his head roll back on his shoulders.
John looked down as well. "Hmm...Do you have a bucket or something? We could just scoop the water out." He chuckled a little watching the way it moved.
John looked up and wiped his eyes again before standing and holding tightly to Sherlock's hand. He let the other boy bring him down to the living room where his father was still sitting.
"How did you know to come back?" Helen said, brow furrowed, "Explain how they got you away from him..." Sherlock squeezed John's hand tighter, knowing she was bound to ask that question. He hadn't really heard the details himself of what happened while John was away with Mary.
Sherlock felt anger rise in him and he closed his eyes, "they need more evidence of how bad Sebastian is? How violent and...
John felt warmth fill his face and he moved his hand to lace their fingers together. "You are such a sweetheart. I can't believe no one else has scooped you up yet." He finished off the rest of his breakfast and a glass of juice before looking back to Sherlock. "Ready?"
Sherlock laid there all sprawled out beneath his lover and his heart was pounding. He looked up at John with lust darkened eyes and licked his lips. It was more arousing than he thought it would be, being in such a vulnerable state, but he supposed that was because it was John that was in control right now. Had it been anyone else, he wouldn't have enjoyed this nearly as much.
"Oh, shit! I forgot to call my father yesterday and I never came home." He sat up and went to grab his mobile, but then he realized that he hadn't answered Sherlock. "I'd love to meet your father, Sherlock. Before I go home." He smiled at him broadly even though he was a bit nervous.
He grabbed hold of John's tongue with his teeth and sucked on it before letting go and sucking on his lower lip instead. Once he was done, he pulled away for air and breathed John's name against his lips. Then he began placing kisses on every bruise he saw.
John turned angry for a moment. Had someone attacked Sherlock? He didn't look hurt. But then it clicked. Someone had attacked him, but before they had met. Sherlock must have had a flashback, especially after his nightmares and being tired. He reached up to wipe Sherlock's tears and kissed him gently. "You don't have to talk about it, but you don't have to go through it alone." He wrapped his arms around the other boy and pulled him in.
John looked up at him, only feeling more horrid from the new tidbit of information. If Sherlock wound up using again because of this...He didn't even want to think about it. He bowed his head again when Mycroft asked him to tell what happened. It was awkward telling him this but if it would help he didn't care.
"Sherlock," John said, waking further. "Come on, lovey. You have to eat something." He wiggled out of Sherlock's arms and stood up.
Mycroft looked at both boys in the rear view. "All I ask of you both is please no snogging in my car, contain those teenage hormones."
John grinned, taking a few breaths to calm down and then nodded. He took the bottle and grabbed a wash rag, pouring out some soap onto it. Then he spun Sherlock around and started washing his back.
else.
Sherlock touching his inner walls. It was...indescribable. He waited, panting, and leaned forward to put his hands on Sherlock's chest.
Sherlock chuckled deeply and continued to massage for a few minutes. After his lover was relaxed enough, he spread his arse cheeks, revealing his puckered entrance. He swallowed hard, his heart pounding in excitement for what he was about to do. Leaning forward slowly, he kept John's arse spread and he slipped his tongue out of his mouth, lightly grazing his entrance.
She smiled nervously and cleared her throat, "well then... We're going to go over a few questions that I expect Sebastian's lawyer will ask you and some that I myself will ask. To begin with, I would like to talk about the first incident. John... How did it all start?"
Sherlock laughed softly and got out of the pool to grab an empty chlorine bucket. He scooped it out and tossed the water off to the side. "There... Better." He sat on the edge of the pool and dipped his feet in, "do you want to get in the hot tub with me? I'll give you a massage." Sherlock grinned down at the other boy.
Sherlock kept staring out the window with a frown on his face. Of course he had wanted to have a quick snogging session before John had to leave, but the real reason he wanted him to stay was much more important. He was afraid that once he had to sleep alone again, the nightmares would return.
Mr. Watson didn't look fully convinced, but he shrugged a little. "It's been known to happen sometimes. He used to heckle his older sister from time to time until she chased him around the house and tackled him down."
Sherlock chuckled, "yes it is. Although... I haven't had a chance to fuck
John," he whispered and pushed his hips up slightly. He wasn't sure how long he could stay quiet at the rate things were going. John was being such a tease and he was /so/ hungry for more.
Sherlock pulled away and sighed, "I can't wait to be married to you. I want the world to know you're mine forever," he said and ran his thumb across John's cheek.
Sherlock bit his lip, "Well... There is a way." He shifted and reached behind him, digging around in his bedside table. "I was going to wait to do this," he started and grabbed what he was looking for. He shut the drawer and turned back to John. "But in light of recent events... I really can't think of a better time." Sherlock's hands were shaking as he handed John the small box in his hand. He smiled nervously at his boyfriend, heart pounding.
John felt his heart break listening to Sherlock. "No, Sherlock, look at me," he said, gently turning his face back. "Of course I don't regret helping you. I wouldn't change anything that happened that day." He leaned in and kissed him softly.
of you... Now." She led them out of the courtroom and off to the side meeting room. "What... the
"Mmm... That's Sherlock Holmes-Watson to you," he murmured and kissed John on the lips again. He was actually really anxious about what his husband was going to do to him.
John didn't see the exchange between Sherlock and Moran as he was looking down into his lap. This was always so hard, no matter how many times he talked about it. "When I saw him, I stood in front of Sherlock," he said quietly. "Sebastian said that he just wanted to see how we were doing, and I told him to get out. I said that since he was alone this time that I would be able to take him down." He would have too, if it hadn't been for the gun. "And then he pulled out the gun." Again John needed to pause to try to compose himself. The closer he got to...that, the stronger the memory became.
John watched as Sherlock fixed the room up, the ambiance of the situation already distracting him from his previous thoughts. And when Sherlock slowly started undressing, he found himself nearly completely forgetting everything that had happened only less than an hour before.
After a while, Sherlock opened his eyes slowly and smiled down at his fiancé. "Good morning, love," he said and stretched before hugging John tighter.
Sebastian advanced on him and sat on his chest, beginning to throw punches to every part of his upper body. A blow to his jaw, one to his shoulder, several to his stomach and chest. In a blind rage now, he just kept pummeling him as hard and as fast as he could.
Sherlock could hear several people in the pews sniffling and caught a glimpse of his mother wiping her eyes with a handkerchief as he finished speaking. He felt tears come to his own eyes as he smiled brightly down at John.
John wondered what Sherlock could mean by that, but he did as he was asked and got up to get the satchel. He brought it back to the bed, sitting next to Sherlock and watching as he opened it.
he is?"
"Ohh, fuck..." John bucked back into Sherlock's hips. "So full...Go hard, Sherlock." He dug his fingers into the leather, almost enough to scratch.
Sebastian groaned in pain and pushed himself up off the ground. "You
John's head whipped around to face Mary at the touch, eyes wide with fear and worry. But she was right, nothing he was doing was working, and he pulled out his mobile to call for an ambulance. When they said they were on their way he pulled Sherlock into his lap and cradled him close, crying softly into his shoulder. Sherlock's limp body was bringing back horrible memories from the day of the shooting, and he had to grab his wrist, keeping his finger on the other boy's pulse to remind him that he was indeed alive.
After and riding to school on his bike and nearly hitting someone with how tired he was, John was glad to see Sherlock on the steps waiting for him. He smiled and walked over, rubbing his eyes. "Morning, love."
." She quickly grabbed onto the back of John's head and pulled him in, crushing her lips against his.
John groaned and moved his head to expose more skin for Sherlock. He pushed up his hips so that the other boy could slip his trousers and pants off, and he slipped his own hands around to start opening Sherlock's.
John grumbled a little. "Yes,
John hugged Sherlock back, holding him tightly. He seemed to be back to himself, though he was still terribly upset. So John sat with him, rubbing his back and whispering soothingly to him. "It's alright, Sherlock. I'm here. I'm not going anywhere, love. I love you." He just knew that this had something to do with what he had done to make Sherlock upset in the first place. What had he been saying? Being ashamed of him? That must be it. But why would Sherlock think he was ashamed? John would have to wait until he calmed down to find out.
John watched Sherlock go before he went into the classroom, not entirely ready to have to sit through an entire sixty minutes without falling asleep. In fact by the time lunch came, John had spent nearly his entire morning fighting drowsiness. He sat waiting for Sherlock to come into the cafeteria, but had dozed off after a while, not realising that Sherlock was late until a loud noise from one of the other tables jerked him awake.
John rolled his eyes as Sherlock covered them, but he obliged and closed them. He let Sherlock lead him, keeping a hold of his arm until he stopped. He felt him step behind and as his eyes were uncovered, they fluttered open and- "Sherlock...This is beautiful..." John gazed at the clearing, eyes sweeping in wonder from one side to the other.
Sherlock smiled and kissed John on the lips before moving along the side of his jaw with tender kisses. He peppered his face and moved his lips down to the other boy's neck, nipping the skin lightly. His hands reached to the bottom of his fiancé's jumper, pulling it up and off.
Sherlock smiled reassuringly at him, "come on, you'll be fine." When he saw that John wasn't going to give in that easily, he put on his best pout, batting his eyelashes for good measure, "please? For my birthday?"
John readied himself, knowing that with what he was doing Sherlock wouldn't last long. Sure enough, he was soon coming, and John swallowed everything he gave, keeping his lips moving on Sherlock through the orgasm. When he was finished, John licked him clean and pulled his fingers out. "How was that?" he asked, moving up to untie Sherlock's wrists.
"But I want to. I'll find a way to make it work." John thought about it for a moment. Maybe he should get a job. Since he wasn't doing rugby anymore, and he didn't have to spend much on anything but gas for his bike, he might be able to save up enough over the rest of the year for a ring and still have money for school...That is if he worked every single day for eight hours. He sighed, wishing that he wasn't in such a sorry financial state.
John shook his head again and wiped at his eyes. "No, I don't want to spoil the night," he said softly. "I was fine until we got separated. Then these girls showed up and they all smelt like booze and then I...they all looked like her." He didn't know how else to explain the one moment where he saw his sister everywhere.
Walking from the closet with his violin and bow in hand, he applied the rosin to the bow and nestled the violin under his chin. He raised the bow and drew it slowly across the strings, starting a sweet tune. He smiled and closed his eyes, thinking of John as he continue to play.
John blushed a little, shrugging. "It's easy when you have someone to be brave for. I would do anything for you, anything you ask me to, anything to protect you." He leaned up to kiss Sherlock tenderly. "You make me brave."
John could only make loud cries as his entire body was rocked by Sherlock's movements. Somehow he managed to get one shaking hand down to wrap around his own cock and stroke sporadically. He couldn't think, could barely breathe, he was so wrapped up in the feeling of Sherlock deep inside of him. He couldn't even warn Sherlock when he was getting closer, though his sounds became louder and more desperate.
"Really?" Sherlock said and yawned, pulling John close once he was in bed with him. "When did you last carry me?" he asked and rested his head on his fiance's shoulder.
John pushed his hips up, unable to see what Sherlock was doing while he was hidden beneath the blanket. But the surprise of the sensations was making them all the better. His breath was rapid and he gripped the sheets as Sherlock licked him. And then,
"No," John said. "Ms. Rodin said herself, Moran attacked you once and he would try to do it again. He would have kept trying until he succeeded." He rubbed Sherlock's back, kissing his temple.
Sherlock whimpered at his lover's words, completely lost in every sensation he was feeling. "John... Oh,
Sherlock nodded, "I actually
"Fuck, yes... 'm yours, John. Only yours...
John pulled away from his father and got up to go to Sherlock's room. Before he left, he looked back at Mr. and Mrs. Holmes and smiled as best as he could. "It's all right. There was nothing that you could have done, anymore than I could have." Then with a deep breath he walked back towards the rooms.
"Nothing was said beforehand? He just... pulled a gun on you?" Sherlock cleared his throat and Helen looked back at him, "What?"
John took a deep breath. That conversation had made him so angry, but he couldn't get upset, not now. "He came up and asked me where Sherlock was, referring to him again as 'the freak'." He knew that the people in the courtroom would be even more sympathetic to them if he showed them how terrible Moran was to Sherlock when he hadn't done anything. "I told him that Sherlock was at home thanks to him, and he lamented that he didn't get to finish what he was doing." He was getting angrier with each word he spoke and he tried to get a lid on it.
Sherlock gave John a watery smile, tears still falling down his cheeks. He grasped his hand a little tighter before letting it go and laying his head on the bed next to John's side. "I'm sorry, John..." he murmured, "I'm so sorry I wasn't there to stop him," he sobbed, turning his face and burying it in the blankets.
Sherlock swallowed and then took one of the controls. He chose his character and the game began.
John knew he wasn't going to last much longer once Sherlock finally entered. He was already having trouble holding on now, his cock dripping with precum. He pushed his hips towards Sherlock as he felt him so close to his entrance, whining in impatience. "Yes...please, Sherlock."
John sat and waited, nearly falling asleep with how long Sherlock was out for. He was almost afraid that he wouldn't wake up. But after a while he finally heard the raspy sound of his name in a familiar baritone and he looked up, eyes instantly watering. "Sherlock..." He stood and peered over him from the edge of the bed. He smiled and a tear slipped down his cheek. "Hi..." he said for lack of anything better.
Sherlock felt his heart clench and he brought his hand up to the back of John's head. He took his other hand and put it on the small of his back, stroking gently. "Shhh... It's okay, John. It'll all be fine," he whispered soothingly.
Sherlock kissed John on the lips briefly and hugged him tighter before letting him go to get up and grab them both some clothes. As he walked over to his bureau, the butler knocked and after Sherlock told him it was okay to come in, he pushed in a cart with two bowls of dessert. It looked like they were having brownies with ice cream and whipped cream on top, one of Sherlock's favorites.
Sherlock's parents joined them shortly after they were seated. Sherlock's mother was dressed in a two piece grey tweed suit with a pink chiffon blouse and had her salt and pepper hair pulled back in a loose bun. His father was tall and slender, much like Sherlock was and his hair was completely grey. He was wearing a black blazer with a dark blue button down shirt and black dress pants.
"What?" John didn't understand and he felt a bit stung. Had Moran and the others said something to Sherlock while he was gone? "I didn't do anything with her," he said, trying to turn his face to meet his eyes.
"What happened then, John?" Helen asked, her voice low. Sherlock knew this would end up being the most difficult part to remember and he made his breaths slow and deliberate so his fiancé could see the movement as well as tapping his finger lightly on the table in front of him, mimicking his heart beat.
much more.
John grinned a little, humming. "That won't be too hard. You are quite the distraction." He turned and caught Sherlock's lips briefly, then pulled away to look up at him. "Thanks for listening," he said quietly.
John smiled and kissed his phone. "I love you, too, my darling. See you tomorrow." He gave the mobile one last kiss and then hung up. With a heavy sigh, he put it on his nightstand and then tried to fall asleep.
"Mmm... Well, if you did that, I'd never let you leave," Sherlock said and chuckled. He leaned down to press a soft kiss to John's cheek and left his face there, snuggling into his neck.
Sherlock gave John a quick peck on the lips before jumping out of bed to get dressed. "Get up! There's a lot to show you," he said and winked at his boyfriend before walking out the door to the bathroom.
John grinned, following Sherlock to the room and not expecting at all what he saw. There were arcade games all along the wall, the billiards table, a ping pong table, and even a big television with game consoles hooked up and a cabinet filled with games. "Sherlock...This is awesome! Why haven't you taken me in here before?" He went straight over to one of the arcade games, an older one that was one of his favourites when he was younger. "Wanna play me? Bet I can kick your scrawny little arse."
John sighed happily, returning the kiss. They danced for a long while until they finally announced that the cake was being brought out. It was a tall cake, chocolate with strawberry jam filling and vanilla buttercream icing. On top were two groom figures that someone had done up to look like the lovely couple (and pushed the John figure down a bit to make him look shorter).
Footsteps approached a moment later and Mr. Watson had stepped back into the room. He looked solemn, but was trying to hide it with a weak smile. "I'm going home, John. The doctors said they won't release you until tomorrow and I think I know who you'd rather have hanging around with you." He moved over to the bed and kissed John on the forehead. "Goodnight, lad. Rest up." Then he turned to Sherlock and put his hand out to shake. "Take care of him for me."
Sherlock smiled and nodded, "I love you, too John... more than anything. I am so lucky to have you." He grabbed John by the back of the head and pulled him in gently for another kiss. When he pulled away to breathe, he smiled weakly. "Did you tell her off?" he asked, resting their foreheads together.
Sherlock growled, shifting his hips to try and help hit his lover's prostate. "God, yes... That's it, love, ride me harder...
John could never have reacted in time. All he could do was watch in slow motion as Sherlock's side burst with red. "Sherlock!" He scrambled over to him, Sebastian forgotten. "Sherlock? Sherlock, please can you hear me?"
John looked over and took Sherlock's hand, swearing he heard a bit of a choke in his fiance's voice. "Are you sure?" He laced his fingers through the other boy's. "I won't be able to sleep if I know you're mad at me." He actually wasn't sure if he'd be able to sleep well at all without Sherlock tonight. And Sherlock probably wouldn't either... Oh. Was that what this was about? "Sherlock...do you want to stay at my place tonight?"
John gazed up at Sherlock, listening to his deep baritone as he quoted some probably high level piece of classical literature. It was the most beautiful thing that anyone had ever said to him. And as Sherlock finished, he felt like he might cry. "Sherlock...That's the sweetest, most wonderful thing anyone has ever said to me." He rested his head on Sherlock's chest and closed his eyes. "I don't know how I got so lucky to find you."
Sherlock just laid there panting for a few moments, trying to catch his breath and gather his wits. He pulled John close to him and kissed him, "that... was the single most amazing thing I have ever experienced," he said, grinning like a mad man.
John gasped and cried out, his hand only barely muffling it as he finally climaxed. His hips went wild into Sherlock's mouth, spilling out hard and fast with the amazing sensations.
Sherlock scooped the dirty water out of the hot tub and glanced at the clock on the wall. He grabbed his own towel and wrapped it around his waist, then grabbed John's hand, pulling him off towards the sauna. "Come on, we'll dry off quicker in here. We have to meet with the lawyer in an hour."
," Sherlock moaned and leaned his head back. He slipped in another finger and by memory alone, pressed both fingers against his lover's prostate. He continued to roll his hips against the other boy's, getting closer and closer to release.
John had to take a second to decide, but said, "An oath." He wasn't really strongly religious, but since he met Sherlock he'd been believing more and more in miracles. And they could use all the help they could get to put Moran away.
Sherlock's dream took a turn for the worse as the afternoon dragged on. He was sitting in his room and John was pacing the floor...
John's hands were sweaty and he really hoped that Sherlock didn't mind. He clasped them tightly in his own and returned the 'I love you' as the ceremony began. It began with the usual. "We are gathered here today..." but John was hardly listening, just staring and smiling at Sherlock. He was finally brought out of his stupor when he heard the minster say, "The couple has decided to write their own vows for each other. Who would like to go first?" John bit his lip and looked up at Sherlock sheepishly, hoping he would go first.
..." He groaned as softly as he could and looked up into the other boy's eyes as he continued to thrust.
Sherlock managed to maneuver them over to the ottoman, still managing to see them both in the mirror. He continued to prepare his lover, adding a second and then a third finger.
John grinned back at them. "I always sleep well when I'm here," he said with a quick glance at his fiance. "Good morning to you too."
John watched Sherlock in curiosity, wondering what he could mean. That is, until he was given the tiny box. His eyes widened and he blinked rapidly a few times in disbelief. "Sherlock...is this?" A smile tugged at the edges of his lips as he opened the top.
Sherlock smirked against the side of his lover's face, "you like the sound of my voice, don't you?" he said in an amused tone. "God, John... I love the way your cock looks, you know that? So thick and long... I want you to stroke your entire length, keep it slow."
they just made him harder. He reached down to softly stroke himself as he watched his fiancé. "Shit, John... I've never felt anything like being inside you. I can't wait until you're ready for me," Sherlock murmured. He scooted until he was in a sitting position, still stroking his length and eyes locked on John.
Sherlock smiled up at John and took his pants off with his teeth, knowing how crazy it drove his lover when he'd undone his trousers like this. Once the pants were off, he licked a line up the underside of John's cock, right along the pulsing vein there. He lightly kissed the tip of his arousal, but then switched to kissing along his hipbones. Sherlock gripped to his lover's waist, pushing him down into the bed to keep him from bucking up as he teased him.
Sherlock groaned and reached one of his hands up to tangle in John's hair at the back of his head. He opened his mouth willingly and plunged his tongue into his boyfriend's mouth.
Sherlock broke into a grin and leaned down to whisper in John's ear. "I will try to keep my hands off you... But you have no idea how irresistible your body is. If we can't control ourselves however... Well... I think we can be quiet." He pulled away and winked again, squeezing the other boy's hand.
John grinned back at her, though her sitting with them had been rather unexpected. Though he guessed that this sort of thing was going to start happening more now that they weren't the target of a crazed bully. "Hi, Mary. We're fine. How are you?"
"Thanks mum," Sherlock said as his mother walked away to greet some other guests that had just arrived. He looked around at the other people, not seeing Irene among them, but she would most certainly be here soon. He guided John to the bar and sat down on one of the stools. "So, what would you like, love? I'm not much of a drinker myself, I've only ever had champagne and wine."
John looked down, eyes automatically going to the healing wound in Sherlock's side. "I want to do it," he said firmly, looking back up. "Anything to get him behind bars. Even though I don't think that's nearly enough to pay for what he did, it will have to do." He searched Sherlock's face to try to see how he was feeling about this. "If you want I can do it for both of us," he continued, more gently. "Whatever you want. But I am definitely willing to testify."
John had managed to undo Sherlock's trousers and he bit back a moan at the feeling of his fingers lightly touching his most intimate area through the thin cotton of his pants.
John looked up at Sherlock and sighed. He could read him so easily. "I know you will. I just..." He bit his lip before continuing. "I won't feel like I belong there. It's a totally different world from what I'm used to, and I feel like I'll stick out like a sore thumb." He looked down into his champagne, watching the tiny bubbles rise to the surface and pop.
Sherlock felt his heart drop, "the... army? You... no! You can't!" He retreated to the other side of the bed, shaking his head, "you can't leave me... I... I'll get mum and dad to pay for your school, you can't... you promised you wouldn't leave," he murmured, his voice dropping to a whisper at the last few words.
"Go ahead and start without me, I'll just grab us some clothes and change real quick," Sherlock said and smiled back at John. He pulled his shirt up and over his head, tossing it into the laundry bin.
Sherlock moaned and twitched at each kiss to his body. He felt oversensitive all over and loved the way John was making him feel. When his lover looked down at him in such awe, he broke into a smile and his cheeks turned red.
John couldn't believe that Sherlock had pushed him away, and was actually a bit hurt. Unless his dream self had taken the kiss as though it was Sebastian. But why would that make sense? John didn't know what to do. Maybe he could talk to him again.
John kept Sherlock's hand for as long as he could, only finally releasing to let him go up to the witness stand. He kept his eyes locked on Sherlock, wanting to make him feel as though he were only speaking to him, only telling him what happened. At least this way, he might feel better about a bunch of strangers who didn't really need to know what had happened hearing his most private, dark secrets.
too big. I think it would be nice to have a cozy little flat somewhere." He lifted his head to kiss John on the cheek, "especially if you're living there with me."
"Mary took be around a corner and pinned me to the wall and...kissed me." John made a face. That kiss had been terrible, though not as terrible as the one with Irene Adler.
Irene raised an eyebrow, "oh really? What made you change your mind so quickly? You're only what... 17? You've hardly seen enough girls to make such an important decision." She smiled and cocked her head to the side.
"You're not an idiot," Sherlock murmured and cracked a smile before slowly opening his eyes. He looked over at John, "Hey, love," he said softly.
Mary stood awkwardly at the door in silence, just watching with concern. Sherlock continued to sob, lost in his mind again. He curled in on himself tighter, trying to protect himself from the pain of the memories that came flooding back.
"Any time, dear! You're always welcome here," Mrs. Holmes said and smiled warmly at him. Sherlock grabbed John by the wrist and drug him out of the dining hall, trying to avoid his brother, but as they reached the door Mycroft was standing there with his arms across his chest.
John chuckled a little, stepping out of the car and taking Sherlock's hand. "Why, thank you." Together they walked up to the door. From outside the tuneless pounding of bass could be felt, and there were lights on in the backyard where most of the voices were coming from. He took a deep breath, preparing himself for the inevitable meeting with drunk peers.
Sherlock squeezed John's hand and led him to the dining hall. They were alone this time, his parents usually spent the morning in bed on the weekends. The table was already set with two plates of french toast and he pulled the chair out for John again before sitting down himself.
Sherlock stuck his tongue out and sat on the stool taking notes the rest of the class. When the last bell rang, he smacked John on the arse as they walked out the door. "You're a bloody tease, you know that?" He murmured in his fiance's ear as they walked to the car.
Sherlock smiled and led John back to the dining area and out to the dance floor. There was a faster song playing now, so he smirked and pressed his back against the other boy's front, grabbing his hands to place them on his hips and began swaying to the beat.
John pressed his face to Sherlock's neck, kissing over all the marks he'd left when they were on the plane. He let out a long groan and picked up the pace of his thrusts a bit. He was enjoying this, so much, and it brought him back to their first time together, the first time they'd physically been one. And now they were bonded in every way possible.
Sherlock kept stroking John's arousal as he pulled away and put his lips right up to his boyfriend's ear. He whispered sweet things like: "I love you so much" and "You're so beautiful." Everything he'd thought about the other boy since the day they met and every feeling he'd felt since they first kissed coming out through every touch and word.
Sherlock grinned, "I take it you approve then?" He chuckled and pulled his lover to him, wrapping his arms loosely around his waist.
"Hey..." Sherlock cupped John's cheek and smiled lovingly down at him, "I told you I wouldn't let anything or anyone come between us. That includes all those chavs, suicide blondes and jocks that will be at the party tonight, all right?" He kissed the other boy softly on the lips, doing his best to reassure him.
"Oh...God, yes," John moaned out, head lolling back to give Sherlock all his skin. "You're very bad, Sherlock. And I have thoroughly enjoyed all of the blowing you do." He took Sherlock's arse in both hands, giving it a firm squeeze.
John followed Sherlock eagerly upstairs and let out a soft pleased sound as he was pinned back. He kissed him back, humming at the attention to his backside. Without opening his eyes, he tilted his head and buried his fingers in Sherlock's curls on the back of his head. "Why don't you do something about it?" he said, slowly grinding his hips forward.
John wanted to stay with Sherlock, but he really didn't have an excuse to stay out of school himself. "I'll come back straight after school." He kissed Sherlock on the cheek as he heard the phone click. "Hello? Da?"
John shook his head, kissing the side of Sherlock's face repeatedly. "Don't you dare...don't you apologise, Sherlock Holmes," he choked out. "This is not your fault. No one blames you, especially not me." He couldn't stress enough how wrong Sherlock was to feel that he needed to apologise for
John sat up and stretched, swinging his legs over the edge of the bed. "Thanks," he said, scooping up the clothes. His stomach rumbled at the mention of breakfast and he licked his lips. "French toast sounds fabulous. I hope you don't mind if I take a shower myself." He kissed Sherlock on the cheek, taking the clothes to go find the bathroom.
Once they’re back on the grass, Sherlock’s knees are trembling a bit.
He takes the lift down to the lobby.
Everything is fine on the surface, and he wants to keep it that way, too, being close. But underneath he can already feel the frustration brewing. Which is why he gives in, and goes on a date.
There’s a small pause. John has some cake, too, feeling great, but there’s a bit of... he’s not sure. It’s
John smiles, and starts touching himself. “Yeah?”
Sherlock is nauseous. He can feel some emotion stuck in his throat that refuses to dissipate. He failed John. Messed it all up. He should have known that he would.
Still, when Sherlock invites him over for their small party again, Mycroft says yes. Violet will enjoy it. And as he remembers from last year, it was not entirely horrible.
behind it, “It worked, didn’t it?”
With Mary, it was Sherlock who figured out that she was pregnant. At the wedding. John hates the memory of that moment now. The dance after. That frantic push of
It will scar.
If John were here tonight, would they be feeding William together?
Looking around the room, John can see flashes of tattoos everywhere.
John can smell Sherlock this close. Sour sweat, sex, the musk of his body, the scent of cigarettes in his hair, a hint of disinfectant around his hands. John breathes him in selfishly. One breath. One more.
John looks at the bedroom door. “She might not sleep through being moved.”
John moves back up the bed after, wiping his lips, and smiles.
“Hm.” Sherlock peers into his microscope while simultaneously writing something down under the column ‘Day three.’
“You were
Sherlock watches them. John is clearly pleased with his flash challenge win and his newfound influence to dictate the challenge. It is useful to have John arguing in his favour, of course. Challenges like these can be manipulated very easily, and one difficult tattoo can be the end of a contestant.
It plays between them that night. John’s smiles are a little flirty, and John’s eyes linger on his, even when Sherlock knows that he’s not meant to see.
John looks back with a soft smile. “Sherlock…” He seems thrilled. Sherlock lowers his arms. John can go now.
Sherlock is so good at the disappearing act it’s like he was never here at all.
His leg aches, but it was worth it.
He knows the feeling.
Yes. Even though he feels despicable and entirely undesirable, Mycroft turns over. John helps him put a pillow under his chest, and while that is not exactly graceful, there is a limit to how long Mycroft can lie like this otherwise, and John knows it. Mycroft lies down on his stomach, presses his face in the pillows, and opens his legs. He spreads his arse cheeks with a shudder that feels entirely impossible.
Mycroft feels utterly taken aback when he recognises
Sherlock moves up from the sofa. “I don’t need a
Mycroft protests, “It
But John is Sherlock’s.
“What, you mean you approve? She did cut his cock off, that’s more than a bit not sane, isn’t it?”
“Yeah, still do.” John knows a pneumatic one can go in the autoclave in one piece so it’s much more user-friendly, but this is how he learned. It’s how it’s meant to be done.
And then he met Sherlock and within the day his leg stopped hurting and his life changed. But that doesn’t help any of these people, does it?
John notes, “Good day, today.”
And Mycroft has found peace with that idea. It is in part why he wanted to offer Sherlock and John parental rights, so that they can define their roles to one another now, safely, and then lean on them later if needed. John, Sherlock and himself co-parenting the children will inherently be a much stronger relationship than any romantic or sexual affair could ever be. It is the paperwork that will bind them together, that will reinforce their bonds whether they are biological or otherwise.
After, John eats lunch behind his desk. The bandage is in his bin. He can still see the pattern of the blood on it.
Mike commences the judging, “Molly, let’s take a look at what you did.”
It’s been three months since the competition. Three months in which John hasn’t tattooed anything vaguely exciting. Three months since John saw
Sherlock slowly smiles. “He’s mine now. It’s worth everything.”
He’s not kidding, he’s
Sherlock says, “Perhaps you should go speak to him.”
John knows it comes from worry. Maybe it’s the pregnancy hormones, or this is Mycroft knowing that Sherlock isn’t fine, or guilt for missing it the first time, for locking him up in solitary and allowing him to obsess about Moriarty - John’s not sure. All he knows is that Mycroft calls about once a week, always asking the same thing. “How is he?”
Mycroft turns his full attention on to him. John doesn’t know what to say exactly, so he just leads with, “I’m sorry.”
Sherlock sees, maybe, because he sits up, leans in towards him, and presses his lips... to his cheek. It feels pretty chaste.
John already doesn’t have any dignity left, so what the hell, he says, “If you don’t want me, that’s fine. But just….” John looks at him. “I do. I want this.” John breathes. “I do.”
John does listen to them, and he can hear bits about caring and sickness and health and all that, but what he can
It’s raining dully. Sherlock’s waiting for him by the awning.
Mycroft gets the cake, and takes it back to the kitchen. It is huge, who did that woman think she was feeding? Still, to be polite he cuts a small piece for himself, one for John, puts them on plates, and prepares the tea. He walks back to the library, holding it all on a tray, and then pauses in the doorway.
As Sherlock bites down, it feels as though the bond is strengthened between himself and Sherlock, but his own self-awareness deepens as well. He can sense the baby, and the pressure of Violet’s hard head against his sternum, as well as Sherlock’s care in doing this.
Really? John’s never met a bloke who likes being sucked with one on. Plus, Sherlock just did him without one.
John knows that this is Sherlock trying to be supportive and all that, but it kind of rubs salt into the wound, doesn’t it? Sherlock doesn’t want to have sex with him
There’s a crib next to Mycroft’s bed. Also a row of half-empty bottles on and around his bedside table, a used nappy next to a changing table, a tube of rash cream, two half-finished cups of tea, a book, and his reading glasses peeking from the unmade bed. For Mycroft, it’s an unmentionable mess.
Plus, it all sort of slots together, now. When John’s at Mycroft’s, Sherlock either takes Violet or he goes out on his own, so Sherlock gets to play the lone detective again every once in a while.
“Yes. Or for a couple of months, anyway.” John eyes Sherlock. Is it really that odd? He thought Sherlock would agree immediately - the two of them here for the baby, isn’t that what he wants? “That okay with you?”
“Good n…”
And then Mycroft came up, with John leaning on him and smiling widely, as if it was all a lot of fun. “Sheeeeerlock!”
“It was an exemplary rendering of the
And then, Sherlock tightens his hand. The soldier bites his lip and stifles a moan while Sherlock brushes his glans, rubs his shaft, and pulls his balls, all into a grand crescendo. The soldier takes a shaky breath and ejaculates, hot over Sherlock’s hands. It feels like a release for Sherlock, too. He feels as if he is drifting along on the waves of the soldier’s orgasm.
When they get there, Molly has the note ready for him in a plastic evidence bag.
Mycroft is not entirely confident in that.
Mycroft hitting on him? They’ve always done some low-level teasing, but that was different.
John swallows the knot in his throat away. “I… yeah. I’m just…”
Mycroft answers dryly, “Next month.”
“Rehab, you?” John’s eyes focus on him.
“Even if it is more about the fish than the pin-up?” Jim comments as if he’s joking at Sherlock’s expense.
Sherlock intends to follow, but first he tells Mycroft, “Don’t leave.” Sherlock glances at him. “Please.”
Sherlock’s smile grows until it’s wide and perfect. “It worked!”
Mycroft can see his own reactions to John in her careful, thought out approach.
On a Sunday where Sherlock’s deep into his mind palace about an old abduction case, John texts Mycroft and asks, “Any chance you and Violet want to go for a walk in the park? It’s sunny out. JW”
“It’s a challenge, isn’t it?” Mike’s eyes seem kind.
Then it’s on to the morgue. It’s nice to see Molly again, it’s been months since John’s been by. Sherlock happily breezes past her to the corpse, and John shares a laugh with her. Some things never change.
- it’s hardly going to be boring, is it?
while he hurries down the stairs as if John might disappear into thin air, and if John didn’t know it before, he knows it now.
Sherlock lies close to him in bed, at night.
“And we have one more surprise.” Mike raises his voice to be heard. “We have brought your families!”
“You’re gonna throw up?”
Eventually, John can’t stand the pressure in his bladder any longer. He sits up. “Sorry. Got to.”
John says, “Wait, I know.” He pulls out of him, and the loss is entirely gripping. Mycroft can feel himself contract around nothing. It distracts him enough that he does not immediately realise what John is looking for in the side table until he returns holding the dildo. “This okay?”
Sherlock had warned him about his brother, but John wasn't too worried. He turned with a smile to the elder Holmes and looked up at him. "Yes. Yes, I am."
Sherlock whimpered and hissed in pleasure as he felt John's teeth sink into him. "Oh...
John shrugged. "No, I don't. So I guess you just can't go to school then." He gave Sherlock a cheeky smile and pushed him down towards the bed. "And I can't possibly go to school by myself, so I guess we're both stuck here."
Sherlock groaned and threw his head back on the pillow, "for the millionth time, don't
Sherlock chuckled and rested his cheek on top of John's head, almost falling asleep on the ride to school. When they arrived, Sherlock kissed John on the top of the head and kept their hands linked as they exited the car.
"Well, of course... If I'm not alive I don't get to do this..." Sherlock grabbed John's arse and grinned. "Or this..." He flipped them over and straddled the other boy's hips. "And
to ever find anyone." He spoke with a bitter tone in his voice, swallowing down tears and feeling his heart clench. He'd been called many things by his peers: freak, faggot, arsehole... none of them even remotely as positive as what John just said. He smiled gratefully down at him, "thank you for thinking so, though," he said softly.
John was crying too now, and he just kept staring at Sherlock, wishing so badly that he could be up there with him. He completely understood now why Sherlock never wanted to talk about it. It was more horrible than he could have imagined. And he had never before felt so vehemently like he wanted to throttle someone. If he could do it, if he could kill Sebastian Moran and get away with it, he would have in that moment.
John bit his lip, a deep groan threatening to escape him. He panted through his nose, not even daring to open his eyes for fear that everyone around them was looking at him and able to see exactly what was going on. But he wouldn't make Sherlock stop, not at this point.
John enjoyed the film, and by the end wanted to turn to Sherlock and start talking about it. But then he saw that his fiance was asleep and he smiled softly. Giving him a kiss on the temple, John scooped the other boy up and carried him back towards his room.
"Come on, you have to help me a little, I can't carry you," John laughed lightly and stretched out his hand to his boyfriend. Sherlock tried to ignore his headache and grasped the blonde boy's hand to let John help him up.
John put the flowers next to Sherlock's prizes and hugged the boy so tightly it was almost difficult to breathe, then quickly picked him up like he weighted nothing and spun him around. Sherlock was laughing through the whole thing and wrapped his arms around John's neck.
John led him right on the field and started talking to the coach about him sitting there. Sherlock thought it would be a problem after all and started leaving, but the coach just called out to him, smiling. "It's cute, isn't he like your own cheerleader?" she laughed warmly and both boys instanly blushed.
"The hell is wrong? It's one-" "Sherlock went into the woods," Robert cut his friend off and left him with a shocked expression. "Why exactly is Sherlock in the woods?" his voice got really quiet. The boys couldn't remember when was the last time they've seen John this scary. Robert nervously stepped further away from his rugby captain and John's gaze moved to him. The blonde boy was shorter than his friend, but definitely scarier. His team really respected him.
He finally got to sit with John at dinner. "This time you'll eat," reminded him the blonde boy strictly and Sherlock rolled his eyes. How did he remember that?  But he listened to him, since he was hungry after that long game anyway. They finally talked, because his boyfriend told the others to sit somewhere else. They looked kind of offended but listened to him.
The curly-haired boy almost gave up after ten minutes and wanted to leave, but suddenly the door opened and John appeared in them. Sherlock couldn't express how much relieve he felt at that time. "Come on, Sherlock. It's almost time," told him John with a nervous smile, took his hand and his friend silently followed him inside.
"So, boys," their therapist put his hands together and looked at them with a curious expression. "What's new?" John gave him a bittersweet smirk and Sherlock looked towards his friend. The therapist looked them both over and his eyebrow shooted up, as he noticed their positions, far away from eachother.
They had lunch after that, Sherlock sat with John of course. Sadly, a lot of kids also wanted to sit with him, so the table became really loud with all their talking. In the end, Sherlock just quietly took his food, returned it and tried to ignore his boyfriend's worried look.
The jury was talking to him, but he didn't listen. Didn't care. His whole body was now shaking and Sherlock was prepared to run out of there. But before he could do that, the door opened up with a loud thud, making everyone flinch and turn around. Sherlock looked up and his eyes watered, as he watched a blue-eyed blonde boy with a huge bouquet of flowers walk towards his seat.
,,Oh no. You will beg me to punish you more. Don't you worry about that, sweetie," and with those words he took the dark-haired man's hand and they walked out of the tunnel together. Sherlock didn't even fight back, he just stared at the man, that was holding his hand and wondered about him being real. Isn't he hallucinating, didn't he slid a needle in his arm without him knowing? No, this was real. And it was his own fault.
When his friend put him on the ground again, keeping their foreheads together and smiling at him with the happiest smile Sherlock ever saw.
Who knew someone could be a worse pacient than Sherlock?
,,Hands up!" the detective raised his voice and waited for the man to do something. He didn't move a muscle. Instead, he heard a loud laugh and Sherlock freezed. He knew that laugh too well. The man in front of him threw his flashlight against the wall and the whole tunnel lighted up thanks to that. Shocked Sherlock was standing face to face with his best friend. John Watson was standing there with bloody knife and a pile of bodies. John Watson was now looking at him with pure amusement and delight. It was like he just achieved something.
Mycroft smiles at him, looking just on the edge of nervous. “Good evening, John.”
Mycroft hesitates, then says, “Sherlock, pregnancy is hard on the body. It takes a toll on my work and perhaps my manner, but I assure you, I am not
,,My dearest detective, is it really so hard for you to figure it out? I thought you were the smarter one," John jokingly tilted his head. When Sherlock stayed silent and didn't say anything, with a amused grin he continued. ,,Those three years without you were unbearable. You broke my heart, you know that? You took it in your hand and smashed it to little pieces, those pieces you then threw into the sea. Every day could be my last. I wanted it to be my last but, how good could death be? You, Sherlock, were alive the whole time. I just knew it. Did you see that little message on your grave? I should've told you myself," John breathed out and suddenly began shouting, making Sherlock flinch.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. ,,Come on, it's dark out already," the boy pointed at the window. A minute later the duo was already standing outside, surrounded by children and teenagers in costumes.
John was now watching him with an angry expression. "Oh, it's  my fault? It's my fault that I want to talk to my friends about something that really hurt me? Could I talk about it with you? I don't think so!" he threw up his hands and then crossed them over  his chest after that.
Sherlock smiled at that. "Like you'd allowed that to happen," he mumbled and his boyfriend laughed again. "True. I wouldn't. Anyways, let's talk about something, come on. You look miserable." Sherlock rolled his eyes. "I am miserable," he corrected the blonde boy but admitted that there was nothing else to do anyways and he was on the verge of death from boredom.
"Just stay quiet, lie down and sleep," he ordered his ill friend and finally proceed to leave, after John fixed him  with a glare, but lied down and finally closed his eyes.
Sherlock Holmes was imapatiently walking around his new apartment. That crazy serial killer wasn't caught yet. He would normally go there in an instant, but it was close to their old flat and he didn't want to accidently run into John. He was getting sick of it though and was also acquainted with the fact, that the killer was a serious threat to John. If he got to know about his murder one day, he would never forgive himself in a lifetime. He then returned to London and began to search for the killer on his own note.
John's friends mostly ignored Sherlock, walking by to get lunch or something after the practise ended. It was probably because John was right next to him, saying bye to all of them.
"Exactly, Mr. Watson. Your shouting isn't going to help Mr. Holmes either though," she said and seem satisified with John immediately calming down and looking towards the woods. "So, now, you other children please go back to your tents. Me, Mr. Walker, Mrs. Roberts and these three boys here are going to search for Mr. Holmes."
"Sherlock," he covered the dark-haired boy's hand with his. "You know, I wanted to skip tomorrow's tournament," he said quietly and Sherlock looked up, surprised.
"How was the check up with Mrs. Hudson?" he asked John and his friend laughed.
The dark-haired boy gave out a happy sigh and tried focusing on the boring game again, watching John, mostly.
Then, taking everyone by surprise, he picked Sherlock up, spun him around and kissed his lips. Sherlock thought he was dreaming, slowly trying to kiss back, gripping at John's short hair at the back of his neck. Sherlock thought the cheering went on louder, but maybe it was just his imagination.
"Dude, that was way too much even for a joke," said the brown-haired boy to his friend. Robert sighed and nodded. "Sorry, I just got so annoyed with that guy." "Yeah, he's a freak but you told him that he should've died and now he went into the woods at one in the morning. Are you an idiot? He's like this super thin and weak dude, what if something happens to him?" They were both getting seriously nervous now.
"Thanks, Sherlock," that was the first time he called him by his name and then he just quickly rubbed his hair, then put his hand down. "Sorry, I wanted to do that for a long time," he laughed at Sherlock's annoyed face. The dark-haired boy rolled his eyes. "Yes, don't do that again."
"You're Sherlock, aren't you? I'm John," said the blonde boy and Sherlock's eybrow shot up in surprise. "I know who you are. Did you come to punch me in the face?" he asked John in a exhausted way and the other boy frowned. "Of course not. What do you mean? I need you to help me with my homework. Come with me."
"We were really unsure about the first place for a long time, but it was shortly decided after one performance. We'll say just first three places, give prizes and then it'll be over," he sat back down and one of the women started reading the names. Sherlock wasn't listening. He definitely wasn't on the podium so why would he bother?
In the afternoon, they worked with their assigned groups. It was a strength test and Sherlock felt that kind of malicious happiness when he saw that  John's group wasn't doing well. "Holmes, if you mess this up, you're sleeping outside," stated Tony and Sherlock rolled his eyes. As if he wanted to sleep.
Both the contestants and the audience started clapping loudly, some people stood up and whistled, he could clearly hear John's voice, but he wasn't listening to the words much, because of the uttle shock he felt.
The gathered students wanted to complain, but Mr. Walker shot them a strict and worned down look, so they immediately started leaving. "Why me, I want to sleep," sighed Mrs. Roberts and rubbed her eyes. "Because you're a teacher too, Charlotte," reminded Mrs. Turner her collegue and friend, whom sighed again but quickly also started walking towards John, whom already ran towards the woods to search for his boyfriend.
Suprisingly, Sherlock thought the exact opposite.
"John, don't make sudden decisions, this guy is just stupid, it's not his fault." All three boys looked at him, John was suprised, Robert looked a little offended and Tony curious. "Plus, I'd say it's mostly your fault for telling people everything, you are so sociable that it's bad," Sherlock stopped and looked in his boyfriend's face.
"They're not lies, John. You might think you don't have those problems, but I clearly see them. Why did you buy so much alcohol yesterday? Wait, who even bought it for you, you can't even drink yet," Sherlock's voice was cold and firm. Sherlock was honestly worried for John, because his friends always talked him in one of their drinking parties and the whole thing was so stupid itself and plus, John did drink a lot and the next morning he was already out running.
The moment he saw the curly-haired boy, every feeling of helplessness and sadness was over. He didn't say anything, just drop down on his knees in front of him and pulled the boy into a tight embrace, burying his face in Sherlock's shoulder.
Sherlock tried with all the strength he had just to shock his group, but experimenting and reading didn't help him in physical abilities whatsoever. In the end, he did end up messing it up, but then noticed John talking to Robert and Tony. They nervously laughed and said something which he didn't hear since he was too far away. He jumped down from the horizontal bar, ignored the teacher and walked up to the trio.
He thought about coming back to John, but then he admitted that he would rather not come back at all. John was definitely better without him and he could even put the man in much more danger then he was in before. Sherlock wouldn't be able to bear that. He didn't wanted to see his only true friend hurt again, it was a sickening feeling. He then decided, that after he recovers from his bruises, which he has from the torture, and solves everything that he needs in London, he will leave the city even with Mycroft's annoying convincing.
The contestants didn't look very friendly, which was to be expected and he didn't want to talk to them in the first place. But, when he got to watch the first girl on stage, his jaw almost dropped. How could he compare to her?
John's peaceful sleep was interrupted by a loud noise coming from the kitchen. He gave out a tired sound and stretched out his hand to search for Sherlock next to him. Of course, he was nowhere to be found. That woke him up completely, the blonde boy quickly sat up on the bed, looking around and trying to get used to the darkness.
And that was the end of that conversation.
,,For God's sake, you should've known from me, Sherlock! I wanted to tell you over and over once you come back! But not you, you just left for three years! Three damn years I live in that damn apartment on my own!" the shorter man finally calmed down, when he saw the deep regret in Sherlock's eyes. ,,You look like you're sorry. And you will be even more sorry, don't you worry. You came to me so easily, I knew I'd get you to come back. You think I regret what I did? Not a bit. You are here thanks to those idiots," he pointed at the bodies and then stabbed Sherlock with the back of the knife, which made him gasp in surprise. ,,Now, my dearest Sherlock, we'll go back to our flat and there we will talk about this. I will explain how big your mistake was. You will beg for mercy-" John then stopped talking and grinned in mischief. He reached out his hand and wrapped one of Sherlock's curls around his finger.
,,God, I was so scared, Sherlock...what I said to you, I can't forgive myself. I had to..." John hid his face in his hands. ,,I just had to stay away from you. I'm so sorry, Sherlock...I really am," he looked up and sadly looked into his friend's eyes. Sherlock shook his head and tried to say something, but John interrupted him again.
As he thought that, someone suddenly came into the room with a loud thud. It was Mrs. Hudson and John was never happier to see that woman.
,,Show me your wrists," he said softly and extended his arms. Sherlock flinched a little and stepped away, shooking his head. His face turned bright red. ,,Please. I won't get angry, I promise," John gave him a sad smile and Sherlock slowly came up to him and extended his arms.
They didn't even notice when the teachers and boys came to have a look. "Would I be better dead?" asked Sherlock quietly and John just pulled him in tighter. "No. No. Don't ever say that again. Don't you ever think that, Sherlock Holmes." The blonde boy took Sherlock's face and put both his hands on the boy's cheeks. "I love you, do you understand? You complete idiot. I love you so much. I thought I was going to die when we couldn't find you," he said and rubbed his eyes when he felt them watering again. "I love you too," mumbled his boyfriend and John smiled, let go of his face and pulled him into an embrace again. Then he noticed his feet. "God, you're gonna catch a cold," he laughed and shook his head.
"What happened?" he asked Robert calmly. The boy gave out a sigh and bowed his head down. Then he silently said what he told Sherlock. The silence felt like ages. "The hell did you-!" in the next second John was trying to get to him and hit him, but thankfully Tony stopped him and was trying to hold him in place.
Almost everyone at school was excited for the tournament, even the teachers would talk about it for at least five minutes before teaching. It kind of got annoying, but John looked pleased with all the attention he got, even though he got a lot of it even before. Sherlock tried ignoring all of them and read one of his thriller books.
, thought Sherlock. Typical.
"What?" the dark-haired boy exhaled with annoyance in his voice. "This is a Dracula thing, isn't it?" he asked his friend with a frown.
Most of the time, Sherlock instead of practising just watched if John was going to show up, but the seat next to Mrs. Hudson was still empty. It was empty even when the last girl before him left the stage and it was his turn to show what he had. Now he just knew he was going to lose this. Maybe he will even get last place.
,,Alright," mumbled the dark-haired boy and after that managed to finish his tea in one sip. The rest of their breakfast was quiet.
Something felt wrong. It was as if the murderer lured him to himself, it was just weird. Sherlock already had him the second day that he serached for him. He was smart, didn't leave a single trace after himself, that would  get him to his identity. The only thing he knew about him was that he was a man. Now the detective was standing in a dark tunnel and began to notice that this must've been the end of his investigation. He smelled the blood and heard its sound, the sound of it dripping from a simple kitchen knife. It was almost unbelievable how careful this murderer was.
Disbelief, insecurity, self-hatred, fear.
And that's it. Hopefully you like the ending, I'm personally quite satisfied with it. This fic was supposed to be just for my own fun, but it turned out to be a good idea, so I published it here.
"God, you were so beautiful," whispered the blonde boy, still holding Sherlock close, their foreheads almost touching. The dark-haired boy bowed his head down. "I'm so sorry, I'm sorry for melting your trophy," he didn't want to look at John while saying that, but his boyfriend took his chin and Sherlock saw him smiling.
,,I love you," John whispered in his ear and Sherlock shivered. A single tear streamed down his cheek.
After that, they didn't matter anymore, because John turned to him and smiled.
"Oh, John, you're awake. Look how awesome this looks!" Sherlock pointed to the golden melted mess on the kitchen counter. The only thing left was John's name and 1st place written on it. "Sherlock, what is that? That is not real, is it?" asked the blonde boy, trying to remain calm, but visibly shaking with anger.
The brown-haired boy looked up from his phone and sighed. Why does he feel a bit sad? It's not like John Watson knew him or he knew him. And they're complete opposites. Sherlock kicked off his ballet shoes, shoved them into their bag and got up from the seat he was sitting at. He almost left the building, but someone tapped his shoulder and he stopped.
The army doctor was a smart murderer. The police and detectives from the whole state were investigating his case, they never succeeded of course. A lot of private detectvies were called and for John's dissapointment, Sherlock still didn't come. Oh he will come. In a little while, he will be lured to my little trap like a fly on a spider's web. Just you wait, sweetheart. You will never run again from me again. Oh you won't be able to run, don't you worry, Sherlock.
After that, he took off and left the room to search for that idiot.
In the end, they did talk for a longer while than they both expected. When they finally arrived at the destination, Sherlock's mood was slightly better. Both the boys and their classmates got out of the bus and there they stood with a surprised look on their faces.
"Starving."
Everyone's gaze was on them, Sherlock tried to ignore it, but it was unbearable. He frowned, squeezed John's hand and lowered his gaze to the floor, as if something really interesting suddenly appeared down there.
And then John did the one thing he shouldn't have. He walked away.
"Lunch?"
Sherlock frowned and stepped into the tunnel. He didn't have anything to lose anymore. If this man kills him right here right now, he will at least know who's behind all these murders. He grabbed the gun from his coat pocket and pointed it directly at the man's back. Sherlock finally spoke.
More so because there was a three-day school trip next week.
Sherlock danced on the stage where the competition was going to take place in only three days. He was so nervous and most of the time he was silently reproaching John the decision to sign him up. Though, John also won the rugby thing, so even he could...no, his boyfriend was way better at the game than he was at dancing.
Once he could see at least a little, he got up and almost ran to the kitchen, quickly putting on at least underwear on the way there. The light was on, so he covered his eyes first and proceed to continue by intuition. He grabbed Sherlock's sleeve, then finally put his arm down from his face.
Sherlock Holmes. THE Sherlock Holmes who does ballet, corrects his grammar and is a damn genius was lying on the floor, his chest was barely raising and there was a needle in his arm. Oh God, what will he do? What if he dies because he wasn't able to help him sooner?
All the attention moved over to Robert and he started looking even more apologetic. "I'm really sorry, okay? I didn't want to say that, I really didn't...I'm sorry!" he threw up his hands and John wanted to run at him again, but this time Mrs. Turner grabbed his collar. "You're gonna be sorry if anything happens to him, your sorry isn't helping, arsehole!" he shouted again and this time Mrs. Turner smacked his head.
He wanted to get up but Sherlock grabbed his hand. ,,No," the boy said with a desperate expression. ,,Please, stay John. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Please don't leave me." Tears started to fall down his cheeks and that almost drove John to tears as well. He sat back down and squeezed Sherlock's hand.
"You know that is not true, John. I deeply care about you, but that trophy was a thing and I was trying to see-" "I don't care what you were trying to see!" sneered his boyfriend, shaking his head in disbelief. "Mr. Denver, please make him at least apologize, or I'll probably kill him soon."
"Remember, Sherlock, if something-anything happens, don't hestitate to call me or Mrs. Hudson and we'll figure  it out, alright?" John watched the taller boy get dressed for school from their sofa. His face was red, there were five cups of hot tea (suprisingly) made by Sherlock and his voice was raspy and tired.
"Why are you here, John? Your team is up," he approached his boyfriend casually. John turned around, smiled and shrugged his shoulders. "They'll manage. I was just asking Rob and Tony here how you three are doing." ,,We're fine," answered Sherlock curtly and the other two boys shot him a suprised look. They probably expected him to complain. Who do they think he is?
"Come on," John awkwardly patted his shoulder, as if he didn't kiss him in front of the whole field the other day. ,,It'll be ok. At least you can get along with them better." Sherlock looked at him with sarcastic amazement. "Oh, you think, John? Sounds incredible!" Then he scowled and grunted: "As if!"
After this, the past military doctor realized, that his actions didn't make any sense. It was stupid to take his own life, when that damn coward ran around somewhere, more alive than ever. He began constructing his marvelous plan on how to lure Sherlock like a wild animal. He has to break him someday. John nocited his friends slowly drifting away from him. Mrs. Hudson didn't come to their flat anymore and he gave her the rent under the door every month. He got something from Sherlock's big brother, so he had a fair amount of money and he didn't care for a job thanks to that.
"Oh, the drug addict now tells me I have a problem? Look in the mirror, Sherlock. You're not even getting better, you look like you're dying!" John threw his arms and Sherlock frowned and looked around. "Would you please stop shouting? Not everyone needs to know about two problematic sixteen year olds, do they?" his voice was now almost a whisper and his friend choked out a humorless laugh.
John was calling Sherlock and hanging up like ten times, they were all running around like idiots, joined by the teachers now, but they still had no luck. And in the worst timing possible, John's phone blacked out. He almosted smashed it against a tree, then quickly decided not to and put it in his pocket. He gave out and exasperated sigh and slided down the tree, lowering his head in defeat. He almost wished for Sherlock to show up and tell him this was just another one of his experiments. Robert and Tony and the teachers were watching him in silence.
They knew he would be hard to find, but neither of them remembered any time they'd been more worried. John felt it way more than the others, of course. He was paired up with Tony and Robert, whom he tried to ignore and called out after Sherlock. He became very desperate after an hour, as well as the other boys.
"Yes," laughed the  blonde boy after a few seconds. "It's just that...I've never seen you with straight hair. It's kind of weird to see," he explained with a happy smile written across his face.
"That was supposed to be my line."
,,You are now mine, do you understand, Sherlock?" he asked the curly-haired man with a serious stare. ,,No one can touch you. You will lay in this bedroom and you will wait for my return every evening, like a good boy. Are you my good boy?" Sherlock just silently nodded his head.
(See the end of the chapter for
John slowly helped the weakened boy up the stairs and right in his bed. He brought some cold towel and gently covered Sherlock's forehead. "I'll make you some tea, ok?" The sick boy didn't even answer him, he was already asleep.
For whole months, he was leaving Sherlock's room only to stare at the kitchen knife, or the gun on the shelf. Sometimes he stared on a rope he found somewhere in the apartment. He even climbed the stairs to the damn building, where he has seen the detective for the last time and just sat on the edge, watching the sky above him. How did Sherlock feel, when he stood here? Was he feeling sorry? Did he know what it'd do to John?
"Just want to let you guys know who I love," Sherlock thought his smile looked a bit strained after that. He was confused, but then John came up to him and pulled the hoodie over him. The curly-haired boy thought it'd be his death. His face was burning so much he thought it was visible for everyone.
They announced the third and second place, it wasn't him of course. He would lie if he said he wasn't dissapointed, but it was expected. Then, the jury said: "And the first place - truly a beautiful performance and by a young man, it was a very sweet surprise - Sherlock Holmes!"
"Why are you still angry over that? You promised you would come, I even made a seat for you in the first row," he was practically begging at this point, because he was terrified and didn't want to admit it, but John'd have none of it. "It'll be recorded, won't it? I'll watch it after you apologize," said the boy flatly. "I don't want to apologize!" Sherlock was shouting now and John rolled his eyes. "Then go, you have twenty minutes," he pointed towards the door.
The third year should've been better. It wasn't. Mrs. Hudson noticed that John is still a mess and even with him rapidly refusing, she signed him up to a psychologist. He locked in the bedroom that day and didn't come out for a long time. It wasn't his bedroom, it was Sherlock's. He lied on his bed, his head buried in the perfect man's pillow. It still smelled like him. He cried for a long time, unable to do anything happy in his terrible current life.
After the third one, he had almost lost any hope he had left. He can never win this and now it was his turn and he felt like his heart was going to burst. He was always confident in this, deducing, and his mind in general, but now he lost every bit of confidence he had. The contestants were mostly all girls, looking at him with judging expressions, as if expecting him to run away. Honestly, that was  what he wanted to do, but then he thought of his promise to John and to Tony, who was definitely also in audience. Maybe they could be friends. He never actually had any friends.
John now had his arms crossed on his chest. "I don't think it's safe for you to live alone, Sherlock. What's up with your hobbies and is that really a laboratory in the kitchen?" he looked behind him in sarcastic amazement. "What are you, my mother?!" spat Sherlock and the shorter boy faced him again.
"Holmes, come hold this for me!" called out Robert and Sherlock frowned. "Why?" he asked the boy reluctantly. Robert rolled his eyes walked over to Sherlock and shoved the stake into Sherlock's hands. "Don't be a fucking burden to us, you understand, freak?" he whispered closely and Sherlock sighed and slowly nodded. What did he do to deserve this? Is it because of the bag?
Their first task was to build a tent with their assigned group. Sherlock watched the two idiots from afar, not really willing to get involved. John and his team were done in mere minutes, because the blonde boy was a scout as a child. The two boys were now looking at him with almost amazement. Looks like getting along won't be a problem with him. As always. Because he's likeable.
"Fun's over, lovebirds." Mrs. Turner's voice startled them so much that they fell over the bench and ended up on the ground, with their t-shirts still pulled up. The teacher laughed softly and went to put out the fire. "Come on, boys, you'll get cold," she hurried them and they got up after a short while with annoyed faces. "And don't look at me like that, it's late. Do this in private," she crossed her hands on her chest and shook her head with a chuckle. John sighed. "Good night, Mrs. Turner," he quickly kissed Sherlock's cheek and hurried into his tent. The teacher watched the curly-haired boy with pure interest and some questions on her mind, so he quickly also said good night to her and almost ran away.
Slowly John's mind started to lack other thoughts, that weren't about his murders and his obsession with Sherlock Holmes, which was getting bigger everytime. He didn't count his kills anymore. He was getting angry. Where is that little prick? If he doesn't show up soon, I will look for him myself. He doesn't know how bad it'd get for him.
When Sherlock finally walked out the door, John almost didn't recognize him. He just stared him in silence.
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
He didn't see Molly, Greg or those two idiots Donovan and Anderson for a long time. He didn't care. The only person he truly needed was Sherlock. He finally knew what he has to do. What could be more effective to lure that curious detective, whom he was still blindly in love with. John Watson wasn't stupid. Some poeple could even think he was just a bit less smart than Sherlock Holmes himself. Even though he didn't know the science of deduction and was always the heart from the two of them, he was intelligent. Also the deep desire of seeing those beautiful blue and green eyes, sharp cheekbones and curly dark hair, the desire of hearing his barytone voice again, propeled his mind forward.
"I'm home," called the curly-haired boy from the door and went to search for his best friend. John was still sitting on the sofa with a cup of tea in his hands, but he was fully dressed now. He smiled at Sherlock and greeted him. The taller boy put away his bag and sat next to John.
He was right. If he wasted another minute of trying to convince his boyfriend, he'd arrive late. Sherlock sighed and finally forced himself to exit the room and quickly run from the door. Even Mrs. Hudson was standing outside, prepared.
If John doesn't come, does he still even love Sherlock?
John was happier than Sherlock himself, when the doctor finally told him he can go to school again.  His boyfriend truly could win an award for being the worst patient ever.
,,It's alright, Sherlock. I'm here. I'm never leaving you alone, I promise."
In the end, John ended up being in the picture too, holding the trophy along with Sherlock, because that was the curly-haired boy's wish.
They went to the doctor's and Sherlock stayed sick for another five days. Most of the time, John tried to play games with him when he wasn't at school. At school, he was constantly worried, even though Mrs. Hudson was with Sherlock most of the time. That of course didn't stop Sherlock from constantly messaging him.
Mr. Roberts told Sherlock to sit between Robert and Tony so they wouldn't chat together, to which John opossed to, so the teacher let him sit in front of the curly-haired boy. Still, both John and Sherlock let their angry gazes glued to the table.
"Got everything packed, love?" called John after Sherlock, who was currently in his room, finishing an experiment that turned into an all-nighter instead of a two-hour thing. Packed?! Damn it, he completely forgot. It was too late now. His boyfriend already entered the room, immediately frowning at the taller boy.
After dinner, the teachers told the most capable kids to start a campfire. At eight o' clock, they somehow really sat around it and sang some songs. Sherlock watched John and listened to him sing with pure amazement. Singing was boring, but John wasn't and his voice was beautiful. The blonde boy noticed his gaze and stopped. "Come on, Sherly, try it too. You must know how to sing too, you're talented in music and dancing," he said. ,,I can sing fine but-" ,,Then join us!" John cut him off, took his hand and squeezed it with a silent please.
