Cas!" Dean screams as he goes over again, and then Cas starts fucking him in earnest again. Oh, hell. Oh no! He can't stop cumming. Cas is fucking into him with a savage wildness that is setting Dean's very bones on fire. Pounding his ass just like Dean wanted him to, but now he has no control. He can't stop this. Dean spasming around Cas rhythmically, and it's only several moments later that there's a work-roughened hand grasping at his aching, leaking, slick cock.
He starts spurting cum all over his stomach as Cas starts twitching inside him, moaning through his own release, hand never ceasing on Dean's cock. He sees stars and colors erupt in the blindfold as he spasms in his binds and tries to take notice of the way Cas feels cumming in his ass, marking him up, but his mind is a million miles high. It's all sensation.
He scrubs his calloused palms over his stubbled face in an ineffective effort to ground himself. He takes another deep breath, this one a little more helpful than the last.
Dean held Cas's hand and led him through the main part of the space. Cas was staring all around, seemingly not understanding. "Dean, what is this?"
"Good choice, baby boy." Dean hears a click, and a few moments later, it sounds again. Another moment after that, there's something small and slick pressing at his hole. He moans as it slides past his rim and inside him. He can feel it quickly growing in width as it goes in. Just when he thinks that it's going to slide all the way in, Cas pulls it out, leaving him empty again.
Dean looks up from the man on the floor with a wide grin, there's blood on his teeth and a cut on his cheek. He takes a deep breath and rises up, "Hi! Sorry, they didn't want to let me in. Are you okay?"
Dean nods immediately, not even questioning, and Castiel feels a rush of affection roll through him. Dean is perfect.
He pulls away and Dean is looking at him with wide eyes. "That's not fair." His voice is small enough that Castiel begins to question himself on the wiseness of that teasing. He doesn't want it to have adverse effects on Dean. Shit.
Dean feels stupid. Of course, Cas would say something like that. What the hell does verdant mean? Cas is so much frikken smarter than him. He deserves better than Dean. Dean's dumb. A high school drop-out with daddy issues and a crappy house. He should've just stayed home that day, then he wouldn't be doing this. If he hadn't met Cas, he wouldn't have messed things up. He's not smart. He should've just- "
“Shit. Hold on, hold on, just give me a- a second.” Cas yanks all the blankets away and hauls Dean up on top of him. His strength never ceases to amaze Dean, but just now, it’s almost enough to send him over the edge. He straddles Cas’s hips and their cocks align now. Dean presses himself down against Cas’s length. It’s rock hard and
"Nothing dramatic, at least I assume. Benny's fixing it now. But," Castiel pauses, "I do respect your boundaries. Everyone deserves a modicum of privacy, and we're no different. That's how all my relationships have been." He feels Dean stiffen but continues, "But with you it's different. I want to know everything about you. What you're thinking and feeling and what you dream about. It's an odd feeling for me... It's going to take some effort to curb that, but I will try. I can't promise I'll be perfect, but I will try."
Dean’s up before dawn the next morning, yawning sleepily and brewing coffee with an angry expression. He never did go grocery shopping, so now he’s just got some old ass bologna, that's surprisingly not green, and an empty orange juice container because God forbid his little brother throws away an empty container. Dean cleans out his fridge and then takes the garbage out so it won’t stink to high heaven. Those are his good deeds for the day, and he’s not doing any more cleaning. He’s got some phone calls to make, but he waits until 9 to make sure everyone’s awake.
. Especially with that big grin. Dean knows he's serious about this. This guy seems to be all kinds of interesting, and what just happened against the wall is still making him shiver.
"Sorry about that. I always forget to turn the sound off on this thing. So, gentleman, what're we here for today?"
Dean nods slowly, “Okay, good. Sex. Yes, alright. Um…” A pink blush is creeping up Dean’s cheeks and Castiel doesn't try to suppress his smile, “I’m thinking of our first time here too. It’s alright.”
Castiel raises up on shaky knees and almost whimpers at the loss of Dean’s digits inside him. He feels empty and he hates it.
"Ahh, crap. I need to go get my charger. I left it in the Impala when we came in. This thing is dead." He gestures to his laptop.
Castiel looks over at Sam. "Every man has his limit, Sam, and Dean's jumped past his. He just needs time."
"That's a poetic way to say that you were jealous." Dean looks up at him and grins, and Castiel can't help but smile.
“Untrue,” Castiel smiles, “While I’d like to “pick up where we left off”, there are things we need to work out.”
"Good," Cas purrs, licking a long stripe up over Dean's jaw and along to his ear, where he pulls at the lobe between his teeth. "This is going to be so much fun."
"You think this will tell you what you need to know?" Cain gestures at the papers still in his hands. "You could talk to Dean."
"I know you probably don't want to think about more food right now, but I was wondering if you'd like to have dinner at my house? I make a mean alfredo." Cas says and wipes the corners of his mouth with his napkin.
" It's definitely an order this time, and Dean finds himself obeying without a second thought. He lays down with his head upon the pillow and watches Cas as he gets up on his knees and kneels between Dean's legs with a bottle of lube in hand. Fuck, what did he just get himself into?
The friction was killing him, but it was a divine way to go, in Castiel's opinion. Suddenly the dragging sensation from his neck stopped and a warm wet tongue was sliding across the bite. Castiel winced but bared his neck further to Dean's ministrations, hoping to please. "Mmm." Dean's heated groan slid through Castiel's very being and he felt warmed by it. Melted and sated and nearly boneless. He was only being supported by Dean right now and when he realized that Castiel pushed off the wall he was leaning against and laid his head on Dean's shoulder, taking shaky breaths. Muscled arms slid around Castiel and held him tight against Dean, and that had really been all he wanted.
"Ah, umm, I was wanting to ask about... antidepressants..." Dean winces and shuts his eyes, chewing on the inside of his cheek with his canine slicing through it, not deep enough to draw blood.
He moans when Cas's hand comes down on his bare ass again, and he's so hard that his cock is hurting from being constricted by the blue lace, but he doesn't care. He just keeps rocking forward and back, loving when Cas spanks him hard enough that it stings and makes pre-cum leak from the tip of his cock. He swears he's probably dripping by now.
It's almost a mantra, playing over and over in his head. He falls asleep that way, and if he's sucking his thumb while he's doing it, who's there to notice?
"Well, I didn't. But I also didn't expect you to be so... cool about it. But uh yeah... Umm, I- Shit. Benny pointed you out to me not because you were hot, but because you smell fucking amazing dude. Like seriously." He leaned forward a little and took a deep breath before sighing lightly. "Damn. Anyway, um, I went to talk to you and then the frat boy knocked into me and knocked you down, and I guess I just got pissed. I helped you up and I just got overwhelmed. You just smell so good. I almost lost control and I had to get outta there. I felt bad about being an asshole like that, but it was better that way. Trust me."
After Dean's calmed down some, Cas kisses his forehead and pulls away far enough to look down at him, "Are you alright?"
"Because you're not going back to him. Back to him, or that shitty abusive thing you call a family. That's not family, Cas." The words were rumbled and they resonated within Castiel, but he was becoming angry. Even if he was really good at it, he didn't like taking orders.
He thought about it for a moment and decided to just go for it. He was tired of being scared of life, and hadn't he just been envying these people for their good time? This man promised fun, and life, and danger in his very air, so Castiel decided that he would go with him. If anything happened that he didn't want it to, he could take care of himself. Being a black belt had its advantages, he supposed. Apparently taking his hesitation as a possible rejection, the man leaned closer until his lips were on the shell of his ear. When teeth nipped gently Castiel's breath caught and he had to take a deep breath to even understand what the man had said. "You look like you need it." He definitely wasn't wrong. Maybe this stranger could offer the opportunity Castiel needed to break free of his familial restraints.
. But it seems to have the desired effect on Cas, his eyes narrowing and his stance changing, going from what Dean's calling Caring Cas to Dom Cas. Not that Cas isn't caring when he's in Dom mode, but there's something different about him that Dean loves. Cas crawls over top of him until they're nose to nose. "I love that you said that."
“I’m sorry that I'm like this. I don’t mean to be.” The words are muffled into his shoulder. Castiel can barely make them out over the rush of the water. He manages to untwist it into English, and he responds - “You don’t have to be sorry. I just wish you’d talk to me. Can you tell me what’s going on?”
"You're sweet, Sir." Castiel notices that Dean didn't slip that time and wonders why. Hmm. God, he loves this.
"I'm not sure. It depends on the lawyers mostly. If Dad can get a good one he might not get such a harsh sentence, but I'm pretty sure Cain has some deep pockets. He promised he'd take care of it."
"Christ," He mumbles, looking over at Benny, who's nodding in agreement. The clients are standing behind Benny as Dean inspects the vehicle. Their names are Mr. and Mrs. Zhegorski or something, he thinks that's it, but he's not entirely sure. They're a wealthy-looking couple, and they seem nice enough. The woman is a little too snobby. She looks around the garage and draws her purse closer to her, her upper lip curling in a bit of disgust.
He gasps when Cas runs a hand up his inner thigh. It's a light touch, more firm than the last ones, though. Dean relishes it. He's not prepared for the slick finger prodding at his hole and he jerks, surprised. Cas chuckles lightly and continues running his finger over his pucker, sending whirls of sensation through Dean.
"Yeah, my phone's dead. I'm scared, Cas. If someone broke in, they might still be there. I was in the house. But if it was Dad, that's kind of worse, you know?"
He looks up at her, "Why do we need to do all that? I thought this would kind of be a wham bam situation."
"Oh, Cas. Dammit. Come here." Dean grabbed him by the shoulders and yanked him over to Dean. Cas yelped. Dean wrapped his left arm around Cas and hugged him, his heart crying out for this beautifully broken man. Cas wrapped his left arm hesitantly around Dean's middle. When Cas actually settled into him, breathing in deeply from where his face nestled on Dean's chest, Dean spoke. "You're not trouble, Cas. And don't apologize. Not for that. Not to me. Especially not to me. You don't owe me any kind of explanation. But Cas, I gotta say this. I'm very glad I decided to talk to you tonight." He murmured against Cas's hair.
He called in a friend to work on the Z while he was away so it’d be finished on schedule and nobody would need to bitch about it, but that can’t last forever. He and Sam had been emailing back and forth. He’d explained as much as he was willing and apologized, but they were cool. He still hadn’t talked to Cas. Dean needed to make sure of what he was doing before he went there again. He’d fucked things up, and he didn’t have the first idea how to fix it, or even if he could.
"Okay, Cas. I get it. But... after a while, will you consider it? I want to learn. And experience it. With you. Will you show me your world?"
The thoughts circling his head are vicious birds pecking at his vulnerable insides, but for some strange reason, there's no panic. Just general, sickening fear, a pit in his stomach where his uneasy dread lies. Dean looks up at the sky - searching for an answer, or something to distract him, he's not sure. The stars are glittering gems strewn across the great empty velvet of the night, with the moon making the clouds shine into luminescent white puffs. It looks like a painting, or maybe something from a Harry Potter movie. He gazes up at the stars, his elbows on the railing, just breathing and trying to let his mind clear.
Castiel's smiling by the time he rereads the letter for the fourth time. He's writing out a reply before he can really think about it.
"Eh, nothing. Just things on my mind. So man, uh, probably should've asked this way earlier, but you're single, right? No boyfriend is gonna come to try to gank me or anything?"
Cas licks his lips, looking down obviously at Dean's, then back up into his eyes. "That might literally be the hottest thing I have ever witnessed," And then, to Dean's shock and amazement, comes the soft request, "Do it again."
"Yeah, I can see that. We're in the bathroom though. And we need to clean up." Castiel groaned, making Dean laugh. "Come on, babe. Let's do this, then hit the sack."
"No! No, Sir. I don't want that. Want you to do it. Want you to be the one to - oh! - to p-pleasure me-ee!" Dean starts stuttering when the tip of the plug bumps into his prostate. With his answer, it gets pushed all the way in and is nestled comfortably inside him. Cas taps his finger against it a couple of times. Dean jerks.
Cas runs his hand over the back of Dean's head and through his hair, "No, no. Don't apologize. I understand."
For those of you that have stuck with me this long, thank you so much. As for all my newcomers, who come in what seems like droves every day, welcome to the Crazy. Today marks the one-year anniversary of Zippers! So happy birthday to my most popular fic! I woke up eight million times earlier than I needed to this week just to make sure I had enough time to get this written and posted for you guys.
Dean grimaces, “So did you. I shouldn’t have reacted like that. I definitely shouldn’t have said what I did about you. I know you didn’t do anything to me. I want you to know that, okay?” Dean implores him, green eyes blazing, “You’ve never treated me with anything but kindness and it was a stupid thing to say. I just freaked out. That’s not an excuse it’s just- ugh.” Dean runs his hands through his hair.
After work, he drives home and showers. He manages a quick sandwich as he packs his bag. He had forgotten to make himself lunch before leaving for work this morning, so he's hungry as hell. Dean tosses his duffle bag into the backseat and begins the journey to Cas's.
Cas sits back on the bed and eyes him critically, then his eyebrows scrunch in concern. "Are you okay? You seem upset."
Dean jerks a little and steps forward to the counter immediately. He moves his flannel to cover the semi in his pants that he so desperately wishes he didn't have but enjoys despite that. God, it's a thrill, but seriously, what the hell just happened? He grabs his coffee from Sara and throws five bucks on the counter distractedly. She laughs.
said I needed you, b-but you didn’t wake up. I tried to, more I mean, but-but it just hurt and I couldn’t. And I know it’s ridiculous. It's unfair and I’m not mad- mad or anything, but it still hurts even though I know it doesn’t make sense and I’m sorry, Cas. You didn’t do anything wrong, I’m just being stupid. I’m sorry.”
He pulls it out and opens it with shaking hands. There's a neat, looping cursive scrawl across the small square of paper, which is thick and looks expensive. That's the only word for it.
Dean adjusts his grip and begins to slide his thumb over the sensitive head of Cas's cock on every upward motion. Cas's back arches and Dean's toes curl. The tingle rushes down his spine and the tightening in his abdomen tells him that he's close.
Dean pulls himself out of Cas's grip and gets the keys from his pocket. He tosses them towards the woman and she manages to catch them before they fall into the gap of her overworked bra. She lets out another enraged shriek before throwing herself into the car and immediately screeching the tires and vaulting herself out into the sunshine through a large plastic curtain that separates the building from the outside world. Dean just looks at the plastic strips flapping in the wind between the space she left as she drove through, a small smile on his face.
He threw a pair of sweatpants at Castiel which he grabbed nimbly from the air before they could hit him in the face. "Just get dressed, then we'll talk, 'kay? Work for you? Good. The bathroom's over there." Dean finished and pointed over to the door by the bed without even allowing Castiel a chance to speak. He huffed in frustration but went to the bathroom anyhow. His clothes felt uncomfortably sticky. He quickly stripped out of his stiff and uncomfortable khakis. He debated only for a moment about the shirt. It had semen on it and though it wasn't exactly weird, it was a little gross. Now he was in nothing but his white boxer shorts, and he still felt sticky. He'd like a shower, if only because it would clear his head. He settled for a wet washcloth and wiping down his groin, hoping Dean wouldn't mind the use of it. He pulled the sweatpants on and then realized Dean hadn't given him a shirt. He wondered if that was purposeful or if Dean simply hadn't noticed. Either way, he still had to talk to Dean.
The brothers look scared. Castiel stands and goes to Dean. He perches on the arm of the chaise and kisses Dean's hair, wrapping an arm around him. Things aren't right, but at least they're together. "It'll be okay. If it is your father, we'll take care of it. Nothing's going to happen to you," The earlier mentions of abuse ring through Castiel's mind, unbidden, "Either of you." Castiel waves at Sam. "It's nice to meet you, I'm Castiel. I've heard much about you."
Dean lied in the twilight sunrise of his bedroom, the morning sun filtering in through dark curtains. It filled the room with umber-tinged shadows, with an occasional gold bolt of light splashed across the walls. A stream of sunlight was landing on his hand, and he had it raised off his chest, admiring it. Not his hand, or even the light per se, but the glinting silver band on his finger. The sunlight made it shine and wink at him, and it still looked a little strange amongst his scars. He'd never get tired of looking at it though.
"No reason." Castiel knew he was blushing and he, as calmly as he could, turned and looked out the window, hoping desperately Dean wouldn't notice. But of course, the vampire did. "I don't have to see your blush to know you liked it, Cas. My nose is gifted, lemme tell ya." Castiel wanted to curse. Could he hide nothing from this man? "Hey," Dean's voice was soft, "There's no reson for that. Why're you mad?" That made the urge to curse stronger. "It's nothing, Dean."
Dean sighs heavily and walks across the road to the Impala. He bends down and feels around under the front bumper. Sure enough, his fingers fumble across the box. He yanks it out, cocking an eyebrow at Sam when he stands up. The black box's light is no longer shining and the wires hang loosely.
He mentally yells back and squares himself. He's got this. Partially convinced this time, Dean smiles at the rearview mirror, doing the Blue Steel at his own face, and makes himself laugh. There. That's better.
Castiel takes his time ridding Dean of his panties, sliding them ever so slowly down over Dean's cock, then down his thighs, and finally, he throws them towards the bottom of the bed. His eyes take in Dean's beautiful form, and Cas wonders what he did to get blessed with someone such as Dean. He must've done something. He pops the cap on the lube bottle and pours it directly onto Dean's perineum, where it leaks down slowly over his hole. Judging by how Dean twitches, he's sensitive enough to feel that.
To the right are a counter-looking thing with a million tiny drawers in it, a small sink towards the right end of it, and a mini-fridge on the other side... Okay then. Directly in front of them on the wall, there are floggers, paddles, and other implements of pleasure.
Dean smiles and raises his head to where he thinks he'd be looking at Cas, and slowly, he licks his lips, then grins. "Ahh, my sassy boy is back. Fantastic. Stand up."
"Look, I'm sorry. I just wanted to make sure you were okay. Besides, it turned out to be a good thing! My car kind of broke down, and I was trying to make it there, but that didn't work. I've never been good with cars like you are. You think you could get it running again?"
is sitting in his mailbox. How in the hell did that get there? He knows he didn't put it there. He suddenly glances around the empty lobby suspiciously, half of his mind wondering if this isn't some sort of weird prank or something. Nobody's in here but him, not that he can tell anyway. There are not many places to hide in the grubby little room, but you never know. Half-afraid that something is going to leap out and bite him, or explode maybe, he reaches inside the box slowly and draws his wallet out. Gingerly.
"Damn straight. See out there?" Dean points out the window at his Baby. She's sitting out at the curb. The sun gleams off her black paint and makes her shine like an oil spill. "That's my Baby. She's a '67 Chevy Impala and my pride and joy."
Dean wasn't going to sleep, but he was going to make sure Cas did. He grabbed him and pulled Cas close up against his chest and wrapped his left arm around him. He felt the gooseflesh erupt over Cas's neck and the back of his arms as Dean leaned closer. They were spooning and Cas was playing little spoon which was just fine with Dean.
He raises his head groggily and cracks his eyes open just a little, the sunlight searing into his brain, but it's all to no avail. The bedroom's empty except for him. He throws his head back down on the pillow and yawns, stretching and relishing the creaking of his muscles, the popping of his bones. It's his weird morning ritual to wake his body up. It usually takes a strong cup of caffeine and some calories to get his brain to follow suit. Just as he's finishing circling his feet around, he hears the toilet flush in the bathroom and then the running of water. So Dean is still here. Castiel's fairly sure he has to work today, so he doesn't know how long that'll still be true, but he likes it anyway. Having Dean in his home makes him smile more often than it probably should, but he's loathed to change it. The bathroom door opens in the hallway with a small whoosh, then Dean's shuffling into the bedroom in raggedy sweats and nothing else. Some time in the middle of the night he's lost his t-shirt, and the sun casts a golden glow across his skin.
"Cum for me, Dean. I want to see that pretty little body writhe for me. You're so desperate. Fuck," Cas swears, "Cum for me, Dean. Cum on my cock." What else is Dean going to do but listen? He drops down onto his elbows and lets himself get plowed, Cas thrusting into him faster and deeper at this angle. He's slamming into Dean's sore ass, and he just. Needs. One. More. Thin- Cas's hand comes around his hip and grasps his cock tightly, jerking him furiously. "Cum Dean!"
Not that he was complaining about the orgasm, which had been even better than the last, but this was what he had been wanting earlier. Craving, he realized. It was so incredibly strange how much Dean had come to mean to him in such a short amount of time. He wondered where it was going to go, and for once, he didn't question it. He was just here. Sometime later, and he wasn't sure how long it was, he realized Dean was speaking to him. Castiel focused and then the words cleared and stopped sounding like they were coming from underwater.
His voice was husky and Dean's hands were twitching on his thighs. "Yes. I apologize if this is inappropriate, but my own was covered in semen." Dean briefly closed his eyes as he chuckled then shook his head as he stood up and made his way to the dresser. "Here." He tossed Castiel a plain grey t-shirt that he immediately donned since his semi-naked state seemed to make Dean uncomfortable. It was a little loose on him, but he liked the smell that wafted up from the fabric. It smelled like Dean and he couldn't help but breathe it in deeply. The man genuinely smelled amazing and it had the oddest effects on Castiel. He found himself enjoying it.
"My first successful Dom was a man named Cain. He runs the club I was telling you about. He helped me when we learned that I was a Dom rather than a sub. His experience was valuable and precious to me. He taught me everything I needed to know to begin and to do it correctly."
Cas had given him the softest smile when he’d offered it to him. He’d remember that fondly for a while. Dean’s surprised to find a lump forming in his throat, and he chokes a little and blinks against the wetness in his eyes. Cas turns around, eyes worried.
Dean laughs and Castiel smiles softly. Hopefully, that sound never gets old. That tight knot of worry and confusion has mostly dissipated, just being with Dean, but part of his brain is still very stressed. Dean's tone does nothing to ease that. "So uh, Cas..."
Dean's chest constricted and his voice was tight when he spoke. "Yeah, monsters." Cas suddenly pulled away and looked at him with wide eyes. Dean could honestly lose himself in those blue galaxies. "Dean, you're not a monster." Dean winced but found himself unable to look away. "I know what you were thinking, and you're not." Dean shook his head. "You don't know that, Cas." Cas nodded vehemently. "Yes, I do. I know monsters. Humans can be monsters. Zachariah, for example. He's beaten me, starved me, tried to brainwash me, my mother let him. They were - are - monsters. You. You're kind. You're generous, and you don't think very much of yourself. You are obviously very dedicated and take pride in your work. You care about people."
They stared at each other for a long moment before Castiel asked him again. "How did you know?" Dean sighed but when he spoke he looked way and Castiel immediately knew he was being lied to. "I've seen you around and stuff, Cas. You're almost the talk of the town 'round this time of year. Everybody knows the prick Zachariah and his son Castiel. Shit, sorry." Castiel waved it off. "No, you are not incorrect in your assumption of his character. Though you are incorrect about our familial bond. I am only related to Zachariah through marriage. He is my step-father." Dean surprised him by breaking into a huge grin. "I fucking knew it. There was no way that you could sme-" Dean's face suddenly shut down and he cursed under his breath. What had Dean just been about to say? Nothing Castiel could think of made any kind of sense. He was growing aggravated really quickly. "What are you talking about?" Dean rubbed a hand over his face in frustration before turning around and pulling open a drawer.
Dean smiles. "Well, you wanted a coat. So we're gonna find you one." Cas looks up at the thrift store they're parked in front of. "Here?"
"I'm not going to leave you empty, sweet boy. Don't worry. I've got you." Castiel slides his lube-slick fingers into Dean and enjoys the clenching heat tightening down around him. It's been too damn long since last time.
"Shh, sweet boy. I have you." Castiel cards a hand through Dean's hair, in awe of him. "You are so perfect, you know that? Look at you. Just wonderful. So beautiful begging for me to tie you up. You sound so sexy when you say please."
"It's always good for me when it's with you, sweet boy. And you're right, I love having you begging on my fingers. We'll need the lube. After all, gay sex always is so glamorous."
he's comfortable. A few minutes later, Dean sighs and squeezes Castiel. "Why can't it be like this all the time?"
"Would that be a slightly egotistical statement?" Dean grinned cockily. "Maybe a little. But as for the rest of it, well... You're mine, Cas. Human/vamp couples aren't unheard of it, but it's pretty rare. It's usually vamp on vamp 'cause it's safer." Safer? "In what way?"
He exited the bathroom to find Dean sitting on the bed with his legs outstretched and his head leaned up against the headboard, eyes closed. He looked strangely peaceful, and Castiel found himself unable to break the silence. "You gonna stand there and stare at me all night, big boy?" He cracked an eye open to look at Castiel with the barest hint of a smirk on his face. It seemed he had calmed down in the few minutes that Castiel had been in the bathroom. Good. They needed to have a conversation. "I have no intention to stare at you. We need to- Why are you looking at me like that?" Dean gaze had turned from humorous and cocky into something that sent shivers down Castiel's spine and he didn't understand why. It was predatory, and Dean's gaze was hungry. That was the only word for it. It made Castiel's mouth dry as the Sahara then fill with saliva in almost the same instant. How odd. "Fuck. Guess I forgot to get you a shirt, huh?"
So I added some A/B dynamics because why not? I love the idea of a dominant, protective Dean and a slightly submissive but still feisty Cas. I'm not sure how far I'll take it. I legit have almost no control over this fic, it's pretty much writing itself. And the fic wants what the fic wants, LOL. I hope you enjoyed it. Please comment and tell me what you think!!!
"You don't have to do this if you don't want to," Cas assures him. The purple and red bruise around his nose somehow makes him more endearing.
At about one, Dean starts yawning, and his stomach rumbles. He doesn't feel like moving, though. Sunlight is streaming in through the wooden slat shades on the window across the bed in big lines, and Cas is wrapped around him, making him feel cozy and warm in the little haven of Cas's bedroom. Dean grabs Cas's pillow from the top of the bed and brings it to his chest, turning his body just so he can wrap his arm around it and stick his face on it. It smells like Cas, who chuckles rubs his nose against the back of Dean's neck, still tucked in close behind him.
He had everything prepared, so the bubble soap he made is ready to pour in. After he does, he sets it back on the built-in wall shelf and turns his attention to Dean once more. He's still clinging to Castiel, not that he minds too much. It is adorable. Almost all of his subs would get self-conscious a few minutes after the initial scene was over and withdraw from their vulnerable state. Dean is... an enigma. He just throws himself wholeheartedly into it and gives Castiel everything. Dean doesn't seem to have any reservations, even after a scene is over. He just gives it his all. He's still being so wonderfully open and loving. It's a sight to behold. Castiel murmurs the last things into Dean's ear as the tub fills up and scented steam fills the bathroom. It smells like sandalwood and jasmine and mint. They complement each other nicely, he thinks.
They visited so many places that Castiel lost count and it began to become a blur of faces and revulsive words that he would only scarcely remember later. Just like always, everyone assured Zachariah that they would do their best to maintain an upright establishment, but they weren't closing their shops on one of the most productive days of the year. They couldn't afford to. It always infuriated Zachariah, but luckily Naomi often received the brunt of his anger instead of Castiel. Apparently, Zachariah thought him so disappointed and angry with the business owners himself that he let Castiel go to his room without many words after they returned home. He was glad.
Concern and worry are welling inside him now. He’s scraping and scrounging his mind for something that might’ve upset Dean, but he can’t think of anything. Dean turns around at Castiel’s insistent push on his shoulder, but when Castiel tries to meet his eyes, Dean’s are dead and far away. His beautiful voice is just monotonous and dull, no longer beautiful, but dead.
"What a good boy you are." He murmurs, and Dean swallows around him, ridding himself of excess saliva. Castiel has to bite the inside of his cheek to not to make a noise. He continues typing to Amelia and running his hand through Dean's soft hair for several minutes. He feels the light flutter of eyelashes on his thigh, and Castiel looks down. Teary green eyes are looking up at him.
Dean's voice was suddenly worried. "Was that okay? I mean... I know we were talking, but when you called me 'Alpha' I just kind of lost it." This time it was Castiel's turn to chuckle. "Yes, Alpha. I enjoyed it immensely." Dean growled warningly and Castiel thrilled in it. "Best not do that unless you're looking for something. I don't have an issue with libido like you do, babe. Perks of the fang gang. Better keep that in mind." The thought was arousing, and exciting, and Castiel had a feeling he would be calling Dean 'Alpha' a lot in the future. "Mmm. I like that idea, Dean. I find it very... arousing."
"Me too." He says, and Cas's hand comes up for his thumb to rub Dean's cheekbone. He closes his eyes and leans into the touch.
Castiel smiles slowly, "Then I guess we show him just how strong you are. He's not going to touch you, Dean."
"It's alright. It was just a dream. You're awake now. Nothing can harm you," Castiel soothes, speaking gently.
Cas nodded against his chest, still slightly shaking with panic. "It's okay. I don't mind, honestly. You didn't do anything wrong. It's okay. Say that for me. Can you do that?"
The simplicity of it made Castiel warm. They had a happy life here. He was glad someone had. "Congratulations." He said honestly. "Thank you. So would you be wanting to look around? You're more than welcome to." Dean eyed her suspiciously. "You always let random guys wander around your house?" The woman's smile turned icy. "Of course not. But I have a feeling you're two trustworthy young men, and I thought he would like the chance to look around the old homestead."
as Cas switches from a hand on his cock to pulling at the nipple clamps again. Then it's back to his cock, which is dripping precum, and he can feel it pooling on his stomach and dripping off his sweat-slick body. Ooooh,
The many colored beads, and the young people pumping life into the city, all the colors and swirling lights and the excited screaming of frivolity and fun, it excited him and made him want to join in. But that was also the reason he hated Mardi Gras so much. He was never allowed to join in. He could only watch and try to convince them that what they were doing was a sin. It made him sick, and he was incredibly envious of the partygoer's ability to drink and play and enjoy life like he was unable to. Zachariah would beat him bloody if he knew that Castiel wanted that, that's why he had never breathed a word of it out loud.
Castiel grabs his phone from the arm of the couch and brings up his Gmail account. He's going to write an email to Amelia, and when he's finished with that, if Dean's been good, he'll get rewarded. Castiel uses his right hand to swipe across his keyboard and make the words, and with his left, he strokes Dean's hair, letting him know that Castiel is still thinking of him.
"Yeah, sorry. Let's see... I really don't know how to give you the lowdown on all this. There's a lot."
Castiel chuckles and puts his seatbelt back on. When he looks up from the buckle Dean's looking at him intensely. "What?"
"It's not how I remember it." He murmured, surveying the house. The house from his childhood was gone, and it had been replaced with a happy home. When he and Naomi had lived here it had been painted a dull grey and the shrubs under the windows had been trimmed into perfect squares. Now the shrubs were wild and round if a little brown from the cold. There were flower boxes installed under the windows, empty right now, but when the warm weather came Castiel was sure they'd be full of bright flowers. The front porch steps had been painted a light purple of all colors, and the house was now a pleasant shade of blue. Decorative shutters had been added, and the house looked like a home now. When he and Naomi had lived here the house had been dull and bare and utilitarian despite having a toddler living there. He and Dean were standing on the walkway observing the house.
"If you can't keep still I will secure your knees to the wall as well," Castiel narrows his eyes at the tremor that runs through Dean. He stands and runs his right hand through Dean's hair. "Would you like that, kitten? Do you want to be completely restrained, left to my mercy? Hmm? Use your words, baby boy."
He closed his eyes against the vision of his cracked white ceiling and tried to will away his problems. He hated being so weak. He should be better at this by now. He had always been a disappointment to Naomi and Zachariah, and even now after all these years, he still wished to please and earn their affection. He knew it was childish and that he was really just hiding, but still... He was scared of the outside world, as he called it. He knew nothing outside of the life he had grown up in. He had never even watched tv except for the few times his mother had been forced to take him to the doctor, or if they were consulting a family on a private church matter and they had had their television set on.
Dean clasps his chest overdramatically and says, "Oh my god! You got a reference! Lookit you, you're coming up in the world, old man." Dean meant it as a joke, but Cas just hums and leans back in his chair.
"I don't know, man. I've been dealing with assholes all day. Some intelligent conversation would be great."
"That's not the truth, Dean. What have I said about lying?" Castiel growls lowly in his ear and scrapes his teeth across his neck. The next words make him freeze.
Castiel clicks the button on the remote to the vibrator to turn it on and pulls off Dean's cock to watch him attempt to writhe in his binds, clearly enjoying the stimulation.
"A mating claim. You've found your intended mate." If Dean had been able he probably would've blanched. What the fuck?
"Do you feel like you experience intense, low periods of depression or lethargy, even? Ones that make you want to not get out of bed or shower? Things like that."
"I guess..." Thoughts race through his mind and his heart beats uncertainly, but he tries to remain calm. It can't be that bad. Hopefully. Cas grabs his hand and Dean looks down at it, trying to calm himself down. "We will talk about it, Dean, I promise. It's just a big conversation to have in the middle of the night."
He cups it gently and raises it to his face curiously, breathing warm air onto it and the bee gives a little start, wings fluttering. Dean's face scrunches up in concentration as he pulls the lid of the hive up, hoping and praying that he doesn't get swarmed by a thousand bees looking to destroy him. Nothing happens when he cracks it a little, so he raises it some more, and when again nothing happens, he just pulls it off and props it up against the bottom drawer of the hive. There's a little gap on the inner cover of the hive, and that's where the bees come in and out of, in addition to the bottom drawer. He remembers Cas telling him about it, but now he's not sure what to do.
Dean's heart softens at the way Cas talks about Hannah. He's so kind, even though they're not together now. The thought has something beating away in the back of his mind about Cas talking about him like that someday, but he doesn't want to listen to it. "But Dean, I would never hide that from you. I know what you were thinking, baby boy, and I wouldn't. You're so much more important to me than that."
"My playroom is behind this door. I designed it. Built it. I would like to show it to you. I would also like to scene here if you have no qualms about it." Dean nods and says, "I wanna see it. Sir."
When Castiel gets into his headspace, everything else falls away. He is in control. His hand is smooth and disciplined, practiced in its strokes with the leather straps or the suede lines on sweat-slick skin.
"I'm sorry. You can head home if you want and catch some sleep. I can take a bus and go visit Sam or something when this is over."
"I'll always be here, baby, I promise." And Castiel drifts off to exhausted sleep with Dean's little voice echoing in his ears.
Dean leads him to his bedroom, and Cas picks out Dean's rattiest, most comfortable pair of sweats he owns and has him put them on. Before Dean knows it, he's in bed next to Cas, being urged to drink hot chocolate and watching a Bruce Willis movie. It's nice, and he likes it. Cas is warm, comfortable, and kind. His presence makes Dean feel better.
"I'm here," He mumbles, but it works. His tongue feels like a thick block of wood in his mouth. Cas chuckles.
Dean knows it's crazy, he knows it is, but he swears to God the bees seem to understand Cas. One of them pushes off Cas's hand and flies over to Dean's, circling before landing in his palm. Dean's heartbeat ratchets up. "Cas?"
"Cas!" He screams and clenches down on him again, his body nearly locking up at the image. Cas groans open-mouthed and stares into Dean as his cock finally finishes twitching inside him. When Dean's orgasm winds down, he all but collapses onto Cas, not caring about the warm cum squishing between their heaving chests or the sweat clinging to their heated skin. His breath shudders against Cas's collarbone, and his hand comes up to rub at Dean's hair, Cas's harsh panting more than evident in the now-silence of the dusk-ridden bedroom.
him. But nothing’s ever stopped him, and even when he’s struggled, he’s never stopped trying. It took nothing at all for Castiel to love him. It was like a switch flipped somewhere inside. Anyone that comes to know Dean probably loves him. Castiel really couldn’t see it any other way.
"Yes! Yes, fuck yeah! I love it, Sir! Please." Dean pleads as Cas genuinely starts nudging Dean's prostate on every single thrust.
Something loosens in Castiel's chest and a tendril of guilt begins to wind around him, but he ignores it in favor of leaning forward and ravishing Dean's mouth. At least, until Dean pushes him away and drops back down to his feet. Castiel arches a questioning eyebrow at him and smirks inwardly at the pink flush traveling up Dean's face from his neck. "Shit. Not here, Cas."
P.S. Shibari is an intricate, complicated practice, and I may've simplified it here for the sake of fiction. That's not to diminish the work of people who've spent their time perfecting it and mastering it. <3 Massive respect to all those in the community.
Maybe Castiel wouldn't be alone after all? Did Dean want to be with Castiel? What if he did? Did Castiel want to be with Dean? That was an interesting question. He supposed the answer to that would be 'yes'. He definitely didn't want to be alone and Dean seemed to be good company. Maybe he could help him leave. Besides, it wasn't like he was signing over his life if he didn't go home. Even if he stayed with Dean it wasn't a lifetime commitment. The fact that Dean wasn't human barely factored in at all, Castiel just accepted it in stride. Dean was just Dean, human or not. Stranger or not, even. It didn't really matter. He wondered if Dean would want Castiel to stay with him. Castiel thought he would like to stay with Dean. "Thinking deep thoughts, Cas?"
Castiel sighs contentedly and nuzzles his boy's hair with his nose. Dean murmurs and pushes back into Castiel's embrace, snuggling closer. Castiel smiles against the soft brown hair on his face and hugs him tight, closing his eyes and relaxing his body. He's not tired, but he'll lay here with Dean and enjoy the intimate moment for what it is. This is just as good as the sex last night, for him anyway. He never expected to feel that way, but he does. And he revels in it. All these emotions, all these feelings, they're not exactly foreign, but they're near forgotten. Everything is already so intense... Castiel dozes with a smile on his face as he continues to think. He wakes again when Dean rolls over and plasters himself over Castiel, pushing him flat onto the bed on his back. Dean throws his leg over Castiel's and his arm over his chest. Then he buries his face in Castiel's throat, murmuring, "Cas... warm.
switchblade that had been confiscated from him during their routine pat down. The restraints around his arms, wrists, and ankles had Dean secured snugly to an uncomfortable old wooden chair in the middle of the kitchen.
She was purposely avoiding the messages that she knew would break her heart. After deleting the ones she didn’t care for, all that was left were messages from her parents, Amelia, and even Claire.
“Dean, I know that you wish for all of us to stay together,” the angel said, able to read him like a book, “but it seems that we have no choice but to divide. Only for a short time. Sam and I will find this child's home as quickly as possible so that we can reunite. You and Gabriel should aid Bobby until then.”
The old man was probably joking, but given Clarence's terrible first impression, he could have been sincere. Bobby needed to know about Clarence's real character.
“Uh-huh. Jude brought me home. He flew like Peter Pan,” he answered, making Gabe shake his head because he used yet another movie reference.
"I'm going to a dance tonight," she explained, even though Clarence didn't actually ask the question.
Jude felt his own heart drop with disappointment, but he tried to look on the bright side. At least they knew the general area that Michael was in. That was better than nothing, right?
“What? I can't give it a test drive before I pass it on to my baby? I have to make sure it fits!” Papa huffed, jutting his hip out for dramatic effect, “And don't try to act like seeing me in drag doesn't turn you on, Sam Winchester. I know this gets your motor running.”
A tiny smirk flickered on Michael's lips but disappeared before he turned to look at his brother in the foggy void. Lucifer was glaring hard at him in the dark, gripping the bars with rage again.
Jude paused his affectionate kiss to look up at Clarence's face. In the extremely dim candlelight, Jude could see that the guy was still staring up at the ceiling. His eyes were kind of glazed over, though; like he was remembering something.
“Well, we're gonna be indoors, Cas. I don't think releasing doves will be a good idea,” Clare carefully pointed out.
Jessica finally raised her head to give him a look of slight surprise and Sam instantly felt better. It seemed like she wanted to ask him why, so he went ahead and answered the question without hearing it.
Cas gave Dean's thigh another tender squeeze before disappearing from the car. With their angels gone, Dean and Sam were left sitting in the car with their children, who seemed really excited to have arrived at the underground bunker. Jude and Jessica both stared out the window fondly, looking over the entrance as if they couldn't believe they were seeing it. Sam must have been feeling the same way Dean did about what Jessica said, because the kid cleared his throat and turned around to look at his little girl.
Oliver excitedly waved toward the strangers nearby, who were mowing their own lawn. They offered him a wave even though they seemed confused. Jess could feel Ollie’s giddiness starting to rub off on her. The dread she had started the day with was slowly morphing into eagerness.
He makes a negative hum this time, not having the energy for more. Dean's about to pass out, he can tell. His chest feels warm and fuzzy when Cas chuckles.
"I think gentle might be a good thing right now," Dean's voice cracks a little and he regrets it, but he can't take back the pain there. He needs the reassurance that Cas still wants him. Words are fine, but actions speak louder, and he needs to be shown that Cas still cares.
"Sam?" His voice is high and reedy, incredulous. His little brother grins and barrels right for him.
"If you really have to ask, you're obviously not getting this, Cas. Let me explain this to you." Suddenly Dean had grabbed his jaw and forced his mouth open, and it was now being invaded by a hungry, dominating tongue, and Castiel couldn't help but moan into it. It was so good and possessive, and perfect. It could have been moments, or it might have been centuries but when Dean finally pulled away Castiel was panting and feeling too hot in his skin.
The silence of their hushed breathing wraps around him like shadows, and Dean leans his back against the wall, closing his eyes and breathing in Cas's air. The knot of tension in his chest he's been carrying since this morning finally releases, and he can take a deep breath. The silence wraps around him like an embrace.
“I’m going to worry about it. If I didn’t, that would mean I didn’t care.” That I didn’t love you. The thought comes unbeckoned but is nonetheless true, and he accepts it. Green finally flashes up to meet his eyes, and Dean’s face softens. “Yeah?”
Dean climbs into Baby, shutting the door behind him and settling in behind the steering wheel. It's cold in here, chillier than Cas's house, and he kinda misses the coziness already. Unfortunately, he does have to do the adulting like a regular person occasionally. As he puts her in gear and pulls out of the driveway, he murmurs to himself,
He's Dean and Cas. Together. And nothing could have felt more right. They are joined. When he finally cums it is so much more than he could ever have imagined it would be. It was amazing. And then Cas pushes him back together again with slow kisses and murmured praise. It's so much affection that Dean thinks he could probably drown in it. It's what it felt like. It feels so good to be loved. And that's what it was. Maybe Cas didn't feel that way, maybe Dean was seeing things where there weren't any, but for right now, it didn't matter. He felt loved, and he felt safe, and he felt cherished. The thought occurred to him once again that Dean should never give Cas up. They shared a profound bond, and even after such a short time, Dean was sure that he could love Castiel James. And that was enough for now.
Though he smiled up at his husband, Castiel was privately shocked. He still had no idea how much of that Enochian spell was working in Dean's system, but he did know one thing for sure.
Dean appeared to accept these words as he swallowed with a sudden thud. His green eyes searched Castiel's for a moment before he craned his neck to press their lips together. The angel kissed the man with as much affection as he could muster, holding the back of his delicate head while their lips parted softly. After a moment or so, Dean pulled away to release a warm sigh.
“No. Get off me! I ain't gettin' in there!” the old man blurted, deliberately halting to a complete stop.
The angel gulped down the acidic remnants of vomit before forcing a nod. Other than being burdened with motion-sickness, Castiel was unharmed. Dean, of course, made sure to give the angel a quick visible exam before standing up to spin toward Gabriel.
Dean didn't waste any time tearing the wrapping paper from the box. He spun the large box around on the floor to see the picture on the front and found that it contained a child's car seat. In the picture, all of the car seat's plastic pieces were black and the fabric on the inside was made of soft tan material. And it only took a single glance for Dean to recognize that they were the exact same colors of the Impala's interior. Sam was glancing back and forth between the picture and Dean's face, enjoying his stunned reaction.
Jess was the first one to notice Jude when he walked in. The pregnant angel gulped down her mouthful of cookies and waved him over to her. Though he was still in awe of the beautiful organization that was happening around him, Jude stumbled over to greet his cousin.
Gabe didn't realize just how much he adored his underground bunker with the Winchesters until he found himself standing in it again. The sight and smell alone were enough to make his entire soul feel at ease. Ah. Finally. Heaven – even in its earlier stages – couldn't hold a candle to this Batcave. The tiled walls, concrete floors, ancient books, old beds, and shelves full of junk were all he ever wanted. This was where he belonged. Surrounded by home and Sam's long arms.
“So, we're going to kill Death. With his own weapon,” Gabe followed up with confidence, “That way, his deal with the warlock is void, and we can make the warlock break the curse.”
Jude shared a worried look with his cousin, who seemed equally nervous about entering the room. But they knew they had to do it. Jude didn't realize until he was halfway across the threshold that his and Jess's dads could possibly be in the room, too. As soon as he walked in, Jude scanned the entire place for two little boys, secretly hoping to catch a glimpse of his father and uncle at a younger age. There were toys and coloring books laying around, but no kids. Jude glanced at the closed door off to the side, wondering if Dad and uncle Sam might have been asleep in that room...
The man took another breath as he reached up to hold both sides of Cas's tight stomach. Even though he felt more comfortable, Dean still didn't know what to say. Should he go with the old, '
At first, Gabriel assumed that Sam had wandered out to talk to his brother or something. Sammy always went to Dean if he had a problem he couldn't work out. But when Gabriel flew to the control room, he only saw Dean and Cas. Sam was nowhere to be found. Huh. Did he get hungry and decide to eat in the kitchen or something? Gabe flew to the kitchen next, but Clarence was the only person there; chewing on a bagel at the island with a scowl on his face. The archangel searched Jessie's room next, thinking that maybe Sam wanted to spend some time alone amongst their child's things. But no. He wasn't there either. It wasn't until Gabriel scanned the entire bunker that he stumbled across the garage... and noticed that the Impala was gone.
Clarence the way that Jude did. The kid was a walking bundle of love and light. He made Clare feel warm just by being near him. Jude was the gravitational pull that kept Clarence grounded on Earth. Clare didn't deserve him. He really didn't.
“Alright, you pious little bastard,” the man said gruffly, ready to get this shit over with, “What the hell are you doing to my brother?”
It was the only unicorn in the whole bunch; a stuffed white horse with rainbow hair and a spiral horn. The guy at the booth carefully got it down and handed it to Jessica, who promptly turned around to hold it out to Ollie.
Sam glanced around, seeing the expressions all shift to looks of understanding. Personally, Sam thought it was a great idea. Somehow, it seemed kind of fitting for Death to be safe in Hell. As the family contemplated the situation, Cas suddenly disappeared from Dean’s side. Dean and Jude looked toward the empty spot between them before sharing a look of confusion. In the meantime, Sam also felt a tiny hand on his own arm and glanced down to see his granddaughter smiling up at him from Oliver’s shoulder. Charlie’s round, dimpled cheeks melted Sam’s insides. She seemed to be the only person in the hall unaffected by everything that was happening, and Sam slightly envied her innocence.
The words must have outraged Sam, because the kid suddenly charged at Asmodeus. He was so quick that the demon barely had time to drop Gabriel and duck out of the way. Sam’s lunge caught the sleeve of his white suit jacket and sliced it open, cutting him in the process… But then, Asmodeus was able to grab Sam and hold a knife to his throat.
After everyone had their reunion in Bobby's study, they immediately swapped stories. Dean and the others told the kids about their showdown – more like
Jessica let go of Jude’s hand so that she could take the baby into her own arms. Her golden grace lit up the pantry as she held the newborn close to her chest. Jude silently prayed that it would work. Jessica was practically the savior of the family. If anyone could help Jude’s baby breathe, it was her. But tears grew in Jessie’s eyes as she blinked down at the baby.
Little did Jane know, the oldest Winchester and his blue-eyed angel were out saving a small town from a ghost threat somewhere in Nebraska...
“The manager brought us up here himself. And he looked terrified,” Clare said into the phone, “You wouldn't have anything to do with that, would you, Crowley? … No, of course not.”
While Dean fought with the person on the floor, he caught sight of someone else rounding the aisle behind Jude. The man was walking up to the toddler with a scowl on his face – and his eyes were jet black. The terrifying sight of a demon coming near his child made Dean's body react without him. The hunter let go of the wire, letting it partially slice into his neck, so that he could retrieve the gun from his waist band. Dean instantly unloaded his pistol on the demon behind Jude, filling the store with loud gunfire and making the creature stumble back into the glass beer case. Afterward, he pointed the gun directly behind him and shot his captor, causing them to finally let go.
. You've seen it with your own eyes. Who's to say he wouldn't turn right around and gank you a couple hundred times, like he did to me, huh? How do you know he wouldn't find it funny to stuff your ass in hell again just to watch you burn?!”
She didn’t know what else to say. Nothing could make their current situation any easier to deal with. Oliver seemed to be at a loss for words too, because he only nodded to show he agreed. After a second or two of silence, Jess started to lower her head to bring it back into the cabin – but stopped when she felt a warm hand rest on hers on the windowsill. She looked back in time to see Ollie lean over and press his lips to hers. Jess blinked her eyes closed to enjoy the moment – and suddenly realized that she hadn’t kissed her husband like this for
And I want to take a second here to tell you all how much I appreciate you, and hope that you are doing well. It seems like the whole world is on lock down and separated, but I want you to know that even if you’re in a place that is dealing with quarantine, you are not alone. If you’re getting cabin fever or just need someone to talk to, I’m here! Drop me a line! ;) And be sure to call and speak with an elderly loved one in your life. Ask how they’re doing, tell them you love them, and remind them they aren’t alone either. :) (My 87-year-old Granny is quarantined, but she’s still hanging in there. She’s a tough ol’ bird.) ;D And I know Chuck told us to hoard toilet paper, but come on, guys! Be reasonable! The rest of us want clean butts, too! (Just kidding. I know you all are the nice ones who only take what you need, and I love you for it!) ;D Okay, I’ll stop rambling now. Thank you all so very much for reading and commenting on this fic! I love each and every one of you, and hope you stay healthy! The next chapter will be out soon! :)
Jessie turned her attention to Jude, who was nervously poking at his scrambled eggs. He kept glancing toward the door as if he was waiting anxiously for someone to come in. It took Jessica less than a second to figure out that 'someone' was Clarence. Those two boys obviously had a thing for each other. It was only a matter of time before they admitted their feelings. And it was really sweet to see Jude acting like a nervous, love-sick mess.
Jude smiled and stole some more yummy popcorn from his bowl. He was glad that Ollie liked staying at his house so much. Maybe Ollie could start staying the night more. That would be fun. Dickie carried his stuffed moose over to the sleeping bags and plopped down between Jude and Jessie. The doggie looked really excited to be part of the sleepover, too.
With Death’s weapon in his possession, Lucifer knew that nothing would be able to stand in his way. But that’s the thing about being invincible. No one wants to play with you when you’re the biggest, meanest kid on the playground. And unfortunately, that included the one being he wanted to play with. In order to swing the end of that scythe into God, God had to be inside a human vessel. Lucifer had to catch him in a killable body, not while he was being all high and mighty in his omnipresent form. Luckily, Lucifer had a plan to get his old man to come down and face him.
With one last look at Ollie's picture, Jessie flew out of her room. She was on an urgent quest to find the man she loved, and absolutely rock his world.
. When Jude saw that their lips were connected, he bashfully turned away with a smile of his own. Oh boy. Seeing his two best friends kiss was going to take some getting used to... When Jessie backed away, she covered her mouth like she was surprised.
The archangel turned his attention back to the shivering little boy in his arms, who was looking back at him with Cas's signature sapphire eyes.
“I need you to go to... Germany,” Dean quickly said, thinking it up on the spot, “I've been, uh, wanting a try a glass of draft ale from there. Think you can hit up one of the pubs and get me one?”
Jessica sniffled and held onto his strong arm in the dark, feeling herself tremble so much that it shook the mattress. She felt so bad about Ollie being caught up in this mess. It was bad enough that she and Jude had to search for an uncle that they had never even met before in a city that they were unfamiliar with – but Ollie? He was in harms way by association.
“Did you have fun last night, Cas?” Dean casually asked, petting the angel's thigh under the table with his eyes still locked with Gabriel's golden stare, “because it sure sounded like you did.”
“Tell me,” Bobby warned, his tone giving Dean chills, “It ain't Crowley, is it? Tell me it ain't Crowley.
A huge smile flashed on Clarence face and he instantly dashed for the door. The guy ran past Bobby and Crowley, giggling like a kid on Christmas morning. In the meantime, everyone else's mouths were hanging open in shock. Holy shit, Meg was still alive? Dean was partly convinced that she had somehow died since the last time he saw her. He was almost certain that she would turn up dead. But as shocked as he was, Dean was also kind of glad. Clarence always wanted to be with his mom and now it was about to happen. And after everything he'd been through, the kid deserved it...
“I'll see you when the ceremony starts, okay?” she said, “Don't be nervous. Everything's gonna be amazing.”
“Because I told him everything,” the archangel explained, “and I continue to remind him, all the time, of how we are only alive and well because of the heroic actions of our nephew and his family. And how your victory over Darkness, Jude, has allowed us to love each other without fear or regret... So, yes. It would be an honor to attend your wedding. If it is possible, we will be there. Thank you very much for your invitation.”
Yes, yes. I know. How dare I come back from a three-month hiatus only to slap you in the face with these kinds of feels? I should be ashamed of myself. And I am! Shame on me for doing this to you! *Beats myself up like Jim Carrey from ‘Liar, Liar’* XD I know Jude is in a tough emotional spot – and might be something that some of you can relate too – but I promise that what hurts now will feel a billion times better later. Trust the snail! ;D Apart from the story, how are you? I feel like I haven’t heard from you guys in such a long time, and I’ve missed you all! *hugs* :D One of the reasons I haven’t been posting lately is because I upgraded my tech. I got rid of my old laptop – one I purchased when I started college in 2011 – and got a brand new one, which I’m typing on now. New decade, new tech. ;D I hope that all of you are having a similarly wonderful start to your new year. :D As always, thank you all so much for taking the time to read this! I love you all! :) The next chapter will be out soon! :)
“Good,” Bobby smiled, making his eyes gleam under the bill of his hat, “Then go get yer stuff, boy. My truck's waitin' in the garage.”
Cas wasn’t looking at him, but at the floor with a blank stare. Though he was tempted to be alarmed, Dean nodded.
Goosebumps freckled Sam's skin as he glanced between his daughter and the angels. Jessica had said those words before – a few days ago, when she woke up from a nightmare in the Impala. Did she dream this already? Were these angels the scary people that she saw? Jessica practically scrambled up Sam's torso in fear with glistening eyes fixed on the angels. The group of three had already started to inch closer, seeming to have caught on to Sam's plan. Sam quickly gathered his arms around his child, trying to keep her from wiggling out of his grip.
Papa's voice faded away when Jude held out his hand and looked at it to feel for his own grace. He knew it was in there somewhere, he just had to bring it out like Papa taught him. It took a few times of pushing it around and trying hard, but his hand finally turned shiny. Jude's skin was all lit up like it was when Aunt Rowena did the spell. And when Jude looked back to Daddy and Papa, their eyes were big and mouths were open.
“He called Cas a 'pretty city boy,'” Gabriel answered, “But don't worry, Pinky, I made him pay for it. Literally. I didn't pay for our rooms, so he's gonna lose a shit-ton of profit. Not to mention the toupee thing. That's what he gets for being an asshole.”
Jessica glanced up at her dad and nodded, even though she seemed pretty unenthusiastic. When Sam started to lead her away, Dickie slowly got up and followed them, leaving his three hellhound sons behind. The trip to Sam and Gabe's bedroom was uncomfortably quiet. Neither Sam or Jessica said anything, even when they walked into the room and turned the light on. The sudden sight of his and Gabe's unmade bed – and the smell of Gabriel's sweet cotton candy scent – hit Sam like a ton of bricks. He suddenly missed Gabriel more in that moment than he had all day. Dammit, Sam wanted to see his archangel so badly. Why did shit like this always have to happen to their family?
. Dean was so grateful to have Cas in his life, and having his father's literal blessing was an unbelievable relief.
The moment Jude and Jessica raised their heads to see Bobby, tiny gasps filled the kitchen. They abandoned their baskets on the table and ran to hug Bobby's legs. Joy was evident on Bobby's bearded face.
Daddy and Papa only had time to glance up and give Jude a pair of warm and relieved smiles before the sharp-toothed people attacked. They all started to clobber Jude's family, but everybody fought back. Dad, Papa, and uncle Sammy were hitting and slashing people with angel blades. Uncle Bobby was shooting the bad guys with one of his really loud guns, making big '
“Juliet,” Crowley called from behind Sam, sounding annoyed, “Leave that mutt alone! You don't know where its been.”
The white dashes in the middle of the road were blurring together as Dean tried to blink away his rapidly growing tears. He hated hearing that voice in his head.
Two of Bobby’s dogs were nervously running and whining all around him, but one wasn’t moving at all. It was Humphrey, the special one of the group. He was laying on his side and wheezing, sounding like a broken squeaky toy. He must have been crushed under something heavy, because it sounded like his ribcage was squeezing his lungs. Uncle Bobby carefully scooped the little dog up and held him, petting his head.
Before anyone could say anything, Clarence started walking away. It wasn't a fast or angry walk. More of a numb walk. A bland, empty walk. The kind of walk that someone took when there was nowhere left to go but the only relief they could find was by simply moving. Dean had seen that walk before. Hell,
. And it wasn't long before Dean found himself teaching Cas how to kiss. And showing him how to have sex... and saying the words 'I love you' with absolute honesty. As of right now, Dean was pretty sure that their relationship was bordering on 'commitment' territory. Which meant it was time to either pull out or go all in. And for the first time in his life, Dean was dead-set on going all in.
The idea of being given such an 'elderly' title must have triggered Sam's desired reaction out of Dean, because his green eyes widened and his face turned pale.
.' Jude knew how to use his grace for combat. And if Jude could see the glowy man, that meant he could
Clarence didn't get very much sleep the night before his wedding. Because, frankly, he was too excited to get any sleep. He had waited for this day for
disadvantages. This time, Castiel wouldn't have to leave Dean's side. He wouldn't be forced to abandon his now-husband or their brothers, because he was no longer a beacon. Without his grace, Cas was able to blend in more easily with his surroundings and not draw attention to himself or others. And the prospect of staying with his family the entire time relieved him greatly... However, being human in Purgatory wasn't an ideal choice either. Basic human necessities, such as eating and sleeping, still had to be taken into account and dealt with during their stay in this barren wasteland. Dean and Sam seemed to adapt flawlessly to the change, while Gabriel was struggling just to function. And Castiel was caught somewhere in between.
Once Cas staggered away with contentment, Dean turned his grin to Gabriel. The archangel didn't look as perky as he did before. His smile had slipped a bit and his shoulders were lowered. And when he and Dean met eyes, the trickster's golden stare seemed to be a little more serious. Ha! That was what the bastard got for thinking he could out-fluster Dean Winchester.
The angel raised her solid fist to punch the asshole in the face again, bashing the back of his head against the floor in the process.
“N – no,” Cas replied, raking his fingers through Dean's hair again, “I just felt like surprising you, Dean.”
Thankfully, Caldwell's harsh statement wasn't taken so lightly by anyone else. Oliver tossed the book in his hand to the dirt and clinched his fists with his head down, as if he was planning to charge toward the warlock like a bull targeting the color red. Jude lit up like a Christmas tree; eyes and skin glowing bright with grace, so much that Clarence could almost feel his fingers burning before Jude let go of his hand.
Grandpa nodded and inhaled a slow, deep breath, taking one of his hands out of his pockets to briefly rub his bearded chin.
Being as silent as possible, Clare got up from the floor and made his way through the tiny house. Oliver, Jessica, and Charlie were all sound asleep like Jude. Dean, Cas, Sam, Gabe, and Meg were all at the kitchen table. Sam and Meg’s heads were both down in their own folded arms, like they were dozing, but the rest of them were sipping coffee and mumbling to each other. Luckily, no one noticed Clare as he tiptoed to the hallway closet and grabbed his old guitar. It was his first one; the one that was beaten all to hell. He would have grabbed one of his newer guitars, but they were in the bedroom where Adam, Michael, and their baby were sleeping, and he didn’t want to disturb them. Clare also grabbed a folding chair and brought it back into the living room.
For once, luck was on Dean's side, because the key card he had for his own room worked on this one, too. A small smirk flickered on the man's lips when the door unlocked and swung open without a struggle. Bingo. Whoever said you couldn't take karma into your own hands was sorely mistaken... The state of Sam and Gabriel's room was pretty unsettling. Breakfast food was tossed all over the bed and floor, clothes were flung everywhere and – was that a stuffed moose with an anti-possession symbol sewn onto it's chest? What the hell? Dean rolled his eyes at the sight. He would never understand Gabriel and his stupid freak-fetishes.
“The other demons I've had in my time were such fighters. Always kicking, biting, screaming, clawing like animals. That's why I started to use opium on them. To calm them down... But Meg... She didn't fight,” he explained quietly, “Whenever she stirred from that heavy sleep, she only stared at me. Blinking. Such beautiful green eyes. It was as though she thought she
“I was planning to spend the rest of my life with you, Cas… Right next to you. Every day. Every night,” Dean admitted softly. “Looks like it didn’t work out that way… but I’m still grateful for everything we had… I love you, Cas… I love all of you… Thank you for finding me. We’ll find each other again someday. I’m damn sure of it…”
The king seemed confused by Dean’s reaction, but also slightly curious. He shifted in his chair, bringing both hands from his sides to his knees so that he could lean forward a little.
The archangel watched his handsome husband shrug out of his jacket and lay it on the edge of their dresser, secretly admiring every piece of him. Sammy was so hot! Gabe wanted to marry him all over again! Gabe grinned and held up a swaying arm, reaching out for Sam's flowy hair, adorable face, and rock hard abs.
Oliver nodded again and reached underwater to find Jess's hands. His warm fingers found her pruned fingers and clamped them comfortingly.
The lack of light also made Gabriel wonder where the captors were. What kind of person sets up a trap for angels, catches them, and then leaves them alone in a cage? Surely, they wanted to see the prize they captured, right? Whoever caught Jude and Gabe must have been getting desperate. Putting a trap at a playground was a pretty low thing to do. Whoever did it obviously wanted to have Jude and Jessica – but they got Jude and Gabriel instead. Huh. Gabe wondered how the captors were going to feel when they walked in to realize that they got Jessie's pissed-off archangel father instead of her...
“Well. Hello there,” Lucifer purred as he sauntered up to the desk, “Last time I saw Death, he looked like a shriveled up old apple core. But you, honey… You look
The teenage girl suddenly disappeared from Jude's side and the loud sound of a slamming door echoed through the bunker. Jude, Sam, Gabe, and Clarence all glanced at each other before dashing for the exit. They all raced down the hall to get to Jessie's room, where her bedroom door was firmly closed; a rare sight for Jude, who hardly ever saw it that way. Uncle Sam immediately dashed up to knock on the wood with a look of desperation on his face.
The two of them shared a small smile before the man reached up to wrap an arm around the angel's back and pull him close enough to kiss the top of their son's head.
“There are but a handful of us left,” Naomi answered, wiping the moisture from her scarred face, “We've sought refuge among the dead by building small huts and cloaking them from view. In fact, you're standing in one right now. Raphael is quiet. We believe he is regrouping his Leviathan army and planning his next move. This distraction will buy us a few days.”
The man squeaked terrified protests in French as his feet dangled over the street. Jessica eventually tossed him back on the ground next to his ruined scooter. Oliver glanced around and noticed that a few people had popped their heads out of nearby doors and windows with cell phones in hand to see what was going on. They seemed ready to film all the drama that was happening. Not wanting his wife to become an internet celebrity, Ollie quickly slid over to cautiously wrap an arm around Jess's shoulder.
Dickie gave a single bark, turned to pick up his stuffed moose with his mouth, and started walking for the entrance of the library. Jessica followed her Papa's dog all the way through the bunker, out of the control room, passed the kitchen, by the bedrooms, and down the hall, where a few stairs led to the darkest part of their home. It was the lower level, where the old offices, storage rooms, and the dungeon were. Dickie paused and wagged his tail by the door of the 'dungeon', where she could finally hear voices coming from inside. Jess smiled and reached down to pet Dickie on the head.
. And he would be damned if he was gonna wait any longer for it. Cas seemed to agree with his enthusiasm. The angel nodded once before reaching out to press his palm flat against Dean's chest. All of the man's clothes vanished in an instant, revealing his heaving chest and the boner rapidly growing between his legs. Dean gasped a little at the feeling of open air hitting his bare skin, but he was glad Cas had zapped all his clothes away. There was no time to waste when he was this horny.
With everyone back together and safe, the Winchesters weren't sure what to do next. That is, until Sam suggested that Caldwell's body needed to be salted and burned. Dean wholeheartedly agreed with his little brother. They need to make sure that the warlock was going to
Dean could feel Jude's small heart beating against his own chest as he hugged him and the sensation brought back even more memories. It seemed like only yesterday that Dean held him for the first time. It was only yesterday that Dean and Cas taught Jude how to walk, and talk, and play. Only yesterday that Dean's son was just a baby. But now, he was almost a child. And the idea both saddened
Sam turned to give the car a glance and look at the archangel in the front seat. The tall kid scratched the back of his head and sighed like he was worried.
“Well, I certainly hope not. Because he's been making your lives hell for the past few days,” Crowley answered simply.
“Later, son,” Papa replied, resting a hand on Jude’s shoulder, “For now, let yourself rest and enjoy your meal.”
Instead of knocking again, Gabriel simply flew himself inside. His daughter's room was softly lit with her unicorn reading lamp, casting a pinkish glow on all of her things. Jessica was dressed in a gray hoodie and sweatpants, laying on the bed, curled up on one side. It looked like she was holding something to her chest and sobbing, and the sight shredded Gabe's heart into pieces.
Dean stared at the phone, eyes almost unfocused. His tongue dragged over his dry, chapped bottom lip and it took a moment, but when Dean finally spoke, it was a weird withered rasp; “I’ve really needed you t-the last couple d—”
Her eyes were wide, but she was still walking with him, her heels crunching and sliding in the gravel.  “Why? We can make the deal here, we—”
So distraught, she didn’t fight back when Balthazar came closer and put his hands on her face, “My darling…if you think for one moment that the Duke hasn’t ordered Raphael to shoot Dean down the moment you both try to leave, then you don’t understand the gravity of this situation at all.”
Though he tried to hide it, Bobby’s glare at his destroyed kitchen and living room was deeply annoyed. “S’fine,” he grumbled. “They were
Their entire lives had been fake. Storylines orchestrated by a God who was bored and had an overinflated idea about his own importance. They couldn’t have any real way to tell what had been genuine or not, could they? Their parents, their lives, the apocalypse, their friends… What had been a plotline? What had been free will?
He’d been in a hot car with the three of them, listening to Naomi make passive aggressive comments about the length of Hannah’s shorts and having to sit quietly while Uriel showed off his ability to recite every line of Positive K’s
Patience snapping like a twig, Dean turned the jug upside down, letting the water pour over Alastair's face. It sizzled and burned, his skin snapping open in horrible blisters, and Alastair snarled and writhed for a minute, but as the water stopped pouring and Dean pulled back, Alastair's snaps and sputters turned to giggles.
you. They just knew how much it had hurt you to believe in them; they saw what mom and dad put you through, and they saw what you were like after the institution, and they saw the pain it brought you. That’s all, Jimmy. That’s it. Nothing more. And I think they saw, when the time came for the mission, that you had something worth losing here—” She gestured upstairs to Amelia and Claire. “But me? I was available, and I was the next in line. I was lonely, and had nothing, not really. No prospects, no Brad, no nothing. And I…” She shrugged, smiling. “I wanted to go on an adventure, and I did.”
Dean makes a small noise and nuzzles his face against Castiel, making him smile. He's so cute sometimes. Castiel sings the next verse and Dean continues to move around more, making quiet happy sounds that make Castiel smile. When he finishes that verse, he strokes Dean's hair and whispers "Are you awake, honey?"
His words are quiet, and Cas stills for a moment. Long enough for Dean to think he might've fucked up, but then Cas is kissing along his shoulder again.
Dean chuckles, "I know what you mean. Cas always seems to have all his shit together. I end up feeling like an unraveled sweater next to a designer suit."
"We're making it, brother." His Cajun accent is soothing and familiar, and Dean loses himself in his happiness. Twenty thousand dollars. Jesus Christ, he feels light-headed. This is so amazing.
"I know. I know, baby. I know it feels like so much more than you can handle. Too much. But I promise it's not. It'll feel even better the second time, I promise. Just feel it, sweet boy. Just feel it."
They pull away and share a warm breath between them before returning to their previous position, Cas nuzzling into Dean's short hair and seeming to breathe in his scent. Dean shoves his face into the bed and grabs Cas's wrist, securing its position over his stomach.
But, as horrifyingly embarrassing as it is, Cas helping him gives Dean the financial leeway he needs to get Sam back in the apartment with him. Both brothers are overjoyed about it. Especially when Sam saw the apartment. Dean had to build a new bookshelf for all the books Cas had sent, so that was the newest add-on to the living room, in addition to the armchair that Cas had delivered after Dean had made an offhand comment about wanting one a couple weeks ago. He definitely hadn't expected Cas to do that, but in hindsight, he should've known better. He's got to learn to keep his trap shut. Besides the new furniture, the cabinets are brimming with food, as well as the refrigerator. And after having some of the stress taken off of him Dean's remembered he actually does like to clean, so the apartment is nearly spotless when Sam comes home. Seeing Sammy's face light up at the way it all looked was more than enough to make up for being embarrassed about Cas helping him.
As Castiel massages the conditioner into his hair, he suddenly remembers that he was supposed to catch lunch with Dean. Fuck. He scrubs the rest of his body down hurriedly and turns the water off. He has one foot out before he realizes that he needs to wash the conditioner out.
"Yeah. Well, it keeps us alive and doesn't kill anybody else. What's that 'S' word? Symbi-something."
"I wish you didn't have to go," Cas says against his lips. Dean grins and rubs his palm against Cas's semi in his pants and breathlessly says, "Yeah, I can see that."
"Damn straight it is. I came here to set my boy straight, and I'm not leaving without doing that." Dad suddenly turns his attention to Dean, scouring him with a gaze. Dean feels like a lizard, wanting to curl into himself and shrink away from that cold glare. "You know better than to act like this, boy."
"Fuck, yes! Yes, I understand, Sir." He cries. Cas rolls his hips in just that way, and suddenly there's a thumb pressing against his taint, matching his dick thrust for thrust, and it sends Dean straight over the blinding edge of oblivion.
reaches a peak, and he begins to cum. He seizes in his binds, and his legs start to cramp, but he barely cares. When hot, wet heat engulfs his cock, he shrieks and pumps his hips as best he can into Cas’s mouth, spurting cum across his tongue. Colors keep exploding across the back of his eyelids as he continues to orgasm. All the tension seeps out of him in a millisecond. His mind goes white with the final relief, and he buzzes off into an oblivion of pleasure.
Smooth, cool jazz oozed from speakers in a nearby antique shop, and bluesy rock played from an apartment on his left. Melted into that were soft notes of violins and the harsh, yet achingly beautiful sounds of guitars and washboard bands. It was magnificent. "Castiel." His step-father's frigid voice was like ice water in his veins, he had no idea what Zachariah had been saying. He hoped desperately that he had been off on his usual tangent about the many woes of humanity's sin-ridden existence and how he would cleanse it. "Yes?" Castiel hated it, but he could not force his voice to rise above a timid near-whisper. This man terrified him sometimes. Zachariah's icy eyes appraised him viciously. "Obey me, and listen when I am speaking to you. Need I remind you again?"
"Okay, the steering column needs to be replaced, possibly the dash as well. The interior needs to be reupholstered. As far as the engine goes," Dean walks around to the hood. He finds the latch with his fingertips and lifts it, and his mouth drops open. "Oh my God."
They agreed to use the stoplight system this time. It's a more intense scene, and Dean had wanted the extra security.
"Of course we can, kitten. Come on, lay down with me." Dean shuffles down the bed and cuddles into Cas's chest. He feels so warm and safe, and that's so new. He loves it.
Only a crazy person would want emotions and feelings and be in for the long haul after a day. But he couldn't leave Cas unprotected either, especially considering what Dean did when he was on the road. Hunting was not a kind life, and if Cas was with him then he would most definitely be involved. Dean didn't have any illusions about that, he wasn't stupid. He hadn't been able to keep the life from Sammy, he sure as hell wouldn't be able to keep it from Cas. A bitter echo of pain shot through him at the thought of Sammy which he quickly squashed. It was over, it was done, and he couldn't change it. Sammy was gone. Had been for a long time dammit, and this still hurt, no matter how hard he tried to pretend it didn't. Dammit. Dean turned back to reality as he led Cas down a sleek hallway decorated entirely in beige. Wow, that hurt his brain to look at. If pure boredom was a color, he's pretty sure it would be beige.
"I think I have to go home tomorrow," Dean says around a mouthful of sausage, ignoring the look Cas gives him for it. "Benny took the garage for a few days since we didn't have any customization orders in, but there's a Camaro coming in for a restoration soon and I need to meet the clients."
He wraps his other hand around the heated porcelain he's holding and takes another sip, savoring the sweet, dark liquid. He likes this. It's quiet. Not the lonely, dingy, empty quiet of his house. This kind of peace is wonderful. It's a waiting-on-something-to-happen quiet. He's never really had a happy-quiet before. Not since Sammy anyway. The thought of his little brother turns his mood a bit sour.
Castiel looks over at her, still holding Dean to him by a handful of denim-clad ass, and snarls, "You can take your business elsewhere, or I'll report you for illicit activities on the premises such as eliciting prostitution, attempts at bribery, and sexual exploitation."
"Dean, stop, it's okay, it's okay!" Sam's voice doesn't even make sense, it's garbled noise, like Dean's underwater. And he doesn't care. He struggles against Sam's grip.
"Thanks for the compliment, sweetie, but I'm pretty sure my girlfriend would be mad if I tried to take you home. But it's tempting. You're a cutie."
"We've been over this. I don't want to be controlled." Surprisingly, Dean just grinned and let go of Castiel before backing away and holding up his hands in a surrender gesture. "Exactly. You don't want to be controlled. So why the fuck do you want to talk to Zachariah?" Wha- Oh. Dean had a point to all of this. Like a child slowly grasping a complicated idea he asked, "You did this... for a reason." Dean nodded like a proud parent.
Castiel doesn't think that Dean remembers saying he loved him last night. That's alright. He's nearly positive that it was just endorphins and the safe environment Dean was in. But regardless, the words warmed Castiel. True or not. He has the feeling that those words aren't something Dean says a lot, if ever. He's pleased that he got to hear them. He's also happy that Dean decided to stay today.
Dean's eyes stay on the dashboard, furiously trying to blink out stupid tears. God, he hates this. "Please."
"Shoes!" Dean pipes up from behind the pillow, and Castiel finds himself grinning. Dean's little voice is adorable.
"Oh, that's so good, Dean." Dear God in heaven, his sub is eager to please, and that has to be one of the most fantastic things about Dean. He bobs his head expertly, moving back and forth in a rhythm that is making Castiel's knees want to shake.
Sam hails down the waitress and they get their menus. Dean has to let go of Cas's hand to look at the option and he hates it. It almost feels like they've had a fight or something. Logically, Dean knows it's just the last few days and how weird their schedules have been. But it still sucks. Ever since Dad came into the picture it's like nothing had been right between them. They haven't been together long enough to be out of the honeymoon phase, but Dean worries that the good times are already gone. He's not ready for that so he tries to focus on the conversation going on. They order their food after a few minutes of studying the menu. A burger combo for Dean, a salad and fries for Sam, and a meatloaf plate for Cas. It's not long before they're all chowing down. Well, except for Sam.
The words rise in his brain and Dean is moving before he can even process that his feet are unplanted. John lands a second punch, but Dean leaps. He connects with Dad's meaty shoulder and pushes him off Cas. They both go flying into the concrete. Dean doesn't even feel it. He scrambles up and rushes John, but John was ready for him. He kicks Dean away before he can get close. Dean lands on his hip and he yelps, then he's being pulled up by the lapels of his jacket. Dad's sour breath rushes over his face and Dean turns away. "You're disgusting!" John yells, spewing more of his whiskey-soaked breath into Dean's face.
The rest of the meal goes well. Sam teases Dean, so Dean retaliates by telling Cas about the crush Sam has on Cain. That sparks a discussion about childhood crushes and Dean has to expand on his views of Harrison Ford a little too much. Before long, the lunch is over. Dean leans back in the padded booth and pats his stomach. He's happily stuffed full of food and could use a nap now.
"I just honestly have no idea what someone like you is doing with somebody like me and that's why I was - that's what the crying was about earlier. I'm just so happy, Cas. That I met you, that I'm here, that you actually want me. I can't wrap my head around it. And... And I got to thinking about the BDSM thing."
Cas sighed shakily and Dean could feel him trying to force himself to relax. When the trembling had subsided and his heart rate was calm Dean considered saying something. But instead, he waited until Cas's scent told Dean that he was okay. After several minutes of relative silence with only passing cars, the rumble of Baby's engine and Cas's stilted breathing Dean asked, "You okay, sweetheart?" Cas sniffed, "Yes, I think so. It just seemed to hit me all at once. This is all so real. Was it true what he said? He's a demon?"
Dean growled loudly and grabbed him by the wrist again before forcing him back against the bed. "Don't lie to me!" Castiel wanted to cower, he wanted to hide as he was so used to doing, but instead, he decided to fight. He pushed his head back against the pillows as much as he could and then flung it forward with all the force he could muster, headbutting Dean who grunted and fell backward, giving Castiel a chance sit up and try to scramble away.
Yesterday Dean had provided a much-needed distraction from the stress of the trial that's been plaguing his family with angst and unwanted hope for a good outcome. Finding Dean's wallet on the sidewalk had merely been an accident, but Castiel doesn't believe in coincidences.
Dean wakes up slowly, relishing the way his body feels. He's warm and content, and he feels at peace, which is kind of a first for him. Somehow during the night, he got turned around to where he's facing away from Cas. His arms are wrapped around Dean's shoulders, and he's tucked in close. This feels so right, he can't even describe it. It really shouldn't feel this right. He's known Cas, what? Three days? Technically four? It's nowhere near enough, but it feels like it's been years. A murmur of his name against his shoulder blade brings him back to the present.
He opens his arms. Dean slides the belt over his right arm and surges into Cas's chest, burying his face in the warmth. He's leaning over the center console uncomfortably, but the comfort of draping himself over Cas is greater. Cas wraps his right arm around him, rubbing his back. He whimpers at the need rising in him and rubs his thumb against his bottom lip. He doesn't think Cas will notice if he does his comfort thing. He can't see him. His thumb's right there anyway. Deciding to fuck it, he places his thumb in his mouth and closes his lips around it, sucking on it and closing his eyes. It calms him down somewhat but he still clings to Cas tightly, feeling incredibly stupid but needing the comfort, regardless. "That's it, baby. Shhh. It's alright."
The door behind him creaks and Dean jumps a little. He turns and Cas is in the doorway with a blue bathrobe on, looking mussed and sleepy.
He didn't mind, and he actualy felt a lot better after he got out. Dean hadn't joined him, though Castiel could tell he had wanted to. He wanted to ask why, but he wasn't sure he wanted the answer to that question. He'd be lying if he said that the "pretty little hole" comment hadn't gotten to him.
"It's alright, baby boy. It's alright. I'm here." They're resituating Dean onto the bed, then Cas is carefully pulling out of him, making Dean whine again. There are some sounds that Dean can't quite connect to having any bearing on reality coming from the bottom of the bed, then Cas's warmth is gone. A pitiful sound falls from Dean's lips as he searches for Cas with one arm. Dean only finds an empty expanse.
"Alright, Dean. Alright. Let's play. Stand up and strip. I'm going to as well. I want to see you." Dean complies immediately, standing up by the table. Cas stands too and pulls off his shirt before looking at Dean expectantly. Dean had lost his flannel sometime earlier, and now he grasps the hem of his shirt and pulls it up over his head, pecs flexing. Cas stares at him with open lust, a wolfish grin on his face.
When he gets there, he gets greeted at the door with a kiss, and Dean wonders why he ever leaves. Cas tells him they're not scening today, which Dean pouts about, but really, he can't complain. They end up curled together on the couch watching The Incredible Hulk. They eat too much popcorn, and Cas licks the salted butter off Dean's lips. It shouldn't be sexy, but it is.
A shiver runs down Dean's back at the thought of being Cas's toy, and wow, he was not expecting those words to have that reaction on him.
Castiel murmurs a litany of endless praise and support, and Dean does eventually calm down from his nightmare, never ceasing the tight clutch he has on Castiel's shirt. He takes a deep, shuddering breath, and his tears flow to a stop. Castiel continues running his hand over Dean's back, holding him close.
Gabriel pops his head in wearing an impish grin which can only mean something has gone either terribly right for them or horribly wrong for someone else. "What is it, Gabriel?"
“I think our little bunny can tell the difference between being asleep and being awake, Sammy-boy,” the archangel said, “and I'm sure she'll only do it if she has another nightmare.”
As Dean glanced along the dashboard, something shiny caught his eye. There was a box sitting in the front seat. It was a gift, from the looks of the colorful wrapping paper and sliver ribbons. Dean's eyes narrowed at the rectangular box. Ha! So there
Clare quickly slapped his hand over Jude's open mouth to muffle his next words. He didn't want the angel to say something that could possibly be heard by other people in their family; especially his parents. With drunken Jude somewhat silenced, Clare hastily made a B line for Jude's bedroom. Once they were inside, the demon shut the door behind them and took a long breath. At least now they were finally alone. On the night of their wedding...
“Lots of dreams,” Jessica corrected with a nod, making her blonde curls dance around, “And Jude's room is right
“He went there because he made a deal to save your uncle Sam,” uncle Gabe explained, “Your dad was supposed to stay there forever... but the angels sent your Papa to save him.”
“Cas, it was not your fault,” Dean interrupted, bringing the poor angel’s rant to a stop. “If anything, it sounds like it was my fault, Dean’s fault, for even saying yes to Michael in the first place. It was sweet of you to give me and Sam a hunter’s funeral together. I appreciate that so much. I couldn’t have asked for more, baby –”
you information out of the goodness of my heart, I've got news for you. I don't have a heart, let alone one that gives freely. So the question then becomes; what are you willing to
Castiel's sight drifted to his husband next to him, where they shared an equal gaze of awe. Hearing that their own son – the same boy that had started out as nothing more than a helpless fetus inside of Castiel's grace – was stronger than God's first, handmade archangel was a stunning thing to comprehend. Castiel was mostly proud to learn that Jude was powerful enough to put archangels in their place. But it also terrified him to the core. If Jude's grace truly possessed that much raw, untamed power, Darkness could use it to wipe away the entire galaxy with ease. The whole of God's divine creation would be lost. Earth, Heaven, Hell, all of it would be gone.
Once his mouth was free, Jude used it to sloppily kiss the side of Clare's neck. The sensation tickled a little and made him bite down a laugh. Jude was trying to slide out of his jacket too, but the cufflinks were too tight and tangled the fabric around his arms. He flailed like a penguin for several minutes, which finally made Clare's laugh topple out. It was hilarious to see Jude trying to be sexy when he was absolutely hammered.
“Actually, Raph's not the brother I was talking about,” Gabriel admitted, sparing Sam a quick glance before stepping close to Crowley to whisper, “Have you seen Lucifer? In the cage?”
Dean noticed that everyone at the table was staring at him as he quickly and quietly shifted out of his seat. Luckily, Sam reclaimed the kids' attention when he left, keeping them occupied while Dean sneaked away to talk privately with his angel.
There was a look between Dad and uncle Sam that made Jude feel uncomfortable. Uncle Sam made a shocked and upset face but Dad stayed calm and gentle.
Gabe was sure that his sarcastic comments would get some kind of response from Naomi. But she just continued on like a professor in the middle of a lecture.
Gabe nodded and raised his hands in surrender. He didn't want to do that again, either. It wasn't worth seeing Jude upset. Not to mention the price of all the light bulbs they were going to have to replace. Dean's sight slowly returned to Castiel, who looked back at him with guilt.
“Were you planning to give Jessica a lecture, or are you going to turn it into 'show and tell'?” Sam whispered, arching a playful eyebrow.
Jessica gulped as she gazed into the crowd of ginger haired people before her. Where did they all come from? They were all holding luggage and looked so confused and appalled, as if they couldn't believe that Jessica just tried to molest Oliver in public. Around them, a few other strangers were watching Jess and Ollie too, including a few security guards and TSA agents. Color drained from Jessica's face as she blinked at all of the eyes on her. Oh, no. All of these people had just witnessed her attack Ollie like a cat in heat! They probably thought she was a slut or something!
Of course, Castiel didn't argue with the younger Winchester. If Sam needed to stop somewhere, then he would join him without question. But, in the back of his mind, Castiel had been secretly hoping to get back to Dean. After seeing the pure distress in the man's eyes earlier, the angel felt that he needed to comfort Dean further. But, if Sam wanted to make a brief stop beforehand, then Castiel had to oblige.
Uncle Sammy actually smiled at Gabe's comment. Aww. Jude always liked when the adults looked at each other like that. It was so sweet. Like watching romantic couples on TV.
The teenage boy was so afraid of getting hurt that he almost didn't realize that he had a safe landing. It took him several seconds to comprehend that he was being held by someone else... By
"So, which one of these do you like the most, Jessie-rabbit?" Papa asked again, golden eyes on the screen as he led the way inside, "You want your hair up? Down? Side-ways? Long curls? With braids?In a mohawk? A mullet?"
Jude glanced up at her but dropped his eyes back to the otters. He held them up and clicked their paws again.
Jude paused, holding the food in his mouth in shock. Wait, could that actually happen? Could food really get stuck in the umbilical cords? Or was Gabe just trying to be funny, like always? Even though he was pretty sure his uncle was joking, Jude still took extra time to chew his food before swallowing it. As he ate, Jude realized that he was sitting in a room with all of the adult angels in his family. Michael, Gabriel, and his Papa Cas, the best heroes that Heaven had to offer, were there – and strangely silent. It was odd to see them act so differently; especially uncle Gabe, who was usually a nonstop chatterbox. Jude assumed it had something to do with Lucifer, because he was their brother. And the subtle conversation that soon began seemed to confirm Jude’s guess.
But Jessica wasn't nervous. She was actually very eager to slow dance with her Ollie-pop for the first time. The teenage girl carefully stepped up to him and placed a hand on his shoulder, and held out her other for him to take. She could feel Ollie's whole body shaking under her grip, but he eventually took her free hand like a true gentleman. When his other hand found her hip, the two of them began to sway around with the song and smile at each other. Wow, it was just like the movies; like when the main character finally got to dance with their favorite person.
Castiel immediately slid his hand into Dean’s and allowed himself to be helped up. Part of him had questions about why he was there, if an angel could join Dean and Sam, if Dean knew about everything that happened since his death – but they all became unimportant. All that mattered was that he got to spent eternity with his favorite human.
Dean's eyes instantly narrowed. What? A surprise? From Cas? Oh, boy. This was sure to be interesting. At least it would be a welcome distraction from all these upsetting 'Jude' emotions.
“Aww. That's sweet, darlin,” he hummed, “You want some tissues? Need me to play ya a song on the world's smallest violin?”
"She might be," he allowed, "If she is, do you think she'd welcome him back with open arms after all these years? He's practically an adult now."
Crowley, as usual, glared after his mother as she and Bobby headed out the door. Their absence left a sizable, heavy silence in Clare's bedroom between him and Crowley. Clare knew where the discomfort was coming from. Though he had never said it to Clare's face, it was obvious that Crowley did not like Meg. If Clare had to take a guess, he would say that Crowley and Bobby's morning argument was probably about Meg, too. Honestly, Clare thought that Crowley was acting a little childish about the whole thing, but he didn't want to bring any of that up. Not on what was going to be the happiest day of his life.
Jude felt his heart beating firmly in his chest as he stared up at his fiance in awe. He felt like he was finally on the same page as Clare. He finally understood why Clare was actually happy to see Meg. Still, there were reasons to worry...
Castiel glanced around once more, taking in the sight of it all. Why did Dean want his opinion of this place? Was
“Y – yeah,” Sam breathed, shuffling over to look at a bookshelf with Jessica in his arms, “I – I love it... Holy crap, some of these books look
After what seemed like only a few minutes, Gabriel heard the bedroom door open. The archangel struggled to lift his head and blink toward the tall silhouette standing in the doorway. A low, humorous chuckle found its way to Gabe's ears; one of the most beautiful sounds in the world.
Jude gasped in utter excitement. Uncle Sammy was here! And Jessie! And uncle Bobby and Crowley! And Rowena and all their doggies!
Dean gulped hard before glancing out of the windshield. The sun was on a steady rise in the east and cars were still passing by without a care... and Dean felt like he could break out into song and dance. After seeing that little kid in his dream, an overwhelming sense of joy had taken root in Dean's heart and he suddenly felt like the happiest man on the entire planet.
Mr. Newman was murmuring halfhearted apologies as Sam forcibly escorted Gabe out of the office. Sam's heart was throbbing with pain but the only thing on his mind was getting Gabriel out of the building as quickly as possible. He knew that the archangel had more than enough power – and reason – to completely demolish the whole school and Sam wanted to spare the lives of all the people inside. The secretary at the front desk watched in terrified shock as Sam, Gabriel, and their dog left in cluster of glares and barking. Sam walked Gabriel all the way back through the main entrance and into the sunlit parking lot, where Gabe eventually took a deep breath and started to calm down.
Once the boys were quiet, Sam and Gabe turned their attention to Dean and Cas, who were both studying their new video camera like it was a foreign object.
The angel gave a firm nod. Any time Dean needed a reminder that he was his own important being, Castiel would always be there to recite the words. The man eyed the angel's lips as a more annoyed look crossed his face.
“After we did it and you fell asleep, I flew off and… and I brought out all my grace,” Jude explained, “All of it. So much that I nearly nuked Wyoming off the map. And it worked.”
Thank you guys sooo much for all your support! I love each and every one of you! And I hope you continue to enjoy the story! I will be here, bright and early, next week with a new chapter! It will be out soon! :)
Papa looked back and forth between Jessica and Jude for a moment, and Jude could tell that he was slowly giving in. Though he didn't like the idea of not consulting the rest of their family first, Pop could see that Jess was genuinely determined to talk to their grandpa. Eventually, Papa sighed and held his free hand out to Jude.
But talking to people? Interviewing strangers for cases, while wearing an uncomfortable suit? Not so much...
“Dammit Dickie! I told you to leave those nipples alone!” Gabriel scolded, “You can't play with those kinds of nipples! They're for the baby!”
“Listen, baby bunny,” Gabriel began as he reached up to cup her tiny little face in his hands, “You can't use your grace in front of strangers like that, okay? You can't fly or heal people around anyone except us.”
As Dean tossed the car into drive and began moseying up the driveway, he noticed that a pensive look was still lingering on Sammy's face. Had their conversation been interrupted too soon? Did Sam still have more questions to ask? Did he still need some comfort for his strange thoughts? Dean lifted a hand from the steering wheel in order to hold a fist toward his brother in the passenger seat.
For a moment after they came, Jude and Clare just laid on the twin-sized bed and breathed. Clare lazily kissed Jude's neck and shoulder while they caught their breath, and Jude stared hard at him. It was amazing how much different Clare's soul looked from his outside appearance. Both versions of him were equally beautiful, but in their own way. Clarence was like a walking contradiction. A demon by birth, but a saint by choice. Jude loved the dark, seemingly 'villainous' essence of Clare's soul, because it was proof that anyone could overcome harsh treatment and stereotypes to be who they
For a second, Sam couldn't even move. He just held onto his child and blinked into the night, shocked beyond words. Holy shit. Jessica just turned three fully-grown angels into glitter, just like Gabe told her to. And now the two of them were covered in the stuff! Jessica, whose eyes were back to their normal shade of green and brown swirls, smiled as she looked down at the shiny dust on her rainbow coat.
“I flew,” she admitted climbing back to her feet and holding out her hands, “Here, hold on to me. I think I can take us back.”
Dean and Jude both looked to the doorway, were Cas was standing silently. Neither of them knew how long the angel had been standing there, but judging by the wetness in Cas’s blue eyes, Dean figured it had been at least a few moments. With a wholesome expression, Cas walked over with open arms, wrapping Dean and Jude into a large group hug. Dean savored the moment, enjoying the mixture of Cas and Jude’s scents. It only stopped when Jude pulled back to cover a deep yawn.
kids would look just like them... Before he could get too caught up in his thoughts, Jude was tugged further along the line of people. Rowena greeted Clare with a warm hug as Bobby and Crowley looked on fondly.
Dean’s racy and humorous statement trailed off when he looked over to see Cas’s blank stare. There was no way the inept angel would ever understand what Dean meant unless the man spelled it out. To save himself the trouble and awkwardness, Dean just cleared his throat and walked quicker toward the next room.
“There are no demons down here, Dean,” the king assured as he glanced around. “Please help me search for Gabriel.”
"I'm having a good day, strangely enough! Around this time of year, those are kind of rare, you know. Everyone gets sick and
Dean needs to learn how to be happy with what he has. And right now, he has a job to do. He starts walking forward with a grin and a bounce in his step now, a pleasant ache in his ass making him think of Cas.
"Yes. The bees dance. It's really quite beautiful to watch. To me, anyhow. Not everyone feels the same."
“Yes!” Cas exclaims and turns them over until he’s leaning over Dean, raised above him. Dean licks his lips and does a little hip wiggle. Cas narrows his eyes.
Dean steps forward confidently under Cas's guidance, and when he reaches the wall, Cas spins him around until his back is pressed against it. He captures Dean's lips, enthusiastically making Dean forget his name. Cas's hands roam down to Dean's ass, where he grabs him by the asscheeks and hauls him upwards. It forces Dean up onto the balls of his feet, and his entire body is pressed against Cas. He moans into Cas's mouth, and with a final bite to his bottom lip, Cas pulls away. Dean hears the whisper of rope, and he offers his wrists up without Castiel asking.
"I see." Cain leans back into his black leather chair and touches his fingertips together, gazing at Castiel hard enough to make him uncomfortable. "I've never seen you like this,  Malaikat. You're very worried. Don't give me that look, you have every right to be. Love looks good on you."
Oh... Dean could probably smell something different now. "It smells amazing." He took another deep breath and sighed again. "What is it, Cas? Son of a bitch, you can't talk, can you? Here." There was some scrambling and then a phone was pressed into his hands. He rested his forehead against Dean's shoulder and looked down, the brightness of the screen hurting his eyes a little bit. He typed out a note in the notepad app and then handed the phone to Dean, praying that Dean would take it well. He had to.
"You know the best part about this vibrator I'm running over your cock? It has twenty different settings."
Dean trembles at the thought and tries to ignore the rising need to cum because he knows that Cas will stop when that happens. The vibrator moves from his perineum to the base of his cock, nestled against his balls. For the love of all that's holy, it starts pulsing. It has a rhythm, and it crumbles Dean's will to stay cognizant. Dean gives himself over to the sensations coursing through his body like thunder.
"They are rather- How do you know old I am?" Castiel's voice had gone dangerously soft. Something was going on and he wanted to know what. Dean winced. "I'm shit at this. Sorry. Look, you want the whole truth or you want a piece of it? If you want the whole then you need to be prepared because you're not going to like it."
Dean's thumb traces over Castiel's left eyebrow as the expletive leaves his mouth, and he looks down to see that Dean is looking at him worriedly.
B. Dammit Dean that's not something you can half-ass. Brother, an incomplete mating is dangerous and stupid. If I was there I'd kick your ass, you know that?
Dean lets it ring thirteen times before he hangs up. There’s a new feeling replacing the dread that settled there yesterday. It feels like emptiness. Maybe it’s over with Cas now. Dean did tell Cas to leave him alone, but… he had been sure Cas would answer.
"I'm glad I was able to. Thank you for bringing me." Dean smiles at his boyfriend's shy blush. "It's all good, Cas. I really don't mind. But don't tell Sammy I said that. I have a rep to keep up." Cas's amused smile warmed his blood. "Your secret's safe with me, Dean."
"I'll get her fixed up. You can wait in the lobby if you want, or you can go through that door there," He points to a far door in the corner, "And find Dean. He's working on his lil project in there like some kind of Einstein."
After a week in Sioux Falls, Dean bids his goodbyes and hits the road back to Kansas. Seven days of relaxation and quiet have been amazing, and Jody and Donna have been more than kind about his situation. It’s a melancholy goodbye, but Dean needs to get back.
With a deep sigh, he put the car into gear and pulls out of his spot. He doesn't want to go home, but he has nothing else to do in town today. And he's spending the night alone on top of everything else. Dean said he had to go home and get some things done around the house, so he wouldn't be over tonight, but he'd drop by after work tomorrow. By the time he realizes that he'll be alone until tomorrow, Castiel feels so incredibly lonely that he's almost smothered with the feeling. What's he supposed to do now? Before Dean, he was a fully functioning independent individual. Now? He feels as if part of himself is gone now, attached to Dean's side in a style of symbiosis he likens to commensalism. Castiel's not entirely sure it's healthy, but he's also not willing to change it for the sake of form. It's not worth it in any capacity. But still, feeling like this isn't quite normal, perhaps he should talk to someone. Who?
Dean rolls his eyes slightly at the words, but he's got a smile tugging at his lips now. This cute little dork angel could be his. Maybe.
It feels so good." Another finger slips inside, and it barely burns at all. He relishes the stretch. He starts thrusting his fingers in and out of himself quickly, making his cock bounce from the movement, and God, he wants to cum. He realizes he had said that out loud when Cas laughs.
"Is that your roundabout way of trying to see how old I am?" Cas gave him a small smile. "I suppose it is."
The bed dips behind him as Cas crawls in and lays behind him, wrapping his right arm around Dean's waist in a secure, firm hold. "Stop thinking whatever it is you're thinking. I can guarantee it isn't true."
"Do trust you, Sir," Dean mumbles, and Castiel grunts a little as he grabs Dean's hips and lifts him. Dean grapples his shoulders and opens his eyes wide.
Dean nods enthusiastically. "Yes, Sir." He moans when Castiel brings the tip of his cock into his mouth and swirls his tongue around the slit. He thrusts his hips abortively, and Castiel pulls away with an eyebrow arched. Dean calls it his Dom Brow.
When Castiel wakes the next morning, Cain is gone, but that’s alright. Castiel rolls over onto his left side and spots a glass of water and a note lying on his nightstand. In Cain’s spidery handwriting, it says, “
Dean laughed out loud. "Nope. I'm a little too gay to be homophobic, I think. I may or may not've been crushing on you since you moved in."
"Ca- Cas," Dean stutters, still shaking. Castiel runs his hand along Dean's back, rubbing gently. "It's alright. You don't have to tell me. But if you want to talk about it I'm here. I would never judge you."
"No, Dean. I'm not going to have you thinking that. I am a Dom, yes, but I am a person first. I am a boyfriend first when it comes to you. What a website tells you I might need is not necessarily true. Do I desire to have control? Yes. Do I crave it? Yes. Do I need it to be happy in a relationship? The answer is no. If we were to stop exploring that dynamic I would be happy to have you, Dean, regardless. I would miss it. But it would be worth it. It's not something I require. It's something I indulge in because I can because I want it. But not because I have to. Do you understand?"
They've been dating for a little over a year now, and Dean couldn't be happier. He and Cas work there way through the women's section and finally find themselves in the men's section. It's chock full of jeans and Nascar t-shirts. There's a big section full of overalls with boots sitting underneath them. Cas is the one that finds the coats. They're hanging on a long rack, and there's actually quite a few there. They're mostly puffy winter jackets with fur lining, and there are some hoodies and stuff. Cas is trying on a black coat, but it's too tight and he sighs heavily and puts it back. He's getting frustrated, which Dean understands, but it's kind of cute when Cas gets all flustered. It makes him want to kiss the frown away. Cas wanders down the aisle away from Dean, trying to find something. After a few more frustrating minutes Cas says exasperatedly, "Dean, none of these are right. I find one I like, but then it has plaid insides, or a mysterious stain across the back of it, or a bathrobe cord instead of a belt. This isn't working. We should just go home."
erupted from his phone, the vibration making the phone buzz and dance across the top of the kitchenette table. Sam lifted himself off the motel bed and set aside his laptop, tearing his attention from the information page he’d pulled up about sirens.
She stood there, leaning on the iron frame of the bed, her hand wrapped around the top, holding her weight. She wore a dark blue babydoll and a beige see-through chiffon robe, the fabric of the babydoll hanging off of her shoulders by thin strings and clinging to the curves of her breasts and hips. Dean had a very hard time focusing, trying to look at her face instead of the long, toned legs, the shining high heels, and broad shoulders. When he did manage to concentrate on meeting her eye, they were equally as mesmerizing.
Regina’s eyes watered again and she said through trembling lips, “S-She’s on a stress leave. After my sis…after she…” her breath hitched. “Ashley hasn’t been back to work since.”
In response, Cas captured his lips and leaned to the side, pulling him down onto the mattress in a tangle of limbs.
blaring from under the table cloth. While he fumbled for it and the others laughed at the boisterous interruption, Naomi leaned close to Castiel and whispered behind her wine glass, “Told you, babes.”
“Unlucky for him,” Charlie interrupted gleefully, “Ash was up there, controlling the lights. He swung that big spotlight to shine on Castiel, and clipped Raphael ‘by accident’—” she made finger quotes. “—So, whoops, the gun slid across the floor, and while Raphael was busy scolding Ash, Kevin was comin’ up the stairs with me! He grabbed the gun and smacked Raphie right in the back of the head. Went down like a sack of bricks.”
“Oh my god,” Dean said, snatching his hands away from Castiel and his brother. He threw his hands in the air and glared at Sam. “You kidding, man? Don’t you think we got bigger fish to fry?”
She hadn’t meant to get caught up in work. It was supposed to be her night off, for Christ’s sake! The angels were supposed to fend for themselves tonight when it came to costumes, but that’s what she got for showing up at work on a night off. Something was bound to go wrong and someone would undoubtedly come find her.
Cas stood there, on the edge of the stage, at the top of the stairs. Her head was splitting down the middle, her vision blurring around the edges. Still, she had to do one thing before she let this disease take her consciousness yet again.
Oh...dear God, this was happening. Castiel’s mouth flapped open and closed, and he looked around at his friends, who all grinned--even Naomi, who stood with her arms crossed and one brow raised expectantly.
between them. His eyes never left Dean’s unless they were kissing, lips slipping against each others’ or their tongues sliding into each other's mouths, exploring and often fighting for dominion. Dean would’ve been frightened he was hurting Cas if he had any kind of self-control or if Cas seemed to be in pain, but Cas was straight-up moaning, dirty, filthy, ragged and desperate. He accepted Dean’s erratic, aggressive thrusts with matching snaps of his hips and he ground himself into Dean, shuddering and shaking as he held him close, resting his forehead against Dean’s neck.
Kevin snorted, a wry smile on his lips. “Keep dreaming. Sleeping with Castiel is only a dream for those who can’t afford her high-end price tag. Unless you’ve got a twenty-carat diamond hidden somewhere in those old slacks, then you’re shit outta luck, Dean.”
She trailed off as she glanced at Sam and Bobby, who both looked disturbed at the description. Dean was sure they hadn’t forgotten it since Pam told them.
Dean signed and rubbed his forehead. “I should have brought my brother. He’s a lot better at this than me.”
Seemingly amused, Dean padded across the floor, his footsteps muffled by the carpet. Careful not to step on Jack, who had quickly dropped back to sleep on the floor by Castiel’s feet, Dean slid a leg onto the couch by Castiel’s thigh. His hand was warm and dry when he reached down and dragged his fingers through Castiel’s hair.
Feeling incredibly stupid and so embarrassed his vision felt like it was vibrating, Castiel lowered his wallet slowly, licking his lips—God, he was so thirsty. “Oh. Yes, of course.”
“That’s a relief,” Castiel muttered, raising his eyes to the ceiling. He almost didn’t mean to be heard, but when Dean huffed a bit in amusement, he dropped his eyes, locking them with twinkling green orbs that searched his face.
In a voice that was pride and reverence and warmth, he heard her words near his ear, clear and resounding:
The nephil inside him would shift and radiate calming energy, or at least, it would try. But the magnitude of Castiel’s grief was too big for the kind gesture of his nephil. The grief oozed from his pores and slid down his face in quiet moments when the angels left him truly alone. In the frenzy that had been their arrival in this unsettling universe, Castiel hadn’t had a moment to think. The second his feet had touched down in this universe, he’d been consumed with that heat, the unending feeling of wrongness and uneasiness. But now, when the heat was gone and he had nothing but his thoughts to occupy him as he sat in the bright white cell for hours upon days upon weeks, the rumble of misery echoed in Castiel’s mind every time he let himself indulge in memories.
Despite himself, Castiel caved and reached up, dragging his fingers through wet hair, carefully tucking an errant tuft behind Dean’s ear. “You don’t have to talk if you’re not ready.”
“Hey,” Dean said, and Castiel felt like smacking him for the amused smirk on his face. “Let’s try again. Hi, I’m Dean. I’m 31, and I own my own business. My half-brother is adopted because my dad cheated on my mom when we were younger and she was a fuckin’ saint, so she adopted my half-brother when his mom died. Also, I’d like to have a whole-ass drink with you, so how about we get out of here?”
Everyone in the shed was silent and Dean felt all of their eyes on him. Outside, he heard voices calling for Castiel and Hannah and Ishim.
’s premier show, it seems strange not to don the leading lady in something glamorous and spectacular. Dean, what’s your writer’s input? What’s your vision?”
“Oh,” she said, her shoulders relaxing. “Yes, I had sex with the reaper. It didn’t know he was a reaper at the time. Perhaps he wasn’t… I’m unsure when he took possession of that vessel--” Castiel paused, tapping at her bottom lip and looking thoughtful. “Which raises a variety of different consent issues, though I suppose him taking me in from the rain and having sex with me is also a consent issue. Humanity is very messy, I’m discovering, though I did enjoy the sex at the time. He brought my body to orgasm three times, I believe.”
Dean rose to his feet and ignored Sam’s hand as it snapped out and grabbed at his wrist. “Dean, don’t. Let him just—”
Uriel’s head tilted—she could see so out of her peripherals—and even though she wasn’t looking right at him, she knew the warning look on his face. It was confirmed when he said, in a tone that urged caution. “Castiel…”
“Move!” Bobby barked, and Sam stumbled back, away from Pam. Before either Winchester could react, Bobby pulled Pamela out of her seat and hoisted her up into his arms. Sam and Dean exchanged looks, their eyebrows shooting up their foreheads, impressed.
Castiel rolled him onto his back and felt her instincts take over, her movements modeled after the hundreds of times she’d done this with her clients. She slipped her hand under his waistband and stroked him with enthusiasm, biting her lip and making eyes at him, falling into her routine, slipping into her act without realising it. She moaned as she undid his shirt and pressed kisses to his chest after each button came undone. She winked at him when her mouth left a lipstick mark atop the light trail of blonde hair disappearing under his waistband. It was only when he reached up and to cup her face and still her hand with his, that she realised he knew. He knew she was replaying the same actions she did with everyone else.
Feeling numb, Dean let her go as she turned away, but as she began walking away down the dingy hallway, Dean said weakly. “But Celeste loves Daniel. That’s her reality. Ever since she raised him from Hell, they shared a profound bond. They fell in love.”
Deflecting, Dean grinned and raised a brow at his father. “You? Worried about a dog? I thought you hated dogs.”
Unfortunately, this angel-made room was sealed tightly. Not a crack in it was afforded to him in order to make an escape.
“Yeah,” Chuck said, his voice high. He was glancing at Dean nervously in the rear-view. Then, he said in a loud whisper, “He was having sex with her.”
Balthazar’s low laugh floated into the room from the balcony. “Of course, clever girl. Did you expect anything less? He is a businessman. A vicious, vicious businessman who also is asking for ten percent interest on investment, and ten percent of our cover fee for the next six months until opening night.”
Cas swayed a bit, the silver-y blue of her eyes faded away, and then she moaned, letting herself fold forward, forehead pressed against Dean’s.
Cas did purse his lips at that, but it was fleeting, because he shrugged, the flannel fluttering around his hips—Dean tried not to focus on that in the absence of a bulky trenchcoat. “I’m trying lasagna.”
Dean could practically hear the head tilt and it only made his chest feel more euphoric and warm with affection. “No, but I can make it easier.”
” Dean leaned forward to punctuate their karaoke with a kiss on Castiel’s chin, and their feet bumped as their hips swished. “
If Hannah came in there, she’d see that Dean wasn’t in his bed, and she’d see Castiel covered in come, his legs and ass glistening with spit, and lube. He was a mess.
Their noses bumped in a teasing nuzzle. “Then we’ll work towards that, but later. For now, I’m more than happy to have you inside me, Dean. I...want you. I’ve wanted you since we met.”
“Jack was our kid,” Sam said firmly, but when Dean looked over, Sam’s eyes on the pavement held no malice. After a moment, Sam’s brows softened and he admitted, “But, yeah, Cas was more of a dad to him than we were. Cas really took care of him like they were blood. Cas…” Sam adjusted the pile of books in his arms. “Cas never doubted him like we did. He always made Jack feel loved.”
His jeans and underwear puddled on the floor and he stepped out of the material, sliding a knee onto the bed and picking up the jar. “Roll over. Onto your stomach.”
“Call someone else,” Castiel replied curtly, her dry lips pressing together irately. “You have other hunters that are of use to you. I know you can find someone else.”
“Hmm, I see,” Naomi hummed, brows shooting up like she was having a casual, light-hearted think about something. Then she looked between Dean and Castiel, eyes twinkling with amusement. “Dumah, take Mr. Grace to Solitary.”
He took the heart from her and opened it, grinning at the half-dried glitter smeared all over it and a few broken curly pieces of macaroni glued haphazardly.
“I’m never letting you go,” he whispered, lifting a hand to drag it over Cas’ face gently, like he was frightened breaking contact with his skin would make Cas fade away, disintegrate into ash, pour through his fingers. “Not again.”
Dean couldn’t help but feel a swell of pride for his girl, but the feeling was damped when the duke got up in Balthazar’s face.
,” Castiel growled, pressing down at his crotch where Jack had stepped on every family jewel he possessed. Struggling to his feet, he stumbled over to the door and groaned, doubled over for a second before he pressed his hand to the scratch marks he no doubt had on his cheek from Jack’s little demon nails. Still groggy, he leaned forward and peered through the peephole, only to find it pitch black.
. It’s nothing like I’ve seen before. You’re grieving, certainly, but your aura is bigger than that. It’s… I mean, it’s hard to look at you. It’s like looking into the sun.”
Cas looked up at the sky, her hair falling back from her face. She pushed herself into a small swing, and Dean found himself copying her without meaning to. His heel rocked in the sand.
, Ashley. They started hanging out a lot over Christmas. My sister Tammy and her partner, Joana, were having a rough spot, y’know? My sister was a good person, I swear. But they were fighting and around Christmas money always gets tight for them so, I mean… Well, we all usually hope they don’t show up to family things together because it always ends in bickering. It’s uncomfortable. So…”
Beside him, another masked hunter yanked down their face cover. This time, Dean did burst into tears. As Sam pulled him into a crushing hug, Dean hiccuped and allowed happy tears to run down his face.
An eyebrow rose over the top of Dean’s black wayfarer-style sunglasses. “And she’s here to...babysit you?”
“I told you,” Naomi insisted, her face twisted in a pained grimace as she rose to her feet. “It hurts me to see you taken advantage of. You should be with someone who appreciates you for who you are, who cares about you and loves you, like—”
Dean’s palms started to sweat as he sat back on his heels, and he rubbed at his jeans stretched across his thighs. Irrationally, he wondered if that deal was off the table for some reason and he’d misspoke. “If you want, I—Oof!”
“Then let’s go,” Dean murmured, sniffing against the cold and turning on his heel, leading Sam, Hester, Rachel, Andi, Hannah, and Cas into the woods.
have to be sad about? He’d brought this onto himself. His trembling chin only made Castiel more angry.
Reaching up to butt the cleft of Castiel’s chin with his knuckle, Dean shook his head, his eyes glittering fondly. “It’s definitely a favourite of mine. But hey, there’s a whole list of porno settings we could try out. You got a favourite?”
“Castiel,” Uriel barked quickly, speaking over their boss after clearing his throat loudly. He straightened the collar of the crisp white dress shirt under a black blazer—no doubt paired with loose shorts or potentially just boxers just south of the webcam frame, “if you wouldn’t mind staying on the call, I’d like to go over the new hire information you recently inputted into the system.”
Everyone looked at him, mouths open. Charlie looked mortified. “I hadn’t even thought about that. I was so worried about Castiel that I didn’t even think of the investor. Oh, shit. We...we gotta go! We gotta go to her rooms and try to stop this.”
Ash clapped his hand down on the table and jerked his head up and down, his cigarette bobbing precariously. “Sure did. You want a job? We got those. Malls, cities, concerts. There’s an In-N-Out like five minutes up the road. McDonalds is actually
The crowd cheered and clapped as she obviously had made her choice, leaning over the table and pausing so her face was inches from the Duke’s.
They held a stare, and then Cas nodded, descending the steps to stand beside Sam, her face turned towards him. Within the blue of her eyes, stormed something he couldn’t put a finger on.
The two grown men shook with laughter, their noises crinkling up as they chuckled silently and pressed their foreheads together. Dean cuddled closer to Cas, still on top of him.
The monster bared its teeth, and in the lantern light they looked sharp and pointed. The monster’s eyes flashing in the light like a cat. Or a snake, Dean thought, eyeing its scales peeking up from the lifted scalp.
Pam reached across the front seat of the pick up truck and pinched Bobby’s cheek, though she smiled at him. “Same as it was the last three times you asked; just fine,” she replied with a laugh in her tone. “Headache is all gone.”
Again, Uriel reached up and smoothed her tie, his hand sliding down her front, his fingers dipping between the buttons of her shirt to brush the skin of her chest. His dark eyes flickered upwards and he murmured, “One noise from you while Dean is here, Castiel, and I’ll ensure that I give into my curiosity to see if Dean Winchester really was with you for the sex, do you understand?”
Fuck. What did he say to that? She seemed, for the first time since he met the woman, to be completely honest.
Sam looked up from his laptop and looked over at Dean from the passenger seat. “Yeah, dude. I mean, you’ve been sleeping like the dead for seven hours straight, but you’re otherwise pretty damn alive. We thought you were in a coma, but Cas said you were fine.”
Zachariah rolled his eyes, though he was quick to replace them on Daniel and Celeste, who were entangled in a passionate kiss. The writer’s brother, Sam, grabbed Castiel by her waist and lifted her off her feet as their lips met over and over, her trench coat swirling around her knees. Blood dripped from her hand onto the stage.
The leader’s bullets hit home, blasting the angel in the chest and throwing him back, sending his body thumping back against the pavement. Dean watched in fascination as the angel’s vessel burst, white light rumbling from it through the street and leaving behind a smouldering corpse.
, Castiel. And the very second that womb is vacant, those legs will spread. And if they don’t, we will pry them apart. I will
It turned out, the dairy farm was exactly how it sounded. They were being lined up, confined, and milked like cows.
“We need someone to do Benny’s old part! I’m sick of trying to watch Ash slur his way through every line, it’s maddening!” the older man snapped irately.
Well, he threw his script into the hole in the ground. Dean heard the rolled up paper hit his bed and he shook his head, pinching the bridge of his nose for a moment.
“Before Dean came back,” Anna answered. “Grooming Samuel for Zachariah and Uriel. Grooming him to trust her, to let her in so she can spy for our fearless leaders. Think about it. Ruby would have never been privy to my existence, yet she led them straight to me, hoping to get me before Alastair did. Hoping the Winchesters would keep me safe long enough for you guys to come collect me.”
Ishim’s hand squeezed around Castiel’s shoulder. “My friend, your child or not, you did your best to protect him. You’ve never given any angel in this community less than your very best. You...You get attached. Knowing who they are, it may blind you, it…”
Crackling with power, Castiel glanced at Jamie, then glanced up at Dean. Even in a different vessel, it was undoubtedly Cas. His eyes glowed, still dimming down after a display of grace. The three of them stared for a moment, then Sam yelled from downstairs.
Dean’s mouth dropped as he approached the commotion. He couldn’t decide where to rest his eyes at first. Balthazar looked ready to lunge at the police chief, Zachariah was standing beside him, silent but wearing a murderous look on his face, and Castiel was sitting on one of the chairs between them, her face dark and stormy.
While Castiel wanted to hate this angel with the same fervor that he hated the other alphas, his heart did sink with the weight of sympathy. Gadreel was a prisoner here, too.
His heart rate picking up, Castiel dropped his hand to his side, the water bottle crunching and crackling in his hand as he squeezed it.
In the darkness of his bedroom, the blue light from the computer no longer illuminating him, Dean sat silently. He squeezed his eyes shut, his thoughts beginning to move too quickly, spinning so fast that he couldn’t keep track of what he was seeing. Something tugged at his mind, pulling at it like it demanded attention, and Dean thought it felt like he was trying to remember something that never happened. It was like it hurt to think and nothing he could do would stop the spinning of thoughts and emotions in his head, so quick and dizzying that it pained him to be present. He raised his hands to his head, palms pressing at his temples. Blood rushed in his ears and—
“Prayer,” Dean repeated, releasing a sarcastic huff. “Prayers don’t call down angels. Trust me,” Dean muttered bitterly, “I’ve tried that. You get a buttload of bupkis.”
as they snapped. The sigils in the handcuffs glowed and then smouldered, smoke rising in wisps. The chains were broken, each half now swinging under Castiel’s wrists, tapping at his thighs.
The blade retreated and Barbara allowed Cas to reach out and take tiny Leia from where she slept against the grey tweed blazer worn by the Zchitri’s meatsuit. Leia’s big blue eyes opened slowly, and she fussed, her tiny fists rubbing at her face clumsily as Cas pulled her close.
The two stared at each other, Dean’s face hurting from smiling, and Castiel’s probably hurting from trying not to smile.
She snapped him out of the emotional reverie by sliding her pants off her hips and throwing them aside. She quickly made to take off her shirt, but Dean lurched forward and grabbed her hands, pulling them away. While her brows furrowed at him, and a question began visibly dancing on the tip of her tongue, Dean pushed the shirt up slowly, bunching up the Rob Zombie design in his fists until he was staring at smooth sternum, and two modestly-sized breasts that rose and fell with every one of her breaths. Again, he’d seen her naked before, but he’d missed small details before to a swarm of bees. He much preferred this, being able to notice stuff like a small birthmark above one of her light brown nipples, and freckles smattered over her abs, and the Enochian tattoo over her ribs.
Minutes later, once Castiel had taken over the show and distracted the patrons, Balthazar slid into the seating area.
“How can you…” but she trailed off, and her features closed off, her mouth pressing into a thin line. Her eyes went hooded and Cas shook her head, turning away.
When the door closed, Dean sat up and threw his legs over the edge of the mattress, pulling away the ugly green comforter atop his bed. He crept over to the window and pushed aside the curtain.
Uriel, in a show of dominance, had told Castiel to wait outside, to guard the church. It had been so obvious. Dean had been surprised he hadn't spotted Uriel's dick hard as rock from ordering Cas around. It was clear as day that the angel had been waiting years to pass Cas in the ranks, and was enjoying ordering her around way too damn much.
"Take one," Castiel insisted, popping open the top and shaking one small tablet into his own hand. "Come now. Swallow, and then we'll wait for it to kick in."
“I know,” Naomi admitted, licking at her lips and raising a hand to tuck hair behind her ear. Raising her round blue eyes, she winced. “I know that. I knew that. I...know. It’s just—” He watched her take a heavy breath, her shoulders raising, before they dropped like weights had rolled off of them and thudded to the ground.
“I was kid,” he replied, shrugging. “Kids exaggerate stuff. But there was only one. Maybe I said there were lots because this one had three heads.”
She was fucking him in her dressing room. Dean sat on her bench in front of her mirror and she sat in his lap. The short red dress she’d been wearing at rehearsal still on her body, puddled around her hips and over Dean’s. She rode him enthusiastically, sliding up his cock before dropping down quickly, twirling her hips once he was so deep that he could hardly tell where she ended and he began. She held him close, her forehead on his shoulder. He knew, when she did this, that she was trying to make their interaction purely physical. They were fucking, not making love.
Sam’s hands were firmer when they turned Dean just enough to see Ishim trudge up to Cas and Hannah, who were helping a limping Hester over to a van that had been spared, helping her sit in the open trunk as Rachel’s helpers threw a blanket around her shoulders.
Charlie and Kevin saddled up beside Dean, on either side, wriggling their fingers by their faces, doing terrible impersonations of creepy things that went bump in the night.
The shopkeep went back to his...well, whatever the hell bookkeeping he was doing in the stupid notebook.
“So you’ve been out for a while?” Dean asked, looking disappointed somehow, his brows twitching together.
Somewhere, Meg moaned. Claire cried quietly, frightened. Hannah’s sobbed wildly. Sam, Ash, and Kevin returned, their footsteps trampling, then coming to a hard stop somewhere to his right. Dean had to be pulled away from Cas, his skin drained of colour, tears shining over his face and neck.
On the floor of Heaven, with Dean’s hand under her face, Castiel went still, the gurgling in her throat lessening. Her eyes slid shut, taking all the colour in the room with her. Her head felt heavy in his palm.
“Castiel...I would want nothing more but for you to come back to the bunker with me. You and Leia.” His hand twisted in the restraints, and his thumb jutted back at nothing. “This place? Ann Arbor? This is
Castiel stood with one hand on the door, the other pressed against her temple, her eyes squeezed shut. She was breathing heavily.
Before the demon could even blink or jerk back, the demon blade slid out of Dean’s sleeve and fell into his palm. He grabbed her by the hair and pressed the blade up to her neck.
“No one said anything about cooperation,” Naomi said calmly, half turning to look at him over her shoulder. Her silver eyes flickered to the other angels. “Gadreel will be here shortly. Get him cleaned up and do whatever it takes to make the implantation successful… Feel free to exercise whatever force necessary.”
Dean was sent into a frenzy, too, spinning on his heel and hunting down his abandoned t-shirt as Cas found and put on his pants frantically.
Castiel's brow raised. “Yes, I imagine he’d have a good grasp of the character.” Her eyes swept down Dean’s body and then back up to his face, defiantly.
Dean had the decency to look embarrassed, and nodded. “Guess that’s why you made us get all dressed up and said we had to be here for six-PM sharp?”
Castiel felt his legs shake as his orgasm was pulled from him very quickly. He kept his eyes closed, unable to handle the shame and embarrassment of the entire situation. He found himself wondering what went so wrong with the world, and wondering if he’d really deserved this inhumane punishment, but his mind quickly when blank as he rode out waves of pleasure forced on him by clinical hands.
you? This is what I get for trying to make you see that you’re wearing rose-coloured glasses? He hasn’t told a single fucking soul about you, not even his own
Naomi’s heels clicked towards them, and he prayed that not only would she ignore them, but that she’d walk right by them.
Over time, Dean twined his arms around his rescuer, clinging back. One hand gripped tightly, his fingernails digging into warm, smooth flesh. He gave in.
“Cas is here?!” Uriel said, his deep voice cracking as he tried to sound shrill, his hands waving around like a fangirl. “Quick, do I look good? Is my hair alright?”
Before anyone could say anything, Castiel inhaled roughly and started crying into Dean’s shoulder. “I couldn’t do it. He-he put his hands on me and I realised I couldn’t go through with it. H-He wants to take me away after opening night, away from New York and...and…I can’t. Not after you. I can’t go back to him, Dean. He’s evil, he-he—”
HIs arm made it through the door that tried to slam and Dean screamed at the burst of pain in his shoulder as it was trapped. On the other side of the door, an angel barred their teeth and flared their grace at him from behind their eyes. He and Dean both struggled as the angel tried to force Dean away from the door while dodging swipes from the angel blade in Dean’s hand.
The room fell quiet again, but only because Castiel released a shuddered sob and reached forward, his fingers shaking as they brushed down Andi’s face, pushing a blood-curled lock of hair from his temple. Ishim watched mournfully, his jaw jumping.
you are, but you’re not. You’ve been a stain on this mission because you have given into doubt. I have to teach you a lesson; one so strong it will remain fixed even after you’ve forgotten me. I have to remind you who you are; you are an angel, not a human.”
“Oh, I do enjoy a little role play,” Castiel whispered, leaning in a bit, her eyes flickering down to Dean’s lips.
He caught her eye, noticing her gaze sweeping up over his body. Dean felt paralyzed as her surveying stopped at his eyes and she bit back a smile, her teeth running over her bottom lip.
“Because we’re friends,” Dean said with a chuckle, though the last thing he felt was amusement. Looking at this woman, friends was the last thing he wanted to be with her. Even when she was mad at him, with her lips pursed and jaw clenched, and her eyes narrowed, she was still everything he wanted. But alas, friends was better than nothing. If she could agree to that…
“We should turn the water off. We should...stop.” Castiel slid away from Dean, ducking out from under Dean’s hands. “The Impala is half-covered in soap, Dean. We should finish here before—”
By this point, Dean was staring out the passenger window, his forehead pressed into his propped-up palm.
“I’ll do my best not to screw things up then,” Sam said bluntly, as Dean re-entered his apartment. Dean couldn’t see his face, but he could just imagine his mouth pressed into a thin line and his jaw jumping. Roughly, Sam added, “You were the one who chose to follow me. You didn’t have to.”
Dean jerked his head towards the French doors leading out to the balcony. “Gonna just go for a little walk.”
“It hardly matters now,” Castiel said, pushing herself to her feet after pulling her hand away from Uriel’s fist with a disgusting squelch. Her hands were still shaking, blood streaking her coat, dripping all over the floor. “Pick up my blades. We’ll return upon further discussion with the garrison.”
Then he’d written Celeste to be shy. She was this coy, but curious creature who hardly spoke and just walked circles around Daniel. She couldn’t believe that she’d been able to raise him from Hell.
Maybe Dean didn’t mind the shadow of stubble, because he was eyeing Castiel’s face with a pleased twinkle. “Nah.”
Dean’s brain was cramping just trying to figure out the logistics of it all, so instead he muttered under his breath, “Explains why Jimmy Novak was hangin’ out at the Roadhouse.”
Dean dropped. His back thumped against the door, his legs trembling as he slid to the floor. He heard himself sniff wetly and his eyes stung with tears.
Ultimately, it wouldn’t matter because he was getting their asses out of the universe. He was gonna find a way to rip open a goddamn portal, even if he had to do it with a butterknife, and he was gonna bring Jack back from the dead so Cas wouldn’t have that fucking haunted look in his eyes anymore.
While he knew she made a living speaking this way to men, Dean couldn’t help but feel very much flattered. “Right,” he nodded, walking back into the room and approaching her, his anxiety rising as the distance between them lessened. He stopped at the corner of the bed, his hand resting on the rail. She was close enough now that he could see the bright blues of her eyes and smell her perfume. He realised now that seeing her from a distance at the show had been a disservice. Her face was ridiculously beautiful and her eyes were captivating.
“Good. We’re heading to the caf, there’s a riot. Prisoners running everywhere. A few of ‘em have guns,” a guard said, pausing beside Hannah.
Stopping behind Castiel, who looked like he would rather be the one lying lifeless in the mud, Zachariah leaned down near Castiel’s ear and said loudly as he pointed to Andi’s body, “You don’t remember, so let me remind you. This one? This one was your youngest! He was so small, so fragile. I find it quite fitting and poetic that he’d come into this world and leave it in your arms, covered in blood.”
“Is Dean here?” she asked primly, stopping in the living room and looking around, her sandy ponytail swishing at her shoulders.
Dean did nothing else but nod and be appreciative of the night breeze blowing in through his windows, cooling the sensation of heat on the back of his neck.
Castiel paused, ceasing the scrubbing of his carpet, staring down at the sudsy patch where Jack had thrown up something that looked suspiciously like nougat and toilet paper. “I have no interest in millennials on acid.”
Dean remembered the golden light that shone from his palms, and the power that had thundered through his body, bursting from his hand, destroying Alastair. Suddenly, the answer was clear.
The lines around Sam’s eyes deepen and he nodded, “Yeah. It’s pretty horrible. This all seems incredibly sexist. Or prejudiced. Or…whatever the word is. It’s just pretty shitty. I feel gross just reading it.” Sam threw the old, faded textbook on top of his pile of books and pushed his hair back, running his fingers through it, a tell-tale sign that Sam was annoyed. “How can anyone call this a textbook? This hardly reads like objective biology or science. It’s more like some old sexist dude telling people how to live.”
“Meg does have a point, though, Dean,” Charlie pointed out, her voice warning. “You’ve been watching Castiel since she walked into the room. Be careful. She doesn’t do, uh, relationships or any of that. She’s very professional, very private. Other than Meg, I’ve never seen her pursue anyone and even that I think was kind of a fluke.”
“Me?” Castiel asked, poking himself in the chest, grunting a bit when the large water bottle in his grasp thumped against his sternum.
“Love you, too,” he murmured into her shoulder. “You going to tell me why you’re being such a weirdo?”
They both remained in their positions: Castiel laying back on the Impala, and Dean panting between his legs.
“I—” Alastair was looking quickly between his arm as the burning red moved upwards, and the tips of his fingers turned to ash, dissolving into the air. “I-I don’t know! STOP THIS WITCHCRAFT!”
“Who knew handjobs could feel so bad?” Dean said, obviously trying to lighten the mood, though he too struggled up onto his bed after he turned away from Castiel’s, hissing as he hoisted himself up onto the mattress. Castiel opened his eyes for a moment to see Dean pale, his lips looking a bit grey.
“I could give you a hand--” her fingers began creeping in through the front of his pants again, “--to get your inspiration flowing.”
Again, Naomi breathed loudly into the phone. “So does this mean you’ll go all doe-eyed and weak-kneed and end up sucking his cock in the stockroom?”
But the treatment he got when he entered “The Facility”, the officials called it, made his vision blur and his chin tremble a bit.
“What will she do with her life once she’s cast out from heaven?” Zachariah asked, suddenly cool, his calculating gaze on Dean. He moved like a snake. ”She’ll be nothing, she’ll be no one. Why would she ever choose a hunter?”
Castiel shot up to his feet and walked away, unsure where he was going until he ended up turning back around at the mouth of the small hallway leading to his room. He didn’t know what he was doing, but he wanted to put space between himself and Naomi and Sam’s phone and Dean’s horrible, mean-spirited mockery.
“Yes, I am disgusting. How did you know?" Dean asked jokingly. “Have you been in communication with my exes?”
"But I could become that thing again," Dean said through his teeth. His hands began to shake in his pockets. "To make me torture again? If you make me pick up a blade and carve into someone with it, you don't know what kind of person I'll become. You don't know if I'll put the blade back down."
Castiel shrugged. He felt small and vulnerable as her big blue eyes swept his features, watching them all slowly in turn. Still, despite  how his fear of her knowing his hallucinations made him feel vulnerable, weak, dirty… Her presence was calming.
“Where did you go?” he asked. His eyes were wet again, shining. Jamie wondered how often he upset himself these days. He gestured to the door and struggled to speak for a moment, before he asked, “What was so important that you couldn’t tell me? That you had to just take your wallet, and phone, and the clothes on your back to just leave. I-I thought it was my fault for a good while there—you know, for talking about Castiel.” Jimmy’s entire body seemed to sag an inch or two, and he stared at her, a tear sliding down his face. “You had no one left, your husband was dead, and your brother was crazy, talk about some angel he saw when he was small.”
Staring at the spot where Cas had been, Dean felt a bit sick. Anna stirred at his side, and her hand slid down to Dean’s, their fingers linking. She began to turn away, pulling him with her.
With a slow nod, Castiel looked over at Missouri, who was watching him already, and they exchanged soft smiles. She winked and folded her hands in her lap, staring up at the picture of John Winchester propped up beside the open-casket as she murmured to Charlie beside her.
“I know what you and Dean do in the shadows,” Uriel whispered against her hair, into her ear, his voice dark and rasping, “I know about the thirst you fulfill for him, Castiel. And tonight, you’ll do so for the last time. This time, it’ll not only purify him, but it will purify the world.”
“Great suggestion,” he said, looking down at their feet, and followed her lead as she stepped from side to side. “I’m, uh, really nailing this.”
“It unlocks every door out of the building,” she explained. “It’ll get you out in case someone has deactivated Hannah’s, since, um, since she punched a punch of guards in the face, and, um, shot a lot of people.”
—” Her face was twisted in anger, shining and red. Spit speckled her lip. “He was perfect, but he was an omega and he chose to fall with you. He chose
“Come on, man,” Winchester whispered near his ear as they limped out of the room. “Let’s get you back to the room.”
Dean ignored his brother, dismissing him with a little stiff wave of his hand. He maneuvered through the tables, pausing to let people pass him, and slinking past a few couples that made their love known aggressively. Pausing at the doorway to the balcony, Dean suffered a moment of uncertainty, watching Castiel lean on the thick stone barrier as she listened to Balthazar speak to her. Bravery leaving him, Dean ducked out of sight, though he could hear their conversation clearly from this side of the room, far from the music player that played a jaunty, jazzy tune.
A man with tousled and slightly sweat-damp dark sandy hair, stubble, a jawline like George Clooney, and softly broad shoulders grinned at him. “Dunno, thought I’d try it. Get it, because we’re in Heaven?”
In her eyes, he could see the reflection of gold. From Dean's palm, shone a light. Small, hot like fire, but inexplicably his.
Dean’s scream had been absolutely, one-hundred-and-fifty percent worth it. Sam had heard it from the kitchen, and smirked at his eggs, unable to read the news on his phone as the device trembled in his hand. His shoulders shook with laughter.
just another client. Zachariah De Angelis is fucking revolting. He’s abusive, and manipulative, and he’s everything I despise in humanity. He’s a creep, Kevin. He’s a snake who doesn’t respect her.” Dean smacked his hand down on the table and snapped, “He doesn’t even
She raised a gloved hand to her neck, pressing the back of it just under her jaw and swallowing repeatedly. “It happened, didn’t it?”
Dean did, indeed, go down on her as per her request. He worked her open like he’d been made for it--which, knowing who’d rebuilt him in Hell--he probably had. She spread her legs for him with the enthusiasm of someone who didn’t care, or in her case, probably didn’t know to care about decency. And Dean reciprocated the enthusiasm by moaning into her, his tongue buried in her deep, tight heat. His tongue licked her hungrily, both with the firm tip of his tongue and the flat of it, and he rubbed in circles around the hard nub that sat like a crown atop her pink, glistening pussy.
When the door swung open, Bobby scowled at the boys, scanned Anna, and then his eyes narrowing at Ruby. He pointed at her with his usual answer-the-door shotgun.
Castiel licked her dry lips and stepped back. Gracefully, she sat back on the edge of the bed and crossed her legs, smoothing the black skirt over her thighs. Smoothing her tie with one hand and gesturing between them with the other, she lamented, “I won’t have you both. One of you is dark, and I can’t taint myself. I am, after all, an angel. I can only be with a servant of Heaven, and there is only one chosen Winchester.” As the boys turned their heads to stare at her, she shrugged and sighed, “Perhaps you both should decide amongst yourselves who will serve Heaven, and most importantly, who will have me.”
She stood outside the church on the steps, watching the empty street, breaths she didn't need to take forming clouds in front of her face. It was quiet on the dirt road at the end of the drive. That was why they'd picked this location; it was abandoned, far from other humans, and miles away from earshot. No one could hear the screams coming from inside the church. No one would come check, no one would call the authorities.
“I…” Pamela looked between Bobby and the angel, then nodded. “Yes, I prayed to you when Sam didn’t answer his phone. Neither did Dean. I know you’re with them, and I just got a strange feeling…” Pamela gestured to the angel, who was staring at her wordlessly, her eyes narrowing further. “Have you found the siren?”
Dean swept a hand out towards the windows, his face contorted in confusion. “So go be an actress out there! You don’t need to be an actress in Heaven. We can… We can run away, go somewhere else. We can do it together, help you become an actress in a way that is entirely your own. You don’t need Heaven.”
“It feels unfair that I get one and you don’t,” Castiel said as Dean moved towards the door. “Didn’t you have something to photocopy?”
you leave and not plant surveillance?” Uriel mocked, his shoulders shaking again. “We’ve been privy to your every move, Castiel. We know the name of every angel in your ranks, dead or alive. We’ve known about every move you’ve made for eleven years. Every car you drove and farmhouse you squatted in. Even every bank account. We’ve been following you, waiting for a time when you’d become truly useful…”
Unfortunately, the smile faded and Cas shifted on his feet, resting the heel of his palm on the doorframe to avoid spreading sauce further. “What, um—” His tongue darted out over his lips. “—did you come see me for?”
“You have youth,” the man replied gruffly. “You have youth and strong sperm. I have grey hair, useless swimmers, and this bullshit to put up with. Shut your trap, and just keep putting one foot in front of the other.”
These thoughts kept Dean up at night. Well, other than the times when memories of Hell and waking up in a pitch black grave woke him up with a scream on his tongue or in a sweat so heavy it soaked his sheets. Often, he preferred to not sleep at all. Or, if he was desperate, he’d drink from the mickey stashed between his bedside table and whatever musty motel bed he slept in. A good hour of taking a few mouthfuls of whiskey typically helped lull him to sleep, though the mornings after were never good.
Castiel stared, blinking and tilting his head a bit, unsure what to say. Was...Dean inviting him to a concert? He hadn’t really
“Dunno ‘bout that,” Dean whispered breathlessly, busying himself by taking a deep drink from the bottle and turning his face away. He reached up and brushed at his face, catching a tear drop before it hit his cheek. “I know the angels sure hate me.”
“I told you I’ve never been on a date with a man before,” Castiel joked, grinning a bit, slowly pushing himself up onto his elbows on the beach towel. He stared out at the white sand and clear blue water as Dean dropped himself down onto his own towel. “How was I supposed to know naps are discouraged?”
“I knew in all likelihood that the warding had been changed by the alphas in order to smuggle human omegas through the gates,” Castiel explained lowly as the team of angels followed his orders, trudging quickly down a corridor and disappearing. With a second glance at the aghast Winchesters, he added with raised brows, “Stop staring at me like that, I would not have risked you both if I wasn’t almost entirely sure.”
Only when they walked through the door of the quaint motel, just within the west border of Ann Arbor, did Sam speak up.
Four minutes after he’d abandoned the door, the statue of cupid was being hurled at the wall. Five minutes later, a chair, then another chair—but the wall didn’t budge. It didn’t even chip or crack. He was ripping down paintings and pulling books from the bookshelves, hoping one of them was some kind of lever or hidden exit.
Of course Dean wanted to watch it—when they weren’t watching Friends, Dean was always trying to convince him to delve into horror movies.
Her well-groomed brows knit together. “You don't look well. You're all red and sweaty and your lips are white.”
Sam raised a hand and ran his fingers through his hair, seeming to let go of some anger. His face looked sombre.
She clapped the top of the cab, and Dean’s howl of laughter mixed in with the rest of the group’s as the taxi sped off into the night.
Again, the nervous feeling returned to Castiel’s stomach as he did as he was told, rolling onto his stomach. His cock was sandwiched in between his stomach and the heating pad, which he did not mind, but then Dean curled his fingers around Cas’ hips and urged him onto his knees. A nervous, pointed breath was pushed out between Castiel’s lips as the butterflies in his stomach flapped harder. He was on his hands and knees by the time Dean rested a gentle hand on his back.
Dean was a weak, pathetic fucker. He needed the blood to feel strong, to feel normal. Without it he felt empty, angry, hungry, lost. After drinking almost all of the crossroads demon, he felt sated. He actually felt like himself, but better, more improved. He felt stronger, better, faster, more sharp. He felt like he could see better, hear better. The demon blood, as fucked up as it sounded, probably would make him a better hunter. A hunter that his dad would be proud of.
how to be hot,” Dean growled, his voice gravelly and low, his eyes dragging down Castiel’s body, lain down on the hood of the car. Dean leaned to the side, ducking away for a moment, pinning Castiel to the car with his thighs and pelvis, pressed tightly between Castiel’s legs.
Uriel dropped his hand from the peephole and swept into the apartment, pushing past Castiel and stepping over Jack, who bounced up to snap at his hands.
When she reached up and tugged his hands from his face, he saw her wince of sympathy through the blur of his vision.
“Nice to meet you, ma’am,” he said after swallowing the drink, which was both the tartest and sweetest drink he’d ever held on his tongue. He was used to bitter ale, not this bubbly rich man’s drink. After smacking his lips and hoping Sam would bail him out, Dean smiled at her again and said casually, “I didn’t know Ash’s mother worked here.”
With a small sigh against his mouth, Castiel kissed back, a hand slipped over Dean’s waist, the other reaching up to hold his chin in her hand, guiding his mouth to open wider so she could slip her tongue against his. It was demanding, but it made his heart pound against his chest harder, and his stomach to flutter blissfully.
