Dean rubs the back of his neck. “You ever—think about spending more of your time coordinating? Assigning cases, checking up on people, helping out with the lore. Instead of—I dunno, being out in the field all the time.”
, Dean thinks. He reaches out for one of the coils, praying it isn't coated in fucking acid or something, and wraps right hand around it.
“Wait here for me,” Cas tells him, like Dean’s in any state to try to scale a thirty-foot cliff right now. Cas rises to his feet in a single fluid motion, and the next instant he’s gone, and Dean’s alone. Again.
, this is worth all of it, every choice Castiel's made, every ounce of Heaven's favor lost, everything he's given up, for this man warm against his mouth, holy on his tongue—
Castiel levers himself up onto one elbow, gritting his teeth with the effort. "Dean," he gasps. "You...you came."
Dean swears softly under his breath. He rocks forward on the bed, and for a moment Castiel braces, ready to take his weight, but Dean doesn't lean into him, just bows his head and sits, quiet, his body angled towards Castiel.
“Ah...short elderly lady, stylish hats, carried a handbag? The Men of Letters captured her before we inherited the Bunker, we didn’t know she was stuck here until a couple months ago.”
“Are you alright,” Cas asks him. His gaze tracks over Dean’s body and the tenderness in it pulls at Dean. He wants to say no. He wants to say,
Cas begins to scream almost immediately, eyes rolling wildly beneath their lids. His body thrashes against the belts and Sam grunts as he has to lean all his weight onto Cas's shoulders to keep the angel from jack-knifing up against the restraints. Dean keeps his eyes fixed determinedly downward, and keeps going.
Thank you so, so much to everyone who has been following along with this story and who has left kudos/comments. I loved writing this fic, but it was so different in scope and scale than anything I'd done before that it presented a pretty unique challenge for me. I felt like I had to wrestle with each chapter only to question it as soon as it was posted—did it make sense, did it mesh with canon and with the previous chapter, did it convey what I needed it to, were the metaphysics reasonable, was it even enjoyable to read, etc. I appreciated all of the positive feedback and encouragement SO much and it absolutely nourished my soul through the struggle of this (comparatively) giant fourth chapter. On which note, I hope you enjoy this last chapter (and the rest of the fic, if you're reading it straight through). Thank you again, and if you pass the canonical series finale on the street, tell it I said go to hell!
"The pain, though," says Castiel, because he can see it even now, faint flashes of sharp scarlet blooming in Dean's soul as the agony of his wounds ebbs and flows.
The man's eyes snap to something over Castiel's shoulder, and he smiles, a real smile now, his teeth showing.
"I thought I dreamed you," says Dean bluntly. He furrows his brow. "I woke up, and...you weren't there, so I thought..." A spasm of fear crosses his face, shadow-like.
Inside, Castiel deposits Dean carefully on the edge of the single bed and crouches in front of him. Dean keeps his head down, his hands curled into loose fists at his sides.
“No kidding,” says Dean. “And we don’t need to fight her, if we get there first. So we drop in, we grab Cas, we get the hell out of dodge. That the plan?”
, what they have now, Dean's friendship, their shared home, their family, is enough for Castiel. Has always been enough.
The silence that follows this statement makes him turn back towards Dean, whose ears have gone an odd shade of pink and whose soul is flaring with—Castiel pulls determinedly back, refusing to examine Dean's emotions too closely. He's violated enough of Dean's privacy as is—and the answers would only make things more difficult for him anyway, he suspects.
"You're not fucking broken," he says several long seconds later, when they've pulled apart for air. "You're fucking perfect. Theo fucking had it coming—fuck, I would have tracked him down and killed him myself for touching you, if you hadn't beat me to it."
are. Human ingenuity, buddy. Whatever this weird loop, retcon, rewrite is, you're just reusing the same material over and over. And we're gonna figure it out. Every time."
Cas freezes, the breath sliding out of him in a long, shaky exhale. "I—" he says, and then he turns his head and kisses Dean again, fiercely, eagerly. "I love you too, you know I love you—"
Castiel rises from his seat and crosses to the side of the bed. On the mattress, Dean tips his head back, exposing his throat and the dark fissure of that half-healed gash. "N—" he chokes, still asleep. "N-no—"
God, he thinks, he’d almost missed this, the feel of adrenaline blitzing through his veins, the chance to watch Cas in action, all deftness and speed and controlled ferocity. Not that he wouldn’t have preferred an uninterrupted Christmas with his family, if given the choice, but still—silver linings.
Dean wasn't made for love, he was made for war. He was made for violence and blood and hunting the things that go bump in the night and doing exactly what he was told and being damn good at it as long as the
"He loved me too," he says, finally. It tears at his throat, the sentence. "He told me so, right before the Empty took him." It's a knife in his gut, twisting up towards his heart, flaying him from the inside out.
The man strolls into the room. "Hello, sweetheart," he drawls, but he's not looking at Castiel. He hadn't looked at Castiel even to cast the spell that sent him flying.
Michael shrugs. “The Darkness was long locked away from this world. Jack should walk the earth, become more acquainted with creation. And...it isn’t right for us to pull strings, not the way my father did, but being
Dean trembles all over with the finality of it. It’s a blade slipping between his ribs, twisting deep.
Castiel is opening his mouth to turn her down when the bag, crinkling in his grip, reminds him that he's trying to bring familiar things to Dean, and this—surely this is something that's familiar to Dean. Something physical, a comfort that Castiel can't offer—and something Dean wants, if the constant directionless desire rolling off his soul is anything to go by.
“Dude, no,” says Dean. He picks up a stray scrap of the mistletoe from the floor and glances over in time to catch Cas’s smirk. “Oh. You’re joking.”
“Is that what you think?” Chuck sneers, advancing on him. “Keep fooling yourself, Dean. I’ve got my hooks so deep in you and your broth—”
, much less with his earnestly insufferable lug of a brother, so he has all the more reason to be grateful for Eileen occupying Sam’s attention. Dean’s caught the two of them kissing in the archives at least twice now, Sam always turning brick red while Eileen for her part just looks amused. Dean really, desperately wants to resent them, but he can’t—he likes Eileen far too much, for one, and even if he didn’t, he’d have to be blind not to see how radiant Sam always is around her. He
Dean walks toward it. His palms are sweating and he wipes them surreptitiously on his jeans as he stumbles to a halt in the doorway of the shed.
"How were you burned?" says Castiel carefully, because that's what the lesions look like—strange circular burns, curiously regular in size.
"What I should have done last time," Dean grits. He feels another tear coalescing and angrily blinks it free. He brackets Cas with his arms, presses their legs together. He covers Cas's body with his own. "Stopping you from leaving."
"Take the cuffs off," Castiel demands. If his grace is freed, he can pull the wings back into the etheric plane, release the physical manifestation of them. It'll make them hurt a great deal less, and—and more importantly, Dean won't be able to see them any longer. "Get them
"Blue-eyes over there wasn't interested." She winks at Castiel, who hears a faint pop and realizes that he's clutching the bag so tightly that the styrofoam is cracking. "I told him he could watch, though."
that Jack didn't zap Cas right into the middle of that street, right into their midst. He doesn't want to examine it too closely, because it probably points to him being a big sad coward, but yeah, a bit of him is relieved that he has just a little more time, because when he sees Cas—they'll have to—they'll need to talk, about—
Castiel reaches out and brushes his fingers over the dark substance. It feels smooth and slightly tacky, like a sort of polymer or epoxy. He doesn't have a chance to investigate further; the touch seems to break through some barrier inside Dean, who wrenches violently away, flinging himself off the bed onto the dingy carpet below. Castiel lunges in an attempt to catch him and is met with a sharp pain in his shin as Dean lands a kick out of what must be sheer luck.
, Castiel thinks. His hand trembles on his lips. A strange sound tugs free, a laugh, bubbling low in his throat.
and as he rummages in the hamper to pull out a discarded pair of boxers he has to fight the sudden urge to press them to his face. What's
Dean grunts in agreement. There’s an itching under his skin. “Do you think that was finally it?” he says. “Was that the real deal? Is Chuck dead?”
“Almost didn’t,” she laughs, pushing her hair back from her face. “Some jerk took my car while I was gone.”
Dean chokes. His heart is a wave, breaking on a shore. His heart is back in the storeroom with Cas's earnest voice confessing things that no one should ever confess to Dean. His heart is in pieces, held between Sam's giant palms.
"Dunno where we were. It was a couple months in and they got careless. They were keeping me tied up—I slipped the ropes and made it half a mile down the road before they..." He stops, grimaces, his features semi-indistinct in the dark. "That's when they started chaining me instead, and they...they..." He gestures at his eyes.
Dean looks toward the house and his heart constricts painfully. He'd spent the drive up making small talk with Sam, chatting and laughing and singing along to the radio to keep his mind off their destination. Now that they're actually
Dean rolls over so that he faces away from Castiel, and wriggles backwards until their bodies are lined up, flush against each other. Castiel wraps his arm across Dean's chest, feels Dean's hands come up to curl around his forearm and wrist. "You never show 'em. I mean, not except for that first time."
about him, either. As if Cas had just been—shelved in the back of his brain, a closed book, out of sight and out of mind. But that—that doesn’t make sense—
Cas's hand closes around Dean's wrist, a vice grip, just shy of bruising. "If you ever say that to me again," he says, low and furious, "I will kiss the goddamn words out of your infuriating mouth."
He crosses the space between them in two short strides. Catches Cas's face in his hands, tangles his fingers in Cas's hair. He doesn't pull Cas toward him—he leans in, closes the gap himself. Brings their mouths together with an urgency that wells up inside him so inexorably, he wonders how he ever held it in.
want to keep eating soup, maybe Dean likes wearing just the towel?—and finally decides that if Dean isn't going to give a more concrete protest, it's more important to make the supply run while the weather holds.
“So, you and Michael? You’re...what, God and...Amara?” He stares at Jack, half-expecting the kid to shapeshift into a willowy woman with fathomless eyes.
A door slams somewhere in the Bunker and Sam's voice sounds out, calling for him, but Dean is already taking the steps two at a time, wrenching open the front door and bolting into the pouring rain outside. He scans the empty road for a moment, ignoring how rapidly his clothes are becoming drenched, then goes with his gut and heads into the woods in the other direction.
"What are you thinking," Cas says softly. Dean hears it echoed out of the quiet halls of his memory.
“No need to harsh my vibe, Sammy,” he drawls once they get in the room, because hell if he’s going to pass up a chance to be annoying. “You’re just jealous of my way with the ladies.”
Jack looks up again, startled, but Dean is already turning away, snagging a glass and a bottle of whiskey on his way out of the room.
"Just nice," he clarifies, dropping his eyes and studying his knuckles. "After six months of...pretty close to hell, it's nice just being safe with you, alright? 'm not in a hurry to leave, is all."
Dean kisses like a storm, like something angry and desperate and only half-planned. Dean kisses with his entire heart and body and soul, fire-bright and hungry. Dean kisses the fear right out of Castiel's head and for one long and radiant second it is only the two of them, tangled together in this room, and Castiel thinks surely the world must go on like this forever, surely this cannot end here, now, after this—
“May I?” says Antennae, stepping forward with a hand lifted. Dean tenses immediately, the scimitar point floating up, but they only extend their glowy fingertips toward Cas, while humming a snippet of some sort of odd, indescribable melody.
Dean turns his head to look at Castiel. Their faces are so close that their noses bump together when he does. "Is that gonna happen every time?"
It's a trick, he tells himself. Just a trick. Just a more elaborate illusion, and Raz is going to step out at any moment, black-eyed and laughing. But Dean's hands are warm and steady and
Dean frowns. "What the hell are you talking about?" He starts tugging the bandages off his now-healed hands. "Cas, they're beautiful. When you pulled them out of nowhere, in the lot, that was..." He sucks in a breath. "Well, it was terrifying, honestly, and also they were on fire, so there was that. But they were friggin' gorgeous. They still are."
Dean yawns and settles into the passenger seat, enjoying the breeze that plays lightly over his face. It's a little chilly and he reaches over to turn up the heat. “I dunno, like two days if we make decent time. Wake me up when you get tired.”
Dean refrains from pointing out that whatever Cas is drinking probably tastes like burnt tar, if the smell is anything to go by. “Thought you couldn’t taste things properly.”
Castiel used to have wings, a garrison, a divine purpose. Now he stands in his home, in his human body, and he wraps his human arms around his human son, and he thinks that there aren't words, not really, not enough, to describe all that he has now.
Goddammit. Dean exhales and sets his beer down next to the couple of empties he’s already polished off. “Kid, stop.”
The Bunker is—a mess. The map table is cluttered with enormous tomes, scraps of parchment, bowls of ritual ingredients that Castiel recognizes from the archives. A singed chalk pentagram is etched in a corner of the room.
Castiel turns and feels his eyebrows shoot up in surprise. Some ten feet away, as though the dream has mirrored itself along an invisible axis, is an identical  dock, also extending from the lake's woodsy shore. On that dock, standing in the exact same spot, is another Castiel.
The eel, or lamprey, or whatever it is, this godforsaken thing McGinnis found or made or magicked to embed in Cas like a parasite, goes up in flames in the trash can. It doesn't smell like burning anything
Before he can stop himself, he's doing exactly that, slipping out of his shoes and into the bed, holding himself rigidly at the very edge to maintain the crucial few feet of space between himself and Dean. It seems a little absurd given that a few hours ago he was quite literally holding Dean in his arms, but he is equally sure that Dean would consider those circumstances a one-time exception to his immutable rules on personal space. Castiel shifts on the mattress, trying to get into a natural position while taking up as little space as possible. He's worried about shaking the bed in his attempts, but Dean is deeply asleep, his heartbeat slow and even. He is still wearing the trenchcoat, his head turned to the side so that his face is half-buried in its upturned collar. After a moment Castiel relaxes as well, lulled by the steady pulse of Dean's soul, all the more comforting after the time he's spent unable to sense it.
"No, don't you see?" says Castiel, impatient. "It's working both ways. It won't let your body pass into a healed state, either. None of your injuries are fully healed, even the ones that should be by now. And it must be blocking my grace."
Cas exhales, a dark, satisfied sound. "Good," he breathes, and spins Dean around, walks him backward, away from the water's edge, until the warm metal of the Impala's hood bumps against the back of his knees.
"This is a real...shitshow," Dean wheezes. He can feel the rebar deep inside him, hot and cold at once. Goddamn vampires.
There’s a crackle of power, too fast and full of whiplike intent to dodge. Dean cries out as pain surges through him like an electric current, dropping him rigidly to his knees. It passes after a moment, but he’s still paralyzed, frozen in place with his eyes fixed helplessly forward and the words trapped in the back of his throat. At the edge of his vision he can see Sam doubled over, straining against the same invisible hold.
Dean stares up at Castiel and then slowly sits back on his heels, before tucking his toes under and shifting into a cross-legged position. He starts smoothing down the trenchcoat hem, his eyes fixed determinedly downward. His hands are shaking, but after a long minute he finally rucks the fabric up over his lap to uncover the sigils again.
Unconsciousness is a mercy that doesn't last long. He comes to alone on the cold floor, facedown, throbbing pain running through both his manhandled wings. He tries to pull them in close to his body and has to stop with a muffled sob as the nerve endings begin shrieking in protest.
—hey, you did what you had to do, okay? You don't deserve this. It's going to be alright. We will figure it out. You and me and Sam. Uh, and Gadreel, I guess. And Kevin, if he ever comes out of his room."
Jack smiles at him; something warm unfurls a little more, in Dean’s chest. He’d talked to Jack, after everything with Chuck and the Empty went down—it’s still hard, sometimes, to look at the kid and not see the flat-eyed, serene person who’d killed his mom, but—but Jack
He skids over the sandy earth and then—then he’s tumbling into empty space, and for a moment it feels just like when he stepped off that cliff with Sam, in Chuck’s fake timeline. He has the sudden wild thought that the surrounding forest is going to vanish in a flare of light. That he’s going to land in a creepy motel hallway or, worse yet, the Bunker.
startling, the contrast—he seems to glow, almost, in the soft lamplight, free of injury at last, standing straight and lithe again instead of hunched over with pain. In spite of himself Castiel feels his gaze sliding back towards Dean's lamplit frame, and he curls his hands discreetly into fists as he tries to pretend the inspection is clinical. The wounds have all closed over without even scars in their wake, and the contours of Dean's hips, thankfully covered by the towel at this point, are no longer sharp with malnutrition. Dean's muscles, filled out to their former state, strain against the sleeves of Castiel's coat, and when he runs his own hands wonderingly over his chest and belly, the movement is so steady and smooth that to Castiel it seems almost obscene. He averts his eyes and tries to remember where the car keys ended up.
"Cas?" Dean says again, staring at the dream-Castiel. His brow furrows; his eyes rove over the lake and flit back again. "Did you...was that you? Why are we...is this still a dream?"
But Cas just lies there, unmoving, the wound in his torso yawning like a crimson void. Sam is still trying to find a pulse, his face drawn and grim, his jaw starting to clench as the seconds tick on. Dean starts to reach out and stops as he takes in his own hands, red halfway to the elbow. Cas's blood. His hands are soaked in it.
had faith in me, he must have been seeing goodness in me, too. Somewhere. And it—and sometimes I catch myself waiting for the other shoe to drop, right? I had that—that bullet in me from shooting Chuck and it felt all...wrong. And Cas saw it, and I thought to myself,
"Fuck's sake." Dean throws up his hands. "Me and Sam and Jack, we're trying pull you out of here, but you gotta work with me a little. I don't know how long Sam can keep the spell up."
as he speaks, "you've...one-upped yourself out of the playing field, more or less. You leveled up too hard. The power you absorbed from Amara? Both your beings, joined together? You can't exist as one entity, not in this world or any other. God and Darkness aren’t going away. But they’re...flowing downhill. Moving on from you.”
"They actually fed me pretty well," he says, perching on the edge of the bed with the container in his lap. "Can't drink from a guy if you starve him, I guess."
curious. Not to brag, but the inscription was foolproof. You shouldn't have been able to sense him at all." Corin tips his head and considers Castiel. "Curious," he repeats. "Well, I assure you, I will be layering in a few more precautions this time around."
Castiel, you know that? He’s buried so deep in there that he’s probably part of the bedrock, if he hasn’t been deconstructed into miserable smithereens by now. So you can save your breath on bargaining, because that particular subplot is out of my hair for good, and you know what? Good
on me, because I was the next best option. I didn’t work for it—I didn’t sacrifice anything. I was supposed to—I was supposed to
. And then I’d give him a minute, just to look, just to let it really sink in, and then I’d crush him to a pulp. And let Sam try to scrape the two of you apart for the funerals.”
"So I am," says Castiel, vision briefly blurring with said tears, as his human body betrays him in what he suspects is not the end of a long line of such audacities. He smiles. "I think we're both entitled."
The leviathan throws back its head, jaw swinging loose to release the rotary of its teeth—and Eileen decapitates it from behind. Black blood spatters everywhere.
"Yeah," Dean grits out. Under his hand, Cas stirs and makes a feeble noise; Dean whips his light up to frantically scan his friend's face, but Cas's eyes are still closed. He spasms once, splashing more water against Dean's jeans, and then goes still.
"He's awake, Sam," Dean says, glancing up in response to a questioning sound from what Castiel presumes is the driver's seat.
Dean clicks the handcuffs into place around his wrists. He looks back up, his face expressionless. Castiel fights against whatever spell holds him in place, but it's useless; he can only stand helplessly, rooted to the carpet.
"There's something missing," says Sam wildly. He spins around, looking at the walls like the answers are going to be scrawled there.
Castiel feels a smile tugging at the corner of his mouth, in tandem with the wonder slowly opening up in his chest. "That was disrespectful."
Dean slowly pulls himself to his feet. A sense of overwhelming relief wells slowly and inexorably in his chest, like water from an unseen spring. It quiets the buzz in his head, smoothes out the itch under his skin. A breeze raises goosebumps on his arms. "It has to be," he says.  "Chuck's dead, we're—"
"Cas is probably missing all his primaries," says Sam, connecting the dots with growing resignation, "but he's still got
She pulls free and pats him affectionately on the jaw. "You just missed the girls—they went to pick up some lunch. He's out back, though."
he is only averting his eyes from the light, and not trying deliberately to look up at Castiel through his lashes.
Dean's in darkness. He's in an abyss. He's at the bottom of a well, sinking deeper every second. He looks up. If he can just—
He takes the Bunker stairs two at a time, his heart in his mouth. Scans the map room, peers into the library.
“Cas this, Cas that,” Chuck snarls. He paces closer, driving right into Dean’s space, bending down toward him. Dean struggles to move, to speak, to turn his face. He can do none of those things.
— "Corin, please, stop, I'll do what you want." It's the first time Dean's ever named one of his captors.
Outwardly, he stands stock-still, his grace beating its fury against magical restraints. Corin pushes Dean out the door and gives Castiel one last mocking glance before he too exits. As the door shuts, the spell drops, and Castiel is able to move.
for that. Wonders, not for the first time, when he became someone that Sam was afraid of—which of the blows he’s swung over the years was the one that broke the camel’s back, so to speak. When he became someone who only knew how to hurt people.
"It's alright," says Castiel. He presses his hands against Sam's shoulders. Listens to the tremor in Sam's breathing. "Sam, it's alright."
Castiel turns his head to one side and spits out a mouthful of blood, a parting gift from the previous sigil.
"Dean," Cas stammers. His hair is tousled, his eyes wild with fear and shock. The handprint is dark red across his chest.
"The nephilim's attack damaged me." The Empty lets go of Dean's hair to wrap its arms around itself, its voice dropping to a low mutter. "Cracks in the foundation, cracks in the foundation." It cocks its head again and grins. "But angel grace, even weakened grace? Useful for repairs."
"I'm not sorry," says Cas, abruptly, into the silence and the darkness of the abyss. He turns the dark blue of his eyes on Dean. "I have regrets about so much. But I'm not sorry to have loved him."
is almost overwhelming after six months of having Dean's soul barred from him. He'd thought he had the measure of how keenly he'd felt its absence. He'd been wrong. It's only now, sensing Dean's soul fully again, that he understands the chasm the
Dean tips his beer towards Sam. "To somehow," he says, echoing that last toast from two days—three days? time feels hazy and indistinct, fraying at the edges—prior, during the tight, brief calm of the storm's eye.
"Get on with it," Dean mumbles, and Castiel, glancing up, sees that Dean's head is angled away and his cheeks are flushed dark. Castiel berates himself silently for taking longer than he needs; it's clear how uncomfortable this is making Dean, how reluctant he is to be this exposed to Castiel, to have Castiel so near.
"Sam," says Castiel, and he must sound more self-assured than he feels because Sam nods and braces his hands around Dean's shoulder and arm. Sam's face is white as a sheet, but his long fingers are steady and careful. One of his hands is already stained red, like he'd felt behind Dean to try to find what was killing him.
thought is so urgent and vicious that he almost trips over the pain of it as he shuffles into the kitchen.
Dean laughs. It wells up in his throat like a river, warm and sweet and sudden, and he pulls Cas toward him and laughs and laughs.
"Cas—" Sam chokes out, but he might as well not have spoken because Castiel barely hears him, all Castiel can hear is the weak bird's-wing flutter of Dean's flagging heart, the metal rasping at organ walls and bone
"I'm sorry," says Gadreel after a moment. "I realize that you're uncomfortable with the idea that you might inspire others. You and Dean are similar in that regard, I've noticed."
"No," says Castiel, the ache in his chest suddenly sweet, like summer honey. "No. Never." He tangles his fingers in Dean's hair and kisses him, hard. Dean makes a soft sound that thrums in Castiel's chest. It was Dean's soul that stayed the witch's fire, kept it from burrowing deep into Castiel's true form; it was Dean's soul that healed Castiel's wings, repaired the essence of them, even if it couldn't erase all the damage. It's Dean's soul that coils and hums behind Dean's eyes now, trembling a little with remembered pain, with new pleasure.
"You wouldn't have said it," says Dean. He braces his hands against the doorframe. Clenches and unclenches his jaw. "If you hadn't been about to die, you wouldn't have said it."
Dean reaches up, and Castiel arches his back as Dean slides his palms over black and silver feathers alike, pulling away the last of the gauze.
"Why?" Castiel gasps out one day. Raz has come alone. He is using his fingers to paint yet another sigil on the floor of the cell. Castiel is curled on his side, retching emptily from the effects of the last one. "Why..." He has to break off and dry-heave for a moment. "...are you...doing this?" he finishes weakly, at last.
be reminded of Cas. “S’alright,” he says, soft. He cards a hand through their son’s hair. “It’s alright, Jack.”
The demon pauses halfway through the sequence. "My name is Raz, by the way," he says off-handedly, as if they are sitting down to coffee instead of torture, as if there are not iron bars between them.
Sam had gone quiet, a grade-A bitchface riding his features, and finally mumbled, low, "I don't want to."
. There are traces of your soul all over my wings, Dean. There shouldn't be, but there are—it's knitted all through my grace now, I can
Michael’s face doesn’t change, except that the corner of his mouth tugs up just slightly, an expression that isn’t quite a smile, and isn’t quite
He'd seemed unconscious, and he hadn't moved when Castiel approached. But when Castiel's hand lands on his shoulder, Dean wrenches away with a muffled cry, thrashing against his bonds.
The wound is knitting itself together, blue-white light flaring at its edges, hiding the damage, flaring up brightly enough that Dean has to avert his eyes. The last of the monsters performs the bizarre laying on of hands and steps back, and the kitchen is so utterly silent that when Cas suddenly twitches and
He sits down on the steps, to wait. Sam will be returning. They will have to plan their next move, to save Dean.
“We had heard that she’d been freed from her prison by humans,” says Antlers curiously. “We did not realize it was you.”
"Oh, we don't like it when our humans get insulted, do we?" Raz mocks. "Even when they don't deserve your loyalty. I mean, come on, if you were going to betray your kind and whore yourself out to a pair of loose cannons, couldn't you have picked demons? Werewolves? Vampires? Something with a little more firepower?"
been furious, in a small place in the the back of his mind, ever since it happened. Furious that Cas said that—
“I’m fine,” Dean grits, refusing to look at Cas. He slumps against the narrow trunk of the nearest sapling, wishing very badly for the earth to open and swallow him up. He shoves clumsily at Cas’s reaching hand. He’s suddenly so incredibly,
There’s a prolonged silence, and then the antlered fey that Eileen kicked off the balcony says, in a low, rustling voice like wind through bracken, “We received a fey distress call from this location—we know you are holding one of our own here.”
"Stores will certainly be open by now," he says, finally spotting the keys on the floor where they must have fallen out of his coat pocket. "And the storm has passed. You need clothes. And food. Unless you want to keep eating soup."
, the leviathan and the blossoms and Chuck and this whole godforsaken trip. The way Sam favors his shoulder, the way he winces and half-reaches for it when he thinks Dean isn’t watching. The way Purgatory plucks at Dean’s skin like a dull fishhook, like a nagging memory of a time when everything was easy and simple and all he had to do to survive was the things he was best at. The way Cas stands too far away and doesn’t look at him except with a hard kind of weariness, the way Dean doesn’t know how to fix any of it, doesn’t even know if he
being interested in girls. And Dean? Dean's just a stupid dork who can do a decent backflip and who's half-regretting all the life choices that have led him here, sneaking through a stranger's bedroom on a dare.
"Can't you?" Gadreel smiles a little sadly. "You endured over a hundred years of Hell. You were at Lucifer's mercy."
, which is, frankly ridiculous. He wants to make some kind of self-deprecating joke, here, but his throat is tight and hot, and Benny is looking at him with the kind of steady clear gaze that’s too close and too far from the way Cas used to look at him—no, from the way Cas
"Better," Raz says softly, his eyes still black and empty. He moves in a single fluid step; Castiel lets out a choked sound as the pressure lifts off his wing, and then Raz is behind him, crouching, twisting a hand into Castiel's hair to pull his head back.
, Cas. You think you can read my fucking mind? You think I'm a fucking book for you to flip through? That you know everything about me?"
you, I know that this is something I can't have. It is not something I expect, Dean, you understand that, right? To—to share in life with you, to be counted among those closest to you,
Where he pulls up short. Because Cas is...there. In the fucking kitchen like it’s any old pre-apocalypse day. Leaning against the counter in the same dark jeans and plain v-neck he’d worn the night he killed Chuck, sipping what smells like burnt coffee out of Dean’s favorite Star Wars mug.
There's pain deep in his ears as the epoxy is poured in, and the sounds around him fade into utter silence. Castiel, racing through the maze of vehicles, stumbles again as Dean's sensory deprivation overlaps with his own perception. Dean is blind and deaf, shaking on the trailer floor in renewed agony as the vampires start drinking from him again. Castiel is almost at the door now. He's reaching for the handle, he's with Dean on the floor, he's writhing and his arms are on fire, he can hear Dean crying out in pain even though Dean can't hear himself.
There's light, maybe. So maybe he has eyes to see it, too. He drags himself toward it, a concatenation of tiny, painful eternities. The shadow laps at his face, dredges through his past like so much riverbed silt. Tells him there's nothing for him out there.
“Christ, it’s good to see you,” Dean says, when they break apart. He flushes as he remembers their audience. “Uh—this is Eileen, and um, you know Sam.”
of him that is somehow still so achingly familiar. For a moment he imagines just saying it. Cas is Death but maybe Dean could say it anyway.
happening," says Michael. “Jack and I could not stop this, even if we wanted to. All we can do is bear witness to what
"We have to—" Dean drops to his knees, hanging on to the edge of the map room table. He's wheezing like he's just run a marathon. "Sam, we have to—"
“Sam,” he yells, over the crescendo of light and sound. “Sam, we have to remember them this time. We have to remember Cas—"
Castiel clenches his fists. The sigils didn't need to be so large, and they didn't need to be on Dean's inner thighs, either, where the skin is soft and sensitive. Someone had wanted this to hurt.
He finally looks down at the phone he's been clutching and dials Cas's number, but it goes straight to voicemail—Cas's phone is turned off.
"I think I've seen you guys around a couple times," says Castiel. "You're on the cheerleading team, right?" He addresses the question at the guy he's ninety percent sure was riding his cock less than seventy-two hours ago. "What's your name?"
"Yeah, he's the one who drove us here. He's probably out for a friggin' jog or something." Dean sighs. "He'd been tracking some kind of lead—a lead on me, I guess. Trying to get intel from a vampire nest. Deep cover. That's why he didn't contact you, I guess. Moron. In over his head, sounded like."
It was a roving nest: seven vampires, driving a beat-up brace of pickups and a battered trailer from town to town, leaving bloody victims in their wake. They didn't need to be careful because they didn't stay in one place for long enough. Castiel had put the dots together, tracked them through three towns before he finally caught up with them here. They'd been camped on the outskirts of this town for a day; he'd waited just long enough to be sure they were all present before moving in for the kill.
"Oh hey Cas. How long are you staying this time—" He breaks off, eyes going wide and then immediately narrowing, as Cherry comes into the room.
him he could have it, and Cas—Cas didn’t want it. “I told you,” he says, his heart quickening, “in the dream—I said, I told you that I—”
Castiel shuts his laptop and stands, sucking in a breath that smells altogether too much like Dean for comfort.
"We have to destroy these," says Castiel. He extends his hand, feels the cool impact of his blade hitting his palm. Dean goes tense, eyes darting to the weapon.
Dean presses his foot down a little harder on the accelerator, and drives a little faster, toward home.
"Don't overthink it," Dean tells him, which is incredibly hypocritical because he can feel his own overthinking machinery kicking into high gear, laying out all the ways he could mess this up, all the ways he's
"You've been bad, Dean," says the vampire straddling Dean. He shakes dark hair out of his face and grins. "I thought we had established a sense of mutual trust. What's more, you've been
He reaches out, horrified and alarmed, but Dean jerks away from the brush of Castiel's fingers and curls in on himself.
Chuck rolls his eyes at the sky. "Sure, Dean," he says sarcastically. He's starting to blur at the edges, pale radiance leaking from fissures in his body as the binding circle slowly closes tighter around him.
"Screw soulmates," he mutters. If this is the way it's gonna be—if Dean only gets to be with Cas until the real deal shows up—then he'll take it anyway. He'll take Cas for every day, every hour, every
"Must be quite the strain," says Sam, his voice suddenly soft again, a cold knife cutting through the afternoon air. "Restarting the story over and over again. Burying us in endings."
, he begs himself, but he wasn't made for thinking, and he wasn't made to receive sacrifices. Dean Winchester was made to
"You don't think you've changed me too?" Dean says. He clenches his fists into Cas's coat. His face is still tucked into Cas's collar and he knows this is the only way he's going to be able to say any of this, the only way he can drag this out of his stupid stubborn chest. "You don't think I need you? You don't think I—"
. He'd showered after dinner and he smells like the cheap shampoo that Castiel knows he buys in bulk from the supermarket. He smells clean, warm. He smells like home. It's a dangerous line of thinking and Castiel attempts, without much success, to quash it.
tell you. Did something—did something happen with you guys? I mean, of course I told him he could stay as long as he wanted—Claire's delighted, obviously. I think they're, um, planning to renovate the tool shed."
Sam is standing over the smoking bodies of two more leviathan, staring towards the trees. His face is pale, his mouth slack with horror. “Dean,” he gasps, “they—they took him—”
"I tried to reach you," says Cas finally. He hesitates. Looks down at the asphalt, darts his eyes back up to meet Dean’s. “I think—I might have gotten through, in dreams—”
Castiel throws a leg over Dean's torso and straddles him, using his body weight to pin Dean down. It works, but it feels like the wrong move; Dean immediately arches his back, scrabbling at Castiel's forearms, as his soul explodes with terror. A single choked, bitten-off noise emerges from his mouth. Castiel is suddenly, brutally aware of the forced intimacy of the position, and his stomach turns over in the face of the black well of despair and rage emanating up from the man beneath him.
"My wrist was shattered. The angel pulled his chain out of the wall to get to me. McGinnis beat him for it."
“Disrespectful,” Cas breathes, nipping roughly at his jaw. “Fortunately for you, my current priority is distracting you enough to get the health hazard out of your hands. Which I’ve just done.”
“Oh,” Sam says, and looks a little embarrassed, and then a little pleased. He pulls the antler headband off and fiddles with it.
Jack steps out of the thin air behind Michael, and Dean tenses against the power holding his limbs in place, because that isn't right—Jack doesn't have his powers, and he's—he's not a god, not in the real world, not outside of that fake ending Chuck had embedded them into.
me, so you don’t have to pretend I’m all there is, alright? You don’t have to pretend there isn’t so much more you could have—you don’t have to pretend like—”
—are still jangling faintly through the air like distant chimes, lingering in a way no normal sound should.
"Yeah, well, Gadreel probably didn't get the latest on Heaven's etiquette when he was sitting in prison," Dean says, and then sighs and runs his hand through his hair. "Sorry man."
"Take the bandages off," he groans. The itch in his wings is unbearable now, a prickling heat in the muscle and skin of the bandaged areas.
He strains in the darkness now, searching for whatever flicker of Dean had made contact with his grace during the whirl of combat. He tells himself that he had to have been mistaken, somehow. It's been six months since Dean disappeared, vanished without a trace on a routine hunt in Louisiana. Six months of fruitless searching, six months since Castiel saw Sam smile, or saw the younger Winchester with anything other than grim focus carved on his face. Three months since Sam locked up the Bunker and drove the Impala at the horizon without so much as a backwards glance at Castiel. Five weeks since Sam stopped answering Castiel's calls altogether.
The demons are back the next day, or what Castiel assumes is the next day—all four of them, looking smug and conspiratorial. They flip him onto his back as he struggles uselessly against four pairs of hands. Something that feels and tastes like leather is shoved into his mouth, wrapped under his chin and behind his head.
"I couldn't have borne to let him take you again," Castiel adds gently. "Not after knowing what he was capable of. Even if there was only a chance, I had to try."
It hits him like a runaway train, the answer. Dean doubles over like he’s just been punched in the stomach. His knuckles are white where he's clutching the wheel.
Sure, he'd spent all weekend jerking off to the memory of Mystery Guy's hips and thighs and mouth and other relevant parts. Sure, going off those memories as he tries to find his Cinderella isn't the most foolproof method, even if they
"Listen," says Jody, and her voice drops even lower. "He asked me not to tell you and Sam that he was here—"
Dean moves. He moves faster than the Empty's questing tentacle, faster than the first traitorous tear escaping from the corner of his eye, faster than he has ever managed to move when it comes to Cas.
Dean watches, horrified, as Chuck simply—dissolves. His skin crumples in on itself, soundlessly; his body dissipates like morning mist.
He's sitting at his desk, a book open in front of him. Dean guesses he wasn't doing much reading, though, since when the door opened he'd been staring absently into the wall instead of down at the pages. He looks none the worse for his time in the Empty—that was part of the deal. Chuck for Castiel, unharmed. One angel, in exchange for the Empty's sole remaining rival. (The Empty probably thinks it got a hell of a bargain on that one, Dean thinks.)
now—that's got to come with some changes. Some...inhuman things. Dean feels something clench miserably in his chest. He can't stop looking at Cas. The windswept
you, Dean. I know you the way you know me. I know you the way Cas knows you. I know you the way—the way you won't let yourself know yourself."
Dean appears poised to do anything but, his body taut and shaking. He flinches as Castiel reaches toward him, clearly able to see movement at least. Castiel hesitates another moment and then puts his hand on Dean's shoulder, squeezing with what he hopes is reassuring pressure.
He'd been the one to pace a groove into the Bunker hallway, out of his mind with worry that one day when Cas didn't come back from a grocery run, and he'd been the one that Cas called, shaken and weary and newly graced-up, once he'd escaped the angel dicks who had been torturing him. He'd been the one to hold Cas in his arms at night when his angel broke down with the guilt of making the angels fall and stealing someone else's grace and—
Dean is barely aware of crossing the room. He doesn't really register that his body moves. One moment he's rigid in the doorframe, trying to concentrate on not blacking out from the sheer fucking stress of this whole fucking ordeal, and the next moment he's standing over Cas, reaching out, reaching
"Dean, no—" Castiel starts desperately, and Corin glances up and suddenly Castiel is frozen in place, unable to speak, his face still twisted in mingled horror and fury.
, and now this. He reaches out, then hesitates, afraid that his fingers will pass through Dean as if through smoke, afraid that this will prove some sort of figment. Even now, at this distance, he can sense Dean's soul only dimly, muted as if viewed through warped glass.
"Afraid of what?" Dean's legs have regained some semblance of life and are carrying him forward. He strides deeper into the shed, toward Cas. "Afraid of
"Right," says Dean. "Because they're all alike, aren't they? Some writer. You're just rewinding the tape and hitting play."
This time they're sitting on the edge of a cliff that towers high above a storm-grey sea. Rain falls in torrents from the dark sky and fifteen-foot waves smash against the stone cliff face and send up fans of spray, but Sam feels as warm and dry as if he's sitting in his own room back at the Bunker. Which, to be fair, he is. Dean had shut down towards the end of the conversation in the kitchen, and is currently pacing around the Bunker fretting over whether to call Cas; Sam, who's long since learned to let those two idiots figure their shit out on their own, is sitting on the edge of his bed, in the privacy of his room. Except he's also sitting
is the same now. This isn’t just Cas looking at him through tears, marveling over Dean like Dean’s something special—this isn't just Cas trapped in that room with Dean with no other recourse than to sacrifice himself
for Dean, who has not ever deserved any of the faith that others have put in him. Not Sam's faith, not Jack's faith, and certainly not Cas's faith.
"Come on, Cas," Sam says. He's looking intently into Cas's face, reaching with one hand for the pulse point in Cas's throat.
Dean is asleep on the bed, underneath the covers for once. The lamp has been switched off, which surprises Castiel, but he supposes that the hazy light—for it's now well-past noon—filtering through the window blinds is sufficient to allay Dean's fears of the dark. He sets all the bags down on the table and has to grip the edge for a moment to steady himself as a wave of fatigue rolls over him. He grits his teeth against the throbbing pain in his temples and fights the overwhelming desire to lie down.
In the end, it doesn’t do him any good—he sees the wendigo as it lunges from the dense trees to his left, gets the flare gun up and fires off a shot that the thing dodges with blurring speed. It’s on him the next instant—the gun gets knocked out of his hand, and the breath punches out of him as he feels his back hit earth and tree roots.
, after I've already won? Thinking you could find some kind of nobility in giving yourselves up for the world? That's not who you are. The reality is, the two of you only care about each other. So that's what I gave you a little taste of. All eternity, caring only about yourselves, believing that you’ve won. Dancing a little stage routine for me, too stupid to realize you've actually lost—now
“So if we’re making it up as we go along,” says Dean, and he feels a little shy, because even if he’s felt this way for more years than he can keep track of,
"It's called a to-go box, sweetheart," the man with the crossword snipes nastily, "ever heard of them?"
"I can leave whenever," Dean says, defensively. "Just because I'm not jumping at the chance to drive hours and hours in that clunker out there doesn't mean I can't leave if we
Nothing happens. Michael and Jack blink solemnly back at Chuck, who takes a half step back, his mouth opening slightly for a moment before he clenches it into a hard, furious line.
Dean flinches violently at the first touch, but he stays where he is, head lowered and hands white-knuckled on the asphalt. He doesn't resist when Castiel lifts him in his arms again, although his breathing gets louder and faster, taking on the cadence of barely controlled panic. He doesn't speak, either—remains as silent as he'd been during the drive to the motel, his soul shifting restlessly, like a trapped bird. He feels feather-light in Castiel's arms, a sharp reminder of how inherently fragile the human body is. Castiel's superiors would have chided him about needing such a reminder, once.
Corin taps his head. Smiles again. "Not bad, sweetheart. Thanks for breaking those, by the way. Very useful for keeping Dean hidden while he was actually under my roof, but airtight work has its downsides, I suppose."
"What's awakened?" Sam asks, and as weird as it is to see Sam essentially prompt, ask, and answer his own question, Dean forgets all of that the next instant, because Gadreel shifts back into control and answers,
back, and we’ll—we’ll stay in your fake reality, whatever.” He shoots a quick glance at Sam, sees Sam’s tiny, jerky nod—his brother agreeing to this, whether it’s a diversion or their actual fate. The two of them trapped in the prison of an eternal, isolated narrative, as long as their loved ones are safe in the real world.
Something brushes against his leg and he realizes that Dean's other hand, resting on the bed, is pressed against Castiel's knee where his leg is folded on the mattress. Dean wets his lower lip, almost unconsciously, and the surge of desire that wells up from his soul is unmistakable.
and a forked bolt of agony shoots through what feels like his entire body. He bites down a cry of shock and distress and whips his head around to see Raz's booted foot planted squarely on the end of his left wing.
"And hey," he says, taking refuge in humor like a damn coward, which is what he is. "The way you feel—I get it, trust me. I got called a damn beach read by a
He thinks of Sam, floppy-haired and earnest and crying. Sam as a kid, Sam as an adult, Sam every age at once. Sam so full of fury and fire and selfishness and generosity and faith.
It's the use of his full name, almost as much as the tone, which causes Castiel to stop mid-question. He considers Dean, curled like a wild creature on the bedcovers, his fingers gripping the fabric of Castiel's coat so tightly that the knuckles have turned white.
"Anyway," Dean interrupts, speaking quickly. "Freaky stuff. But hey, dreams are weird." He slides out of bed and pads toward the bathroom.
"I didn't think you would," says Dean. "Find me, I mean." He shrugs, then winces as the movement jostles his arms. "They did...they did a pretty good job of convincing me of that."
Shiv scowls, shuffling in place for another moment before she whirls and storms out of the cell. Castiel watches her retreat up the corridor until a firm hand forces his chin around.
sorry," says Sam, blinking back tears. "Sorry you had to go through all of...all of that, Christ, no one should have to endure what you did."
, and he has an actual honest-to-God soulmate out there, why would he want to be with Dean?—and Dean's just made a stupid chick-flick speech that probably sounds arrogant as fuck to Cas—
Dean shrugs, his fingers curling into the fabric of the towel, still wrapped around his waist. "Cigarette."
that to happen—but he doesn't have time to dwell on it or be troubled by his slip. On the floor in front of him, Dean is pinned down by three vampires, and he is fighting.
"Yes, he's gone," she informs them helpfully. "Thanks for providing the distraction I needed. I've...decocted him into the rest of creation, so to speak. Didn't particularly care to have him in the driver's seat any longer."
"Can't...m'blood. Keep it clean. He...they said." Dean seems even less lucid than he'd been earlier, his voice slurred and his head tipped lazily to one side.
Cas smiles at him. “I learned from the best.” His expression is so achingly fond that Dean has to drop his eyes. He tangles his fingers in Cas’s, under the table.
Dean was made for battle. He wasn't made to survive it. He was made to die at the end of a blade or the barrel of a gun, he wasn't made to
, and Castiel can't begin to untangle it, nor does he trust himself to try. Dean sits up slowly, leaning forward. There's a moment when he pauses and winces, one hand jumping to his ribs where an ugly, apple-sized bruise purples the skin. Castiel digs his fingers into his own thighs, the pinpoints of pressure a welcome distraction.
"All of them are dead," says Castiel firmly. "You're safe, Dean, but listen to me—you need medical care. I can't heal you, you need a hospital."
Figuring that whatever it is, it can't possibly make their predicament that much worse, he takes two short steps over and yanks open the nearest door.
"Of course it was your name," says Cas, fondness and exasperation swelling in his voice. "You fucking idiot."
Castiel doesn't give up the tiny, hidden hope he nurses within himself. After every unwelcome visit, when the demons leave him crumpled and, more likely than not, bleeding on the ground, he takes out this hope and holds it close. He tells himself that the Winchesters will find him. All he has to do is hold on.
"They were gorgeous," says Dean, realizing too late that his voice has gone soft and reverent. "Missing a lot of the feathers, though. No wonder why he can't fly."
"I don't...I couldn't keep track," says Dean. "Of time. Two...or three. Months. I think. I don't..." He hesitates. "Cas, how long...how long was I..."
Through the terror, he looks at Cas, tired and worried and beautiful under the fluorescent kitchen lighting, and something snaps loose inside him and for the first time, he thinks,
Its smile widens. "But I don't." Its face shifts, the features melting and changing, the eyes darkening—
Castiel flinches—then gasps in shocked relief as a blessed cool pools from Raz's fingertips, soothing the burn of the gold trails. He lifts his head and sees that Raz has brought a pot of salve with him; the demon applies more to Castiel's chest, and the slug's poison dissolves like dust in water, the pain subsiding rapidly.
Raz leaves, slamming the door behind him, and Castiel is left to struggle for breathe on the stones. His grace moves sluggishly through his injuries, knitting the crushed cartilage of his nose back together, easing the bruising on his torso. He struggles into a sitting position, wrenching pointlessly at the cuffs and receiving only a sickening jolt of pain in return.
Castiel arches a perfect eyebrow at the ceiling and drawls, "Come on, you don't think you could make good use of one of my socks?"
Sam’s eyebrows are angling downward, a muscle knotting in his jaw as he clenches it. “Dean,” he says, very quietly. “How long have we been driving.”
He wrenches Cas's half-open shirt down off his shoulders, drags his nails against the bare skin of Cas's back. Cas doesn't flinch, doesn't stop—just keeps up the heartrendingly steady pace of his hand while he murmurs gently into Dean's ear, a sweet susurration of words that slip in and out of languages Dean recognizes. There's lightning curling down his spine, pooling low in his belly, lifting him on an unbearable wave of coiled tension as Cas's clever fingers drag him closer to the edge.
“Let’s just...get him some candy,” Sam had said, and they’d picked out the largest sampler box they could find.)
"Dean, please," he says in exasperation, knowing full well that speaking is pointless. Dean scrabbles away in a crouch, his hands skating blindly across the floor as he feels for the wall. His head is held low, chin tucked in towards his chest. He doesn't utter a word, but it's his terrified breathing that finally sends Castiel striding forward. He drops to a crouch, pinning Dean to the wall with a knee to his chest, and claps his hands over Dean's ears.
"I know." Gadreel smiles, a real smile this time, without a trace of the sadness that so often plagues his expressions. "But for the first time in a long time, I am less concerned with what is out of my reach than with what I currently have."
Cas tips his head up, surveys Dean. "I meant it," he says softly. "I meant it more than anything I've ever meant in my whole life. I just...what I mean to say now is, I didn't intend to make you uncomfortable. It wasn't my intention to invoke a...a response from you. And I wouldn't have...I wouldn't have..."
. I don't know why I dreamed that. It wasn't...the other thing, in the trailer, with the vamps, that was...I've dreamed it before, that was normal."
"What do you think?" he asks, holding out his arms hesitantly. There's a wry quirk in the corner of his mouth, as if he knows Castiel can see his self-consciousness.
"There's no time. We have to cut it out," says Dean. Some instinct, some surety deep inside him, is telling him that they can't leave this thing in Cas one moment longer than necessary. "He'll heal, Sam."
made? Where exactly do you think I'm going, huh? News flash, I'm at the top of the food chain already, guys! Nowhere higher up to go!"
The light from the basement only stretches halfway down the steps, so Dean fumbles his phone out and turns the flashlight on one-handed. The space he's descending into is small, an oubliette of sorts, the featureless walls melting into their own gloom, and there's a pale shape near the bottom of the stairs.
“I spent so long in service to my father,” he says. “Even after he left me behind, along with the rest of his creation. The things I did—the things I did for
"I'm so sorry, Dean." Castiel pictures Dean fighting, desperate and outnumbered. Pictures the vampires holding Dean down, pouring epoxy over his eyes. Rage ignites anew inside him.
it sounds like? He doesn't quite catch the first word. She peels out of the parking lot with a screech of worn tires that probably have made Dean blanch with horror. Castiel sighs and turns back to face the consequences of his ill-conceived plan.
“You just missed Cas, by the way,” Dean says as they head west. For once, the info Sam was able to find online was actually pretty detailed. Couple of bodies found near a small forest reserve, couple hikers still missing. The postmortem photos Sam had been able to lift from local, and poorly secured, databases more or less confirmed a wendigo as the culprit.
Cas watches Sam standing on his tiptoes to affix the mistletoe. “That’s not for summoning the old gods of devastation to our hearth, I’m assuming.”
"Sorry," he says, as he starts to push up from the table, "a week of having to actually care about my liver and I turn into a lightweight, I should—"
, and then he pushes up into Dean, and then again, and again, faster, until he's setting a steady pace in perfect rhythm, hitting a spot that lights up a white fire in Dean's veins. Dean hears bitten-off sounds of pleasure coming from his own mouth, but he barely recognizes his own voice, the wrecked abandon of the sounds he's making. Castiel adjusts his hands, the fingers splayed over Dean's hips, under the skirt, digging into the skin, and he never varies the cadence, doesn't speed up or slow down just
Sam grimaces, his free hand curling a little tighter around his shoulder. “Trust me, that isn’t surprising to hear.”
It makes Dean crack a shadow of a smile, the thought of Cas half-assing his way through whatever weird interdimensional training module someone has to go through in order to learn the ropes of being Death. He sobers almost immediately, though, because of course Cas rushed things because of
Dean crosses his arms. "I mean, don't let me cramp your style, she's gorgeous. Next time just text me and I'll clear out."
look like the kid they'd brought home that fateful day, all sunshine and uncertainty and floppy hair and barely-contained power. Then he sobers again. "You'll have to be quick," he says. "You won't have much time."
Castiel doesn't bother to correct Raz, tell him it was a being much older than God that sent him back to Earth. Besides, the Empty was hardly more indifferent than his father. His Father, who walked and fought side by side with Lucifer but had not a word to say to Castiel, who healed his favorite son after Amara's torments but didn't spare a second glance at the one who was broken beyond repair.
him?” says the vampire slowly. “Alive?” There’s concern in his voice, and Dean tries not to read into it, tries not to imagine what the leviathan could be doing to Cas.
?" Dean comes to a stop and plants his feet in the ground, a few scant feet from Cas. This close, he can see the trembling line of Cas's mouth, see the way his hands hang limply at his sides. "You know everything, is that right? Tell me, Cas. Tell me what you know about me, huh? Because people keep telling me what I am and what I'm supposed to feel and I'm kind of
"Dean," Castiel murmurs. He breaks the kiss so that he can press another to the curve just above Dean's lips. "Dean,
Dean had figured, on the drive up, that he would open the conversation with a casual, clever one-liner. God knows he has enough of them. But Cas just stands there and stares at him with an expression like a wild animal caught in a trap, and what Dean hears himself actually say is, "Were you ever going to come back?"
just for you to start losing hope right when we get our edge back. We're going to beat him, Cas. We'll be enough."
He fumbles, not at a loss for words but instead overwhelmed by them, frantically sifting through the torrent for something that isn't too
"I think..." he says again. He lifts Cas's hand to his mouth, presses a kiss to Cas's knuckles. Glances over at the clearing behind them, again. Picks the first thing off what he intends will be a very long list. "I think I want to build you a house, Cas."
"No, it's just." She swallows, moves aside so that he can reach the stairs to the main floor. "When the screaming stopped, we all thought he had died."
"Well," says Cas, "in fairness to us, we haven't had very much time to work on it." He touches Dean's cheekbone, feather-light. "You didn't let me stay away for long."
He's running out of time, he thinks. He's running out of time because the relief and the numbness are splintering and if he isn't blitzed out of his mind by the time those walls come down there'll be nothing to keep him from feeling every razor edge of the chasm he's teetering over.
Cas laughs, low and warm in the base of his chest, and god, Dean thinks, if he could only take that sound and wrap it himself in it, wear it around his neck like a talisman.
Dean makes a muffled noise like a sob and screws his eyes shut, turning his head to press his face against the pillow. His breathing remains tense and unsteady, though his hand slowly goes limp in Castiel's grip.
“Traitor,” says Dean. “Also, you’re not allowed back out without a friggin’ hat and that’s an order.” He looks around to see if he can get some backup from Cas, but Cas and Eileen are still having the same silent, heated argument they've been conducting for the last twenty minutes. Dean assumes it has something to do with the tree still leaning against the wall between them, given that they keep gesturing at it and signing with increasingly irate expressions.
"We have to stop this," Sam whispers. He comes up to Dean, curls his hand into the sleeve of Dean's jacket.
By the time everyone else calls it a night and heads off to bed, it's well past midnight. Eileen is the last to go, pressing a kiss to the top of Sam's head before she smiles and leaves the map room. Sam smiles up at her, his eyes a little watery, like they have been every time he's looked at Eileen since they got her back from wherever Chuck zapped her and the rest of the world. Dean grins a little, watching them. And his heart aches a little, too.
, Dean thinks. His throat closes up, and it's not from the sight of Cas's straining body. He takes the angel blade from Sam's hand and it's remarkable, really, how it all comes rushing back. How his grip adjusts ever so slightly on the haft as the blade stops being a weapon and starts being a tool.
somehow, the way you did when Amara was affecting you, it doesn't. None of that was your choice, not Amara, not—not whatever you had to do when we were kids, none of that is what
"Jack," Castiel manages, and then Jack is running toward him. He runs full force into Castiel, and Castiel is, after all, only human now, so he has to stumble a half-step back to absorb the impact, even as his arms fly up to catch Jack. Jack buries his face in Castiel's shoulder.
The sky overhead is cloud-grey but bright. A cool breeze strokes his cheek. In front of him, a pewter-grey lake ripples under the same breeze, and sends small waves to lap gently at the dock beneath his feet.
Castiel finds he has a mouth, now. "Bite me," he tells the Empty, and tumbles through the rip in the dark.
Dean squares his shoulders. Sam is plucking frantically at his sleeve. His brain is still stuttering out a pointless tempo of despair and fury, but thankfully his mouth can bite back on autopilot. "Yeah, well, maybe you're not as good at this puppet master shit as you thought you were, huh?"
"Word on the street is you got put back together recently," Raz murmurs, looking into Castiel's eyes. "Big guy upstairs couldn't be bothered to touch these up a little?"
Dean a meal—the burger from earlier had seemed to cheer him up more than anything else Castiel's been able to do. Maybe that's the right angle to take; maybe the more physical comforts and familiar things he can provide Dean, the further away he'll be able to drive the memories of imprisonment and the better Dean will feel.
Eileen’s over almost every day, updating the archive catalogues or cleaning her weapons on the map table or doing research in the library while Sam makes googly eyes at her over the top of his lore notes. Her company comes with the added bonus of distracting Sam, who’s been shooting Dean the kind of thoughtful, hesitant looks that Dean knows from unfortunate experience always herald an upcoming Conversation.
opening up in his chest. Something enormous and aching, a hole where someone should be. He wants to weep, and doesn’t know why. He twists around to look over his shoulder. The back seat of the Impala is empty. It’s
"This stuff starts eating into flesh after about thirty-six hours," Raz tells Castiel. "I take it off now, though? You're good as new. Mostly."
The demon to his right, the only one with a female vessel, barks out a sharp laugh as he glares at her. "That ain't gonna do you any good without any juice to back it up," she tells him.
“God’s not even gone for a week and already you’re bored with cases,” Dean chides. His arm twinges—he’d landed on it badly when the vamp threw him. He reaches across to rub at the sore spot, then snatches his hand back in shock, staring at his shoulder.
“I do,” Dean says. He takes Cas’s hand, laces their fingers together. “I want everyone I love there.”
His double stands with its back to Castiel, facing a lawn chair in which a dazed-looking Dean is slumped. Dean's face is turned towards the dream-Castiel; a beer dangles loosely from his fingers and his expression is one of utter confusion.
—and Castiel's wings are shattered beyond repair, twisted mockeries of what they once were, and his true form is barely any better, and how
He sees her eyes slide to the money, sees her bite her lower lip thoughtfully. She reaches into her pocket and pulls out a phone.
"Are wings really private or something?" Dean feels a stab of remorse; he shouldn't have looked at Cas's wings without asking first.
Something about his eyes, the cadence of his voice, tugs at Castiel the way the man's smile tugs at his mouth. He frowns for a moment, distracted by it. Maybe this is why he reacts slowly—why he blinks and touches his own pockets, as if there was any way he could possibly have picked up the man's crossword or wallet or something during their brief interaction.
"I'm right here," Castiel says urgently. Dean turns toward him, head tipping frantically in the direction of Castiel's voice. "I'm
"You're crying," Castiel says, with wonder. He kisses Dean's cheek, the bridge of his nose. Runs his thumb along the edge of Dean's jaw.
. Dean tugs a little harder, both hands wrapped around the monstrosity as it thrashes, and meets resistance, as if it's anchored somehow, deeper where he can't see.
Dean's phone doesn't ring on the drive back to the Bunker, but that's okay. Because—well, maybe Cas lost his cell, what with getting shuffled back and forth between a cosmic void dimension and all. And anyway, Dean doesn't want this conversation to happen over the phone, he wants to—he wants to talk to Cas face-to-face. They should talk face-to-face.
. "We're gonna figure it out, okay? We’re somewhere else, right? This is good, this is different. You were right, we made it too hard for Chuck to reset."
The scythe-blade bursts out of the front of his chest with a sound like whispering silk. Chuck gags on the middle of a word, his head tipping back. His blue eyes are round with shock, fixed up toward the afternoon sky like mirrors.
“Why don’t we just split the difference and put it over there,” Dean suggests, pointing at a spot between the two contested corners.
“You are—you have always been—so full of life,” Cas says. “And now I’m—well.” The corner of his mouth tugs up, a sad, bitter smile. “The antithesis of that. To wear this ring, to carry this weapon—it isn’t just a title, it’s a—a nature. It’s death. You can’t—you couldn’t possibly want to be around that. Around me.”
"I don't think it is," says Dean sadly. "I don't think it is, but god, Cas, I wish it was. It's like there's something—something scraped out of my chest, all the time, you know? I think—"
Dean feels the knife slide in, under his ribs, and he can't stop the punched-out sound that leaves his throat as his knuckles go white against Sam's shoulder. The knife feels hot, like someone's digging into him with a heated poker. But the surge it sends through his veins is cold: ice crawling through him, frostbite under his skin. He can feel Sam's hand tightening on his shoulder, holding him up as his knees threaten to buckle underneath him. A swell of vertigo makes him screw his eyes shut for a second.
"It's a lot to take in," says Cas. He smiles a little, but it's a taut expression, and the ever-present worry lines stay creased around his eyes. Dean squashes the urge to reach over and smooth them out. "I'm overjoyed we have Jack again, of course."
"It's alright," Cas is saying. One of his hands comes up to rest, almost hesitantly, against Dean's hair. It's achingly different from when the Empty mimicked the gesture just minutes before. "It's alright, Dean."
, I think it’s time for everyone who doesn’t live here to head out!” says Dean more loudly than is, strictly speaking, necessary.
He tightens his grip on the scimitar, reassured by the fact that Cas seems able to stand on his own two feet. He wants to spare a glance around him to check on the others, but the fey are advancing toward him and there’s no time. He’ll cut through this entire room if he has to, before he lets any of them lay another hand on Cas—
—he shakes off the surge of helpless wanting that threatens to leave him speechless, and plunges doggedly ahead.
He crosses the landing and walks past the first of the senior lockers. There's another group of students leaning against the lockers chatting—Castiel thinks he recognizes one of them from the cheerleading squad. He throws them a grin as he passes and one of them—the cheerleader,
...me, forcing gentle readers everywhere to wade through oceans of angst before we get to a happy ending? IT'S MORE LIKELY THAN YOU THINK
. Sulfur curdles in the back of his throat and he barely manages to avoid retching again. He curls in on himself and squeezes his eyes shut. Tries to focus on his breathing, tries to count inhales and exhales as he fights the surge of panic. Cas got him out. Cas is coming for him. Except no, that’s not right, there’s no one coming for him, because Sam—Sam has Eileen, and Dean’s happy for Sam, he
with it all. To have Cas look him in the eyes and just say the words, just take back what he'd said, just tell Dean that
Raz winks at Castiel, and places the slug on his bare chest. It ripples, suddenly animate, and oozes along his torso like the real thing. It leaves a trail of glittering gold ooze behind it, like a brush streak of metallic paint. Castiel feels it against his skin, cool at first, then warm, suddenly, tingling. And then
"Lord Asmodeus wants us for other business," Raz tells Castiel. "So we won't see you tomorrow. But we don't want you forgetting us while we're gone, yeah?" Castiel barely registers his words. The demons' voices are faint, tinny, filtered through a miasma of pain. The Kaustos polyp is still moving, back and forth across his ribs, leaving that trail of corroding slime, eating away at him.
Were Castiel anyone else, and were the situation anything less dire, the pain might have been incapacitating. As it is, he nearly hits the ground as a searing, caustic agony envelopes him. It's not as
It's only about twenty seconds, but it feels like an eternity. When he finally musters up the courage to glance back over his shoulder, Cas is gone. His half-empty mug sits on the counter, unattended.
Behind him, both hands wrapped around the scythe haft, Sam curls his lip in a snarl. “Pretty sure Death’s scythe can kill a cosmic entity.”
Dean is looking up at Castiel, and under the shifting light his eyes are soft with wonder. He laces his fingers behind Castiel's neck.
"Morning, sunshine," Dean says. His voice is raspy with sleep, but he doesn't stop smiling, even when Castiel slowly reaches out with his right hand to press his fingertips against Dean's warm, cocooned body. Castiel looks past Dean and sees a familiar wall, a familiar bedside table. He recognizes the distant hum now; it's the Bunker's generators, whirring quietly in their underground halls. The scent that surrounds him is Dean's; this is Dean's bedroom, in the Bunker.
"Dean," Cas says, low. There is so much abject misery visible on his face that Dean wants to close his eyes again. "I don't regret anything I said. I don't take it back. But I don't expect a response from you. That is not why I said it."
Sam looks carefully at him after Eileen leaves. Dean can feel himself starting to bristle slightly in response. Sam's been giving him that look almost non-stop, ever since he and Jack came bursting into the Bunker to find Dean huddled on the storeroom floor with blood on his jacket and his head in his hands.
Cas is alive, Dean thinks again. Cas is alive, and they found him, and Dean sure as hell doesn't deserve any thanks for what he did, but Cas is
, dammit," says Dean a third time, angrily, and Michael is still wary, disbelieving, because Michael doesn't know this world's Dean—Michael doesn't know what this world's Dean has done and will do to save Sam Winchester.
"I thought," Castiel tries, but Dean strides forward, jabbing his finger at the air between them as if personally offended by it.
Castiel shakes his head mutely, in denial. Raz ignores him. "End of the day, though, I don't give a fuck about the stories," he muses. "Getting to work a little magic on these gorgeous—well, I assume they
—Jesus, there has to be a little bit of angel still in Cas, because that’s the only thing that would explain how freakishly strong he still is—lifts Dean effortlessly onto the edge of the table.
Cas frowns again. “It was fortunate you did. We didn’t have a way to draw Chuck out, from here. But you and Sam, you broke free and forced him to return to the flow of time.”
"No," Dean blurts, not quite sure why that's his answer, unless it's that he's only himself and Castiel is
The effect is immediate; Dean lets out his breath in a soft gasp, and his whole body cants ever so slightly toward Castiel. Castiel swallows and puts his other hand against the back of Dean's head, holding him steady.
“You want us to suffer? Done. You don’t think we’re going to suffer, trapped in some fucking awful ending, knowing that we’ll never see anyone we care about again? Trust me, we will. Just bring Cas—”
"I—" Dean's voice cracks. Absurdly, he feels tears prickle at the corners of his eyes. "I—everything. I want—I want—" Cas eases his thigh between Dean's legs and Dean barely recognizes the breathy, punched-out noise that leaves his own mouth. "Everything, with you, Cas."
"Dean." Jody's voice is hesitant, furtive almost. Dean feels his body clamber, somehow, even further into fight-or-flight mode.
"You scared me when you told me how you felt about me," Dean says bluntly. He picks at a loose thread on one of his cuffs. "I think I...I think I knew. Maybe not always, but for a long time. I knew you felt that way, and I just...I guess I thought we would just never bring it up. Because I figured, you're an angel, and I'm...well, I'm this." He makes a jerky, meaningless gesture towards himself. "I'm...just this."
Michael surveys the hallway, peers up at the flickering light fixtures with mild disinterest. He has his hands tucked in the pockets of that same dull green jacket he wore the day Sam yanked him into the Cage. "A liminal space, existing outside and around the worlds you know."
"Yeah, he was saying some shit about Cas," says Sam, his voice taut with carefully controlled anger. Castiel flinches. "Didn't care for his tone."
Dean swings his legs off the bed and stands, his face completely expressionless. "You could've gotten a different motel room at least, Cas," he says lightly, but one hand is gripping the bedside table so hard that the knuckles are completely white.
Something like anger flits across the features of Raz's vessel for an instant, and his eyes flicker black, so fast it could almost have been a trick of the firelight. Then he laughs and taps the sigil on the floor. It activates with a burst of warm radiance and Castiel arches his spine and screams as pain rips through him.
to come across Cas anywhere in the bunker—that he's always expecting Cas to have left while Dean wasn't watching.
, as he looks at Dean. The light burnishes the openness of his face, paints it a ruddy gold. "Do you want me to?"
feel near-constant, now, until the room feels suffused in them. Castiel rises, brushing drops of meltwater off his hands, stalling before he has to turn and face Dean again.
—shudder with the loss, an involuntary reflex. He needn't have worried: it's only a spark, but it's the deepest, holiest core of who he was, and it's powerful enough to level this barn, char a human to ashes, melt the Impala into a heap of slag. It coils and blazes like starfire in the very tips of his fingers, and Castiel places his palm squarely over the hole in Dean's back and releases all of it in a single burst of silver-bright light.
Dean sucks in a lungful of air, feels himself falling, feels his back hit the polished floor. Everything is unbearably bright and unbearably loud—Sam's frantic voice, Cas's wordless cry. Hands pressed against his side, making him hiss in pain. Fingertips against his temple.
It's enough grace to level a small house, and there's a fair amount of spillover; silver-white radiance fountains up around Castiel's palm, and most of the rest of Corin's body is also reduced to ash by the time bright flare of light ebbs.
"A bit," says Dean quietly. "Quite...quite a bit, Cas. We put gauze over it, I don't know if the...if the feathers will..."
"No," Dean blurts, voice surfacing at last, and something gleams in his eyes, a frantic terror. "No, please, don't—"
, it hurts like they've been dipped into molten metal, like they're being devoured by a thousand tiny fanged jaws.
It's the breaking of Cas's voice that does it, like it's breaking Dean's self-loathing at the same time. Dean steps forward—almost stumbles, like he's being dragged in by some kind of undeniable gravity. Cas clutches the front of Dean's shirt and sort of
Dean hadn't even heard them go. Jesus, some hunter he is. John Winchester is probably turning in his metaphorical grave.
Alone in his cell, Castiel struggles on the floor. His sense of time is shaky, indistinct, but it feels like hours pass while he writhes and shudders. He tries scraping the slug off against the walls, but only succeeds in smearing the caustic gold substance around greater areas of his skin. Meanwhile, the device simply flattens to paper-thinness and resists all his efforts. It continues to ooze steadily across his body—over his back, up and down his arms, around his neck—covering him in streaks of burning gold. It avoids the cuts of the demons' previous sessions with him, seeming to prefer unbroken skin on which to inflict its painful excretions. If his hands had been free, he would have torn into his own flesh to rid himself of the polyp; as it is, he grits his teeth around the leather gag, lies as still as he can, and tries to keep from blacking out.
Dean shoves open the driver’s side door and stumbles out onto the tarmac. A semi blares by in a rush of wind and sound. He bends to brace his hands on his knees, hyperventilating. His eyes sting.
(Cas, it had turned out, even newly resurrected and tied to a chair, could kiss like a champion, and had done so with a vigor and enthusiasm that seemed to indicate he had also harbored certain similar feelings for years.)
Dean unspools the thing for what feels like an eternity but can't actually be more than a minute, and one end finally comes free, the tail lashing in mid-air, one end still buried in Cas's insides somewhere—and then the whole process stops with a jerk, because the other end
Dean sprints up the trail toward the highway, the muscles in his thighs burning. He can't go quite as fast as he’d like because he needs to watch his step; to his right the earth drops away into a low ravine that sports a dry creek bed and a handful of cedar saplings. It’s a good thirty or forty feet down the near-vertical slope—not enough to kill him as long as he doesn't split his head open on a boulder on the way down, but enough to be unpleasant and probably break a bone he needs for either walking or fighting.
Gradually his awareness filters out to the rest of his senses; he becomes conscious of an uneven warmth surrounding him, and then of other sensations, crowding in. A soft weight pressed against his limbs. A faint, faraway hum that is somehow vaguely familiar. A scent he knows well.
been a soulless Jack they'd been facing, after all. Just with the skeleton of the real Jack buried somewhere inside, a memory, an unlit lamp.
Castiel hadn't seen any reason to mention this to Dean, but the healing has drained him as well—he's exhausted as he pulls out of the parking lot under the still-overcast sky, his head pounding. His wings, tucked away in the etheric plane, ache sharply, even more so than usual.
happiness—there's a hollowness too, something aching under his ribs. It unsettles him; he looks away and occupies himself with unpacking their bags.
As if he's hearing the thoughts that flit through Castiel's mind, Dean exhales heavily, and when he speaks again, his voice is tender but deliberate. "Cas, "I'm not losing you again. You mean too much to me, you got that?"
for very long. Dean can't say exactly when he realized how he felt about Cas; he just knows that for what feels like years, it's been thrumming inside his chest, bursting to get out, and when he saw Cas tied to that chair, perfectly still, blood soaking his bare chest—Dean had felt like
"Great plan," Dean mumbles. He starts tracing patterns onto Castiel's stomach with his fingertips. Castiel presses a kiss to the top of Dean's head and wonders if he's still in a dream, if he's going to wake up any minute and lose this, all of this.
"And I hope you've enjoyed your few days' respite," Corin drawls, sounding bored. He fishes in his pocket with his free hand. "In time, this will be just a blip, sweetheart. I promise you that. Just a brief flash in the long darkness of your days. You'll wonder if you dreamed it."
“Don’t demur,” says Cas. His arms are warm against Dean’s stomach and back. He smells like apples and nutmeg and popcorn, and underneath it, buried deep but still there, he smells like lightning and raw pine and the air right after a storm. He smells like Cas.
Castiel lays down a towel and drains the infected wounds as best as he can, dousing them with isopropyl alcohol and covering them in squares of gauze. He is grateful for the little first aid he'd learned from the Winchesters in past years, but wishes he'd paid more attention even to that. More than that, he wishes Sam were around, with his steady hands, the calm efficiency built out of years playing field doctor in motel rooms like this one. Dean hisses at the first splash of isopropyl, and grabs for Castiel's coat with his free hand, burying his fingers in the fabric.
"Now his ears," sing-songs the vampire, and the hands holding his head in place are twisting it to the side.
, he thinks, even as he feels the Empty worming its way around Cas's body, engulfing him slowly like a parasite, like a blight. He curls his fingers around Cas's face, around Cas's shoulder. He digs his fingers through a cold nothingness like the vacuum of space and finds Cas beneath it.
Cas looks between the two of them. "I am...okay." The last word lilts up, almost questioning, as if seeking reassurance.
His soul sparks slightly as he speaks, a shivering flare of greasy scarlet. Castiel reacts without thinking, his hand jumping to Dean's shoulder even though it isn't Dean's body that needs steadying. Dean tips his head back and squints in the lamplight, eyes intent on Castiel. His lips are slightly parted, and the whole line of his throat with its half-healed gash is exposed.
"Alright," soothes Castiel. It's awkward maneuvering from a kneeling position, but he gets his arms under Dean's shoulders and knees, lifting smoothly as he stands.
"Yeah, man, the joy's just radiating off you," Dean says, and gets a withering look for his troubles.
"I..." Castiel falters, because he operates under the default assumption that Dean could bear it perfectly well without him. Dean has Sam, after all. Dean has a home and a family and a purpose, and Castiel is...counted as a friend, yes, maybe even family, but dead weight in so many ways.
"Dean!" Castiel snaps in alarm, just as Dean presses his hands over his eyes and all but screams Castiel's name.
It's the monsters from the basement, the ones McGinnis had been keeping imprisoned. He sees the kitsune girl among their ranks and guesses she must have freed them from their chains.
Without warning, Castiel brings one hand to his mouth and licks his palm, and then he has Dean in hand. Without breaking the pace of his thrusting hips, he strokes Dean once, twice, three times, and then Dean is crying out and spilling onto Castiel's fingers, onto his belly, onto that orange-lit skin. He's barely aware of Castiel's muscles going taut, of Castiel gritting out a desperate, formless sound between clenched teeth as his hips punch upwards one last time. Their bodies hold the position in shaking tandem for a long, blissfully-stretched second, before Castiel's hips finally drop back onto the blanket.
Dean turns around, hating himself for the way his eyes are smarting. He pretends to sweep imaginary dust off the counter—which is spotless, thank you very much—so that he doesn’t have to look at Cas any longer. He doesn’t think he can bear it. It’s like he got a glimpse through a door before it slammed shut again, and now the walls are claustrophobic, closing tight around him, taunting him with what he can’t have. The nearness of Cas, all the familiarity of him turned sharp and aching by the
? We left Cas in the—in the—” He can barely say it. He sees, again, the black tar devouring Cas's tear-streaked face. It's burned into his brain. How could he have ever
He moves his fingers up to Castiel's collarbone. The absence of pain is almost dizzying; Castiel groans in spite of himself, arching his back, tilting his head back to press his throat against Raz's fingers, shaking with relief as more and more of the slug's ooze is neutralized by the salve.
"You laid bare who I was," says Gadreel with something like awe. "And you wrested my name from me, you saw my shame, but when you called me by it there was...I am used to scorn and disgust and hatred, when angels speak my name, if they speak it at all, but
“Fraid so,” says Chuck, and smiles a terrible, pleasant smile. “Things have been different, ever since the Empty woke up. New rules. New preventative measures. I can’t go plucking things out of the old void warehouse like I used to. Can’t even
him. A stab of disgust and horror runs through him like ice water; his stomach turns and he retches emptily, fists clenched behind his back.
"What the fuck was that?" he rasps at the pair of—apparently—newly minted deities standing off to the left. The echoes of the shot that—that killed Chuck, that turned him to
He is lost, he thinks, as he has always been lost, for Dean Winchester. He cannot let Dean go. He cannot let Dean be lost to him.
Gadreel slides the glasses on. "You can look at them too, Sam. I'm not ashamed of them." He rolls his shoulders slightly, turning to look over first one and then the other. Then he says, as if in reply to a question, "No, they don't look any different than another angel's would. Almost all of my kind lost their wings in a similar manner."
"I remember," Castiel says softly. "I saw the Impala. Right before I passed out." He doesn't mention that he'd thought it was, quite literally, the void come to claim him.
? How many times have he and Sam been spliced into a narrative out of which Cas has been excised, shelved away like he never mattered at all? How many times has Dean had to feel, again, the punch of shock as he realizes what's supposed to be fitted into the empty chasm under his ribs?
like he's about to fall over, so he risks putting one hand back on Cas's cheek, using his thumb to smear away the solitary tear. "I love you, and you're an idiot."
"You heard me," Dean says, and his voice rises. "Were you ever going to come back? Or were you just going to hide out here playing fixer-upper, forever?"
Courtesy of Sam, Dean’s wearing an incredibly ugly sweater with the promised fake poinsettias. He doesn’t feel
Eileen descends the stairs, brushing popcorn crumbs and silvery oak leaves out of her hair. “Well, next time you should probably ask before you kick the door down.”
Dean scrubs at his eyes. He’s tired. “You wanna tell me why the hell you’re dodging around the place like you’re breaking and entering?”
happened between them, if Dean had managed to get his head out of his ass any of those long years he wasted—that isn’t on the table now. Dean didn’t have jack shit to offer an angel even if he could’ve managed to enough courage to make a move, and he’s got even less he can offer a deity, or something like one.
he can, and when Cas's soulmate shows up and Dean has to step aside, at least he'll do so with the privilege of having been loved by Cas for even a small portion of his life.
Corin removes what he was digging in his pocket for and drops it on the carpet in front of Dean: a pair of handcuffs. Dean looks down at them. Slowly, he reaches out.
“Alright!” Dean half-yells. He jabs a finger at the depowered nephilim kid currently licking snow out of a fold in his scarf. “Jack—you’re the tiebreaker. Sam, you’re not an unbiased voter, you go finish your damn lights.”
Dean’s seen this movie about a million times, which is his excuse for drowsing through the latter half of it. Jack’s already conked out in the armchair, his fifth cup of cocoa tipping perilously in his lap.
Dean hits first, back and shoulders slamming against the plaster, and Castiel releases him so that he can slam his palms into the wall on either side of Dean's head. He can hear the cheap material crunch under the impact, but he doesn't care—doesn't, to borrow a turn of phrase from Dean,
"I know," says Sam. "He never will. That's just it, though, isn't it? He's never going to stop having faith in me, and I...uh, honestly Dean, it scares the shit out of me. But. Yeah."
"Sounds good," Dean says immediately. "Bunker's not going anywhere. And I'm weirdly beat considering you just healed me."
Castiel cocks his head very slightly, the gesture somehow every bit as sincere as all the expressions before were smug. "Do you want me to look?" he says carefully.
"You know something?" he says to Chuck. He makes his voice loud, brazen, even as he edges away from the advancing deity in front of them, pulling Sam with him. "You're not all that original. But
, breathing and alive despite it all, and maybe it's not surprising that Castiel is wholly unprepared for the
—he doesn’t have the right to touch Dean so gently, look at Dean so tenderly, when it isn’t—when it doesn’t mean—when he’s just going to leave again.
"I know, I know he didn't, but he still—the things he would say—" Sam covers his eyes with one hand. When he pulls it away, there's a tear wobbling in his lashes. "I just—Dean, I'm not Dad. Okay? I just want you to know. I'm
Castiel loosens his grip on the coat, but Dean stays where he is, on his hands and knees with his head tipped up, his mouth
Chuck looks up, squints at Michael, who’s materialized out of the night just a few feet away. "Could have sworn I snapped away just about everyone on this damn planet," he says testily. "Angels included."
"Yes." Behind the magical lenses, Gadreel's gaze is impassive. He takes off the glasses, passes them back to Dean. "There is one angel who was cast out of Heaven in human form. Whose wings were not present during his Fall, and so never burned."
"Don't be," Castiel tells him. He lifts his hand to the collar of his own shirt, above where the line of buttons begins, and then he curls his fingers into the crisp fabric and rips, straight down. Threads snap and buttons go flying and then the shirt is open, and Castiel is shrugging out of it.
And thank you everyone for your wonderful comments, especially the people who've been commenting on multiple chapters, it's really encouraging! <3 you guys give me life!
Dean shoves his chair violently away from the table. "Stop." He feels heat rising in his face even as the whole rest of his body feels frozen, like his limbs don't belong to him. There's a sudden roaring in his ears, as if he's teetering on the edge of the sea. He thinks of alleyways and bathroom stalls. Dampness seeping through the knees of his jeans. His own face glimpsed in dirty mirrors, unrecognizable.
you, you asshole," Dean snaps, and instantly regrets it. He swivels his head toward the door, his whole body tensing as he waits for Castiel to order him out or come at him swinging. It's a small bedroom. He's
Castiel thinks of oblivion, of letting go, of the void's warped measure of peace. Weighs it against the freckles he placed on a body, once, when he rebuilt it from moldering scraps in a pine box six feet under the earth. It's not even close.
Cherry stops. She turns to Castiel again, this time with a look of exasperation. "You made it sound like he'd be a lot more enthusiastic," she says, testy. "Oh, god. Is he a virgin?"
"Yeah, whatever, I know you said he had his reasons. I'm just saying they'd better be good, is all."
felt, and I figured we would just...never do anything about it. I figured it was just safer that way. Better. Because I knew I wasn't gonna make him happy. I mean, look at my fucking track record, I've mostly hurt him, haven't I? So—yeah, even if we weren't constantly running around dealing with one fucking apocalypse after another, it was never something that was gonna work. And I knew he was never gonna stay. I'm not—I'm not a person people fucking stay around for."
Cas shifts his weight awkwardly from foot to foot, then continues, "There's much to be done, still. But it's a worthy cause, and I do have much to atone f—"
They sit for a little while in silence, as stars start to wink into view across the sky, faint in the indigo twilight. "This is a nice spot," says Dean. "Where are we, anyway? This still my heaven? I know they're all overlapping now."
“I guess I should say thanks, too,” Dean murmurs. “You saved my life. Again.” He still has one hand curled in the fabric of Cas’s coat, and he moves it to Cas’s hair, holding him close. He never wants to stop holding Cas. God, how did he go so many years
as bad, as the pain in his chest, in his throat, in his heart. Everything he knows he could never be is clawing to life inside him, fighting to be let out. It won't
Dean twists awkwardly, groping a hand over his own spine. A ragged exhale punches out of him as he looks from Sam to Castiel. Castiel, for his part, can't look away; he feels light-headed, pain still roiling through him, but that doesn't seem nearly so important as the fact that all he needs to do is just stand and stare at Dean. At the living solidity of him, the curve of his mouth as he sucks another breath into unpunctured lungs, the wideness of his eyes—and
Dean's face wavers, his soul beating against his ribs like a dying creature. He looks straight ahead, past Castiel, and waits.
“After the stockings,” Cas says, taking the seat next to Dean’s, “there’s usually a fawn that gets slaughtered—I don’t think Dean and Sam partake in that bit, which is good because I don’t think we could find a fawn willing.”
"Come on, buddy," Dean mutters. He clenches his fists. Greenish smoke rises from the mouth of the trash can. "Cas, please."
“I don’t,” he tells Cas, and has to pause to take a breath, take hold of all the courage he has left, “I don’t want a story without you in it.”
, and somehow this is harder. To move one limb just a few inches. To make just a few tendons and muscles obey his stupid dumb heart.
It ebbs, slowly. The light and exultation of it all recedes until Castiel is aware of the bounds of his vessel again, aware of Dean's warmth under him and a sleepy, luxurious sort of bliss spreading through his limbs. He opens his eyes, is startled when darkness greets him.
Cas doesn't say anything. He slides his hands along Dean's ribs and around to Dean's back. His fingers curl against Dean's shoulder blades, their grip tightening urgently.
Cas doesn't move at all. Dean doesn't even think Cas is breathing. That's fine; Dean doesn't think he's breathing either. The light glitters gold in Cas's eyes, in his lashes.
And then Dean whirls, graceful under the maelstrom of that light as it thrums and spins against the Bunker's ceiling. Dean whirls, as fast and determined as if he's killing a monster or fighting for someone's life, and a moment later his hands are on Castiel's face, his mouth on Castiel's mouth, crushed hastily against it as if it's the last second they have together in this life or any other.
He freezes. Blinks. Stares at the dark feathery expanse of his left wing, neatly folded against his bare back, half-swathed in clean white gauze.
Dean tries to roll away, put distance between himself and the creature so that he can scramble up. But the wendigo’s directly on top of him, its rancid breath puffing hot against his face; its weight pins him to the ground as he struggles to slither out from under it and protect his throat at the same time. And he feels, he
"I called to him," says Jack softly. "While your attention was focused on Sam and Dean." He's standing so close to Michael that their hands are brushing. "Guess you missed him, when you were wiping the map."
"Dean," says Castiel. It occurs to him that this is probably exactly how the sigils were carved in the first place—Dean open and vulnerable under the knifepoint, someone leaning over him, digging a blade into his skin. "We don't have to do this."
“You’re crying,” Cas murmurs, though Dean can see plainly that Cas is crying too. Cas traces his thumb over the bones in Dean’s face, smearing tears over the skin.
. The events from the previous night come rushing back and Castiel catches his breath in wonder at it all. He brings his arms up, wraps them around Dean. Breathes in the warm scent of him.
Dean freezes, the faint echoes of his soul becoming even fainter, curling inwards. "Buy a guy dinner first, Cas," he quips half-heartedly. He doesn't turn around, even though Castiel is so close behind that he can feel the warmth emanating from Dean's body.
Dean takes it without meeting Castiel's eyes. He takes a slow sip, then tips his head back and drinks deep, eyes screwed shut, water spilling over his chin. Castiel pulls his eyes away from the motion of Dean's throat and rips open a pack of gauze.
Dean huffs a laugh. A memory floats, unbidden, to the forefront of his mind. "Lemme...lemme bottom-line it for you," he pants. God, his side hurts. He lets his head drop, lets it rest on the strange featureless surface this dimension has crafted for them to splay out on. "I'm not leaving here without you."
?” Jack says, his mouth full of candy from the sampler box, which had been received with much delight for the contents, as well as praise for Cas’s second—Eileen-supervised and highly improved—wrapping attempt.
, Plant croons. Dean jabs at the buttons in increasing desperation. The tape is ejected finally, into his shaking hand.
!" Dean looks up again and this time he's skewered by Cas's gaze, suddenly focused—Cas's eyes are wide, glassy, the pupils blown to huge black suns. The tendon's in Cas's throat are taut as he strains his neck up from the table to lock eyes with Dean. "
, Dean thinks, feeling slightly hysterical. He shoots a look at Cas, expecting him to head over there too, given that he’s the third member of this new cosmic trinity or whatever. But bringing back everyone who got snapped into oblivion must not be something that requires Death’s help, because Cas just stands there, gun tucked under his arm, studying him.
"Sorry," says the man apologetically. He isn't holding his crossword now, of course, but his clothes are the same, albeit a bit more rumpled. His mouth tugs up in a rueful smile, half-embarrassed, half-amused. "I think you may have wound up with something of mine?"
to know I would never demand reciprocation, I would never want you to be uncomfortable, I know it’s something I can’t have—”
"You're beautiful," Cas mutters, leaning down over him, one hand braced on the hood beside Dean's head. His knee is back between Dean's thighs and Dean has to fight to lie still. "Dean...can I...may I..."
"Dean," says Sam, quietly, and he looks so utterly, heartbrokenly sad that Dean wants to turn away. He doesn't want to hear it. He doesn't want Sam to tell him that he's wrong, that Cas would have stayed—he doesn't want to think about the fact that he could have
Dean can't spare the brain cells to be relieved that their last-ditch hail-Mary of a plan somehow sort of succeeded. He was right—they never made it past the goddamn street corner. They never defeated Chuck, never saved the world. He can remember every pointless day of the false narratives, every repetitive racetrack loop Chuck had them running. All fake.
Unbidden, the memory of Cas swims to the forefront of Dean's mind. Not surprising—not like it hasn't been playing on loop in his brain for the past forty-eight hours. A tiny eternity of remembrance.
“Well, more room for me,” he yawns, and stretches out nearly horizontal, pillowing his head against Cas’s besweatered shoulder. There’s something he wants to ask, he remembers. He tries to push off the fog of impending sleep.
, he thinks, and there’s that grief again, clawing his ribs apart, muscling its way up his chest into his throat. He wonders if this is just how he’ll have to live, from now on. If he’s just going to walk around with sorrow trying to cut his knees out from under him, with this wordless keening always burgeoning in his lungs.
"Jesus—it's this place, isn't it," says Dean, and he can hear his own voice rising. Sam's going to kill him if he dies in here. "This fucking place is draining the life-force out of you, come on, Cas, please
"I know," says Dean, quietly. He presses his forehead against Cas's. Closes his eyes, inhales the nearness of Cas, the warmth of him. "I know."
Dean's mouth is warm against his, open a little in a soft gasp of surprise, and then Dean is pressing into Castiel, hands curling into the fabric of Castiel's dress shirt, the bundle of Dean's faded jeans and t-shirts getting crushed between their chests. Castiel twines his fingers through Dean's hair, drags his tongue over Dean's bottom lip, lets out a quiet gasp of his own as heat hums in the base of his spine, runs sweet and electric through his limbs and pools low in his belly. Dean is making the most marvelous wrecked noise directly into Castiel's mouth, his body is a long, taut line of solid warmth, and Castiel wants to hold them like this forever, lean into this forever. He wants to wrap Dean in himself and himself in Dean until he can heal the memory of all of their sorrows, all of their grief, all of their years spent yearning and wanting and not knowing, not hoping, not daring.
"I've never seen a ritual quite like this," says Sam. He touches the corner of the paper with something like reverence. "Where did you find—"
Dean gasps, curling his fingers deep into the feathers. Castiel finds himself echoing the sound as warmth blossoms in his wing, his grace sparking blissfully under Dean's touch.
—a deserted street corner, chill air seeping in through his jacket, streetlights shedding a pale cold radiance—
had called out a holiday greeting from the sidewalk as they drove past, and damn, Dean still can’t get used to people around town knowing who he is, even if it’s under a fake name.
fine. He thinks he can hear his own pulse rocketing through his brain. He might pass out. He might honest-to-God pass out in this doorway, right now.
Cas doesn't seem to hear; he drops his head against Sam's palm and screams again, long and keening and wrecked. Under Dean's fingertips, he feels something different—subtle ridges, indentations where there had been smooth slickness before. He squeezes, crushing it in his hand until he feels something
"Something's not—" Sam presses a hand against his temple. The machete shakes in his hand, like he's fighting the urge to swing it. His eyes move from Dean's chest to Dean's throat. "How much—how much longer to Washington."
Dean hovers by the bedside and stares down at Castiel, who looks, if possible, even more gorgeous up close. Dean's never even spoken to Castiel, only watched him hungrily from afar during games and practices. Now here the guy is, totally oblivious and an arm's length away, in all his tousled, artless, shirtless glory. Castiel is stretched out on his back on top of the patterned quilt with his hands tucked behind his head; even asleep, the corner of his mouth looks like it's tugged up in a half-smirk, the cocky expression of someone who knows they exist at the top of the food web.
He pivots and sprints the scant distance to the bathroom door, not even knocking in his haste. Inside, it's pitch dark, and Dean is doubled over on the tile floor, the towel tangled around his ankles, his breathing loud and panicky.
of him not to be prepared for it, for any possibility—and his senses are whirring on hyperalert as he nears the crest of the trail.
"I don't know," Cas whispers. He knots his hands together in front of him, an unconscious gesture that looks so human it makes Dean's heart ache. "I don't know."
“Goddammit,” he breathes, and turns away from the ruined blossoms so he doesn’t have to look the evidence in the face. He can hear Sam breathing shallowly behind him. Even in this wretched place, he knows the sound of Sam’s breathing as well as he knows his own—he can hear the little hitches of pain in it, can hear its forced evenness like Sam is trying not to draw attention to himself. He knows without turning to look that Sam is probably watching him, that Sam is waiting to see if Dean is going to explode in fury. Dean hates that, hates
Cas's face clouds over, like the sky before a storm. "Ah," he says quietly. "I understand the point she was trying to make."
—it's just Dean, falling. He catches a whirling glimpse of trees and sky and the wendigo’s receding form before another boulder clips the side of his head and his vision flashes white, then crimson. He ricochets, free-falls the last few. yards, and lands hard on his shoulder, rolling to a stop a few feet from the pebbled creek bed.
this?” says Eileen, sorting through the beginnings of the gift pile at the other end of the table. She picks up a glossy atrocity that looks more as though someone crumpled up an entire roll of gift wrap versus anything that actually contains a present.
As for Jack, Dean hasn’t actually seen much of the kid. He supposes Jack could be spending a fair amount of time outside the Bunker—catching up with Michael or Cas on...universe business, or whatever. He knows that Jack is
, and how a sound that's usually the purveyance of elderly librarians can sound so hot coming from that mouth, Dean has no idea. "That's the last time you'll say a name in here that isn't mine."
"He doesn't belong to you," says the dream-Castiel. "Not anymore. He belongs to me. Isn't that right, Dean?"
The tenderness of the gesture startles a few sparks of life back into Dean's satiated brain. He blinks hazily down at Castiel and is hit by the sudden urge to kiss him again, long and slow and lazy, and maybe pull off the blindfold and see if Castiel's eyes are as blue up close as they look out on the field in afternoon sunlight. He drops his gaze after a moment, suppressing the desire. Registering the release now cooling on Castiel's skin, he reaches out to wipe it away.
"Oh," says Dean eloquently, as his brain kicks into overdrive while, simultaneously, his lungs start to seize weakly on nothing at all. He sees Chuck pop into view just over Sam's shoulder. "Son of a
Castiel does move, but only to stretch lazily on the bed, his bare feet glowing in the orange light as he stretches and then flexes his calves and settles more comfortably into the pillows.
He gets cut off as Cas pulls him into another kiss. Dean revels in it, the syrup-slow lightning of their mouths, the heat that lances down his spine when Cas’s tongue slides against his. Cas tips his head and kisses the corner of Dean’s mouth, then up along the edge of his jaw, and
"Yes," says Castiel, and then hears himself add, "Eventually. We don't need to leave town right away." He had, in fact, been thinking that they could make the drive today. But now he looks at Dean's face and feels his own dread at the thought of the dusty corridors, and thinks to himself that maybe if they wait another day or two he can get hold of Sam, somehow. It's not the Bunker Dean needs most right now, it's his brother.
Sam shifts; Gadreel says mildly, "It's alright. Though I don't understand the joke." He frowns. "Nor Castiel's behavior."
"They weren't careful here," Castiel says softly, reaching up with his free hand to brush against the jagged gash in Dean's throat.
The void claws at him, lashes at him with the torrent of its emptiness. But it's weaker than it's been before—rattled and off-kilter, like something blazed through and hammered away at all of its foundations. Jarred the seams loose enough for something to slip in, or out.
"You will," says Chuck, cold. Light splits the skin of his face, whites out his glacial eyes. "You are."
, in an equally terrifying way, know that there's something stirring, in the figurative hole that got punched through his chest in the empty storage room mere days ago. It's something immense and tender and too bright for him to look at head-on, which is why he is resolutely
, the whole time I was using his limbs to carve you apart. Let you try to tell him you don’t blame him, all while he has his hands wrist-deep in your guts.” He glances to the side. “Sam could probably tell you something about that.”
Dean scrubs his free hand through his hair and grits his teeth. "Why the hell are you even bringing this up now, Sam?"
He fumbles with the container, trying to close it while also scanning the restaurant to see if the server is coming back with the pie, and accidentally dumps half the fries out onto the table.
"You're the one sneaking into my bedroom instead of enjoying yourself downstairs at my party," says Castiel amicably. "What'd you get dared to do, steal one of my socks?"
, Sam!" Dean clenches his hand around the empty bottle to keep it from shaking. He can't stop seeing it in his head. Cas's face. The Empty. Cas just—dissolving. Melting into nothing, as if he'd never existed. It plays on loop in his head.
Cas starts to cry out as they rush him up the stairs into the kitchen, his body jerking in their grip. The skin below his ribs ripples and heaves until Dean half-expects it to split open. He averts his gaze so that he can focus on not tripping. McGinnis's corpse lies in the corner where the last shotgun round had dropped him; his blood is spattered over the bars of the kitsune girl's cage. They lift Cas onto the narrow kitchen table and stand, panting, beside it.
It's cool to the touch despite the fact that it's presumably been living amid the steamy heat of someone's internal organs. His hand barely fits around it; he can feel it twisting under his grip, undulations growing more agitated. The low sounds Cas has been making stutter for an instant, like the sound is catching in the angel's throat, and then suddenly rocket up the scale into an ear-piercing howl.
, for words that won't lay him out bare and raw and split-open for Cas to see right through. "—Cas, I see one of the strongest people I've ever met in my life. I know you've made your share of mistakes but man, at the end of the day? There's
"Ugh," says Chuck. He grimaces. "Fucking spanner. You know, I never had any problems getting you and Sam to play ball in all the other universes where he just did what he was fucking told."
“I see our kid,” says Dean. And then, because Jack is still crying, and Dean can’t bear it any more than he could ever bear Sam crying, any more than he could bear Cas crying in that storeroom, Dean reaches out and cups his hand against the back of Jack’s head. Pulls Jack closer, until the kid stumbles up from his seat and presses into the hug. Buries his face in Dean’s shoulder, his narrow frame shaking with muted sobs.
Sam tilts his head back, wide-eyed. The shitty fluorescent lighting glimmers in the tears pooling in his lashes.
"It's alright," says Jack, reassuringly. "We're just going to talk. Cosmic entity to cosmic entity." There's that wry, ancient smile again, tugging at the corner of his mouth but making his eyes look somehow more serious. "But I can't keep it occupied with me for long."
"You're okay, Cas," Sam confirms gently. He puts a hand under Cas's elbow and nods to Dean; the two of them help Cas swing his legs over the edge and stand up from the table. Cas sways on the spot, face paling impossible further with the effort of standing. Dean leans in automatically, taking more of his weight; on Cas's other side Sam is doing the same thing, the two of them supporting the angel between them.
He exits the cell, leaving Castiel gagged on the floor, his shirt tangled around his bound wrists, his slacks and boxers pooled around his ankles where Raz had left them.
"Hmm." Dean ducks his head into Castiel's shoulder, tangles their legs together. "We should shower."
"Great timing, Sam," says Dean in disgust, staring at the body. He's holding Castiel's left hand now, his thumb running gentle circles against the skin of it, almost unconsciously. "Why the hell'd you drag it over here for?"
Eileen breaks the awkward halt in the conversation. “If we’re trying to beat Eve there...I’m guessing it’s because we don’t want to fight her?”
, in the middle of our yard. I almost shot him. I mean, I guess he would have been fine even if I had, but Jesus."
Sam is arraying his features into one of his infinite varieties of bitchface. Dean knows this one. It's the
," Dean groans, but he obeys, his fingers expertly wrapped around Castiel as he strokes. Castiel hushes him with a hard kiss, keeps his hand slow until Dean bucks up into it, desperation clear in the lines of his body. Dean's free hand scrabbles over Castiel's hip, searching for better purchase, and Castiel hisses again as Dean's fingers coax more heat into his groin, more flickers of lightning down his spine. He speeds back up, drops his hips a little so that he bumps against Dean, their hands jostling each other.
"I won't be long," he blurts, and all but runs from the room, grabbing his coat as he passes the bed, Dean's startled protests and the yellow-white recoil of his soul trailing Castiel out the door.
The Empty spits a kind of slow, entropic irritation at him. A resigned sort of disgust, a lowering of a weapon.
Castiel frowns, taken aback for a moment by her easy demeanor, and then he looks again at her clothes and her heels and puts it together—he's been to enough bars with Dean, after all.
"No more deals," Dean mumbles. He skims his hands over Castiel's shoulders, lays his palms against the sides of Castiel's face. His hands are broad and warm and gentle. His jaw is trembling. Castiel loves him, loves him, loves him. "Okay? Never do that again. Okay?"
Dean stares at Sam over the top of his beer. He has the sudden, wild urge to smash the bottle, shove the shards into Sam's eyes. He fights it off, frightened. "Me and you, Sam."
"Drink," he says, holding out one of the bottles of water. Dean takes it and Castiel rummages through the bags, pulling out the first aid supplies. When he looks up, Dean is still hunched over the unopened bottle, his hand shaking as he tries to break the seal on the cap, his jaw knotted tight.
, but he still has to know. He'd watched the way Dean's eyes had found Cas's face, earlier; he'd watched how Cas's nod was enough for his brother, as it always has been. But it's been a long time since Sam's run on nothing but faith, and so he has to
They never saved anyone. Jack never brought anyone back. Chuck broke the world and they didn't save it, they can't even save themselves from him now.
“I don’t know,” says Dean. He looks up at the landing, where Cas is smiling fondly at Jack as the kid slowly signs out a question to Eileen. “Maybe. Maybe just—something like it. Where we’re not
"Dean, no!" Cas is shaking his head frantically, backing away from Dean, folding his wings tightly against his back. "
It takes an instant for it to sink in, that this was all for nothing—that Cas is in danger, maybe dead or dying, and the clock is counting down the hours they have left, and they didn’t even get what they came for.
, he wonders. Something presses ruthlessly against the fiery burn of the wounds, until Dean cries out weakly and arches his back. Through blurry tears he sees a dark coat, a pair of frantic blue eyes. His vision swims and goes silvery-bright for an instant.
As far as he's concerned, that explains everything, but Raz keeps going, talking almost dreamily, as if he enjoys the smooth drawl of his own voice.
," he rasps, as Cas strokes him once, twice, again. He lifts his hips slightly so that Cas can tug his jeans further down with his free hand. "Cas—god,
"Try not to step on any loose nails," Jody advises drily, and crouches to start gathering up the firewood.
Cas is human, so he can't read thoughts, or hear prayers, not anymore. But maybe he knows Dean well enough to guess, anyway.
"I'll say. He's our kid, alright." Too late, Dean realizes what he's said—he flushes a little, averts his eyes from the unreadable expression suddenly crossing Cas's face.
But his words, of course, aren't what Dean needs. Castiel shivers and pulls his hand away, his stymied grace pooling in his fingertips like an electrical current. He turns and moves quickly to the door, letting himself out into the dregs of the night.
Dean's mouth is hanging open. Castiel wants to kiss it, so he does. Internally, he marvels that he can kiss Dean's mouth simply because he wants to,
“Ah,” says the fey. “Exclusively?” They tilt their head to the other side, antennae flaring with interest. “It has been a while since I had a mate at the summer court...would you be interested?”
“You didn’t,” says Dean in horror. His socks have tiny slices of pie on them, which is objectively awesome.
Castiel keeps his gaze trained on the floor, but he nods shakily. Dean has Castiel's hands in both of his own, massaging them carefully as circulation returns, his fingers tracing gently over the raw skin beneath where the cuffs had rested.
“How long to Washington?” says Sam, from the passenger seat. He’s rummaging through the bag of fast food they’d picked up for lunch.
“Nice,” Dean calls in mingled relief and admiration, as he catches her eye. She’s already helping Sam up, but she gives him a nod and a tight grin and he pivots to fire at two more leviathan who were trying to lunge at him from behind. He catches one full in the face with the borax shell, clips the other in the shoulder just enough to throw its swing wild.
Gathering the last of his strength, Castiel manifests his wings. His last, inane thought before he passes out is that the void looks an awful lot like a very familiar car.
