“Seriously, we’re not doing anything! How is it your happiest memory?” Dean asked
“Of course, because he wouldn’t really live,” Rowena said, “If the two of you hadn’t met, Castiel would still be in heaven, serving an uncaring God, oblivious to the whole world of feelings and experiences that is open to him now!”
"Essentially, yes," Rowena replied, "Except those wouldn't be just his dreams. I will have to teleport your consciousness into his. You will see everything he's seeing. You will have to find him and wake him up,"
Moments of silence slipped between them. Cas was thinking about his next move, Dean - about what Cas had just said. Maybe Winchester’s idea of happiness was rather grounded and consisted of things most people already have and take for granted. But that didn’t mean he ever would.
Dean was fast, but Cas was faster. Dean saw the glimpses of the trench coat among the trees, but that was it.
By the time they made it to the Bunker, Rowena was already there, waiting at the main door.  Dean parked the car and rushed to help Sam get Cas out. Rowena approached them.
"Come here," Dean led Cas to a booth not far from their old one. From there, they could see and hear everything their old selves were doing.
“Do what?”
“Sure, Cas,” Dean didn’t want to let go at all, but there’s only so long a hug can last between two buddies before it becomes awkward, and Dean had enough awkwardness for a lifetime that day. Slowly they both let go of each other, but Cas kept his hand on Dean’s forearm and his eyes were red again.
Carefully Dean knocked on Cas’s door and waited, but heard no sound coming from it. No gruffy “come in”, no ruffling of the bedsheets, no snoring. Dean knocked again, this time louder, but got the same reaction.
“I have a better question, what did
Cas asks, desperate and Dean feels it, feels his desperation and the weight of the whole heaven, the whole world on his shoulders. How could he not understand it before? How could he be so blind?
“You’re giving it to me?” Dean asked, looking up
Dean saw himself there. As far as he was concerned, that day wasn't any special - definitely not worth becoming one of the most fundamental memories that would torture Cas years to come. The memory Dean was raking leaves, unaware of still full angel mode Cas standing behind him
“Shit, no,” he tries again, tries to catch Cas by the blood and black ooze stained trench coat, and nothing works. Frustrated Dean punches the wall, but his fist goes right through it. He’s useless here.
“So is yours, old man,” Cas smiled again, even bigger and damn it was beautiful. Dean needed to immediately stop staring at his mouth, he needed to move away and
Cas was bright red by now, stubborn in his decision not to look Dean in the eye. He tapped his foot and kept picking on his nails with intensity that was almost concerning.
“When?”
“Cas, you’re okay?” Dean looked back at his friend, who was standing with his eyes closed and his back pressed against the door they came through, “Cas?” Dean moved to him, making Cas flinch and pushed himself harder against the door.
Benny.
Dean asked, "Why the hell?"
Dean paced towards Cas, hoping to get him and drag him out of this room before he does what he did, before he for the millionth time sacrifices his own health to help the Winchesters. Dean wants to yell at himself to stop Cas, to try to think of a better solution, but he doesn’t have time for that.
Dean smiled
Totally and completely.
“I think...I think that door is open,” Dean said and headed towards the door Naomi came through. She still stood there, her and Cas, frozen and motionless, but Dean speeded up when he passed them anyway. He stared at the ground, trying to ignore the biggest pile of bodies he had ever seen. Bodies with his own face.
“Alright,” Cas said and yawned, “Weirdly tired,” he added through the yawn
“It didn’t,” Cas said with a sigh, “It’s all in my head,”
“Yeah, Dean, you got it,” he said, clearly sarcastically
“Did you enjoy your birthday, Dean?” he asked. Dean put his arms around Cas’s waist and buried his nose into his neck, humming something like “definitely”. Castiel hugged him back,
Lucifer stood right in front of Cas’s chair, making him look up at him,
He reached the door quickly and after making sure that Cas - the real Cas, not cold-hearted brainwashed angel who stood in the center of the room - was behind him, he put his hand on the door handle, but before he could twist it, he heard a loud gasp.
“You know, at first I thought that’s just how all you angels were - nerdy, weird little dudes,” Dean started, “Turns out it’s just you,” he said, fond smile on his lips.
“No, seriously, Cas, why would you even assume I’d let you stay here?” Dean looked at Cas, who wouldn’t take his attention off of the door.
Cas answered because of course he did,
A shade of fear and shock creeped on Cas’s face, but he quickly got a hold of himself. He cleared his throat and looked down.
Soon Dean thought he was going to have to defend Cas from himself and wow was that a good metaphor for some periods of their relationship.
Dean closed his eyes. He can’t. He can’t.
“Do it! Come on!,” Cas screamed
They were standing in the hallway, right next to the Deancave. Soon the infamous and once glorious Team Free Will walked through the door and Dean and Cas followed them. Sam had a bowl of popcorn in his hands, Dean had many and many DVDs, while Cas carried his laptop. As they walked into the Deancave Sam immediately jumped onto the only armchair in the room, making Dean and Cas share the small couch. Neither seemed to mind.
“I think we did,”
“I can’t keep doing this,” Cas said, “Not with you, I can’t”
“You okay?” Dean asked Cas. Cas kept looking around, avoiding Dean’s eyes.
“It was the only way to save you, man,”
Cas answered
“In case it’s not clear by now...” he started and yes there he goes he can say it he can.
“Why are you even thinking about those things?” Sam asked.
“Yeah. It is,” Cas said, relieved.
. He had never seen this much of it before. It mesmerized him in the worst way possible.
walked in. Dean saw terror on his and Bobby’s faces and
“Nope,” Dean said to her, “You shall be on your way as soon as I see Cas up and running,”
“Dean, just don’t-”
“Why didn’t you say that then?” Dean replied
Dean smiled as Sam hugged him. He was happy for Sam - surely and sincerely, but he still held the days when Sam was always around dear in his heart.
Cas looked at Dean. He didn’t know hot to put all the thoughts he had at that moment into words, without scaring Dean away. Even now, Dean didn’t really like grand gestures and long speeches. They made him awkward and uncomfortable, so Cas did his best to keep it short and simple.
Cas took a deep breath and approached one of the doors. His hands shook, he wasn’t stable on his legs. But he was strong. The strongest.
“Do you mean it?” Cas asked
Blood. Endless streams of blood covered the floor, not leaving a single untouched spot. Blood flowed, coming from under every door. With the rate this was going, Dean thought for a second that he was going to drown, drown there, drown in blood. He always knew his death was going to be messy and bloody, but not
Castiel froze and a memory from weeks ago, of him doing a double take on Dean’s nails when they shook hands for the first time, came back to the surface. What a despicable move it was.
After a few seconds of going around in circles, not used to be together in the tiny room, Dean forced Castiel to sit down and look at his Netflix feed while he flipped through the takeout menus. At least that’s what he said, because after two minutes of scrolling through the endless list of movies, Castiel realized that Dean was staring at him, silent as the dead. Even with the best will in the world, it was hard to focus on these circumstances. He took his eyes of the screen to look at his feet, shifting awkwardly, when Dean suddenly gripped his wrist and blurted :
This chapter is so very dear to me ♥ Even if it's an alternating POV, this story showed way more of Dean's life than Cas'. But I have all of this picture in my head for a loooong time and I'm so glad I found the right moment to use it and show it to you.
His voice was a bit breathless and he spoke so fast that Castiel had to take a second to process what he heard. Since he was on Dean’s couch, on his call, for a moving night, he chose to read that awkward announcement the way he hoped it was meant. With a tiny thrill of hope, he tilted his head and locked his eyes with Dean’s.
To his opinion, he was looking his very usual self. Even his tie was as twisted as always, and Janice, by the way, reached out to fixed it. Castiel wished straight away he were wearing a t-shirt instead of his regular outfit.
” and “
“Yeah. Better send a fucking good application, idiot. Your family lives here and there’s a perfectly good job waiting for you. Get your shit together.” Bobby wasn’t getting any softer with age, Dean thought. On the other hand, maybe he doubled on the groans because he was indeed becoming more and more of an old sap.
Dean was about to bark something unpleasant again when he remembered Eileen soft eyes, earlier when she said
. Dean really gave him his number only for the car stuff. He should have known better.
Stopping just beside his tour guide, Dean cracked a smile “Hello, I’m…”
Castiel sighted and sat on the nearest chair, looking like a pile of ragged laundry. He was so miserable Balthazar almost felt like pumping the brakes. Almost.
Jo couldn’t repress another smile. Dean’s brother really had his back. He drove for one hour just to drop by and ask Dean’s friend if he was okay.
Dean wasn’t aware that one could talk almost fondly about someone’s flaws but here they were. And that was weirdly working ? Apparently, he was now getting off on criticism. How insane was that ? And how insane was that Cas could say the right thing when even himself had no idea what the right thing could have been ? Cas smiled softly and shrugged.
He never claimed to be the best big brother of the universe, but he was a brother, a mother and a father at the same time and no one could ask him to nail all those three roles at the same time. Dean did the best he could, and since he was a shitty human being, it wasn’t perfect. But Sam was alive, in one piece, he was married to a great woman, their kids were amazing, they had jobs they loved and a nice place to live. Wasn’t it enough ?
Not to mention the weird attitude. Last week, when he came by, he found Cassie in the garden, hanging out the laundry while
The spasms calmed down slowly after about ten minutes and Dean hold his head up, shaking. She saw him in bad shape but never like that. His face was…well….kinda white but with slightly green hints. He didn’t even try to get up and just crashed against the wall with a wince. Jo blinked and held him up the towel. He grabbed it easily and wiped his face. That was definitely not the moves of a drunk guy. His eyes stayed closed when Jo wrapped him up with the robe hanging from the door. The shivers stopped and his breath was more even.
Research Assistant Professor - Sam Winchester
Jody took her pen to note down a reminder for later. She would have to talk to Charlie. The comic-con posters and the Star Trek figurines everywhere weren’t a problem when she was alone in her office but maybe she could tone it down a bit before the new guy’s arrival. “Ok, I think that’s it. Thanks everyone.”
In front of her, Dean glared but shot his mouth. Before he could exit the room, Olivia ran to Castiel, who just entered the room with a smile and his unfamous brown paper bag.
They dropped him off at the community center 10 minutes before the AA meeting and he was on the sidewalk across the street, chatting with Sammy when the Universe decided to rebalance this perfect day.
Apologizes were never his forte.
It's the last chapter, y'all !
Castiel had been fidgeting with his phone for five minutes.
Aaaand the second chapter ! I hope you'll love it !
before leaving the building, we might be in for a storm
“Dean Winchester, I know, son.” Missouri lifted her eyes from her computer screen and looked at the newcomer, up and down, twice. “You grew up well.”
I hope you missed Balthazar because he's back and ready to kick ass ♥ I found this chapter very sweet, I hope you'll love it too
They had lunch with Eileen twice. Whenever Dean saw her, he couldn’t stop wondering how such people could exist (and how Sammy managed to find, date and marry one ?!). She never looked down on him, never took pity. She was exactly the same as usual, genuinely happy for him to get better, not avoiding the subject but not digging either. He couldn’t have asked for better. No wonder his brother was head over heels for her. Must be kinda sweet to live with someone you get along so well with.
Castiel came by later than usual, the AA meeting was over and the people were exiting the room slowly, chatting and casting him worried looks when they noticed the comeback of the brown paper bag in his hands. He felt like a dangerous murderer from one of those
He parked the car and stayed inside for a good five minutes. From where he was, he could see Sam, sitting outside, fidgeting with his glass, his phone, his sunglasses, while looking nervously all around, looking for his brother. His heart sunk a little in his chest.
”, as he said.
Castiel shut the car and walked past Dean to the Community Center. He was pissed. Dean would have never guessed those eyes could so piercing. Well, he could carry the boxes inside and they would call it even.
There was a certain category of people who were just babies in the woods for that kind of unscrupulous businesses, and Cas was definitely one of them. A baby in a trench coat, but still.
I swear to fuck… ”
He gestured at the coat in his hand, very happy to have an excuse to be there, one he could also use to avoid talking Olivia for too long. That woman had too much energy for him.
behind Janice’s shoulder.
Please leave me some kudos or comments if you have anything to say, it's so motivating when you do so ♥
That’s why instead of writing an apologizing text full of bullshit, he just sent the picture of the AA poster outside of the building. That would have to do.
deanwin@gmail.com
He never was the best uncle, forgot a couple of birthdays, and he was late to a Christmas party or two. He even missed Ashley’s first talent’s show because he was hangover. But all in all, they had tons of fu…
Dean tiptoed out of the bedroom and closed the door very slowly. Ashley was sleeping soundly, so Allison and he should have two hours of freedom ahead of them.
And suddenly, Dean laughed. Not a loud laugh but a real one for sure.
Also...I'm very proud to say I've finished writing this fic. I planned 19 chapters, just as for the two previous parts, but it didn't worked the way I hoped. So I stopped at 17 chapters, because it makes much more sense with the story and I'll keep what I wrote after as a timestamp for later !
Dean watched Castiel cut a very generous slice of the damn pie and hold it out to him. No. Nope. The last time he barely survived three bites of that abomination.
That little shit was too quick and too agile and all he could do was putting tomato sauce from his pizza slice in her hair while fighting to get his phone back.
At worse, he would be freed from Jo’s harassment.
. He annoyed him for at least one hour to know what get him in such a good mood before his brother kicked him out.
Dean nodded. It made much more sense. He always thought Cas looked awkward in that suit and bulky trench coat.  Like he had to put on a costume that didn’t fit with his attitude. His slightly hunched shoulders and his incapacity to keep his tie in place made him look like a sad office worker. Those clothes suited much more his bird-nest hair and almost constant puzzled look. And he looked younger this way.
He maybe was a drunkard but he wasn’t rude enough to fly away with the coffee Cas just bought him. On the other side, he was totally rude enough to try to drink it as fast as he could and he took a mouthful about half the cup in one go.
A new chapter again. I really love Cas when he gets annoyed ♥
With his eyes on Cas’s neck (the guy really needed a haircut), Dean tried to overlap two pictures.
Well. No turning back anymore.
Your comments and help about my english and the story in general are still very welcome.
jmills@siouxfalls.org ; fcrowley@siouxfall.org ; cnovak@siouxfalls.org
She was drawing, kneeling on the floor in front of the coffee table.
He could have been sad about Cassie’s failure to find someone to share his life but man, he was too busy laughing his ass off about how he managed to ruin every one of those dates in a different way. If it were an Olympic discipline, Cassie would definitely win gold.
Jo's back again. Things are still moving forward, slowly but surely. What do you think about the story and where it's going ? Please let me know, I'm dying to have your opinion ♥
Everything was going too fast and too slow at the same time. Slow enough he could see Cas’ closed eyelids, the skin so thin he could count the bluish veins. Slow enough he could feel Cas’ lips on his, his hands holding his face, radiating warmth. But fast enough he couldn’t even think a though or move. His right hand was holding on the takeout menus so hard it was completely crumpled.
That was rich, for a guy who just called him out on being rude. He made a living out of these hands, which was probably not his case. With a tie so lame, Castiel was probably working in a chair all day.
Some of those thoughts were so heavy Sam couldn’t word them, even in his mind. There was statistically a probability that Dean could also achieve a lot better in the meantime but he couldn’t really believe in that possibility. He hated himself for that. His brother always had faith in him, he should be able to reciprocate.
Thank you ! Thank you so much for reading my tiny little silly story, the very first one I ever wrote.
Ok, too soon. Cas -as in Castiel- was probably too literal to detect the attempted apology. The joke got him an additional box, and not a light one.
She had nightmares for a whole week after that, the guilt weighting in her stomach like a stone.
Sam sat on a stool and ran a hand in his long hair. Even if Jo had always been closer to Dean, they got along well before he moved out of town. That was the kind of background friendship where they could not talk to each other for years and still have a good time when they meet up.
: Re : Re : homecoming ?
Back with two new chapters this Sunday. I hope you liked the beginning and I swear it's gonna be funnier very soon. Please hang on and let me know if you have any remarks to improve my writing and my english, I'll be glad to hear them !
Was it wise for Castiel to show up in the middle of the family reunion ? Probably not.
Hello there ♥
And suddenly, in wasn’t about Cas anymore, it never was. It was about the very fucked up and rotten Dean Winchester.
about it.
Dean gripped the legs of Ashley who was slipping towards the floor and brought her up on his hip :
he said, “
And there is it, finally : the blind date. (a very blind one indeed).
Hello there !
Heya !
It was definitely an angry look on his face when he straightened out of the car. A really angry one. Probably-not-Cam shoved a box into his arms and started stacking them. Dean couldn’t see his face anymore but he could hear him very well, abrupt tone and all.
Dean, whose face seemed suddenly a lot redder and not because of the morning sunlight or the running session, came by and angrily move her foot to retrieve the forgotten trench coat hanging there.
Fuck. Dean.
Did you know that one of my beta, @Erkhaly, was writing an amazing songfic ? Check out her profile, it's angsty, it hurts but you'll want more, I swear !
The pie that got out of the bag was so familiar his stomach turned a bit inside out. Castiel was beaming when he slid it on a paper plate.
Lots of new characters !!! I'm so enthusiast about each and every one of them ♥
And with those very rude last words, Dean ate a forkful of pie. Castiel’s eyes were fixed on him, hopeful, waiting for him to swallow and say something. Apparently, it was a bit optimistic to hope that Dean would wait for his mouth to be empty before talking.
Why was he trying to get along with that cave man again ?
Two minutes passed; their eyes focused on the screen without seeing anything. She cleared her throat.
Hello ♥
His mistaken ex-date was folded in two in the trunk of a horrid beige car that made Dean want to puke.
He casted her a horrified look while holding his hand as a shield between the phone and his face.
Castiel felt every muscle in his body tense and he put down his own glass before smashing it in his fist. That was maybe the most insulting thing anyone had ever said about his love life. His eyes narrowed and flickered up to tunnel into her.
When Sammy mentioned the storm, Dean drifted for a minute, wondering if Cas was okay. The guy seemed pretty careless and not very handy. He was probably the kind to let the car’s windows open or to forget to close the shutters. And he said he had a garden, did he even had his trees pruned ? If not, with a storm like that, he would end up with a hole in his roof or something.
When he arrived at Dean’s house, the door was already open. He knocked all the same and sneaked inside, thinking about the last and only time he came. It was different now; they didn’t use any excuse to spend the evening together. Castiel closed the door behind him, squaring his shoulders, determined to have an answer to his expectations before the end of the night.
Jo was kind enough not to say she was sorry.
He was sliding his phone in his back pocket when a colorful flag garland fell from upstairs, right in front of his feet. After picking it on the floor, he looked up at the staircase and saw Cas’ head looking down at him, above the railing of the second floor.
Twenty minutes later, they were both parked in Dean’s driveway, Castiel sat on the steps, trying not to be a burden while Dean was checking on his car.
Eileen smiled knowingly and watched him as he got up without an answer, brushed the grass of his pants and suddenly ran toward the pool while taking of his shirt.
He knew he was going to feel uneasy but not
Hello ♥
Beside him, Dean, on the contrary was looking at his hands, his forehead wrinkled with worry.
He couldn’t get any further. Dean suddenly felt like his brain defrosted and he gripped Cas’ shoulder, dragging him closer. One second later, he was holding Cas tight, one hand in his hair, the other one gripping at the back of his shirt. There was no finesse involved when he crashed his mouth on his. It was sloppy, eager and scary as fuck. And it was right, not too fast, not too slow, exactly right. Dean pushed Cas against the armrest and kissed him until they were both out of breath. When he straightened up a bit and opened his eyes, his heart was beating loudly into his ears. Cas’ hair was even more wild than usual and he had a very annoying look of satisfaction splattered on his face. They locked eyes and Dean grunted :
Dean gaped for a second, then ran his hand over his mouth and looked at his shirt ‘cause he couldn’t keep his eyes on Cas. He heard Jo’s chiming voice in his head
Cas. He just kept showing up in his mind because they saw each other quite a lot lately. And he was a new friend, that was all.
Dean laughed nervously and hid his smile in his mug.
The second text was sent before Castiel really realized. He stared at the screen for a long moment but nothing happened. The relativity theory was probably all about those situations. Dean had probably better plans and he didn’t know them that much
Dean couldn’t decide if Cas was loaded and a bit cuckoo or just poor as fuck.
Dean muttered “Yeah, ‘cause that’s a reference, you know, for the job. And it’s vintage.”
” Castiel. How could it not ? He was him, of course he was doing things “
Long after they moved to the bedroom, Jo reviewed their lifetime long friendship in her mind, and she couldn’t think of that much tipping points. There was the first time they got drunk together, a memory she had held dearly for years, even if she felt a bit guilty about it now.  That one time when Dean just destroyed the two guys in the parking lot, who were trying to get her drunk ass in their car. And the night of her dad’s death anniversary, when he found her curled up under a tree, on the riverside, when everyone was looking for her for hours. And the most recent one, that dreadly night a few months ago when Dean got shitfaced at the bar before admitting he had been sober for two weeks. But she knew she was living one of this precious moment right now, one that was bringing their relationship to a whole new level, and she drifted peacefully into sleep against Dean.
to ask how she met the guy she was dating at the moment, and his question made her snort loudly
about him, it was just… Cas kept popping up in his mind.
brother, heh ?
University of Minnesota Twin Cities
Starring at his ceiling, Dean rewound his thoughts. What the fuck was that ? He wasn’t
to do. He just thought about Cas while looking at the pie leftovers, thought it would be nice to bring him some. And he did, without thinking much about it. But now they were both sitting there in silence, it suddenly felt too much. It was like one of those dreams where you realize you don’t know how to drive while already behind the wheel of a car at full speed. Maybe along the years, he lost his ability to have pointless interaction with people.
It's Wenesday, time for two new chapters (including one with the one we were all waiting for... ♥)
Dean blinked and his face soften some more. He did have a nice face, and incredibly soft eyes. And the freckles were fantastic. Such a shame the only emotions he would ever see on him would be bewilderment, anger and now, pity.
The scandalized look on Dean’s face was priceless. Eileen leaned a bit on the side, since her forward motions were less and less available, and stole his can of coke. After two sips, she nodded to herself.
Already back into the motor, Dean shrugged and a wave of guilt rushed over Castiel, who drank the lemonade as quickly as possible, got up, took off his coat and walked toward the car.
It has now been 8 months since M. Michael left and as I already explained before, this is weighing heavily on the team. Mr. Novak and I are doing our best to deal with the most urgent cases but this situation isn’t a long-term solution. Do you have any news about a replacement ?
That was not what he should be apologizing about. He tried again.
He put his wrist on his eyes and sighted. At least Jo was kind enough to remain silent and not assault him with questions. It was weird enough to tell her he met that guy again at the community center, he didn’t even want to think about making clear the whole story about the misunderstanding.
”, he said before speeding up on purpose.
But she aimed the phone a bit down and took a picture.
Dean gaped at Cas like he suddenly has someone different in front of him. Someone weird, for sure, but… in a good way ? Was that even a thing ?
Castiel’s phone started ringing in his pocket. He looked at the screen and sighted. He was about to reject the call when his brother grabbed his phone with an evil smile.
GET OVER THE TRENCH COAT, DEAN.
It took all Jody’s willpower not to roll her eyes. Not only she was almost sure that traffic was the least of Chuck’s problems, but also it was highly improbable that he sent a text to let them know. Donna was just kind enough to cover for him. She sighted : one problem at a time.
Dean went from zero to one hundred real fucking quick, grabbed Mr. Accountant by the sleeve and dragged him away.
Last november, after months of begging from my friends, I started watching Supernatural for the first time. (And I'm not done with the last season so please no spoiler ♥)
Cas looked focused, like if he was trying to feel everything in order to write a 1000 pages novel about that pie later. The guy was definitely too intense with everything he did.
They’re looking for someone at the Sioux Falls library, wanna give it a try ?
Hello Team,
Dean knew that a few years ago, she would have laugh at his face, told him to man-up and left while rolling her eyes. He may have been wrong when he said that her friend was exactly the same as before. He was probably different to, and maybe it was for the best.
In his lifetime, Dean had his fair share of kisses and make out sessions. He even considered himself quite skillful and experienced in that field but he suddenly wondered if he wasn’t a little out of practice.
Jo's back at Dean's place and once again, nothing goes as planned. Visiting her friend seems to be a russian roulette game, these days.
She didn’t have to turn her head to know that Dean’s eyes must have been as glassy as hers. It was by far the saddest thing she’s ever heard. She thought about Dean’s life, or what she’d know of it and wondered how many times he had that thought. Her hand wandered on the couch until she found his. She wasn’t cuddly but she wasn’t good with words either when things were getting serious and she felt that the last thing Dean needed right know was a sarcastic comment. She was so glad he was doing better, but whenever she had a glimpse at the deepness of his fragility, she felt like crying.
Aaaaand last chapter. Don't worry, there is a second part in this serie, I'm posting the first chapter today.
It was like Castiel’s inside was slowly filled with warm water as the data reached his brain. Every muscle in his body relaxed, except the ones pulling his lips into a large smile.
Well, that was probably because at least 3 people, including Dean himself, complained about the pie so now the employee just throws it right into the bin.
That was his signature move. She couldn’t even remember how many times she saw him uses that excuse to give his number to hot chicks at the bar. But with a guy, that would be a first.
Janice could be damned. And all the suitable men with her.
The revenge was shabby but it was a revenge, nonetheless. Castiel enjoyed watching Dean struggle to carry the boxes inside and he may have allowed himself a smile when he stumbled on the doorstep. Of course, he could have held the door for him but he felt a bit mean right now.
The fair seemed to be a good idea. The weather was nice, not quite warm at that time of the year but Castiel preferred it to the heat waves of the summer. He already felt slightly sweaty from the nervousness, so the cool breeze was welcome.
The guy nodded and gave her a half smile and Charlie took her sweet time to look at him from head to toe. That was better than the last one, actually. God, she had hated that manbun dude with her guts the second it came to view. And all the snob music shit ? Yuk.
Dean was looking at the four huge bags on the floor of his living room. His voice was slightly strangled from the arms Allison had looped around his throat in order to keep her steady on his back. He had Ashley in his arm, wriggling so hard he had to ride her up every thirty seconds. The kids had jumped on him the second he opened the door and they weren’t willing to let him go.
Oh. And also, because this is your summer vacation and you’re NOT supposed to read your emails ???!!!
It almost worked out with the guy that was really into board games, but Cassie went so competitive he forgot it was a date and jumped so hard when the dude tried to kiss him that he felt off his chair.
As Balthazar would have said, “
jmills@siouxfalls.org
Why did Sammy had to be a greedy piece of shit and ask for a brother in good shape on top of that ? Couldn’t he be satisfied with a crappy drunk of an uncle for his kids ?
Wenesday, time for a new chapter ! I just finished writing this part, so I updated the chapters count. Maybe I should post two chapters for every update ? What do you think ?
Dean, on paper, was a mess. Very fresh recovering alcoholic, rough behavior and filthy nails. But in the flesh, sweet Lord that was quite another matter…
For two hours now, he had tried to turn in his squeaking bed a silently as possible to not wake up Sammy, sleeping in the next room.
The epiphany happened when he opened the fridge to take the gallon of honey iced tea with him. In the door, the two beers bottle clinked together and Castiel gaped, not believing how stupid and selfish he was. Still crouched in front of the open fridge, he fished his phone out of his back pocket and texted back.
”, he had to think again.
Sometimes, when your life seems to get back on tracks, the tiniest things can freak you out.
Dean noticed two other cats, a white one sprawled on a knitted plaid on the back of the couch and a grey tabby with socks, grooming on a worn Persian rug.
He shouldn’t have lost his shit like this. It wasn’t about him; it was about Sammy’s life. They were Sammy’s family, not his. What harm would it do if he were out of their lives for good ? Probably not much.
What was that expression Balthazar use all the time ? Something like cooked brain cells ? No, no it was fried brain cells. Dean looked exactly like he just fried a lot of them. He was staring back at him in awe for so long Castiel felt the urge to clear his throat.
Castiel was happy to provide, and glad that Dean grew up to trust him with that kind of things. He had to other reference to compare, he couldn’t tell if it was fast or slow, but it didn’t really matter. It was there.
: Undeliverable : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Head of the library’s replacement
Good evening
He bit his lips and shook the hand after a long hesitation, so long that he heard Dean mutter under his breath “
Castiel pushed Balthazar away, frowning. Telling him about Dean was the worst idea ever. Castiel’s brother had enthroned himself “
They went running too, Dean was struggling at first, out of breath after 10 minutes on the trail. She never cut him any slack, making fun of him, being noisy and annoying, showing at his doorstep every other day, never letting him give up. Apparently, it was what he needed, cause after a few weeks she found him ready and warning up every time. He became more and more competitive and clearly enjoyed it, even if he pretended she was a pain in his ass and running was lame.
He was sipping at the drink he ordered when his phone buzzed. It was a picture of Dean left hand on the wheel of his car, in his driveway.
: Re : Re : Re :Meeting in hell
Hello there ! It's Sunday, time for a new update.
Even after a warm shower, snuggled up in the couch in worn-out clothes, with Jo around making some weird ass tea and giving him disgusting meds, he still felt awful : nauseous, shivering from time to time and exhausted.
that feeling. It was a new thing, like being hyperconscious of everything sometimes, focusing on tiny things he would have never noticed before. A few months ago, into the numbness of the booze, he wouldn’t have cared. Even before, when he was younger, he wouldn’t have even
Cas was good looking, he couldn’t lie about that. Even in a ridiculous baby pink shirt with a kitten in the pocket. And kinda nice. He was also really funny, in his own way. And very surprising. He could turn borderline scary when he was mad, and he seemed to have an endless numbers of secrets hobbies that keep popping into the conversations. And when Dean showed him how to change the lightbulb in his car, he leaned so closed he was able to smell…what was it ? His laundry ? Or his shampoo ? It couldn’t have been aftershave, Cas hasn’t shaved that day and Dean even noticed the spots where his stubble started to turn gr-
Sam and Eileen need a break and Dean hasn't see his nieces in a long time...
Where some food burns and nothing goes as planned but it's still very nice.
Hello there !
✉ 2018/06/29 at 17:17
They started cooking, Dean fumbling a bit about what she could or couldn’t do. She was growing up so fast… Every time he thought something was too difficult for her, she was frowning like crazy until he let her try. After a lot of “
Castiel tries to make things right and apologize a lot, but Dean is not buying it since he's a thick head.
What the fucking fuck.
Sam wonders if he made the right move.
Well, it wasn’t the pie itself. It shouldn’t matter. On the scale of a lifetime, it was a very frivolous thing.
In front of him, Dean was bent under the hood of the Lincoln, doing a “
“You’re going like this ?” Benny asked, frowning. He was leaning against the doorframe of his spare room while his childhood friend was lacing his boots, sat on the edge of the bed. He had never imagined Dean putting on a suit for a job interview but that was… well. That was very casual.
” could absolutely be on the list of Dean’s unexpected qualities, because ten minutes later, Castiel hands were covered in grease and he had to fight back the urge to swear very unholy things. Apparently forty-two-year-old male fingers were not as efficient as tiny girls’ to handle those miniature evil lightbulbs. He knocked it off twice, the second time so deep into the engine, it took Dean nearly five minutes to retrieve it. And when he finally managed to screw it in place, he did it so forcefully the poor thing shattered in pieces between his fingers. After a few other try and despite his focus flying away, Castiel finally succeed. He straightened and casted Dean a look of true desperation.
I’ll call Bobby today, cross my ♥
The recipient’s mailbox is full and can’t accept messages now. Please try resending this message later or contact the recipient directly.
Castiel picked up some gravel and threw it angrily it the driveway.
Chuck chose that moment to come in with a bunch of random papers between his hands. He tripped on the doorstep, his glasses almost falling from his nose and “Sorry, the neighbor’s dog stole my keys. What did I miss ?”
That’s why he was never sick : he
Cas’ face went through a wide range of emotions, none of them positive. It probably wasn’t about the pie itself, more about the fact everyone was talking behind his back for weeks when he tried to do something nice. That, and maybe the fact he was told by a guy he despised. Even Dean, who wasn’t the most observant and empathetic guy in the world, felt sorry for him.
His feet on the reception desk, Ash was looking through the glass door twenty feet ahead, to the guy desperately waving at him. He shook his head while articulated slowly “Five more minutes !!!” and showed his watch. Ugh, those patrons were the worst.
“What ? No ! I just didn’t see you behind all the…” he gestured at desk, covered with figurines and trinkets on every available surface. Including the top of her screens.
PS : please call Bobby, he can’t stop complaining you’re an “ungrateful twat who never calls”
With Aerosmith blasting in her ears, Jo was hopping on the steps in front of Dean’s door when a shapeless shadow on the porch railing caught her eyes. She removed her earphones as she took a closer look and gaped slightly.
I'm now addicted to these good vibes so I already started to write another fic, I can tease you a bit : It's a library AU, but not like a classic library AU (yeaaah it's mysterious) with a lot of emails, texts and fun, and more characters from SPN I love and couldn't include in this fic. I'm working hard on it, I think I'll start posting sometime during the summer so please suscribe if you wanna read it !
She faked an emotional look and let her lower lip shake a little while Sam rolled his eyes to the ceiling. There was no need to ask what he was thinking, she already knew it : “
That was ridiculous. Some cold sweat started to run down his back and he abruptly turned away and walked towards the door when he heard the voice calling after him.
Cas’s house was a mess. None of the furniture were matching. There was a slim book slid under one foot of the dinner table to keep it steady and one of the armchairs was losing his padding on the armrest. But the most striking thing was the notes, almost everywhere. On the mirror, on the coffee table, pinned on the wall or stuck into the door of the dresser. Some of them must have been quite old, since he spotted a “
Hey there,
Sam kept sending pictures too. It seemed to be the best way to keep checking on each other. Few pictures of Eileen’s baby bump, Ashley reading a book, Allison drawing something mysterious with Sam’s handwriting on the top of the page “For Uncle Dean”, their dog covered of mud on a rainy day, a perfect looking pie on a restaurant plate.
He looked at his brother’s hunched shoulders.
He could have said something. Dean had told Sammy eons ago that he was swinging both ways. He was kinda drunk at the time, and they never really talked about it again, but it’s not like if he was afraid of his brother’s reaction. The guy was so desperate to see him build something he would probably be okay if Dean were into taxidermized turtles.
Oh please, don’t be so picky. You know you need a job or in like 3 weeks, you’ll be living in the Impala. Just send your resume, okay ? You could crash at my place. Or Bobby’s (you forgot to call, didn’t you ?)
As soon as he got out of the car, his lungs were filled with the heavy scent of the wisteria growing on the façade. At the sound of the slamming door, two cats, a black one and a calico, escaped the porch where they were sleeping and ran under the trees.
He had let go of his face, but Dean could feel the light weight of one of his hands gently squeezing his shoulder. Cas was looking at him with a worried look on his face. Dean, once again, tried to explain what was on his mind and failed miserably.
It wasn’t even the time of the date yet and everything was already awkward. The dorky looking guy that showed up did have blue eyes and brown hair but he seemed a lot skinnier than his picture. Or maybe it was because he was lost in an awful, oversized trench coat ? Who would wear that kind of crap willingly ? On top of it, he called him Dan. DAN. He didn’t want to sound harsh but he did when he finally opened his mouth.
How was it possible to torture as simple things as apples, flour and butter into that monstrosity ?
What could go wrong ? Nothing.
He was still asleep, the morning after, when the text arrived on his phone.
For a few minutes, they stretched in silence, which was really unusual. If they couldn’t talk while running, the stretching afterwards had always been a chatty moment : they shared news about family, talked about their day to come…
Her light laugh was pretty contagious and a few seconds later, Dean finally cracked a smile.
Cas gestured a bit hopelessly around him,
“Hi Missouri ! Look who’s here : new teammate !“
That wouldn’t excuse the fact that it was awkward to mention how often he banged random dudes from Tinder. Which was only logical by the way, that Tinder thing. ‘Cause who the hell would try to flirt in real life with a guy that thought a beige trench coat was a good clothing choice ? At least Cas’s friends had some common sense and chose a picture where he wasn’t wearing it.
I hope you enjoyed today's chapter, please leave a kudo or a comment to let me know ♥
Dean was trying his best, since Cas was now around every time Dean came to a meeting, from the regular one on Tuesday to the extra one on Friday he needed sometimes. They shared a few coffees on the sidewalk, even had a bite on the bench once, but he still felt like he was walking on eggshells.
or something. She stayed there, holding him, only moving her hand on his hair and passing him some raspy paper towel every thirty seconds. It wasn’t the evening they had planned, but Jo couldn’t help but smile. That was something cathartic in her friend’s meltdown, and in the way he let go against her, not even trying to fight it.
I hope you'll like this chapter ♥
✉ 2018/07/06 at 8:57
Before I watched the show I was really puzzled by the whole "SPN family" concept. I get it now. ♥
✉ 2018/07/03 at 10:56
Dean is being a huge crybaby but he let himself being pampered anyways.
This chapter is one of my favorite (the next one too). I think we're really starting to scratch the surface of the characters and see what's hiding under.
Research Assistant Professor - Sam Winchester
I hope you'll like the new chapter, please let me know if you spot any mistakes in the writing or the story itself. I would be glad to have your opinion on the fic in the comments ♥
God help him.
He followed Cas’ steps into the house and as soon as he went through the door, he realized that the one with a cold, generic home, was himself.
Castiel was used to that. Somehow, people often were uneasy around him, at first. He couldn’t say why exactly : he wasn’t impressive in any way. They should feel like that around Dean : he was not only bigger but also meaner looking.
The snort she made was the most ironic sound he heard for years.
” and then turned back to the house, adding something about cavemen.
Charlie turned to Meg with a smile that didn’t reach her eyes “That doesn’t necessarily mean they made a bad choice. I don’t recall there was anyone from the library at your interview and look how great it turned out.”
Dean felt some cold sweat running on his back under his clothes. No. No he didn’t. It was so creepy. He swore to himself that he wouldn’t let Jo sweet talk him into anything anymore.
The room was a bit dark, with the walls and the floor covered in weathered wood. The deep red leather seats were all cracked, the varnish of their table was flaky, and Castiel casted his eyes on posters of cars and old post card pinned behind the counter. He frowned :
First, he didn’t have the energy. Second, well…he wanted to preserve a bit of his dignity. And explaining that he literally went on a date with the wrong person without noticing was far from dignifying. Dean wasn’t even sure he figured it all out at the moment and now, through the near-death experience, it was really hard to do so.
(See the end of the chapter for
Maybe there was something in the potato salad. Anytime he’d found himself dragged in some serious speech about the purpose of life, there was potato salad nearby. He could check later, but he was already quite sure there was some kind of substance in that vegetable. Something that would make any potato salad eaters want to have deep talk instead of just chatting about the weather.
After two months of this back and forth, the longing became unsufferable. He didn’t dare to call nor to text. It seemed weird. The captionless pictures communication worked well but it felt so fragile at the same time. On a Sunday, he drove the hour to Dean’s city and send a picture of his favorite burger restaurant with his wristwatch in sight. He sat at a table outside, nervously taping the wooden table.
That announcement did not have the desired effect, for Dean spit his mouthful of coffee all over them both.
He was never sick, for fuck’s sake, what did that guy put in that pie ? Rat poison ?
Hello ♥
she took Dean’s phone and unlocked it.
jmills@siouxfalls.org
As soon as the question escaped his mouth, Dean regretted it.
Jo and Sam have a little conversation about Dean.
Castiel is very focus on being nice and try to apply every advice he had but well... he's Castiel. On a date.
Fifteen minutes later, Balthazar unparked from the driveway with a sullen Cassie beside him, sulking at his coffee cup.
As whenever he felt a bit overwhelmed, Castiel tried to organize his thoughts. He was told countless time in was a helpful method, but it seemed that he was as good at it as he was at organizing his earthly possessions.
I love Eileen for a lot of different reasons, but we are almost named the same and I'm earing impared too ♥
The more he pictured a future life in Sioux Falls, working at the library, with his free time spend with his family and his childhood friend, the more he wanted it. And it freaked him out. Dean never though he would one day crave family, friends and hominess the way he did now. He never was the type to introspect much and be in tune with his inner self, but he had to admit that he’d missed a big point there. At this pace, he would turn into an empathetic self-caring hippie like his brother, listening to his soul and all this crap.
And that was not including the fact that they saw each other like twelve hours ago. He got up, patted the cushions and put them back the way the cats loved best before leaving to his bedroom.
Dean’s laugh filled the garden, loud and clear.
Enjoy !
Thank you,
From the sound, Dean was trotting toward him.
A little out of breath, Dean realized he was running out of negatives things about Cas way faster than he was about the positive things. So he switched for his very own trial. At least he was sure he would never run out of reproaches against himself.
With him, right there, in the present time, and not somewhere inside his mind, struggling with himself and barely alive. Sammy seemed more into it too : the worry lines on his forehead had disappeared and he laughed more willingly.
: Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Head of the library’s replacement
Hadn’t he, really ? In weeks ? Well, thank God Sam was a better man than he was. “Sorry Bobby, I’m a little piece of shit.”
Dean rested his elbows on his knees and pinched the bridge of his nose with his free hand. Jo wiped her greasy fingers on her jean, since Dean was priority on the towels, and moved her ass to the couch, just besides him. She slid her arm around his shoulders and lost the joking voice.
Balthazar is a pain in the ass but we all love him.
This "honesty thing" that Castiel loves so much ? Bad idea.
At that tiny admission, dropped in a careless tone, Castiel bit his lip to repress a smile. If the day had nothing in common with what Castiel daydreamed about when he burnt his breakfast that morning, it was a good day, nonetheless. An exhausting but excellent day.
Dean looked puzzled and didn’t answer right away. There was no way,
I hope you're doing well. Today is Castiel chapter, and with another character I heard you loved, as a guest star. I was told you were missing her !
He avoided her eyes and she could see crystal clear that he was reluctant to say it again. He snatched the can from her hand in a rough motion and drained it in one go.
Dean and Cas are about to get dragged into something, thanks to nosy friends.
The place was almost familiar now : plastic chairs, strong coffee smell in the air, a few known faces, those stupid nametags. And some disgusting pie. How could one make disgusting pie ? He didn’t even know it was possible, but here it was, on a paper plate, looking almost eatable. Dean tried to eat a piece the first time he came, he wouldn’t do the same mistake twice. Next time, he promised himself, he’ll bring those poor bastards some real pie, he was pretty sure it would increase the assiduity to the meetings.
For those confused by the 'weeding' joke, it's the process of evaluating the collections of a library and deciding (based on serious criteria, of course) which item to discard and which item to keep. A large majority of non-librarian folks (and sadly even a few librarians) consider weeding a very evil thing. But we have do it, believe me.
Castiel took a sip of iced tea from is canning jar, thinking that he should write a note about buying new glasses, and fidgeted with the dangling lid while Dean was trying very hard not to look around, eyes wide open with amazement. His guest finally opened his mouth, dropping out his attempts to hide his surprise.
She may have been right but he could have sworn that waitress glanced at him when he ordered a coke.
✉ 2018/07/03 at 14:49
Her brother-in-law sipped at his coffee, torn up between his usual discretion and his need to talk. He was obviously having a little private movie night in his mind since he smiled fondly. But two seconds later, he was shaking his head in disbelief.
it. It made him feel vulnerable and weak, and while a part of him didn’t want to let anyone see him like this, he also kinda wanted to be taken care of. So, without a better solution at the moment, he let Jo do her stuff all the while being his best grumpy self.
Hello there !
Castiel went and washed his hands thoroughly, the question burning his tongue. After a minute of awkward silence, Dean leaned on the counter, looked at the fridge and crossed his arms.
deanwin@gmail.com
At best, he would get laid.
When Cas came back, Dean was very busy licking the remaining of barbecue sauce on his fingers. He froze and remembered he weren’t alone in his living room like the old bachelor he was. Grabbing a towel to wipe his hands and face, he tried to look as apologetic as he could since he didn’t feel one bit sorry. Cas finally drew his eyes away from his face and sat back on the bench.
. Dean had to try really hard to keep a straight face and not start babbling to his sister-in-law’s belly like an old nutcase. When he got his hands back, they were slightly shaking.
Castiel took the menu and looked at it with a pinched smile.
: Re : homecoming ?
They're seeing each other more and more but Dean isn't used to interact with people like Castiel.
Balthazar is very talented at getting what he wants, even when he's insufferable. Castiel doesn't stand a chance.
Cas had the most piercing look he’s ever saw. Even without turning back, he could feel it on his neck while he waited for the pies, propped up against the counter.
Hello there !
: Re : Meeting in hell
Thanks for sticking with me !
Hey there ♥
What. A. Brat.
Maybe don't read it if you're not in the right mood for that. Take care of you ♥
Of course, Sammy was right. Sammy was always right, he was the smartest of the family, after all. That was no less annoying than when he was a kid. At least at those times, Dean could pretend he knew better than him ‘cause he was the grown up one. Now he hadn’t that ace up his sleeve anymore. Fuck, his brother really outgrew him in every way.
And just when he thought this awful encounter was over, he heard a loud yelling behind him.
Well, that was a first.
Unlike the gentleman he usually was, Castiel pushed her to the side and stormed out of the room, but not fast enough to avoid Janice’s astounded voice stuttering behind him.
Wooow. Ok. Touchy.
He was definitely not running away at all.
And he has a big realization.
In which Sam makes a move
Charlie felt more than eared the loud thumping noise that followed. Removing her headphones, she leaned a bit and saw a big guy in the door frame, rubbing his shoulder.
Eileen burst out laughing and Sam has to shove her lightly.
His brother sounded so convinced, so sure, it took all Sam’s willpower away. He knew that could happen, he’d read about it, he’d talked about it with Eileen, but right now, Sam couldn’t remember anything useful. He could see Dean’s inner struggle going on and on, and he felt his stomach sink even lower as the helplessness overtook him. Sam’s hand made a move and then gripped at his own knee. It wasn’t a good idea to touch Dean right now, as much as he wished he could crush his brother into an embrace, both to restrain him and to make him feel safe. If he had found the right words once, he could do it again. Dean needed him to. Sam wished his voice was steadier when he finally found the courage to talk.
That thought made him a bit flustered and he suddenly felt guilty about it. The fact that Dean came to him for a bit of comfort didn’t mean anything beside they were becoming friends. Castiel wouldn’t, for the love of God, take any advantage of Dean who had felt secure enough to share his struggle with him. That would be an awful thing to do.
Dean's first day at his new job !
His hands fumbled with the hem of his t-shirt, pulled his pants up a bit, tightened his belt.
The lunch rush was just over. Jo was cleaning the counter, humming to the music from the speaker, when the door opened. Her eyes widened  at the man coming in.
Crap.
In the middle of the room, Dean bit his lips, very aware that he was making blunder after blunder since he arrived. Being nervous was no excuse. He had wanted to see Cas for days and now that he had the opportunity, he was losing his shit. He breathed deeply and made a contrite smile.
Have a nice day,
Ten minutes and a lot of kisses later, they were in the car, Dean’s waving at them on the porch, a screeching baby in his arms and a totally careless and very excited toddler running around them.
The sound she heard could be qualified as an approving grunt.
There was an uncomfortable silence and Dean winced.
Sam had to yell through the wind, but it didn’t matter if Dean couldn’t hear him. They both knew what was going on. He finally reached for the passenger door and get into the car.
Decidedly, Dean seemed to find everything he discovered today “
Every time he thought his brother was at the top of his art, he still managed to amaze him.
Charlie got up and extended a hand “Sorry, I’m invisible there. That’s my cave. I’m Charlie Bradbury, Electronics resources and Teens services. You must be Dean ?”
The vice on his heart lessened a bit and he nodded silently, not trusting himself to speak, before lying back again, griping Eileen’s hand.
How long has it been since he went to a party ? Probably years… Must have been the baby shower when Eileen was pregnant with Ashley.
“I’m fine. It was a temporary contract, you know. Nothing went wrong. I’ll find something else.” Why was everybody so worried about that ? He didn’t leave Sioux Falls to settle somewhere, get married and start a lifelong career in a boring company. He left to move around, try some things, enjoy the freedom of a life without constraint. Maybe it was becoming a bit of a struggle, but he regretted nothing. Dean added “And Sam sent me the ad, for the job at the library.” There was absolutely no chance that his brother didn’t tell that to Bobby. Those two were way too close and shared a nasty tendency for gossip. Especially about Dean.
attitude up his ass, for once.
Fifteen minutes to waste before the date. He decided to use it to walk around and went through his mental checklist. He was wearing his blue shirt that made his eyes “pop-out”, according to Janice. His hair was almost behaving, he did his best about it. He had planned no grand gesture and already went through painful memories to remind everything he shouldn’t do this time.
Communication is key, isn't it ?
He had no fucking idea what to do with a thirty-two oz jar of honey, but that was not the point.
we're getting close to the end ! The last chapter will be posted next wenesday, and I'll also post the begining of the third (and final) part of this universe in the same time.
” men. Men with no shady background, very put together, Church involved, willing to settle down. More office worker than manual worker. More polished, less…raw.  The kind of men that seemed perfect on paper.
Sunday, time for two new chapters : a short one and a longer one.
Hi everyone,
They talked about him with the closeness of people that have a loved one in common. They shared a lot of fears and delusions about Dean, but most of all lots of love. There was no need to explicit that, they both knew.
Dean sniffed again.
Miss me that much ? I don’t know, I’ll give it a look. And I’ll call Bobby tonight
He was more used to rough friendships, like the one he had with Benny, or with Bobby, or Jo. Even the relationship he had with Sam was mostly based on years of bickering. There was Eileen, of course, who was kind and considerate but he knew her for so long he forgot how they got along at the beginning. And she was married to his brother, they had no choice but to see each other on a regular basis, that was totally different.
So many things could go wrong in two weeks. Dean could go further on that self-destruction highway, he could get into an accident or cause one, he could disappear or...
That was very foolish, he realized know, caught between the wall and a very hopeful Janice. He screwed up his courage :
Damn, he did not expect that. He never tells what was on his mind, probably because it was often too private to share, but also too dark and most of all : why would anyone care ? And there was this guy, sitting in the booth, perfectly okay with saying out loud whatever he wanted, even if was kinda awkward. He managed to do it calmly when Dean apparently seems like he’s barking at everyone each time he says three words in a row.
, thought Dean while holding his comforter tight around him, was that he would probably never be able to see a pie again without feeling sick.
He felt like a fool. And he felt like a fool for feeling like a fool. Unable to shake this unpleasant feeling, he suddenly stood up and went straight for the beehives, in the back of his garden. Those, at least, were never judgmental. He was still there, totally unaware of his surrounding, when a loud horn noise made him jump.
The messages were brief, only few words. Not much more than a
Dean was lying on his back on the grass, the two years old sleeping half on top of him, her big sister dozing off just besides. He turned his phone screen toward Castiel who leaned in to see. That was a picture of Ashley, trying to walk into the big rubber boots she found besides the door, Castiel behind her, holding her hands to help. His stomach made a loop when he realized that Dean now had his picture on his phone. He jumped on his feet and took his own phone, getting on the tip of his toes to take a picture from above, of the two sleeping girls and their uncle lying there. He sent it to Dean as soon as he sat back, making a silent apology to God for using such a lame excuse to take a picture of Dean.
“I meant what I said.”
“Dean?” Cas said, noticing how the man’s demeanor had changed. “Are you okay?”
Cas’s brows furrowed even further. He frowned deeply. “He told you that your mother’s death was your fault?” he asked incredulously.
The beautiful, brilliant, kind, amazing boy with the sapphire eyes.
“I’m thinking,” Dean said, not looking at the other man.
Castiel was brilliant, kind, and caring. He had the most beautiful soul. He worked hard in class, he respected his teachers, he volunteered at the homeless shelter on weekends. He helped out his fellow classmates. He was just plain good.
Dean blushed, and bit his lip again. And he turned away as he started to cough.
He gripped Balthazar’s bridle and looked into his eyes, desperate.
But it was too late now. Dean was engaged. He was getting married in three months. And he had no idea that when he had told Castiel to chase his dreams all those years ago, that Castiel’s biggest dream, was him.
He couldn’t help but look Castiel over briefly in his tux when the boy looked away.  He was looking especially cute. He had a navy blue bow tie on that matched his date’s dress and happened to make his eyes stand out even more than usual, and his hair was styled to perfection. And more than anything he wished he could take Castiel into his arms and lead him onto the dance floor, but that would be a big fat no no, so here they sat, teacher and student, talking to each other on prom night.
“Oh,” Dean said. “Sorry to hear that.”
“I could’t agree more,” Dean said, and Cas felt something brush against his cheek, and turned to see that it was Dean’s finger, and that he was on his side now, and infinitely closer than he’d been a minute ago.
Castiel flushed. “I . . . I wasn’t going to,” he said, “but Anna thought I should.” He shrugged.
Dean Winchester loved him. Dean Winchester wanted him.
Castiel grinned. “Education,” he said. “Someone inspired me.”
He felt something brushing his hair and jerked.
“Dean, I’m coming in,” Castiel said.
“How long have you lived here?” he asked.
“I killed my mom, Cas,” Dean said, his voice shaking, tears filling his eyes anew and spilling down his cheeks. “It’s my fault. She’s dead. She’s dead, Cas, and it’s all my fault.” And he found himself burying his face in the other man’s shoulder and sobbing.
“Let me know if you get cold,” Dean said. “I have another blanket in the trunk.”
, he thought.
He entered, carrying the purchases from the fabric store and the groceries, and went to lay the bags down on the table when Anna shrieked at him.
As many as it took.
Cas chuckled at that. “Seriously?” he said. “I thought it was pretty obvious from our first interaction that I was interested in you, Dean.”
And he took the other man’s hand in his and rested his head lightly on his shoulder, and drifted to sleep next to him.
Castiel rubbed his neck with his hand. “More, uh . . . more the the second one, I guess,” he admitted.
Once again Castiel found himself being so very thankful for his sister and he squeezed her hand as she left the cottage, and he returned to Dean’s bedside with another cup of tea, his medicine mixed in. He roused him as much as he could, just enough to get the liquid down his throat, cleaned off the inevitable spills again and then pressed his lips to Dean’s scarred cheek, unaware that the other man wouldn’t have felt it, even if he had been awake, and climbed onto the bed next to him once again.
“Oh, hell, no,” they said together, and then looked at each other.
Dean winced. Crap. Did he? He knew he snored. More so when he was especially tired, but Lisa just shoved him and he woke up and rolled over and went back to sleep, and usually stopped. But poor Cas probably wouldn’t have and it would have kept him up all night. If he’d thought of it beforehand he would have told him to wake him up. Damn it.
Their eyes widened simultaneously when they opened the door.
“Would it be okay if I kissed you right now?” Dean asked.
Dean stood up and went over to the other room and knelt down and pulled out a large trunk. He opened it up and Castiel walked over and peeked inside. There were dozens of books, with worn brown, black, blue and grey covers, the spines cracked, some even with the covers almost or completely missing.
Cas glanced at him as he slid on his jeans and fastened his belt. “A little,” he said with a shrug.
“I rattled off a few things in a row there. Any other favorite things you wanted to mention?”
Meg frowned and looked it over. “All right, then,” she said. She gathered the fabric, thread, ribbon, needles, twine, and a few other small items on the list and placed them in a brown bag. As Castiel was paying her she cast him a wistful look and said, “You’re one hundred percent sure you’re gay, huh?”
Castiel’s heart wouldn’t stop pounding and he could tell his hand was sweating in Dean’s despite the chilly night air, but he didn’t pull it away, and Dean didn’t either.
“Thank you, sir,” Dean said with a relieved sigh.
Cash blushed fiercely and looked down, biting his lip. “Thank you,” he said. And when he looked back up he couldn’t help but say, “Your eyes are lovely too, Dean.”
No, he couldn’t think like that. He was going to find her. He had to.
"Yes, blueberries are fine, too."
“I was looking for my sister-”
“I’ve been faking interest in dancing with her all night,” Castiel continued. “And I haven’t kissed her, and I have no desire to, and it’s exhausting, pretending to be something I’m not. I had to remind myself to tell her she looked pretty only because I knew it was the polite thing to do. God, I’m such as jerk. She deserved better than this.”
“Thank you,” she said, after a pause.
So he was so surprisingly startled when he heard the familiar knocking on his door that he almost forgot to dawn his mask before he opened it. And he smiled widely and his heart fluttered in his chest at the sight of Castiel. He wore a thick woolen winter coat that went almost to his knees, leather gloves, a scarf, and a hat, and knee high black boots over thick trousers. And he was covered in snow, which Dean just thought made him look more beautiful somehow. And he smiled back at Dean.
And Castiel didn’t think twice about shoving past the strange man. He stepped inside and took Anna into his arms, hugging her tightly.
Then at the same time they turned to each other and said, “I could sleep on the floor.”
“Damn,” Dean said all of the sudden, and Cas looked around before he realized Dean was staring at him, and he blushed and smiled.
"Can we do whipped cream and chocolate chips?" Mary asked.
“Fall,” Dean said, “all the leaves changing colors.”
He had begged her, pleaded with her, once, long ago, the woman he’d found in the woods, the magical woman who’d saved him when he’d injured his ankle during a hunt. He’d been stuck in the woods, unable to walk for almost a day, and was hungry, and sick, and cold, and she’d healed him, and allowed him to get back to his home safely, and he’d begged her to please make him whole, to heal him completely, take away his scars, his burns, his pain, and she had looked into his eyes, and brushed his cheek and told him softly,
He’d proceeded to tell Castiel that he preferred adventure stories to romance, “Although if they have both that’s always nice,” he added.
“Was it just me?” Cas asked.
Dean chuckled. “I think it was the perfect combination of both,” he said. “And funny, too. I liked it very much. Thank you, Castiel.”
Cas smiled and left, and not for the first time, he wished the next two days would go by a little faster.
“Do you want to go back inside now?” Cas asked.
“Anna, go for Dr. Singer,” he said, looking back at his sister with panic in his blue eyes, and she didn’t miss a beat. Just ran back to Balthazar and climbed on.
“Yes,” Dean said, biting his lip. “I felt that.”
He didn’t know how.
“Banana?” Cas asked with hopeful eyes.
“I see,” Castiel said, still somewhat reluctant to trust the man behind the mask. What did he have to hide? What was he covering up? “Thank you,” he said, but remained between his sister and the stranger.
Cas was speechless.
Castiel nodded. “Very much,” he said, and smirked a little. “Probably a little too much, if I’m being honest. Anna says I don’t ‘get out enough’ and that “‘my people skills are rusty’.” He put finger quotes around the words for emphasis.
Anna flushed again, and couldn’t help smiling a little.
Cas rubbed the back of his neck with his hand and glanced back up at Dean.
Cas smiled. “It’s me, Dean,” he said. “I’m here. Go back to sleep. You’re safe.” And he pressed another kiss to the other man’s forehead, and took Dean’s hand in his once again.
“Cas?” Dean murmured, his eyes closed.
“Dean.”
Castiel smiled and kissed his husband soundly. “You are my world, Dean Winchester,” he said. “I can’t believe I get to spend the rest of my life with you, and wake up next to you every morning. You are the strongest, most beautiful person I know. And it is a privilege to know you, and to love you, and to be your husband.”
reason, Castiel. But not the only reason. It’s the least we can do, after he’s shown us so much kindness.”
Dean invited Castiel inside long enough for him to change, and he couldn’t believe how much nicer the new clothes were compared to his old ones. No fraying, no tears, no patches. They were thick, and warm, and comfortable, and they fit amazingly well. Anna had even made him a coat similar to Castiel’s. And he couldn’t help thinking the clothes even smelled like Cas a little which made him smile.
More is coming though, I promise.
“No, I’m saying that if it wasn’t for that, I would be kissing you stupid right now.” He locked eyes with Cas and the other man blushed fiercely, and his smile widened.
It was half an hour later when they were out of the busy college town and into the countryside that Dean pulled the car into a clearing off the side of the road and turned it off.
There was a moment of silence before Dean spoke again.
“Music,” Dean said, and he closed his eyes, once again resting his head against the back of the seat, and Cas smiled. And the other man started to snore softly, and eventually his head fell to the side and rested gently against Castiel’s shoulder. And Castiel let him stay.
Fuck, he knew attending this wedding wouldn’t be easy, but he hadn’t expected it to be this hard. He had to pull himself together. He had to be there. He’d promised Dean he would be. And he couldn’t let him down. This would be the last time he would ever see him after all. And he wanted to see that smile one last time. See those green eyes lighting up, even if they weren’t for him. See that freckle scattered face, hear that laugh that made his heart melt.
He took a deep breath, looked in the mirror once again, ran his fingers through his dark hair, tucked his tie into his suit jacket, and grabbed his coat.
“I love you, Dean,” he said softly.
“You ready for a new adventure?” Dean said. “California. You’re going back, huh? That’s a long way from home.”
“I’ll take a shower now,” Dean said. “Then we should get some breakfast. You look like you could use a few dozen cups of coffee.”
“I wish there was some way I could repay you,” she said. “Unfortunately I don’t have much. I don’t even know where I am, or what happened to my horse and cart, and all of my designs, and . . .” she trailed off now, realizing that her hopes of attending the fair and showing off her work, were gone, probably destroyed in the storm that had almost claimed her life. And she had no idea if Balthazar was even alive.
There was a wrapping sound on the door just then that startled him, and brought him out of his memories, and he wiped the tear that ran down his cheek, and stood, searching for his mask, and wondering who on earth could be at his door this time. As far as he knew no one but the red haired girl and her brother knew he was out here and he was certainly not expecting more visitors.
Castiel smiled as Dean joined him and they made their way down a winding path, Dean leading the way. These were after all, his woods.
Cas grinned and blushed. “That way is definitely cheaper,” he said, and they kissed.
“I mean, you don’t have colored contacts or anything?” And Cas almost felt the need to cover his face at the way Dean’s eyes bore into his like they were trying to uncover some sort of secret that even Cas wasn’t aware he was hiding.
“Dean, you should try to eat. I made you some soup.”
“Yeah, me too,” Castiel said, and he couldn’t help the smile that spread across his face.
“Thank you,” Cas said, sliding his arms around his husband’s neck. “I’ll work on the coffee creamer and jelly thing. And the spending thing. I know there are healthier ways to cope with my anxiety.”
to make it right.
But he was fond of each of his furniture and they all had a history. The coffee table, stained with water rings, was from his aunt’s house. He found the finely striped fabric of the curtains in a flea market and Anna sewed them for him. And the landscape painting framed on the wall was from a vacation his family spent in the Montana, twenty years ago. The bucket for the leaking window, however, had no sentimental value. It was a practical installation.
Castiel quickly gripped the handle of the pan and dropped the whole thing into the sink, burned pancake and all. Gathering his thoughts about
Castiel exited the car, trying really hard no to roll his eyes. That was unfair, he shouldn’t judge him so harshly. He wasn’t good at small talk himself. He could do it; he had no problem to chat, even with strangers but he had no talent to choose the right subject, he wasn’t really interesting or witty.
If Dean could have disappeared in the cabinet, in the middle of the canned food, he probably would have. But he had sent the pictures himself, no one forced him and that was a pole Eileen would definitely grasp. She checked on the girls, hypnotized by the cartoon on TV, and got off her stool to grab a mug and pour Dean a coffee.
jmills@siouxfalls.org
Dean parked the car and turned off the engine but didn’t make a move to go out. He sighted very loudly and Castiel narrowed his eyes, already irritated.
She giggled for herself, because she wished she could have seen her own face when her co-worker told her Dean came in the afternoon for a little teatime with a guy in a trench coat. She would never ditch him to Sam but that intel didn’t fall on deaf ears. Sam’s face was priceless. She shooed him with the tea towel.
They were now waiting besides the coffee truck, waiting for their order. Dean was still really quiet and blinked so much that Castiel wondered if he needed glasses. It would suit him though. On one side, being with someone that seemed more lost than him boosted his confidence and made him feel a bit more in charge. On the other side…well he was having verbal diarrhea for 10 minutes in a row to compensate his companion’s mutism and he’d known for a fact that would never end well. Hoping the coffee would help, he took the two cups from the vendor and held one out to Dean.
: Dean Winchester – application for librarian position
He spent the rest of the drive asking questions, only met with exasperating answers. How could you crush on someone and not even be sure of the color of their hair, for fuck’s sake ? Apparently, the guy had freckles and beautiful eyes, which Cassie was “
Here comes Jo ! And the begining of the whole dating process !
Cas had let down his eyes on his plate and was shredding his slice to pieces. He ate the whole thing very slowly, stopping only to take a sip of coffee. After long minutes of total silence, the plate and the mug were empty and Dean was wishing he could crawl in a hole and die.
Dean sat on the bed and stretched, his phone held tightly into his hand. The motel room was dark enough to hide the faded wallpaper, shabby carpet and cheap furniture, but it couldn’t do anything in favor of the squeaky mattress that made his night a nightmare.
If there was anything Dean Winchester had always been sure of, it would be his charm and his look.
Hello everyone !
After 45 minutes of fastidious debates about subjects that were not open to debate, and various reviews on WIP and bickering about who drank the most coffee and who brought the less coffee bags, Jody came to her last point. “So…about the new team member. I can share with you what the HR told me, that’s not much but…”
And now he was buying clothes ? Cassie was never buying clothes, for fuck’s sake. Someone had to force him to do it every two years, when he had holes in his shirts and looked like an office worker who became homeless after his wife flew away with his boss and the Labrador. Even then, he only bought some random clothes at Costco. And now he went to fucking Banana Republic to buy a three hundred dollars trench coat ?
The man looked up and blinked a few times. Janice had told him to ditch the trench coat but it seemed to be a good landmark, so he kept it. Since the man didn’t seem inclined to talk, he waved his hand a little at him and took a step closer.
Castiel looked at his hands and the sleeves of his shirt, stained all the way up the elbows. At least it wasn’t a new one. He tried to act as casual as he could when he followed Dean inside, rolling up his sleeves while observing everything inside, now that he was allowed to come in. He stopped in front of the fridge, intrigued by childish drawings and pictures. Two ridiculously cute little girls, eating ice creams. A baby on Dean’s shoulders at the beach. And the two little girls, again, with a very pregnant woman. He only went through half of the pictures when Dean cleared his throat. He was waiting, six feet before him, holding out a nail brush, the water already running.
Castiel felt a bit self-conscious when he realized that Janice probably told everyone she knew about him looking for someone. Even if it was more like her looking for someone for him.
Dean blinked twice, still silent. That was too good to be true, actually. He asked slowly, suddenly a bit more assured as the conversation shifted to his field :
Dean felt Cas’ breathy laugh against his lips and drank it all.
How could teenagers text and walk at the same time ?
Cas pushed a big jar toward him and Dean looked at the golden syrupy thing inside. He had to bite his cheeks to refrain himself from saying that Cas did have a bee kink, in some way. Dean reached out to take it and made the effort to look into Cas’s eyes when he cracked a bashful smile.
was a whole new level of bewilderment. He opened the window to let the smoke out and concluded that waiting too much was not a great idea, pancake-wise or relationship-wise.
That was a nice morning, the lingering chill of the night made the running quite comfortable. They followed their usual route, down the river to the park. There were a few other joggers there, enjoying the silence only broken by the singing of the birds, and the beautiful light of a summer sun rising slowly. Forty-five minutes later, they slowed down in front of his house and Jo grinned back again as she laid her eyes on the porch. Exasperation sparkled in Dean’s eyes when she stretched with a giggle.
dhanscum@siouxfalls.org
I kinda struggle with the layout, I hope it's clear and readable. Please let me know if you liked it or if I can do anything to make it better !
There it is.
“I didn’t scare you, did I ?” which was a funny question for her to ask, because the dude was one-and-a-half-Charlie high, and at least two-Charlies wide. But he definitely looked a bit startled.
“Sorry…but we have to leave right after the meeting, we’re going to the retirement home, you know, the video game discovery session... We won’t have the time to type it and…” After seeing the look on Jody’s face, Charlie offered “…if you can wait for a day or two to have the report…”
” look that she totally disregarded. He went on after a second.
: Re : Re : Tuesday team meeting
Everything’s fine, don’t worry. The dude is funny and seems quick-witted, I showed him around, gave him a little briefing. He’s in his office with Charlie, I think they’re doing all the settings for his computer…
Was he hallucinating or did Cas really do a double take on his nails ?
, asking each other about a date and a time. Setting a location. The guy wasn’t talkative and it was better this way.
Dean’s wrath exploded.
We're getting sooo close to the end I'm kinda emotionnal. I can't beg for comments since I'll do it on Sunday for the ending (I've prepared a whole speech in my head) but... well ♥
With a bad feeling weighting her stomach, she went back to the front door and fumbled for two minutes before she managed to pick the lock and rushing inside.
What. The. Hell.
Dean putted his face in his hand and grunted, helpless. There was no way he could say such a thing and pass it as nice or polite. No way. It wasn’t even worth the try.
He did have Dean’s number now, but he said that was in case he had a problem with his car… He could wait until the next AA meeting : if Dean had found it, he would probably bring it then. But that seem a bit rude to disseminate his belongings and not even care about it.
Sam checked for the millionth time that his daughters favorite teddys were there and went on about the bath, the diner, and the bedtime for each. He glanced twice at Eileen, sprawled on the couch.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What are you making anyway?” he asked as he wet the rag and wiped the flour from his cheek and nose.
Castiel felt a pang in his chest and he had to sit. Tears filled his eyes. He wasn’t sure if it was because he was grateful Dean was okay  or if it was guilt eating away at him again.
Castiel swallowed again and brought his hands up to his mouth. Sweat started to bead his forehead.
Cas bit his lip and looked down. He felt his skin prickling and his hands were starting to sweat.
“This?” Cas asked, brushing his thumb lightly against the corner of Dean’s lip as he looked at it, and he could see the other man’s chest rising and falling, could hear his breathing getting heavier.
Dean grinned and flushed slightly. “Yeah,” he said.
And Dean stood, and moved away, tears still falling. He was trembling once again.
Dean looked back at her now, smiling even more, though she couldn’t see it. “Probably,” he agreed.
“The snow,” Dean said, gesturing around them. It was still falling, several inches now blanketing the ground around them.
“No, wait,” he said, earnestly. And Dean paused. “I . . . I want to be here.”
Mary looked at her younger brother and sighed. "Jack can pick," she said, and gave him a slight smile, and the boy beamed.
Dean stared at him, dumbstruck. “Seriously?”
She didn’t argue. And she found she felt strangely safe and comfortable letting herself fall asleep once again in the strange man’s house. The man who had seemingly rescued her from the woods, cared for her, given her a place to stay and re-cooperate.
“Christmas,” Castiel replied softly. “The lights, and the music, and the snow.”
Because Dean was twenty four years old, and Dean was Castiel’s teacher.
“And now, looking down at the cord, feeling it’s weight, give yourself a gift,” he said softly, stroking Dean’s hair again. “Give yourself the permission, to let go of this cord, to take a knife, and cute it, release it, just drop it. Let it go. Let it go. Let it go.”
Oh, God. No wonder Dean had worn the mask. If his face was as bad as Bobby was letting on, it was no surprise he’d been trying to hide it this whole time. He wanted desperately to go see his friend, but he felt glued to his chair, stricken with fear.
So when Friday evening rolled around sometime in mid October and Dean still hadn’t asked Cas out, Cas took a deep breath and said,
Cas nodded. “And you’re out?”
And Castiel turned to face him now, and they pressed their lips together, and kissed fiercely.
Anna smiled. “Your favorite,” she said.
“Cas,” he said, his voice weak and hoarse, and then his legs gave out from under him, and he collapsed.
“All kinds,” Castiel said. “I’m not picky. I just love to read. If I had to pick I’d probably say biographies. But really I just love the feel of a book in my hands, the sound of the pages turning, the way they smell. If I could get a candle that smelled like old books I’d be very happy.”
“Thank you,” Dean said, looking down at himself and smiling. “This is another one of my favorite things.”
“You know, being gay isn’t anything to be ashamed of,” Dean found himself saying. “I’m sorry your prom wasn’t everything you wished it could be either. Your date might be understanding, she might not be, I don’t know. But, remember what I said about chasing your dreams? That doesn’t just apply to your career, Castiel. If you aren’t ready to be open about your sexuality I understand, but there’s freedom in accepting who you are, and loving yourself for who you are. Trust me. Your dreams can involve love and romance too. With a boy. You don’t have to settle.  Or pretend.”
“Mr. Winchester, hi,” Castiel said, beaming. “Gosh, it’s good to see you.”
He was just doing this to be nice to Dean.
“Dean?” he said again, looking around. He noticed that Dean’s shoes were missing and he started to panic. What the hell was he thinking going outside when he was still under the weather? And where had he gone? And without his coat? Was he off in the woods somewhere? Great, now Castiel had to hunt him down and hope that he hadn’t made himself sicker off doing God knows what.
He slid on his mask and headed towards the door, opening it cautiously. And he wasn’t sure how to react when he saw the handsome, dark haired, man from yesterday standing in front of him with a basket in his hands.
“I’m fine, Castiel,” Anna promised.
“Goodbye, Castiel,” Dean said, raising his hand.
about our favorite things.”
Dean nodded and busied himself making them supper, but Castiel didn’t even take off his cloak. He felt somewhat guilty, but he couldn’t help it. The man made him uncomfortable and he might have agreed to stay the night but he wasn’t going to make himself at home. He sat curled up on the bed as Anna puttered around the kitchen with Dean and he made sure his eyes stayed on them both.
in the snow?” he said. “What do you mean?”
“I . . . yes, thank you,” he said, clumsily. “I would like that.”
And Dean realized he’d been so lost in thought he’d never responded. “Yeah, of course,” he lied. “Great. Yeah, that sounds like the perfect day, for sure.” And he smiled at Castiel as the other man went to change.
************
Cas chuckled. “I’m okay with that,” he said.
Dean looked up now and he swallowed hard once again. “Cas, you can’t . . . ” he whispered, his voice shaking.
And he must have dozed off because he couldn’t recall Cas’s answer.
“We don’t have to use the mirror if you don’t want to, sweetheart,” he said, resting a hand on Dean’s knee. “But I do think it would help. Even more now after hearing your story, in fact. Looking in the mirror and saying those truths, seeing your face, Dean, and telling yourself that you are beautiful and good, while looking at yourself, it will be hard, but it will also be powerful. And it will be a resounding slap in the face to everything your father had you tell yourself for all of those years.”
“Good morning, handsome,” she said, resting her elbows on the counter and winking at him.
“Should we search the woods?” Castiel asked, starting to worry.
“Dean, I, I have to know something,” Castiel said, stopping inches in front of the other man.
At least, doing anything about it was not okay.
“Probably not,” Castiel said. “It’s too much fun.”
And Castiel didn’t know how to talk to strange men that dressed up as foxes and pretended it was perfectly normal behavior. Especially when they looked at him like that.
Castiel chuckled slightly. “Sorry,” he said. “I didn’t mean to scare you, Mr. Winchester.”
“Uh, no,” he said, his face flushing. “That’s all me.”
“You tell me,” Principle Ackles said, and picked something up off of his desk, and thrust it forward.
And Cas didn’t say anything. He couldn’t say anything. He was too overwhelmed. All he could do was nod. And that was good enough for Dean, who stood and hugged him tightly, tears filling his eyes too, and then took Castiel’s hand in his, his boyfriend’s face still streaked with tears. He slid the glove off of his hand and slid the ring on.
Castiel continued to play therapist with Dean, asking him if he was working on saying his “affirmations” as he called them on a daily basis. He insisted that frequency was the key, and that on the particularly rough days when Dean really didn’t want to say them, that was when he needed to do it the most, and that if Dean needed help, he would be there, to walk him through it, to guide him, to hold him, if necessary.
“Promise?” Dean said, a pout to his lips.
“Really?” he said, a look of disbelief on his face.
And he wondered, not for the first time, what the man looked like under the fox mask. He could see his light brown hair, on the sides and in the back, where the mask didn’t reach. He sounded beautiful. His voice, his eyes, were certainly beautiful. Enchanting almost. And Castiel was certain that his soul was beautiful too. Tainted maybe, scarred, but still beautiful. So what was he hiding?
He would always be there.
“Yes, Mr. Novak,” Principal Ackles said. “Please, come in.”
“Naps.”
“It’s okay,” Cas said. “We’re here, right?”
“No,” he said. “It suits you.”
And Dean swallowed. He was being rude.
Dean was learning to forgive. Cas was helping him, encouraging him, but ultimately he knew the work was his own. And it wasn’t just his father he had to forgive, he knew. It was himself. And that was even harder, but he was making progress, one day, one moment at a time, he was learning to love himself, accept himself. Learning that he didn’t have to be perfect, and that it was okay to make mistakes. He was learning, just like the trees in Autumn, the beauty of letting go.
“And you moved back home? To be close to family, I take it?”
He was sharing a bed with Dean. And he was relieved that the man had taken him up on his offer and was no longer on the hard, cold floor, so he felt good about that, but he honestly wasn’t sure that having Dean next to him was going to help him sleep any better. He didn’t turn to face him, because he was pretty sure that would make things even harder, but he did smile and feel a shiver go down his spine when Dean spoke again and he felt his warm breath ghosting over the back of his neck.
“Yeah,” Dean said.
He thought.
It took infinitely longer than Castiel would have liked for Dr. Singer and Anna to arrive back at the cottage, and when they did Castiel was shooed away so that the physician could work in private.
“Thank you,” she said, taking the cup and holding it in her small hands. The warmth filled her and she sighed, breathing it in. It smelled just as good as it tasted. There was honey and a hint of lemon.
“Makes sense,” Dean agreed, but he didn’t make eye contact.
But then he heard shuffling and Dean’s voice near his head.
“Miss, you need to wake up,” it said. “If you don’t get out of those clothes soon you’ll catch pneumonia.”
Twenty minutes and he would have a wife, and be headed to Hawaii on his honeymoon.
Dean nodded.
“All kind,” Dean said. “Cherry is probably my favorite, but I’ll go for anything.”
“Well, I’m at least glad you both had some company,” she said.
Maybe being horrible at math was turning out to be a blessing in disguise.
It was several hours later when Dean finally climbed out of bed and pulled back the curtain, expecting to be alone and planning to make himself some tea, but when he saw Castiel sitting at the kitchen table, his hands folded together in front of him, he quickly pulled the curtain back again, cursing under his breath.
“Very well,” he said. And Anna smiled.
Castiel had rummaged through Dean’s trunk to find something. Dean didn’t seem to mind Castiel handling each and every one of his books and told him which were his favorites as well.
But truth be told he was acutely uncomfortable and his almost thirty year old body was not handling this whole floor situation as well as he’d bragged that it might, and he was already feeling sore and was damn exhausted from the day of traveling and navigating thirty students through DC, and the thought of doing it again in ten hours after having spent the night on the hotel room floor was less than appealing.
Cas wiped away more tears as he sat at the airport waiting to board his plane. He’d left the church after talking with Dean. He couldn’t stick around for the wedding after that. Didn’t think he should. He’d just made out with the groom after all, and then been rejected. Surely Dean would understand. He’d told him to go after all.
She smiled. “I’ll be leaving in a few days,” she said. “For the fair. As soon as I get my last few designs together. You gonna be okay?”
He closed his eyes, remembering that night. Remembering the way the flames clung to his clothes and skin no matter how frantically he tried to extinguish them, how the smoke threatened to suffocate him. He remembered the smell of burning flesh, his
“Summer break is over,” she said, stroking his cheek. “Ready for a new school year?”
He reached forward slowly, and gently, very gently, ran his fingers over the scarred, mangled face that he was seeing for the very first time. The skin was red at the top near his hairline, and turned yellow near his cheek. It was pulled tight, and raised slightly, and had a leathery quality to it. The side of his lip tugged to the side ever so slightly as if in a permanent half smile and the skin was darker, a deeper shade of pink, where it hadn’t grown back, even after all these years.
The kind, gentle man, with green eyes and the face of a fox.
And Castiel looked back into the box and smiled as well. Inside was a blue leash, and a PetSmart gift card.
He blinked.
“I’m uh, I’m actually taking a position at a school in California,” Castiel said.
They talked for a while after that. About their families, about their classes. Cas found out that Dean was a junior which he couldn’t believe he hadn’t known until this point as he himself was a freshman. Dean was majoring in elementary education which Cas thought was both adorable and fitting, given how good a teacher he was. He was a little nervous when Dean asked what his major was and he didn’t have an answer, but once again Dean took it in stride, told him there was no rush and that he didn’t have to have it figured out yet.
Please let me know what you thought about this work, and I'll see you next work, I guess ♥
It took him two full glass of water and a minute before he could speak, his voice raspy.
She texted him every day and he made a point not answering when she mentioned Tinder. How was she supposed to coach him through it if he didn’t tell her anything ? She tried again when they were running but he grinned at her.
Fuck. That was setting the bar very low. He closed his eyes for two seconds and gave himself a mental slap.
he gave Dean what he thought was a reassuring smile.
There was no way he could make fun of that answer and so he just poured his brother a glass of whiskey. The pile of laundry did not seem convinced by the smell and made a face, but drank it bottoms up.
Hello,
“Don’t fuck with me, it’s ratty and you know it” Benny knew Dean was stubborn. He also knew that even if he would never phrased it like that, Dean considered it his ‘lucky shirt’. He sighed “At least put on a jacket. And some decent shoes...”
There were not so many people, maybe fifty, sixty ? Cas should be easily recognizable. After another unsuccessful scan of the crowd, he reached at his pocket for his phone and his eyes fell on the trench coat.
Here is you dose of fluffy fluff, I hope you'll enjoy it !
” attitude…
Every time they met, she saw a bit more of her old friend. Less numb, more witty. Bad puns came back. He was gaining his confidence back and she was thrilled about it.
And that's a wrap on "Poisoned Pie Life" !
Janice was trying on and off to set him up for years, and before that… well. Let’s just say his brother had never been a Casanova and it had been this way for so long Balthazar didn’t even consider he could just meet someone he liked out of the blue. Right now, he kinda wished he had pumped the breaks on the jokes.
dhanscum@siouxfalls.org
“Did Donna show you around ? You met everyone ?”
But it was in Sioux Falls.
And as I said, there’ll be some stuff coming soon, so please subscribe if you don't wanna miss them :
The faint laughs and quiet conversation were interrupted by two guys who came in and sat in a booth. Jo jumped on the floor and took their orders while Sam was eating the last cooled pancake of the plate. He was getting up when she came back.
However, he couldn’t turn down Eileen’s offer. Before he could process what was going on, she had switched seats with her husband and took Dean’s hands on her baby bump. There was nothing funny, so why the hell did he feel like laughing ? The baby was kicking like crazy; it was so weird to...feel it ? Through another human being. It should feel gross.
She stopped at a door and smiled at the middle-aged black woman focused on her computer.
Dean felt really unsettled. It’s not like he had given much thought about the guy (well he did, but not in that kind of way) but he did let his imagination wandered a little and…that’s not what he pictured in his mind. His voice was very low and raspy, that was pretty nice. Surprising but nice. But he talked like…like a book ? The messages had been very concise, not even one single full sentence and suddenly he was in front of him, speaking with a strange partition of the syllables. Was he foreign ?
How are you ? I hope you'll love this (long) chapter as much as I do ! Please let me know what you think about it (lots of feels will be felt, I guess)
He extended his hand while offering a warm smile, since his brother raised him well. Said brother must have lost all his manners through the years ‘cause he literally kicked Sam’s hand away. Okayyy, so apparently being polite to Mr. Accountant was forbidden.
Sam didn’t know what woke him up. He didn’t open his eyes immediately, hearing some footsteps somewhere in the house, muted by the sound of the rain on his window. He blinked when the door slammed and two seconds later, he was awake, very conscious of where he was and with whom.
He leaned to plant a kiss in her hair and started cleaning up the mess. It was amazing how fast kids could turn any tidy room into pure chaos in just a few minutes. The girls were here for less than 24 hours and he already cleaned the room like four times. He put the cushions back on the couch, made a neat pile with the books and the toys, picked up 6 spoons, 2 sippy cups and 3 plates, walked barefoot on a doll’s tiny plastic purse, managed not to scream and swept the floor while limping slightly (he was sure that the guy who invented torture had a kid with stupid tiny toys). Allison was humming a song she probably invented, very focused on her page. When Dean looked over her shoulder, she was trying to write her name on the top of the drawing. There were some missing letters, and they were not in the correct order but he was still amazed and proud and his chest felt suddenly tight.
And please, save me a piece of pie, I’m gonna need it.
He jogged after him but noticed that Sam’s car was still parked in the same place and his brother and Eileen were looking at them. Oh fuck. No doubt they were gossiping like crazy. Dean waved his hand as an indication to leave, several times, until he heard the engine starting.
Dean looked at him and seemed a little bit relieved that he opened the conversation.
(See the end of the chapter for
He seemed surprised by the answer, as if Dean weren’t the type to be kind, or polite. As every time he was seen as anything else but tough, careless or confident, Dean felt the stupid urge to joke crudely.
Carrying the tiny plate with both hands, he came back to the living room with the strong will to keep everything friendly and not ambiguous at all.
Cas looked up to him, frowning.
But there he was, a forty-year-old man feeling like shit because some guy just said no when he offered his help. That was ridiculous. He tried to shake the awful feeling that was creeping under his skin while Cas continued to talk.
The pictures kept coming in.
Thanks for sticking with me and this story ♥
” were green.
He reached inside the backpack at the foot of the bench and took out a plastic tub.
Ten minutes later, Dean was wearing a jacket over his t-shirt and he traded his boots for a much classier pair from Benny. “Can I go now ?” He threw Benny an irritated look.
Hello there ! New chapter !
(See the end of the chapter for
He did do that, and Allison cried about it for like 10 minutes.
winchester.s@umn.edu
Dean confident smile was gone faster than the Millennium Falcon made the Kessel Run. Did she… did she really call him ‘son’ ? He blinked and glanced at Donna to see if this was supposed to go this way. The slightly-uncomfortable-but-not-surprised-at-all look on her face wasn’t reassuring. He licked his lips nervously and before he could form an articulated answer, Missouri went on “Don’t you remember me ?”
He couldn’t have dream for a better distraction on a boring Sunday.
Sam took the keys off the dashboard and, after a hesitation, hugged Dean tight enough to make him wince before getting out of the car.
The restaurant, if you could call it that, was a bit outside of the city. When he’d heard
The eyes of his guest were glued at the wall, past Castiel’s shoulders. His mouth was still opened so Castiel remained silent, waiting.
Half because it was his direction anyway, half because he was almost positive if he didn’t, Cas would roast him again.
That was really a shame ‘cause she could totally imagine him being happy with a candid and easy-going person. It would do him so much good.
Cas casted him an unreadable look and Dean felt like he had to choose his words carefully.
Sat on Dean’s porch steps, Castiel was fidgeting with the tiny rip in the right knee of his brand-new pair of jeans. How stupid it was to buy clothes that were already damaged ? He shouldn’t have listen to Balthazar when they went back to the shop to return the coat.
Speaking of dignity, Dean suddenly realized he bluntly told the dude he was attending an AA meeting. And that Cas didn’t even flinch.
After rummaging angrily through the hangers, Castiel forced himself to choose the new t-shirt he bought with Balthazar. It made him smile at the shop, even if his brother rolled his eyes at him. The only reason he let him go away with it, was because it was actually different from what he was usually wearing, and that was the assignment. Maybe it would made him smile today too.
In the middle of the parking lot, Cassie stopped and closed his eyes like a man in prayer. Apparently, he was considering walking for two hours instead of being stuck with his brother for twenty minutes. Balthazar walked toward his car and held the door open.
What. The. Fuck.
No one was laughing anymore. The room was dark, except for the TV screen, still playing some random movie on mute. She heard Dean trying to swallow the lump in his throat.
uneasy. His usual encounters were so different. It was a little game, sometimes very short, sometimes longer, where both sides tested each other. There was no challenge in this meeting. Like everything was already decided unless one of them was repulsed enough to step back. It should have felt easier, in a way, but it didn’t.
And there is the last chapter of this part !
Cas was babbling about things he couldn’t even proceed because he was going through his personal Vietnam there, trying to eat as fast as he could without gagging.
“Don’t you ‘Hey’ me, you brat ! You haven’t called in weeks, loose the attitude.”
Thanks to @Erkhaly and @Capt_Nettle for the prompt, the beta reading, the support and the love. And most of all : for making me watch SPN.
Janice trying to set Cassie for another date. It didn’t happen in a long time and for a while, he thought the poor diligent woman had exhausted all the men in the county crazy enough to go on a date with his brother.
Through all the profiles Jo showed him, he went for a guy, around his age, whose face was as hidden as his in the profile picture. He seemed forward in his presentation and he too was not foolish enough to show his face on Tinder. Shop owner, brown hair, blue eyes,  if he wasn’t lying. Athletic was not a lie for sure : the guy looked ripped. And cherry on the cake : he was living about two hours away and was in town only for a few nights.
Ok, the dude was good looking. But he was also weird as hell. He was going to church, he had fucking bees in his garden. And he owned a trench coat. That he wore. Like all the time.
: Re : Re : Re : Re : Tuesday team meeting
She didn’t even offer to help : Dean would have rather deal with everything, his two hands tied in his back, than let her do anything.
Jo is still alive because Dean loves her very much but he will never let her set him up to anything, ever again. She regrets nothing though, that was hilarious.
For a moment, he thought he could never go outside the car. Time was stretching and he felt heavy, numb. What if it turned out wrong ? What if they fight ? If Dean loses his temper again ? His hands were gripping at the wheel so hard it hurts. He let his head fall forward, so hard that it sent the horn, making him jump on his seat. When he turned his head, Sam was looking right at him with a big smile on his face.
And he stayed on the bench, eating with his fingers while looking around him. Suddenly he couldn’t understand was he was so worked up about earlier. That was pretty cool. The food was good, there was a few familiar faces, from the meeting and the staff, and even the people he never met seemed nice. He should remember that feeling for next time. He knew he tended to expect the worse of everything. That would be nice to have in store a recent and tangible memory about a time things turned out better that he could have imagined.
cnovak@siouxfalls.org
At this point, he would have gone with any kind of interruption, included Balthazar asking loudly  if Castiel preserved himself for marriage.
It was his third meeting already. The first times were too scary for him to even think about letting Sam knows. It was just to see what was going on inside, after all. Maybe it could be over in a couple visits ? Maybe he didn’t need it at all ? After all he wasn’t like all those drunkards, he had a job and all. But the stories told were too similar to his. The eyes had the same fuzziness. Some hands were slightly shaking, just like his own. A violent battle took place in his mind, between realization and denial. The two paths he had in front of him seemed both miserable and hurtful in different ways.
At the perspective of being useful in some way he knew he was good, Dean regained a lot of confidence.
As usual, I'll be really glad to have your opinion about the story and about my writing, please let me know if you anything in your mind ♥
he looked genuinely confused
jmills@siouxfalls.org
How much did he drink to be in such a terrible state ? She found herself helpless. It was the wrong time to talk about it, obviously, so she just poured some water into a glass, grabbed a towel and sit beside him, her hand stroking his back drenched of cold sweat.
In front of him, Cas was frowning more and more, his blue eyes glued to Dean’s face. God. Couldn’t he eat or drink or do anything while listening, like normal people ?
He’d missed Ashley’s talent’s show ‘cause he was hangover.
That appeared to be a wrong idea, ‘cause he already felt like laughing when the guy said “Worry not” (Who the fuck was talking like that ?) but it’s wasn’t laughter that made him spit out, thought.
Sending a text did not seem like a big deal, now. Castiel still took his time to write a long message, correcting his words several times before pressing send.
I think this is a bit because you said you agreed to help me with the interim as long as there wouldn’t be a new Head of the Library, but that you were “not good with human stuff”.
There was a long silence, only broken by the cartoon ridiculous noises on the background. Dean watched the bottom of his mug, desperate to have something to drink just to avoid talking. He ran his hand into his hair twice and gave up, a bashful smile tearing the corner of his lips as he locked his eyes with hers.
- Sorry
Probably not. But well, she was no shrink and she didn’t know what else to do. So…fake it ‘till you make it, Jo. He was doing so well,
His place was about 10 miles outside of the town, right in the middle of nowhere.
✉ 2018/06/29 at 17:36
Poor Castiel : uncomfortable Dean has a tendancy to be extremely rude.
” were half-hearted 90% of the time. He himself didn’t believe in words, he believed in actions.
I actually had a long discussion with myself about whether or not I should publish the following chapter as well. They kinda go together, but I wasn't really sure if the end of this one was a cliffhanger or not so much ? Let me know !
He and Dean made a good pair. Castiel discovered that his quirkiness was quite an asset with the kids. He had no prejudice towards their capacities and was a particularly good listener. But Dean knew them better and he was definitely useful for everything practical, like changing diapers and avoiding accident. He stopped Castiel when he gave Ashley a piece of carrot that was, who could have known, just the size of her windpipe. After that, Castiel started to see everything around him as a potential danger.
: Re : First day
That meeting was no less hard than the ones before and he didn’t even try to stop drinking yet. But when he left the building and checked his phone, he had a text from Sam. A picture, no caption, but it meant more than a thousand words.
He couldn’t finish the sentence because Dean suddenly saw exactly what he meant and snatched the box from Cas’ hands.
It was only after a lot more pints and some confused drunk talk that she understood what happened.
✉ 2018/07/06 at 12:20
✉ 2018/06/02 at 9:03
And when Sammy asked if he had honey for his frigging hippie tea. And again when he told Dean that the kids were asking for a kitten for weeks.
His phone buzzed seconds later. Dean was obviously writing faster than him.
Bless was Dean Winchester. Not only he babysat the girls for a week but he came back with a full load of groceries. Propped up on the kitchen island, Eileen was nursing a cup of coffee, dark circles under eyes, watching her brother-in-law unpacking the bags of food.
He was an uncommon but really nice guy. He volunteered at the Community Center for years. Olivia herself was coming here for 5 years and Castiel was already there for a long time. He drove countless people to the meetings when they didn’t have a car. He babysat some kids, he helped set out the Christmas party every year and was involved in many charity fundraisers for the community. Really, he was an angel.
Not better, Winchester.
He ran so fast outside he nearly fell on the hood of the Impala. Through the drenched windshield, Sam could see a blurred version of his brother looking at him, the hand still on the opened car door. They stayed there, starring at each other, Dean froze behind the steering wheel while Sam was getting drenched under the rain. None of them move, and it was the answer at the question he didn’t even asked yet.
First time together, outside of the community center, since the disastrous blind date.
“’bout time !” yelled the grumpy voice after two rings. Sam wasn’t lying about that, Bobby was pissed.
Even if he planned to give it back and leave, in order to avoid ending up alone, grumpy and anxious in the middle of a barbecue, Cas decided otherwise. He grabbed his elbow and dragged him to the tables, asking if he was hungry.
One hour later, there were two toddlers running on the grass, trying to catch the cats.
” taped to the frame of a landscape painting.
The reverend’s wife thought otherwise. She bragged about being the best matchmaker in town, and she didn’t even flinch when she realized Castiel was gay. But most of all, even if she was relentless and sometimes a bit terrifying, Janice never treated him like a desperate cause. So Castiel dutifully went to any date she’s ever found for him.
That was very, very disruptive.
The hand on his shoulder started him.
Dean didn’t had to pass an interview in like, years. When he got the call, he freaked out.
Ah yes. Dean mentioned that when he texted the picture of his nephew. He seemed thrilled about it, how could he have forgot ? He stared at the phone, watching all his mastermind plans sinking into the deep blue sea and finally hit the call button.
Castiel shifted to kneel on the couch and ran a hand on Dean’s hair. He had wanted to that for weeks now. It was soft under his fingers, tingling on the back of his head. As he took Dean’s face into his hands, Castiel felt his own grin growing wider and wider.
I really hope you liked those two chapters. You can suscribe and leave a kudo, a comment... it'll give me tons of energy to write !
: Re : Re : Re : homecoming ?
The church, all the volunteering, it was a family thing, he never forced himself to do it. He was glad to help, to feel useful. But lately, he started to realize that maybe the reason he loved it so much was because it was the only moment when he felt like he belongs. Because people were keener to accept his quirky personality when he was here to help.
is everything alright ?
The set-up needs a few more chapters but I promise it won't be too long before we get to the blind date thing.
Ok, not so silently. Castiel breathed deeply and poked his head through the pearl curtain.
” himself. Castiel shrugged, smiling a bit.
He wished he could think of a snappy comment right now. Anything. But he just gaped at her and felt his ears grow warm.
He hung up and laughed so hard he started to wheeze. In front of him, Castiel looked more and more confused every second.
Those last weeks had been though, to be polite. He was a mess. At the beginning, he even wondered if he’ll ever feel better, if it worth it, ‘cause he felt more down than when he was drinking. He tripped twice, even though he told his brother only once. Well, he’d shown him, but that was their only way of talking to each other for the last months.
It’s been a few weeks since Sam came with Eileen and the kids because he was afraid to find his brother drunk, or his house a total mess. Last time they came together to visit, Dean managed to work 12 hours a day at the garage; only coming back to drink a couple beers and doze off on the couch 20 minutes later. Seeing the kids seemed to help at first, when they were babies. Eileen was always on board to come and see him, she’d tried to talk to him, she’d been friendly, caring, supportive and never judged him for his lifestyle or the condition of his home. But lately, Dean’s seemed to be running away, pretending he forgot that they were coming. He always had work to do, he needed sleep. All excuses seemed handy to avoid spending much time with them when they were at his place, even though he’d never refused them to come. He couldn’t refuse anything to Sam, anyway.
And there it was. Not even a
He seemed a bit out of breath and Allison was now grabbing at his hair. Sam winced. He knew first-hand that it was rather painful. Dean slid on the floor, explaining that the pony was tired and needed a break. Sam watched his baby daughter taking every toy out of the bag in the small living room while her big sisters was tearing more and more at Dean’s collar to take a good look at the tattoo underneath. He pinched the bridge of his nose. Maybe that wasn’t a good idea, after all. Eileen got on her feet and touched his shoulder.
Sam never thought he would ever been relieved to see his brother crying, but he was. He could see the anger and the hate pouring out of Dean as the tears streamed down his face.
✉ 2018/07/03 at 10:56
It's the end of the main story but there'll definitely be some timestamps, so you can suscribe if you don't wanna miss it ! (if you have any idea for cute, fluffy, funny timestamps, PLEASE leave me a comment ♥)
✉ 2018/07/06 at 11:02
When Cas looked at him, with a forced expression of shock plastered on his face, Dean admitted he had it coming. He almost never apologizes, even when he should. Old habits die hard.
Dean doesn't deal well with insomnia and being left with his thoughts.
when he grabbed his coffee and Cas lighted up like it was a miracle. Great. Apparently the saying
✉ 2018/07/06 at 11:28
dhanscum@siouxfalls.org
He smiled with all his teeth “Okey-dokey, boss !”
For as long as she knew him, Dean’s always been a bit gruff, a bit grumpy, a bit rough around the edges. But the last few years he’d become almost a stranger. Moody, gloomy, sarcastic and not in a funny way. She hated the self-deprecating jokes he made all the times and that sad twisted smile that had replaced the wide grin she used to know. But it all happened so slowly that she didn’t get to do something until it was too late. She really thought she had lost him. When he didn’t come to the bar for three weeks in a row, her first thought was he was dead. She didn’t even have his number anymore, they didn’t hang out like they used to, they only met at the bar when she was working.
By the time the plate was empty, Dean wondered how long he could hold that thing into his stomach before it turns Alien style.
The answer could wait, he didn’t need to appear as clingy on top of everything. That was embarrassing enough to form the thought  that maybe the not-so-caveman was likable.
The curious looks of the crowd followed him on his way out, as long as his poor choices of words.
When he opened his eyes again, he shook himself and made a beeline to the big patch of grass behind the building, looking around for a silhouette in a trench coat.
Hey there ! New wenesday, new chapter. Thank you very much for reading ♥ All the hits, the kudos and the comments really boost me. And just as a tiny warning : I hope none of you is eating pie right now ♥
postmaster@siouxfalls.org;
deanwin@gmail.com
“Better. How’re you, son ?” Bobby has always been an irritable guy. There was no human alive that could remember Bobby enjoying anything without grumbling. But once you were used to it, you could really spot the good heart and the fondness underneath all the mumbling and the bitching. “Sam told me you’re looking for a job. Again.”
He couldn’t even understand why he was coming back to the meetings. Or he didn’t want to understand, consciously. Deep down, it was crystal clear : he wasn’t better than any of them. They were parents, teachers, workers, elder people or even high school students, and they all have a drinking problem. He had a drinking problem.
Dean casted her a well-executed “
He couldn’t exactly say why. Maybe because there was nothing at stake ? Maybe because she already saw him at his lowest, unlike Sam ?
. He liked the witty mind and the genuine curiosity. He liked the broad shoulders; be they were straight and proud or heavy and drooping. He liked the courage and the devotion to his family. He liked the hands, even covered in motor grease.
The guy slide beside his office and sat on his chair. “I met Donna and Missouri, but the other guy in her office is late, I think ? And the manuscript librarian is on holidays. Mrs Mills has an appointment at the city hall, I’ll see her later. The youth librarians are having a meeting. There is a “do not disturb” sign on their door.”
I'm very excited about this fic and I hope you are too ♥
Anyways, I hope you'll love it !
Castiel's mantra "Do no harm but take no shit" is really starting to show.
the man shook his hand in a very mannered way.
Dean waved his hand toward his mouth to indicate, in case Castiel didn’t notice, that it was hard to talk while munching and thank God, he finally swallowed.
