“Cas,” he breathes, scarcely trusting his voice.
The destiny was fulfilled which the father of the gods, Michael of the mountain, had decreed for Castiel: ‘In nether-earth the darkness will show him a light: of mankind, all that are known, none will leave a monument for generations to come to compare with his. The heroes, the wise men, like the new moon have their waxing and waning. Men will say, "Who has ever ruled with might and with power like him?" As in the dark month, the month of shadows, so without him there is no light. O Castiel, this was the meaning of your dream. You were given the kingship, such was your destiny, everlasting life was not your destiny. Because of this do not be sad at heart, do not be grieved or oppressed; he has given you power to bind and to loose, to be the darkness and the light of mankind. He has given unexampled supremacy over the people, victory in battle from which no fugitive returns, in forays and assaults from which there is no going back. But do not abuse this power, deal justly with your servants in the palace, deal justly before the face of the Sun.'
“Huh.  You know what?  You’re right.  We’ve been going about this all wrong, Cas!  We tried to use conventional magic against a demon, instead of calling out to Dean!”  He strode away to locate the spell book he’d been using, and when he returned to the table, he found Cas leaning against the table with his head bowed, his hands clamped tight over the edge, and he was almost visibly vibrating.
After twenty leagues they broke their fast, after thirty leagues they stopped for the night; in three days they had walked as much as a journey of a month and fifteen days. When the journey was accomplished they arrived at URUK, the strong-walled city. Castiel spoke to him, to Tessa the ferryman, ‘Tessa, climb up on to the wall of URUK, inspect its foundation terrace, and examine well the brickwork; see if it is not of burnt bricks; and did not the seven wise men lay these foundations? One third of the whole is city, one third is garden, and one third is field, with the precinct of the goddess Meg. These parts and the precinct are all URUK.'
“I do wish that he could see that, Dean, and you can guess why.”
“The two of us are more clever than any witch.  A mere human?”
Dena shifted. “Well, yeah, okay. So I am.  The brewpot boiled over and I got distracted.  For a minute.”
but as it strikes Castiel as rather less shocking to the sensibilities of the ladies than either
Tags: destiel, kidfic, drabble, Dad!Dean, Dad!Castiel, Jack
“Not completely alone,” Carver cut in.  “Aren’t the boys coming over to help?”
Dagon --- BELIT-SHERI: Scribe and recorder of the underworld gods.
“Hmm.  Okay, give me your favorite and let’s have a listen.”
Naomi --- NINDUKUGGA: With Endukugga, parental gods living in the underworld.
“Right.”  They listened in silence for a minute before Dean asked, “So, uh, why this then?  It have special significance for you, or…?”
3  thinks I’m weird
“You had better return to your partner and enjoy her smiles, for you are wasting your time on me.” He turns on his heel and stalks away, and so misses how Castiel lifts his own proud head, squares his shoulders, and sets his jaw with a clench of teeth.
“It's hot.  I'm hot.”
He looked down at himself.  “So I don’t understand: how’d this happen?  How’d you manage to get me topside?”
He nodded.  “Yes, I’m fine, just felt a bit crowded was all.”
“Nah.  It doesn’t matter.  I work all week to pay for these luxurious digs,” gesturing widely.  “And the rest goes to his school, which, I don’t have to tell
Jo nods enthusiastically, her cheeks glowing. “Anna is here, too, of course, but- He came as soon as he heard.”
“They were trained by the best,” Charlie beamed.
“No onions on mine.”
Tags: destiel, Saileen; three-sentence fic
“It wasn’t drugs,” Cas assured him with undue seriousness.  “He produced a series of independent films.  Maybe you’ve heard of them?”
With Sam fighting to control his laughter, Dean sat up, spoiling for a fight.  “Okay, whatever, dude.  I’m over this already.  What the fucking fuck is this shit on the radio?”
car.”  He stopped behind Sam and handed him the bag with the splint.
“No,” he says, lifting his head. “No, he will not. His name is not to be spoken here, so long as he- No.” Dean pushes himself from the sofa and stands somewhat shakily.
“Cas.” Dean broke the kiss, his mouth still tantalizingly close, lips brushing Castiel’s as he spoke.  “I’m not gonna move in with you.”
“Whoa.  If looks could kill, I’d be a smoking crater.  Here, got you something.”  He shoved a large black coffee between Cas’ gorgeous hands.
Cas lowered his eyes and gave Dean a small smile.  “You don’t need the notes today?”
The fair-haired beauty prattles on: “He was at the ball last week, in the company of Mr Lefroy. There was not a lady in the room who could attract his gaze, though Miss Jane did try. I thought she would turn absolutely monstrous- she was wild to dance with him! The coldest, most unfeeling a man who ever cursed a ballroom with his presence. No, dear brother, I do not find him attractive in the least. I am by no means-”
I have been unable to think of aught but these two beautiful gentlemen these two days together and now I must share with you the fruits of my pleasant labors. You will find the behaviour of the two gentlemen as I put it down here to be quite shocking, I am sure, which is certainly not my intent, no never! You know I could never be easy when I well know how your cheeks will go quite pink and you will gasp like anything! And yet, see what I have devised:
“Say they do.  Say they troop the whole camp up to the prince’s palace.  Say they all get slaughtered with nothing to show for it.”
But sometimes he looked right into the camera, and the smile he gave at those moments sent a wave of warmth through Cas.  It was not so much a relaxing sensation – rather more energizing than calming – but any tension he felt melted away under that electric gaze.
Meg opened her mouth and said again, ‘My father, give me the Bull of Heaven to destroy Castiel. Fill Castiel, I say, with arrogance to his destruction; but if you refuse to give me the Bull of Heaven I will break in the doors of hell and smash the bolts; there will be confusion of people, those above with those from the lower depths. I shall bring up the dead to eat food like the living; and the hosts of dead will outnumber the living.' ANU said to great Meg, ‘If I do what you desire there will be seven years of drought throughout URUK when corn will be seedless husks. Have you saved grain enough for the people and grass for the cattle? Meg replied. ‘I have saved grain for the people, grass for the cattle; for seven years o£ seedless husks there is grain and there is grass enough.'
“Are you cold?  I’m going to check the thermostat,” Cas grumbled.
.  He deepened the kiss, running his tongue across a ridge of perfect teeth, feeling the bite of sharp canines, then opening himself up to Dean.  He stifled an exhalation of pleasure as Dean licked into his mouth, his hand curling into a fist, pulling his hair just so. He became aware of music from a speaker overhead, a song he recognized but couldn’t place.
“Are you jealous?”  Awkward though it was, it was as close to a flirtation as Cas had ever attempted (in Sam’s hearing), and Sam couldn’t help returning his smirk.
EANNA: The temple precinct in URUK sacred to ANU and Ishtar.
Who can say what finally prompts them to break off, to part so unwillingly, but at length they do. With soft laughs and shy eyes, they resume their old attitude, Cas clinging to Dean with a quiet easy grace.
“Dean likes it.”
When he heard these words of the counsellors Castiel looked at his friend and laughed, ‘How shall I answer them; shall I say I am afraid of Lucifer, I will sit at home all the rest of my days?' Then Castiel opened his mouth again and said to Dean, ‘My friend, let us go to the Great Palace, to EGALMAH, and stand before Amara the queen. Amara is wise with deep knowledge, she will give us counsel for the road we must go.' They took each other by the hand as they went to EGALMAH, and they went to Amara the great queen. Castiel approached, he entered the palace and spoke to Amara. ‘Amara, will you listen to me; I have a long journey to go, to the Land of Lucifer, I must travel an unknown road and fight a strange battle. From the day I go until I return, till I reach the cedar forest and destroy the evil which Chuck abhors, pray for me to Chuck.'
“Dean, no!”
"Dena and Cas?"
“They nearly broke her.  She won’t even talk about it.  I doubt the Queen knows what really happened in the mines.”
“I don’t know how.”
Sam almost shouted.  “The
“You know, Cas,” Dean murmured, smirking, “There’s something I’ve been wanting to do for a long time.  Six years, in fact.”
“No indeed, it is-” Dean breaks off to look very earnestly at the man across the table. Durst he tell the truth? “I have not told you my whole history,” he sighs. “May I tell you now?”
The grounds of Garrison House are extensive, more so than Manydown and several of her neighbours gathered together. The property attached to the house is similar in scope to the grounds of my brother in Kent, though Garrison House has benefited from a great deal of modernization in the previous generation. The Winchesters, having been quite close with the former occupants, know the duck pond and the trout stream and the labyrinth better than anyone. They know which copse of trees harbours the best quail and which the plumper wild berries. They have spent many a leisurely hour amongst the rose gardens, many a boisterous afternoon riding their horses up and down the otherwise quiet carriage paths.
She waved her hands with a toss of her head.  “No, don’t tell me, Castiel. Artists are hard to love, and it’s even harder to win their love.”
“Why do you cry, Josephine?” He looks to Dean. “Is this not about Ruby?”
“Right.  Yeah.”  He nudged Sam’s leg, not enough to wake him: “We’re just pulling over for a drink.  You can stay asleep.” Sam grunted but didn’t stir; Dean slipped out his side, barely processing that the driver’s side door was open.
He flew to the front door.  Burst through it, reaching for Dean’s door.  It was locked. Cas thought frantically. A credit card.  That might work. He grabbed his wallet from his coat pocket with shaking hands.  Everything fell out of the wallet as he stood on Dean’s doorstep but the damn credit card.  Finally he got it out. He shoved the card into the crack between the door and the jamb.
“‘Ramble On.’  No, ‘Travelling Riverside Blues.’  Uh, either.”
"Dena."  Charlie laid a gentle hand on her raised forearm.  "Go make your bed.  I'll handle this."
Castiel squinted at him.  “Are you dropping out?”
As Anna had feared, the news proves too shocking for Dean, and he is returned to his bed until the morrow. He asks Castiel to stay near him, though his nerves are too rattled to admit of any farther speech on this subject, or any other.
He grinned and pushed his forehead against Cas’.  If anyone but them noticed that his hands went under Cas’ ass to support him in the water, no one said a word about it.
A small smile lit Cas’ face.  “Well, yes.  Is there anything more appealing to the Dean we knew than love?”
Meanwhile, the ice in his curled fist melted, dripped through his fingers, and ran in thin rivulets along the valleys and plateaus of Dean’s chest.  Most of them pooled at his collarbone before cascading down his neck.  Cas slurped up a few of these, licked the gullies clean of sugar, only to leave wet kisses everywhere.  Especially over the intrepid little droplet that found its way, glacially slow and just as cold, to Dean’s left nipple.  Dean squirmed under the attention, so Cas can be forgiven for ignoring the stream that ran down the line of Dean’s ribs, still marked inside with sigils and warnings and a big fat “property of Castiel” notice that got added somewhere along the line, once upon a time.  This little river went unobserved until it soaked through Cas’ trousers and caused him to gasp at the sudden sensation.
While the movie played, Dean sat cross-legged at the coffee table, occasionally scribbling down notes.  Cas sat on the sofa, his knees huddled up to his chest. Tall though he was, in this position he took up only one cushion.  Just leaving room for Dean, should he decide to move off the floor, he thought.
TFW1.0 casually chatting about Heaven and Hell, nbd
drunk?”
I shall write it here, though perhaps it will never see the light of day. Perhaps you never will see it after all.
“I have an idea.”
as my cousin Eliza would say. He is weary at all hours of the day, he does not eat with the same zeal, he walks and talks with a listlessness that alarms his young sister. Nor will he burden her with any history of the Vessel Hill excursion that will illuminate for her his current low spirits.
“A reason
“Jo.” Dean says no more.
As they stand and prepare to depart the maze, Castiel catches Dean about the waist before pressing a tender kiss to Dean’s lips, now rather red than pink. “Thank you. My soul.”
Cas caught hold of his wrist then, and peered at Dean’s forearm.
The party is to spend the whole of the morning gathering fruit and exploring the grounds at their leisure, before making their way up Vessel Hill for a picnic at the usual hour. The guests converge on the glass building, but the young people are in high animal spirits and do not linger long. Within the hour, only the parents and a few negligent chaperones remain in the orangerie, in company with their hostess. Miss Chambers, Miss Talbot, and Miss Robinson are among the first to slip away, holding hands and laughing about some secret that could only be shared along a solitary walk to the west of the main house. I think you and I, my dearest ’Thea, might guess the girls’ secret, how their loving hearts flutter scandalously fast in their chests with forbidden feelings for one another, but their governesses never would. Sam Winchester and Ruby Morningstar make their escape next, and when Miss Novak promises her brother to fulfill the duties owed their guests, Dean Winchester does not even remember to ascertain his brother’s whereabouts before urging Lord Novak to accompany him to the labyrinth.
Dean was still laughing.  “Listen, California Boy, we drank worse than that growing up, huh?  ’Member the time the apple juice turned and you got wasted?”
Castiel listened to the word of his companion, he took the axe in his hand, he drew the sword from his belt, and he struck Lucifer with a thrust of the sword to the neck, and Dean his comrade struck the second blow. At the third blow Lucifer fell. Then there followed confusion for this was the guardian of the forest whom they had felled to the ground. For as far as two leagues the cedars shivered when Dean felled the watcher of the forest, he at whose voice Carthage and Lebanon used to tremble. Now the mountains were moved and all the hills, for the guardian of the forest was killed. They attacked the cedars, the seven splendours of Lucifer were extinguished. So they pressed on into the forest bearing the sword of eight talents. They uncovered the sacred dwellings of the Deadly Sins and while Castiel felled the first of the trees of the forest Dean cleared their roots as far as the banks of Euphrates. They set Lucifer before the gods, before Michael; they kissed the ground and dropped the shroud and set the head before him. When he saw the head of Lucifer, Michael raged at them. ‘Why did you do this thing? From henceforth may the fire be on your faces, may it eat the bread that you eat, may it drink where you drink.' Then Michael took again the blaze and the seven splendours that had been Lucifer's: he gave the first to the river, and he gave to the lion, to the stone of execration, to the mountain and to the dreaded daughter of the Queen of Hell.
.  Huge fucking co-”
“Brilliant and interesting,  and, and fucking beautiful, Cas.”
They breathed each other’s breath, half ready to fall back into one another.  They inclined their foreheads together, and Dean dropped a hand from Cas’ hair to his stubbled jaw.  He pressed his palm into the bristles, and Castiel nuzzled into this touch. His thumb traced circles on the smooth skin of Castiel’s cheek, rubbing away a tear, then another.  Dean brought his other hand to his chest, covering Cas’ fist, joining their hands over his heart, feeling the rise and fall as he caught his breath.
The movers arrived around 8:30, which shouldn’t have been possible, but they had worked super fast to get the hell out of Naomi’s house.  They unloaded at a more leisurely pace. Castiel directed them; Carver sat on the front porch, chain-smoking and staring at his laptop. At some point, the upstairs neighbor came out onto the shared porch and offered Carver a beer, but Castiel was too busy to notice - not until he discovered the empty bottle the next morning, still out front and now crawling with ants.
Cas nodded.  “I wanted to write about a more contemporary film, something from a living director.  Spielberg seemed the obvious choice; it was just a matter of narrowing down my options.
Cas held up a finger to say,
In Greek mythology, the change of seasons means the return of the underworld’s queen
Jo looks like her heart could burst, and her delight is mirrored in Dean’s expression; his can barely be contained within his fragile vessel. “Dean, I wish, I wish that I could one day wish you joy.”
Dean turns his face towards Josephine, laying his forehead upon her shoulder.
“That must take balls,” Dean muttered.
“Hence the Prozac.”
Dean holds up one finger in warning. “That will be addressed soon enough. First, Jo, (placing brotherly hands on her thin shoulders), why do you cry?”
“Why?”
Dean hid his face against Cas' hair. "I'm perfect.”
Sam needed a minute to process this.
I must tell you, ’Thea, that by the end of the night, many of the guests are quite in their cups, and only a very watchful eye like yours or mine would notice this: the two families have quite switched partners. They dance still as two couples, but it looks for all the world as if Lord Novak dances not with Miss Winchester, but with the brother!
Cas off-balance more often than not.
“So you left on your own, or-?”
Please visit ‘My Account’ page for video links and billing information.”
17,022
“He was holding my hand.”
“Yeah well.”  He looked uncomfortable.  Guilty, maybe.  “If he’d tasted it, he would have drunk it all himself.”  A heavy silence fell.  “Anyway.  Cas doesn’t seem to mind day-old sludge.”
Dean had to smile.  He was gonna miss this.  He always did.
Castiel frowned.
“If he thought you were in danger, though?  Would he come topside of his own accord?”
“Wow, that’s so generous of you.”
“No. My mother’s maternal grandmother was a survivor.  I’m not afraid of writing about the Holocaust. I meant that they seemed rather light on symbolism.  In fact, I decided that
Cas remained silent until Dean repeated the question.  “Um.  This disc moves from light to dark.  Mostly black and white.  But with flashes of color.  To be honest, I’m not sure how much of it is sensory and how much is imagination and memory.”
“It is a letter from my daughter.” He cannot hold back anything from the baron, and he tells him all.
“Yeah, I think I can find it.”
“I meant long-term.”
By midnight, the apartment was furnished, the closets were organized, the kitchen was coming together, and Castiel was beat.  Carver had conked out on the couch shortly after the movers left. Castiel frowned at the man snoring on his (now, really
was too heavy on symbolism and would be difficult to write about succinctly.”
Cas, knowing the layout of the apartment complex, detected the movie magic that made it look like they were approaching a separate house altogether.
But how do you find a Knight of Hell if he doesn’t want to be found?
“Both?”
“OJ,” Sam said, making a face over old, cold coffee.  “Anyway, do we really have time for a movie tonight, Dean?  It’s already kinda late, and you wanted to leave by six.”
UBARA-TUTU: A king of SHURRUPAK and father of Utnapishtim The only king of KISH named in the prediluvian Ring-List, apart from Utnapishtim.
“You’re beautiful.”
A smile spread across Cas’ face.  “I’m not judging you, you know.”
“I’m not sure if that’s brilliant or stupid.”  He paused.  “But you know what?  I believe you.”  He thumped the steel toes of his work boots for a moment, before asking, “So what’s your deal?  You suicidally depressed, too?”
“Anyway.  I’m not
Castiel had peeled off his clothes, he listened to his words and wept quick tears, Castiel listened and his tears flowed. He opened his mouth and spoke to Dean: ‘Who is there in strong-walled URUK who has wisdom like this? Strange things have been spoken, why does your heart speak strangely? The dream was marvellous but the terror was great; we must treasure the dream whatever the terror; for the dream has shown that misery comes at last to the healthy man, the end of life is sorrow.' And Castiel lamented, ‘Now I will pray to the great gods, for my friend had an ominous dream.'
He grinned.  He had a plan.
Cas does not speak. He beckons Dean closer, and Dean only observes that the baron is fully dressed as he proceeds to loose his cravat. He pauses just long enough to bare Dean’s muscular body to the night air, as hard and tight and glorious as a Greek god of old. He winds the cloth around Dean’s strong hands, binds them together, immobilises him against the statue, his back to that of the goddess.
“I’m being poetic.”
“Yeah, Cas?”
Cas frowned.  “I’m perfectly capable.”
Dean relaxed.  “Okay. I’m gonna throw some clothes on.  Go get your shoes and coat, and I’ll meet you downstairs in a minute.”
“You okay, buddy?”
you lonely?  Or sad?”
Cas squared his jaw, raised an eyebrow.  Something in Dean’s face softened. His eyes still burned hard and bright, but his grin wavered.  Cas watched as his tongue flicked out over his lips. He imagined those lips tasted pink, like lip balm.  His own lips parted, and his mouth felt dry.
The thread of the conversation was gone.
Cas turned his head to stare at Dean again.  He squinted with his lower lids. “It’s embarrassing and stupid.”
No, it was just a simple difference of taste; he was sure that they could make it a house rule or something, no music in the common areas.  And Cas seemed like a good guy.  He liked things to be neat and orderly, didn’t complain much.  Hell, didn’t talk much.  And really, if Sam could tolerate living with Dean, he could room with anyone.
Sam made a face.  “Knock knock?”
They left Lawrence, stocked to the gills with Funyuns and Mello Yello and rocking out to Sam’s Road Trip playlist.  He had added a bunch of Bon Jovi and Metallica for his brother, but the bulk of it was college-radio shit that had Dean climbing the walls in no time.
“Yup!  Payback’s a bitch.”
Ignoring, or perhaps not seeing her daughter’s distress, Linda continued.  “Crowley has connections there.  Maybe she is an angel.  Was.  Whatever the case, we can make her give us safe passage to the prince.”
The sound of the swirling cider tickled Cas’ brain.
But Meg rose up and mounted the great wall of URUK; she sprang on to the tower and uttered a curse: ‘Woe to Castiel, for he has scorned me in killing the Bull of Heaven.' When Dean heard these words he tore out the Bull's right thigh and tossed it in her face saying, ‘If I could lay my hands on you, it is this I should do to you, and lash the entrails to your side.' Then Meg called together her people, the dancing and singing girls, the prostitutes of the temple, the courtesans. Over the thigh of the Bull of Heaven she set up lamentation.
In truth, Lord Novak could not have chosen a more suitable guide than Mr Winchester. Long considered the finest dancer in the county, Mr Winchester is much sought after by all the young ladies, much to the chagrin of their understandably nervous mothers. For Dean Winchester is also considered the most profligate scoundrel. Though a gentleman and landed, his reputation for drinking, gambling, and for other such activities has barred him from many a respectable home. Already one sister has married well but hastily, to a foolish young man of two or three thousand a year, an attachment formed in Lyme Regis and finished in Gretna-Green and so contrived to allow her escape from her brother’s besmirched shadow. Their brother also betook himself to school in Berkshire, rather than Hampshire’s own
Cas downed the water.  “Okay. I- No.” He wrenched the top off the whiskey and poured himself a full half a glass.
“Raxacoricofallapatorius,” says a voice beside him.
His mood improved as Charlie read about Belladonna and The Old Took, and he applied himself to rolling each tie into a neat swirl, and tucking them into a smallish carry-on bag.  He chuckled at poor Bilbo’s attempts to resist the stranger.
Cas nodded.  “I am.”
THE RETURN
Cas smiled gently.  “Someone who understands.”
“I said we need to be up by six, but as long as we’re on the road before seven, we’re golden.  What do we have to do in the morning?  Just shove your shit in the trunk.  Want an ice cube for that, Cas?”
“It’s fine.  You called it.”
“The goddess works-“
“You don’t look comfortable.”  Dean relaxed his death grip on the steering wheel and leaned back in his seat.  His shoulders wouldn’t unclench, though.  “You’re troubled.”
“Sure I do.  He says he doesn’t really listen to music much.  No, what he actually said was that he doesn’t have a preference.  He listens to what he likes and tunes out the rest.”
“I suppose that makes sense for now,” Sam mused, “but what happens when Castiel gets in the car?  He’s going to want a say, too.”
“And Cas, I-”
“But if he’s paying for it, I need to see his ID,” the cashier explained.
“Is that the letters as colors thing?”
“Shit,” Jess muttered.  “Do we sit out until we dry off some or make a break for it?”
“Good.  I like him, too,” Cas replied, gazing off towards the store as if he could see Dean within.
“To the Elk? I can think of few places less secure.”
She preened.  “Would you like to hear what the bones say?”  He nodded again, and she collected the bones into her hands.  She rattled them, then let them drop to the tabletop. She peered at them, then back at Cas.  “He’s not what he seems, is he?”
Castiel paused the video. His face felt hot; his mouth was dry.  He rushed to the bathroom sink. He gulped a mouthful of water and ran his wet hands over his face and up through his hair.  He was very uncomfortable with the sudden tightness of his pajama pants. It wasn’t that Dean was a man. Far from it: “I am utterly indifferent to sexual orientation,” he told the mirror. He glanced down at his erection. He was not utterly indifferent to sex, though; rather, pretty solidly opposed. He hadn’t masturbated to a video in a very long time, not since he used to practice getting excited for sex with Meg. Since the Declaration and subsequent break-up, he hadn’t felt the need. He got more enjoyment from the Tingles app than he had ever mustered from her Pornhub account, or the lower half of her body, for that matter. He missed the early days of his relationship with Meg, when they were just kids and didn’t think about sex, and their most daring physical intimacy was back massages and foot rubs. “But you can’t go backwards,” he muttered.  “Once you have sex, that’s all there is.”
Dean looked at him for a long moment.  “Okay. Thanks, man. I appreciate it.”
Sighing heavily, Dean explained.  “When I first got to the hospital, they asked me about my last long-term relationship.  I go, ‘Define long-term.’  The lady says, ‘Two months.’” He pulls a face, sad but mostly disappointed.  “I just shook my head, told her I never had.”
rather than languishing in bed, his head is as yet too fragile for much noise and his body too fatigued for exertion.
Castiel furrowed his brows.
BULL of HEAVEN: A personification of drought created by ANU for Ishtar.
“Is that a yes?” Cas asks, raising one eyebrow.
SHURRUPAK: Modern Fara, eighteen miles north-west of URUK; one of the oldest cities of Mesopotamia, and one of the five named by the Sumerians as having existed before the flood. The home of the hero of the flood story.
Tags: gardener!Cas
They accepted the offer on Cas’ very first hunt.  It wasn’t Cas who ended up in the hospital, nor Sam, but the hunter who had spotted the aberration, tracked the patterns, and called for back-up.  Krissy put her in touch with Sam.  Sam and Cas drove out to Omaha to investigate, and they showed up just in time to watch the shifter tree her and then shoot her down in cold blood.  Cas claimed the kill that night, but it was a hollow victory with Ashley in a heap on the ground.
He leaned down to kiss the smirk off Cas' face.  He cupped the back of his head to pull him closer. But he pulled back at once, frowning.  “Cas, you're sweating.”
“Nah, I love it, but it’s not exactly art, is it?”  He looked up at Cas then, and his eyes widened. “Shit, that’s what you’re doing, huh?”
Dean flashed his open palm.  “Five more minutes.”
“I am, I assure you. I must go to him at once.”
“Your coat?”  He pulled the fabric away from his face.
Weep for you.
Dean sat back on his heels.  “I like you a lot. But think about it: how is this gonna work?  You don’t like sex, and my whole job is sex.”
“So.”
In URUK he built walls, a great rampart, and the temple of blessed EANNA for the god of the firmament ANU, and for Meg the goddess of love. Look at it still today: the outer wall where the cornice runs, it shines with the brilliance of copper; and the inner wall, it has no equal. Touch the threshold, it is ancient. Approach EANNA the dwelling of Meg, our lady of love and war, the like of which no latter-day king, no man alive can equal. Climb upon the wall of URUK; walk along it, I say; regard the foundation terrace and examine the masonry: is it not burnt brick and good? The SEVEN SAGES laid the foundations.
Lucifer said, 'Dean, what you have spoken is evil: you, a hireling, dependent for your bread! In envy and for fear of a rival you have spoken evil words.' Dean said, ‘Do not listen, Castiel: this Lucifer must die. Kill Lucifer first and his servants after.' But Castiel said, 'If we touch him the blaze and the glory of light will be put out in confusion, the glory and glamour will vanish, its rays will be quenched.' Dean said to Castiel, ‘Not so, my friend. First entrap the bird, and where shall the chicks run then? Afterwards we can search out the glory and the glamour, when the chicks run distracted through the grass.'
My dearest Alethea, I am afraid I have a most delicious idea for the lovers! Oh my sweet girl, what have I done? Perhaps it is too much, perhaps it ought not to be attempted. But my dear, I have been reading
“Ah.  Gotcha.”
“I have more,” Cas repeated.  “Which is your favorite?”
"Huh. Scheming sonofabitch," Dean chuckled. He tried to affect a careless smile. "Well, whaddya say? Get some shut-eye?"
They'd made a few, vague plans to hang out before the semester ended, just to get a feel for one another, but nothing ever came of it. Sam's exams were monsters, and Castiel had had business of his own to attend to. In fact, Sam hadn't been entirely sure that the other guy hadn't forgotten his promise, until the very last day, when Sam received a voicemail from the man.
Emma is a great secret, held tight in Dean’s miserly grip. Not even his beloved Jo knows about her, the result of a careless affair some fifteen years ago, when Miss Josephine Winchester was but a babe in arms. Dean had not yet come into his inheritance, and
“You do not know the half of it, dear brother,” but he defers farther discussion.
He opened the menu to the center and quickly found what he expected.  “We’re gonna want two cheeseburgers.”
“No, Dean, I’m telling you.  It wasn’t on the internet.” He rested his hand on his arm.  Dean stopped and looked at him. “Dean. Listen to me. I got a spell from a witch.  A scrying spell. She sent me everything I needed to perform a spell in my living room.  I used the spell, and- and I saw you. I don’t know why, I don’t know what it means. But she told me that you were not what you seem.  I tried to tell her that I already knew, that I’d seen your Patronus, I knew what you do for money.”
Dena planted one last kiss on Cas, then resumed her work at the fire.  “Can I interest you in a cup?” She poured two without awaiting an answer.
"I appreciate it, I do, but I really couldn't, Castiel. You hardly know me; I could be a serial killer for all you know."
“Oh.  Okay. Well.  Thanks, Cas.” He patted the closest part of Cas, which happened to be his knee.  It felt very intimate, and not at all. Cas was confused by the gesture. “Listen, I gotta go.  Thanks for feeding me and for the movie. I, uh, I’ll take you up on that offer, ’kay?”
“Just thinking, Cas.”  She turned her head and claimed a kiss.  She hadn’t realized how chilly she was until she felt the warm lips on her cheek.  “Mysterious ways.”
He hadn’t hit Pause on the video.  He came back to Bilbo wondering
“Yes?” He answered, unsure.  When else would one go to college?  “And you’re… not?”
“Shut up, it’s a good song.”
“Castiel!”
“And you’ve been more boyfriend than I ever hoped for.”
Jody applied herself to the map, assessing the best route to get the largest number of sidhe past the flatlands while attracting the least notice, asking questions here and there.  She came from a village in the far north and had little familiarity with this region, but Jody had a clever mind and a good natural sense of direction.  They decided to stay in the valley for another league before climbing the ridge and sidestepping a deeper cleft to the west.  “Alex and I will take half of the girls at dawn on the day after tomorrow, and Claire will lead the stragglers with Donna the next day.”
When the gods created Castiel they gave him a perfect body. Chuck the glorious sun endowed him with beauty, Abaddon the god of the storm endowed him with courage, the great gods made his beauty perfect, surpassing all others, terrifying like a great wild bull. Two thirds they made him god and one third man.
“Dean! Thank God, I’ve been trying to reach you!”  Dean and Cas both glanced at their screens and the wavering bars struggling to maintain a connection.
“You can, and you should. It would make me feel easier after the pain I have given.”
Cas frowns. “Quite improbable, certainly. I cannot guess how much your Emma has told you, but Claire writes that she has heard of our … arrangement. She hopes that it is true, as she must inform me that she has formed a similar attachment at school.”
Mr and Miss Winchester have made themselves quite at home in the magnificent old house in Derbyshire. Lord Novak and his sister delight in their company, in their conversation and their diverse musical talents, in their noise and in their silences. Castiel is more satisfied in his choice of a partner than many a man in love with the fairer sex. Anna, though not partnered for the same sort of romantic love, has in Josephine an amiable and eager companion, a great-hearted girl of more spirit than taste. The additions of Miss Claire and Miss Emma, both fitted with the surnames of their fathers and handsomely elevated to all the privileges a ward of Lord Novak’s could hope to expect, quite complete the family circle.
.  Jess jumped on his back and dragged him away by his shoulders, just as Sam jumped in and attacked Dean.
Even Cas groaned.
“I’ve been on a few different SSRIs.  A few MAOIs.  It’s all pretty much the same.  It works for a while and then things suck again.”
Cas smiled and it was like the sun coming out.
"I do," she repeated.
Kevan stopped and shook herself out of her mother’s grip.  “No, I won’t go.  And you shouldn’t either.  You know what they say about her!”
Sam almost gasped.  “Wait.  Luci?  As in, Lucifer Kripke?  As in, the attorney general is your
He looked around the room at all the boxes that still needed filling, and for just a moment he wished he could
“Efficient,” Cas replied.
Dean didn’t know what to say, just hummed a small laugh.  “Can’t say I’d be much good for that.  I’m a mess.”  He gestured at his red, swollen eyes.  “Obviously.”
SILILI: The mother of the stallion; a divine mare?
“Someone wanna tell me what the hell happened back there?  Dean, the GPS.”
“I don’t actually know that.  I’ve never tried.”
They awoke to bright sun peeking around the curtains, Cas curled tightly around Dean's right arm and Dean's left draped carelessly across Cas’ belly.  "What time is it?" Cas asked.
Gabriel --- EA / ENKI: Sumerian Enki; god of the sweet waters, also of wisdom, a patron of arts and one of the creators of mankind, towards whom he is usually well-disposed. The chief god of ERIDU, where he had a temple, he lived ‘in the deep’; his ancestry is uncertain, but he was probably a child of ANU.
Sam whistled.  “Wow.”
Lord Novak lets fall the brocade from his fingers and vanishes; indeed, by the time Dean can scramble across the mattress and leap through the curtain, he can find no trace of the baron, nor any indication that he had ever been there, save the roaring glow in the hearth.
Sam stifled a grin; clearly they’d conversed more than Dean let on. "Well yeah, same difference; we couldn't leave him stranded in Pontiac and expect him to still want to let me live there. Rent-free, no less.
, 1960, and to Assyrian International News Agency Books Online (www.aina.org) for the full-text version found at https://archive.org/stream/TheEpicofGilgamesh_201606/eog_djvu.txt
"Night, Dean. Night, Cas!" And he tossed a flippant wave as he turned and walked back towards the elevator.
“Apparently, I couldn’t,” Dean laughed.  “We called your name for twenty minutes at the border, and you didn’t crack.  We even sang.  It was really terrible.  No one should be able to sleep through that.  Now swap me places and let’s get a move on.”
Linda tried to peer up into the house.  "Are you the witch's daughter?"
Sam passed him the box of pastries he’d picked up at his first refueling stop.  By the time he’d made it back to the car, the hangover twins had passed out again.  No breakfast for them.  “He’ll want the bear claw, but the others are fair game.”
“Say no more of that.”
“A little after three.”
Castiel blushed.  “I mean.” He sighed.  “ImpalaASMR.”
He screamed for days as the wounds healed over.  As the last of his celestial nature fell away forever.
Sam thought for a moment.  “How do we summon at a crossroad?  We leave offerings, but also a token to show who’s calling.  Maybe we need to be more transparent.  Let him know for sure that it’s us and not Crowley or, or some other freak who happens to have his number.”
“I told you how it would be,” crows Jo.
“Snacks?”  Sam asked.
Ula of Elam and dear Euphrates
Sam shrugged but he nodded his understanding.  “Right.  I get that.”
“Ah.” Dean floundered a moment before gesturing towards the bathroom. "Uh, it's all yours."
“I’m sorry, did you say-”
Trigger warning: noncon/dubcon, but it’s really not.  Dean is in full control of this situation, I promise
“Fine, Dean.”
An evil Fate has robbed me.
“...The movers will be here from noon to two, which means you will need to pack a lunch if you hope to get to Lawrence by dinnertime.”
Cas was left to wonder once again if Dean regretted their acquaintance.  He worried that he was just an annoying neighbor, in class and in real life.
His smile fell away all at once.  “Um.  I dunno.”  He took a pull of his beer.  A longer pull.  He shook his head.  “I don’t know.”
“What what” Dean asks, blinking again.
“I’m on it, Sam.  Whatever happens, I can dispatch you back-up or I can evacuate the others.”
“I was just thinking.  Maybe being here only makes it hurt worse.  Maybe if I gave up campaigning, I could forget.”
THE STORY OF THE FLOOD
“They are not yet bound for Derbyshire, but soon. He left this for you; I assume it to be some dull thing or other pertaining to the business of his quitting Garrison House.” She smiles, and Dean knows that she is privy to its contents, and they are no such thing.
At a ball in January of 1796, a young Jane Austen and her friend observe two handsome gentlemen who behave rather more like lovers than indifferent acquaintances. Their attentions to one another spark Miss Austen's imagination, and she spins their encounter into an epistolary tale of queer love masquerading under the veil of friendship in Georgian England.
By the time the video ended, the car was loaded: two large suitcases, two medium-sized ones (one of which was Carver’s overnight bag), four carry-on shoulder bags (including one that held nothing but electronics and cables), a backpack full of school supplies, a box of toiletries, another of cleaning supplies, and a tote bag with Castiel’s favorite books, plus a pillow and sleeping bag for each of them, just in case the furniture was delayed.  He ended up having no room for the lamp that he had already brought outside; he debated holding it in his lap, but ultimately decided that he didn’t relish having his hands full for seven-plus hours. He left it next to the stack of boxes for the movers. Without it, there was just enough space for driver and passenger, two coffee cups, two cell phones and the cigarette-lighter charger, and a bag of snacks. Assuming they did not need to see out the back window.
Dean can scarcely breathe. “I’ve been a blockhead,” he utters at length. “I didn’t dare to hope that you should, that you could-” He finds Castiel’s steady blue eyes and holds their gaze as he returns the sentiment: “That you would love me as I love you. I need you, Cas.”
“We could watch that tonight,” he offered as he slid into his seat.
He reeled Cas in, closer, closer, and captured his lips with his own.  Cas kissed back, one hand on Dean’s hip and the other seizing his shirt and gripping him tightly.  He sighed when Dean’s other hand came to rest on the back of his neck, pulling him still closer
as soon as Father could be prevailed upon to give his consent. Soon even the reckless and insouciant Josephine will begin to appreciate why the richest and prettiest men give her a wide berth.
"Okay, Dean."
Her daughter rolled her eyes at that.  “Two, the prince doesn’t need rescuing.  She made that abundantly clear.”
Be stretched out in mourning;
!   He started rethinking this whole roommate thing.
homophobia, anxiety, depression, suicide; additional tags: college au, road trip, asexual Castiel, biromantic Dean, shipper Sam, self-diagnosed autism, autistic Castiel, Casa Erotica, multiple pov
SIN / NANNA: Sumerian NANNA, the moon. The chief Sumerian astral deity, the father of Utu-Shamash, the sun, and of Ishtar. His parents were Enlil and NINLIL. His chief temple was in Ur.
He returns Dean’s radiant smile. “I could not have hoped for greater happiness. My Life! my Soul!”
The Queen and her companions set off from camp at a quick march, but sunrise had yet to reveal the southern travelers.
“It’s time to cut it out,” he told Cas, passing him the weapon.
“I dunno, Cas.  You seem like a nice guy.  I don’t want either of you getting hurt, you know?”
What was the quote about best-laid plans?
Friday 4 March 1796
3 MEG AND CASTIEL, AND THE DEATH OF DEAN
“Indeed so.”
They let the sounds of Tibetan throat-singing wash over them for some minutes.  It wasn’t until the first strains of “I Can’t Fight This Feeling” began to play that Dean plucked up the courage to say, “I guess neither of us are the men our fathers wanted us to be.”
“I sent him on a commission to the milliner’s for a length of ribbon. I knew he was in low spirits, and I thought he would do well to escape aunt Harville’s watchful eye. It rained that day, harder even than it is now, but I never thought that he would walk there and back! He was wet through upon his return, and was abed before we were called to dinner. I have been with him almost constantly, and Mr Smith has been to see him every day. I do not think him much worse, but aunt Harville has her own fears. She does not think he improves as quickly as he ought, and I-”
“Cas, get your head out of my lap,” Dean grumbled.
He'd cocked his head at that. "So could I, for that matter. But the fact remains: my brother graduates soon and insists that I stay on in the house. It’s rather large.  There's more than enough space for two, and you'll have your own bedroom, bathroom, everything you could need."
Cas fell silent, so Sam turned the topic.  He felt like he’d been doing that a lot lately.
As Dean shyly pressed a whisper-soft kiss to Cas’ hand, he heard a murmured, “Domo arigato.”  He started, but it was just Cas talking in his sleep.  Still unconscious, he pulled his hand away and curled his body towards the passenger door.
Castiel was still awake when the video ended, so he clicked on the next ImpalaASMR vid. This one was also rated-G, in which he played with the fluffy mic covers. No talking, just running his fingers through the faux fur, occasionally rubbing the head of the microphone. Blowing through the fluff, making it flare and sending a whooshing static into the audio channel.  Castiel’s hair stood on end from the time Dean waved hello until the last wink as the screen faded to black.
Cas shoved the paper into Sam’s hands.  “I’m not a ‘people person,’ so you’ll have to start with this and go from there.”
“I am; come in, Jo.”
“Oh. Cream and two sugars.”
“Yep.  Tell you the truth,” he added, lowering his voice conspiratorially, “I dropped out of high school.  Had to work. But my brother, man,” he beamed. “My brother Sammy is, like, the smartest kid you’ve ever seen.  I thought I was gonna have to work myself to death to pay for his college, but damn if he didn’t get a full ride!  So I figured, I had all this money saved up for him, maybe me and my GED should go to college, too. Better than sitting around watching porn and feeling sorry for myself.”
“He’s got road rash.  He’s probably got rocks in his damn skin.  Oh Jesus, Cas, I’m sorry, man!  This is all my fault.”
The elevator doors opened onto their floor.  Cas took Dean’s hand and dragged him out into the hallway.  It was blessedly deserted.  He crowded him against the wall and folded his arms around Dean’s waist.  He held Dean close for some minutes, stealing his body heat and letting his breath curl warm against his neck.  “You shouldn’t feel you have to apologize for everything,” Cas murmured into the cold skin of Dean’s shoulder.  “I don’t fault you for anything.”
Castiel, the son of Amara, lies in the tomb. At the place of offerings he weighed the bread-offering, at the place of libation he poured out the wine. In those days the lord Castiel departed, the son of Amara, the king, peerless, without an equal among men, who did not neglect Michael his master. O Castiel, lord of KULLAB, great is thy praise.
“That’s just it.  That’s work. I mean, don’t get me wrong, I love my job!  But I don’t wanna bring my work home with me, if you get me.”  He dropped Cas’ hands. “I have my studio just the way I like it, and it’s soundproofed. I’m not moving it downstairs just to save a couple bucks on rent.  I’m really not that hard up for cash, I mean it.”
“I thought- I thought we left because- My behaviour- I acted abominably!”
Sam was the first to notice Cas’ discomfort at the mauling, and he called Jess away.
“I know.”  She hesitated.  “Dena?”
“Thank god.”
“Sorry, didn’t mean to scare you, I just- You know Zep?”  He sounded awed.
Castiel saw a well of cool water and he went down and bathed; but deep in the pool there was lying a serpent, and the serpent sensed the sweetness of the flower. It rose out of the water and snatched it away, and immediately it sloughed its skin and returned to the well. Then Castiel sat down and wept, the tears ran down his face, and he took the hand of Tessa; ‘O Tessa, was it for this that I toiled with my hands, is it for this I have wrung out my heart's blood? For myself I have gained nothing; not I, but the beast of the earth has joy of it now. Already the stream has carried it twenty leagues back to the channels where I found it. I found a sign and now I have lost it. Let us leave the boat on the bank and go.'
“Shut up, I have lots of friends.”
“Lure him?”
“Uh, it’s a mixed tape,” Cas blurted by way of excuse.
"Don't mention it.  We have more pressing concerns without pursuing old grudges. If the witch's daughter knows where we are, we could have spriggans on our trail, or worse."
The professor chose that moment to enter the classroom.  Castiel freed his hand and directed his attention to the front of the room.
Perhaps more should be said on the subject of the future happiness of all these participants. I could write volumes and never begin to capture the satisfaction of Dean and Castiel with any likeness to do it justice, such was the joy they had found, in their children, in their sisters, in their children and sisters’ often superior happinesses, and most of all in themselves. From that first dance, dearest Alethea, must depend the good wishes and the good fortune of two worthy families and the neighbourhoods that gave them life, raised them, and gave them wings.
on the phone, telling me all about the Delorean he was building, pretty much from scratch-”
Dean shakes his head, smiling. He claims Castiel’s other hand and places a soft kiss upon the back of it. “May I shew you the roses?” he asks, his smirk unmistakable.
“Huh?  Oh, we did pass a sign for a Walmart in Grand Junction.  Guess that was the closest, huh?”
“We have a few crossroad demons who said he was in Hell.  That’s not really-”
They had planned for the rest of this video to focus solely on the sounds of the scalp massage.  In fact, they weren’t convinced they wouldn’t cut out the intro entirely so they could tag it as a no-talking video.  There were thousands of no-talking scalp massage videos on Tutube, but the appetite for them was insatiable. New ones never failed to get an ASMRtist a record number of views and likes.
, and then break into my apartment.  Whatever it is, I’ll believe you.”
"I bet the water pressure is awesome," he enthused, his eyes glazed over.
"You're not okay."
” Cas repeated, trying to be helpful.  Sam wanted to crawl into the cushions.
She regrets leaving the Novaks alone with her family, as would any young lady of her age (as would we, dear ’Thea, though we have between us the sweetest of sisters!) but she trusts to Anna’s superior manners and good breeding to lend an air of elegance to the breakfast table. Thoughts of her freind always bring this same adoring smile to her face. She composes herself and pushes open Dean’s door. “Brother, you’re well!”
Dean shifted to give Cas’ wounded arm a bit more space.  “Okay?” he asked under his breath.
“You can watch it here if you need to,” Cas answered, too quickly.  “I’m almost always home by 4. And once I’m home, I don’t leave. It’s kind of an issue.” He trailed off.
Castiel cocked his head.  “But I- I am gay. I think.”  He squinted. “How could you have known-?”
He loosed his hold on him only to turn back to the stove.  He shut off the burner under the smoking pan. “Well, these are burnt,” he said, scraping the brittle, plasticized eggs down the garbage disposal.  “Worth it, though,” he grinned. “I’ll make you more.”
“Cas, you were right, man.  I lobbed that flash grenade at it, and it never had a chance.  It took the whole bottle of seltzer water to take it down, and eight boxes of baking soda to neutralize the mess, but it’s dead.  And salted and burnt for good measure.”  Sam paused like he was looking for something.  “Hey wait a minute, you’re not at the car.  Where the hell are you guys?”
I cannot say. I must tell you. Oh dear, suppose I should tell you, and you are ashamed to see my face again? Or suppose that I should tell you, and I am not there to watch as you worry your lip between your teeth as you read? I fear you will blush to the very tips of your ears, when you see!
“Sonofabitch.  I’m fine, I just tripped something.  Shorted it out.  Fuck.”  He knocked his head backward against the wall.
My dearest Alethea, I did not leave you in suspense on Mr Winchester’s recovery from fever, but I have not yet told the whole tale. You see, in such a case as his, it is not unnatural to suffer from some weakness. Poor Mr Winchester was no exception. Though prior to his illness he was active and strong, a robust young man addicted to many physical pursuits (gentlemanly and otherwise), he had allowed his mind and body so to atrophy in his melancholy state that he was confined to bed for much of the following week. He has, however, fine freinds in the Novaks, who sit with him through many a tedious hour. Our Mr Winchester, you see, never was overly fond of peace and quiet. And though restless and wild to be doing
“Mostly that I’m an asshole.”  Cas frowned at that.  “That not everything is my fault, not my responsibility.  Still working on believing that one,” he winked.  “Also that my particular brand of anxiety and depression doesn’t respond well to pharmaceuticals.”
Not how archaeology works - grave robbing and treasure hunting
He couldn't quite look Dean in the eye, but he said, "I suspect he thinks we, um, want to be alone. Together."
Deadly Sins --- ANUNNAKI: Usually gods of the underworld, judges of the dead and offspring of ANU.
“Forget it.  It was a dumb idea.”
Laments for you now;
Dean made a sweeping gesture with his hands to say, “Be my guest.”  He watched as Cas shuffled into a grey crewneck shirt and a fresh pair of jeans.  Maybe “fresh” was the wrong word.  Soft, yes; faded, definitely: they hadn’t been fresh since the Clinton administration.  Dean tried not to admire the way they hugged Cas’ ass, nor how low they hung on his hips.  Dean closed his eyes and tried to shake off the image of him shimmying into his shirt, only to find himself staring down a much more terrifying idea: what would it be like to wake up to this shambling mound of awesome every morning?
“Right.”
15:00 - home; deep breathing, if needed
Dena was wild in her grief for her sister.  She begged Charlie to send her to the palace.  "If I could speak with her!  She must know what is happening!  She would tell me everything she knows!"  But she refused.  She could not bear to send her friend to her death.  She suspected some deep magic, but without proof, she lacked the courage to collect proof, and so the situation must stagnate.
Castiel double-checked that he was watching an ImpalaASMR AllAges video.  Which was silly, because this was the channel where Dean showed his face. Castiel was in luck- the video was brand-new, posted just fifteen minutes ago while Castiel had pottered about, laying out clothes and supplies for his first day of college.  He had been on his own for almost a full week and he had watched the full catalogue of AllAges videos. Obviously, he got a certain pleasure from the AdultSkate videos, but he had to admit that he preferred the AllAges channel. He could lose himself in Dean’s gorgeous … well, everything.  Eyes, smile, his smirk, and the way his eyes crinkled in the corners. And when he winked - god, Castiel suddenly understood the meaning of the phrase “sex appeal.” Dean had it. He was, undeniably, hot. He was so beautiful, it hurt. More than once, Castiel had felt a pang in his stomach, knowing that the man was completely out of reach.  Even when - perhaps especially when - he watched the AllAges videos, he found himself falling asleep to fantasies of kissing those improbably pink lips.
The bunker lacked warmth. It lacked a certain fire.  It lacked a certain soul.  It used to feel like home, but it hadn’t felt like that in a long time, not since … well.
Which was ridiculous.  On top of paying his rent and all of his school fees, Castiel’s parents gave him an allowance of $200 per week, of which he never spent half.  Meanwhile, Dean had no allowance, barely a part-time job at his buddy’s garage, and he was paying his own rent, plus tuition and school fees for two, and fueling himself and that gas-guzzler from whatever he had in savings.  Castiel had plenty, and he wanted to share, but Dean was proud. He had tried buying him groceries; Dean avoided him for a week. He had tried sending him home with leftovers; Dean skipped class the next day. He’d offered to do his laundry - a perfectly reasonable offer, thought Cas, and only tangentially related to Castiel’s desire to save Dean a few quarters in the process - and Dean had responded by acting scandalized at the idea of Cas seeing his unmentionables.
“Ah.”
He tried to stand still and scan every face until he found Cas, or until Cas found him.  He managed, for a minute, then he gave up and slumped against the wall, all the way to the ground.
“Just the one Sam has.  And this one has, um, snacks.”
“I’m from Lawrence, Kansas.  We’re practically neighbors!”
?  I could watch that.”
"For someone who claims not to sleep much, he sure sleeps like the dead."
“My Life! my Soul!”
Dean smiled.  “What’s up?  Whatcha thinking about?” he asked as gruffly as possible.
“No, of course not.  Rowena,” he repeated.
He waved a hand.  “Psh. I’m just proud of you for leaving the house.  I know that’s not really your thing.”
No, Dean went to great lengths to disguise his interest in the child, though he could not neglect her. The rumours of his gambling debts grew, and he was ever at his father’s door begging another advance of his allowance. Depending on his mood and the quality of the drink in his hand, his father would either berate him for his carelessness or else box his ears. Often much worse. Young as she was, Jo often found her poor brother afterwards, out of doors or hiding in the smoky kitchen, bloodied, filled with righteous anger, hot tears tracing lines over his sullied face. She learned to fetch a wet rag, mop his brow, lead him by the hand to his room. She never said a word. Never did she ask why. Perhaps, precocious child, she thought she knew; perhaps she did know. For all her pretense of empty-headedness, she always was clever, knew more than she ever allowed. Hers was a game of quiet acquiescence, of mild manners and cloying innocence throughout those few years remaining to her father. After all, she had begun to strike back with fists against the cruelty of those neighbourhood girls, and what he didn’t know of her rough attitudes and unladylike ways couldn’t hurt her.
Dean hissed, his hands tight on the wheel, spoiling for a fight.
From the speakers came familiar words:
“Sure you don't want me to take my pants off?”
The phrase fell out of favor when the old Queen accepted the changeling orphans from the witch’s daughter.  Some of the more superstitious folk questioned the wisdom of bringing these strange creatures into their midst.  Queen Celeste argued that the prophecy simply gave them more reason to raise the children away from evil influences, and the matter was quite settled.
“Don’t really?”
“Yes.”
Snakes ---------- parallels?
“That you’ve heard of?”
She nods. ”Yes, while you slept. It is just dawning on Friday.”
Cas ignored him, poring over each track list, deciding.  “Okay, I think this is the one.”  He popped it into the player.
He nodded, miserable.  “I just wanted to help.”  He sniffled, then glanced up at Dean.  His eyes focused and his voice became hard.  “
“You?” Dean is incredulous.
Sam huffed a small chuckle.
Jody and Donna led the way to the eastern safehouse in Nebraska Hollow.  There they intended to collect the other eastbound warriors before marching north under Charlie’s banner.
He nodded.  “Good.  Yeah.”  He dumped some ketchup out onto the plate and shoved a few fries into the puddle.  “Okay, I got one: DC or Marvel?”
He was merry living with the shepherds, till one day lifting his eyes he saw a man approaching. He said to the harlot, ‘Woman, fetch that man here. Why has he come? I wish to know his name.' She went and called the man saying, ‘Sir, where are you going on this weary journey?' The man answered, saying to Dean, ‘Castiel has gone into the marriage-house and shut out the people. He does strange things in URUK, the city of great streets. At the roll of the drum work begins for the men, and work for the women. Castiel the king is about to celebrate marriage with the Queen of Love, and he still demands to be first with the bride, the king to be first and the husband to follow, for that was ordained by the gods from his birth, from the time the umbilical cord was cut. But now the drums roll for the choice of the bride and the city groans.' At these words Dean turned white in the face. ‘I will go to the place where Castiel lords it over the people, I will challenge him boldly, and I will cry aloud in URUK, "I have come to change the old order, for I am the strongest here."’
“But why should she be the one to catch him?” Dean wonders. “Surely there are prettier girls, young ladies who are less cruel, with nobler intentions-”
“Was it shyness?”
Maybe Sam the Fifty-Foot Cupid read more into it than Dean wanted him to, because he almost immediately volunteered to run over to the warehouse to pick up their boxes.  Even though it was eight o’clock on a Sunday evening, and there was no way in hell that it would be open.
Billie --- ERESHKIGAL / IRKALLA: The Queen of the underworld, a counterpart of Persephone; probably once a sky-goddess. In the Sumerian cosmogony she was carried off to the underworld after the separation of heaven and earth. Irkalla: Another name for Ereshkigal; the Queen of the underworld.
“What do you want, Dean?”
He relented.  “Okay, if you’re sure.   But you’re in charge here.”
“I was being sarcastic.”  Sam paused.  “Really, though, Lilith Fair?  You’re, like, a hundred years old.  You do know that, right?”
6 THE RETURN
“Delicious, yes; hot, eh.”
“What?”
“The gardener informs me that the oranges are nearly ripe. Just another day or so and we will see the orangerie at its fullest flush. If we can persuade him to come here, he will not look so favorably upon returning with a caravan. He will take his daughter home with him directly. And it will not look well to bring the- to bring his daughter’s- to bring Sam back to La Cage.”
Their food arrived.  They were quiet for several moments, savoring their meals.
“That is good news, little sister!”
“Yes. I have not forgotten the shameful way they treated you, she and Miss Masters. With Mother dead and our sister eloped, you were left to the mercy of two older brothers. Please beleive that we did our best to raise you as a proper young lady, but without a governess-”
Dean came and stood behind him.
"I wouldn't call it beautiful, but it is very interesting. Busy. You can see the lights of the strip."
“Move in with me,” he blurted.  “I mean… I have a two-bedroom, we could be roommates, that’s all.”  His eyes darted left. He tried to reclaim his stern visage, but he was way outside his comfort zone.  How many times had he considered this suggestion, an obvious solution to Dean’s money woes? A casual, simple, friendly solution- no feelings on Cas’ part, no embarrassment on Dean’s.  And now that it came to it, he felt terrified and threatened and showing all his vulnerabilities, plain as day. “As roommates. Just roommates. And I could fill the fridge. You could-”
“I’m thinking- Well.  It’s not of import.”
puppy dog.”  Cas smiled.  “All bark, no bite.”
“Mom, no.  The witch’s daughter?  We can’t!  She’ll eat us alive.”
Dean grinned, a thousand-watt smile that threw Castiel off-balance.  “What’s your poison?”
“Okay, but these are always the worst videos.  No one wants to be that far away. It takes you right out of the moment.”
“I don’t want to pass out again.  That was unpleasant.  At least we have liquids, though.”
Another noise, this one more familiar, and she was on her feet.  Sam's sword from its scabbard.  Such a small sound, but unmistakable.  She could see nothing but blackness, but her ears told the tale: a scuffle near Sam's quarters!  She didn't remember finding a weapon, she didn't remember crossing the camp; how did the commotion not wake the others?  Her stomach in knots as Sam stood surrounded by unknown figures in strange attire.  Armor, but not like any she'd seen before: matte, unreflective despite the crisp moonlight and still even in the autumn breeze.  Get away from my sister, she must have shouted, leave this place!  Kevan appearing from nowhere, clutching at Sam's clothing, words exchanged; Sam shoving her to the dirt and striding into the darkness.  Ruby at the back of the train glancing back on their bewilderment, her gloating smile lit from below making her look every inch a demon.
“If Dena is satisfied with the situation, then so am I.  Sam doesn’t need us, and I don’t need her either.”
“Good.  He’s got a tough life, and some would say it’s of his own making.  But he’s tougher.  And he can slog through the crap, but he won’t let anyone else slog through it with him.”
***$50/month*** - ***ADULTSKATE early access***
He offered Cas the front seat, provided he agreed to stash the CDs.
When he is gone, Jo with all gentleness asks, “Shall I send for Castiel?”
The paths that you loved in the forest of cedars
Cas groaned.  “It’s the damn midterm presentation in microeconomics.”
“Yeah.  They had more to tell, but Dena made the decision to break up the camp to throw off any unwanted company.”
“Right,” Dean croaked.  He clambered past Cas towards the beverages sitting in the corner.  Sam’s Sprite had tilted against the wall and threatened to spill, but the other two had survived the jolt.  Dean grabbed the nearest one and took a swallow.  He grimaced.  “Ugh, this is yours.”
Dean, seeing the direction and recoiling, briefly, before replying with as calm an air as can be mustered: “How came it to be in your post, I wonder?”
Cas turns to stare at Dean as if appraising him.  “Are you asking to be polite, or are you genuinely curious?  Because I could draw you a graph-”
“Okay, babe.”  Cas couldn’t see Dean’s smile, but he could feel its warmth.
Dean snapped back to reality.  “Oh that’s mine.”
recall, he was found in a compromising position.”
“Never even gotten this far before,” he admitted.  After a pause he added, "I do like you."
“Sam!” exclaims Dean, and he rushes to embrace his brother. Whatever he and Mr Morningstar have plotted, Dean (and Jo) have missed Sam exceedingly and will not keep a cool distance. Both he and his fiancée are led most graciously into the room and invited to sit. “Will you have something to drink? I can ring for-”
I can take you up on.  But c’mon Cas, stop trying to give me money.”
“Then you and Cas can get out and push,” he grinned.  “Sound good, Cas?  You up for a little Vegas vacation?”
Cas shrugged again.  “Don’t mention it.”
There Castiel dug a well before the setting sun. He went up the mountain and poured out fine meal on the ground and said, ‘O mountain, dwelling of the gods, bring me a favourable dream.' Then they took each other by the hand and lay down to sleep; and sleep that flows from the night lapped over them. Castiel dreamed, and at midnight sleep left him, and he told his dream to his friend. ‘Dean, what was it that woke me if you did not? My friend, I have dreamed a dream. Get up, look at the mountain precipice. The sleep that the gods sent me is broken. Ah, my friend, what a dream I have had! Terror and confusion; I seized hold of a wild bull in the wilderness. It bellowed and beat up the dust till the whole sky was dark, my arm was seized and my tongue bitten. I fell back on my knee; then someone refreshed me with water from his water-skin.'
“You still love Sam,” Mom asked gently.
Your Jane
He blew out a breath.  “It’s kind of an acquired taste, don’t you think?”
(thumbs-up emoji)
“Sam, he tried to shake the guy’s hand.  He was halfway through a ‘Good game’ when the guy grabbed his hand and twisted his wrist behind his back.”
Special thanks to
“Not that sorry.”  He was right.
When family tests positive for covid
Dena flashed half a smile.  "Thanks, Cas."
“Yes, I understand how that feels.”
“Not really, Sam, I’m a fucking demon.”
"I can compel you."
Sam stayed close as Castiel carved out his kidney with a butter knife, metaphorically speaking.  His grace was well and truly gone this time.  When it was done, he collapsed.  Sam washed him and dried him and dressed him and put him back to bed.
‘When I had understood I said to my lord,
And the young men your brothers
He blinked.  “Okay.”
Dean cracked two eggs and then two more.  “I dunno, man.  Sammy’s got one more year, and then he’ll be here to help with the bills.  Maybe then we can talk about school for me, but until then,” he looked over his shoulder at his brother, “until then, I just have to make it one more year.”
“Dean.”
“No plans, but-”
“Okay, I can do that.”  He murmured something to Cas.  Cas grunted in return.
Dean moves nearer to comfort his sister. “You know your faults; I shall not compound them with useless scolding.”
“Calm down, Dean.”
“Yeah.  See you around.”  Dean shoved his papers into his backpack and bolted out the door.
“I know I don’t.  I want to. And if you ever want to help out?  Let me know,” he winked.
“When she came forward at last, I had to act quickly. I mistrusted the post and so we have come ourselves to set things aright between us. Ruby has a peace offering to make.”
“Castiel- Enclosed you’ll find everything you need to complete the spell I promised you.  When you’re ready, set the wee sack on a flat surface before you and untie the ribbon with two hands, one on each tongue.  DO NOT TOUCH ANYTHING, just let the objects fall where they will. Then spread the cloth of the outer bag into a neat circle, no wrinkles or ridges.  Next, take the rose quartz (that’s the pink stone, dear), and pop it in your mouth. Hold it there while you complete the spell. DO NOT SWALLOW IT. I shouldn’t have to say that, but you’d be surprised how stupid people can be.  Place the wee crucible upright in the center of the circle and add to it the bones and the sprig of rosemary. Add two drops from the vial. ONLY TWO, no more, no less. Take the match and light it against the side of the crucible; let it burn halfway, then drop it into the crucible as well.  Mind your eyes- it will flare up. And that’s it, sweetie. Your spell will be active for two minutes. Some people do pass out afterward, but I assure you that whatever you saw, it was no dream. Good luck! -R
Castiel nodded, even though he didn’t perfectly understand.
“Yes.  There were some threats made, some assurances on their end that if I just prayed harder, I’d- But the final straw was my father’s assertion that I would break my mother’s heart when (not if, you understand, but when) I died of AIDS.”
The next night, Castiel opened TuTube in search of some calming bedtime ASMR.  Immediately, his feed was full of ImpalaASMR videos. He groaned.
“I don’t care.  Gimme.”  He held out a grabby claw as Dean approached with the box.  For all his impatience, though, he took tiny bites and chewed each one thoroughly.
Would that famine had wasted the world
Sam waved his hand.  “Fine.  Moving on.”
Castiel checked his watch, sighed heavily.  He stood.
“Three beers,” Cas corrected him.
Punish him a little when he breaks loose,
hadn’t been told the reason for this detour, either.
Mourn for you now;
“Yes, I had forgotten that,” Dean replies, chastened. “Perhaps he has, as well. I shall speak to him.”
“You have another class after this?” Dean asked, handing the pen back to Castiel.
“Hang on.”  Cas plucked at his pant leg.  “Are you okay?”
) couch.  He had really wanted to get the house in order before bed, but he could feel his muscles twitching from exhaustion.  He loaded the last of the dishes into the dishwasher. That would have to suffice. He still had to go grocery shopping tomorrow, but that was really all he had to do.  His father would see him off to orientation before returning to Pontiac, and then Castiel would be all alone.
The next day after twenty leagues they broke their fast, and after another thirty they stopped for the night. They dug a well before the sun had set and Castiel ascended the mountain. He poured out fine meal on the ground and said, ‘O mountain, dwelling of the gods, send a dream for Dean, make him a favourable dream.' The mountain fashioned a dream for Dean; it came, an ominous dream; a cold shower passed over him, it caused him to cower like the mountain barley under a storm of rain. But Castiel sat with his chin on his knees till the sleep which flows over all mankind lapped over him. Then, at midnight, sleep left him; he got up and said to his friend, ‘Did you call me, or why did I wake? Did you touch me, or why am I terrified? Did not some god pass by, for my limbs are numb with fear? My friend, I saw a third dream and this dream was altogether frightful. The heavens roared and the earth roared again, daylight failed and darkness fell, lightnings flashed, fire blazed out, the clouds lowered, they rained down death. Then the brightness departed, the fire went out, and all was turned to ashes fallen about us. Let us go down from the mountain and talk this over, and consider what we should do.'
“I must take the blame for that,” Miss Morningstar adds quietly.
“Thank you.  All of that, only to discover that, though I love Sam, he is more like a brother to me than a prospective lover.”
Cas felt terrible.
“No.  I just think it’s a bad idea, is all.  Dena and the Queen know what they’re doing.”
“I shall send a message to Mr Morningstar before the evening meal. For now, though, perhaps I shall see you back to your door in the carriage.”
When it was ready, Dean plopped the bowl on the seat next to Cas and sat close so they could share.  “I never cook much for myself, but Sammy doesn’t know that.  Whenever he’s home, I go nuts.  Blow the whole food budget for the week on fucking Taco Night.  I dunno.”
“Kiss me?”
“I think we’re meant to behave.”
“Mm-hmm.”  He rolled his neck, stretching the sleepy stiffness out of his muscles and yawned before digging into his bag.  He pulled out the CD case.  Remembering Sam’s reaction, he asked, “Do you mind?”
Novak --- LUGULBANDA: Third king of the post-diluvian dynasty of URUK, a god and shepherd, and hero of a cycle of Sumerian poems; protector of Gilgamesh.
As for the old families of the neighbourhood, they do not question the understanding between the Novaks of Elysium and the Hampshire Winchesters, so long as Lord Novak is pleased to give a ball once or twice (or more) in a twelvemonth. The Honourable Miss Novak, though not overly fond of a ball for her own pleasure, does herself credit, and her parties have been said to outshine those of certain court favourites. However, were you to ask Miss Novak what makes her balls so superior, she would reply that the vivacious Miss Winchester adds just the right sparkle to any setting. To see her laugh and twirl upon the dance floor! Her lightness of foot and easy smiles make the whole company easy and gay, and never do the gentlemen talk of a prettier partner than she, though she will allow none of them to win her. She is all contentment, and her delight inhabits every heart.
“Ow.”
“No.  I don’t know what I thought he was, but he’s … different than I expected.”
“Nice to meet you.  I’ve seen you around campus.”
Dean laughs softly. ”You are quite the actress, dear sister. We should complete the family’s fall into ruin and send you to tread the boards.”
“Nothing, I just-  You actually talked to Castiel.  About … stuff?”
Jo gives no answer there, and replies, “They dared not linger after being apprised of the visitors.” She pauses before adding, “We have neither of us been cautious in shewing affection. Perhaps Lord Novak and his sister see the peril in this and have left to rid themselves of our attaintment.”
When she moved off, Dean picked up the glass, sniffed at it.  “Must be a single-malt if she had it on the top shelf.”  He shot the liquid into his mouth and rolled it around for a moment before swallowing.  “Can we talk about something else, Cas?”
“I’m cute, you’re cute.  I like dick, you like-”
“You’ve been turned, too!”  Melissa shrieked.
"It's fine." Dean cleared his throat. "So that you'll do, but not the other stuff."
“Yeah,” Dean whispered.  He sounded shy.  “We can keep our swimsuits on.  If you want.”
“Cas is differen-“
“Two gentlemen came to speak with our brother-in-law. Agents of Lucifer Morningstar. From what Sister could glean, he means to erase your claim to the Winchester fortune, such as it is, and at Sam’s behest!”
2  weirded out that I know his online persona
Dean wriggled a little more determinedly and turned himself around to face Cas.  He almost looked disappointed. “Cas. We’ve
Then he called to the man Castiel, he called to the child of the gods: ‘Why have you come so great a journey; for what have you travelled so far, crossing the dangerous waters; tell me the reason for your coming?’ Castiel answered, ‘For Dean; I loved him dearly, together we endured all kinds of hardships; on his account I have come, for the common lot of man has taken him. I have wept for him day and night, I would not give up his body for burial, I thought my friend would come back because of my weeping. Since he went, my life is nothing; that is why I have travelled here in search of Death my father; for men say he has entered the assembly of the gods, and has found everlasting life: I have a desire to question him, concerning the living and the dead.’ Cain opened his mouth and said, speaking to Castiel, ‘No man born of woman has done what you have asked, no mortal man has gone into the mountain; the length of it is twelve leagues of darkness; in it there is no light, but the heart is oppressed with darkness. From the rising of the sun to the setting of the sun there is no light. Castiel said, ‘Although I should go in sorrow and in pain, with sighing and with weeping, still I must go. Open the gate I of the mountain:’ And Cain said, ‘Go, Castiel, I permit you to pass through the mountain of MASHU and through the high ranges; may your feet carry you safely home. The gate of the mountain is open.’
“Jesus, Cas!”
“What’s that now?”
“Ah but you have your own sister, whom you will see but rarely and at whose balls you would be loath to sit at tea, let alone serve.”
Wednesday 27 January 1796
Sam laughed, too.  “Dude, remember the pool balls?”
Schmaltzy poetic trash :)
(kissy-face emoji)
His concerns didn’t stop him from occupying his seat on the shared porch, though.  He was there, not twenty-four hours later, when Dean strolled up to his door. He waved, and Cas waved awkwardly back.
Castiel grinned at the description.  He could very well imagine a cozy little home like the hobbit’s.  He grabbed the last armload from the sock drawer, stuffing rolls into the corners alongside his undershirts and boxers and belts.  He zipped shut his first suitcase.
Dean caught on right away, and jumped on the excuse a little too eagerly.  “Yeah, right, no, we couldn’t … do … anything.  Sam and all.”  He took a deep breath and scrubbed his hand through his hair.  “But you’re okay with-”
Dean stared.  He was speechless.  Slowly he stood.  Threw a couple of bucks on the table for the bussers.  “I’m out,” he muttered, before turning and walking out of the restaurant.  He thought maybe Cas followed him, but he didn’t turn to look.  He walked away.
“Sonofabitch,” Dean muttered.  “I got loose and I ran to help him, but he’s already on his feet.  I tried to stand between him and them, but he pushes me out of the way.”  Dean paused, and Sam swore he could see his stupid brother smiling at Cas.  “You shoulda seen the murder in his eyes, Sammy.  You’da been so proud.”
“Ah.”
, “that is.  Um. I wanted to know more about this week of torment and doubt.”
“Okay,” Sam nodded.  “Cas, then.”  He looked back and forth between his brother and his new roommate.  When neither broke eye contact, he cleared his throat.  “How about I work on these dishes, then?”  He grabbed the empty plates and strode into the kitchen.
Cas nodded serenely.  “As a pre-law student, he should have known better.  He assured me that all of the participants were of age.  The pledge that caught them, though…”
“Cas?” Dean looks from Castiel’s wide blue eyes to his lips, pale and full (much like yours, my dear), and he wets his own, well-shaped like the cupid’s bow, and quite pink, as you have happily observed. Castiel raises his hand again to Dean’s face, but now he holds his cheek, cupping it as tenderly as a lover. He can have only one meaning; he brings his lips to Dean’s. Castiel kisses Dean, a gentle first kiss, unburdened with declarations of love, true and otherwise. He merely kisses him, and yet the eloquence of it answers every thought yet unsaid.
“It seems that Mr Morningstar wishes to advise your brother regarding their mutual profession.”
“You’re a take-charge kinda guy, aren’t you?”
“The plan is, major in business, get an MBA, land a high-paying job.  Personally,” this time it was Castiel who lowered his voice, “I’d rather teach.  I’m told that accounting professors can ‘write their own ticket,’” he finished with airquotes and a wink.
I will proclaim to the world the deeds of Castiel. This was the man to whom all things were known; this was the king who knew the countries of the world. He was wise, he saw mysteries and knew secret things, he brought us a tale of the days before the flood. He went on a long journey, was weary, worn-out with labour, returning he rested, he engraved on a stone the whole story.
don’t have to do this.”
“The bar?”  Sam asked.
Amara --- NINSUN: The mother of Gilgamesh, a minor goddess whose house was in URUK; she was noted for wisdom, and was the wife of Lugulbanda.
“We’ll get you fixed up soon.  Hang on.”
“Dena has given up.”
Castiel took the pizzas from the woman at the door and gave her a twenty and a ten.  “Thank you.” He slid the boxes onto the coffee table. “Sorry, I thought it would get here sooner.”
me its attraction was like the love of woman. They helped me, I braced my forehead and I raised it with thongs and brought it to you, and you yourself pronounced it my brother.'
“Hey, I get it; don’t let me tell you what to do,” Dean laughed.  “I’m the guy who drives two hours round-trip twice a week to see Dr Palmer at the hospital, because I can’t be fucked to explain my crazy to a new stranger.”
“Ouch,” Sam winced.
My dearest Alethea, I am so very well pleased that my last left you in such a flutter. Indeed, dearest, you hardly wrote an intelligible word on the subject!
Jack: ...
“It’s gonna get worse before it gets better.”  He shrugged out of his suit jacket, just bumping Cas’ chest with his elbow in the process.  “Sorry, Cas.  Scootch it back a bit.”  He tossed the jacket across the carriage and went to work on rolling up his sleeves.
"Want some-?"
When Cas awoke, Sam tried to accommodate him, tried to listen to his CDs, but the mix of music was so … so
be confined to one repetition only!”
"What have you done?" shouted Dena.  "Sneaking away from your camp to make deals with the devil?  If the Queen doesn't send you back home in disgrace, I will personally-"
Adeiu, my Dearest
Lawrence to Stanford, By Way of Pontiac
“Sure,” Dean laughed.  “And before you run away again, uh,” he checked her name tag, “Ellen.”
Dean gave him a jaunty salute. And put his keys into the door immediately to the right of Castiel’s door.
Cas nodded.  “We have both accidentally confessed our love on separate occasions.  And one of us has said it deliberately.   This is significant, Dean.”
“Let’s welcome our new troop members, Kaia and Claire.”
It was the third time since his last expedition to retrieve more books.  Sam tried to remember if Cas had turned the page even once in all that time.
Not really.  Sam wasn’t so shallow as that.
“Okay.  Um, Dean, we were talking and we were concerned that maybe you … maybe you needed some time.  A break from Sam.”
But Dean was looking back into his eyes, with an earnestness of his own, and Cas felt even more confused.  “Ahem. Anyway. Thanks, Cas. See you tomorrow.”
“Yes, Jesus, Cas, yes,” he whined.
“Time out?”  Sam asked at the same time as Jess hollered, “You can’t call time out!”
Dean grinned.  “Good for you, buddy.  Me, I’m thinking Communications, unless they let me into the Engineering program.”
With the first brightening of dawn Dean raised his head and wept before the Sun God, in the brilliance of the sunlight his tears streamed down. ‘Sun God, I beseech you, about that vile Trapper, that Trapper of nothing because of whom I was to catch less than my comrade; let him catch least, make his game scarce, make him feeble, taking the smaller of every share, let his quarry escape from his nets.'
“Dean!”  Cas was scandalized.
Dean stared after him, then slowly faced Cas. "What the hell was that?"
Dean shook his head uncomprehending.  “Why?”
“No, no, that’s not what I-” Cas takes a breath.  “I mean, we’re in most of the same classes, right?”
The guy blushes and it’s definitely not adorable.  “Sorry, didn’t mean to eavesdrop.  It’s a spell to make plants thrive.”
“Oh sorry, I didn’t realize.”  He went to hug Jess next.  He whispered, “This is all your boyfriend’s fault,” before he snatched her up like a sack of potatoes and chucked her into the pool.
Cas doesn’t answer, looks away.  Dean’s sure he’s blown it.
Dean hit Record.
“You too.  I mean. Thanks.”
Some years ago, Ash had pledged herself to the goddess as a hearthwatcher.  Supposedly Ash had endured some terrible tragedy and refused to return to camp.  Charlie had been sorry to lose her quick mind and easy spirit, but there was no reversing the vow.
“I suppose I can’t fault anyone with impulse control issues.  People in glass houses shouldn’t throw stones.  Right?”
“I should invite them,” he asked flatly.
The bus was late.  He spilled coffee on his tie, the blue one, and cleaning it off left a water spot on the silk; he wondered how uncouth it would be to flip it over.  He barely made it to his first class on time. Fortunately, his morning classes were in the same building, and he had time to gather himself in between.  He went to lunch feeling every bit as enthusiastic as he had at breakfast. He even arrived early to his Intro to Film class. The students from the previous class were just filing out.  He had his pick of seats!
Sam cleared his throat.  Just another casual change of subject.  “And we’re staying with him?  I thought I’d heard that he graduated early or something.”
“Dean, you skip class to work.”
Ash waved off any further discussion and went back to her maps.  “All in the past.  I’m happier here anyway.  From all accounts, Dena came back changed.  I probably wouldn’t know her now.  Ah, here it is,” she added, flourishing a map of the valley.
20,701
Rather than the flood.
Castiel hesitated.  Getting coffee wasn’t in the schedule, even if it was part of a one-in-a-million coincidence.
Sam made a noise in his throat.  “You can be such a jerk sometimes.”
"What was I supposed to do, Dean? It's his house!"
“No, I’m not.  I’m a disaster!”
12:00 - lunch
“You have?”
The moment was not theirs for long, as shouts and catcalls rang out around them.  “Holy hell!”  Jody cheered.
“Did you have a good morning?”
He sits beside him all the night, nodding in the simple chair at the bedside. Once, Jo enters to fill the pitcher at the dressing table should Castiel have need of it, and once to fix the fire so that the maid will not disturb their tête-à-tête. The second time, she is not so shocked to discover the baron kneeling beside the bed and sound asleep, his head pillowed on his hand and Dean’s, clasped fast. She approaches only to lay a gentle hand upon her brother’s forehead. It is damp but quite cool.
“‘Confusion and despair.’”
“Cheers,” Castiel echoed.
Cas leaned back against the sofa.  He felt his cheeks heat up, and he dipped his eyes to his notebook.  He still had barely any notes on the film, but he had made a few doodles.  A swatch of plaid. A freckled cheek. A hand. He quickly pulled his knees up again to shelter the paper from view.  He turned the page, wrote RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK at the top of the new sheet, listed out a few notes about Dr Jones’ adventures thus far:
“If history is any indication, he’ll hurt you in order to hurt himself.”
“Hmm.  I think maybe you don’t know everything.  He’s not exactly the marrying kind.”
“Working?”  Sam scoffed, accepting an orange juice from Dean.
Adeiu
, plotting a polite way to give the CD the fuck back without hurting Cas’ feelings, but the next track took him by surprise.
She nods once, curtly. ”Do you know why he has left so suddenly?”
That time, Sam laughed so loud, Dean jumped. "He's fine, Dean." He shook his head, and his shaggy hair bounced. "Seeing as you can't stand him and all," he teased, needling his big bro.
“You’re always cold,” Sam intoned automatically.  It was a thing they did these days, these rote conversations, played out day after day, hunt after hunt.  But the word tugged at Sam suddenly.
So the trapper set out on his journey to URUK and addressed himself to Castiel saying, ‘A man unlike any other is roaming now in the pastures; he is as strong as a star from heaven and I am afraid to approach him. He helps the wild including a good portion of game to escape; he fills in my pits and pulls up my traps.' Castiel said, ‘Trapper, go back, take with you a harlot, a child of pleasure. At the drinking hole she will strip, and when, he sees her beckoning he will embrace her and the game of the wilderness will, surely reject him.'
“What about a love spell?”
At a quarter to four, as Sam was wading through a series of voicemails detailing his brother's latest girl drama, Castiel called back and had to leave a message: "I'm sorry for the delay, Sam; I'm still delighted to have you as a roommate. I hope we can meet this summer; otherwise, I will see you in the fall."
She tried to stare him down.  “Sure about that?”
"You've never had sex with a man."
“I’m done here,” Sam stood and declared Cas healed, or close enough.  “What do you say we all crash for a few?”
“For the beer.  I need to see your ID.”
On-screen, Dean was lazily scratching both ends of the mic and talking in a deep register about ... nothing, really.  Castiel tuned back in to his words; he was musing about his week. Seems he was starting college. Castiel perked up- did he say where? But he had to laugh at himself. There were thousands of universities in the United States; it’s not like this TuTuber was going to show up in Lawrence next week.
“Oh.”  Dean blinks.  “Okay. Run that by me one more time?”
“Not yet.  Otherwise, I’d offer you a ride.  You know.”
Even through the thick accent and thicker sarcasm, Kevan felt that this was a dangerous being.  A reputation for evil, she could well believe.  Was there kindness enough in this woman to get their Sam back?
“I’m sure you must be mistaken. Mrs Mills would never allow her charge to cast aspersions on her hostess!”
Kevan nodded bleakly. “For Sam.”
“I think I do, yeah.  Crazy, right?”
“Anything.”
Dean glared at both of them for a long minute.  “Fine.”  He placed the First Blade on the ground within the circle and held his hands up in surrender.  “Hurry, though, it’s singing to me.”
You are lost in the dark and cannot hear me. '
“Cas.”  Dean took off his seatbelt so he could turn and fully face Cas.  Even propped his leg on the seat oh-so-casually,
Dean laughed.  “Right?  Anyway.  The Mr Fusion composter?  I built one.  It works, too- the car is technically a hybrid, run very partially on organic vegetable matter!”  He held his thumb and index finger close together and cackled, ridiculously pleased with himself.
Cas cleared his throat and stammered, “Yes, I’m Clarence.”
“Did you want me to go over them with you?  I could put on a pot of coffee?”
She laughed.  “Oh Castiel, you are a riot.  No, of course not. I don’t do love spells,” she said, but he thought he caught a bit of obfuscation in her statement.
“Will you walk with me, Dean? There’s something I would ask of you.”
“Need more, baby.  Need you.”  His ice had long since melted; he was now just mindlessly tweaking Cas' nipple with one hand and steadying himself against the floor with the other, trying not to fuck Cas' face.  Too hard.
Castiel quickly buried his head in his bag of snacks, looking for something else to offer.
Sam and Dean get help from Cas on a case.
“Partial scholarship, and go watch your dumb cartoons.  The grown-ups are talking.”
"Huh.”  He nodded.  “Well, that's, uh."
“Hmm?”
“Three and a half beers and a pink thing,” shaking his head slowly.  “I should not be this fucked up.  So I showed him how to play pool.”
“You sure you’re okay with this?”  Dean asked. He looked a lot more nervous than Cas felt.  As if this was his first sex tape, not Cas’.
“You know something I don’t?”  Jody felt a pang of alarm.  Secrecy was a priority even here.  Why should this hearthwatcher demand such precise intel?
Dean leaned forward.  “Dude. That’s okay. I’m actually really happy to hear that.  You’re talking to someone who loves sex, but let’s be real, other people are gross.”
It was small comfort to Dean know that his saintly mother had not lived to see their disgrace, but their father could not see this thin sliver of luck. He could not bear the shame visited upon him by his eldest daughter, who should have been the very model of goodness and virtue! He never spoke another word to Mrs Winters, would not tolerate her presence, sent no congratulations upon the birth of her first child. As for Dean, who saw how the evil of his sister’s shame sat so coldly upon their father’s heart, he was careful to prevent his father ever knowing about Lydia, let alone the bastard, a girl child, beautiful and stout, so like Jo at the same age. And hadn’t Father always remarked on how like their mother was little Jo? (Not fondly, either; no, the comparison arose always from the pain it gave him to think of what he’d lost on her account.)
“It’s Balinese.”
“No card is all good or all bad.  And this one, especially when reversed, is fifty shades of grey.”  She lifted the card to study it more closely. “Hmm, yes, that’s a more apt description than I intended!  Power struggle, probably sexual,” she muttered, “but some detachment. Not the usual implication of addictions and compulsion.  This feels like a dangerous situation, but I believe the powerless party holds all the power in this scenario.” Her eyes shifted back to Castiel, and she shook herself, as if remembering her client.  More brightly, she added, “Let’s see the last one, shall we? The ten of Swords. Also reversed.” She held it towards Cas, right side up. “Like this, it’s very melodramatic. Ruin and disaster! But like this,” she continued, placing it back on the table in reverse, “it’s more of a sense of dodging a bullet.  Things will take a dramatic turn, but everyone will come through smiling. Have you ever had an out-of-body experience, Castiel?”
Waking up in a parking lot made no one terribly happy.  “Rise and shine, guys,” Sam sang, adding an extra lilt of chipper, just to be obnoxious.
“Did you not know that I’m an astrophysicist?  I think I can push a ball into a hole with a stick,” he retorted.  “Anyway, I won fair and square, and I was polite, too,” with emphasis.  “I said ‘Thank you’ when I took the money from the table.”
“Hello, Dena.”
“What were we saying?”
Cas squirmed.  He had no reply.  His head was still swirling from the unexpected kiss.  He clasped Dean’s hands and searched his face.
The plan was shaky at best.  Too many variables.  If she and her mother could get away unseen, if they found the witch’s daughter again, if Crowley agreed to take them to Sam.   If Crowley could take them to Sam.  That was the biggest question of all.  It felt like a scam, too good to be true.
Cas chuckled, and the sound turned to a sob in his throat.  Tears he didn’t know were there suddenly spilled down his cheeks, and he pulled Dean into his lap, claiming a kiss.  “You’re gonna edit all this out, right?” he asked with a smile, almost daring him to erase this moment.
“It’s sweet.  Sweeter than the root beer.”
Dena and Sam had grown up in the old Queen's household, romping with Charlie and the others as kids do, learning warrior ways through pretend-play.  Charlie should have been in charge during those childhood assays on treeforts and four-poster palaces, but she was happy even then to cede control to her dear Dena, especially when it left her more time to stare at her most dear Jo.  The pattern stuck.  Charlie learned the art of war, but Dena embodied it, growing into a martial intuition for campaigning that hadn't been seen (nor needed) in several generations.  And the fae of Moondoor have long lives and longer memories.
Cas shrugged.
“Shut the fuck up, I didn’t.”
Cas couldn’t quite absorb what was happening.  Dean proposing? On video? Was this a bit? It felt real, if entirely surreal.  He looked at Dean, still holding his hand and beaming, his eyes wet. “Are you crying?” he asked Dean.
"No.  That's not right.  Why would she-"
Cas frowned.  “Okay, Dean.” He was rewarded with a quick kiss.  He got himself into position for filming. “I’m ready when you are.”
“You were expecting someone else?  What the hell is this shit, Sammy?  Don’t you know I don’t belong here?”
Dean was singing softly to the music as Cas came back to consciousness.  He hummed sleepily and added his poor voice, “An inspiration is what you are to me.”
Upon the conclusion of Dean’s tale, Cas bows and asks only, “You permitted them, the neighbourhood, your family even, to think the worst of you-”
going west?”
“Of course.”  Cas took the offered brew and sipped it politely.  “I have a report.  It seems the unseelie court are-”
TuTube also helpfully offered him an array of similar videos.  Two more male ASMRtists he’d never seen before, a clip from
“Yesterday!”
by Klimt.  No, they were a photograph: a Mapplethorpe, a Weber.
Dearest Alethea, I do not write this as a Valentine, and perhaps that is for the best, as it will be a Sunday this year. I can well imagine you sitting in the church with this note concealed in your prayer book. Shameful creature! They will say that you are becoming like that wicked Jane, and then they will keep us apart. It will not do!
I killed ’em.  So Cas, he’s toasty, he goes to get me the pink thing because he’s a sonofabitch, and another beer.  And while he’s at the bar, he tells one of the guys that he’ll play.  Us two together against their worst.  And it’s cool, until the guy throws down a coupla twenties.”
“I’m not,” Sam said as gently as possible.  “You should try.”
Though he was strong of arm he will not rise again;
He turned red and dropped his eyes to his hands, folded in his lap.  “I, um. Clarence is a pseudonym, ma’am. My name is Castiel. Cas.”
He lifted his eyes, still dazed.
“How, Cas?” he asked softly.
“Time flies when you’re having fun, huh,” Dean intoned.
“Is that a band?”
Monday 4 April 1796
O Dean, my brother,
“It’s a minor miracle.”
“Pish-tosh.  When the stakes are at their highest, you won’t hesitate.”
By this time, the other students had begun arriving and choosing their own seats, but still no professor.  Castiel glanced around the room and noticed that some people had water bottles and snacks in front of them.  He had no snacks, but he did have some water left. He pulled the bottle out of his backpack- he would not want to rummage through the backpack during class.  He was still bent over, zipping the backpack shut, when a voice whispered behind him, “Hey man, can I steal a pen off ya?”
“I do! I do wish it. I am stunned! I had no thought, scarcely any idea in coming here that we should ever be freinds again. For the story to end so happily, I can hardly beleive it. To have your blessing, let alone your birthright, Dean; for us to know that our children, Ruby, will have another cousin!”
to the realization that neither Dean nor Cas was in the car.  He sat up straight, all blurriness gone.  “Dean!”
“A whore, Cas?” Dean has never thought to hear his husband utter more shocking words, and he does not know whether to faint or run mad.
“Hey, don’t drink all of that,” Dean scolded, his back to Cas as he jimmied the card reader to unlock the penthouse.  “If Sam’s wrong, ow,” he grunted as a small shock arced against his finger, “If he can’t take the sonofabitch down by himself, we’re gonna need the carbonation to defend ourselves against the- SHIT!”
Sam never said a word about it.
“Is what real?”
“You are a child.”
Emboldened, he clicked through to ImpalaASMR’s adult channel. He wasn’t much for pornography (he was embarrassed enough about his penchant for ASMR, seeking feigned intimacy from a stranger online), but he had to know what the XXX AUDIO-ONLY vids were all about.
When the daylight came Dean got up and cried to Castiel, ‘O my brother, such a dream I had last night. ANU, Michael, Gabriel and heavenly Chuck took counsel together, and ANU said to Michael, "Because they have killed the Bull of Heaven, and because they have killed Lucifer who guarded the Cedar Mountain one of the two must die." Then glorious Chuck answered the hero Michael, "It was by your command they killed the Bull of Heaven, and killed Lucifer, and must Dean die although innocent?" Michael flung round in rage at glorious Chuck, "You dare to say this, you who went about with them every day like one of themselves!"'
Would that a wolf had ravaged mankind
Charlie nodded.  "See how they stand with their backs to us?  That's not deference; that's what secrets look like."
Fourteen-year-old Sam struggled again not to laugh.  He looked to see if Cas was joking (of course he wasn’t; did the guy ever joke?), then glanced back and found that Dean had fallen suddenly, completely, irrefutably asleep with an arm over his somehow very pink face.  “Okay, so if I go straight on Walnut?”
"He probably thinks he knows exactly what became of us."
Dean laughs.  “I’m no good with spell mechanics!  I just meant, is there an incantation to go with it?  Is it a special blanket?”
Dean pulled back from Cas too fast and his head swam for a second.  “Whoa.  Uh, Landshark for me; he wants something pink.”
A few minutes later, Dean came out of the bathroom in a long-sleeved shirt and pajama bottoms and stopped short, likely surprised by the sight of Cas in boxers. "Oh."
“We’ll burn that bridge when we get to it,” she smirked.
As he moves to leave, he finds his way blocked by Castiel. Dean looks to where he last saw the baron and marvels at his celerity.
When Meg heard this she fell into a bitter rage, she went up to high heaven. Her tears poured down in front of her father ANU, and ANTUM her mother. She said, ‘My father, Castiel has heaped insults on me, he has told over all my abominable behaviour, my foul and hideous acts.' ANU opened his mouth and said, ‘Are you a father of gods? Did not you quarrel with Castiel the king, so now he has related your abominable behaviour, your foul and hideous acts.'
felt too … light.”
“Okay, Dean.  Let me give it to you.”
“It has been a very long day,” Cas agreed.
The wake-up call came through before the sun was up.  If Cas heard, he played possum flawlessly.  Dean nudged him, trying to reclaim his arm.  “I’m not your damn teddy bear,” he chuckled into Cas’ thick hair.  The only response to that was a grunt and a wriggle, but his movement let Dean slip free.  “Coffee, babe?”  Another grunt, less noncommittal this time.
Adeiu
Castiel turned his eyes towards the voice, confirmed the face matched.  His vision whited out for a second, but not from head trauma.
“Thank you, Jo,” says he, catching her fair hand in his and bestowing a light kiss upon it. ”Run along now, girl. Big brother has tedious matters of business to transact.”
And now they brought to them the weapons, they put in their hands the great swords in their golden scabbards, and the bow and the quiver. Castiel took the axe, he slung the quiver from his shoulder, and the bow of ANSHAN, and buckled the sword to his belt; and so they were armed and ready for the journey. Now all the people came and pressed on them and said, ‘When will you return to the city? The counsellors blessed Castiel and warned him, ‘Do not trust too much in your own strength, be watchful, restrain your blows at first. The one who goes in front protects his companion; the good guide who knows the way guards his friend. Let Dean lead the way, he knows the road to the forest, he has seen Lucifer and is experienced in battles; let him press first into the passes, let him be watchful and look to himself. Let Dean protect his friend, and guard his companion, and bring him safe through the pitfalls of the road. We, the counsellors of URUK entrust our king to you, O Dean; bring him back safely to us.' Again to Castiel, they said, ‘May Chuck give you your heart's desire, may he let you see with your eyes the thing accomplished which your lips have spoken; may he open a path for you where it is blocked, and a road for your feet to tread. May he open the mountains for your crossing, and may the nighttime bring you the blessings of night, and Novak, your guardian god, stand beside you for victory. May you have victory in the battle as though you fought with a child. Wash your feet in the river of Lucifer to which you are journeying; in the evening dig a well, and let there always be pure water in your water-skin. Offer cold water to Chuck and do not forget Novak.'
One Wednesday, after another disappointing film class
Crowley --- SHULLAT : A divine herald of storm and of bad weather.
"I been driving non-stop all day with nothing but a baby in a trenchcoat for company," he replied with more venom than was strictly necessary. Okay, maybe he was a little embarrassed to admit it, but yeah, Sam was right: the guy had grown on him. More than that.  Shit, why couldn’t he just grow a pair, for fuck’s sake?  He softened his tone with a small laugh. "Still can't believe you convinced me to drive halfway across the country the wrong fucking way to pick him up."
“I dunno,” Dean shrugs again.  He drops the instruments in the bucket on their way out.  He smiles, and it’s oddly shy.  “Where you from?”
“Yes.”
“There, I sent them to your email.”
“Not all,” adds Anna. “All of the young people, save only us four.”
Dean fails miserably.
THE COMING OF DEAN
Jo nods again, considering what she will say. “News has reached our sister of Sam’s proposed match. And something of a confirmation of the rumored match between you and-”
“Before you pass out, Dean, which direction do I want to go to get back to 55?”
Castiel slid into his seat as his father placed a plate of scrambled eggs and turkey sausage in front of him.  “I was wondering about that, actually. I think we can fit a lot of my personal items into the Taurus. I could have the car packed shortly after breakfast, and Father and I could get on the road before the movers even arrive.  I mean, if that’s okay with you?” he added, glancing between his parents.
From Saturday to Tuesday, Jo is in constant hope that every turn of the doorknob will usher in her dearest Anna and her noble brother, though she has had no note, not a word of acknowledgement. She is not the most capable of nurses, lacking the patience and discipline for long hours in a sickroom. What she lacks in temperament, she more than supplies in care. She is sensible of her patient’s needs, bringing fresh water and cool sponges for his forehead and covering him in thick blankets when he shivers. She speaks gentle words when he thrashes and holds his hand when he falls again into peaceful slumber. The other women leave her to it, aunt Harville interceding only once or twice with some piece of advice for Dean’s immediate comfort.
Cas shook his head, then held his mouth open like a baby bird waiting to be fed.
Another smile, and this one comes with a chuckle.
“Even were that true, Mother, her own SISTER has given her up!  When is the last time you heard Dena clamoring for a rescue party?”
“How’s the Moons Over My Hammy?”  Cas asked.
Bitterly moaning like a woman mourning I weep for my brother.
“I saw you.  I got a spell from a witch and I saw you being tortured.”
"No one's 'in,'" snarled a rough voice.  The angel clapped their hands on each woman's shoulder and suddenly they were transported to a small orchard of rowan.
Castiel nodded again.  He went for a sip of coffee and discovered it was empty.
By the time they climbed out of the pool, their fingers and toes were painfully wrinkled and Sam and Jess were long gone.
“No!  Hey Cas, sorry, I didn’t mean- Okay, we know that I have no filter.  Sorry, man.”
“Shut up!”  Dean shrieked this time.  “These guys hear me giving Cas a lesson-”
“Yeah.  Add onions.”
“For the record,
will be considered quite at an end unless the head of the family consents to the marriage of his brother and Miss Morningstar.
“Take care of yourself, sir.  I’ve seen that you and your friends play rough.  But the Community Outreach mission is still active. If you, either of you,” she turned to Sam, “ever need us, just pray.  We’ll hear you.”
Now Death, where he lay at ease, looked into the distance and he said in his heart, musing to himself, ‘Why does the boat sail here without tackle and mast; why are the sacred stones destroyed, and why does the master not sail the boat? That man who comes is none of mine; where I look I see a man whose body is covered with skins of beasts. Who is this who walks up the shore behind Tessa, for surely he is no man of mine? So Death looked at him and said, ‘What is your name, you who come here wearing the skins of beasts, with your cheeks starved and your face drawn? Where are you hurrying to now? For what reason have you made this great journey, crossing the seas whose passage is difficult? Tell me the reason for your coming.’
Somehow they paid and got their plates and they were all seated around a table that felt way too cramped for three bigger-than-average dudes, let alone a fourth person.  Dean scooted his chair away from Jess, closer to Cas, but he still felt crowded.  Uncomfortably hot.  He reached for his water glass and inadvertently knocked over Jess’ Coke.  “Sorry!  Sorry,” he mumbled, as everyone reached for napkins.  He ran to refill her glass rather than listen to her easy “No, no, it was an accident, Dean, no problem!”
“Yes, god, it’s a yes!”  He watched as Dean wrestled the band from the box and wiggled it onto Cas’ finger.
“Las Vegas.”  Sam looked dubious.
"I don't have to help," she shrugged.  "As we've already established, I can be of no service, and you," she scoffed, "you have nothing to offer me anyway."
They share few words during the remainder of their walk. Upon reaching Garrison House, Miss Winchester is immediately shewn to the morning sitting room, while Mr Winchester makes his way to the library unescorted. He finds his freind there, as expected, deep in a heavy tome on some such unfathomable topic, and they greet one another with firm, two-handed handshakes. Slow and steady and sure. Their eyes never parting.
Just as Sam moved to intercede and drag Cas away, the inside of the circle exploded in a flurry of limbs.  Heavy bodies collided and collapsed, and at the epicenter, Cas, calmly dispatching one drunk redneck after another.  “He’s a martial artist,” Sam muttered.  He looked again at his brother.
He chuckled, a hideous little sound.  “Well, it’s pretty good, I guess.”
Marion - love interest, tough, not conventional damsel - compare to Indy’s relationships with men
Since that grocery trip in which he learned the identity of his upstairs neighbor, Cas had endeavored to be on the porch as often as possible, but casually.  Unfortunately, Castiel did nothing casually. He’d found a nice set of wrought-iron garden chairs and a little table to fit the space. He started having his morning coffee there.  After school, he stayed outside with his laptop while he studied or wrote. When next Cas saw Dean passing into or out of his apartment, he’d be as friendly as possible. He wanted desperately to flirt with him, but he didn’t know how, exactly, to do that.  He figured that inviting Dean to study with him seemed safest.
Dean tugged at his tie.  “’S warm in here.”
“Right.  No, I know,” Cas stammered.  “I’ll see you around.”
“Okay.  Sure. How is it?”
Cas blinked in astonishment.  “But your videos?”
“To be quite honest, brother, I hardly know what I said. I know that I used many angry words, that I did not speak as I ought to a guest of my dearest freind, to a young woman raised as she was, in such feral and uncivilized conditions. She does not always know her own mind, and I owed her a greater measure of mercy and compassion. And yet, to hear such words spoken ...” Jo allows her head to fall into her hands to hide her tears.
29 February 1796
“But I can help-“
“Alexandra means very well, as do you. She is- she does not understand.”
Monday and Wednesday would be enjoyable. Those were the days he got to take “fun” classes.  Tuesdays and Thursdays were given over to business courses. His mother was right to encourage him to enter a lucrative field.  And yet. Castiel didn’t want to learn business, he didn’t want an MBA. He wanted to learn and teach and write… He consoled himself with a fact he’d picked up during campus visits: accounting professors made serious money, sometimes more than anyone else on campus.  Meaning, he could go into accounting to please his mother, and still deserve her approval when he ultimately “changed gears” and opted to teach instead. In the meantime, he got to take the interesting humanities courses to fulfill his Gen Ed requirements.
Dean ducks his head.  “Yeah.  It’s a date.”
She frowned, but she took Castiel’s money for everything but the beer.  Dean bought his 6-pack, and they returned to the car.
Ellen slid a plate of fries in front of them.  “Be a few minutes on the burgers, boys.”  Looking at Dean, she frowned.  “You okay, kiddo?”
Sam laughs, somewhat nervously. “I am speaking to you now.”
They pulled into Castiel’s apartment complex.  “Lemme help you with your bags,” Dean offered, smirking.  He reached into the trunk and grabbed the two farthest to the left in one hand.
“I think so.”  Cas considered a long moment.  “Do you mean I’ll hurt him or he’ll hurt me?”
Dean, young brother. Hark,
“I’m grateful for all the help you’ve given me, Sam.  I would not be alive now, if you hadn’t insisted on saving me.  Though I’m not sure I deserve your kindness.  I feel like I had one job, one single responsibility, and I have failed: I failed Dean.  And in so doing, I have failed you.”
He unlocked the door and held it open to let Dean pass through first. "It's bigger than I thought it would be," he muttered, not sure what to say in this situation. Alone in a hotel room with another man by the machinations of his future roommate
“Of course, Dean. Yes, of course your daughter will always be welcome.” He turns now, and his smile is genuine and warm, and Dean relaxes at once into his own easy smile. “If she is yours, I wish her also to be mine.”
He tried to calm himself, tried to set his fears aside and go with the flow.
“Dean?” Cas asked.
“Cas?” A muffled voice came from upstairs.  “Is that you? What’s-”
Castiel liked the reading he’d just heard.  He tended to distrust psychics and witches, but he could appreciate a seer that purported to tell the bad with the good.  This month, if the Eastwind Witch was to be believed, would be a rollercoaster ride. She had seen the
Lord Novak stands and joins Dean at the window, silently contemplating that same empty scenery, until Dean begins to fear his husband harbours grave misgivings.
Cas glared at Dean; Sam looked incredulous.  “Speak for yourself, Dean!  He’s fine!”
.  “I’m not trying to make friends.  I’m asking if you,” gesturing awkwardly across the seatback, “want to have a beer with me,” with another awkward flourish towards his own chest.
PROLOGUE
Castiel said, ‘Mother, I dreamed a second dream. In the streets of strong-walled URUK there lay an axe; the shape of it was strange and the people thronged round. I saw it and was glad. I bent down, deeply drawn towards it; I loved it like a woman and wore it at my side.' Amara answered, ‘That axe, which you saw, which drew you so powerfully like love of a woman, that is the comrade whom I give you, and he will come in his strength like one of the host of heaven. He is the brave companion who rescues his friend in necessity.' Castiel said to his mother, 'A friend, a counsellor has come to me from Michael, and now I shall befriend and counsel him.' So Castiel told his dreams; and the harlot retold them to Dean.
The shield before me,
But there was a trapper who met him one day face to face at the drinking-hole, for the wild game had entered his territory. On three days he met him face to face, and the trapper was frozen with fear. He went back to his house with the game that he had caught, and he was dumb, benumbed with terror.
Dean fished out an ice cube and fed it to Cas.  “How's that?”
He tuned back in to the conversation in time to hear Jess comment, “I still can’t believe that glass didn’t break, Sam!  We should try to find this style when we get our apartment next year.”
Dean whistled.  “Damn, dude.”
Castiel --- GILGAMESH: The hero of the Epic; son of the goddess Ninsun and of a priest of KULLAB, fifth king of URUK after the flood, famous as a great builder and as a judge of the dead. A cycle of epic poems has collected round his name.
my father, divine Novak, let me live to be the wonder of my mother, as when she nursed me on her lap.' A second time he said to him, ‘By the life of Amara my mother who gave me birth, and by the life of my father, divine Novak, until we have fought this man, if man he is, this god, if god he is, the way that I took to the ‘Country of the Living’ will not turn back to the city.'
“Cas?  You awake?”
, he thought.
13:00 - FMS 100, SUM 426 (1p-2:15p) - Film
Sam blew out a breath.  “You’d have to ask him.  He’ll never tell me if he’s
Dean quickens his pace and takes all the correct turnings, and in less than two minutes, they find themselves at the center of the labyrinth. The air is less close here, open to the sun, now approaching its zenith. Dean leads Castiel to inspect the roses, then invites him to seat himself at the bench. “May I?” he asks, feeling suddenly awkward.
(the ladies had, of course, devoured both novels, and so his gallantry is quite lost on them), he reads Miss Reeve’s first. Jo can only laugh.
“A party.”
Tags: 2nd-person POV, Team Free Will
“Dean, you don’t have to-“
"I thought the Queen had given up on this mission.  After sending her handmaiden into the mines on that flimsy deal-"
Dena sent the girls away a few at a time.  Jody and Donna packed quickly and moved east first, followed by the Wayward Sisters a few moments later.  The Chamber’s Daughters pursued a more northerly path, while Kevan and her mother headed south.  A few of the doughtiest fighters picked their way through the woods running alongside the western foothills, with stern instruction not to cross the old riverbed that marked the beginning of the ancient border with the Summerlands, while a steady trickle travelled as stealthily as possible through the eastern trees.
“Yes.  Just one.”
“Me neither.  Listen. Cas. You gotta stop trying to give me money.”
He pushes aside the heavy curtain and steps out into a narrow stone staircase, winding away down into darkness. No, not darkness, for just at the edge of sight comes a faint halo. Following downwards, he passes several empty sconces. The very last at the end holds a lit torch, illuminating … nothing! “It is a dead end,” he wonders. But it cannot be. Castiel cannot vanish into thin air, nor walk through a stone wall.
“Great,” he muttered.  “Only took- oh shit, is that the time?”
He is out of bed before he can quite comprehend the whole. ”We must away; Friday we depart for Derbyshire.” He knows he is well as he races indecorously to find Jo and press the letter into her hands.
"Mom, no," she whispered, "it could be a trap."
“Get back in your seat,” Sam said, adding with a laugh, “and stop staring at my brother!”
“Thank you, Josephine.”
Dean rounded on Sam, poking the air with the spatula.  “We’re not having this discussion right now.  I’m fine.  I’m not lonely or sad or whatever the hell your angle is; I’m fine.  Drop it.”  Sam threw his hands up and stomped off to watch TV as angrily as he knew how.  Dean glanced at Castiel, still stationed beside the countertop, and shrugged half-heartedly before turning back to the stove.   “He’s been riding me all summer about going to school for something or other.  I just-  Why now?  I don’t see the point.”
MASHU: The word means 'twins' in the Akkadian language. A mountain with twin peaks into which the sun descends at nightfall and from which it returns at dawn. Sometimes thought of as Lebanon and Anti-Lebanon.
“What do you want me to say?”
Coming back some twenty minutes later, the CD was still going, and his brother and friend were still dead to the world.  He yanked the door open just in time to hear
“I told you, she’s smart.  Anyway.  She and Sam went on a Walmart run and left me there to put together their shit from IKEA, right?”  He could barely get the words out, he was laughing so hard.  “I take her key and I go into her room, and I don’t even know how I did it, I took all the shit off her bed and I taped it to the ceiling.”
,” he whispered the word, “and you were crying.  You kept saying your safeword…”
ANSHAN: A district of Elam in south-west Persia; probably the source of supplies of wood for making bows. Gilgamesh has a bow of ANSHAN.
“What happens when he moves out?”
Dean paused.  “Okay, I’m tough; talk to me.”
he thought less idly.  As the door snicked shut, he wandered over to the bed to sit.  Maybe asking the hard questions and thinking things through weren’t Dean Winchester’s strongest suits, but Cas had him making all kinds of exceptions.
“Ow! Hmmf,” Dean managed, as Cas reeled him in, his hands fisting Dean’s lapels. “Bastard,” he growled against his lips.  Dean grinned again, unrepentant, and let himself be caught up in Castiel’s fury. Cas kissed him with unrestrained passion.  Livestream or no, he surged against Dean, wishing he could get closer. He wanted to crawl into Dean’s skin, absorb him, to merge their bodies into one soul, a fusion reaction to obliterate the merest atomic space between them.
“Jo. I’m rather tired. Would you mind if I slept?”
She swept on.  “The seven of Cups.  You’re living in a fantasy world, my boy.”
Castiel had never actually read
A few coded words of encouragement from the Fearless Leader ensured that they would all meet again in a few days’ time at the appointed place, though Charlie worried.  “Dena, is it wise to split the party?  If what Cas fears is true, would it not be better to keep close and troop north as one?”
“What do you mean, apartment?”  Dean blurted.  He shook his head, wondering.  “Sam’s graduating at the end of this year.”   He saw Sam shoot Jess a look, which only increased his confusion.
It had been Cas’ idea to summon Dean into the devil’s trap in the dungeon, though there was no guarantee that a conventional trap would hold a Knight.  They were willing to take their chances.  He added a few spare sigils, just in case; one he wrote in his own blood.  Hopefully Dean, or the demon he had become, would understand the precautions.
$25/month - shout-out (comments)
“What do you not wish to say?” Dean asks softly.
“Huh.  Well, ‘cacophonous’ is right.”  Dean holds his peace until the end of the song
She smiled.  “Well, that is a relief.  I miss her,” sighed Dena.  “She had no way of knowing I’d come back.  And for all the pain of losing her twice, I can’t complain,” casting her eyes towards Cas, meditating on a stump just outside the farthest ring of firelight.  “I didn’t deserve a second chance, and yet.  Somebody thought I did.”
“Dean!” Sam shouted.
Joshua --- ENDUKUGGA / ENMUL: With Nindukugga, Sumerian gods living in the underworld; parents of Enlil.
*POP*
KULLAB: Part of URUK.
A short silence followed.  “Go ahead and ask.”
“…What about me?”
All the people of ERIDU
Jo does so, somewhat awkwardly. Though she disdains Lord Novak specifically, she is flustered generally by any gentleman greater than a knight. Nevertheless, His Lordship seems more amused than insulted by her barbarism, as he himself is given to awkwardness, and proceeds to ask if she would dance the next two with him. His eyes drift towards her brother as he speaks, as if asking his permission as well.
"DENA!"
"No, leave them.  Dena trusts Cas, more than she trusts me.  Maybe more than I trust you," she teased.  Jo nudged her shoulder.  Charlie stole a kiss and smiled, lost for a moment in her partner's bright eyes.  Her flaxen hair gave her a sort of halo in this light.  The thought of halos brought her back to Castiel.  "Cas has senses we can't even imagine.  They know things.  And they tell Dena everything."  She glanced back to the two in consultation, now standing considerably closer, their discussion more obviously tender than heretofore.  Her face softened; her friend had overcome so much to find her happiness.  To see her so well loved by the angel made her own heart swell with affection.  "We'll have a report from them anon, my love," and turned her attention again to the sweetest lips in Moondoor.
But Castiel shakes his head and cannot answer. “I dare not ask. Not now.” He looks down at the ground; when he raises his head, he shakes it once more and turns to resume their walk.
Sam began the spell.  Cas watched the center of the circle, impatiently awaiting his turn.
Cas said nothing, silently capturing Dean’s hand in his.  Dean didn’t protest.
“I just meant to say that I didn’t understand your reference.  To the light and sweet coffee.” He smiled a soft smile. “I guess I do now, though.”
“Don’t judge.”
“We’ll see you, Dean.”  His friends walk away, and one of them nudges him roughly as they elbow past.  He means to toss them a parting wave but it falls flat.
Dean shrugged.  “I didn’t think- There’s no such thing.”
Cas nodded, and his eyes were fucking sparkling.
Sam shot out the door in a flash and nearly toppled a bystander.  Cas was right in the middle of things, literally surrounded by four big roughneck guys, but Sam hesitated to jump in without knowing for sure who was right and who was stupid (he had two guesses on the latter).   But where was Dean?  There, standing a good twenty yards away.  He looked shell-shocked.
“That’s a fine thought, brother (interjects Anna) but you will have half the neighbourhood clamouring for your head if you deprive them of the sumptuous temptations of La Cage.”
Dean’s head snaps up suddenly at that. “No! You mean to say that my Emma and your Claire-”
Dean froze.  “Uh.  I dunno.  Sorry, man,” he told Castiel, his hands wide, “I’m a nickname guy, I just-”
Cas shook his head.  “No, I know about that.  I saw his Patronus.”
Cas stared.  “It’s a culture.”
“You’re aces,” Dean mumbled into his ear.  Cas could feel his voice vibrating through his chest.  The words rumbled through his head, across his scalp, into his belly, down to his toes.  Dean electrified him to his very core. Cas imagined a future, very real, very close, in which this beautiful soul shone only for him, forever.  “Well, c’mon babe, show them the ring!”
It sounded an awful lot like a declaration of love.
As Dean trotted off and Sam busied himself with patching up Cas, Sam said, “You made quite an impression on him.”
Let the great ones of strong-walled URUK
“Yeah, that was me.  I’m the one who lost her marbles after Dena sold her soul to the knockers.”
“I hate you so much.”
“See you tomorrow.”  Dean was already out the door.
Castiel felt a surge of electricity burn into his belly.  He whined. “Oh my god,” he whispered.
“Maybe you should try.”
“You gave me everything, and I let you think I didn’t need you.”
"Sorry. Just nervous, I guess."
After twenty leagues they broke their fast; after another thirty leagues they stopped for the night. Fifty leagues they walked in one day; in three days they had walked as much as a journey of a month and two weeks. They crossed seven mountains before they came to the gate of the forest. Then Dean called out to Castiel, ‘Do not go down into the forest; when I opened the gate my hand lost its strength.' Castiel answered him, ‘Dear friend, do not speak like a coward. Have we got the better of so many dangers and travelled so far, to turn back at last? You, who are tried in wars and battles, hold close to me now and you will feel no fear of death; keep beside me and your weakness will pass, the trembling will leave your hand. Would my friend rather stay behind? No, we will, go down together into the heart of the forest. Let your courage be roused by the battle to come; forget death and follow me, a man resolute in action, but one who is not foolhardy. When two go together each will protect himself and shield his companion, and if they fall they leave an enduring name.'
Her mother looked triumphant.  “See?  I know you will acquiesce to this side trip now.”
Cas had come to the bunker not long after he found out.  He’d fallen ill shortly thereafter, the stolen grace within him burning like a fever, wracking his vessel with seizures and leaving his mind in a sort of torpor for hours.  In the absence of better nurses, Sam took charge of his care, wrangling him into the bathroom and submerging him in ice water.  But of course it wasn’t that type of fever.  Earthly cures were useless.  Both of them knew what had to be done.  The next time Cas came back to himself, Sam was seated beside him, an angel blade across his lap.
He dropped his eyes to the bar, flustered.  Another slow breath and he made a decision.  Squaring his shoulders, he demanded that Dean look him in the eye.  “That’s what I love about you.”
Dean’s hair is still a little damp, and he smells of woodsy aftershave.  Cas has a thick blanket slung over one arm.  It looks like he actually combed that bird’s nest he calls hair.
Dean looks his astonishment. “You cannot hope to reason with Lucifer Morningstar!”
He wasn't wrong.
“Okay, Dean.”  Then: “But can I still subscribe to your Patronus?  For early access?”
"Castiel, what have you done?" Linda shrieked.
Dena directed the Queen’s entourage to a small campsite hidden in a stand of ancient yews.  She and Cas swept the cave for dangers and inspected the old boundaries.  This camp had not been used except by scouts for more than a century, and Dena had been among the last scouts to come this way back when she was a young soldier.  Satisfied, she set about building a fire and ordering the night’s accommodations.  To save time in the morning, they erected no tent, but Dena fussed over the arrangement of the bedrolls.
“Just the way you talk sometimes.  I can’t decide if you’re a robot or an alien.”
“You’re freezing!  You go first, okay?”
“Then what-”
THE EPIC OF CASTIEL
“Abominably!” Sam exclaims.
“What?”
Dean knows not where to look. “But you left.”
When Dean could concentrate long enough to retaliate, he fetched two more ice cubes. Barely cubes anymore. Misshapen flat stones, tacky and syrupy and dripping wet.  Dean stretched back and stroked the ice across Cas’ hard nipples.  Cas groaned, but didn't let go.  “Yeah?  You like that?”  Cas nodded as best he could with a dick in his mouth; Dean lapped at him with the cold wet tongues of ice.
“I found the letter in my bundle of post, and I opened it before I knew. The accusations that you thought my father had made! I was both livid and mortified, but humiliation ruled the day and I- I burnt the letter before Sam could see.” She hangs her head, and Sam, after a brief glance at her bowed head, follows suit.
“They’re upstairs, waiting to see how you react to finding yourself suddenly on Earth.”
Dena was coming to the safehouse.  Would she avoid Ash?  Would Ash avoid Dena?  Ash shook her head, pushing away too many painful thoughts.  It wasn’t Ash that had lost her mind; Dena threw herself away, chasing down a sister gone dark, and she burnt many a bridge along the way.  Her abandonment had hurt Ash more than anyone, and Charlie had done everything she could to help Ash heal.  But there was nothing left for her in camp after that.
Cas set a calming hand on Dean’s shoulder.  “We’re in this together.”
Cas looks his confusion. ”Dean, I don’t understand-”
Dean nodded, jerking himself back into showman mode.  He swivelled on his heel, facing the camera head-on and grinning like the cat that caught the canary.  He draped an arm across Cas’ shoulders.   Then he directed Cas’ attention to the monitor, where a steady stream of emojis floated across the bottom of the screen.  “See, those hearts are for you. ‘Oh Cas, we love you,’” he joked, pitching his voice up an octave.
“Yeah, I’m fine.  I didn’t close my eye fast enough and a little got in.  Ow.”  He rubbed at it and opened it experimentally.  “Jesus, that’s some good aim.  Is it red?” he asked Cas.
As Dean slept alone in his sickness, in bitterness of spirit he poured out his heart to his friend. 'It was I who cut down the cedar, I who levelled the forest, I who slew Lucifer and now see what has become of me. Listen, my friend, this is the dream I dreamed last night. The heavens roared, and earth rumbled back an answer; between them stood I before an awful being, the sombre-faced man-bird; he had directed on me his purpose. His was a vampire face, his foot was a lion's foot, his hand was an eagle's talon. He fell on me and his claws were in my hair, he held me fast and I smothered; then he transformed me so that my arms became wings covered with feathers. He turned his stare towards me, and he led me away to the palace of Billie, the Queen of Darkness, to the house from which none who enters ever returns, down the road from which there is no coming back.
“I’m glad,” Cas blurted.  “I mean: I love you, too.”
They passed the first hour in stilted conversation, mostly small talk about packing and moving and about which courses Castiel had signed up for.  At some point, Carver began a long monologue about his latest novel, which was due to the publisher on Tuesday, though he still needed to tweak the ending, but that he “probably won’t have time because of you moving.”
“’Kay.  I’m packed except for the things in the bathroom.  Going there now.”
She pulled a bottle of Heinz out of an apron pocket and left it on the table.
“Yeah?”  Dean moved closer to take the cup out of his hands, but Cas wouldn’t relinquish it.  “You like it?”
All the way back to the car to collect their bags, all the way back through the hotel, Sam smiled in silent amusement as Dean and Cas relived their favorite parts.
“No, of course not.  I was just- I don’t get a lot of word about Dena these days, which is of course-”  She took a deep breath and met Jody’s eyes again.  She must have realized the suspicions she raised, because when she spoke again, it was with chin tipped defiantly upward.  “I recognize Dena’s methods, that’s all.  She and I have a history, you know?”
It took Dean a moment to catch his breath, what with the body blow and the heavy ex-angel astride his waist, and when he turned his eyes from the ceiling, he found Cas’ and sighed.
She chuckled.  “Still thinking about your question.  This is it, this is your question,” she said, laying the top card facedown on the table.  She laid out two more cards, arrayed closer to the camera. “These will give us further clarity on your- Oops!”  One card fell out of the deck, face-up. She flipped it over and set it next to her elbow, away from the spread. “We have a jumper!  We'll set it aside for now.” She then placed the final card on the bottom row. “There. And now we can begin.” She placed her hand over the first card, paused a moment, then turned it.
“That’s what it’s called, though.”
Sam caught his look of abject horror in the rearview and cackled.  “Dude no!”
“What?”
you weren’t speaking to your folks?”
“I know,” Dena replied, a similar grin lighting her face.  “C’mere, you!”  She wrapped her arms around the angel’s solid shoulders, pulled them close until their lips touched hers.  “I missed you,” she murmured between kisses.
Castiel looked at Dean sternly.  “Theatrical or director’s cut?”
He must have looked insane, because Dean treated him like he might explode.  He took his hand very carefully and led him to the couch. “Sit. I’m gonna bring you some water.”
Cas could feel his heart swelling.  His face felt like it might split from smiling.
Castiel opened the door and took his load inside.  Dean didn’t move, and Castiel started to wonder if he should invite him in.  Dean passed him the last of his bags through the doorway and said, “It was nice meeting you.  I hope we run into each other again soon.”
He nodded solemnly.  “I understand.”
“Perhaps. Or perhaps Morningstar’s men know ... more than they say. Has Anna any news to add?”
“Hello Dean,” Cas breathes as he approaches. “You are yourself again!”
Cas smiled, bent down, pressed a dry kiss to his lips.  He kissed his chin next.  Kissed a trail along his scruff on his jaw.  Nuzzled against the warmth of his pulse and sucked a small mark there before bringing his lips to Dean’s ear.  He nipped at his earlobe and soothed it with a light kiss.  “I love you, too, Dean,” he whispered.
He observes now that the light through the cracks of the heavy draperies shines now with morning sun, though it is not much stronger than the twilight which barely illumined the sky upon his retiring. He feels dazed by the news, but more alert than he has since before coming to London. He would leap from his bed and rush to search the town for the baron, but for his aunt Harville’s continued presence. Disinterestedly, he asks if Jo remembered him to the Novaks with his good wishes for a safe journey to Derbyshire.
“God no, makes me feel like you’re just another client.  But. You can always have early access. If you swear not to fuck up my channel, I’ll give you the password, and you can see everything.”
would do.  Maybe if Cas fell asleep before him, he’d give that a try.  Sam smiled and shook his head and followed the others inside.
He let them be and turned instead to check the GPS.  Except…
Dean stayed awake just long enough to watch Sam’s reaction to the Quad City DJs.  Satisfied to see his brother scrabbling for the power button, he chuckled and propped himself against the back door, arms folded across his chest and one leg flung across the whole backseat.
Amara went into her room, she put on a dress becoming to her body, she put on jewels to make her breast beautiful, she placed a tiara on her head and her skirts swept the ground. Then she went up to the altar of the Sun, standing upon the roof of the palace; she burnt incense and lifted her arms to Chuck as the smoke ascended: ‘O Chuck, why did you give this restless heart to Castiel, my son; why did you give it? You have moved him and now he sets out on a long journey to the Land of Lucifer, to travel an unknown road and fight a strange battle. Therefore from the day that he goes till the day he returns, until he reaches the cedar forest, until he kills Lucifer and destroys the evil thing which you, Chuck, abhor, do not forget him; but let the dawn, Becky, your dear bride, remind you always, and when day is done give him to the watchman of the night to keep him from harm.' Then Amara the mother of Castiel extinguished the incense, and she called to Dean with this exhortation: ‘Strong Dean, you are not the child of my body, but I will receive you as my adopted son; you are my other child like the foundlings they bring to the temple. Serve Castiel as a foundling serves the temple and the priestess who reared him. In the presence of my women, any votaries and hierophants, I declare it.' Then she placed - the amulet for a pledge round his neck, and she said to him, ‘I entrust my son to you; bring him back to me safely.’
Dearest Alethea, you beg that I reunite our fine heroes. I assure you that I know how it will be, but I fear you will not like where the story goes next.
Cas hummed.  “Do you want there to be?”
"No!" Cas protested, meeting Dean's gaze.
18:00 -    ”
“Please don’t kill yourself with my coat.”
Without a drop of irony or humor, Cas replied, wide-eyed, “We’re throwing him a party.”
“Illinois.  Pontiac.”
“No problem, Dean.  Really, I want to!  We good?”
“What took you guys so long?” Dean asked, hopping out to re-open the trunk.
Cas softens.  “Are you going out to watch the meteor shower tonight?”
Dena clapped her hands together and moved in the direction of the fire.  “Time to see what’s for dinner,” she announced, too loudly.  “Who’s hungry?”
He grimaced, but agreed.  “Yeah, fine.  Whatever.”
“My hands, too.”
Castiel said to him, ‘Why should not my cheeks be starved and my face drawn? Despair is in my heart and my face is the face of one who has made a long journey. It was burned with heat and with cold. Why should I not wander over the pastures? My friend, my younger brother who seized and killed the Bull of Heaven and overthrew Lucifer in the cedar forest, my friend who was very dear to me and endured dangers beside me, Dean, my brother whom I loved, the end of mortality has overtaken him. I wept for him seven days and nights till the worm fastened on him. Because of my brother I am afraid of death; because of my brother I stray through the wilderness. His fate lies heavy upon me. How can I be silent, how can I rest? He is dust and I shall die also and be laid in the earth for ever.’ Again Castiel said, speaking to Death, ‘It is to see Death whom we call the Faraway that I have come this journey. For this I have wandered over the world, I have crossed many difficult ranges, I have crossed the seas, I have wearied myself with travelling; my joints are aching, and I have lost acquaintance with sleep which is sweet. My clothes were worn out before I came to the house of Jo. I have killed the bear and hyena, the lion and panther, the tiger, the stag and the ibex, all sorts of wild game and the small creatures of the pastures. I ate their flesh and I wore their skins; and that was how I came to the gate of the young woman, the maker of wine, who barred her gate of pitch and bitumen against me. But from her I had news of the journey; so then I came to Tessa the ferryman, and with him I crossed over the waters of death. Oh, father Death, you who have entered the assembly of the gods, I wish to question you concerning the living and the dead, how shall I find the life for which I am searching?
Castiel felt slightly less justified in thinking Dean a liar when he saw ImpalaASMR post a new video.  He didn’t feel any less disappointed, though. He clicked play.
Tags: free verse
“It has been twenty-nine, and they don’t do that anymore.”
Jody hesitated before admitting that she had gone south.
Tessa --- URSHANABI: Old Babylonian Sursunabu; the boatman of Utnapishtim who ferries daily across the waters of death which divide the garden of the sun from the paradise where Utnapishtim lives for ever (the Sumerian DILMUN). By accepting Gilgamesh as a passenger he forfeits this right, and accompanies Gilgamesh back to URUK instead.
GLOSSARY OF NAMES
, it’s
It is for this reason that the sight of the proud Novaks of Elysium in Derbyshire going down the dance with the Winchesters of Hampshire becomes the favourite gossip in three counties. Lord Novak and his sister, who receive no one they have not known since their infancy, who visit only as courtesy demands, are known not only to open the drawing room of their temporary quarters at Garrison House to the likes of Mr Winchester and his vivacious sister, but also to grace the small sitting room at Chevrolet in return.
His broad smile is her reward.
“Which one do you want?”
“I promise, I really won’t.”  When Cas still says nothing, Dean dares him.  “Try me.”
In the end, Dean decided that he should take the first shift out, Sam in front and Mr Grumpypants in back.  They all stayed awake for a few hours, though.  The sugar from the doughnuts helped them into friendlier moods, and the three of them, but particularly those in the front seat, passed the time by burbling happily about the detour to Vegas, the show, the casinos, the food.  A few topics were very carefully avoided by unspoken agreement.  Cas wondered acerbically if the Winchester parents had read the same handbook on suppressing communication skills as his own parents.
“It’s not a diet thing,” he rushed to add.
Dean chuckled.
From the couch of many colours he will not come again.
sons would be such a terrible influence on
Cas gave him a pleading look, and Dean sighed again.  “I’m sorry, Sam.  Look, I can’t- I’d rather you didn’t ride with Jess,” his voice flat.  “For the same reason.  This is my last chance to drive you to school, and I’m not- Dammit Sammy, I’m not ready to give up on you yet!”
"I mean.  I want you to stay in California with me.  And Sam.  Sam comes first, obviously.  But also with me.  If, if you’re interested.  You could have the third room.”  He hung his head and mumbled towards Dean’s chest, “Or stay with me.”
“Dena.”  Ash nodded.  She turned her face away, busying herself with some old maps on the table behind her.  “That’s Dena all over.  Which direction did she go?”
Cas looked at him with wide eyes, admired the pinkness of his cheeks and the shy way he gazed at his hands as he spoke. He glanced away again and focused instead on his own hands. "It's better you didn't, you know. It gets gummy very quickly as it cools. It's only enjoyable when it goes right in your mouth."
That was it, wasn’t it?  The difference in the feel of the place.  Not a superficial sensation, though, raising goosebumps on exposed flesh.  This was a visceral chill that settled deep in his guts and froze him from the inside out.  Numbed him to real life.
Cas had only nodded dumbly.  He swiped his hand across the top of the nearest bookcase, leaving a handprint trail in the dust, and headed off towards his room.
Arrayed in new and borrowed fashions, the Winchesters arrive before any other guests and immediately make themselves very much at home. Much to Sam’s surprise, and with no small measure of mortification, it seems that his brother and sister assume an equal share in the hosting of the party as the Novaks. Indeed, there is Josephine taking tasks that should belong to Miss Novak; there is Dean greeting guests at Lord Novak’s side. True, the ball is, nominally, in celebration of the younger Winchester’s visit home, but he feels his brother takes too many liberties, intrudes on the kindness of the lord of Garrison House.
“And cold,” Dean complained.
“Yeah, that’s smart.  Now go on, go back to bed.”
“Everyone.”  Dean lifts his one shoulder and looks away, and Cas definitely does not understand why someone like Dean Winchester should act shy.  “What can I have to say to a guy like that?”
The package from Rowena arrived on Friday.  It was waiting for him on the patio table when he got home, later than usual.  He was already feeling out-of-sorts, thanks to the contentious group meeting, which had of course run long, and now the spellwork he had finally put out of his head was staring him in the face.  A small cube, wrapped in brown paper, tied with twine, and addressed in a spidery script to “Castiel Edlund.” There was no postage.
“It’s
Cas shivered once, and Dean’s caretaker instincts kicked in.  Rubbing his hands up and down Cas’ back, he proposed they move along.  “Let’s get you into a hot shower, ’kay?”
Dean can’t decide if he’s more sad for Cas, because Sam’s straight-as-an-arrow heart is gonna break Cas’.  Or if he’s disappointed that it’s not him.
Cas dug to the bottom of his bag until he unearthed a massive CD caddy.
Death --- UTNAPISHTIM: Old Babylonian Utanapishtim, Sumerian Ziusudra; in the Sumerian poems he is a wise king and priest of SHURRUPAK ; in the Akkadian sources he is a wise citizen of SHURRUPAK. He is the son of UBARA-TUTU, and his name is usually translated, 'He Who Saw Life'. He is the protégé of the god Ea, by whose connivance he survives the Flood, with his family and with 'the seed of all living creatures'; afterwards he is taken by the gods to live for ever at 'the mouth of the rivers' and given the epithet 'Faraway'; or according to the Sumerians he lives in DILMUN where the sun rises.
“When?”
“This.  Us.  Is there any ‘us?’”
He deposited Dean on the right and moved to the side nearest the window. He burrowed right under the covers and made himself comfortable. Dean clicked off the bedside lamp before lying back on his pillow, staring up at the ceiling with his arms crossed.
“You’re onto something with the ‘person in danger’ thing, Cas.  But I don’t think we want to lure him on a lie.”
Cas held out his arms in the dark and invited Dean to scoot closer. He slipped one hand under his neck and pulled him tight. "Your shoulders are very stiff."
“Wait, my Patronus?”  A light bulb went off in his head, and he groaned.  “Shit,
Saturday February 6 1796
Sam had to go in alone to register.  Cas was uncomfortable with doing it himself, citing poor social skills and a general unease in front of strangers.  Dean refused to let Sam surrender the keys to “some kid with a vest and no appreciation for the turning radius of a car built before his parents were born.”  Sam took the responsibility without complaint, except to snipe at his brother for babying his dumb car.  He came back with room keys for a double and a single, as well as directions to several of the nearest self-parking garages.  By the time they’d parked, they opted to pursue dinner instead of carting their gear to their rooms.
“I’m a mess,” he moaned.
He continued towards Sam at the other end of the room, trapped between Jody and Mrs Tran.  Cas wondered why the one was addressed formally while the other was not, until he actually spoke to them.  Jody shook his hand, said she’d heard a lot about him, and complimented his looks.  He didn’t quite know how to react to that; he frowned and tilted his head in response.  Mrs Tran took one look at him and said, “You look smaller without that big coat,” and told him to refresh her drink.
“Okay,” Sam began.  “First thing, I guess: are you you?”
"But first, can you help?"
"Did you know about this?" His tone was aggressive, but not necessarily angry.
At some point in the night, Cas shifted. He nestled his back firmly to Dean's chest and could feel him half-hard against his ass. Cas nuzzled backwards and laughed sleepily when his friend gasped. "Are you alright, Dean?" Cas whispered, his hand finding Dean's hip, soothing him with soft strokes of his thumb.
As he’d hoped, Dean lit up.  He turned as far as he dared towards Cas.  “‘Thank You.’  Cas.”  He tried to remember if he’d seen Dean speechless.
Cas had gotten as far as sitting up on Dean’s side of the bed with his feet on the floor and the heels of his hands digging into his eyes.  His phone lay face down in the middle of the other bed.
The king has laid himself down and will not rise again,
Dean laughed.  “Dude, Cas, you don’t have to buy my groceries.”  He smiled at the cashier, the full force of his charm on display.  “This whole basket is mine; my friend here doesn’t even drink beer.  Can he have the total without it?”
Drabble about fall gardening; inspired by true events :)
rather?  No.  I mean, I wouldn’t mind,” turning a million-megawatt smile on Jess that was equally parts blinding and disgusting.  His attention slowly drifted back to his brother.  “But I’ll get to see her all the time once we get there.  Whereas you-”
“Continue,” he says.
“ID?”
Was he?
Dean squeezed the bridge of his nose.  “They, uh, they march us outside, yeah?  The guy who’s got Cas, he pushes him down, his knees are all scraped to hell.”
“Go snag those two comfy chairs in the corner.  I’ll bring this over.”
Rather than the flood,
Dean stiffens. “I am sure no man with eyes to see could have misread your intentions to her.”
“Um,” Dean breathes.  He shakes his head lightly and grins like a dork.  “This is better.”
Like a mother mourning.
“Yeah, Cas?”
“But I wrote to you myself, Sam!” Jo exclaims. “How did that letter come to be so grossly mislaid?”
It looked to be a bit, a loosely scripted improvisational palace intrigue.  Cas wondered if Gilda was in on the joke.
"And it's Crowley."  She poured herself a brown liquor from a square bottle and sipped at it primly but offered none to her guests.  In answer, Linda helped herself to a glass of the stuff, knocking it back easily.  The witch's daughter smirked and raised her glass an inch in salute.  "So, what can I refuse to do for you ladies?"
Cas tugged Dean’s shirt out of his pants and slithered his hands under the fabric to claw at the hot skin of his back.
Lord Novak should hesitate, but he does not. He slips his hand around his freind’s upper arm with nary a thought, as easily as a lady with her favourite gentleman. If he notices that Mr Winchester stands a bit taller, that he straightens his shoulders somewhat at the attention, Castiel says nothing.
He touched his heart but it did not beat, nor did he lift his eyes again. When Castiel touched his heart it did not beat. So Castiel laid a veil, as one veils the bride, over his friend. He began to rage like a lion, like a lioness robbed of her whelps. This way and that he paced round the bed, he tore out his hair and strewed it around. He dragged off his splendid robes and flung them down as though they were abominations.
“I like fixing cars, Sam,” a bit curt.
Cas stood holding the handle with an uncomfortable air.  “Is this okay?” he asked.
“In first.  I’m driving,” Sam barked.
Castiel brightened.  “Yes, accounting! Or-”  He paused, scowled. “Well, that’s what my parents are paying for.”
Dean blinks. “Her name is Claire.”
Cas stared up at him.  Considering.  Dean started to worry when he saw the head tilt to the left, but in a good way.
He could feel the heat returning to Cas' mouth, could feel the wickedly long tongue hot against his head. He didn't think twice when, panting, Cas pulled off and dove for the ice again.  “More, Cas.”
“But don’t wait up,” Jess giggled.
Rowena gave him a pitying smile.  “Oh. Dear. No,” she said, shaking her head.  “Look again.”
As is the way with these tales, it began with a prophecy: “A daughter of Winchester in the line of Cain will bring to the fae realms darkness and pain.”  Seers have long sight and poor perspective.  The prophecy lapsed into legend within a few generations, and there being no such place as Winchester in the fae realms, the phrase came to be a sort of idiom, akin to the Moondoor proverb, “Imagined fears will only bring tears.”
Jo finds pleasure enough to satisfy, though she longs for her home and her freinds. She had not anticipated that she would so keenly feel the loss of Miss Novak, as she does also her older freinds, especially Bela and Charlie. Her aunt and her sister and brother Winters are but poor comfort to such as these.
“-shotgun shuts his-”
.  He hit Play again.
“-or little suspect that such a person existed. Yes.” He scrapes a hand across his mouth in a gesture of shame and disbelief, though they are his own truths he relates. “I never had a hope of bringing her home. Even when her mother- After poor Lydia’s passing, I saw to it that my Emma, for such I thought of her, was sent to a good school amongst good people and left to the care of a good woman.” He pauses to look again over the letter. “Good, perhaps, but not good-hearted. For it would seem that Emma is no longer welcome. She writes that all her hopes depend on her being given shelter in the home of her particular friend. Castiel, she does not even ask if she may find a home with me! What misery, to despair of the love of one’s own father!”
“Dude, you’re staring.”
“And there’s a classic-car shop two blocks from campus that always claims to be hiring.   Or even a nearby culinary school if you want.  It’s your choice, all of it.”  Dean continued to stare, and Cas sweetened the pot.  “And, and I'll look for a new therapist if you will," he challenged.  Dean shifted his arms around Cas' neck, so he could stroke his hair.  He smiled; Cas frowned.  “Although it could mean knowing indisputably that my brain is wired-”
“I’m sorry, Cas, I shouldn’t have-”
Miss Morningstar turns to Lord Novak’s companion with some alarm, before a shrewd glint in her eye darkens her whole demeanor. “No, Sam (I should say, your brother) is well.”
Sam shifts. “I was otherwise engaged. That is-” He gathers the courage to explain to his brother, the head of his family and the only man with any real authority to tell him what he will or will not do: “Dean, I have asked for Miss Morningstar’s hand, and she and her father have given it.”
Yr Jane
“-and it would give you an excuse to meet new people.  Make some friends-”  There was a hint of desperation in his voice.
Dean's throat was so dry.  The words rattled: “Do it.”
She hedged.  "I might have a way in, if the price is right."
“You have to go?”
“Cas?”
“We don’t get along very well.  I never seem to understand his humor.  But maybe that’s because it’s usually directed at me.”  He mumbled the last bit.  “But I’d be happy to introduce you if we ever get the opportunity.  I’m sure you’d find it very helpful if the state AG was willing to take you under his wing.”
The stag and the ibex, the bull and the doe.
“Me?  Why would he come because I summoned him?”
“Good thing I took the last watch,” she thought.  “No chance I’d sleep now.”  She wallowed in old, cold thoughts until Cas left their stump and wandered over to Dena’s perch by the fire.  They stirred the embers.  Dena roused herself enough to stop them from putting another log on the coals.  “Just a handful of the thicker kindling.  We’re leaving after breakfast.”
On the third morning after the ball, as Miss Morningstar is again announced as a visitor to Chevrolet, Dean begins to wonder if perhaps his brother is not seeing too much of Ruby. After the visit, he invites his brother and sister to walk with him to Garrison House, knowing full well that Sam will have no interest in attending, and knowing also that his sister will not be detained for an instant from such a request. Miss Novak, you must understand, is a shameless collector of gossip, or perhaps she is merely a collector of shameless gossip. On the morrow following any ball, the lady of Garrison House, though not an active participant in the talk, is sure to know all of the most scandalous, the most salacious gossip between Hampshire and London. Jo quickly discovered this talent in Miss Novak and took to calling on her at every opportunity (and there were many, for their brothers were nearly inseparable). Not a fortnight after their first ball, Miss Novak had developed a decided fondness for the wild little Winchester sister and found in her a willing audience. Jo found in Anna a steadfast friend, and a pleasing one at that. They both soon found their own happiness quite intertwined.
He hushed him with a soft look and a rough thumb over his lips.  “I’m just teasing, babe.  It’s fine.”
His vision went white, then deep purple.  He felt an excruciating pain as his neck craned backwards, his face thrust upwards.  He opened his eyes wide, wider- he could see nothing but purple glare. He was spinning, his sight chasing light down a whirling tunnel.
“The summoning.  It was weird, but I got the idea there were a bunch of people around.”
She felt her mother’s arms envelop her.  “My child.  We’ll get her back.  Humor me, please?  Let’s talk to the witch’s daughter, just to see if she can help.  The Queen need never know.”  She stepped back, tipped Kevan’s chin upwards.  “For Sam?”
Go long-haired in mourning.
It was not I that revealed the secret of the gods; the wise man learned it in a dream. Now take your counsel what shall be done with him." ‘Then Michael went up into the boat, he took me by the hand and my wife and made us enter the boat and kneel down on either side, he standing between us. He touched our foreheads to bless us saying, "In time past Death was a mortal man; henceforth he and his wife shall live in the distance at the mouth of the rivers." Thus it was that the gods took me and placed me here to live in the distance, at the mouth of the rivers.'
Cas hums coyly against Dean’s smile as their lips meet again.
When she had spoken Dean was pleased; he longed for a comrade, for one who would understand his heart. ‘Come, woman, and take me to that holy temple, to the house of ANU and of Meg, and to the place where Castiel lords it over the people. I will challenge him boldly, I will cry out aloud in URUK, "I am the strongest here, I have come to change the old order, I am he who was born in the hills, I am he who is strongest of all.”’
“He's a weird dude.”
“Okay. It’s, um, ‘fluffy pillow.’”
Dean gawked at it for a minute, uncomprehendingly.  “Cas is hurt.  We need to pull over.”
Dean smiled back at her before returning his attention to his brother.  “Interrupting moose.”
“Thanks for becoming a Patron!   You are subscribed to:
Castiel spun the personal attention into a fantasy.  He let Dean tenderly, obliviously, pamper him until he came, Dean’s name on his lips.
"Will you sleep with me?"
“Of course not.”
Tags: Canon MCD; ode, iambic tetrameter
“Yes,” Jo exclaims. Turning to Sam, she says, “Dean wishes to relay his idea himself. He and Castiel will follow shortly- they crave only a congratulatory moment.”
Sam and Ruby, as she is soon called by all, even by the painfully formal Lord Novak, are loath to leave Elysium before they can see their new nephew and acquaint themselves with Emma and The Honourable Claire Novak. They write to Mr Morningstar to share the great good news and to excuse their delay in returning to Milton. Of course the news flies around the neighborhood on great black wings, to no one’s surprize, and as it spreads, Elysium receives a flood of prayers for their happiness from all of the Winchesters’ oldest and dearest freinds. Oh, ’Thea, how much joy is heaped upon their little family circle, strange though it be! Every kind letter is returned with an impassioned entreaty to visit, and soon the house, already full to bursting with love and freindship, quite overflows with fond company and good cheer. Mrs Mills and Mrs Tran undertake the conveyance of half a dozen young people from Hampshire, and Miss Charlotte Bradbury arrives with another trio of girls. Even the London family, Aunt Harville and the Winterses and their children, make the journey to Derbyshire, curious if not eager to know more intimately the heir and heiresses of Elysium.
“Heya Cas, whatcha working on?”
Sam relented.  “Okay, uh, check the GPS for the closest Wally World or something.”
, but I do know he’s lonely.  Doesn’t have many friends.  To be honest, the only thing I
"Then I'll take her place.  I've heard the stories already.  The old family left.  The Summerlands are a hell.  The knockers' strike killed it.  There was anarchy and blood in the streets until the decision was made to install a figurehead prince.  Sam is- Sam is too good for this.  Let me take her place!"
"Dean, have you eaten a single meal that wasn’t apple pie à la mode since we got on the road?”  He started to protest and Sam cut him off.  “I mean besides the French silk tonight.  The man is so grateful! Why can't you stow the-"
“I know not, dear heart,” and Castiel disappears behind his newspaper while Dean makes himself master of the letter’s contents. Only when Dean rises and sets his feet to pacing the narrow passage between table and window does Castiel dare look up. “Are you well? Not your sister or brother, I hope?”
Cas looked at him doubtfully.
“I need dinner, too,” he shrugged.
Sam considered Cas’ idea.  It … wasn’t crazy.  “So you’re saying, we invite all these people, and then Dean will just, what, show up?”
Cas let them both in.  “Shoes off. If you don’t mind,” he added, but with an air that belied the pleasantries.  Dean obliged. “And, um, make yourself at home, I guess,” waving towards the sofa. “Which film should I put on?”
Charlie peeked around Dena’s head and frowned.  “Conspirators.”
The server brought a fresh pot of coffee and a pitcher of syrup.  “Do you need ketchup, hon?” she asked Dean.
“Coffee, please.  Black.  It can be cold, I don’t care.”
“Y’know, when I was your age,” Dean says, “we didn’t have Netflix.”
Then Jo said to him, ‘If you are that Castiel who seized and killed the Bull of Heaven, who killed the watchman of the cedar forest, who overthrew Lucifer that lived in the forest, and killed the lions in the passes of the mountain, why are your cheeks so starved and why is your face so drawn? Why is despair in your heart and your face like the face of one who has made a long journey? Yes, why is your face burned from heat and cold, and why do you come here wandering over the pastures in search of the wind?
Dena was never quite sure how the idyll of childhood had unraveled so quickly, so completely.   The young Queen and her friends had begun patrolling in earnest.  Sam was barely of age and deeply in love with Kevan, so no one thought to investigate the character of the girl from the Summerlands.
Castiel washed out his long locks and cleaned his weapons; he flung back his hair from his shoulders; he threw off his stained clothes and changed them for new. He put on his royal robes and made them fast. When Castiel had put on the crown, glorious Meg lifted her eyes, seeing the beauty of Castiel. She said, ‘Come to me Castiel, and be my bridegroom; grant me seed of your body, let me be your bride and you shall be my husband. I will harness for you a chariot of lapis lazuli and of gold, with wheels of gold and horns of copper; and you shall have mighty demons of the storm for draft mules. When you enter our house in the fragrance of cedar-wood, threshold and throne will kiss your feet. Kings, rulers, and princes will bow down before you; they shall bring you tribute from the mountains and the plain. Your ewes shall drop twins and your goats triplets; your pack-ass shall outrun mules; your oxen shall have no rivals, and your chariot horses shall be famous far-off for their swiftness.'
Castiel turned red and stammered.  “I was trying to do a nice thing. I didn’t know he had beer.  Sorry.” He felt deflated.
Cas grinned.  “You do that.”
Our Mr Winchester (for so I will call the taller one with the sandy-coloured hair and the myriad freckles speckling his pretty cheeks) listens to his sister’s jests about Castiel, Lord Novak, the young baron with the peircing blue eyes and the dark tousled mop (no wigs and powder for our fresh-faced boys!), but he declines to join her game. He hides his smiles behind his hand, though whether he pretends not to smile at Miss Winchester or the peer remains to be seen.
“I’m fine,” Cas repeated.  “If anyone shouldn’t climb stairs, it’s Sam.”
"You're a fool, you know."
Dean shrugged one shoulder.
Castiel finished a sip and set his mug back in the saucer.  “No, Illinois.”
Lord Novak and Mr Winchester, their sisters, and their daughters welcome and somehow accommodate all of their guests, and rumor would have it that under their roof, all are safe from the stricter interpretations of love to be found in the wide world. Indeed, the Derbyshire Novaks enjoy a special reputation for generosity and mercy. It is known that Elysium offers succour and sanctuary to those queer few whose affections run counter to the patriotic ideal.
“Surprise, Dean,” Cas whispered beside him.  A few others echoed.
He screamed every night after that, and nothing Sam could do would ever make it better.
Hannah --- PUZUR-AMURRI: The steersman of Utnapishtim during the flood.
He found it a little strange to wrap his legs around Dean’s head.  Stranger still that Dean, who had been so nervous the night before, suddenly didn’t blink to help Cas onto his shoulders.  And if Cas could feel his skull through the swim trunks, what must Dean feel?  When the teammates swapped places, his suspicions were confirmed.  By this point, though, he had discovered that there were far more pressing concerns, like not drowning.  Or getting a faceful of water, which was practically the same thing.  Jess, in particular, looked like she should have been fatally plunged under the surface by Sam’s weight on her shoulders.
Remembering something that Miss Novak had relayed to her prior to the ball, Jo brightens. “Assuming that he does not come to an understanding with her beforehand, we may soon have nothing to fear; Miss Morningstar has been summoned home! Her father has deemed her stay at L’Enfer to be quite long enough, and he wishes her to return to La Cage.”
“I get it.  The two of them, they’re puppy dogs.  One, a very
“Come again?”
Mary --- NISABA: Goddess of grain.
Castiel nodded, wide-eyed.  He didn’t know how to respond to any of this.
"To Sam?"
“Of course.  I write them longhand during class and then I type them out that night.  It’s a useful study technique.”
“Your brother is trying to be kind,” speaking softly and angling him slightly away from Jess and Sam.
Dean grinned.  “Damn right!  And I have less than a week to teach you everything you need to know about holding your ground.  Oh shit, they’re making a move and we don’t have a strategy.”
“Yeah.  My mom, my dad, everyone I ever-  I don’t have any family left, except Sam.  I thought of it as home, because I thought Sam did.  I mean, he always came back to Kansas eventually, right, so I thought-  But it’s not his, it never was.  Not mine either.  I’m suffocating, Cas.”  He peeked at his friend.  More than a friend.  Dean fell silent again, staring straight ahead.  He flipped the radio for a while before leaving it between stations.  “The sound of the universe,” Cas had called the static, “the music of the spheres.”
“Did you bring any towels?” Sam asked Jess quietly.
"Not even a question," he breathed and kissed him deeply. When they surfaced, Dean added, "As long as you're happy."
The angel alighted softly in the deep umbra, avoiding a patch of silver moonlight.  They crept quietly through the camp, absentmindedly assessing the sleeping forms as they passed.  The healer in them couldn’t help unconsciously checking for injuries and symptoms.  They had not been gone so long, though, and was relieved to find everyone well and resting peacefully.  Well, almost everyone.
