“No, I understand. Or, I believe I do. I’ve spent the past few weeks doing little else beyond thinking about you, and then trying to convince myself not to think about you.” Cas looks up at Dean, and grimaces. “Which, of course, led to more thinking about you. But it wasn’t anything solid. My fantasies couldn’t blow up in my face or cause me real pain.”
wanted to go to prom with Chris Masters so badly that I ended up skipping the damn thing altogether because I couldn’t bring myself to ask him. It’s just a hilarious joke I like to play on myself, when I squash down the desire to grab you and kiss you every time you look at me like you’re seeing my entire being and you actually like what’s there.”
“It’s fine, man.” Dean sighs. “There’s just so much shit to sort through, you know? I feel like the first thing has to be figuring out how long Cas is gonna put up with being in a secret relationship.”
Fuck. Cas. Now that Dean’s able to string together thoughts more coherent than “DEAN ANGRY,” he feels like absolute shit about what he said. He’d lashed out and been a complete bastard, not even sparing a second thought for how any of this was affecting Cas.
“No, not really,” Dean looks at Cas. “To be honest, we haven’t talked about anything related to the outside world.”
Cas opens his mouth to inquire further, but at that moment Sam comes back out onto the porch with a bowl full of fruit salad.
[.gif: Dean and Cas sitting next to each other in the dugout, Cas pointing to something on the field while Dean smiles and nods.]
extremely alluring behind the wheel, especially when you wear those Wayfarer sunglasses you have. You look how I imagine Sal Paradise to look, and fourteen-year-old me would slap current me in the face if I denied myself that.”
“I really do need to leave.” Cas puts his hands on Dean’s shoulders and squeezes gently. “I’ll see you tomorrow, and I’ll schedule a meeting with Bobby for after practice, before you all go to dinner.” He presses a soft kiss to Dean’s cheek, says goodnight to Sam, and exits the loft quickly.
The series against the Yankees opens with two games in Anaheim, since the Angels have home-field advantage. They split the first two games, winning Sam’s start in game one, but the team is unable to get any offense going against the Yankees during game two. Dean’s trying to remain positive, but his mind keeps drifting back to the
“Thank you, Sam.” Castiel holds up a brown paper bag. “The salmon. They’ve been in the marinade for about an hour, so they’re ready for the grill.”
Gabriel shrugs. “You were indisposed. Was I supposed to leave your handsome suitor to rot on the doorstep?”
Dean rolls his eyes. “We’ll talk about it later, sweetheart. Jenks, why don’t you continue your perfectly reasonable answer and we’ll call it a day.”
“I think a hammock would be lovely,” Cas replies. He sets his book onto the grass, turns on to his side so he’s facing Dean, and starts to trace patterns on his arm with his fingertips. Goosebumps rise up in their wake and Dean shivers slightly.
“I’m glad you’ll get to spend some time with your family,” Cas cuts in. “I imagine Ellen can’t come to quite as many games as she’d like, still living in Kansas.”
Dean blushes and moves closer to Cas so that he can entwine their fingers. When he looks over at him, he sees Cas gazing at him with a depth of emotion in his blue eyes that Dean isn’t ready to parse.
“Ok, folks. Let’s get back on track. Last question.” Gabriel scans the crowd. “Kevin, let’s have it.”
Cas puts his hand on the back of Dean’s neck and squeezes gently. “I’m sure your calves look strong and muscular in whatever socks you wear.”
be all-in for Sam. His little brother is three outs away from a no-hitter and Sam’s going to be relying on Dean’s analysis behind the plate to guide his pitches. Dean looks over to where Sam’s sequestered himself away from the rest of the team, a serious expression on his face. It’s an unwritten rule in baseball that when a pitcher’s got a game going like Sam does, everyone leaves him alone; no one talks to him, no one even looks at him more than they have to.
He registers that Cas has said something else, but he has no idea what. The disappointment he feels at the phrase “platonic dinner” has drowned out everything else.
As if sensing his patient’s mood, Castiel leans forward and puts up a hand in a placating gesture. “I’m not trying to cause you any anxiety, here, Dean. I just want to be clear about what’s at risk if we don’t take these aches and pains seriously. You’re an amazing ball player—clearly passionate and incredibly talented—and I wouldn’t be doing my duty if I let you walk out of here today without clarifying all of this.”
Dean jabs his spoon at his brother. “Don’t start with that shit on day one, Sammy. You better remember to respect your damn elders, or Bobby and Rufus’ll have you benched, Cy Young finalist or not.”
Cas’ face relaxes into a relieved smile. “Great. I’m going to bring salmon for us to grill—don’t worry, they’re sustainably sourced—as Sam mentioned you enjoy grilling. I’m hoping that we can find some middle ground in regards to your diet. I was quite alarmed when you told me that you believe a serving of Fruit Loops cereal is equal to a serving of fruit.”
Thank God Sam is otherwise occupied, because Dean can go flop face down onto his bed without fielding any questions or comments from his brother regarding his mood. He’s never been any good at hiding his emotions from Sam, who is an expert at reading him after a lifetime together.
This nascent season is already different than any that he’s experienced in his career, and most of that is due to the quality of the company he’s keeping. In the past, as much as he’s tried to convince himself that he doesn’t need anything or anyone to slide into the empty spaces that his job doesn’t fill up, he’s been less and less successful at shutting down the desire for something or someone to come along and make him feel less alone.
time you needed me. I showed you how to throw a punch so you could stand up to Timmy Callahan in fifth grade. I taught myself how to fucking sew so that we could save money on clothes when you wouldn’t stop growing. I gave up summer leagues to train with you because I knew you needed that stability and Dad sure as hell wasn’t giving us anything to depend on. I’ve
Sam had bought a house just a few blocks away from Dean, and he was constantly going back and forth. He’d even taken to “helping himself” (aka
“Cas?” He calls out when he gets to the kitchen. There’s no answer, so he runs out into the living room and tries calling his name again.
Cas golds his gaze for a moment, somehow managing to imbue his expression with love and solidarity, and then checks the bandage on Dean’s wrist once more. He squeezes it briefly before heading back to the dugout.
, chose a handful of queer athletes to model their new PRIDE-themed line. After having Dean and Megan Rapinoe pose in various outfits, the director of the shoot had them spend some time trying to play each others’ sport which, while sorta corny, turned out to be fun as hell. He’d spent the better part of the morning getting schooled in soccer by a World Cup winner, and had also gotten the opportunity to talk to her a bit about what it's like to be famous while out of the closet.
Dean frowns and sits up. “Is everyone OK?” he asks, his stomach dropping. “Oh, God, did someone die?”
Dean scoffs at this. “I feel like that’s a friggin’ pipe dream, but I’ve been surprised multiple times today, so what do I know?” He glances at the clock and groans. “Man, I really gotta call Bobby. He’s gonna want to talk about tomorrow.”
He pushes himself harder and faster, and before he knows it his running app chimes and tells him he’s run seven miles. His hips start to throb unpleasantly, probably because he hadn’t given himself any time to warm up before sprinting away from the loft. He slows to a walk, breathing heavily.
“Oh, shut up, jerk,” Sam steps back and runs a hand through his hair. “Thank you for doing this for me. It really means a lot.”
Dean realizes, a full minute later, that he’s still standing in the middle of the room, his mouth hanging open.
@AdamRippon (6/11/20 10:12 am): welcome to the clurrrrrb! @TheRealDWinny LMK if you know any more cute doctors to set me up with! So excited to have another profesh athlete out and proud.
“I’m good, man. I really think we have something special going this year, you know? With Sammy and Bobby here, I feel like everything’s falling into place. We’re gonna run away with the division, no problem. Mark my words.”
been introduced to the wonders of butt-related sex stuff, you know? And I want to try everything with you. Our sex life has been friggin’ mind-blowing, dude. Seriously. Best sex I’ve ever had.”
“Are you sure? ‘Cause you two were flirting so much last night, I had to go puke a few times.” Sam pauses, considering. “Not ‘cause of the
The realization that he maybe, possibly, could have been wrong to assume that the friggin’ apocalypse would happen if he came out leaves a surprisingly bitter taste in his mouth. Because if he’s wrong about these corporate-types, who else is he wrong about? And how long has he been unnecessarily shutting down a part of himself?
“Well, I certainly wasn’t supposed to be aiding the enemy. But I couldn’t help it—you were always a favorite of mine growing up. And I know you were
accompanies Dean up to the plate and he tries his best to focus and settle in. Vic had led off the inning with a single, and even though Kershaw’s pitching well tonight, Dean’s determined to drive in a run for Sammy. They’ve
“I suppose that could still happen, considering it’s only 11 am on the east coast. But as of now, if they’ve decided to drop you then Gatorade and Under Armour have not informed me of it. Besides, Under Armour is nothing compared to
“But I digress,” she continues. “Dean, it’s time for you to pour your heart out for the caption of this photo. Talk about whatever you want—this is your chance to have your voice heard. Just let me take a quick look at it before you post it, OK?”
Dean’s convinced the Yankees couldn’t give a fuck what he said and they’re just pissed he was caught. “I bet they’re just waiting for the story to die, and he’ll be back in the lineup for their series against the Red Sox this week,” he says to Cas.
Not that it matters. Because Dean is not gay. Dean is not a gay man. He is not a gay man who dates other men.
“In that case...good.” Dean licks his lips. “So, how about the All Star break for me losing my ass-virginity?”
“What the hell, you guys? I wasn’t traded. I was a free agent!” Sam huffs from where he’s sitting in front of his cubby. “And you know everyone thinks it’s really lame when you quote baseball movies in the clubhouse.”
Dean watches as Sam takes two balls, both low and away. The starting pitcher for the Cubs has struggled early, allowing three runs over the first two innings, and now there are no outs with men on first and second.
Dean maneuvers them so that he’s got Cas under him and slides down the bed, taking Cas’ boxers down with him.
“Are you trying to kill me, Sammy? I already ate fuckin’ fish and vegetables for you two, and now you want me to eat raw fruit for dessert? You’re a goddamn sadist, man. I don’t know where I went wrong with you.” Dean shakes his head sadly, looking at his brother.
Sam acknowledges the sign from the first base coach—he’s been given the green light to swing and straightens up from where he’d been set to bunt—and waits for the pitch.
“Just once. When I was a child, my siblings and I attended when it was held in Boston so that we could watch our father. It was usually decided that it was too much trouble to have us all travel every year he was selected.” he pauses his work and looks over at Dean. “I remember being very bored, knowing that the game didn’t have much information for me to analyze because it was more of a scrimmage than competitive. I haven’t been to one since I’ve allowed myself to enjoy baseball for the game and not for its potential for me to prove my value to my father, so I’m quite looking forward to next week.”
“Cas? Have you seen that plastic top-thing for my razor?” Dean calls out from the bathroom at his house, the morning they’re set to leave.
Dean scratches his chin, suddenly nervous. “Uh, yeah, so you know that players can have their families and significant others and whatever down on the field for the Home Run Derby?”
He orders Sam a cake with the words, “WAY TO NO-NO, SAMMY!” written in bright-red icing (despite Dean’s best efforts, Sam prefers cake to pie because children will always be a disappointment), and he and Cas spend their off day prepping for (their?) guests. Since they have the time, Dean goes with barbecuing ribs for the main course; Cas makes a variety of side dishes, including his “famous gazpacho” with the tomatoes he’s been growing in Dean’s yard.
Sam looks surprised but relieved when he sees Dean, and immediately slouches down just a bit (the damn giant) to let himself be drawn into a hug.
“That’s … intense,” Dean replies. He hands Sam a beer and twists the cap off of another for himself.
Dean swallows his tongue and is thus unable to formulate a response beyond grunting in what he hopes is an approximation of “??”
Once they’re inside with the door closed, Dean leans heavily against the wall and sighs. “That felt so good, man. I can’t even tell you. Although I’m really tired of hearing that everyone in my life knew I was into dudes before I was able to admit it to them.”
Dean looks around to see if anyone has heard that before he lets himself enjoy the warmth he feels at Cas calling Dean’s house “home.” He has to remind himself that they’ve only been dating for three months, and it’s too soon to ask Cas to give up his place (that he’s almost never at) in favor of just moving in with Dean.
he thinks smugly—when there’s a knock at the door. He can hear Sam’s muffled voice from the other side.
Neither brother speaks for a few moments, the only sound in the room the buzzing of the ice machine in the corner.
As planned, Dean and Cas host Sam, Bobby, Jo, and Ellen at Dean’s house for dinner on Friday. As they barbecue in the backyard, the atmosphere is relaxed and happy with everyone enjoying each others’ company and savoring the brief respite from the long baseball season. It’s so good to relax with his family that Dean actually lets Bobby man the grill for a while, choosing instead to put his feet up and enjoy a beer while watching the sun setting over the Pacific. The gentle breeze from the ocean and the waning sunlight is providing enough relief from the July heat that Dean can sit still outside without actively sweating for the first time all day.
in agreement, not looking up from the table where he has several files open in front of him. “Will Ellen be attending?”
Cas is facing away from him so all Dean can see is his back, which sports the All Star Game jersey Dean had given him this morning.  The name “Winchester'' is stitched across his shoulders, arcing above the number thirteen. They’d had to part ways early on in the day so Dean hadn’t seen him wearing it until now, and
Cas grins. “Well, my boss in Kansas City convinced me to move across the country with him for a new job. And then I walked into my training room one day and an adorable, slightly bow-legged catcher with a bad shoulder and the dietary habits of a drunk four year old wouldn’t stop flirting with me.”
Dean sends his location to Sam and awkwardly tries to stretch his hip flexors by thrusting his hip out from one side to the other. His phone buzzes again and he looks down, hoping to see Cas’ name on the screen. He isn’t disappointed.
Dean wants to be angry. Anger he knows; anger he’s comfortable with. But the anger is currently overcome by an overwhelming disappointment that’s tinged with sadness. He’d felt momentarily elated—clear-headed for the first time in weeks—when he’d admitted out loud that he wanted Wednesday to be a date.
He’s annoyed but unsurprised to see a small crowd of reporters gathered around his cubby when he steps into the clubhouse after the game. He was holding out hope that whatever measures Bobby had managed to put into place to have a journalist-free zone the day before would last the series, but it looks like his luck has run out.
“I’ve been watching you prioritize your brother, and me, and Jo, and Ellen, and pretty much every other person you love over your own damn self for the past 20 years. It’s about time you put your happiness first, you hear me?”
“Don’t you dare finish that sentence,” Benny crosses his arms across his chest and stares angrily at Walker. “Leviticus 19:19: ‘do not wear clothing woven of two kinds of material.’” Benny raises his eyebrows. “See? I can quote scripture, too. Correct me if I’m wrong, now, Gordon, but I believe that uniform is a cotton-poly blend.”
A few minutes later Cas removes his fingers and sits up, setting his intense stare on Dean. “Ready?”
Unfortunately for Dean, the bed is so large that he’s unable to make it more than halfway across its fluffy expanse and ends up in an awkward heap. He looks over to Cas, who is staring at him with his eyebrows raised.
Cas grabs the wipes after they’ve caught their breaths. He taps Dean’s shoulder and they clean themselves up, smiling dopily at each other.
that he’s the one sticking his neck out and it’s blowing up in his face. “This is fucking bullshit. We could figure this out, but you’re being a goddamn coward. Do you have any idea how difficult it’s been for me to even accept that I have feelings for you?”
Cas sighs. “Yes, I’m fine. I think Jack is feeling better now that he got that candy out of his system.” He dabs at a spot of blue on Jack’s neck. “I’m really looking forward to Ellen getting here in a few days. She’d never be distracted enough to miss Gabriel slipping the kids candy.”
“As your manager, I gotta make sure your head’s gonna be on right to deal with Sam. Otherwise I’ll have to start Milligan.”
“I know, man. It’s just...Cas and I have only been together for a few months and everyone is acting like we’re already married or something.” He takes a breath and adds, “Myself included.”
Dean throws up his hands. “Don’t turn this into your goddamn pity party, OK? It’s not like I wanted you to get hurt! I wanted the literal opposite of that. And I have had a lot of shit happen in my life, have experience where you don’t. At the very least, you should trust me over whatever the hell your dick is telling you. That’s what makes this so awful, dude. It could’ve been avoided if you’d just trusted me. Listened to me when I said I didn’t want her hanging around us.”
Dean’s unsurprised when he hears the security gate buzz at exactly seven. Cas is always extremely punctual.
“Uncle Gabe gived me some cotton candy and I shared it wif my brudder but I guess it hurt his tummy ‘cause he frowed up all over Daddy and it was gross.” Explanation complete, Claire  gazes up at Dean. “I get a kindness puff in de jar for sharing wif my brudder, right?”
His brother seems calm and collected tonight despite the national spotlight on the game, which helps to settle Dean’s mood. He doesn’t want Cas to be upset with him—he figures that the reminder of their quiet relationship status is what caused Cas’ pensive reaction—and he’s not sure what to do about it. He’s been toying with the idea of coming out more often, lately, particularly since the pressure of having to remember not to talk about his happiness to other people has been weighing on him.
“You don’t have to say anything, Dean. Just keep me apprised of any developments and I’ll be in touch if any other iconic brands want to get their hands on you.”
@gaysball (6/11/20 9:43 am): THIS IS NOT A DRILL PEOPLE! @TheRealDWinny IS ONE OF US! I’ve been waiting my whole gay life for this amazing gay news. Thank you for your courage, Dean! WE LOVE YOU!
Dean snorts in disbelief. “Babe, 99% of people could spend their entire lives watching baseball and would never be able to tell you
He doesn’t regret saying what he did to his father; John deserved all that and more. But it still feels as though something monumental has shifted within him, and Dean is struggling to calm his racing thoughts. Thankfully his breathing has evened out a bit, but his mind is still going a mile a minute.
He doesn’t. Instead, Cas puts his hands on Dean’s hips and pulls them flush against his own, closing the scant distance between them and pressing his lips gently against Dean’s.
people. For people whose father didn’t use the word “faggot” with malice in his voice, and who didn’t grow up in locker rooms where being accused of liking dudes was tantamount to being a serial killer. For people who aren’t professional athletes that would lose their careers for having a relationship with another man.
“I know the social norms around texting, but I feel that this conversation should be had face-to-face.”
“I’m good for now.” She sets her computer case on the kitchen island and smiles brightly at Dean and Cas. “OK, first of all, wipe those faces off your heads. Everything is not fucked, man.” She winks. “And, hey, welcome to the queer club, boys!”
doesn’t shut up about how much he loves you all. Like, ever.” She looks up at Sam and gives him an exasperated eye roll.
@Sabzzz_808 (6/11/20 11:51 am): Can we make #queersoftballplayers trend too? I’m Sabrina, I’m a pitcher for Highland Springs HS and this is my girlfriend Heather who is the best. Glad ur out w/ us @TheRealDWinny #queerbaseballplayers #queersoftballplayers
Dean’s always joked that the MLB playoff system makes better sense if you just don’t think too hard about it. There are nerds who do that full-time (like Cas). Dean just knows that they’ll definitely be playing baseball next week, and if the standings don’t change, it’ll be against the Rockies or the Tigers.
Going ____ for ____ at the plate = a way to describe the offensive day a player had. Every time you go up to bat, you have the chance to get a hit or a walk or somehow end up on base (there are 7 ways for a hitter to reach first base, but we can talk about that later). Ideally you'd go 3 for 3 or 5 for 5 or something depending on the game, but that doesn't necessarily mean you score. It just tracks how often you get on base in a given game. Therefore, Dean saying that Chapman was three-for-three implies that Sam wasn't able to figure out how to pitch around him and get him out in his previous three times at bat.
“Twitter,” Dean corrects, chuckling. He moves closer to Cas and tentatively puts his hand around his waist, testing how it feels to be open around someone he doesn’t know.
“You mean you don't want to talk about the fact that you went three-for-four at the plate and got three RBIs on Opening Day?” Sam asks innocently.
Cas shakes his head. “I’ve never seen that side of you before. You were so angry, and you were so quick to throw that anger at
Cas shrugs and then ducks his head under the spray of the showerhead. “There was an entire episode of Dateline devoted to hotel sanitation practices. I used to have a lot more free time.”
“Dean,” Cas grits out, his voice pitched even deeper than it normally is. “That was...unwise,” he finishes.
Dean smiles and ends the call, making contended noises as he burrows into his bed. Yeah, he’s still uncomfortable expressing all this emotional shit to another human. But it’s worth it when the outcome is Cas smiling at him like he’s the key to unlocking the secrets of the universe.
“Ow, fuck!” Dean rubs at the pain in his ribs while Cas recovers, hastily sitting up so that he’s straddling Dean, a horrified look on his face.
If Cas has told Bobby the nature of their upcoming meeting, the manager gives nothing away. He leads the team through a split-squad simulation game without giving Dean a second glance.
Dean turns on the shower in his en-suite and slowly takes off his workout gear. Leaning over the sink, he studies his reflection in the mirror, wondering if the emotional shitstorm he’s feeling has manifested on his face.
Benny shoots Dean a speculative look before he claps him on the shoulder and steers him towards food. “I’m hungry enough to eat a horse, Winny. Let’s find some grub and catch up.”
From The Notorious JBH (9:33 am): Oh thank GOD thank you for texting. Keep us updated as much you’re able to/want to. We love you and we’re here for you, whatever you need.
So when Castiel throws out the fact that he’s been invited to Dean’s loft, the safe space that currently has no Cas-related memories for him to think about (read: obsess over), he gets a tiny bit anxious.
The All Star Game itself passes in a frenzy of fireworks and homeruns. Sam gets the start for the American League team, pitching two innings of one-hit baseball with Dean behind the plate. Dean himself sees two at-bats before he’s replaced with the Yankees catcher in the fourth inning, and manages to get an RBI double off of Scherzer. He spends the rest of the game shooting the shit with guys from around the league that he rarely gets to see, and only finds himself missing Cas’ presence in the dugout a few times (per inning).
“Everyone, this is Ruby!” Sam ushers her forward and starts pointing to people, introducing her to them.
Dean holds up his hands to stop Cas’ worried questions. “No, no, nothing like that,” he responds quickly. “I’m just, uh, having trouble focusing, you know?” He rubs the back of his neck and looks at the floor. “It feels too big. Like, I can’t wrap my mind around the fact that we could win the
rings out over the PA system a few moments later, signaling that it’s time for Sam’s final warmup from the mound before the game begins.
The only other times that he’s had specific desires to be with a guy have either been adolescent fantasies revolving around various celebrities, or that one time in high school when he’d had some serious feelings in his pants about his friend Chris.
Everything happens quickly from there. He’s strapped onto a wooden stretcher and put on the back of a golf cart, flashing a “thumbs up” at the crowd and biting his tongue against the urge to claim that he’s
And what’s even more shocking to Dean is that Cas seems to be just as happy to be in his company. Sure they argue, but they make up. They disagree (a lot), but they reach compromises and hash things out. Dean is constantly waiting for the argument or disagreement that will cause Cas to leave and never come back, but so far he’s somehow been able to put up with all the shit that Dean’s thrown at him.
Dean moves quickly, springing up to straddle Cas and pin his wrists above his head. “I won’t let you go until you admit that you flirted your perfect ass off at me.”
As it stands, however, Dean is able to do little more than press back to meet Cas’ hips as they slam up against him, eliciting sounds that he’s never heard himself make.
“Any post-coital panic?” Cas asks, his voice is light but the skin at the corners of his blue eyes crinkles slightly, giving away his anxiety.
From Benny (9:34 am): Don’t worry, brother. Ain’t gonna say anything to anyone. I’m just glad you’re OK. Kathleen sends her love and wants to know if you need us to drop off pie?
BP = batting practice. Before every game, players get a chance to warm up their offense. The bullpen catcher ("bullpen" = where the pitchers who aren't currently pitching hang out and warm up when they're called into a game; usually it's a fenced off area in the outfield) lobs easy pitches so that batters can get comfortable with their swings and the hitting coach can make adjustments.
“Why would you ever think that I’d be glad that you were shoved out of the closet in this way? That I would rejoice in your unhappiness?”
Dean scoffs. “Yeah, ok, but it’s different with me and Sammy. I practically raised him. I wouldn’t just randomly tell him not to date some chick for no reason.”
“Didn’t think so. Boy, get off my field. Go take a cold shower and pull your goddamn head out of your ass!”
Most common types of pitches: fastball (four seam, two seam), curve, slider, changeup, knuckleball (very rare in the modern game), cutter, splitter, sinker. There are qualifiers for each type of pitch that describe where the pitch lands in the strike zone (i.e. "low cutter inside"). Strike zone = imaginary square in front of the batter that determines strikes and balls (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strike_zone).
After a few more pitches, the umpire calls time and signals that the game is ready to begin. Dean meets his brother at the mound, plopping a ball into his mitt.
He flips through the channels aimlessly, looking for something distracting to put on. He pauses his search when he hears the cheesy saxophone music that accompanies 90’s softcore porn and sees
“Dude. Who do you think is pitching?! You’re calling for a low cutter, I think? But those are Griff’s signs. Or at least someone who
Dean just stares at his brother for a few seconds before he pushes him off of his bed and out of his room. “I’m going for a run! Don’t call me unless you’re bleeding out of your fucking eyes.”
This must be evident on his face, because he sees Cas roll his eyes. “Not the time, Dean. Answer me. Do you understand?”
Dean flinches so violently at the unexpected noise that he drops the ice scoop, and it goes clattering to the floor.
Dean pats Cas’ knee and says to Sam, indignantly, “My boyfriend thinks my calves are strong and muscular, so you can fuck right off, bitch.”
“Dean is under the impression that being with Cas will signal the end of his professional career,” Sam explains to Benny.
Dean scoffs and crosses his arms across his chest again. “Dude, that’s not what I’m trying to get at here. I’m not asking for some robotic, unerringly obedient brother. I’m asking for you to take your unnaturally large head out of your ass and tamp down your goddamn ego. To stop acting like a child when you don’t get your way. To understand that your actions have fucking consequences.”
In the space of a few days, the doctor (dubbed “Cas” by Dean, who’d decided that three syllables was two too many) has determined that they needed to focus on his shoulder and hips, deeming the regimen the strength coaches had drawn up for Dean sufficient to help protect his ACL.
“Now hold it right there, bucko. I didn’t say you don’t have the right to be angry! I’m just concerned for the both of you. He’s called me about twenty times already, asking if I’d heard from you.”
While Cas starts to rebuild his destroyed block-city, Caleb plants himself in Dean’s lap to watch. He’s wearing little denim overalls and he has a streak of dirt on his cheek; he looks like a tiny, adorable farmer. Dean puts his arms on either side of Caleb and lets the kid use him as a chair, pleasantly surprised that Caleb’s warmed up to him so quickly.
Standing at the door is an elfin redhead with a large computer case over her shoulder, wearing jeans and a tee-shirt that says, “Vulcan in the streets, Klingon in the sheets.”
Twenty minutes later, he and Sam begin their pre-game warmup on the field. Dean has his catcher’s gear on, and he guides Sam into his routine, starting with easy tosses and progressing to actual, powerful pitches.
Dean has tried to prepare himself for this moment—for the point when his father drops all pretense and lets Dean hear his unfiltered opinions—and yet he’s still caught off guard by the nonchalance with which John tells his eldest son he’s an
“So it’s just you and me. No expectations.” Cas cards his fingers gently through Dean’s hair and Dean sighs, his body relaxing slightly.
“I’ll take it into consideration,” Dean lies again, still smiling. The last vitamin he’d taken was when he was eleven and Ellen was still giving him a Flintstones vitamin with his breakfast (of Fruit Loops), and he has no plans to change that.
“¡Uno más!” Rami calls, pumping his fists in the air as he’s surrounded by a clutch of reporters around his cubby. The guys are all packing up their gear for the long flight back to Los Angeles, and the mood in the visitor’s clubhouse feels cautiously optimistic.
But what about his Dad? He’s never said anything explicit about disliking gay people, but he uses homophobic language constantly, so what’s the difference?
“Got it. Thanks, Dev,” Dean responds, readjusting his stance to take a few more balls before he lets Benny get in.
“Look, I don’t want to get into an argument about this. I’m just saying that for me, right now… I don’t want to be the first. I don’t want to break any barriers. I just want to have a decent career and help my brother get to the Hall of Fame like he’s meant to and then after I’m done, after my knees give out and I have plastic hips, then maybe it’ll feel like the right time.”
“You’re spiraling! Stop jumping to conclusions. Gabriel has already said that the team is behind you. Behind
Twenty minutes later, Dean is crouched behind the plate, taking a few more warmup pitches from Sam before the first inning begins.
Even at the ballpark, he and Cas have started drifting closer to each other in the dugout, sometimes going so far as to sit next to each other and exchange random comments about the game. Cas is incredible to watch games with: he’s hyper-observant and has spent so much of his life watching and studying the game that he has insight on practically every pitch.
The road trip isn’t going well for the team. The Angels only won one of the three games they played against the Rangers, and they broke even with the Mariners in their four-game series. Today they lost their opener to the A’s in the 11th inning, and Dean is exhausted. He’d gone 2-for-5 at the plate but hadn’t scored any runs, and he’s frustrated with his and his team’s performance. He knows they’re capable of playing much better baseball than what they’re currently doing, but Dean’s not sure how to get them all on the same page. Yeah, slumps are part of every season, but
“Yeah,” Dean says brightly, looking forward to the chance to be a “normal couple” in front of his friend. “She knows that we’re not, uh, public, though, right?” He adds.
A sense of nostalgia settles heavily over Dean, and he feels the need to pull his brother into a tight hug and reminisce about all the time they’d spent as kids imagining being in the very place they were currently standing.
Gabriel rolls his eyes at Dean’s reaction while the new manager, Bobby Singer, scoots his chair over to make room at the long table. “Idjit,” he mutters quietly, smiling faintly as Dean takes a seat.
Castiel drops the pen on the notepad and sits back, studying Dean with the same intense look that he’d had when they’d met. “I’m not suggesting that you don’t know your own body, Dean. But it’s my job to make sure that you’re healthy and able to play at the highest level. I noticed that you favor your right leg when walking, indicating that the left is in some pain. From the way you’re shifting around in the seat, your hips are probably feeling sore and uncomfortable, and I know your shoulder isn’t at one hundred percent, because during the throwing session today you kept rubbing at it, and you let Milligan take the lead with Sam. So I need you to be honest with me, here, and to trust me.”
“I’m the one who should be ‘what the fuck’-ing! I’m not dating Cas!” Dean yells, grabbing a few tissues from his nightstand and wiping up the mess.
“Dean,” Cas says his name on an exhale, as though he’s been gut-punched. “I can’t tell you how much it means to me that you’re being so open about all of this. Emotional intimacy is just as important and powerful to me as physical intimacy, particularly with someone I care about and love as much as you.”
to call and lecture me about ‘proper comportment’ and ‘familial obligations.’ Apparently my deviant behavior reflects poorly on the Shurley family.”
“Are you OK?” He drops the condom, gloves, and bottle of lube that had been clutched in his hand and tries to examine Dean. “I’m so sorry! I shouldn’t have tried to grab everything at once.”
“Oh, don't I know it. The boy’s been my shadow since we were in purgatory. I keep tryin’ to pawn him off on someone, but here we are.”
“I don’t understand what you’re referring to. Is it meant to be innuendo? Semen has very little nutritional value, you know. And given what you usually eat for breakfast, you can’t have meant that literally.”
“First of all, I really don’t think that your career would fall apart in the way you think it would! Plus, you don’t have to be in a public relationship with Cas. You guys could keep it quiet—plenty of people do that.”
But it doesn’t happen. Dean comes to the (unlikely, somewhat painful) conclusion that he’s been fucking lonely these past few years and he actually wants something (someone) permanent in his life.
She scoffs. “Please refrain from blaspheming in my presence. You’re no Queen Bey, but you do have a firm offer from Nike.”
But now? Now, this Thing, instead of fading away like Dean hoped, is suddenly given shape and breath and a name. It’s alive and pushing itself to the forefront of his mind at all times. And it wasn’t just tonight’s dinner. He can’t even complete a drill on the field without glancing up at Cas’ office window every few minutes, hoping to catch a glimpse of the man. He is so fucked.
Cas snorts. “Crowley Media is constantly scraping the very bottom of the barrel, Dean. No one actually trusts what they publish.”
“Oh, no, Dean,” Cas says when he sees this. He leans over Dean’s back and grips his hair lightly, pulling his head up from the bed. “I want to hear you.”
that the choice of when and how to come out was stolen from him; that his private life was put on display just when he was settling into being honest with himself and living his goddamn truth. Dean knows, rationally, that this isn’t entirely Sam’s fault. That it was those assclowns at Crowley Media and that vindictive harpy Ruby that caused all of this to happen. And that maybe,
And even if Dean were to ever, in a thousand million years, entertain the possibility of letting himself be with a dude, it’s not like Cas would even be into someone like him. He could be straight! And even if Cas was into guys, Dean’s excellent self-awareness extends to being cognizant of the fact that he is a big mess of a human and could never actually be in an adult relationship that extended past casual sex.
Dean squeezes Cas’ knee. “You know what might help? Charlie sent me an email with some tweets that she said I should look at if I needed a pick-me-up.”
Dean coughs and tears his eyes away from Cas. He leans more heavily onto the railing that separates the dugout from the field and rests his chin on his hands. He tries to rein in his emotions in order to focus on the game, but his thoughts keep shifting back to their relationship.
Dean opens his mouth and pauses, considering. “Yeah,” he decides. “The sibling bond is stronger than any team bond.” He leans forward and kisses Cas lightly on the lips, getting out of bed. “But we can argue about this the next time we watch it, cause I have a viewing of this movie at least once a year.” He stretches his arms over his head, feeling his spine pop in a few places. “Now, I’m gonna go get ready. I’ll be back in a bit,” he says, not looking directly at Cas and walking quickly towards the door.
Cas just stands there, his mouth hanging open, as if he’s trying to formulate a response. “I’ve spent a lot of time in hotel rooms, too!” he finally says, throwing his arms up in exasperation.
“That’s because you already eat like a vegan nun. Cas is giving me remedial dietary lessons ‘cause he thinks I don’t know what fruit is. It’s just two colleagues eating burgers together at one of their homes on a weeknight. That’s not a damn date.”
“I’m not good at dating. I haven’t been in a relationship that’s lasted more than a year in my entire life, and I’m a thirty-one year old.”
“So you don’t think you’ll tell anyone about, uh, having a relationship with a man?” Cas clears his throat. “Having a relationship...with me?
“Oookay.” Sam looks unconvinced. “Are you like, stressed about the season? Worried about your injuries?”
“Thanks, Joe. It’s an incredible honor, and I’d like to thank the fans for showing me so much support. I wouldn’t have a job without you guys, and I’m so grateful to every single one of you who cast a vote for me.”
“My house, too?” Cas asks, cocking his head to the left and turning on his soul-penetrating laser eyes.
Dean’s forgotten how much time there is between pitches when you’re not squatting behind the plate or preparing to hit, and he gets distracted in the fourth inning by Cas’ deceptively muscular biceps. Again.
So he says, “Fuck, I really love you, Cas” trying to imbue his voice with as much emotion as he can.
Bellinger makes Sam and Dean work for it, fouling off four pitches in a row before taking two balls to even up the count. Dean realizes that he needs to change tactics, and calls for a changeup high and inside, hoping to catch Bellinger off guard. Sam nods at the signal and takes a deep breath, winds up, and throws the pitch.
Cas rolls his eyes so exaggeratedly that Dean can see the gesture despite the poor lighting. “Someday we’re going to have conversations about emotions that don’t end with you making light of the situation because you’re uncomfortable.”
He turns to look at the foggy doors of the shower where he can just see the outline of Cas’ body and waits for his response.
“My gazpacho is far better than V-8, you philistine. But yes, please, it should remain chilled,” Cas calls from the other side of the kitchen, where he’s chopping up cilantro. “And honestly, Dean, can’t we do better than ‘babe’?”
“Well, it’s not all hand-holding and games of catch in the backyard for me and Sammy, here. He’s a temperamental little bitch who doesn’t listen to reason.” Dean elbows his brother.
“Man, there’s nothing like a sunrise out here!” Sam calls out, a bit breathlessly, as he walks into the kitchen. He grabs a glass out of the cabinet and flips on the faucet, toeing off his running shoes as he fills the cup.
The scene with Cas warning Dean and Sam to move because a foul ball is going to be hit at them is based on a story about Greg Maddux (Hall of Fame pitcher from the 90's - 2000's)!
“But what if we win, and I’ve just built this one goal up in my head so much that it’s a let down when I get it?” Dean asks in a quiet voice.
. Karl Ravech’s monologue posed questions about whether or not Rocker should be punished and even asked, “Does the Yankees organization condone homophobia?” For their part, the Yankees’ official Twitter released a statement condemning all forms of hate-speech, but declined to comment on Rocker specifically or issue any publicly-known punishment for his actions, and Rocker hasn’t given any apology or granted any interviews about the incident. He was left out of the lineup for Sunday’s game, but the Yankees manager claimed that he had always planned to give Rocker the day off.
“It’s not a date! He asked me to come over so he could force me to eat rabbit food, ‘cause he’s my friggin’ doctor.”
He can hear Cas’ voice, but it sounds like it’s coming from behind a wall. He tries to focus on the feel of Cas’ hands on his back, rubbing in gentle circles.
Cas rolls his eyes. “Spoken like a true older sibling! Kit was able to blossom when she was traded away and finally out of Dottie’s shadow. She earned that run.”
Dean waves his goodbye and wanders back through the house, trying to find Cas. He spots him in the backyard, reading on the blanket that had been spread out for Caleb the night before.
Cas looks relieved. “Thank God. Because Dean, I’ve been fantasizing about you since the moment we met.” His voice, normally deep and gravelly, pitches even lower.
The man in question walks back into the kitchen, this time accompanied by Benny and his wife Kathleen, who’s holding a squirming toddler in her arms.
It would be finally letting himself experience the thrill of a hard, male body under his hands. The smell of sweat and Cas’ light, citrusy aftershave instead of the cloying, floral perfumes the women he dates are always coating themselves in. Waking up next to a chest dusted with hair and strong, masculine arms surrounding him.
After he takes the first two fastballs for balls, out of the corner of his eye Dean sees Smith shift to the right slightly.
Sam seems to deflate a bit, and he leans back against the wall. “I just want what you and Castiel have,” he says quietly. “Don’t get me wrong. I’m so, so happy that you found each other. But there’s a part of me that’s jealous, I think. I know I said all that stuff to you about going for what will make you happy, and I absolutely stand by that. You’ve given so much to me, and to everyone you love. You deserve this happiness with him. But... I want to find that, too.”
“You good?” Jesús asks, waiting for Dean to nod before releasing him. “Just focus on the game, Winny.”
“Oh, hush! I’m just saying, the first time I saw you cuddle a baby I thought my ovaries were gonna explode. There’s something about a man with a baby strapped to his chest that just does it for me.” Kathleen shrugs.
“I like everything, with you,” Cas smiles. “Historically, I’ve actually preferred to top—it’s easier to maintain an emotional distance, I think—” he explains, in his typically casual way of expressing blunt honesty, “but I’m not afraid of that with you.”
Dean recognizes his cue to leave but takes a second to catch Cas’ eye and wink before he goes back to the field.
Dean purses his lips to avoid blurting out the sarcastic comment that’s on the tip of his tongue. He waits a moment to gather his thoughts, trying to imagine what he’d want to hear if he were Cas. “I know you’re not trying to shame me or anything. It’s just, like, trying to unlearn all the shit I’ve been telling myself since I can remember and trying to fight against my instincts is tough. But I’m right there with you, you know. I feel like the luckiest son of a bitch in the world, being your, uh, partner… or boyfriend, or whatever.”
He doesn’t realize what he’s said at first, but the way that Cas is staring at him, eyes ablaze with intensity, makes Dean reconsider his words. “Oh, shit,” he mutters, when the title he and Cas certainly haven’t discussed yet replays in his head.
He knows he’s being deliberately obtuse but he doesn’t care. Dean has had an amazing morning—he got to meet one of his favorite athletes
“Cas! Dean! Smile!” Just then Sam comes loping over to them with his phone raised in front of him, poised to snap a photo and effectively putting a stop to their conversation.
Benny beams at him. “That’s great news, cher! For what it’s worth, I’m rooting for you two. ‘Bout time you found someone to settle down with.”
Cas grins at Dean and presses a kiss to his temple. “I’m so proud of you. And I’m proud to be a part of this,” he gestures at the phone.
It’s not an ideal situation, Dean recognizes, having a dick in his mouth while his brother’s demanding his attention. His own boner is quickly wilting, and he pulls off of Cas with an apologetic look.
A little while after their dessert is finished (and Dean really does switch to water), Cas explains that he has an early-morning workout scheduled with Gabriel and needs to get home.
Dean shifts in his seat uncomfortably. “Look, doc, Jo and Bobby have known me most of my life and they’re just being, I dunno… dramatic? I have aches and pains, sure, but I’m fine. Nothing I can’t handle with some ice and ibuprofen. Catchers’ bodies get a lot of wear and tear, but I’ve got some life left in me, ok?”
“Well, I wouldn’t be...opposed to it. As a term of endearment. If you’re determined to find one for me.”
Dean loves that Cas has a small stash of his stuff at his house that Dean’s subtly shifted to its own side of the closet. The coffee table has a medical journal and a half-read P.D. James mystery sitting on it and, even though Dean refuses to touch the crap, the refrigerator is stocked with organically-sourced kombucha. He finds out that Cas uses reading glasses on occasion, and immediately thereafter discovers that he has a Cas-in-glasses kink.
“If you weren’t six feet tall and in need of a shave, I’d swear you were the same bratty eleven year old who couldn’t stop messin’ with his little brother,” she shakes her head in exasperation. “Now come give me a hug.”
“That’s Ellen, and her daughter Jo, and, obviously you know Dean already”—Dean does a sort of half-wave, trying to keep his face neutral for Sam’s sake—“and that’s his, uh, our friend Castiel.”
Dean sighs and relaxes into the stack of pillows he’s piled behind his back, wiggling around contentedly. While he’s only ever
Cas waves the hand not holding Dean’s dismissively. “Well, regardless, it was something that I could do that my father recognized as special. He would even ask me for my opinion about a player or a situation every once in a while, and it made me finally feel seen by him. And so I became obsessive about it. I spent hours poring over batting averages and pitching matchups, in the hope that I could prove my usefulness and my father would see me as worthy of his time and love. But, of course, that didn’t work. I was never able to actually
“Absolutely. If you want it to,” he says. “But if you want to have some time to yourself I won’t be offended. We’ve spent more nights together than not in the past few weeks, and I don’t want you to feel like we have to share a bed just because we can.”
Dean ducks his chin, hiding his smile. Despite his best efforts to remain aloof, Sam’s answer causes warmth to flood his system. Bela, his and Sam’s agent, catches the smile from her perch next to him and rolls her eyes. “You two are almost enough to thaw my icy heart,” she whispers, her fingers pausing from their furious typing on her phone to rib him.
“You know how I feel about grilled chicken breast, Sammy. That is a bridge too-damn far. At least ground turkey can be reasonably disguised to trick you into thinking you’re eating red meat.”
Dean has never seen Cas so pissed off before, and he has the fleeting thought that Cas looks super hot like this before he drags his mind out of the gutter and back to the present moment. “She definitely doesn’t have the right to say anything to you about how you live your life or who you live it with.”
Dean hasn’t ever felt such a genuine interest in knowing someone as fully as he does with Cas, and it terrifies and elates him at the same time.
“Brother, I didn’t know it was a secret between us! It was just something we never talked about, like my obsession with Nora Ephron movies and your stance on pumpkin pie as a vegetable.” He shrugs. “You’ve always flirted with men, and you certainly had a crush on me in the minors.”
Dean smiles and gives her a hug, squeezing tightly, silently letting her know that he does, in fact, love her dearly.
From: Samsquatch (1:17 pm): I know you’re at lunch but can I drop off something in your garage? I’ll just be in and out—I won’t go inside or anything.
Dean smiles, picturing the two succulents that Cas rescued from Gabriel. “You should just bring those two crazy kids over here.” He gestures to the small garden where Cas has been growing assorted herbs and small vegetables for the past few months. “They can join the rest of their siblings.” He’s again tempted to blurt out that Cas should just move
From MaEllen (9:34 am): Thank you for checking in, sweetie. I love you and if you need me to come there and kick some heads in, just say the word and I’ll be on the next flight.
Dean’s relieved and happy to see that Cas fits into the Winchester/Harvelle/Singer dynamic seamlessly. His incredibly dry sense of humor matches Bobby’s sarcasm, and he and Sam nerd out about random baseball minutiae (who the hell cares about the mathematics of pitching?! Just throw the ball hard and let gravity deal with it). Dean finds out that Jo and Cas text each other regularly—“almost exclusively about you, don’t worry,” Cas says—and immediately worries that he’ll never know another moment’s peace regarding his (currently high-functioning, thankyouverymuch) shoulder and hips.
And yet here Dean is, not unbothered but not falling apart. His thoughts are mostly spinning towards anger and resentment but they’re also tinged with sadness and regret. He’d held out hope that the John Winchester who was fine abandoning his kids twenty years ago would have grown the fuck up, but that was obviously a pipedream. Clearly Dean’s not living up to whatever vision John has in his head of what a “man” should be, of what his “son” should be.
Finally, the Angels’ starting lineup is announced. Dean feels the anticipation well up inside him as he watches his first two teammates jog up the steps from the dugout and onto the field, waving to the fans when their name is called.
to. That it doesn’t require a conscious effort for him to respond truthfully about what he desires and needs from Cas. And apparently, right now, what he desires and needs is to regress back to the sixth grade and ask Cas to be his damn boyfriend.
“You’re consenting to have these two gentlemen hear your results and be part of the discussion regarding your treatment?”
Basic baseball info: in America, baseball teams are split into leagues (the American League and the National League), and within each league there are divisions (West, Central, and East) that are determined geographically and impact which teams play each other during the regular season. Thus, the Los Angeles Angeles of Anaheim are in the American League West division (aka AL West), and most often play other teams in the AL West (Seattle Mariners, Oakland A's, Houston Astros, and Texas Rangers).
. You’re the ones who voted for Verlander,” Sam responds, raising an eyebrow. “I won 21 games, too, and I didn’t have to rely on anyone banging garbage cans to get the run support from my offense.”
“His fourth,” Cas gushes, beaming. “And this year, he secured more votes than any other player in history.”
He pulls back enough to be able to look into Cas’ eyes, and feels himself settling deeper into a sense of calm.
“Hey, Dean! It’s so good to see you!” Kathleen sets Caleb down and hugs Dean warmly. “It’s been too long, Winchester.”
A young woman nods her thanks and stands up to ask her question. “Since Bobby announced that this season will be his last before he retires, your name has been coming up a lot in conversations about who will be his successor. Will you be throwing your hat in the ring?”
Dean’s pretty sure he’s blushing, but he’s too wound up to be able to identify which specific body parts are reacting. “I’m gonna go for a run.”
“Hello there, Mr. Winchester. I’m Dr. Moseley,” the woman introduces herself before turning to Cas. “And you must be Dr. Shurley. Nice to meet you both.” She positions herself so that Dean can see her face without straining his eyes or his neck. “I’m going to walk you through what’s going to happen next. First, I’ll do some non-invasive tests to check for a concussion and see if you’ve suffered any other superficial injuries. Then I’m going to take you for a CT scan, and we’ll go from there. Because Dr. Shurley is both your partner and your team doctor, it’s a bit of a grey area as to whether or not he can be in the room while I examine you. I’ll leave it up to you to make that decision. Sound good?”
“The one thing I’ve always had, that none of my siblings do, however, is my ability to analyze the game. Like when I was able to warn you and Sam to move out of the way of Victor’s errant foul ball a few weeks ago?”
Dean pulls a shirt over his head and turns to face Cas. “I dunno, man. I’m really fucking pissed off at him. He completely ignored everything I told him and look what happened.”
“Me lying like a dead weight on top of you?” Cas’ voice comes out muffled, his face stuck in Dean’s neck.
Not that he would ever say any of this hippie-dippy, live-and-let-the-universe-lead crap out loud. But now, as he’s driving Baby with the windows rolled down and
noise into the phone and responds, “Have you checked your Instagram post since you put it up?” Dean can hear her typing as she speaks to him.
Cas puts his other hand on Dean’s lower back and slides it up, apparently trying to soothe. “Do you want me to stop?” Cas’ voice is hushed and measured.
Dean chuckles as he heads out to the tunnel that leads to the field. Sam had been wearing the old-school style socks since they were in high school. The only time he’d tried to change it up, he gave up four runs in the first inning. After that, he never wore ankle-length pants again.
Dean kisses Cas then, overwhelmed with affection for this warm, compassionate man. “Whenever you want to share stories about him, I’d be happy to hear all about Richard.”
He’s not sure sure, but close enough. He doesn’t want to hide this part of himself anymore, and he might as well take the chance while Ellen’s in town. Plus, Cas just said that he’d be honored. Dean has the sudden urge to giggle in delight, but he quickly tamps that down.
label this for me! You’re the one who asked if I wanted to have dinner with you in the first place!”
“Relationships change and people's needs change,” Cas had reasoned when Dean shared this revelation. “It doesn’t mean that your relationship with Sam is less; it just means that you’ve made room in your heart and in your life for a romantic partner to fill up those spaces that were waiting for something—someone—else.”
“Yes. Definitely.” He leans in and kisses Cas again, this time with more confidence. Excitement zings down his spine at the feel of wide shoulders and hard muscle under his hands as he wraps Cas in his arms.
“I don’t know, Dean,” Cas replies slowly, his eyebrows drawn together in thought. “I think you’re underestimating the popularity you and this story have. The queer community has been incredibly vocal in their support for you.”
“It must be pretty special to get to celebrate the weekend with your brother, who’s had quite a remarkable start to the season. What’s your favorite part of the All Star experience?”
This past season the Angels made it to the ALCS only to be beaten by the Royals, Bobby and Sam’s former team. The Royals, though, lost the World Series in five games to the Nationals, winning only the game that Sam started as pitcher. What kind of deal Bela had made with Satan to get them all on the same team, Dean never wanted to know, but he was incredibly grateful to the baseball gods it had all worked out.
“It would be the environmentally friendly choice,” Cas calls back before he turns off the water and opens the stall door. He pulls his towel off of the rack and tilts his head, squinting his eyes slightly in the way that Dean knows precedes a question. “Why today? Are we making some sort of statement?”
Cas makes a frustrated noise and finally—finally!—shifts back, drawing his dick out of Dean before thrusting back in, establishing a rhythm of firm, deep strokes.
“I hear you boys managed to beat the home team tonight,” she says, smiling. “I can’t say I’m surprised. Your bullpen is much stronger than ours. And after the way Rocker behaved, I don’t think we deserved the win.”
Dean picks up the pace, hoping that he’s nailing the spot as often as possible which, judging by the noises Cas is making, he is.
Dean and Cas laugh. “Damn, I need to come over and see him! Last I spent any meaningful time with you guys, he was, like, the size of my forearm,” Dean remarks.
“Something got you flustered, Cas?” Dean grins and raises his eyebrows, snorting when Cas glares at him.
It feels like it’s over in the blink of an eye. The Angels win the first game of the World Series 7-3, with Sam pitching eight innings and giving up only two runs. They’re able to pull out a win in game two, but drop both games in Saint Louis to the Cards, who tie the series at two wins each.
Dean clears his throat and glances around the room, randomly choosing one of the journalists with their hands raised. “Go ahead, Denise.”
with this gay shit?” John says finally. He sounds like he’s spitting out the last two words, as if they taste bad and he needs to get them out of his mouth.
Dean waves his hand in recognition of the umpire’s warning. “I’m serious, dude. Get your shit together and
Sam rolls his eyes like the drama queen he is, and then goes on to finish pitching an 8-inning shutout.
Dean rolls his hips against Cas’ and waggles his eyebrows. “Oh, I’m amenable.” He quickly strips off his shirt and shimmies out of his pants and boxers. As he pulls Cas’ threadbare pajama pants down and off of his hips, he sets to work pressing kisses along the ridges of his pelvis, where the bones jut out slightly.
“Richard?” Dean tries to keep his voice level, but the thought of Cas with other men makes jealousy rush through him, a heaviness settling uncomfortably in his stomach. He knows, rationally, that Cas has dated other people, but hearing one of them named makes Dean feel possessive and resentful.
There’s silence for a few moments. “Then no, it’s not.” Cas’ shoulders slump ever so slightly. ”It’s two friends having a platonic dinner. You’re welcome to invite Sam, if you’d like.”
Sam contorts his expression into his patented Samuel Winchester Bitch Face but walks out of the room, shaking his head. “Don’t act like I’m not your proudest accomplishment, jerk.”
Dean hears the gate open and a few moments later Sam’s Tesla abomination is pulling silently into the driveway. Sam gets out of the car holding two large bags full of what looks like paper goods and is shifting his weight from foot to foot, looking awkward.
Dean moves the phone away from his mouth and says to Cas, “Dude. Nike wants me as their spokesperson! I’m shooting something with friggin’ Megan Rapinoe!”
“Yeah, for sure,” Dean answers, taking a long pull from his (third? fourth?) beer. “I’m pretty tight with a few of them so it’ll be great to see those dudes again. I was supposed to go down to Louisiana to see Benny’s family and go hunting for a few weeks in January, but then Sammy signed his deal and everything got crazy.”
“I’m just reevaluating everything I thought I knew about you,” he says casually. “Because the man I tried sushi for? That man would never betray me and the Ninth Doctor in such a cavalier manner.”
Garth, their traveling secretary, starts handing out room keys to the team. When he approaches Dean, he double checks his phone and switches the keys around in his hand.
Just then they hear the front door bang open and Sam yell out, “I’m here! Put your clothes back on!”
Once the rest of the guests arrive—Sam is so thrilled to see Ellen that he actually picks her up off the ground, his hug is so enthusiastic—they go onto the patio and chat. Gabriel is surprisingly charming when he wants to be, and he’s entertaining everyone with the story of finding out that Sam was interested in signing with the Angels (apparently it involved an Italian model, chocolate-covered strawberries, and an ill-timed phone call), when Dean notices that Cas is off to the side, playing quietly with Caleb.
“Hi, Caleb,” Dean says, kneeling down to be on his level. “I’m Dean. I know you don’t remember me, but I met you a long time ago. I work with your daddy.”
Cas laughs. “The heart wants what the heart wants, and deeply-closeted, fourteen-year-old Castiel Shurley spent hours reading and re-reading
It works so fucking well that about ten minutes later Dean wonders if anyone has ever died from getting a mind-melting blowjob because dear
Sam snorts. “I get that, and I accept it.” He blows out a loud breath and runs his hands through his ridiculous hair. “Is there anything else I can do?”
So, yeah. Dean couldn’t give a single shit that he hadn’t slugged a few more balls out of Dodger Stadium when he’d had Cas’ smile directed at him every time he’d looked up. Having him there, sitting next to him on the grass and watching together as the other guys went up to bat, was heavenly.
“As I mentioned earlier, they want you to join their Pride Month campaign, but they also want to keep you on as a spokesperson. Assuming you give me the go-ahead, you’ll be on set next week to shoot with Megan Rapinoe.”
“So stop treating me. I’ll work with another PT until we get back to California, and then I can just get back with Jo.”
“You lost my respect years ago. If this is the hill you’re going to throw away whatever shreds of relationship we had left on, then there’s nothing I can do. I sure ain’t gonna pretend to be someone I’m not, especially not for you.”
The next day, Bobby set a large square of plywood against a tree in the yard and helped both boys refine their skills. By the time spring rolled around and Bobby had to go back to traveling with the minor-league team, Dean and Sam were both much improved.
“And then there’s the fact that you may have developed romantic feelings as a result of our working together.”
But Cas answers immediately. “Dean, I would be honored,” he responds, getting up from his seat at the table and walking over to the hammock. “I’m incredibly proud to be your partner, and I’m incredibly proud that you’re an All Star. If you want me to be on the field with you, I’m there.”
[photo: The Angels celebrating on the field after Sam’s no-hitter. Dean is smiling besottedly at Cas while Cas has his hand on Dean’s shoulder as they stand to the left of the mound]
“I shouldn’t have asked you if you wanted it to be a date.” He shakes his head, apparently upset with himself. “It’s incredibly unethical to be romantically involved with someone I’m actively treating. You could take me to court for even suggesting it.”
But now he gets it. He understands how much of a relief it is to come home to someone who will ask about your day with a genuine interest in hearing about it, and will also help you forget about the shitty and difficult parts. To have someone to eat dinner
“I’ve quite enjoyed working with you, as well. It’s not often that I get to spend so much time with a single player.”
Cas raises an eyebrow at him, probably wanting to know why Dean is staring at him like a besotted puppy.
Dean chokes on the swig of beer he’s just taken. While he’s recovering, Cas continues, “I don’t know the specifics of your past experiences, but it’s quite rare for me to date someone for three weeks without having sex. And please believe me when I say that I would
They make their way into the kitchen of Dean’s large home in Laguna Beach. French doors open up from the kitchen onto a large patio that overlooks the ocean, and Dean usually keeps them ajar to allow the fresh air in. It’s too much house for one guy, but when he bought it, it was mostly for the view and the thought that he’d be able to host his family and friends (and only a tiny bit because he imagined that, at some point, there might be more than just him living there).
There’s silence for a few moments before Cas speaks again. “Now that we’ve confirmed titles, I believe we should have a conversation about sex.”
“Let me get this straight. You,” Bobby points at Cas, “wanna date him,” he shifts his finger over to Dean, “but you’re worried about breakin’ your doctor code of ethics, so you decided to bring me into your little circle of lust.”
“Hey! I’m like three puffs away from having a full jar and getting a reward, dude. That’s just cruel.”
Dean cups his hands around his mouth and yells loudly for his brother, pride radiating through him. He can’t help but grab Sam’s arm and pull him into a brief hug as he makes his way down the line of his teammates. He knows it’ll embarrass him, but he doesn’t give a single shit. He’s allowed to be a big brother in public every once in a blue moon.
“Don’t beat yourself up, Cas. Remember when Gabe gave Claire an entire Snickers bar while we were watching the Superbowl and I completely missed it?”
“Dad!” he yelps, reaching his chubby arms out and nearly falling out of the chair Cas has him perched on.
“Depends on your definition of exciting, I suppose,” he replies, leaning back against Dean, who continues to soap up every part of Cas that he can reach. “I was in a book club for queer men, but they kept choosing absolutely depressing fiction so I eventually dropped out. I watched a lot of documentaries, and there was Richard, of course.”
“Be right back!” he says, dropping the beer on the table before turning and running out of the room again.
“Add another,” Cas says breathily. Dean adds a second finger and leans down to tease Cas’ nipples with his tongue, watching them pebble in the cool air of the bedroom. He crooks his fingers a bit, searching for the bundle of nerves in the way that Cas taught him. He smiles smugly when the pad of his finger brushes against something that makes Cas moan and his hips jerk.
Cas looks at Dean and raises his eyebrows before he takes the outstretched hand and shakes it firmly. “I certainly hope I can pass muster. And you should know that Dean also speaks very highly of you.”
“I know I don’t need to, but I thought it would be a gesture of goodwill.” Sam puts the bags on the ground. “I just...I know you’re not ready yet. But I was talking to Rufus and he reminded me that when it comes to making amends, all I can do is apologize and it’s up to you to accept it or not. I can’t force anything.” Rufus had been sober for something like 20 years, and he wasn’t shy about dispensing wisdom from AA when he saw one of his players acting up.
He might be over 50 years old at this point, but Ken Griffey, Jr. is still as damn fine a male specimen now as he was in his playing days.
, as Ash responds well to hyperbolic, rousing rhetoric—and as he’s walking back he catches Bobby’s eye. The old man looks stoic as ever, but Dean thinks he might detect a bit of pride in his expression.
Dean shrugs and scoots closer to Sam, who in turn shifts farther down so that they’re about five feet away from their original positions.
“Happy All Star Game, Dean. And congratulations on such a momentous achievement! You received more votes than any other player in the history of All Star fan voting to get you here this year.” Joe Buck’s voice echoes loudly through the headphones and Dean plasters on his “interview smile”, Sam’s name for the grimace/smirk/barely-there-grin that he contorts his expression into when dealing with the majority of the press.
This is the fluffiest and most ridiculous epilogue to an already fluffy and ridiculous story. I hope you enjoyed it! Thank you, from the bottom of my heart, for reading. Please comment/kudos if you feel so inclined! I absolutely love hearing from you all. And, stay tuned for time stamps (I've become slightly addicted to imagining Dean's butt in baseball pants and I've decided to make it your problem as well).
A few hours later Dean is settling into bed, waiting for Cas to finish in the bathroom and join him.
The real issue is that he’s never been with a man before. What if he’s so used to boning women that he ends up disappointing Cas? Because, ok, kissing is kissing. That’s easy. And kissing Cas is unlike anything he’s felt before. He could kiss the man for hours at a time (and he pretty much has). But what about the other stuff? He’s had some unfulfilling sexual experiences in his life, and each time that’s happened the connection between him and whatever woman he was with quickly fizzled out. And he absolutely doesn’t want what they have to fizzle out.
Dean scratches the back of his neck, looking uncomfortable. “No, not at all. I was just … thinking about stuff. Sam is too damn sensitive.”
“So, Dr Fernandez left me some notes on your previous injuries before she retired,” Castiel says, shifting a few pages around and examining the MRI results that Dean recognizes as the ones taken of his shoulder last September. “Why don’t you give me an update on your shoulder? Have you been doing any PT, or seeing a doctor in the off season?” He clicks a pen and holds the ballpoint poised over a notepad, looking at Dean expectantly.
Companionship. Romance. Everything Dean has studiously avoided in his twenty-eight years on this earth.
Dean watches Cas’ reflection in the mirror. Watches his hands shake slightly as he rolls the condom onto himself; watches him bite his plush bottom lip as he coats more lube onto the latex; watches him scoot closer and finally look up, catching his eye and holding his gaze. Dean stares back for a minute before pressing back towards Cas.
Cas stops putting the resistance bands they were working with away and turns back to Dean, one eyebrow raised.
“So what’s the problem? You’ve been talking about him, like, nonstop since you started working with him. I thought it would be fun to have him over. Plus, he’s on my side with the whole ‘get Dean to eat a vegetable to help his decrepit old man body’ issue.”
don’t need your approval.” He feels like his whole body is vibrating and he takes a deep breath, trying to rein himself in. John doesn’t deserve his anger. “Lose my number, you hear me? And you can kiss those monthly checks goodbye. I doubt you want my money, anyway, since I’m such an
“Do we even have any pictures of us together?” Dean takes his phone out of his pocket, ignoring the eighteen thousand new alerts, and opens the Photos App. “Apparently I am a huge creeper, because I have a ton of pics of just you, and like, three selfies that will never see the light of day.”
“I apologize, Sam. I didn’t hear you,” Cas says calmly, not moving from where he’s holding Dean against him.
He fucks into his own fist in time with Cas’ thrusts and suddenly he feels his muscles lock and he’s
On June 7th, Sam starts at home against the Dodgers. It’s the Sunday night ESPN Game of the Week, so the more-than-usual amount of cameras and pregame nonsense (interviews, fireworks, the whole nine) is making Dean jumpy.
Dean drums his fingers against the steering wheel, humming along absently to a Jimmi Hendrix classic while trying to remain calm. Los Angeles being Los Angeles, he’s stuck in nearly standstill traffic on the I-5; the Nike shoot had taken all morning, and he’s on the verge of being late to make it back down to the stadium to hop on the team bus to the airport. Dean makes a frustrated noise as he watches a motorcycle weave around Baby, who’s sitting motionless in the gridlock, and longingly thinks of the big, open highways in Kansas. It makes Dean claustrophobic to be camped out on the freeway like this, with lines of cars stretched out as far as he can see, as his own crawls forward by mere feet every few minutes. It reminds him of being stuck in the car with his dad, strapped in next to a wailing baby Sam with no understanding of where they were going or when it would end.
There’s a long enough silence that Dean checks the screen to make sure the call is still connected. He usually hears from John a few times a year; they only call each other outside of holidays and birthdays if something’s wrong (or if John needs money). Dean knows
“No, of course it’s not a problem. Sam didn’t mention it, so I’m surprised, is all. But good-surprised! Definitely good-surprised.”
and asking for privacy. We don’t deny, but we don’t give anyone any more ammunition about this. The second, and this is what I recommend as long as you’re comfortable with it, is for you to confirm your relationship with Cas by putting out something on Instagram and/or Twitter, Dean. Think: cutesy picture of you two with a meaningful caption. That way, we can take charge of the narrative and play up the angle that 1) you’re in a loving, happy relationship with someone who just happens to be a dude, and 2) we can shift the focus to the shady tactics of those fucksticks at CrowFeed.” Charlie doesn’t look up from her furious clicking and typing as she says all of this. “I know Bela told you about Nike, Gap, and Absolut, Dean. I think that should factor into your decision; you can definitely come out on top here. You two chat about that while I take stock of the general response online.” She grabs headphones out of her bag and finally makes eye contact with Cas and Dean. “We’ll reconvene in fifteen, K?”
Cas uses the same tone of voice to talk about sex as he does when he’s talking about what to make for dinner, and Dean is still getting used to it. They’d run the gamut of oral and hand/finger-related sexual activity, but hadn’t progressed to anything beyond that. Not that Dean hadn’t been thinking about it; he just wasn’t sure how to bring it up.
