“I’m sure I don’t know what you mean.”
“You look like you need some rest,” Steve smiled. Tony noticed that the gesture didn’t reach the man’s eyes. “We can talk in the morning.”
“Your loss, Stark,” Steve smirked.
“You got it, Cap!”
“Maybe so,” Pepper conceded. She wrapped her arms around her waist. “But that was
Steve huffed out a laugh as Bucky began to sing, but he made sure to count off the cadence. “Hooah, Buck,” he offered, his voice tight with emotion. Renewed strength washed over Steve’s frayed system as he caught sight of T’Challa’s raised hand standing tall against the dark horizon, and he finally turned to welcome the horde heading his way.
“Alaric, what have I told you about touching your face at the dining table?” Peggy scolded. “Now you’ll have to wash your hands before you eat.”
“What’s with that expression?” Peggy laughed, ushering Steve toward a red, Formica table sitting in front of a picture window showcasing Clint’s rustic backyard. “You look as if you’ve seen a ghost. Sit down already, Steve! The bacon should be ready to come out of the oven by now.”
“What are you saying?”
Tony swallowed hard and nodded. He dropped his eyes to the floor and gently pulled his hands from Pepper’s grasp. “So what now? I bought this house for you, you know,” he reminded. “It wouldn’t be right to make you leave your new home.”
“Tony -”
“The one and only!”
Sam immediately dropped to his knees and wrapped his arms around Steve’s shoulders. “Give ‘em hell, brother. I’ll be waiting for you to join us when we make our move to finish this war, so don’t do anything crazy.”
Natasha’s left eye glistened with emotion, which Steve ignored as a courtesy to his friend. He sat up and pressed a kiss to her temple. “Go to Fury and meet up with Clint and Scott,” he urged. “Make sure their families are still safe. Find Wanda and make sure she finds her way to the safehouse. I’m going to need you all at your best to help T’Challa strategize with T-Stark. Most importantly, get some shut eye for me. I’m pretty tuckered out.”
, had dolled Steve up with his favorite beard oil for his own wake.
“My, my, Captain. You do have a way with the ladies.”
“It’s too soon, Buck! Tony isn’t supposed to be here! The team hasn’t had time to regroup! This is all wrong!”
“Thank you, Tony.”
Despite Pepper’s hard attempt to mold him into an “ordinary” person, Tony Stark would never be known for being a paragon of normality. She’d given him six months to settle in and embrace a fresh chance after their shared recovery time following Extremis, but the offer had felt like she’d given him a new work assignment.
he was at this point, but he was far from feeling afraid. He knew this room – Clint had allowed Tony and Steve to call it home once.
“Let’s finish this,” Steve ordered.
The rain pushes the buildings aside.
A wan smile touched Steve’s lips, and it made something in Tony’s chest flip upside down. “Hello, Mr. Stark. I’m sorry to intrude, but may I please come in?”
Peggy was indeed gone, as if she had never been sitting beside him, but Steve could still detect hints of her jasmine perfume hanging in the air. His plate of half eaten eggs and bacon was still on the table, and Steve watched as Tony reached over the mess of congealing yolk to grab his coffee. Tony knocked back the cup and drained it dry in less than a minute.
“What’s the plan?”
“Hooah, Cap,” Sam croaked, and he finally moved to descend.
Darkness framed his vision, threatening to cut off his sight, but Steve forced himself to meet Tony’s gaze. There were tears pooled in Tony’s eyes, magnifying the absolute loss silently raging within the pupils. There was so much Steve wanted to say to Tony, but he didn’t know where to start, or how to voice his feelings.
This was a
Bucky trembled above Tony as he gripped his hips and leaned down to kiss him as a long low moan erupted from his mouth, it was the first time Bucky had ever kissed him. Tony couldn’t help but compare Bucky’s kiss to Steve’s as the soldiers tongue delved into his mouth. Where Steve was soft and sweet, Bucky was possessive and demanding. He kissed Tony as if it was his last chance to kiss anyone and he never wanted to stop, not even to breath. When Tony sucked on the tongue invading his mouth he pulled another moan from Bucky, as well as a more insistent thrust forward causing Tony to echo with a moan of his own.
Tony looked up at Barnes, feeling somewhat uncertain but hiding it. He’d been feeling uncertain ever since Steve had moved to reveal all of Bucky to Tony. Unconsciously Tony had been avoiding ever looking at Bucky’s body to closely.  So even though he’d walked in on him with Steve multiple times, he’d never actually seen the man’s dick before. Looking at it now, well Tony was never a size queen and Steve at 9 inches was the biggest Tony had ever had. Seeing that Bucky was a lot thicker and at least 4 inches longer had Tony hesitant to continue. Not willing to back down or show he was nervous, Tony as usual used sarcasm to hide his apprehension about the very large cock pressing against his opening. Giving a fake yawn Tony told Bucky, “Go ahead and try your best Rambo, I’ll try not to fall asleep before you’re done.”
Nat’s eyebrows went up slowly with her mouth following the same path to a smirk. “Have to say, I did not see that coming. Never would of thought you’d need help in that particular department.”
But of course, no one wants someone they have to convince to have sex with them all the time. Of course Steve wanted a boyfriend that would just look at him and not be able to keep from climbing him like a tree. All of which Steve now got in spades with Bucky. The distance between Tony and Steve happened gradually. The first couple of weeks Steve managed to split his time between the two men pretty well when they weren’t all together. It was fairly easy with Bucky now staying in the penthouse of the Tower with them. The first time Tony saw Steve slipping through his fingers was when Bucky came up from the gym, still sweaty from his work out and gazed heatedly at Steve before licking his lips. Steve flushed beside where he and Tony were cuddling on the sofa. He barely kissed Tony goodbye tripping over himself to follow Bucky after the soldier announced he was going to shower.
Reaching back Tony grabbed Bucky’s hips to stop their movement, knowing he wouldn’t be able to concentrate with Bucky moving inside him. Tony knew exactly what would make Steve lose control, the things that never failed to make the man forget everything but the feel of Tony’s mouth around his cock. Feigning as if he didn’t feel the signaled tug Steve had given him, Tony quickly drove Steve to the point of coming in his mouth. He sucked as hard as he could, creating a vacuum around the hard length as he bobbed back and forth a few times. Once he heard Steve yell, “God Tony, hmmm honey, you gotta, fuck baby you’re gonna…” only to break off, Tony pushed him over the edge. He scraped his teeth softly along the vein underneath Steve’s dick as he tongued the slit. Steve had always liked the added feeling of little teeth and had told Tony before that his tongue in the slit of his cock always made him cum. It made Steve think Tony was chasing the cum he wanted, as if Tony was trying to dig in and find it. This time was proved to be no different as Tony soon felt Steve cock jerk, pulsing as it began filling his mouth.
would have been angry at Tony’s obvious doubt in their abilities. Steve however would never exude anything but a calm demeanor. “You wouldn’t since no one explains anything about Rare Subs anymore. You’re the only level that gets it,” He smirked asking, “I’m sure you can guess why that is, can’t you Tony?”
Bucky continued painting pictures of himself with Tony, moving Steve toward an impending climax he knew he’d never felt before.
Tony gave him an over the top look of gloom. “I’m talking about how you’ve been sneaking out of here every day to see this ‘Sam’ character. Is it because I’m older? That’s it isn’t it, you’re trading me in for a younger model.”
After asking a few questions, Steve deemed him skilled enough to handle cutting up the vegetables. He placed one in front of Tony, explaining exactly how he wanted them sliced before leaving him to his work. Steve moved around him, gathering and putting together ingredients as he mixed them into the pot on his stove.
Steve’s orgasm surprised him as he gave a squeaked moan that became a long loud grunt, followed by a steady stream of apologies to Tony. As Steve collapsed on the bed beside them Bucky pulled Tony’s mouth off of him as they both looked to Steve. “Sorry Tony, I uh, guess Steve will take care of you later?”
Bucky finally took pity on him when his leg began to jump instead of twitch and his loud cries became squeals. Most likely knowing it would take a moment for Tony’s legs to work again, Bucky carried him over to the hot tub. Settling Tony on his feet to lean his hip against the top edge of the pool’s structure, Bucky looked into the water before looking to Steve as if just making a realization. “Damnit, can’t believe I forgot…” Shaking his head as he appeared devastated glancing between both Steve and Tony Bucky said, “Can’t believe I forgot to bring them.”
“Oh I’ll make you come sweetheart, at least twice before this is all over.”
Tony heard Bucky chuckle darkly before he gave a shuddered yell when Bucky thrust in rapidly twice before going back to his pace. “Wanted to show how this position gives me complete control of Tony. I move out of him slowly,” Tony whimpered before he moaned high at Bucky’s forward movement, “Thrust back into him hard.” Steve stared intently at them as though trying to memorize every motion as he nodded, “You can really get him to loosen up around you like this. Just keep rocking myself into him, pumping through these tight muscles until they give.”
Bringing their heads together Steve said, “God Bucky, I didn’t know sweetheart. I’d never have… Didn’t know that’s how he made you feel.”
Pinning him with a hard stare Tony asked, “How did you do it? How did you put me to sleep when I’m never able to rest like that? Even Rhodey and Pepper have never been able to help me sleep when I’m that far gone…” Steve finally put his pencil down and focused on Tony, continuing growing more agitated with each word he said. “…And why the hell are you even down here? Just because I let you help once doesn’t mean I’ll submit to you. I’m not your damn Sub so why the fuck are you always around?”
It was the last straw, he would’ve swam through lava to quench burning inside him, driving Tony insane for the last few days. Hearing Bucky say he would completely shattered the last of Tony’s resistance. Closing the tiny space between them, Tony leaned to press his lips to Bucky’s opening his mouth to the other man. After Tony’s acceptance was given with his initial kiss the soldier took over completely. Bending down he easily lifted Tony’s legs to wrap around his waist as he turned to press the engineer against the wall.
”Mostly?” Tony asked before he thought better. He needed to get Steve off the phone quickly and this would not help.
Hand still moving slowly over his erection, Bucky smirked down cockily at Tony. “I told you not to worry, I know exactly how to take care of you doll.” He let go of his cock to reach down and clutch each of Tony’s ankles in his hands. “I know what you’ve been missing, what you’ve been aching for sweetheart.” Tony slid forward as Bucky pulled him to the bed’s edge. Bucky lay each leg against his chest while Tony’s ankles occupied the space on each shoulder. Tony watched as he began leaning forward, bringing Tony’s knees to his chest and folding Tony in half. Reaching down Bucky said, “What you been needing baby, is me.” Tony’s toes began curling in anticipation at the sensations Bucky’s cock elicited when he felt it just outside where he wanted it.. “And I’ll give it to you till you can’t take anymore.”
It was practically evening when Jarvis finally notified Tony she was finally alone in the gym so he could talk to her. Not wanting to miss his chance after waiting all day, Tony practically ran to the training floor at full speed. When he got there, racing up to a worried looking Natasha, he had to catch his breath before he could get anything out.
His voice was rough and coarse as he pleaded with Bucky. “Please Bucky… Need you. Don’t make me wait anymore, please…”
Tony had been avoiding Bucky. He wasn’t lying to Steve, he really didn’t blame the man for what Hydra had him do, but Tony didn’t know if that would hold up once the soldier was in front of him. At night after Steve and Tony finished making love, Steve would give Tony updates on what was going on in the compound. It had come up that Bucky felt Tony blamed him for his parents’ death but Tony didn’t want to deal with it yet. He chose to evade the issue never realizing how much time had passed without meeting Steve’s best friend. Resolving to make it up to him, Tony determined he needed to make Bucky feel as comfortable as possible while he was here.
Steve’s tone was unyielding and completely firm, telling Tony he meant every word he said. “I can and will when they touch things that don’t belong to them.”
He knew Steve was about to tell them he didn’t feel comfortable with Bucky and Tony sleeping together. With the way Tony moaned and cried out for him, Bucky honestly wasn’t sure if he could that. Wasn’t sure he could ever stop being with Tony now that he’d felt how good it was breaking him open on his dick.
The next 3 days passed for Tony in a chaotic blur. Waking in Bucky’s bed hours later, Tony couldn’t believe what he had done. Guilt at cheating on Steve weighed heavily on him, but heat settled low in his groin as well feeling Bucky’s body clutching his. Tony’s endeavor to sneak out of the room proved unsuccessful when Bucky woke as well laying Tony on his back. He wished he could say he put up a fight, that he did anything at all to stop the man, but Tony didn’t. He stayed there and let Bucky do whatever he wanted as long as he was filling Tony again. Bucky drove into him, taking Tony to the ecstasy he sent him to the night prior.
For the first time, Tony was surrounded in the feeling of love, and he never wanted to come back down from it.
going to follow me upstairs to do
Tony realized what he meant as Bucky’s hips began trying to work his dick a little deeper into Steve. After a few moments Steve whimpered in pain for Bucky to stop even though he hadn’t gotten much further. Rolling his hips back, Steve began to moan again in pleasure instead. “Maybe we can try… Uh, fuck Bucky yes… A little each time we’re together.”
It was just an oddly timed accident he came the moment he imagined Bucky’s cock filling him.
He saw Tony shudder as he moaned low, moving on shaky limbs to straddle Bucky’s legs. Once he was in place, Bucky held his dick up for Tony and turned back to Steve. “What is it that you want us to talk about Stevie?”
“But…” Tony sputtered giving Steve a playful wounded look, “My shoulders, attention remember. You have to show attention to attention junkies, it’s attention junky rule number 1.”
Looking a Steve confused, Tony wondered what he was about to ask. “No problem Steve, you know you can ask me anything.”
Tony stared at him in disbelief, not wanting to hope for what Steve was saying but unable to deny the confidence he spoke in. “How… How can you, how would you…”
Steve looked down at Tony, eyes still hazy with desire when both of them were surprised by Bucky’s voice. “Come here Stevie.”
Tony always missed Steve when he was gone on long missions. He always slept better with the other man beside him; the nightmares only coming once or twice a week. The only silver lining to Steve leaving was that sex wouldn’t be an issue for a few days. Tony had given him a blowjob last night and pretended he was too tired when Steve tried to reciprocate. Hopefully when he returned, whatever it was going on with Tony would be over and they could get back to normal.
Chuckling Bucky said, “I’m going to guess the word you’re looking for is fucking.”
Bucky’s hands unlaced behind his neck releasing to lower Tony’s arms back to the edge. “I always give him what he needs,” Tony felt hands grab the inside of his knees pulling his legs to extend out of the water towards Steve. “Need you to hold his legs up Stevie, I’m going to concentrate on tunneling in these areas back here.”
Any longer and Tony was going come, he was so close the smallest brush across him would have done it. Because of this, he was simultaneously grateful and angry at the interruption when the Avengers alarm sounded. Steve jumped, rising marginally to lean over and grab his phone from the coffee table. Tony followed after him at a slower pace, his movements slightly uncoordinated because of his arousal.
“So you were seriously that small and that sick all the time before? How in the world did you even survive long enough to take the serum…?” Tony gave an exaggerated shudder from where he was stretching beside Steve, the others spread throughout the training room doing the same. “Modern medicine in your day was a joke and God, don’t get me started about the tech.”
Everyone felt the change in their relationship the next morning. Tony awoke slowly, blinking his eyes open to take in where he was. His sleep addled brain took a moment to make out the body beside his as Steve quickly enough, it was the body on top him that was causing Tony confusion. When he turned his head and registered that it was Bucky’s body trapping his own to the bed, the night before came rushing back to him. Bucky had kept good on his promise and had kept fucking Tony throughout the night bringing him to not one but two more orgasms. He barely remembered his body trembling from exhaustion and over stimulation when he finally just passed out and went to sleep with Bucky still moving inside him.
The team all filled Tony’s life in different ways, making the house he always had into a home finally. Those four never failed to bring Tony out of his slumps or his lab for that matter, except when he had noise in his head and the world became too much, then…
“Bucky,” Tony began but choked on the moan threatening to spill out making it hard to speak. He managed to get out the words, “I can’t, and Steve…We can’t,” when Bucky sat up sliding to the edge of the bed to stand.
Thor didn’t have orientation and was like a hilarious old uncle to Tony. He loved to see the other man coming, knew without a doubt what Thor would say was sure to be hysterical. Thor would always come to him with questions about ‘Midguardian’ things that confused him. Obviously, when he first tried to ask Steve these questions he’d get a mirroring look of consternation. His day to day inquiries would range from “Who is this Maury Povich Midguardian’s speak of and why is he telling men if they are fathers? Does he have magic of some kind to know these things?” to “I wish to use my StarkPhone and call my fair Jane but cannot seem guess the correct code to unlock it,” or Tony’s personal favorite so far, “Darcy spoke of some felching attraction and how Jane should take part, what is this amusement and how can I assist Jane in doing so?”. Thor ended up having to ask Natasha the last one because Tony couldn’t stop laughing long enough to answer him.
Tony eyebrows rose as he gave Steve a mocking glare attached to a condescending smile. “I’d only obey someone’s orders for two reasons Cap and this doesn’t apply to either. This isn’t the battlefield and you’re definitely not my Dom so fuck off, you can’t tell me what to do. If you’ll kindly see yourself to the door,” Tony said stretching out his hand towards it, “I was in the middle of something.”
“Yeah, hmmm… I, uh, Damn, Ahh, I don’t know where he learned those moves… But, Uhh, know it wasn’t from you.” Bucky chuckled out darkly, “The way kept popping his ass up on me every time he went down is definitely not something you’d have thought of. Nah, something tells me he’s only moved around like that for me. Is that right Tony, you ever use those moves on Steve?”
Tony turned back to his work telling Jarvis to blast his music louder than normal. He hoped this would get the Dom to retreat, or at the very least piss him off a little. As for Steve’s last words, Tony said he wouldn’t give Steve the satisfaction of giving it anymore thought.
Steve chuckled lightly as he slapped Tony’s ass making him yelp. “Be good, let your Dom sleep for a little longer like a nice little submissive.”
Steve wrapped his arm around Tony letting the man drift further into his arms. “Bucky gives the best foot massages. Promise you’ll feel 10 times better once he’s done.”
the last of that control from you. If you want to be mine sweetheart, the only thing I need is your permission to do just that.” Steve smirked in confidence. “Like I said before, there’s no part of you I’m not dominant enough for. All I need you to do is trust me.”
When Tony finished, he wanted to sag in both revulsion and relief. The first because of how much he’d told Steve by the time he was done, the second because Steve was again right. He did feel as if a weight had been lifted off of him for the first time in 16 years. Tony didn’t even register the stray tear that fell until Steve’s hand cupped his face, thumb brushing it away.
"Tony told me." He says simply. I look down knowing what he meant. He takes my hand in his, toying with the edge of my sleeve. "Can I see?" He asks, blue eyes already shining with unshed tears. I nod slightly and he does exactly the same to what the brunette had done not 6 hours earlier. Steve hadn't actually seen the damage though. He'd just seen the bloodied bandages and a few slashes sticking from out of the bottom.
"Oh yeah. I'm not even drunk. Come on let's go down before Nat comes up here." I pull my girl out of the insanely comfortable double bed in the guest room. I strip down to my bra and panties, looking for the hoodie that I packed.
"Speaking of dinner, what do you guys want?" My stomach starts churning at the mere thought of food.
"Hawk, 12 o'clock." Peter understands what I'm trying to tell him because we both slide to the left a little. Clint comes crashing out of the vents, his eyes searching the crowd of kids until they land on us.
"Yup. What you got for us?" He hands us a book and we start to flick through. MJ's finger stops on a certain song and I nod at her.
"It's easy. Basic chemistry. That's the sort of stuff we learnt in seventh grade." Mom stalks over to us, ripping the device from dad's hand.
"I know baby. I'm sorry. It's just been so crazy. Why don't you come round one day. I really want them to meet you."
"Pete literally no one is disagreeing with you, MJ, crank it up!!" The three of us are driving down the highway, Peter driving, MJ in the passenger side and I'm in the middle of the back seats. The radio is playing on some sort of a time machine channel and some childhood hits are playing. The next song starts to play causing me and Michelle to groan in displeasure.
"Hey baby." Her voice was smooth like velvet and she kisses my forehead. I notice a person behind her, staring at us both with adoration. I pull away from Natasha, getting slightly into a fighting stance, my right hand on the arm of my gun, ready to fire if needs be. The red head notices this and puts her hand on my arm.
"I." sob. "I'm sorry." Hiccup. "I deserve it. It's all my fault." Tony grabs me once again.
"Your tour is over. I think you should leave now." Nobody dared argue with Captain America. Once everyone, except Wade and MJ, had left dad and papa start grilling us about Flash.
"Don't make promises you can't keep Pete." I shoot back at him, hugging myself, curling inwards slightly, moving away from him. I was soon ushered inside by my father's and sat in a chair, leaning my head on Loki's shoulder as his fingers tangled in my now short curls. A woman in an all-black pantsuit holding a clipboard comes into the waiting room, her heels clicking behind me.
"What do you mean Lady Tyler?" Thor asks, his head tilted to the side.
"Great, 4 things you can touch."
"Tyler." Steve says gently. I flinch at the name. I know it's stupid, it's my name but, it doesn't half bring back some memories.
"What are we doing babe?" I ask. He looks at me wide eyed.
Moan. Grunt. Moan. Groan. 'Urgh. Really guys?' I get pulled out of my not so peaceful slumber by noises that aren't mine. 'But wait, their room is all the way down the hall, it can't be them.' I jump out of bed and open my door, standing in the hall, listening for the noise again. Groan. "No. No. No. Please. No. Stop." I cautiously open the door to the guest room, careful not to make it creak. Bucky. It's just Bucky. But he isn't awake.
15. Don't fight against punishment/ don't argue back.
"Yes they do doll. Don't worry. I'll protect you. I promise." That's the last thing I heard before everything went dark.
"You ready to go Kiddos." Nat asks, coming over to us, heels in hand.
"Then with the power invested in me, I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss the bride." Dad spins mom before dipping her into a kiss. Everyone is cheering the newly wedded couple as they run back down the aisle, everyone else following. The 4 of us clamber into an old time 50's car with a banner that said 'Just Married' on the back. Off to the reception we go.
And my nose
"Well then let's get you out of here."
"Coming Mom!" I yell down the stairs, stuffing my feet inside of my sneakers and grabbing my phone before sliding down the banister of the stairs. Mom shakes her head at me, pushing her phone into the clutch she was holding.
"Children. I'm surrounded by children." We both laugh and start to really annoy him.
Surrounded by enormous piles of money
I'm the same old trouble that you've always been through
"We will continue this conversation at home, this isn't the time nor the place."
"I don't need to do shit." I respond, getting defensive. Mom glares at both of us.
"What can we say about Tyler?" Bruce starts, looking around the room.
"Tyler! Hurry up. You're going to be late!" Steve shouts from the kitchen. I grab my shoes and shove my feet into them, not bothering with the laces.
"Miss Tyler, you appear to be in distress. Shall I call the boss?" Jarvis' voice breaks through the silence of the room, scaring me, forcing more tears to roll down my face. I shake my head no but he doesn't listen. A few moments later I hear footsteps coming towards my room. The wooden door cracks open silently. I pay no attention until I feel hands running through my hair. Leaning into the touch, the pounding in my head eases slightly. Another lot of footsteps. Somebody stands by my head and kneels down. I tense and my breathing stops. Tony. It's just Tony. I relax as he holds up a box of paracetamol and a glass of water. With the help of Steve, I get into a sitting position and take the glass into my shaking hands, swallowing the pills no bother and resting my sweaty forehead against his muscled chest. The pain relief seems to work almost instantly. I sigh as the pain just melts away. Tony glances at me.
In his heart, Steve knew none of this was real, but he very much wanted it to be.
“But you opened the door.”
There had been tears in Tony’s eyes at the end.
“Now that’s the Pepper I know,” Tony smiled. “I’m not too fond of heartless Pepper. She’s kind of mean – hot, but yeah, mean.”
“Surely you must know by now, Steve. The stone was entrusted to you.”
“Tony,” Steve gurgled, choking on blood. The right corner of his lips tugged upward into the shadow of a smile, and he forced his eyes open. The comforting, russet hue of Tony’s eyes pushed away all light, filling his vision. Steve found himself mesmerized by the gold flecks scattered throughout the brown irises, warm and liquid like the bold energy of stars that sketch constellations in the galaxy.
“No,” he gasped, pushing himself up from the ground. “No!”
“That’s all you need to know for now, Steve.”
Steve had lived through the night, and then through another, and another.
Steve forced himself to take a few bites of his eggs, and he took a drink from the cup of coffee that seemed to have manifested out of thin air. He stared at Peggy as she moved about the kitchen, piling an exorbitant amount of bacon on another plate. She was wearing a flattering red, shirtwaist dress adorned with black buttons. The calm air was filled with a soft staccato melody sung by the chunky, black heels she wore on her feet, and Steve found himself being lulled by the sound. The tension slowly bled from his muscles, and he offered Peggy an affectionate smile as she stacked a small mountain of bacon on his plate.
Steve was halfway across the field before he realized that he was running. There was a sharp tremor dancing in his fingers, and it doubled in intensity as the whine of Tony’s repulsors filled the air. In his mind’s eye, he could clearly see the glove of the Iron Man suit pointed at his chest. Steve’s steps stuttered, but he managed to right his footing before he fell on his face.
“Cap – Steve!”
“Not many are willing to give me a dual role of life and death,” Tony-dupe explained. It reached out and loosened the hard grip that Steve had on his biceps, encouraging him to rest his arms at his sides. “Most regard me as an infinite end, a complete loss of being. But really, all I am is a guide.”
Steve knew it was time to send them onward with T’Challa so they could prepare for the final volley he saw brewing on the horizon. He gnashed his teeth and pulled his right wrist toward his mouth. “It’s time,” Steve rasped, speaking into the mouthpiece embedded in the cuff of his glove.
“Why, individuals play a big part in this decision,” Tony-dupe offered, tilting its head. “And that, my darling, is why you are here.”
“I need to keep my mind busy.”
The action bought Steve enough time to punch the hand away from Iron Man’s location. Thanos quickly recovered and smacked Steve away like a fly, sending him soaring into a steadfast tree line. Steve crashed into a thick tree trunk, his weight splintering the top half beyond recognition. Sharp fragments pierced the exposed skin on his neck and arms, drawing blood.
“You know me, Steve,” it insisted, reaching out to take Steve’s hand. Steve wasn’t sure why he allowed the move, and he watched as Tony’s double unfurled his clenched fingers and pressed his open palm to its chest. The cold sensation that seeped into his pores froze the simmering anger burning in Steve’s veins, and he could feel it settle into the joints of his bones. He’d felt this energy before.
see one another again because Clint had left his belongings in the Tower, and if Clint was coming back, Tony knew that Natasha would eventually follow. Banner had chosen to take everything he owned when he’d run off into the night, which had been an obvious message stating he didn’t want to be found. Bruce’s silent departure had stung in a way Tony had yet to process, as had Cap’s. Steve hadn’t even bothered to stop by the Tower. He’d just vanished into the void without a word.
“Our…little joy?” Steve croaked.
“Steve.”
“It’s not your fault, Cap,” Tony croaked. He pressed flat hands against his outer thigh. “Pepper and I, well, things have been rough. She wanted a new life, a fresh start, and I tried to give it to her, but I just…couldn’t.” A bitter chuckle rumbled in his chest. “We’ve been in Texas for a little over five months now, and she never really unpacked her suitcases. I should’ve known with just that, but yeah, I didn’t want to see it.”
Tony-dupe laughed, the sound rich and vibrant, and even though he knew the entity wasn’t Tony, it mimicked his velvety laugh perfectly. The sound washed over Steve, soothing his aching heart. It had been a long time since he’d heard his friend express happiness.
Steve placed a gentle touch to the older woman’s arm as she poured out two glasses of Sauvignon Blanc wine. “Thank you, Elise.”
A wet rattle vibrated in her lungs, and the sound set Steve’s nerves on fire. He had to get her out now.  Steve palmed the crown of Natasha’s head and held her close for a few heartbeats, knowing she would understand that he was saying goodbye.
The boy sniffed and gave Steve a bewildered look, rubbing his nose. “You all right, Pops?”
“I-I’m not - I can’t leave you, Steve!”
He heard Pepper sigh and move away from the window. Her heels made no sound as she walked to stand in front of him, and Tony noted that her face was dry. She gave him a long, assessing look that stirred his insides, and he braced himself for the impact of her decision.
The smoky trill of a clarinet kissed the tips of Steve’s ears, rousing him from deep sleep. Bronze eyelashes fluttered open, revealing a pair of sleepy, blue eyes that automatically turned toward the warmth of the morning sun. Steve blinked, long and slow, and rubbed his face into his pillow. He tugged a cashmere blanket up around his shoulders and was greeted with the scent of fresh laundry. A contented sigh tumbled from his lips, and he greedily inhaled the comforting apple-mango aroma.
“Attempt?”
“N-no, not yet,” Tony choked, giving Steve’s body a light shake. “Steve, stay with me! Strange, do something!”
“Why am I not good enough, Tony?”
“Uh, guys,” a voice chimed in, “should you really be fighting right now?”
“Aww, mom, I already washed them!”
“And how are people…sorted? Are you saying that you’re responsible for deciding on who goes to heaven and who goes to hell?”
An electric current suddenly raked its claws across Steve’s skin, digging its nails into the vulnerable sides of his bruised torso. Steve’s nostrils filled with ozone. He recognized that magic was the cause behind the energy, and he braced himself to meet the caster. Steve shook his head, and the action loosened the beads of sweat sitting in the hairs of his tired brows. Large drops rained down his face, mining through layers of grime, desperation, and resolve.
Steve took in a ragged breath.  “Take Stark and go, Queens!” he commanded, his voice breaking at the end. A chorus of voices rushed over the comm line.
“Who does?”
“Don’t mind, Pep, Steve. She’s had a few rough months.”
Steve was only a few yards away when a large, metallic hand punched Iron Man out of the sky. Tony fell, hard and heavy, and Steve’s ears were filled with the sickening crunch of metal grating against compacted soil. There was no doubt that the metallic hand was indeed the infamous gauntlet.
“Where’s the fire, buddy?”
“Just where am I going to send THE Captain America? A heaven? A hell? Or someplace else?”
“Tony, what are you-”
Peggy was standing in front of a stainless-steel stove, humming along with Dorothy Lamour. She glanced back and offered him a warm smile before flipping the two eggs that she was frying in the pan. Peggy jumped back with a giggle as oil splashed into the air. She let the eggs sit and cook for a long minute before she slid them onto an olive, ceramic plate.
Steve’s nostrils flared. “I’m not having this conversation with you. You’re not even Tony. You wouldn’t understand.”
“Your soul chose this place to take a breather for a reason, Steve,” Tony-dupe interrupted. “Your job is to figure out why. When you do that, we’ll sit down and have a chat about your hereafter, yeah?” He offered Steve a playful wink and sauntered toward the back door. “But don’t worry, you’ll have backup, Spangles. I mean, you’re all still friends at heart, right? Never fear, Steve, you’ll be interacting with the real deal.”
“Well good morning, my darling,” she greeted, walking over to hand Steve the plate. “I was wondering when you were going to get out of bed. It’s not like you to sleep so late.”
Steve stepped out into the hallway and brushed off the feeling of déjà vu that pressed against his skin. Someone had taken a page from Nick Fury’s spy playbook, and it was the wrong move to make. He hadn’t been fooled the first time, and he damn sure wasn’t buying what the creator of this play world was peddling for this round. His hand cupped the banister to his right, and he took a moment to appreciate the smooth finish of the cedar beneath his fingertips. This world had managed to capture Clint’s fine craftmanship, which was an amazing feat.
See the storm is broken, in the middle of the night.
“What? You’re not intruding, Captain,” Tony assured, ushering his comrade inside. He took note of the ragged state of Steve’s clothing, and the dark circles practically tattooed under the man’s eyes. Wherever Steve had been wandering, whatever battles Captain America had been fighting, it had taken a toll on Tony’s friend.
that set his heart on fire.
Tony hated projects with time limits– there was always so much expectation attached to deadlines. Pepper was expecting a complete end to the horrors that had plagued their lives for the last few months, but she was in for a rude surprise. Trauma has a way of sticking to a person after he or she experiences a tragedy, and while Tony sometimes envied the rose colored glasses that seemed to be super-glued to Pepper’s face, he knew that Father Time had no liking for them. Sooner or later, his girlfriend would be forced to face the bitter truth – there was no going back to once was for either one of them.
“I-what do I need to do?”
“Shock phase?”
Peggy jabbed Steve in the chest with the toes of her right foot. “Yes, your son.” Her eyes flicked behind him. “Isn’t that right, Poppet?”
“Most believe Death to be a male. You know, Grim Reaper get-up and all that – somehow the image of an overflowing black robe screams penis to the populace, and I’m not sure why. But you, what you picture in your mind when you think of me, well, I must say, Steve, it’s flattering.”
Steve’s mind reached out to the orange fire that had encased his heart, and he welcomed it into the deepest part of himself. A flash of green touched his vision before it was swallowed by complete darkness, and Steve felt his body spasm in Tony’s tight embrace.
“You bent the chair again, Pops,” Alaric laughed, skipping out of the kitchen. “Dad’s goin’ to have a bird! He’s going to buy replacements from IKEA and make you put them together without instructions!”
The silence that filled the house after Pepper’s departure was thick and heavy, and it squeezed the breath from Tony’s lungs. He’s not sure how long he stood in the center of his room, combing through the fibers of the blue carpet with an empty gaze, but it must have been a while. The sound of someone clearing a throat snapped him out of his morose reverie.
“My, my,” Peggy mused. “This is an interesting development.”
“Steve! Stand down!”
“Cold, black coffee with a side of bacon and eggs – the breakfast of American icons! It suits your old man style, Spangles,” Tony quipped, setting the chipped, ceramic cup on the table. He wiggled his naked toes in Steve’s lap.
“Rogers, answer me!” he cried, his voice raw and desperate. “Stevie, you answer me right now goddamnit! I’m almost there!”
Steve was halfway through his serving of salmon when he suddenly put down his fork and turned a warm gaze towards Tony’s direction. His blue eyes were less guarded than they had been at first glance, and Tony couldn’t help but wonder what he had done to earn that small reward of trust in such a short time.
The room felt familiar, but there was an eerie energy crawling through the shadows, watching Steve through the floorboards. The room was real, and yet, it wasn’t, and the feeling made Steve’s skin crawl. This was a test – he could feel it in his bones.
Steve’s mouth fell open and he stared at Tony-dupe with wide eyes. “What does that mean?” he wheezed. “What are you saying?”
"Are we just going to ignore the fact that it came with a shield pillow?" Clint asks.
"What's yours?"
Steve, with his hair glistening like a halo, his skin slick and golden. On his knees, practically worshipping Tony like a suppliant at the altar.
Steve strokes Tony’s arm, his touch far lighter than one would expect from a soldier; he touches Tony like he’s something to be treasured, with the soft, exploring hands of an artist. Of a lover.
"All jokes aside, I'm thankful for you guys, all of you," she says. "Who knows where we'd be without the Avengers." She sticks out her hand for them to shake and for a split second, nobody moves. Maybe it was the genuine gratitude in Carmen's voice, or the others were still trying to process Carmen's
“Gone?”
“I got a little held up,” he had replied softly, taking in the sight of her.
“Absolutely not,” Tony said as soon as he saw him. “The tower isn’t a kennel, Steve.”
Once again, I'm sorry this chapter took forever but I can officially say I'm done with Act One and we're now moving into Act Two! I'm so happy you guys are loving the story so far (although you might not like today's chapter lol) but trust me it gets better. The next couple of chapters there's going to be a switch up in point of views but you guys will see Steve again soon, I promise. You all know the drill! Comments and kudos are much appreciated! Follow me on
Retreating back to my impersonalised room, I change into a Captain America shirt which I'm pretty sure was Pete's but I didn't give it a second thought as I pulled my (or Peter's again) Stark Industries jacket on over the that to cover my arms. The scars. The memories. I quickly shook my head. 'I don't have time for this' I think, pulling my hair out is the scrunchie, brushing it through with my fingers and putting some last minute concealer on the fading bruise on my left cheek.
"Me too. Goodnight mom."
Time skip: 3 months later.
"Did Pete give you those permission slips?"
"I am well and truly saved." I smile at the adorable scene in front of me before turning my attention back to the adults.
"Stark." They glare for a little longer before 'Buck' turns to face us, his smile back on his face.
"Yeah, that sounds nice." Bucky agrees "Steve?"
"Loki." I run into his arms as he stands to greet me. He holds me tightly and kisses my forehead as I let go.
"Safe? Safe. Okay. Let's talk about that for a moment." He begins to yell and Natasha holds me tighter. I make eye contact with Clint and he walks over to us, crouching in front of me and placing a hand on my knee.
"This isn't a decision for you to make Tyler now please calm down."
"And for the last hour, we have a Meet and Greet with the Avengers so please, take a seat." Once again, they all race to be at the front whereas we claim the small cluster in the far corner.
"You okay tiger? Jarv said that you went a little funny."
"Sorry, can I steal your date for a moment?" He asks the tall brunette. I kiss her cheek as we pull away from each other.
"Sure you didn't birdbrain." I shoot back with an eye roll. He grasps at his chest like he's been shot.
"Peter." I moan, reaching for the tablet.
America's Ass.
"Okay." I pull her in for a hug, not letting go until the hour session was up. In the end I was prescribed: Antidepressants, sleeping pills, pills to make me hungry so I eat and some weird herbal remedy shit to calm me down. God I hope this shit works.
"Yeah, why not." I say, keeping my cool. All three men laugh at me and Peter wraps me up in a hug. I hug him back just as tight. 'Let's get out of this shit hole.' I think.
"Thank you." I whisper. I pull away and speak loud enough for both of them to hear.
"So, when did you know?" Nat asks awkwardly picking at her fries. I swallow my mouthful of cheeseburger and think for a while.
"Whoever be worthy shall haveth the power!! Come on man it's a trick." I laugh at the archers impression of the God of thunder.
"Have Tony or Steve told you about what happened before I was in the orphanage?" They both shake their heads. 'This is going to be fun.'
"Thanks Happy." I say as I hop out of the vehicle. 'urgh. I can't be bothered with the elevator. Or the stairs. Wait. You can fucking teleport you twat.' I think to myself. How did I forget that. I teleport myself to the penthouse, right in the centre of the kitchen. Where Steve happened to be. On a totally unrelated note, he screams like a little girl.
"Goodnight."
"For once, I agree with her on this one." Like always, I pull open my locker and grab my growing collection of homework that is all due on Monday. Great. We walk out of the school in a line, the boys still talking about the trip and me and MJ talking about Pepper Potts.
Steve sank his teeth into Tony’s side, causing a long low moan to emanate from Tony’s throat. “You sure about that, sure you can give yourself what you need better than I can sweetheart. Mhmm, well since you so sure you know what’s best then okay. Tell me what you think you need and I’ll give it to you.”
Bucky followed Tony over not soon after the other man came. Feeling the smaller man tighten around his cock moaning yes he was Bucky’s, caused his control to break flooding Tony’s with his cum.  Thrusting into Tony a few more times, Bucky groaned at the feel of Tony’s body milking his cock.
. I’ll take the couch when I get back from the gym. I’ll only be gone for about 30 minutes but if you feel anything call me immediately, I meant it Tony.”
Bucky’s question heightened his pleasure to the point he stammered all over his words. “I, Um, no… We don’t, uh, go… God yeah, right there… He doesn’t, uh, go hard… Ahhh keep going, Umm, like you come… Wanted to, shit... fuck, don’t stop… Uhh, knew you’d, God yes, Uhhh… want to see… fuck, yes Bucky, right there… had to use… Hmmm, my best, uh, moves to Umm… To take you down.”
Steve grabbed Tony’s ankles to hold them out beside Tony’s head. “Like this, or do I need to move them?”
Steve let out a roaring laugh as Bucky walked in the living room, taking a seat at the other end of the couch. He leaned into the couch looking at the duo before asking, “Do I even want to know?”
Steve watched as Bucky hands roved all over Tony’s body, caressing every inch of his skin except the area between his legs. He saw Tony gasp when Bucky’s fingers threaded lightly across his nipples. Tony’s back arch as he moaned when Bucky licked over the apex of skin where Tony’s thighs met his hips. Steve felt himself growing desperately hard at Tony’s reactions, wanting to know exactly what Bucky did to elicit those responses. “Tell me what he’s doing that makes you moan like that honey. How  is he making you feel?”
He saw as Steve watched Tony began to slowly take Bucky inside him, the towel around his waist doing nothing to hide the hard dick underneath. “What,” he said gaze slipping back up to meet Bucky’s own and registered what he was asked and responded slowly, obviously distracted by what was going on. “Oh, um… it was supposed to be just once with you two. We should… Uh, talk about it… You know, if uh, you want to do it again. Set some… boundaries I guess.”
Bucky looked so distraught Tony didn’t know if this was an act or if he was seriously upset. “I forgot our swim trunks upstairs. Not even sure where I left them at…”
Tony wasn’t sure how to feel about any of this. Wasn’t sure what to think about Steve sitting in the chair across from the bed, his dick was so hard it was purple and leaking a steady stream of cum. His hands were gripping the chair arms so hard Tony could hear them cracking under the pressure. This wasn’t what was causing his current emotional and physical confusion. No, that was all due to Bucky Barnes and the words streaming out of his mouth while he was shattering Tony’s universe.
He gave her a petulant, “I could…” but cut himself off with a shrug saying, “Whatever.” She was
Tony felt his face grow hot as Steve unknowingly hit on the gaping wound he’d tried to hide from everyone since he was 17. It wasn’t common knowledge, and most people wouldn’t even know to go looking for it. Ever since he’d come across the old book telling him why he was so different from other sub’s, Tony had felt a rain cloud roll over him that had never left.
Steve smiled back, no doubt with the same thoughts, as his hand trailed against Tony’s cheek. “Good boy,” His smile widened as he felt Tony’s skin ripple beneath his fingers at the praise. “Use it if you need to baby. Other than that, you’re mine for the rest of the night. You’re gonna be my plaything and I’m gonna use you however I want.” Lowering his mouth to kiss and lick the skin of Tony’s jaw beside his ear he continued on saying, “But you feel free to make all the noise you need to while I get acquainted with every inch of my new toy.”
With that Bucky began to move again, not stopping when Steve interrupted to say, “Tony can only come once Bucky, so make it good for him.”
“What!? I…” Steve all but stammered but at them indignantly. “I’m not a virgin… Of course I’ve… For Christ sake Peggy and I were dating the entire time I was overseas!”
“Cap, I think it’s time you come clean with me…” Tony began after he sat down with his plate for dinner with the rest of the team. Steve looked up, expression concerned. “…Are you cheating on me with other friends?” Steve rolled his eyes with a sigh, “I’m serious Steve… This cuts me deep. We never said we had an open relationship, you don’t want to be exclusively with me?”
Staring down at Tony, Bucky raked a hand through Tony’s hair before gripping it to, jerking back his head. Tony’s mouth parted as he gasped, shiver rolling down his spine with the action. Bucky growled to him, “Take me out… Now, Baby.” Tony reached shaky hands up to undo Bucky’s belt and open his jeans. He took wrapped a hand around Bucky’s shaft to free it from its confines. Tony squeezed the large appendage in his hand to keep from moving as his gaze returned back to Bucky awaiting further instructions. Though he wanted to dive in, Tony knew how much it turned Bucky on having Tony under his control and following his orders.
Bucky dropped his head shaking it; Tony had been getting mediocre/bad sex for 3 years. “Christ Steve, you been sleeping with him for three years and that’s as crazy as you’ve gotten with him? You haven’t tried tying each other up, using toys, or, hell even fucking him outside in like… the pool or something?” Steve looked embarrassed again as he shook his head no. Well Damn, Bucky was surprised it took as long as it did for Tony to fall on his dick, when something even crazier occurred to Bucky. “Stevie… Was Tony your first?”
Tony was shocked when Bruce spoke not even lifting his head. “See that it doesn’t.” He hadn’t given any indication he’d been listening and Tony thought he hadn’t been paying attention. He did finally look up, staring over the rim of his glasses to Steve when he said, “I’d hate to let the other guy rip you to pieces after Nat’s had her fun.”
As Tony walked to the opposite side of the bar from Steve, he began to feel the effects of his consumption. He leaned over the bar, half to get the bartenders attention, the other half to steady himself from tipping over. Okay so
Tony sat in Bucky’s lap at the kitchen table under their massage pretense listening to Steve make pasta in the kitchen. He spoke over the bar giving the latest update of what was going on at the Avenger’s compound. Tony’s sweats were pulled down just under his ass as he gave Bucky the ‘dance’ he asked for. Tony had his arms taking his weight leaning over the table while Bucky leaned back in his chair hands at Tony’s shoulder. Glancing over, Tony saw Bucky’s eyes entranced in his lap, watching Tony roll ass up arching his back before coming around to arch the opposite way.
He probably should have paid more attention to the conversation that followed, but he just felt too good. As Steve spoke, Tony found himself drifting in and out, losing his focus on Steve to the complete satiation he felt. Normally Tony would have been able to do both and invent something new at the same time, but his mind was still a little fuzzy and hadn’t completely flipped back on. He did manage to get the basics of what Steve wanted and was able to give him a murmured, “Ok baby, no problem.”
Tony was so far gone, he looked confused at Steve’s words, it was as if he knew he was being told to wait but was trying to wrap his head around why. Wanting to clear up Tony’s confusion first, Bucky brought his hand to the other man’s chin saying, “Eyes on me sweet thing.” When he had Tony’s focus back he continued, “Told you what I wanted you to do honey, not get that sweet little ass up here and sit it on my dick.”
Looking red faced and embarrassed Steve stammered, “Uh, I was wanting to, um, get your advice about something but its, um… kinda, uh… damnit Buck,” Steve paused throwing up his hands then running one of them over his face. “I’m not even sure where to start…”
Rolling his eyes Tony repeated the safeword he’d told Steve days ago when they had their “safe, sane, consensual” conversation. “Clint,” Tony bantered back with a smile, recalling how he told Steve if he ever said the archer’s name in bed something was very, very wrong.
“… Not sure Nat appreciated it much. How are things going back there, Bucky’s behaving himself I hope?”
Tony had been wary of seeing Bucky again, afraid the man might stir up the same feelings he did before in front of Steve. He had been stiff as a board at dinner but had begun to relax as time progressed and nothing happened.  He was even able to watch a movie with the two men, laughing at Bucky throwing popcorn at him and Steve until the latter switched it to something he enjoyed.
Tony’s eyes grew wide at Steve’s words as he fumbled for any words that might keep Steve from saying what he thought he was about to. “Oh, uh, I thought you were cool with this. I mean, you were just with him yesterday, I just, don’t understand where this coming from? Do you want us to break up with him?”
Bucky continued licking Tony’s hardness with light teasing touches for a while before swallowing him down, relishing in the growing cries being pulled out of Tony. Glancing over to Steve after focusing for so long on Tony caused Bucky smirk around the cock in his mouth.  Bucky saw the man stroking his shaft, hand moving quickly along its length as he rapidly hurdled toward an orgasm. Pulling off Tony’s dick Bucky looked to him smiling arrogantly. “I know it feels good sugar but you need to tell Steve what you like so he can do it to remember?”
Lifting his hand and sitting up bringing their heads just a few inches apart from where Tony had been leaning down, Bucky said, “Here let me show you.” Gentler than Tony had expected, Bucky ran his fingers across the side of his neck just below his ear before his thumb settled right beside it. The rest of his hand had stopped to cup the back of Tony’s neck, fingers brushing each pressure point as he spoke softly. “There are pressure points here, here, and here, that can stop blood flow to the brain. If you apply pressure to all of them at the same time, your bad guy blacks out in less than a minute. Now it does take a certain amount of force,” Bucky continued, looking right into Tony’s eyes as he incrementally applied pressure causing the engineer’s lips to part slightly with an inaudible gasp, “But I’m sure you can handle it.”
On the fourth day after Steve had become his Dominant, Tony had reached the apex of his frustration and was ready to get help.
The reasoning that brought Tony to this moment, lying under Steve as he fucked Tony while Bucky held Steve’s hips driving into him above them both, Tony realized at that moment was complete insanity on his part. Tony stared into Steve’s face, seeing the man absolutely wrecked from the dual sensations. He squeezed around Steve’s dick, causing the man to groan loudly saying Tony and Bucky’s names. Knowing that he was a part of driving Steve to this point was the only thing keeping him hard. Tony was nowhere near coming but was trying his hardest to focus on Steve and enjoy the man being in him.
“Jazzywazzy101” - Your idea will show up in ch. 4. I was already done with 3 but really liked it and wanted to add it in anyway.
as he had originally intended, “…No matter how much I want things, I can’t have them. So in the end, it just… It just doesn’t even matter.”
“Thanks, I am pretty beat.” Steve laid his head back looking to Tony. “That ok, Tony? Know you love my hands,” Steve said smiling, “But I’m sure Bucky’s doing a great job.”
Steve chuckled quietly. “You should have thought of that before you decided to drink the entire bar. Had you listened to Nat you wouldn’t have a hangover.” Hands grazing delicately over Tony’s face he said, “She’s pissed at you by the way, open up.”
Tony opened his mouth to apologize and make the effort to turn away, but he was still frozen unable to do anything. His body refused to obey his mind and listen to reason as Tony tried to make himself leave. Bucky squeezed the head of his dick as he looked to Tony stammering his own apologies.
"Bucky? Come on man, wake up. You're scaring me." Bucky shoots up into a sitting position, glaring at me with empty eyes. These aren't the eyes that were smiling earlier. His metal hand reaches out and grabs my throat, pressing me up against the wall. My eyes widen in fear.
I'm brought back to reality by my treadmill coming to a halt and a pair of arms lifting me up. I sob into their shoulder. I recognise the scent, Steve. I quickly regain my composure and get on the treadmill once again, starting it up.
"1,2,3.
"Tyler? Pete? Can you come down please?" I hear Tony's voice yell up the stairs as I clung onto my brother for dear life, sobs racking through my body. He holds me tightly, whispering things in my ears in attempts to calm me. It doesn't work. I begin shaking even more. Footsteps approach.
"We'll go through rules and all that later but for now, let's go so you can see your rooms." I feel myself being picked up from behind and I tense. Looking around in horror, my chest becoming tight. I get placed back on my feet and Peter stands in front of me.
"What brought you here kid?" she asks.
Tell me why
"Pete, why don't you go and unpack whilst we talk to your sister." Peter looks at me, silently asking me if I'm okay with that.
"Can you blame me? You're never here! Peter would rather spend his time with Ned and MJ. Wade had to go and Fuck that Cheerleader didn't he? Dad and Papa are too busy arguing to see that I've not been taking my medication. My mom says she doesn't want to see me anymore because I'm too much work. I can't even remember the last time I was given a hug. And you expect me to be fine with that? Okay then. I'm fine. Fucking Fine. You can go. Go on pretending that I don't fucking exist. Everyone does anyway. I'm used to it." I turn my body to face Natasha, who wore a look of shock.
"Ah. Beautiful family of mine!" Tony says, coming out of the kitchen, wrapping us both in a hug.
