He sipped at the hot drink and wondered idly what kind of coffee Dean had gotten for him, looking at Crowley and wondering why he wasn't lying eviscerated on the floor yet.
"This is bullshit and he was fucking Chilean," Ash muttered dropping his hand back down so that he could snatch up his pills and toss them back, turning his head after he swallowed to stick his tongue out at Jo was standing in the cafeteria doorway and gave him a thumbs up when she saw that he had taken his meds. "Charlie if you win, you totally owe me a pizza party. You know it's a good idea."
Castiel glanced towards his bed, noticing for the first time a sheet of folded drawing paper propped up on his dented pillow with his name 'Cas' written in precise, blocky script. He crossed over and picked up the paper, pushing his glasses up his nose as he flipped it open to see a drawing of one of the plastic mugs that had been on his lunch tray. It was very realistic with shading and little lines of steam coming out of the top of the glass; a string for a tea bag was hanging loosely out of the glass with a little tag attached to the end. Torn sugar packets and spilled granules were sitting next to the cup along with a spoon that had moisture beading off the top, threatening to drip down onto the white page beneath it.
Now, Dean Winchester doesn’t believe in much of anything other than the bottom of the two dollar domestic long-neck that he’s swilling and maybe in the ability of the bartender, Jo, to make sure he stumbles his way down the street to his dump of an apartment after last call. Lord knows she’s done it enough times before so chances are even that she won’t just let him pass out on the peanut shell strewn floor.
"Nah, Adam and I will go when he gets back over here. Go on, lover boy." Jo said pushing him towards the stairs.
Dean was most scared of the last one. Because Jack couldn’t stop talking and he wasn’t sure Sam or Cas had it in them to turn on him. But oh man he’d hate himself so much if he never did this and it made him miss out on something great.
"Too many," Dean grumbled reluctantly, his face burning hot with shame when he thought of how many times he had promised Bobby he would be careful and just thrown it all out the window because of Cas. Not that he probably wouldn't do it again, but it still made him feel guilty in that way only disappointing someone he respected could make him feel. "You're not gonna tell Bobby, are you Sammy?"
"You told Kali I was here?" Castiel groaned, leaning heavily onto the counter beside them. "Why did you tell her?"
It was silent for a couple of seconds, more than long enough for what he had said to actually sink into his thick, stupid brain. There was no way they wouldn't know why he was here now; none of them were unintelligent not even Becky and Ash who did stupid shit (Crowley and mixing up their pills probably being the most stupid of the shit).
They were going to The Castro Theatre which was near where Jo and Jess lived over in Mission District, but for Dean it was a bit of a drive from where his own small apartment in Marina was, bordered by Presidio Park and the affluent areas of San Francisco with private beaches and houses that were more for show than actually living. The Neighbourhood was situated between their homes, in that weird area where Nob Hill almost bled into Pacific Heights but managed to stay on the more down to earth side of the 101.
“So ‘In Use’ for when you’re showering,” Dean cleared his throat and looked over at him again, he felt like the other man wanted to say something else but didn’t. “Or whatever and ‘Enter’ let’s everyone know that it’s empty and okay to go in. You would think they could’ve just put vacant up there, but that’s probably just too easy for the geniuses here.”
"Gabs and I have types, Dean." Sam replied rolling his eyes and unfolding himself from the vehicle. "And let's just say that show has something for everyone."
was playing and Dean mentally thanked Sam for picking a station that all of them could stand listening to, he would probably wait to change it back to his preferred rock station until after his family's visit was over. "Now what are you in the mood to eat?"
Maybe it would give him the push he needed to ask Dean out on a real life date outside of this place regardless of what his family may think. God, the things Michael would say about how alive being around Dean made him feel. His eldest brother would call him reckless and impetuous for tarnishing his reputation with some coming out scandal, but how he felt about Dean had nothing to do with his family or their social standing.
Dean smiled blearily at his beer. Cas was special. And smart. And funny. And, god, when he did that tilting thing with his head, he was just so fucking cute.
His hands had been itching all night with the urge to pull out his phone and closet himself away somewhere so that he could have his freak out in private with Dean's gruff soothing voice talking him through it in that same no-nonsense way he had done when he had been trying to fight the smile off of his face before he had thrown the frying pan Castiel had ruined into the trash and just poured bowls of cereal for the both of them for breakfast instead. They should have talked about this, made plans about what they would do and how they would see each other once Crowley showed up because now it felt like he would never be able to see Dean again and that panic was worse than any stage-fright he had ever gotten in his life.
"I know," He heard his friend reply pushing her hand away and crossing his arms over his chest. "I just feel bad, like I need to make it up to him for everything being so awkward. He didn't even want to be in the locker room with me earlier, Meg."
He ran his fingers through Dean's short hair, scratching at his scalp and tugging at the strands in an effort to urge the other boy on because he had been needing to feel his boyfriend inside of him all week, but they hadn't had sex since Christmas Eve, just kissed and held each other because he knew that it wasn't what Dean had needed when he had shown up pale and drawn looking after getting John home and into bed before returning to sleep next to Castiel.
Dean clenched his fists at his side as Meg's gaze flicked over to him, a sly smirk settling on her face as she pulled Castiel by the edge of the navy blue cardigan the boy was wearing to whisper something in his ear. The other boy looked up at her and Dean thought he had an expression of surprise and fear on his face before he turned and looked straight at Dean.
“Well, uh, I’ve been bad basically always, but it was for a good reason, I swear,” Dean began, biting his lip with a wince as he realized he probably shouldn't swear in a confessional booth or a church for that matter. He was fucking this all up. “I swear for one. I also like actually swear too, like take the lord’s name in vain all the time. I lie and fornicate and I don’t really discriminate about who with. I guess I”m just a bad person.”
The burger wasn't bad, it definitely could use some of that dill and mango chutney of Gabe's, but it didn't taste like over boiled high school cafeteria food either. Charlie wolfed down her food, some sort of Asian-inspired stir fry dish and then started eyeing his tater tots, so Cas gave them to her because he knew that he had eaten more of his own breakfast than the other girl had and he didn't think that his stomach could handle more than the burger and two mugs full of tea that he drank anyway.
"Whoa! No, wait, no!" Crowley shouted, reaching out to stop his client before he could dart away up the stairs, which Castiel was finding difficult to do since darting while carrying a tray of hot, scalding liquid was not something he had a lot of practice with. "Please tell me that my hearing is playing tricks on me in my old age. Please tell me you did not just say what I think you just said."
When he heard a knock on his front door he moved to answer it quickly because, yea his dad was a pretty heavy sleeper, but that didn't mean that he wanted any witnesses for the breakdown he might be about to have.
Sam's was full of thick non-fiction books about history, biographies of politicians, with an odd book about folklore or mythology thrown into the mix. Dean's was stacked double deep with books, had dog-eared paperbacks shoved into every available space on the shelves and more were placed on top like the older Winchester was in the process of reading multiple books at one time. These were as varied as any library's selection; Dean had pretty much everything by Vonnegut with several different editions of
and Lena Dunham, but the lady sure can deliver one hell of a heartfelt line. As always comments are appreciated, you guys are amazing and constantly make my day.
The mechanic had told him that on no uncertain terms he was through. Through being a crutch and an enabler for someone who refused to get help, through being cursed at because he wasn't ashamed of what he was like John was, and through standing idly by while John drove his family into the ground with hatred and denial. Hearing Bobby say that he would kill him if he hurt Dean didn't scare John because part of him had been dead ever since he had pulled the trigger on Edgar Singer. That part had been rotting when he had gone out and slept with a too-sweet waitress in an effort to make himself into someone who could never kill another man.
The fact that this was a profession amused him, brought something that was as close to a smile to his face as his thin, grimace bound lips could muster. It was ridiculous, laughable; something that self-obsessed twenty somethings did when they were busy wasting their working class parent's money on courses like 'Perspectives in Subject Expression' and 'Through the Fish Eye: A History of Lens Technique'.
"You're being really cool about this, Dean." Sam said wonderingly, looking at his brother with something that resembled astonished amusement.
Dean had to tamp down his fear the entire way over to the restaurant because he just wanted to give Cas an out, tell him that if the other boy really wanted to they could skip the dance and just keep driving until they ran out of gas or road, whichever happened first. As long as they were together, everything would stay perfect like this forever.
Cas looked up at him with wide eyes, his mouth moving soundlessly and it was enough. Enough to tell Dean that it was what the other boy wanted and he just had to get out of there. He couldn't let Cas see him fall apart when he told Dean that he loved Meg and couldn't be what Dean wanted him to be.
It was going to take some convincing to get Gabriel to let him out of his or Sam's sight, but Cas pretty desperately needed to feel like he still had some sort of grip on his life and shooting a bunch of holes into something may just be the start of that.
And then there was school which made Castiel feel like all he wanted to do was ream his head into the wall over and over until the knowledge just leaked out of his ears along with his brain matter and personality. Graduate school didn’t care about who he was or his extracurriculars, like when he had been in the school’s orchestra his freshman year back when he still played the piano and he and Balth were living in those horrible, cramped college apartments because Cas had wanted to have the genuine college experience like Michael had. All that they were looking at were test scores and grades, which Castiel knew wouldn’t get him very far since his grades had started slipping as he sank deeper and deeper into the pit of depression that he had stumbled into.
It hadn't been a big affair and Dean had only ever seen the one picture that his dad had tried to get rid of a couple of years after his mom left when Sam had found it shoved in between the pages of some big, dusty book Bobby had brought over to their apartment and left when he had been making sure John didn't drown in his own vomit in his sleep. The picture had been of his mom clearly showing that she was pregnant with Dean, John, an older man that looked too much like Sam to not be their grandfather and a woman that was probably his grandmother even though both of his maternal grandparents had died shortly after he was born.
Less angst? Did any of this make anything better? No? I thought so, keep breathing. I'm off tomorrow so *fingers crossed* I'll get a bunch of stuff done. Hang in there babes.
The smaller boy reached down and cupped Dean's erection through his boxers and the larger boy's eyes widened in sudden realization. His boyfriend pressed down on him as he used his free hand to pull down the form-fitting navy boxers he was wearing, still stroking Castiel as the smaller boy's slim fingers wrapped around his own substantial length.
"Yea," Dean said taking another step back and accidentally bumping into a small, bespeckled boy in a band uniform, getting a dirty look when he gave the kid an apologetic look. "About that, I…uh…I'm sorta seeing someone else now."
"Chuck, oh thank god you're here," Naomi gushed spotting him and rushing over, the heels she was wearing clicking on the dance floor and causing her to tower over him by a couple of inches. "Can you please explain to these children how balloons need helium to float? They just keep inhaling it and singing like those annoying chipmunks. I can't take much more of this."
Castiel could see the question in Alfie's eyes, but his driver didn't ask it and not for the first time he was thankful that Crowley hired people who were discreet and tolerant to work closely with him. He used to think that people who could really care less about sexuality weren't all that hard to find, but when you tried to hire a genuinely good person to work for someone who was still mostly in the closet, well Castiel had just been surprised by how prevalent blackmail really was outside of movies and romance novels.
“Bless me my...uh, person,” Dean started uncertainly, not wanting to assume the gender of the person taking his confession. “I’ve sinned a whole shi--boatload and need to confess.”
Fate must have been on his side though because when he got to the cafeteria the only people sitting at the table were Charlie and Becky. There was a tray at Dean's seat, holding a half eaten breakfast burrito and a cup of fruit; Castiel noticed that the other man's tea was already sitting in front of the empty seat to the left of his tray in the spot where he had sat next to Dean during lunch and dinner the day before. He smiled in spite of himself and immediately started freaking out because he shouldn't care that Dean had thought of him even though he wasn't there. He didn't care.
They had only made it into the apartment about ten minutes ahead of Dean who Charlie had stopped to talk to when everyone had parted ways and started climbing into vehicles to leave the bar and head over to Meg's for waffles and a
I promise I will pick up the pieces of your feels, but if you can't stand waiting on updates or the suspense then...I can't promise that it's not going to be a while before things get better. It sounds like I don't want you to read, but I really really do. I just feel like you deserve to know what you're getting yourselves into, y'know? So if you stick with me, I promise it will be worth your while or if you decide to wait until this fic is complete before indulging in a binge of sadness and angst that you know is going to end happy, I fully understand and respect that decision too.
A small sob burst out of her and Cas quickly gathered his little sister into his arms. Anna had been the one to find him, to save him from what he had done to himself after his father and eldest brother had broken him down and convinced him that it was the only way that he could find favor with God again. She had called the ambulance and sat with him in the bathroom, forcing half a bottle of Ipecac down his throat and smoothing his hair back from his face when he had started throwing up all of the pills he had taken.
After realizing that, Castiel got up, went about his normal routine like it was just another day. Like he was going up to campus to meet his GRE study group or to do some homework at the coffee shop near the library that was always quiet on the Sunday mornings after Meg stayed over. He liked to leave early on those days because it was weird for him to see the other girl walking around his and Balthazar’s apartment in just the other man’s V-neck shirts that were too large for her, but not large enough to provide full coverage when she would stretch up on tiptoe to reach the coffee mugs they kept on the top shelves in the cabinet.
"I'm Ash," the mulletted boy began, smirking mischievously at Castiel and Charlie. "I like to go hunting and –"
It was going to be the first time since Cas had surprised him by showing up at the bar that they weren't going to spend the night together, alternating between his apartment and the other man's house. Dean was not exactly thrilled to be sleeping alone and yea, the sex was fucking amazing, but it was more than that. He had already gotten used to having Cas there next to him, falling into an easy comfortable routine together that he couldn't believe he hadn't always had with the other man.
Sam would probably help too, Jo knew that he was having a hard time with not being able to have close friends and if Dean had someone he could relax around then he wouldn't keep such a tight rein on who his younger brother spent time with. Hmmm…Becky? She was fairly good with computers like Ash and Jo knew that she was not opposed to some hot boy on boy action. Who else? Maybe someone Dean didn't know very well, or at least someone he didn't really get along with that would help her with making Cas look desirable. Hester was crazy intense and Leah was a bit of a, well suffice to say she might enjoy Castiel's shyness a bit too much.
"Missed you so fucking much, Dean." Castiel panted into his skin, grinding his erection hard into Dean's until they were both whimpering from the friction. "Shit, I love you. You have no idea how much I love you."
"What?" Castiel breathed in dismay, he was pretty sure he knew what Chuck was saying, but honestly it was the epitome of ridiculousness because he and Dean had
Once, Sam had been cleaning up Bobby's kitchen after Dean had cooked dinner. It had been beef bolongnese or something else with pasta that their uncle had utterly decimated when trying to pronounce it with his thick, drawling accent, but regardless it had been delicious just like all of Dean's cooking was. And Sam had been stuck cleaning up, doing the dishes and wiping down counters as Bobby pulled Dean to the side to give his opinion again about how the other man was refusing to settle down; it wasn't that long after that asshole had attacked his brother and put him in the hospital and they had moved to that horrible apartment in the shady part of Lawrence.
Crowley got Cas and Gaddy sweaters, which were ugly as sin and the demon claimed that he had made them himself. Dean had just assumed that the grumpy Scotsman was plotting something much more sinister with those knitting needles than the two sweaters and pair of misshapen house slippers that came out of Crowley's bedroom on Christmas day. Sam made a point to wear the house slippers that didn't really fit just to appease the demon, but Dean was supremely grateful that Crowley had just made him pot holders since he was always complaining about burning himself in the kitchen when he cooked.
Once he had seen that Bobby's flight was delayed, Dean decided to head back out to wait in his car; preferring the dry summer heat to the recirculated air conditioned air of the terminal's waiting area; it reminded him too much of the still atmosphere of a hospital and Dean had had more than enough experiences with hospitals to last him a lifetime. He let the chatter of the talk radio station that Sam liked to listen to act as background static as he dozed in the front seat of his car, an alarm set on his phone to get up and check on Bobby's flight every half hour or so.
"Cas," Dean said softly, biting his lip when the smaller boy looked over like he was stopping himself from saying something, but then shaking his head and pulling out a pocket knife from his leather jacket.
“Well, you’re not supposed to meet women in fucking strip clubs!” Lexi shouted, reaching out a hand to push hard at Benny’s shoulder even though the gesture barely rocked the larger man’s body. “And you’re not supposed to be a perfect fucking gentleman when you’re paying to get your rocks off! And you’re not supposed to be so...damn...just damnit, Benny!”
Dean smiled widely at him when he took the first bite of grilled cheese, nodding with surprised eyes towards Charlie when she commented that she had told him so, right? Castiel instinctively smiled back at Dean, because something about the other man's elation was infectious and then he blushed because the image of Dean walking around his room with his red and gold plaid shirt unbuttoned flashed suddenly through his mind only the memory had changed so that Dean was smiling just for him.
"It's more of a general disappointment I think," His agent interrupted. "But I am man enough to admit that if I had been more worried about you and less worried about the bottom line then none of this would've happened. Now I think that we're all big boys and can speak frankly about this, you've both had the birds and the bees talk I'm sure."
The evening had started out simple enough with Cas wanting to go and see the fireworks with all of their friends at Watson Park and Dean finally giving in because he was tired and stressing over having had to tiptoe around John and his drinking for the last week leading up to New Year's Eve. Cas knew how stressed out Dean was about his dad, especially now that Sam was living full time at the Novak household where the older boy couldn't keep an eye on his brother like he was used to doing.
That's what woke him up, that song playing. And he shot out of his bed to grab his phone that he always always put on the nightstand next to his bed. It was too early for his mom to be calling, the fucking sun wasn't even up yet and the only boxes he had managed to unpack the night before were the ones with toilet paper and his cellphone charger before they had collapsed into bed together after getting promised a homemade breakfast in the morning if he just phonied up a back rub. Which had turned into more than just a back rub because he still couldn't believe that this was his life and that it had finally started making sense.
"I couldn't ask for you to let me back in their lives," Raphael said, gesturing towards Anna who had pulled out her phone and was probably talking to Kevin who had been pretty pissed that the two Winchester's had stolen his idea about going to Chicago and hadn't even bothered to take him with them.
Hey babes! I totes got distracted this weekend by working on other stuff, something big. And let me just ask how many fics is too many to have going at once? I think I'm getting close, anyways much love and kisses to all ya'll. Please let me know how you're doing, are you okay? Have you left the house today? I'm sure someone misses you, shoot them a text. <3
"Dad, I kissed Ca—" Dean began only to be silenced abruptly by John hitting the doorframe in frustration again, letting out an angry growl this time that was just like the sound he had made right before knocking Dean unconscious with the lamp off the end table in the living room.
"How long ago was that?" Dean asked concern creeping into his voice as he thought about Castiel being sick and having to wait in the cold for Gabriel to come and get him.
Guy Haines wouldn't look back at the psychotic woman who had stalked him and found his one weakness and exploited it to try to get rid of her oppressive father that she worked for who wouldn't take her seriously because she was a woman. Haines would be thinking of the person he had met that had helped him realized that love didn't come with conditions and addendums and how now that he had delivered his ultimatum they could be together for real. Castiel thought of Dean and let it reflect in his walk, corners of his mouth quirking as he politely excused his way out of the station and towards his future.
Dean gave his boyfriend a withering look and snatched back his milkshake just as Cas went to dip another french fry. "I told you it was nothing."
So he stuck to mundane stuff, like school and the fact that he hadn't finished any of his college applications yet because surely that was all stressful enough by itself to trigger a panic attack. At least he hoped that it would be enough to appease Rachel's seemingly unending supply of incredulity. He didn't even realize that his method of avoiding talking about what was really bothering him had given him away until he finished and of course then all Rachel had to say was-
"Um…" Castiel wondered how much he could say without giving himself away to the girl. He had not expected his tastes in romantic partners to be the subject of conversation when he agreed to go shopping. "I like brunettes. Tall. Someone who can make me laugh. Knows about music."
"Cas picked it." Dean said simply, smiling down at the other boy who was attempting to wriggle out of his coat even though the larger boy was still firmly planted in his lap. "Said he needed to learn how to fight my evil exes."
It had been hard to leave Anaheim and continue north, but Los Angeles was cool. Too full of ass kissing wanna-bees for Dean's taste, but all of the old Hollywood stuff was pretty neat and he almost convinced Sam to camp out in front of Ryan Gosling's house for the night before they had been scared off by the patrolling policemen in the upscale neighborhood. He had found out that he had the same sized hands as John Wayne and he made his little brother take a picture of him in front of Mann's Chinese theater to commemorate the moment.
"Dean!" Anna said happily, stepping forward to give him a sisterly kiss on the cheek and offering to take the boxes he was holding from him, which he refused because he wanted to put the flowers on Cas himself and he knew he was being silly, but he didn't really care. "You could've just let yourself in dork. Our house is your house, Cas will be down in a minute. I think Gabe's trying to kick us out of the house so he and Sam can—"
"Man, I am so very happy that I rushed up here last night," Sam deadpanned as he watched Dean began to frantically struggle out of his blanket cocoon. "I mean, you sounded okay on the phone, but Meg kept texting me '911 S.O.S.' over and over. So I may have only slept three hours last night, but I got to see this."
"Yep," the guidance counselor agreed, waving at him to keep going and crossing her legs with an impatient sigh. "Go on, what else happened? It was a date, right? Please tell me that you can at least admit that much."
Castiel ran out of steam at number five, his enthusiasm waning now that he was thinking about all of the work he still had to finish for school and how had he even managed to forget about it at all?! This place was screwing with his head already, making him feel like he could forget about his responsibilities and commitments when he couldn't or his life would be even more fucked up than it already was. There was no way he was going to be able to sleep, no way in hell. So he wrapped his cardigan tight around his shoulders and ventured out into the darkened hallway.
Castiel didn't hear the story until much later that day, after Dean had dropped him off at home with a lingering apologetic kiss because he had to go to work and Bobby had already called twice on their way out of the hotel and across town to his house asking him where he was. He had told the larger boy that he loved him again, feeling all kinds of warm and fuzzy inside when Dean had hummed happily and replied, "You too."
"No, it's a good idea." Castiel replied, kissing the back of the other man's neck until he turned around in his arms and faced him, concern marring Dean's perfect features. "A very good idea, one of the best ideas I've ever had in fact. You're not getting scared out of this by a shower, Dean. We just won't use the shower, there's a tub. We'll pretend the shower doesn't exist."
Dean reached out a shaky hand to touch the marks, running the flat of his palm over the smaller boy's protruding shoulder blades that bore the majority of the evidence that someone had hurt Cas. He felt so angry at himself for never having asked Castiel about the scar on his chest before, if it was the only one and who had put it there because it was obvious now that they was more to the story of why his boyfriend had to see a therapist than he had been told.
“I”m bi, alright?” Dean blurted, clapping his hands together once to cap off the statement and make him feel slightly less vulnerable.
Also, the two covers that I'm making big references to here are by Pomplamoose (Don't Wanna Miss a Thing) and Ben Howard (Call Me Maybe), totally worth a listen but you might have to go on Youtube to find them.*
"You know Dean loves you right?" Gilda asked softly, her voice carrying no hint of resentment or anger for his having been so cruel to her. "He's told you he loves you, hasn't he? Cas, sweetie, its so obvious that you two were made for each other."
“Just being respectful to my elders,” Tasha retorted, glancing over at the now clean mirror before storming towards her area of the work room that held her wigs and gowns and many, many trunks of shoes. “But I guess the opera gloves are coming off, Evil.”
A hurt look crossed Bobby's face at the gesture and Dean quickly dropped his hands back to his sides, wishing he had pockets in the pants he was wearing for his costume.
"Well, that was before you got all cleaned up for him." Anna replied waving off his self-deprecation that she has gotten used to ignoring. "Cas, can you do me a favor? Zip me up? I don't know where Gabriel has gotten off to."
"I dunno, the mini-van will be good for all of those soccer games and stuff you're going to drive the kids to," Sam teased, flipping up the lid on the box of pizza and gesturing towards it before grabbing a slice for himself and settling back down on the couch. "Seriously though, have a piece, take a break or something. We're all just sitting around being depressed about our favorite dysfunctional family being out of town."
"Maybe his phone is dead," Gabriel said, his voice was getting closer and Castiel frantically looked down at his own mostly red, blinking battery icon on his phone like it would tell him what to do. He let out a broken sob when he saw that he had missed calls and voicemail notifications, but then his phone gave the little shutting off trill that was its cheerful death rattle before going completely black. "Did you hear that? Cassie? Deano? Are you assholes here? You motherfuckers better be dead, do you have any idea how much I just spent on a taxi?!"
When he turned to Dean, the larger boy could only jab an angry finger at the item on the menu that he wanted glaring until the young man walked away with an infuriating little smirk on his face. Dean felt the familiar knot of jealously twisting in his stomach, something that hadn't happened since he had still thought that his boyfriend and Meg were dating.
"So can we order some pizza now? I'm freaking starving!" Ash said taking up a post on the other end of the couch and Jo moved to settle happily in between the two boys, already dialing Papa Keno's on her phone.
"If you had asked me the first time that he was here," Bobby started, smiling down at his hands as he remembered his early encounters with Dean, when the teen ward had been under construction and the then fifteen year old's brashness had gotten on his damn nerves. "I would've said pop him one in the mouth and then you'd be square, but now...talk to him. If he's coming on too strong, then I'm sure the last thing he wants to do is make you uncomfortable, so he'll stop. Just tell him."
He turned around, scrubbing a hand through his hair in frustration that the urge to eat had come and gone so quickly, he couldn’t even control his own body anymore; breaking out in cold sweats and vomiting and feeling like he was hyperventilating more than feeling normal. All he fucking wanted was to be normal, that’s all he had ever wanted.
"Wrong. Sam told me they'd be over about six-ish if he could get Dean to stop preening and freaking out over how his car looked. No, I told you to go ahead and go shower and stuff. I'll steam your tux so that we can avoid distracting from all of your prettiness with a wrinkled suit."
"My dad knows I'm gay, Gilda. Give it a fucking rest already." He snapped snatching up one of the white, sparkly paper napkins that had been set out on the refreshment table when he went to get drinks for himself and the other girl, ripping it to tiny little bits so that he would have something to do with his hands.
"No," Castiel said with a sigh, burying his face in Dean's neck and kissing his pulse point there softly, reverently. "I don't really want to talk about it. He'll probably say something to you later anyway, I just don't want to ruin our morning."
Snow day smut! Literally its like driving on an ice-rink where I live and I have only left my house to get the mail, mail-people are officially my heroes, btw.
He chanced a peek inside, ducking back when he saw Dean pulling a long sleeved plaid button down shirt on, his heart doing a weird little flip when he saw how muscled the other man was and feeling entirely self conscious of his own wiry frame that used to be strong too before stress and nausea had cause him to stop eating more than a couple of bites a day. Dean looked like the kind of guy that ended up on the covers of the Men's Health magazines that Michael kept around his swanky Upper West Side apartment and Castiel...well, didn't. No wonder no one wanted him.
"Charlie," She muttered weakly, dropping the spatula and waving at him meekly from the other side of the kitchen island separating them. "I...uh...work for Mr. Roche."
Luckily, no customers came in for coffee in the interceding 3 minutes until close and it wasn’t until the trio was locking up and walking towards the parking lot that Dean found the courage to speak.
Dean barked out a laugh at that, his hands gripping the material of Castiel's t-shirt briefly before he pulled back far enough that Cas would see the way his green eyes were sparkling happily and dreamily at him. They were almost the same height and their faces were so close that if they stayed just like this for a while then he could get a jump on counting all of those freckles that he had been obsessing about, but the part of him that was floating just outside of his body told him that eventually they would have to let go of each other. Nothing this wonderful lasted forever, at least not for him.
"Are you making fun of me, Dean?" Becky asked, the happy smile she had been wearing disappearing off of her face like it had never been there. She crossed her arms over her chest and he could physically see her clamming up in the same way that Castiel used to do when he tried to talk to his boyfriend about his family.
And now here he was making some desperate, needy grab to keep Castiel here when he knew that the other man couldn't stay forever, this was just the reprieve before they had to go back to their real lives and the actor left him to go back to glamorous Hollywood while Dean went back to slinging cocktails and working on his friends' cars because it was the closest he would ever get to having his own auto shop. He had already resigned himself to this being a summer romance, the best and most meaningful one of his life to be sure, but Cas wouldn't want to drag him and Meg and Charlie around forever all just to keep him close and keep up the lie that the two girls would surely get tired of living themselves.
He followed the older man towards the nurse's station, mostly because he had absolutely no desire to walk past Dean and Charlie's room again, only to be stopped by Ellen who shoved one of the daily menus brusquely across the counter towards him with a look that brought to mind every disapproving look his mom had ever given him when he had been too busy playing the keyboard with his headphones on to clean his room or take out the trash. So he blindly circled a couple of things on the list and gave it back to her right as Jim and Hester key carded their way through the door with sleepy sounding greetings towards the other two nurses.
that had so easily became Emmanuel because it was easier than trying to sort out his own forgotten memories and it was what his mind was going to be like once he forced his grace into Dean's body so that he could heal it from the inside out.
"It's not that big of a deal," Castiel replied, kicking is shoes off inside the door of the bedroom and running a tired hand through his hair. "We can just all escape to the guesthouse if it becomes too unbearable."
He had always thought that homemade, handwritten cards were much more thoughtful, but then again he had always been much better with the written word that abstract gestures of affection. After talking to Tessa about how he could make up for the debacle that was New Year's Eve to Naomi, sending a letter had just seemed like the most obvious choice, but almost as soon as he had dropped it into the blue outgoing mail bin at his apartment the panic had clutched at his chest and Chuck had wanted nothing more than to crawl inside the metal container and retrieve what surely was the most awkward confession of love ever written. The grizzled, sleep deprived older man had briefly considered dropping a match down the mail chute, but had thrown that idea out when he had decided that bringing down the wrath of the fire department on his neighbors probably would not make him very popular.
“Well it’s sweet she left us all personal messages,” Kim said sarcastically, snagging up the spray bottle of glass cleaner that had been left on the workspace for her and spraying it liberally over Maura’s parting words. “Bye, bye bye, bitch.”
“Both are good,” Castiel answered, stepping back from the doorway and gesturing towards the apartment’s interior. “Make yourself at home, I just have to set the table and then we can eat.”
Castiel almost dropped the phone in surprise, he cleared his throat and ended the call quickly, agreeing that it was good that they would start filming so soon and telling Crowley he was heading to bed.
"What did you and Aunt Karen fight about?" Dean asked curiously, from what little he could remember about his aunt and uncle's marriage it had been a happy one. He couldn't ever remember them having even the smallest argument so whatever it was it had to have been big.
Around his friends it was easier for him to be affectionate with Dean because, frankly none of them seemed to care, well except Becky who squeaked a little bit anytime Cas and the other boy kissed, almost kissed, or he was pretty sure when they were thinking about kissing because the tiny high-pitched sounds came from the other girl a lot. But it didn't really bother him that she was watching them in the most voyeuristic way imaginable because it was different than the way he had been feeling when Dean had leaned over the space separating them in the Impala or anytime the other boy's eyes lingered for just a little too long on his mouth when they were talking at school.
Dishes in the sink from two people eating instead of just one, Cas's clothes mixed in with his own laundry, the message from James Collins signed onto his DVD boxset of
"Someone came by for you," Rufus muttered behind him, drawing his attention to the other man who was peering out at him from the tangled blankets he was wrapped up in. "Left you a note."
A serendipitous encounter with a fast-talking, carefree, whirlwind of a man that had led to a night of walking through New York City until dawn and talking about everything and nothing before the other man had hopped into a taxi heading to JFK so he could catch his flight back home to somewhere west of the Appalachians.
Can I just talk about how tired I am for a second without sounding super whiny? Because I feel like I am dying. With that being said, do you guys see how each chapter is getting longer and longer?! It's to the point that I want to go back and combine other chapters together just so they don't look so wimpy compared to this one.
then he was pretty sure the rush of blood to his dick would be enough to impair his higher functions so that he could enjoy himself.
Castiel hummed from somewhere beneath his chin where the other man had buried his face in Dean's neck, "I thought you were tired."
So he feigned ignorance, cringing at how unconvincing his voice sounded when he finally managed to stop gaping like an idiot. "Shit, Charlie. What did I say? I'll make the fucking bed…just don't…cry. I can't handle girls crying."
The majority of Ash's mind thought, pulling him away from his study of his lab partner and filing away his observations for later examination. He always did his best thinking after two or three beers anyway. He pulled out his phone with a shrug and shot Jo a quick text message.
It took every ounce of strength that he had to pull Dean off of him. He wanted nothing more than to have this fucking Adonis streaked in his come, marked so that everyone could see that he belonged to Castiel Dmitri Krushnic and no one else would ever be allowed to touch him. But that was not how this night was going to end and a sad, rational part of him knew that.
"Nothing," he mumbled, taking two Kleenex; using one to clean his glasses and the other to surreptitiously wipe the last of the tears off of his face.
"There's something," Castiel assured the other patient quickly, glancing at Rufus who had grumbled something to himself that sounded vaguely like 'morons' before rolling over in his bed and turning his back towards both him and Dean. "I mean…a crush? Probably…"
Castiel knew there would probably be a bruise there in the morning, but shook off the girl's apology once they were heading towards the concession stand during the third quarter, telling her she could just buy him a Gatorade and they would be even. He made a mental note to buy more of the rock climbing chalk he used to keep his hands from sweating for the rest of the squad so that they wouldn't have the same problem in the future. The routine wasn't perfect, but it was something that he and Adam both agreed that they could build on.
Dean broke the kiss when he felt the other boy's hand slide under his pilfered shirt and turned his face away from Cas so that his boyfriend wouldn't see the distraught expression that he was sure was on his face. He needed to stop thinking about this before he completely ruined the wonderful morning they were going to have, building snow men and making snow angels if it was the last thing Dean ever did. Cas would tell him about it when he was ready.
He waited until the muscles in Dean's back started unclenching, until he could visibly see the tension and fear eking out of the other man slowly and it was only when Dean nodded a little bit that he realized that Rufus was awake and muttering something to the other patient low enough that he couldn't hear it from across the small room. Whatever it was helped though and Castiel made a mental note to figure out something nice he could to for the older man to repay him, maybe find something that interested Rufus enough to give him an excuse to get out of bed.
"Classified?" Dean finished humorlessly, letting his hand drop heavily back down onto the bed in defeat. Of course Cas wasn't going to tell him what was going on, Dean saw how the other agents still looked at him; like he could snap and plant and arrow in their throat at any second. Hell, maybe he could.
"Y'know...people like to get all spruced up when their family is supposed to come," Dean continued, snapping Cas out of his trace and making him realize that he had been waxing poetic about Dean's forearms. Yea, blushing was not the word for how much blood had rushed to his face. "Jim probably thought your folks were coming to see you or something, one of your five hundred brothers and sisters…"
Balthazar's voice suddenly blared over the speaker, causing Castiel to let out a strangled sob of fear when he heard the accent that he thought was Scottish for just a second.
"Yea, I was probably pretty smashed by then," Dean admitted, running a hand over the back of his neck and yawning tiredly. "I'll have to thank Alfie for picking you up for me, he's a good kid."
Castiel nodded at his brother, wondering when exactly Gabriel had grown up and managed to get all serious and wise. He wondered if he would ever be able to give advice like that before he swooped down and pulled the shorter man into a tight, brotherly hug. There was a lot of back patting and awkward throat clearing as they pulled apart.
His thoughts turned back to how he had chosen to tell Dean about how he felt. After tossing and turning for most of the night Castiel had pulled out the journal Rachel had given him and stared at the blank lined pages inside. He had meant to start writing a letter, something that he would never send and therefore would be a way that he could get all of his feelings out without risking losing his friend. But nothing had come.
"I look like shit in a tux anyway," Castiel muttered, allowing himself a momentary sulk before he remembered that the last charity thing he had gone to for Michael had ended up with him hurling all over the shoes of one of his brother's coworkers. Luckily it had just been someone's assistant and the woman had been very understanding, horrified, but understanding none the less. "Speaking of dresses, do you think I can borrow one from you for something?"
About two months into living with the Winchesters, he hears the three humans talking about him. Castiel knows through social mores that he’s supposed to pretend that he can’t hear their whispered conversation about his nightmares that is taking place in the next room, but it’s hard to remain completely unaffected when Dean comes straight up to him upon re-entering the library where the angel is.
When she had replied with confusion, no one had even seen her and Virgil speaking to each other since that one time they had been caught kissing at the beginning of their relationship several months earlier by Chuck in the faculty break room and even then the other teacher had just shrugged and kept scrounging around for a bottle of whiskey that he had stashed somewhere in the room, Naomi had informed her that the custodial staff had found some "evidence" that something had happened in her classroom sometime on Friday after her last class and Virgil's ROTC meeting let out.
They were going to go see some documentary about bees and the environment that sounded like something that Sam would make him watch in order to try to talk him once again into switching to a hybrid car instead of his carbon, spewing Impala. Dean didn't really think it was a date kind of movie, but they were going early and with any luck he would have time to go over to Meg's later so they could start watching Season 2 of
"My point being, Cas," Jo continued, sitting down on the edge of the tub with her legs stretched out in front of her as she swirled the steadily foaming water with the tips of her fingers. "Dean fucks up, a lot. A measurement which we both know is an understatement, but whatever he did this time. It isn't your fault, no matter what he might have said when he was angry. So the fact that you're sitting here beating yourself up over it is ridiculous. If he isn't going to answer your calls or speak to you then you just need to give him his space. It's just going to make him more determined that you're better off without him if he finds out that you're sitting around torturing yourself."
The comments are always appreciated and thanks to everyone who is bookmarking or subscribing, you're the wind beneath my wings.
tried to tell him about the email their father had sent him at the beginning of the week, but Castiel could imagine the unapologetic, accusing, business-like tone that his father had probably taken in the message. His brother had not tried to stop him when Castiel had slammed out of the house angrily and gone running down the street still clad in the jeans and t-shirt he had been lounging around the living room in.
"Crowley said you called a girl, I assume it was 'the girl' that you were moaning about in the E.R., but hey at least now you know, y'know? Tis better to have loved and lost and all that bullshit." The girl said, waving her hands around in an abstracted kind of way. "Now you'll know the real thing when you see it. Get up, come to dinner. Please, Cas."
"Then why do you have to hide, if people don't want to see something you're in just because you happen to like a cock up your arse then they will be missing out on a lot of fantastic films.
Castiel didn't know how to respond to that because he had always just assumed that he was more invested in his friendship with his agent than Crowley was. They had never been the sort of people who sat around over coffee and shared their deepest, darkest secrets, but the Scotsman had been all he had when he had come to California and now five years later was unexpectedly his closest friend. Crowley caring was nothing new, but voicing it was and Cas could only reason that his agent's relationship with Balthazar had to be the catalyst for this change of heart.
So he was filling the void by interacting with his fans and hanging out with the other actors and crew members and putting all of his focus into learning how to play tennis as quickly as possible so that when he finally got the opportunity he could sneak out and see Dean. Alfie and Charlie had been helpful in distracting Crowley so he could have quick conversations with Dean, almost as effective as Balthazar who was much less subtle about drawing his agent's attention off of his client with kisses and murmured propositions that Charlie would gag and roll her eyes at.
Castiel looked down at the movies in his hand; he had deliberated for the better part of the evening before about what he should pick to watch. He wanted something that the rest of the group would like, that would appeal to everyone's personalities, but the film collection in the Novak household was pretty sparse, consisting of what had been bought since their move at the beginning of the summer and the three siblings tastes ranged wildly between Gabe's obsession with period dramas, Anna's arthouse films, and Cas's preference for classic kung fu movies.
The other man was standing in the hallway with a reusable shopping bag in one hand and a six pack of beer in the other. But that wasn’t what made Cas come up short. No it was the fact that Dean look positively pornographic in the fitted black jeans he was wearing with a white V-neck and a blue blazer. It was a look that could be called casual (the blazer could be due to the fact that the night had that pre-fall bite to the air), but the way that Dean was shuffling nervously from foot to foot made Cas think that that wasn’t the case.
"Don't." Dean sputtered out, reaching up with a shaky whimper and a grunt of pain to cup Castiel's jaw in his hand. His thumb brushed over the skin there, clearing away the tears that the angel was shedding and smearing the drops of blood across his stubbled cheek. "Don't cry and for the love of pie, don't fucking pray. Just go, find Sam. Fix him."
"Oh sweetie," Meg said consolingly, gathering him into her arms and rocking him gently as he cried into the University of Kansas sweatshirt that Cas was fairly sure was actually Luc's judging from how it hung off the smaller woman's frame. "Do you want me to beat him up? Because I so totally will and I'm pretty sure Jo would help. I doubt I would even have to tell her why we're doing it."
"Don't cuss at me boy," Dr. Mosely warned, smirking at Castiel when he started protesting that he hadn't before stopping when he realized that he had been doing it in his head and grabbing the GRE study guide before snatching the yellow piece of paper from the other woman and sliding it into the book, sitting down with it weighing heavily in his lap. "Okay, so you have your homework. I expect for you to know that stuff for me the next time we talk one on one."
"You're okay to drive right?" Castiel asked, trailing behind the other man and keeping his beer down low by his side when they got closer to the bouncer who he was pretty sure would remember him since Meg had made a point to be pretty unforgettable when she was trying to get them all in so they could drink.
"But maybe you've heard of him," Dean murmured, his eyes sliding shut as he focused on the dim memory of Cas's face as he had last seen him in the video of his husband facing down Michael; blue eyes burning with determination and anger and resolve. Sam had told him Cas couldn't sleep the whole time Dean had been under the Asgardian's control; yet another reason to blame himself for the other man's death. "They called him the Angel of Death."
Dean opened the front door, intending to go back to his apartment and get his phone, but stopped short when he met with the sight of the other boy standing at Meg's front door holding two large dripping bags of ice.
Thinking of Cas in stockings and a corset and god, maybe even some heels or something that would put the other boy taller than him for once made him groan, thrusting with a renewed vigor against Castiel who was muttering and moaning into his neck, pausing every so often to kiss him breathless or run his hand down Dean's chest.
"Well I don't want fucking grilled cheese and tomato soup," Castiel snapped, grabbing his body wash and his towel before turning back to his bed and picking out a pair of jeans and his old Dinosaur Jr. T-shirt along with his cardigan. He started towards the door, but was caught by Charlie right as he passed Becky who skirted out of his way meekly.
The boy held on to his friend and let her rock him in a soothing way until he felt certain that he wasn't going to have an awkward outburst of emotion in the middle of a freaking food court. People were starting to give them strange looks, but Castiel didn't care. Right now he had someone who he trusted for reasons he couldn't even explain to himself, someone who could see the tip of the iceberg, but decided to stay on a collision course anyway. He cleared his throat and pulled away from the embrace, giving Jo a shaky smile that he hoped would alleviate the concern he could see in her eyes.
Castiel made a face and then turned back around to his own locker, he debated for a moment before he decided that he better shower too since he could still remember how uncomfortable he had been the entire night when he had skipped his shower during the week that he and Dean weren't speaking.
As he rounded the bend on the walkway towards the mansion’s front door, a large ficus was all that blocked his view of the person waiting for him. Dean paused to straighten the jacket of his dark maroon bespoke suit and smoothed a hand back through his hair one more time. He also felt more than saw the camera zoom in on him as he took one last steading breath before striding forward with a smile on his face.
"Michael is the oldest and he probably won't come and see me while I'm here. He's very busy, very important. Does a whole bunch of charity work and stuff because of how he saw people getting treated in high school, oldest child syndrome, y'know? Perfect son with perfect grades and grew up to be the perfect adult, but it suits him. I couldn't imagine him being anything other than what he is and he really is the only one of my siblings that I look anything like so it's almost like we're a normal family."
Castiel was irritated; he didn't want to talk to Dean about whatever it was that he was going to do with Cassie at some stupid party where his friend was sure to not know anyone else except for the girl who was looking longingly at Dean's jersey clad back. But he didn't think his friend was the type to brag so maybe he would be spared the specifics of whatever it was that Dean got up to with the girl's he cavorted around with.
He tucked the covers back over the other boy as Castiel flopped back onto his back, throwing an arm over his eyes and muttering something about bumblebees, his brow furrowing until Dean leaned down and pressed soft kisses against his cheeks until a smile settled on Cas's face and the other boy's breathing evened back out as he continued to sleep.
"I'll bring my book," Cas replied, licking his dry lips self-consciously now that Dean had mentioned them and inadvertently drawing the other man's attention back to them. "I'll read, you draw and if a question pops into either of our heads we can talk."
Sophie asked, sounding distinctly unconcerned by how upset he was. Dean got the feeling that this was a disturbingly ordinary reaction for her to hear. "
"A mixtape?" Meg asked as she drove them over to the apartment she shared with her boyfriend over near the U of K campus. "Who are you? Lloyd Dobbler? This isn't a freaking 80s movie, Cas. This is your love life. Why don't you just go up to Dean and kiss him and see what he says?"
"Well since you're being polite," Castiel muttered, lowering his mouth to run his tongue along the length of Dean's cock tasting the salty precome that he had spread along the hot hard length and reveling in the sounds his boyfriend was making above him.
"Unless you're breakfast," Rufus snapped, sitting up suddenly in his bed with an agitated growl at the two younger men. "And you're not because neither one of you fucktards look like a bowl of grits to me, then take your little heart to heart out of here. Go on now! Jesus, I miss when my roommate was a psychopath, at least Alastair was quiet."
"I have three siblings dork," Cas stated fondly, ducking his head shyly as Dean's mouth curved mischievously. "I told you that…"
When he went to join everyone else in the common room, Castiel was surprised to find that there were only about fifteen people out of the thirty or so he had figured out were on the floor sprawled out on the various couches and chairs that had been turned to face the television mounted in the corner more fully. The movie had already started playing and Charlie earned a rousing shush from everyone in the room when she squeaked and waved him over to where she and Dean had commandeered a couch front and center of the collective group.
"No," he lied smoothly, looking at the clock on the wall to his right. Fifteen more minutes, he could do fifteen more minutes.
He was pulling down plates to set the table with, being extra ginger with his recently bandaged finger when he had to stop to go and answer the door. And, wow, if Cas thought he had been struck dumb in the supermarket then he was probably going to go blind as well if he started at Dean too long now.
"He's a lot nicer than people think," Castiel said, jostling his sister as he twisted beneath her legs so that he could reach his phone and call Dean, giving him a break from work and telling him about the drama that they missed.
Castiel watched as his sister smirked at her small victory, but nodded demurely as Gabriel started touting the evils of adolescent boys and hormones, blustering in a way that was an eerily accurate pantomime of their father’s imperious mealtime sermons. Castiel delved into his breakfast and contemplated the irony in either he Gabriel attempting to lecture their younger sister on morals. Since escaping their father’s household, Gabriel had revealed numerous character defects and vices that his siblings had been utterly unaware of including many different variations on the deadly sins, taking the Lord’s name in vain often and in very creative ways, and his proclivity for being a complete pushover where his younger siblings were concerned. As for Castiel, well it went unsaid that he was the reason for overturning their entire lives, but his own disdain for most people his own age now went unchecked and more often encouraged by Gabriel, who delighted in making the ineptitudes of others obvious to the rest of the world. Not that Gabriel was cruel, far from it; he just loved seeing people get their comeuppance.
Dean studied the other man as he remained engrossed in what he could only guess was Dean's own file. Dark hair, five o’clock shadow darkening a strong jaw, lips with a sharp cupid’s bow that he tapped with one finger as he read, a build that was hard to be sure of underneath his lab coat, but it looked sturdy.
Why the hell was Sammy running around the Novak house undressed? He couldn't possibly be hooking up with Anna and he was way too big to fit into Cas's or Gabe's clothes if he borrowed something to sleep in.
Castiel laughed and moved his hand up to pull Dean down for another kiss that only lasted a couple of seconds this time. And it was exactly and nothing at all like Dean had imagined it would be all at the same time, it was soft and gentle, but with Cas taking the lead and pushing him back up against the doorway of Meg's apartment causing Dean to give a little sound of surprise because he hadn't expected to like that as much as he did.
"Probably the same place as your brother. Movie night." Sam replied unconsciously mirroring the other boy's position, which made for a pretty tight squeeze, since the couch wasn't exactly big and Sam's legs weren't exactly short. There was about two inches of space left between the two men as they regarded each other, a fond smile alighting on Gabriel's face at the mention of his younger brother.
The other man looked different, younger, more like the picture on his old Myspace page only with painted on dark circles under his eyes and subtle light brown highlights in his hair. He looked smaller and more vulnerable in the hospital gown that he was wearing on the screen and Dean's heart twisted painfully at how realistically sick he looked.
"Seriously though," Meg said lowly, leaning towards him and trying to peek at his phone that he was holding loosely in his hand. "How is your man's dinner thingy going? He burn his fancy house down yet? I haven't even gotten a chance to see it."
That’s a lie it was mostly for his 6 week old niece, Shayla, who was being christened tomorrow in this very church. And Dean was going to be her godfather. Shit, Dean had never been godly about anything, but he’d sure as fuck make an attempt for his new favoritie person.
"Because if I'm in your life and he is in Castiel's life, then we are going to have to interact. He is going to be in the house and we all get along so well, I don't want to be the one person he hates."
Castiel shook his head at Dean, but smiled and uncrossed his arms to hold them out to the larger boy in a consoling way. Gabriel watched his little brother's boyfriend cross the room and drop heavily in Cas's lap, burying his face in the smaller boy's neck and saying that he needed brain bleach. Gabriel glanced at Sam who just rolled his eyes at his older brother's dramatics.
It isn’t going to change anything, Cas still can’t stay with him at the bunker regardless of whether the fallen angel cares about him in the same way or not; it is a risk that he can’t take since Zeke could still pretty much blackmail him with Sam’s life to do whatever he wanted. Fuck it, Cas is human now and maybe this is the thing that stops him from turning into that hippie, burn-out version of himself that Dean is scared of.
The two sat in a tense silence for a couple of moments as the first episode began playing on the screen. Over seven seasons the intro hadn't changed very much, it showed all of the main characters looking suitably well-lit and wind-swept in hospital scrubs with dramatic scenes peppered in until it reached the part where guest star's names flashed along the bottom of the screen and the episodes began in earnest.
"He's here because you want him here, sweetie." Amelia Shurley said off-handedly, patting Dean's arm affectionately when the other man just grinned at her, cheeks puffed out and full of food.
"Adorable," Dean replied bringing a hand up to the back of his neck and tilting his head until they were at a cross angle from each other and could kiss in earnest.
"Fine, Sam." The man said turning around unexpectedly right as Dean caught up to him and stepping close to the other patient to jab a hard finger into Dean's chest. "Dean, you want to know what I think of your progress? Did Missouri tell you that's what this was? Be realistic, it's called a relapse and as long as you can't keep it together you aren't coming around your brother anymore."
"He probably just forgot and set it down somewhere," Castiel muttered, trying to half-heartedly defend his roommate's actions even though he knew with Kali, it was less than pointless. She had made up her mind about the other man the first time Cas had shown up at her and Gabe's apartment locked out of their dorm. "It's fine, I couldn't even go anyway if I had it. Don't really think they're going to be giving me a day pass or anything my second day here."
Hi, everybody! Chapter 3! It only took me two weeks to write it, but yay! Let me know if there's something you would like to see or what you think. All feedback is good feedback!
"Okay, I'm gonna grab my stuff," Dean explained, hooking his thumb over his shoulder once they had reached the door to his and Charlie's bedroom. "My pencils and stuff. And then I'll meet you in the day area. 'kay?"
"No, dork." Castiel said, sitting up in Dean's lap and pulling his shirt over his head. "But consider that duly noted."
Dean grabbed his coffee and went to find Sam and Gabe sitting in the living room, shaking wrapped boxes of Christmas presents like a couple of excited ten-year olds and having a surprisingly serious discussion about what had happened to Bobby.
"I don't dance, Dean." Castiel replied shortly, right before the waiter sidled up to take their orders.
He straightened up and wiped at his eyes angrily before turning around and snatching the brown duster out of his back seat. Dean had a party to get to.
"Do it," the actor moaned, thrusting into Dean's fist under the water, griping the muscled legs of the other man hard enough to leave bruises. They were always marking each other, claiming territory in bite marks and dark purple fingerprints, wearing each other's clothing wasn't even necessary. "Don't need prep just do it."
him to come back; wanted him in a way that was more than just because the other boy was obviously drunk.
"Out." Pam said coldly, turning her back on Dean, Castiel, Ash, and now Jo who all stood behind her against the larger group of footballers.
"So you're 'figuring it out'?" Dean asked, glancing back at the paragraph of text as he asked probably to make sure that he got the phrase right instead of just saying 'loser' like Castiel figured the other man probably wanted to.
Adam and Jo had pulled a disappearing act sometime after dinner, once everyone was too stuffed and hung over on tryptophan to notice that the two had vanished until about an hour later when Ellen had hollered at Jo to help her put away the leftovers. Castiel texted Jo, asking where she was and the only reply he had gotten was a weird little winky emoticon so he figured that maybe Meg's advice about gifts hadn't just been given to him.
Holla guys n' gals! I'm gonna try to update this fic once a week, just whatever day I happen to finish a chapter. Yayish! Regularity and all of that jazz, I'm striving to be the Activia of the fan-fiction world. We'll see how it goes. Much love and kisses to everyone subscribing and bookmarking and commenting. I smile every little damn thing you crazy kids say. Its disgusting.
Dean looked for a job as a mechanic, it was what he had done in Kansas after all and with references from Rufus and Bobby he figured it would be a breeze. He was wrong, everyone wanted someone who worked on foreign cars, Audis and Benzs, or who did custom paints jobs and airbrushing on tricked out Escalades and El Caminos. Dean just wanted to work on old cars, leave all of the fancy finishing touches to someone who didn't think that every car should only be painted black like his own 1967 Impala was.
Castiel eyed him suspiciously, probably searching for ulterior motives. Ash watched as the guy frowned unconsciously, an almost imperceptible facial twitch that probably would've been misinterpreted as Castiel considering if anyone else had been observing him. But Ash could see the wheels turning in the boy's head and knew the answer as soon as it was decided. "I appreciate the offer. But I am quite certain that I will be busy."
Bobby knew the inner struggle Dean was having as it wasn’t the first time he’d voiced his dissatisfaction with how his friend was handling raising his two boys on his own, but he also knew how the struggle would end as he fought to keep the corners of his mouth from twitching into a smirk of triumph. Dean gave him a thunderous stare, his jaw clenching in frustration that his failings were so obvious to Bobby and he shoved the money deep in his pocket. He cleared his throat hoping his conflicting emotions of gratitude and hopelessness were not evident in his voice, “Thanks Bobby. I’ll uh…work some extra shifts this next week to pay you back.”
"All the groups don't meet every day," Charlie said starting in a slow meandering walk down the hallway towards the rec room. "Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays are Alcoholics Anonymous, Stress Management, and then LGBTQ is right before dinner."
A buzz echoed through the room when the smaller boy leaned down and gave Dean a soft kiss on the lips before Pam figured that she needed to put a stop to their little love fest as cute as it was before someone started taking pictures and put together a very hostile smear campaign against the two boys.
So instead of answering he just reached out and started undoing the buttons on Dean's vest, reveling in how the other boy's breathing quickened when Castiel pushed him back into a standing position and started untucking his dress shirt from the grey slacks of his suit. His hands went to the larger boy's belt next and Castiel had no intention of letting Dean stop him again when he just wanted to see his boyfriend's eyes go all wide when he finally got to put the practical knowledge that Dean had demonstrated on him into use.
None of those things were going to happen even though sometimes if felt like old age and pie were plotting behind his back to make him go soft around the middle, but that wasn't going to make Dean stop eating burgers and bacon and banana cream pie. No way. He was still in better shape them most guys his age anyway, so that made all those clichéd resolutions about going to the gym not something he was interested in either.
"Relax, Cas. You look fine." Gabriel laughed moving towards the hallway and the stairs and the front door where Dean waited.
Cas decided that it was an expression that could compete with some of Meg's best adorable pouty faces. He cleared his throat in an effort to get his mind off of that track; Dean was straight,
“Yea, I’m a one woman man myself,” Dean said, putting an arm across the queen’s shoulders and pulling him against his side. “Holly strikes me as the jealous type anyway, am I wrong Cas?”
"Good, good," Maggie encouraged, continuing around the group and adding in little pep talks and trivia for the people who appeared to be struggling.
"Dean's not good with telling people that he cares about them, especially if he thinks that they would be better off not knowing how he feels. He's just gotten so used to letting go of everything he wants because it's all he knows how to do, but I know my brother, Cas. And I know how he acts when something is really important to him and how he is now since he thinks he's lost you, just fucking miserable and destroyed. Well, I think you might be the most important thing to ever happen to him."
“Right,” the voice replied, sounding slightly strained. “Well say a Hail Mary tonight, just to be safe.”
Dean swallowed and willed away the image that flashed through his mind of the other boy in his shower and using his body wash. "Go ahead, man. Um…there are clean towels on the shelves in the cabinet."
"So its over then," Dean bit out angrily, wiping a hand over his face because hot tears were threatening to spill out and he didn't know if he had the strength to stop them once they started.
"I'll remind you that you said that the next time I ask you to share your pie with me," the older man joked, his smile not reaching his blue eyes as he sat with a barely there pained groan, taking a sip of his coffee before he sat it to the side. "Now, do you mind telling me what exactly you were doing in Kobe?"
Dean let go of Cas's hip in order to palm his aching erection through his jeans and the smaller boy took full advantage of his new found freedom by arching his back forward into the other boy's caresses, causing his dick to hit the back of Dean's throat, making him panic slightly and try to pull away from his boyfriend only to feel the grip on his hair tighten as Castiel let him come up gasping for air.
"No, its fine. I've got it under control," the woman said with a sigh, flipping her hand over her shoulder dismissively before she got a mischievous glint in her eye and propped her hand on her hip. "And what about you, Blue Eyes? I mean, you don't call. You don't write."
"You don't know that! You can't promise me that one day John isn't going to go too far, push you too hard and you break down and do something that will make me lose you." The smaller boy let out a strangled sob and clutched at his chest right above his heart. "I can't lose you. I just found you."
The first song was this poppy little repetitive number, girls just saying over and over "I've liked you for a thousand years." It hit a little too close to home when it started talking about not being able to wait to see the person that the song was for and the other person not being able to stand to see them in a different way. Dean had to take a moment to remind himself that Cas had made this tape for him back before even he had known that he liked the other boy as much as he did so it wasn't some veiled snub directed towards him.
His therapist, Rachel, had been ‘pleased with his progress’ when he shook her hand at the end of one of their sessions several weeks earlier and he lied to her face easily when he said that he was too. Not to say that he hadn’t made progress. He could now initiate contact with other people without hyperventilating and the small brushes of his fingers against another person’s was usually more than enough to subdue the cravings that his hormonal teenage body had for closer contact.
"Picture some amazing facial hair on him and we have our perfect Ares." Charlie replied ruefully, causing the other man to groan in disbelief. "But seriously, who did you go to meet?"
"I need to go to my car, Cas." Dean said pulling back from the other boy's shaking hands and cursing himself for leaving the things Ash had bought for him in the Impala. He hadn't wanted to seem too eager, to make Cas feel like he
Castiel felt his shoulders tense up at Anna's suggestion, it wasn't completely far-fetched. It was usually Alistair starting something with them, Azazel just followed his lead and most of the time the lanky footballer focused his aggression on Dean, just referring to Cas as 'that fag or homo or queer', depending on how creative he felt like getting with his insults. Rachel had said it was called projection, it was what Daniel had done when he had called Cas a fucking faggot before letting his teammates throw him down the stairs and it was usually the last resort of someone who was scared of something about themselves, seeing it in other people and hating them even more for it.
“Castiel? Are you okay?” Chuck’s voice was worried and confused and for a second his youngest son assumed that maybe something had happened with his little sister, Anna. Maybe she had twisted an ankle or something and would have to sit out the end of the year production that her ballet school put on.
Most of the angry old, white men that made up the board wanted to outright ban same-sex couples from the dance, but the principal had reminded them of the backlash from the last time they had hesitated about enforcing the school's zero tolerance bullying policy. They didn't seem to think that homophobia was the same thing as bullying though; a few even quoted scripture at her when they tried to justify their position, but her fierce expression had caused them to back down fairly quickly.
But when Cas finally drew in a shaky breath and started talking, Sam had a hard time believing that all of this wasn't some sick joke. The only thing that was keeping him from flying apart into a million dagger-sharp pieces was Gabriel's hand clamped vise-like on his knee, pushing him down into the cushions of the sofa with a gentle insistent pressure as the older man's face got more and more grim.
The smaller boy decided to hold onto this, this right here when Dean was flushed and aroused, his lips kiss-swollen and his neck reddened from stubble-burn, pupils blown wide in his green eyes when Castiel pulled back to start fumbling with the fastenings on Dean's jeans. This was what he had become addicted to, the feeling of being wanted by another person; the knowledge that there was another person who felt the same way about him devoid of pity or disgust. He was going to hold on to the memory of that feeling even if Dean stopped loving him and left because it would be proof that someone out there thought that he was worth something.
He wasn't afraid of the whole gay thing or how his family would take it if he were to bring a boy home for dinner or anything. Well, Anna and Cassie at any rate. Even when he had been living at home he hadn't been dumb enough to let his father or older brother catch on to the fact that the 'friends' he stayed over with a lot of the time were really much more than that. His only regret about Pontiac was that he hadn't noticed his younger brother trying and failing miserably at having to hide who he was as well.
"This is good," Castiel decided, voicing the opinion out loud and earning a smile from his future sister-in-law. "I'm happy for you both, really. You'll keep Gabriel from blowing himself up or something."
"I'm working on okay, Anna." Castiel sighed, taking his glasses off so that he could pinch the bridge of his nose and try to relieve the tension headache he could feel bearing down on him. "And honestly, I probably would've missed it anyway; Balthazar forgot to give me my invitation. What is it for anyway?"
"Sucker," Ash crowed, dumping the four or so pills from his own cup into his hand so he could poke through them, taking two with a sip of water and pocketing the rest with a nonchalance that scared Castiel just a little bit. "That's what they get for letting students run the joint, Becky get's boned and I get stoned."
All of that coupled with the fact that he was struggling with the image of God that his father and Raphael had convinced him of when they had him locked in the basement of their house in Pontiac, their hope being that through self-flagellation and stripping him of the few beliefs he had about his creator that his recently revealed homosexuality would just disappear. That God would "cure" him through some modern day miracle and Castiel would be forgiven for killing himself in an effort to make the world a better place if he didn't have liking other men hanging over his head as well when he faced St. Peter for judgment.
"Dress up day?" his friend asked, looking at Dean like he was a starving man who had just walked into a Biggerson's.
Dean arched his back off of the bed, hot white spurts of come spilling into the tight space between their chests and as Castiel watched his lover bite his lip in an effort to stifle his moans and felt him grip his arms tight enough to leave bruises he was gone. Reaching his orgasm just moments after Dean did, his vision going white on the edges and his lover's name falling from his lips over and over like a prayer.
Only it wasn't a perfect vacumm, as much as he may want to just float around in space for a couple of minutes until he could feel his pulse pounding in his fingertips this shower wasn't space and his head wouldn't explode from lack of oxygen no matter how much he may want it to sometimes. And he could hear all of the whispered conversation going on in the room adjacent to the shower like he was living inside of a stereo speaker.
"I'm not from around here," Castiel admitted, smiling earnestly at the girl as she perched on the edge of the booth, settling her tray on the table and propping her head up on one hand. "Is Dean working tonight?"
Cas smiled weakly in return and spun back around to face the judge, perking up when the older man called a recess for lunch before Anna's testimony and Rachel gave her final assessment about his mental health. He practically dove through the short, swinging doors that separated the public seating from the judge and litigants on the courtroom floor, losing himself in the tight hug that Dean wrapped him in and ignoring the derisive snort that he heard come from his Uncle Zach behind him. They were almost done, if justice was served, tomorrow would be a cake walk and they could all finally go home.
"I'm sorry I don't have my other headphones with me," Castiel said looking over at him apologetically and gesturing towards the bulky professional looking headphones looped around his neck. "If I did, we could listen to music or something."
that he was blinded by his fame or culture shocked by the ultra-glow that was just part of living in California; he just didn't know how he was going to get himself out of this situation. The situation that had essentially become Dean staying locked in the closet because of him, at least until he was done promoting the movie and it was out and the next awards season had passed, but that was months and months away. The hazy days of summer were stretching out ahead of him and the most pressing issue was just what Dean's family was going to think of him, not that the whole 'secret-boyfriend' thing was going to win him any brownie points with the maybe, hopefully someday future in-laws, but Cas still held out hope that he could impress them with the ol' Krushnic charm and wit that had always served his own father so well.
“Well, did you ever see her dragged down?” Raphael interjected, still focused on his nails. “Gave the phrase ‘hung like a horse’ a whole new meaning, baby.”
"Hell yea! It means I can watch you during halftime instead of being stuck getting yelled at in the locker room by Uriel."
Two days ago, Cas had been minding his own business at the grocery store, picking up his weekly supply of Ramen cups, Hot Pockets, and Bagel Bites, when he had noticed a frozen lasagna sitting on the shelf next to his usual brand of MSG-laden-noodly-okayness. Now Cas has worked in retail for the last three years, granted it’s a bookstore, but he knows how frustrating it can be to find product in exactly the wrong place. He imagines it would be doubly so if the product was perishable, which luckily books aren’t.
John thought all of this as they worked on Friday morning, glancing over at his son who was holding up a piece of dry-wall for one of the other workers to nail into place. He didn't trust the little faggot, but he wasn't entirely sure that he hated him either. Dean had lied to him for months about that Novak boy; at least Sam had the balls to come out and say that he liked sucking dick, John could almost respect that even if it did make him see green with envy at times.
"Well," Naomi began, following her around the corner and into her office that was little more than a decently sized closet that Tessa had still managed to make her own. "I know that both of the Winchesters were in Chicago all that week with the Novaks, but they're not behind in any of their classes so I'm sure they will have no trouble catching back up-"
"Dean," Castiel asked nervously as the other boy pulled the green Henley over his head. "Is this really necessary?"
Castiel felt his eyebrows furrow in confusion, how did hearing voices not qualify you as being crazy? He didn't hear voices, not even his mom's which sort of scared him sometimes because he was terrified of forgetting what it sounded like, but Missouri still thought that he was cuckoo enough to need treatment for his fucked up head.
"What is this?" Castiel asked, tilting his cup forward so that Charlie could peek into it only for the other girl to respond with a shrug.
Cas let out a broken, unintended sob and buried his face in his hands to muffle the noise. He didn't want Dean or Charlie hearing how miserable he was over their joke, they were probably laughing at him right now and Gabe had always told him not to give bullies the satisfaction of knowing they had gotten to him. But fucking shit, they had gotten to him. He had thought that it was Crowley and Dick or Ruby and Lilith that he had to watch out for; he thought by now he would know when someone was just using him, but well wasn't there some saying about it always being the quiet ones or something?
Castiel just shrugged in response because before his mom got sick he had never really thought about it, not even when he was watching The Notebook with Meg and listening to the other girl's stories about how her great aunt had dementia and how horrible it was to have to watch her forget everything about her life little by little. The conversation had started with him venting about how worried he was about his mom not eating and he still couldn't remember when it had gotten away from him like most of his conversations with his roommate's girlfriend did.
“Good morning,” The other man said with a wide grin once he had Dean’s attention. “Based on your reaction I’m guessing you don’t remember me.”
Dean's smile was like a supernova, like a bomb going off, like puppies and warm brownies and everything that was right with the world all rolled up into one, shimmering ecstatic package that made Castiel thankful for every horrible, terrible thing that had ever happened to him because it had all brought him to this moment, to this person who loved him.
"You sure?" the older man asked and Castiel felt bad for making this man he hardly knew worry about him so much. "His brother and Sam already left, said they were going back to Gabriel's house. Are you here tonight?"
"You're looking pretty spry for a dead guy there, boss," Dean spat out, his hands fisting in the blankets at his sides because if Sam and Crowley and Kevin were all talking to the dead guy in the room then there was definitely trouble in River City.
He nodded at the other boy though part of him was acutely aware that it couldn't possibly be this easy to set two people up. It had never been that easy for him.
"Amazing," Dean muttered under his breath and Castiel felt like maybe he should just do what Meg had said and kiss the other boy to see what would happen.
And then he was gone and Dean was left staring at the space where he had slipped into the tide of moving bodies.
It's happening with this one too guys. The thing where my chapters get longer and longer because my characters just want to do stuff that I have to write because its adorable or genius and I only freaking think of it when I sit down to write. So I'm sorry that this one is so much longer than the others, but I'm not really because you like it don't you? My insanity must be catching.
"Sam, I told you they were here," Gabe complained, Cas heard his brother's house keys clatter into the bowl they kept by the front door and then a couple of thumps that were probably shoes being taken off or luggage being set down. "Both the cars are here and THOSE DICK BAGS ARE PROBABLY FUCKING RIGHT NOW! And that's why they forgot to pick us up from the airport."
He stopped in the middle of the bridge, at the spot where the water ran the swiftest and the deepest and just looked for a couple of minutes as he tried to sort out his feelings. But that was another part of the problem, besides the insomnia and the stress and the nausea and the constant crushing pressure of all of his responsibilities, Castiel hadn’t felt much of anything lately. It was like he was covered in a heavy, wet blanket that just muffled the world and all of its sensations, the good and the bad until they all just bled together into one great big pile of grayish mush.
"What is going on with Dean, Tess?" Naomi asked, stopping the rambling that the other woman only ever did when she was really agitated about something.
"Can you at least tell me how long this has been going on? Because right now, it looks like you've been lying to me for months and I don't want to think about the blackmail that my secretary had been keeping from rolling across my desk. I would hate to fire the poor girl for just doing her job and trying to keep me happy."
The last time Sam had looked like that it had just been for the short week that he had been dating that mouthy brunette girl, Ruby, his freshman year and Jo had tried to be supportive, but Gabe was a whole lot more fun than the broody girl had been and Dean liked the other man, in that roundabout protective way that he had of showing it so Jo was pretty sure he hadn't walked in on his younger brother smoking weed like he had with Sam's ex. And Dean, well he looked like that after every party all smug and cocky, but now with Cas it was underlain with something else, a lightness she had never seen in her friend's face until recently.
Dean was blushing for real now, all the way to the tips of his ears and he wasn't looking at Castiel. This was bad, he should just make an excuse and leave because this was when things got weird and really he had thought he would have longer, but his stupid mouth had decided to ruin any chance of a friendship with Dean in about fifteen seconds. He should staple his lips together or take a vow of silence or something, anything that might give him a chance to actually think before he spoke every once in a while.
"Cas and…Meg?" Dean asked looking around the room to see if anyone else found the pairing as ridiculous as he did.
There was forty minutes left of his allotted hour when Rachel walked into the room, wearing a well-tailored suit and jacket ensemble and looking entirely too satisfied with herself. She sat primly at her desk and started writing quickly on the legal pad, filling page after page with her short hand script that Castiel wished he could read. She wrote for approximately ten minutes, Castiel's heart dropping heavier and heavier in his chest with every passing moment, before she looked up at him with a small smile tugging at her lips.
He hadn't even gone to school on Friday because he was so scared that he would embarrass himself and Castiel with some unwanted romantic declaration for the other boy that everyone would see and make fun of him for when he was inevitably turned down. Instead he had stayed in bed all day, listening to songs that reminded him of Cas on Sam's laptop and drinking from one of his dad's bottles of whiskey that he was pretty sure John wouldn't miss.
The small window abruptly slid open on his left, revealing a smattering of light through the screen that separated him from the person on the other side.
The blonde behind the bar smiled sharkishly at them, eyeing Balthazar for a couple seconds longer than Crowley was entirely comfortable with so he slipped an arm around the director's waist as they leaned together against the bar top. That wiped the smile off her face pretty fast and she sighed heavily when the Englishman ordered his drink and then promptly turned to start kissing Crowley's neck as he grinned triumphantly at the girl and told her to make it two.
"So, what?" Cas snapped, he could feel himself shaking. From anger at her pretending like nothing was wrong and looking so happy or from the nervousness he felt about confronting her he wasn't exactly sure, probably both.
"So are you hungry?" Dean asked, swallowing back the lump that was making his throat tight because he was just not ready to talk about this and he didn't need his brother saying 'I told you so.' "I know Meg knows better than to fuck up anything in my kitchen, but I haven't really been here much lately so there's not really any food here. We can go out, there's a really good food truck nearby that does great breakfast tacos, but it's a bit of a walk. And my car isn't here either, shit. I hope they didn't tow it, I left it downtown-"
Cas struggled into the first clothes that he grabbed out of the dresser before heading down to the kitchen where Charlie and Meg were already up and bustling around a very hungover looking Crowley who was just blearily nursing a coffee at the breakfast nook. The two girls were fluidly moving around the small space like they had been living together for ages and had done more than just spend the night fully clothed in each other's beds once or twice. Balthazar's assistant had told him that she was trying very hard to not get too attached to Meg, Cas wasn't sure how well that was working out for her. Especially not if the way the two girls kept sharing secret smirks with each other when they thought no one was looking was any indication.
As the room filled steadily with students, the buzz of the chattering around him and the shrieks of the old friends having heart-felt reunions began to grate on his nerves. Castiel also noticed that he was drawing far more attention than he liked, he assumed it was because he was new and shiny. He employed his first tactic of avoidance by pulling out his schedule and looking at it, even though he had practically memorized it in the last two weeks since it had came in the mail, and turning up the volume on his iPod. He smirked slightly at the insightfulness of the device that had been playing songs that eerily mirrored his emotions since he had turned the shuffle feature on.
"I can do both," the other man teased, running the hand that had been on Dean's thigh over the curve of his rear with a soft, almost timid caress. "I have a lot of talents."
Meg was standing in the doorway of the break room, frantically flapping her hands around before she settled on covering up the eyes of the red headed girl standing at her side. His friend tried to look anywhere else but at him and Cas who had sighed despondently into his neck and slowly dropped Dean's leg, running his hand up his body and to his shoulder in order to keep him close as they both tried to make themselves look like they hadn't just been caught dry humping against a set of lockers like a couple of lust frenzied high school students.
He loved him so fucking much and even though it was pretty much the scariest realization he had ever had Dean also felt like this wasn't the time to admit how be felt because it would just sound like he was saying it just so that he could sleep with the other boy and that wasn't what he wanted Cas to think at all. And the last time he had said that to anyone, it had been his mom. Then she had left and his loving her hadn't been enough to make her stay to protect him from John, so maybe it wasn't the right word to describe how Dean felt about Castiel. Maybe it wasn't enough.
He thought, pausing over a GRE study guide that was taking up a significant portion of the bag, nestled right next to a copy of his dad's latest book that he had been meaning to read since it had come out almost two years ago. Carver Edlund had gone into hiding while Chuck Shurley was busy taking care of his dying wife and learning how to be alone again for the first time in almost thirty years. Anna had told Castiel the last time he talked to her that their dad had finally gone into his office again, but just to sleep on the couch in there because his bed was too big without their mom and not even looking at his typewriter as he shuffled around the small room.
Meg darted towards her bedroom and Dean took the chance to look at the ceiling hard so that he could blink away the tears that were stinging his eyes, he just felt so stupid for thinking Cas was different. But he wasn't, everything that he had told Dean was just another big fucking lie, like everything else in California was. He needed to pull himself together, Dean and Meg had to be at work soon and he couldn't go in all red-eyed and miserable, that wouldn't be fair to either him or Jess who he knew relied on their pooled tips just as much as he did.
He let out a heavy sigh and ran his hand over his face before taking a hold of Castiel's hand and tugging on it until the smaller boy started following him, across the living room and down the short hallway to his and Sam's room. Dean rushed in first, kicking dirty clothes under the bed and scooping up all of the wrappers for the tacos his brother had gotten for him and shoving them into the small waste paper basket in the corner of the room. He wished that he had known that he and Cas would end up here tonight, he would have cleaned up a bit like he had done on the day that John had chased the smaller boy out of the house with his drunken ramblings.
"He told you all that?" Cas asked concernedly, the only schools he had any intention of applying to were ones where Dean Winchester would be enrolled, if his boyfriend ended up deciding college wasn't for him and wanted to run off to join the circus or something, Castiel planned on being right there next to him walking the tightrope or taming lions until Dean told him to leave.
"What did she say?" Castiel asked, folding up his sunglasses as he meandered into the room, looking around at all of the feminist art and aggressive grrrl-power posters on the walls with an adorably confused expression on his face that had Dean's heart beating faster in his chest.
“Little help?” the guy asked Dean, his voice sounding gruff from the cold and probably exhaustion if the black circles under his eyes were anything to go by.
"Oh-kay?" Dean asked, sighing and shaking his head a little bit. "I uh...I can put this stuff back on I guess. You're being really weird."
“Oh, hey,” the other man had said, blinking wide green eyes up at Castiel in confusion before gesturing with the box he was holding towards the open freezer door. “Do you need in here?”
Even sitting with Meg pressed close against him last night as they had watched a movie on the couch, waiting for Balthazar to get home from a late seminar that he had, hadn’t filled him with the usual thrill he got from being close to the small, assertive brunette. It had just left him feeling cold and empty and awkwardly hard, he hoped that was a good sign. People who were dead inside didn’t get boners still, right?
"So...we're doing this?" Dean asked, biting his lip as he cradled Castiel's jaw in his warm, callused hands and searched his face. "Are you sure, babe?"
"Well, I guess you'll just have to explain their allure to me because I just don't get it." Castiel replied.
"You um...you…" Castiel stalled, glancing at the woman for a second to see if she was okay before doing a double take as he realized that she was the woman that he had met in this same church on Thanksgiving; the one who had given him actually helpful advice. "You! It's you, do you remember me? We met once-"
When he left, squeezed in between Jo and Ash in the cab of the girl's truck, Dean hadn't even tried to talk to him. It seemed like his friend was giving up on trying to apologize for something that he shouldn't have to feel bad about. Castiel shouldn't be being so petty, it wasn't Dean's fault that Cas had a crush on him and that he couldn't reciprocate. Jo had held his hand and let him lean against her as Dean stood arms crossed by the Impala frowning and watching them as they left.
Dean licked his lips one last time before taking a deep breath and guiding the glistening head of Castiel's cock into his mouth, he had to adjust to the taste, the salty bitter almond flavor that was different from how his own come tasted when he had let girls kiss him after they finished going down on him. He wasn't surprised to find that he enjoyed it, just knowing that this was what Cas tasted like when he was turned on and that no one else knew but him, had Dean bobbing his head eagerly on the other boy's hardness and moaning a bit to himself.
"I don't know why you don't like me, Dean." Meg began. "Pretty much the entire time I've known you you've been nothing but a jerk to me. But for some reason, Cas thinks that there's more to you than the asshole jock that you pretend to be in front of everyone else. He told me that he thinks you do it to keep yourself from getting hurt. Dean, he thinks the world of you."
Dean was done. In fact, he was more than done. This day had sucked, this entire fucking week had sucked and the only thing he could attribute it to was the fact that Cas wouldn't talk to him, would barely even look at him and seemed to be spending a lot of time trying to get as far away from him as possible.
Dean's mouth moved to his shoulders, kissing and nibbling at his muscles until he felt the larger boy pulling at his shoulders to roll him over onto his stomach. Like when Cas had started telling Dean about his father and the self-inflicted marks on his back from the thin, stinging leather straps of the flail, he felt his boyfriend's hands moving reverently and slowly over his skin. Dean kneaded the muscles of his neck and back, easing out the last bit of nervous tension that he still was carrying there even after his orgasm. Castiel sighed into the pillows, melting under the soothing caresses of Dean's lips and hands on him and sparing a glance over his shoulder to see the other boy straddling his waist with a serious expression on his face.
With one last look around the parking lot and a hand through his messy hair, he nodded at Charlie that he was ready to go inside. The familiar mirrored hallway was empty and Meg was waiting for them at the end of it, grabbing on to Castiel's hand with a weary looking smile and putting a guiding hand on the small of Charlie's back as she led them quickly to the VIP bar and over to the furthest curtained booth, glaring daggers at anyone who looked like they were about to stop James Collins to ask for his autograph.
"Balthazar," Castiel pointed out, jutting his chin towards the stairs. "You didn't tell me about Balthazar."
"Yea, dude I know." Ash said snatching the magazine out of Dean's hand and shoving it back in the bag, digging his own arm deep into the bottom to pull out the things that he had gotten for his friend. Stuff that he knew Dean probably hadn't thought about needing even though the guy had had more sex than anyone else he knew. "Here man."
"Of course, Kev." Dean assured the younger boy waving at him one last time before the freshman turned and showed himself back out of the house.
He started reading the messages first, still settled on his stomach and kicking his feet up in the air lazily behind him.
"You have a friend at NPR?" Castiel asked, awestruck because he had considered taking his psuedo-apology to the best known form of liberal media, but assumed they wouldn't give him the time of day. He was practically no one, at least until they finished the movie.
“Oh god,” Lexi choked out, shaking her head as she had a vivid flashback of her mother reading her the original tale that her favorite Disney film had been based on and warning her of the limbo she would be trapped in if she let love blind her to the faults of others. “That’s so much worse, I’m going to burn this friggin’ costume later. Eve can just take it out of my check for all I care.”
"No, ma," Castiel sighed, grimacing as Meg poked him hard in the ribs again in an effort to get his wallet. "Just...hold on ma, hold on. Here, Meg! Now leave me alone until the cable car gets here."
"No," Castiel joked, flushing hot under the other man's scrutiny before he pushed the sleeves of his cardigan up high on his arms. "I mean, its not like Crowley and Dick know what they're talking about anyway, right? You haven't like known them for years or anything."
"Kill me," Cas begged, his face flaming with shame and self-hatred because Charlie was laughing at him and he couldn't even fucking masturbate anymore without becoming the butt of someone's joke. A thought struck him, one that sent a bolt of horror shooting straight into his stomach making him feel like he was about to barf all over Charlie's worn off-brand Vans. "Where's Dean? Did he hear me too? God, I messed it all up didn't I?"
He heard Castiel clear his throat above him and felt him shift uncomfortably in the seat, okay maybe he was pushing it a bit, but after having been apart from the other boy for most of the week, Dean needed this, this closeness with his friend.
She tossed her phone down into the cup holder and smiled over at the two siblings as she pointed her truck towards the convenience store closest to Meg's apartment complex.
They meandered back over to the large round table that the gang had claimed as their own for the night, the girls abandoning their purses there since Cas had been watching over them all evening and the boys steadily losing their suit jackets as the room had warmed up from the body heat of the assembled students. Jo and Adam were sitting there with Cas who was wringing his hands and watching the dancing couples nervously.
"It's okay," Dean said, wincing when he looked down at the crescent shaped imprints that his nails had left on the other man's rear, marks that were welling up with blood right under the surface of Castiel's skin. "I got you too, sweetheart. We'll call it even."
"Dude, are you serious?" Ash asked, fidgeting with the Velcro on his leather motorcycle gloves agitatedly. "I didn't think you would be like this. I thought that Dean would y'know...that you would
"She's leaving the hospital," Dean answered since Becky had just taken a bite out of her pigs in a blanket. "But just to go to another one, the one where the specialist is. Right Becks?"
"I bet you do," Tessa muttered, earning a scathing look from the other man before she waved that he could continue the story.
Dean let out a heavy breath and leaned back in his chair. He looked between the two guys in front of him and tried to reconcile the image he had of his younger brother with this new, overwhelming information.
He had to be at work soon and all he wanted to do was punch the nearest man wearing a V-neck shirt in the throat because TMZ had just posted the latest round of behind the scenes photos from the
"Jeez, look at your competitive streak," Dean replied, brow furrowed confusedly as he shook his head at Charlie in a 'can you believe this guy?' kind of way. "It's not that important, Cas, really. Winning is just more for bragging rights, it's not like there's a prize or anything."
"Hey, uh...since we're sorta friends now," Cas called, catching the other woman just as she started to slip quietly out of the doors. "Can you tell me your name? Please?"
"Listen, Father or Rabbi or whatever you are." Dean began, shouldering his way in front of Castiel who now looked like the scary kind of pissed that was only reserved for serial killers and soccer moms. "You may be a laughingstock, but all of the Novaks that I know are kind and generous and brave. They have more chutzpah in one finger than you will probably ever have in their lives and Cas didn't die, won't die because of you or himself or anyone else just because you don't like the things he chooses to do with his life."
"I'm sure it's the same thing the rest of us see," Gilda said shrugging and tugging him gently back towards the door. "You're not a bad person, Dean. You take care of Sam and you stick up for your friends and the things you believe in. You're so self-sacrificing that it's painful to watch sometimes and you do whatever you can to help people. No one is perfect and Cas knows that, in fact, I think that's a bit of what he loves about you. That you're real. You just need to get over this whole knight in jaded armor thing, you and Cas were made for each other. Trust me."
like any run of the mill strip club you might have seen in the movies and unless you were in the know, that’s really all it was.
"No," he said biting the inside of his cheek to keep himself from protesting more than that because otherwise it would sound suspiciously like he had something to hide. "I have to call my family, Missouri had some questions she wanted me to ask my dad."
He had propped up the cheap, but still decent telescope that he had brought on the dash, angling it through the part of the car where the windshield used to be before the accident that had twisted the car's rear had put the Buick out of commission for good. There was a blanket folded up in the passenger seat that Dean had covered with a tarp after clearing them of snow the day before and all of the certificates had arrived in the mail on Tuesday, but the only thing he had framed was the star chart because it was what Cas would need to find the damn thing on his own if he wanted to.
Beside Castiel, Dean scoffed, rolling his eyes and muttering something that sounded exceptionally profane under his breath.
"I...I am sorry, Castiel," Crowley said haltingly, surprising the actor by apologizing twice in one day; it was certainly more than he had ever heard the other man do so ever before. "Had I...I mean, if I had only known that you were so unhappy…I thought it was just sex. You didn't tell me you were looking for...companionship or a relationship. I would have...bollocks! We could have accommodated it is what I'm trying to say. Built towards you publicly coming out sooner so that we wouldn't be in this predicament. Being in a long-term, monogamous relationship, even if it is with another man, is less abhorrent to most people than frequenting prostitutes"
“Um, yes.” Castiel said fidgeting with his glasses that had started slipping off his face as he broke out in one of the unexpected cold sweats he had started experiencing over the last couple of weeks. “I uh…I want to kill myself.”
"Man, HYDRA must really be scraping the bottom of the barrel these days," the archer drawled, spitting another mouthful of blood onto the dirty concrete floor at the feet of the rough looking Asian man nearest him. "But I guess getting the wind knocked out of your sails by an organization you'd thought you bagged might leave you scrambling for good help that hasn't been compromised."
He tapped out a few random notes with his right hand, adjusting the volume with his left until Cas was sure that it probably wouldn't be noticed by anyone walking by. The high, clear notes made him smile as he settled his left hand over the lower pitched keys; repeating the random notes in the deeper register a couple of times and mirroring them back and forth between his hands until the sounds wove together to form a complex harmony. He settled on the E, Cminor, Aflat, and A chords; the muscles and tendons in his hands stretching to accommodate the familiar, but almost forgotten reach of his fingers as they tried to press the keys he needed to use to play the song that was spilling through his mind.
He pulled on the other man's belt loops, dragging him towards the bedroom as he moved backwards through the small space, navigating easily around the couch and coffee tables that stood between the pair and their destination.
He could hear how high-pitched and hysterical her voice was and okay, he needed to focus so that he could try to calm her down before she had a panic attack; because of Cas he knew what the beginnings of one looked like now. Her breathing had gotten faster when she saw him and she had started clutching at her chest in that way that Cas did when he was trying to make his lungs work like they should, the last thing he needed was her fainting or screaming or something and just drawing this out more than it needed to be.
He stood there for a second, trying to imagine himself in the cafeteria eating whatever food they put in front of him and being ignored by everyone else, just like in high school. Just like his whole life.
"It's not that," Dean whispered, moving to kiss his face and slowly pushing his legs down and off of his hips so that he could sit up. "Trust me, sweetheart. It's not that I'm worried about getting the car messed up or anything."
He stopped in front of one of the nightstands beside the bed and looked down at it as he considered his options. The table had a small lamp on it as well as a copy of
He smirked at that, rolling his eyes and going back to his cleverly disguised salad as Charlie and Becky started arguing about who was better suited for Buffy, Angel or Spike. Ash piped in saying that he had always thought Riley was a pretty stand up dude, but Cas didn't have enough knowledge about the show to voice an opinion of his own. Plus he was too caught up in his head, where he was quietly ranting to himself about how unprepared he was for anything Dean might want from him. He had never had a relationship or even just a fuck buddy. Shit, he was still a fucking virgin and he could count on one hand the number of girls he had kissed.
Meg was the only one who knew about the mix tape and Cas's self-imposed deadline. She thought it was really dumb and didn't ever waste an opportunity to tell him so, she said that he should've taken Dean out to some romantic spot and played him the juicy side of the tape so that when the inevitable kissing happened they wouldn't have to look for a private spot to molest each other. Dean's time was halfway up and it was making Cas nervous.
Later, it got even harder. When his drinking got worse, more obvious and the school board started pushing her to fire him even though he was one of the best teachers in the entire school. She couldn't do it then because it would just seem like she was only keeping him around in order to be close to him, which may be partially true, but it didn't explain away the fact that he loved teaching, was amazing with the students and it would break his heart all over again to lose the interaction he had with the kids. That was the first time she stood up to the school board about something, staking her own reputation to protect the job of a man who couldn't even iron or shave without being reminded to by Naomi.
He knees were already starting to hurt from kneeling near the mesh screen that separated him from the priest and he was starting to feel stupid for thinking this was what he needed in order to feel better, but after admitting to how Dean how weak and broken he was the only thing he could think of doing when he couldn't reach Rachel at her emergency number was the comforting stillness he always had as a child after confessing to pulling his sister's hair or purposely stealing the batteries out of the remote so Raphael had to get up to change the channel to get to whatever game was playing.
Dean was starting to feel really creepy about how much he liked the idea of Cas seeing the parts of his life that he kept everyone else locked out of. It wasn't normal to want to be around your guy friends that much.
But that was a long ways off, light years away and right now he had enough salsa packets to make him find anything appetizing. So he carefully put his coffee on Dean's tray, finally glancing up to make sure that he wasn't receiving any weird looks from the other people seated at the table with him and noticing for the first time that Charlie was just poking at her pancakes with a teary eyed expression on her face while Becky sat right beside her, usurping Ash's seat so that she could pat the other girl comfortingly on the back.
Castiel groaned softly and arched up into Dean's touch like a cat being petted, the muscles of his back caused the scars to ripple and flash an almost silvery white as they moved when the smaller boy turned his head to crack a sleepy eyelid at Dean. He swallowed back the bile that had risen up in his throat as he thought of him not being able to protect Cas like he deserved and tried to breathe when the other boy smiled at him, blearily.
Castiel debated about whether or not to call Dean one last time before trying to go to sleep in the bed that felt obnoxiously massive without another person sharing it with him, but he was scared of Crowley hearing him talking to someone through the door, barging in without knocking like he was wont to do and catching him being sentimental and love-struck on the phone with Dean. So he didn't, stripping off the clothes he had been wearing and rummaging out one of Dean's shirts that Alfie had squirreled away at the bottom of his laundry hamper while Cas had been giving the two other men a tour of the rest of the house.
The second was sort of on accident because he ran into Chris while he was out at the grocery store picking up something that he could try to pass off as edible for Crowley and Balthazar's delicate foreign palettes. It turned out that the teacher was staying at a condo nearby while he was acting as a visiting instructor at the San Francisco Art Institute, having switched offices and homes with another photography professor during the semester which was soon ending. They had gone out to lunch and Chris had apologized for not having called sooner to set up a proper date, though it had only been a couple of days since they had met at the bar.
Gabriel had teased him mercilessly over the weekend when he had emerged from his bedroom on Saturday night for dinner with his hair hopelessly mused and his face all red from Dean's stubble scratching against his skin, as the larger boy made himself presentable to join the rest of them. Sam had joined in, earning a punch on the arm from Dean and Anna had just rolled her eyes at all of them, texting Kevin with a secretive smile on her face. It was uncomfortable in a way that felt okay, a way that made him feel like he finally had his family back together.
He fought against the panic that griped him when the automated system asked for him to insert name here when it was telling Meg who she was getting a collect call from, half of him prayed that she would reject the call because then that would be a sort of finality, the ultimate way of her saying that she didn't want to have anything to do with him. It would be like hearing her say 'Castiel who?' after he said his name, but of course that wasn't what he heard because the little automated voice lady was talking again, telling him that his call had been accepted and he was about to die right there on the cold tile floor from a fucking heart attack.
his mother asked, sounding confused and disappointed and sad for him all at the same time. His parents had been highly involved with PFLAG back in Boston before his dad's memory had started to go and he knew that his mother did not approve of him having to hide in order to be taken seriously as an actor. "
It was still wholly unbelievable and surreal and none of it felt real, but when Cas took the time to think about it he decided he deserved this. After everything that he had been through with his father and Daniel why should it be so hard to believe that someone could find something in him to love? He just needed to keep hearing it and saying it to Dean so that the other boy didn't get freaked out when all their friends left and the two of them were alone with nothing but their feelings for each other.
"Is that your subtle way of asking why I'm here?" Castiel asked, pushing an agitated hand through his hair and picking up his tea so that he could take his own pills.
"You did a great job, Uncle Bobby," Dean assured the older man, not bothering to fix his hair before he reached over to turn the volume of the radio up a few notches.
“Karen!” his wife said, rushing up with the now curious looking Sam in her arms; John thought that he was way too big to still be carried around like that all the time. “You came! And these must be your boys, Castiel and Samandriel.”
Balthazar always seemed to be dressed to impressed even though when off camera the contestants spent most of their time playing cards in their hotel, forbidden to go out for even a nightcap by their contracts and an ever watchful security team. They also couldn’t have cell phones, web access, watch the news, or have any contact whatsoever with their family and friends; which was a whole separate bitch in and of itself. One thing that all of the contestants had agreed on though was that their rooms had great mini bars, an even better porn selection, and more than enough take-out menus to suit every possible taste.
“So where is this no doubt beautiful work that you want to get covered up?” Billie asked blandly, taking a seat on a small rolling stool that had been tucked into the corner.
"So he agreed to try to family therapy thing again?" Dean asked, licking his lips in a suddenly nervous way that made Cas was to reach out and grab his hand to reassure him, but he wasn't sure if Missouri would be mad. The doctor may have already figured out that he liked Dean, but he wasn't sure how much PDA she would tolerate before she told Dean it would be better for his treatment if he just...didn't with Cas.
about the movie; Becky Rosen had made him seem charming and self deprecating and Dean had sent him a picture of him, Meg, and Jess sitting at the bar all reading a copy of it together. That's all he had had all week, text messages and hurriedly whispered conversations with the other man and it wasn't enough.
He was still trying to sort out his feelings when he headed into the cafeteria and sat down at the same table that Ash was already sitting at, still wearing the thick driving gloves that he had been wearing earlier and swearing up and down to Bobby that he could hear secret government radio chatter through the fillings in his teeth anytime metal touched his skin. Just when Castiel had started to think that maybe there were more than a handful of normal people in this place, he heard something else that threw him for a loop. Dick and Crowley were speculating at a nearby table about how muffins made out of babies might taste and Ruby and Lilith were laughing over something like they hadn't been threatening to murder each other just hours before.
"I thought you had left," Dean admitted softly, ashamed that the idea had even entered his mind in the first place. Cas wouldn't do that to him, he had promised that he wouldn't run away from him anymore and so far he had kept his word. "I was going to go look for you."
"I swear to god, I will fucking break it down." Dean sounded worried and desperate and it was enough to bring Castiel back to himself for long enough to reach out and flip the lock on the door so the other boy could get in.
Practically everyone was sporting paint embedded under their fingernails or hands that were tinted graphite grey from moving over recently made pencils marks, there was no way in hell he was going to be able to figure out who had done the drawing, not without asking around and that was the whole stranger thing coming back to bite him because just the thought of talking to anyone besides Ash or Charlie or Dean or even fucking Crowley made his throat dry and achy.
"Oh hell no," Jo's voice rang out loudly for Castiel in the quiet vortex that had just become his labored breathing and the endless, stream of numbers filing orderly through his mind.
"That douchebag has got to be cheating," Meg complained across the bar from him, where he had was leaning as he thought of a reply to send to Cas. She tilted the screen of her phone towards him and he raised his eyebrows at the length of the words that Ash was putting together, the DJ had some serious scrabble skills. "Ask Clarence for some help, he probably read Shakespeare and all that shit so he's gotta have some awesome Elizabethan words stored away in that sexy noggin of his."
"So you aren't going to think of something that you want as a prize?" Cas asked, breathing a little easier because Dean wasn't mad at him and fucking hell he didn't want to lose this just now that he had found it. He felt more alive than he had since starting college. "I might win just because I'm more motivated than you are."
They were each other's closest confidants and protectors, sticking up for each other against school yard bullies, earning more black eyes and busted lips than either of their mom's were comfortable with. That had turned into John providing refuge for Bobby when things got really bad at home, when he couldn't watch his mom cower and cringe away from every move his father made even though the older man's words bruised just as badly as his fists did. Their first kiss had been bloody and teary and more about Bobby needing to feel like somebody, anybody cared about him enough to not think that he was worthless than actually acting on the feelings for John that he had kept pent up over the years.
“Ugh, Becks really?” Charlie scoffed, looking Crowley up and down with a disgusted expression on her face. “You could do so much better.”
Out on the main floor, the presentation was at least good enough to draw in the mismatched crowd of rambunctious bachelor parties just looking for a few lap dances and loyal regulars with tastes that ran from particular to downright kinky. It
Dean shook his head, he knew that he hadn't, but he thought he might be able to imagine how it would feel. Maybe a bit like driving Baby on the long stretch of highway between Lawrence and Kansas City, watching the speedometer climb and feeling the wind whipping through the open windows. It may feel a bit like being invincible.
"Because they want us to break," Castiel explained, prying himself out from underneath Dean's weight so that he could clamber into the Impala. "People like that have a hole in their lives, something they're trying to hide or fill by pointing out the flaws in other people, all of it is trying to take the attention off of the problems in their own lives because the last thing anyone wants is to be pitied."
Sam spent the week between his college courses ending and his junior year of high school beginning trying to get back into a familiar routine that didn't involve him cramming for tests or pining over someone who made him question why following The Plan was the only way he could be happy. He buried memories of how easy it had been to smile and laugh around Gabriel and resigned himself to another school year of debate and National Honor Society and kissing the ass of every teacher he had so that they wouldn't automatically assume he was as much of a slacker as his older brother was sometimes. It was what he had been wanting after all, right? To have it end?
Castiel fell out of the shower, fumbling for the door so that it didn't slam shut behind him and give him away as his eyes adjusted to the slightly brighter light of the hallway after having sat in complete darkness in the tiled room. He stripped off his damp socks and padded back to his room, peeking around the corner with as much stealth as he could manage before rushing the fifteen feet or so to his room on the other side of the hallway.
Also guys, I have a tumblr where I sometimes post up stuff that doesn't make it anywhere else (drabbles, ficlets, random spn stuff) its :deathsteelwriter. So visit me if you feel like it, I am a lot less creepy than you are probably picturing.
"I know," Dean breathed, leaning back so that he could start to kiss down Castiel's chest as he slid to the floor between his spread knees. "I know what you need Cas, I've got you."
Castiel shrugged and shivered, walking slowly through the park and looking up at the stars that were shining brightly in the clear night sky. "Maybe. It depends on if Gabriel beat me home."
"Why?" He asked, biting his lip as soon as he said it because the therapist quirked an amused eyebrow at him and shifted to settle back more comfortably in her seat with her arms crossed over her desk. "I-I mean, it's just a nice drawing. Dean draws so I thought that maybe he—"
"Castiel," Dean muttered moving to sit next to his friend and trying not to look at the flowers because it just made him feel cheap and hopeful all at the same time.
"You go over there and you tell him to play something slow, something you think you can follow to. Dean knows how to dance, just trust that he'll lead you." Gilda said lowly, glancing over at Dean who had an annoyed look on his face as he tried to hear what she was saying.
his traitorous mind supplied. Okay, so the guy had cheekbones that could probably cut glass and the stubble on his cheeks, while probably unintentional since the guy was over fifteen minutes late to the first day of school, gave his face a rugged quality that most producers probably salivated over when casting action films. He had these amazing cupids bow lips that were currently twisting into a sheepish grin as he quietly shut the door to the classroom behind him. The boy's nose was Romanesque, casting his face into sharp profile, but had a slight bump, as if it had been broken and had not been reset properly, but Castiel decided that it only added character to the face before him.
Oh god, this was a date and Cas a was still wearing the ‘Ass: The Other Other White Meat” apron his brother had gotten him as a gag gift for his birthday last year. Someone put him out of his misery.
"No," the other man laughed, smiling widely at how flustered Castiel was. Well, at least one of them was enjoying his brainlessness. "I'll give you that one since you're learning how to play. We'll start over, are you ready now?"
"Nah," Dean said nonchalantly, shrugging a bit as he spoke. "I've taken art classes on and off at Brooklyn Community, but school's just never really clicked for me. Most of my teachers are assholes anyway."
"What are you talking about!? You're a crazy person, Dean!" Meg screamed back at him, looking more confused than angry, but not yet over the fact that Dean kept calling her a bitch. "Luc is my boyfriend, how could I be cheating on Cas?"
Cas thrust into his hand, slick with precome and sweat, grinding his hips down onto Dean's cock with the neediest of whines that warned the other man as he came spilling all over his fist and both of their abdomens as Dean drove against his prostate with a possessive strength that made him more sure than ever that this was right, that what he had with the bartender was worth all of the trouble that all of this was going to be in the long run and that every single one of his few boyfriends in Boston had been wrong when they said he wasn't worth waiting around on; waiting until he gave up the pipe dream of acting and finally picked a real job.
Dean might have already accepted the fact that Cas wouldn't want what was left of him if he made it back to Lawrence, but that didn't mean that he wouldn't always want the other boy. If anything, all of this just made Dean even more certain that Cas was the love of his life. Hell, he'd jump in front of a gun for the other boy a thousand times over if it meant he'd be alive, even if they weren't together. He tried not to think too much about a future where he and Cas weren't together, even if it was looking more and more like that was going to be the future he ended up having.
"Bullshit, Benjamin Bratt came into the bar the other day and that guy is a total DILF with a 'Y'." Meg joked, nudging Dean in the side softly with her elbow.
"It's fine Dean, I'm fine. They were just stupid kids. Its adults who do stuff like that that should go to jail. I forgave those boys a long time ago; there are other people more deserving of me hating them."
"You're the cute one," Castiel groaned, kicking his heels against the outside of the couch in frustration as the rest of what Dean had said started to slip away from him as his brain struggled back to life. "God! I am not cute, why would you say that?"
He heard a slight chuckle come from the other man before light spilled in across the screen, illuminating the profile of the priest as he stepped out. "If you can answer that, son, then you have just solved all of the problems of theology in one existential crisis."
Later that night, after a lengthy phone call with Sam where they both tiptoed around the topic of everyone they had lost and focused on happier topics like the new dog that Sam and Eileen were fostering, Dean layed in bed and listened to that stupid mixtape he’d given Cas once upon a time. It was about the only time he could stand to listen to Led Zeppelin anymore, when he was wallowing.
The feeling of the other man's warm, cautious touch against his skin was almost enough to make him come undone right then, but he fought to control how badly he wanted to shake apart because he didn't want to make the wrong move and upset Dean again. And his mouth felt really dry, like there wasn't enough liquid in the world to possibly make the actual act of kissing him appealing for anyone no matter how much they liked him. Cas should just bail on this right now; run away or make an excuse to get out of this because the last thing he wanted to do was see the disappointed look on Dean's face when he realized how unsexy and inexperienced he actually was.
The tip off had been when Dean had pointed out a cluster of stars and declared that it was the Pac-man nebula. He had poked at his friend until they had both been sprawled out and breathless from falling off of the table with laughter and onto the ground. Their legs had gotten tangled up and Dean's face flushed from the cold had been absolutely adorable.
How had he been so stupidly complacent to just let Dean deal with John alone? When had he gotten so wrapped up in Gabe that he had become blind to what was going on with the rest of his family? Why had Cas waited so long to tell them about all of this?
"C'mon, Cas." Dean whined, reaching out and grabbing hold of his friend's hand, tugging slightly to break the loose grip that Meg still had on Cas's sweater. "It'll take five minutes."
for the other boy as his Valentine's Day present and how his dad probably wouldn't even notice if he and Cas got their own place together as long as he still had a lift home from the bars when he was in town. "I'll be here, waiting for you to come home."
“Yea,” Dean croaked, licking his suddenly dry lips and willing the sudden nerves he was experiencing to calm the fuck down. “I guess they do.”
"Dude who's not?" Dean replied easily, plopping down on the couch as Becky got up and moved to a nearby chair on Charlie's other side. The other man patted the vacated seat beside him, immediately draping his arm around the back of Castiel's shoulders once he had sat down gingerly after glancing around to make sure that Missouri wasn't around. "Girls, what are we watching?"
"So we're sad why?" Castiel asked, because somebody had to and it's not like he was going to make it through the day without saying something dumb eventually so he might as well start early.
The morning the bomb dropped, as Castiel had affectionately started likening the commencement of his senior year to the detonation of atomic missiles, had been clear, the slight smell of ozone in the air and the sheen on the ground being the only evidence of the rain that had fallen overnight. Castiel cut his morning run short of its normal five miles in order to get home and surprise Anna and Gabriel with breakfast, seeing as how he wasn’t very good at verbally expressing affections he had decided that waffles would obviously be the next best thing. The sentiment was cut short when Castiel stepped into the house after his cool down in the front yard had left him breathless and sweaty only to be slapped in the face by the overwhelming smell of bacon. He rounded the corner from the hallway to see Gabriel bouncing around the kitchen singing some inane top 40s song wearing a “Kiss the Cook” apron.
Dean took a steadying breath and sat back up, pulling away from Castiel slightly so that he could look at him. His friend's face just looked so open and trusting and Dean knew that if he said what he was thinking that it would just ruin everything. Because he had started remembering what had been going on with him and Cas at Jo's party and those little things that had gone through his head that night that he thought he would forget about were becoming really hard to ignore.
"Those fucking assholes," Dean growled out behind him and Castiel spun around so that he was facing the other boy. "They should be locked up."
When he had left her party the night before he had promised to call, but she hadn't let him go until he had made solid plans with her. So Dean invited her to the only social event that he was going to where he could shrug her off without seeming like a complete asshole. Jo had friends from a lot of different schools, a hazard of the part-time job she had at the public pool as a lifeguard over the summer and all of the volunteer work she did with the Young Democrats and Dean figured there would be at least one person he could foist Cassie off on.
"Alistair swung first so that's probably why Kevin didn't get in as much trouble as Uriel wanted him to," Anna continued, seemingly unaware of realization that Castiel was having. "And Kev was just like, Bam! Pow! Whoosh! He did this amazing spinning kicky thing and just whipped Alistair's legs out from under him before he even got close to touching him. Azazel tried to step up and he flipped him, you know that kid is so much bigger than him, Cas and Kevin just flipped him on to his back without even trying. It was so amazing."
The larger boy smiled and leaned down to press a kiss against the spot on Castiel's chest where he knew the other scar was the one that had never seemed ominous until that morning. "So we aren't breaking up or anything, right?"
“Deal?” Dean questioned, ignoring the way his heart fluttered at hearing the angel say those three words again when he’d thought he never would.
"Not at all, Mr. Winchester," Mrs. Barnes replied, her voice dripping with a mixture of amused sarcasm and boredom. "We're honored you've decided to join us. Now if everyone will turn to the sixth page of your handbook…"
Castiel started to answer, but Dean wasn't exactly listening to him. The other man was taking edging, hesitant steps towards the closed bedroom door and Cas felt like something was about to break in him as the other man continued to talk.
“You don’t eat heroin you fucking moron!” The brunette yelled and Castiel slipped around the corner as quickly as he could when he saw that she was rearing back to throw her heavy boot at the other girl, but based on her aim when she threw the dictionary he didn’t want to be caught in the crossfire.
"Because I do," Castiel replied simply, kissing Dean on the forehead and settling back into the pillows he was lying on like that was that.
Castiel's vision started to get black around the edges as he began to struggle for air and he really regretted not taking his medication for the last couple of days because he had been feeling better and he didn't think that he needed it anymore. He thought he was getting better, Rachel even said he was doing better and he didn't want to be this weak little thing that Dean was stuck with out of a sense of obligation. He wanted to be whole and perfect for the other boy because that's what Dean deserved.
"And you're both still alive, I'm impressed Meg. I didn't think you would hold back how much you didn't like him."
"You're opening up in therapy and you're writing down your feelings," she said listing off the things that he has accomplished over the last several weeks in order to try to make him feel better about retelling his breakdown in more detail over the phone that he had ever felt comfortable with doing during their sessions. She was also fairly certain that his siblings had never before heard the extent to which Castiel has suffered at their father's hands.
"There's nothing to apologize for, Castiel," Rachel said, her tone taking on a softer lilt that reminded Cas of someone trying to appease a hysterical child. Fuck, maybe that's exactly what he was. "I would never have given you my personal number if I didn't want you to use it. In case you didn't know, that's not typical behavior for a therapist."
"So he's not like that normally, right?" Castiel asked, crossing his arms over his chest and willing away the image of the jagged scars on Dean's arms that he hadn't been able to shake for the entire rest of the group therapy. "Yesterday he seemed so mellow."
Gabriel noticed the younger boy looking at the vehicle forlornly as the set off away from the apartment complex and he couldn't help himself from chuckling as he bumped his friend conspiratorially with his shoulder. "Easy tiger. You'll get to ride in her eventually."
Jo had picked some romantic comedy for movie night and Dean was just trying to make it through it with his sanity as he sat curled up in the armchair with Cas and Meg sitting on the floor in front of him. Every time the girl leaned over and whispered something he could almost hear into his friend's ear and Castiel responded to it with that small quirk of his lips that he got when he was amused, but trying to be quiet about it, it just killed him a little more inside.
Dean's soft, sincere reply of "I love you too, ya dork." was what snapped Cas out of the fantasy, his eyes burning from the overly bright fluorescent lighting in the ceiling above him and the harsh reality of rapidly cooling come on his hand and abdomen reminding him that all of that was something that he had just made up in his head. Sure Dean liked him, but they hardly knew each other; it was only endorphins and his overactive imagination that made him throw around the only four-lettered word that Cas had specially reserved for his family and Meg. Even if he said it to Dean in real life, the other man would never say it back.
"I'm sorry," Castiel replied, moving back in for another kiss in order to keep Dean from blaming himself for something that neither one of them could control. "You did nothing wrong. Dean, you're perfect."
"I'm homeless," he heard come from behind him, Charlie's voice sounding so nonchalant and heartbreakingly used to the fact that she didn't have a bed or a couch or a closet to call her own that Castiel could hardly stand it.
"Cas," Dean breathed into his mouth, breaking away so that he could place a bruising, biting kiss on his collarbone. "I want you so much. I want everyone to know you're mine."
"I didn't ask for yours or anyone else's help, dad." Dean pleaded, holding his hands up to show John they were empty as he stood up and took a tentative step towards the older man. "There's nothing wrong with me, I love Cas."
He nodded, feeling self-hating tears prick at the back of his eyes and pinching the bridge of his nose in an effort to stem them; Castiel didn't know why he felt like crying all of a sudden.
"I don't know Dean," Charlie mused thoughtfully, tapping on her lips with her fork. "I thought you were pretty cool, but I was a loser. Everyone was cool to me."
Bad news though (or good, depends on your POV). I've decided to take this fic off hiatus (obvs), but in its place Nomad by Fate is going ON hiatus. That means it will not be updated at all until either Deep in the Heart or IKOAFS are completed.
, old timey movie in love with Meg. But Dean was nice and funny and he didn't have to try so hard to not be weird around the other man; try to hide how bad things had actually gotten with the not eating and being depressed like he did with Meg because they were in a psych ward and being weird was kind of a prerequisite for being here.
"And then there were three," Charlie declared ominously, popping her knuckles as she glowered menacingly at Dean and Castiel for about two seconds before the expression broke and she let out a giggle. "We're playing right? I've decided I want ice cream when I win and I know you can get it Dean so I'm ready to bring the pain."
It made him feel better that Cas let him give him a ride back to the actor's house in Sea Cliff, Meg and Charlie were with them too, but Dean justified the other man sitting with him in the front because Meg was leaning forward from the back with one of her arms draped idly over the seat and across his boyfriend's chest. In the rearview mirror he could see that her other one was held tightly in both of Charlie's in the red head's lap, but Meg was a much better actress than Hollywood had apparently given her credit for because she just kept glancing over at Dean with a small, knowing smile on her face and chatting about nothing in particular.
"Guess what I found?" Castiel asked teasingly, swinging his feet slightly as Dean raked his eyes over the other man, trying to decide if this was hot or an invasion of privacy or just really fucking hot.
An unfamiliar voice questioned through the earpiece as the law student put the phone back to his head.
Dean tried to make himself say something, either the apologetic speech that he had worked out in order to get back in his friend's good graces or maybe what he had figured out about Michael or even just tell him right there in the middle of the hallway that he thought Cas was amazing and funny and beautiful and that he cared him in a way that was more than friends. But nothing was coming out and as the silence stretched out around them Dean could feel the opportunity slipping away along with his chance to come clean with his friend.
“C’mon you two,” Charlie announced, bouncing up to where Dean and Castiel sat with a Red Bull in her hand. “Your turn with Stevie for the twirly gig shit.”
He shivered in the cold evening air and looked around miserably at all of the Halloween decorations that were popping up all over town, Meg and Jo were already plotting and planning this huge party on the Saturday before the holiday at the end of the month and Castiel would probably have to go to it alone, watch all of his friends being happy with their significant others, watch Dean go off with some easy girl dressed up as a slutty version of something that wasn't meant to be slutty, a vending machine or something.
had shown that the other man had real talent and Dean didn't know why it had taken this long for someone to finally see it. He figured it was for exactly that reason, his partner had too much respect for himself to whore himself out for a role and it's not like he hadn't done anything since moving to California, Dean figured he was just choosy when it came to projects, waiting on something that he thought would suit him, right?
"Not my boyfriend," the woman interrupted after a disgusted sounding scoff, dropping his hand back down to tug at the oversized t-shirt she was wearing as a dress with a pair of brightly colored leggings. "And I don't give a fuck if he's mad, assholes been making my life miserable."
the voice on the other end countered and Castiel was immediately relieved that there was someone who could possibly sass right back at his brother answering his phone, for whatever reason it may be. Michael was far too used to people bowing and scraping and worshipping him for Castiel's taste, he needed to be brought back down to this planet once and a while and really the task should fall to more people than just their immediate family.
He had been working the main area of the club that night and while the tips had been good, he had been beset upon my weepy boys who were just heartbroken that Hugh Jackman had been robbed of his award. Normally he liked the attention that his looks got him, but that night he had wanted nothing more than a good hard fuck from someone who would take control of the tryst and he sure as hell wasn't going to get it from one of the wispy twinks that had been all over him that night.
"Anatomy is on the test right?" Dean replied innocently, running his hands along the other boy's back noticing the flecks of paint splatter on Cas's shirt for the first time.
Dean stopped outside of a small door and debated for a moment, it wasn't the best option, but he was pretty sure that at this point in the night most of the other rooms would have amorous couples in compromising positions and he didn't want to subject Cas to something as awkward as that. He looked over his shoulder at Castiel and gnawed on his lip before pushing open the door and pulling the other boy inside.
," Dean replied angrily. "I'm not trying to prove anything to anyone. I just wanted to fucking dance with him, it's a fucking dance! It's what you do! I don't think that's asking too much of him."
"My whole life doesn't revolve around Dean," Castiel bit out quickly, blinking back the tears that sprung up unbidden when he realized that it never would. Because he was poison and would just end up leaving Dean with more scars to nurse if he stayed in the other man's life. "I don't feel well and I just want to stay in bed until they send me home. Now if you don't mind, I plan on sleeping until I die."
She knocked on the door and something that sounded like a bit of an argument on the other side was all that she heard before it was opened by a grizzled, bleary eyed looking man in his late forties. He looked vaguely familiar, maybe he was a regular for someone else? Ambyr maybe? Her coworker tended to draw those giving daddy-types since she was all fragile and innocent looking, like someone who guys just wanted to take care of and provide for. Why didn't she get guys like that? Except for the guy who called her Andrea, most of them were wham, bam, thank you ma'am before they were out the door and back to their happy little housewives.
First of all, there was no traditional Thanksgiving food. No stuffing or cranberry sauce, no green bean casserole or yams or a cheese log. Bobby told him that they used to do turkey, a long time ago and once, just once he had made a turducken which had ended up making Dean gain about ten pounds in a week because he refused to eat anything else, even pie. Okay, there was a lot of pie at Bobby's house, more than just the five pies that Ellen had made for the Winchester's to bring over (excluding the one that Sam said they had to leave at the apartment for John, since he wasn't coming because, apparently the Winchester patriarch didn't
On the others he stays up, devoting his hours to the little rituals he has devised to help pass the time until the human that shares his bed awakens. Castiel searches for the constellations in the freckles that spot Dean’s shoulders and attempts to read their future in the way that the other man’s eyelashes criss-cross against his cheek, like a soothsayer throwing runes and diving fortunes in the stars.
That's why, even though he was trying to be mad at the people he should be mad at (Charlie, Becky...Dean), he couldn't seem to muster up any other emotions besides embarrassment and hopelessness. He felt so very foolish for letting himself think that maybe Dean could actually like him back, that maybe he wasn't so inept and beaten down by life itself and someone could see that all he wanted was to be wanted by someone in return. And god, he had just been to the point where if someone as great as the other man wanted him, then it didn't even matter that Dean was a boy and not a girl at all.
"It's not like that, Bobby." Dean said quickly, putting up his hands to protect himself instinctively.
“Dinner, it’s just dinner,” Castiel mutters under his breath as he hurries between the chopping board, the several simmering pots on the stove, and the refrigerator. “You can make dinner.”
Dean was up and out of the room as soon as group ended, walking away quickly down the hall and ignoring Charlie's calls for him to stop when the redhead chased him as far as the door to the common room. Castiel followed her, pulling his glasses off and cleaning them as he watched the other man's plaid back receding down the hallway in the narrow, fuzzy tunnel that was his near-sightedness made everything into when he didn't have his glasses on.
But just because he was nice, it did not mean that he was above lying to his young driver who had started to become almost like a friend to him in order to maneuver himself into a position where he might see Dean again. So he had Alfie drop him off at The Neighbourhood around 8pm when the club would still be mostly empty so paparazzi probably wouldn't be around and he could slip in with a minimal amount of attention being drawn to himself.
"They aren't school children, Fergus." Balthazar murmured, leaning back across the table to reclaim his pint glass from Castiel who had started sipping on the bottled beer that Dean had brought him instead. "I'm sure we don't need to tell them they shouldn't run with scissors."
The two boys watched as Kevin darted out of the locker room and then smiled awkwardly at each other as they moved around getting their things together.
"Sam can't take Gabe because he's not a student and really, Becks? There was never a chance of Meg going, we'll just have to ask Luc if he can scrounge up her old prom pictures for us later so that we can make fun of her." Dean said, rubbing at his ear.
Dean had forced himself to be pessimistic as hell in order to kill his boners before he fell into the few hours of fitful sleep he had gotten each night since their fight last Thursday; telling himself that this was better because if they broke up after graduation it would be easier on him if Cas hated him by then anyway. Because if Cas hated him then he would blame Dean for being too dumb to get into a college like his boyfriend was bound to and not blame himself for falling in love with such an idiot to begin with. As long as his dad needed him, then there was no way that Dean could follow Cas off to college; he had been stupid to even hope that he ever could.
"What?" he asked, he was watching the way that Cas's mouth moved when he talked and wondered to himself what his friend could possibly need to apologize for, he was perfect.
“No,” Castiel said feeling even more horrible about himself for taking the place of someone who might really need to be in a place like this. “I’ve never been abused. You can just put me in a room with whoever, it’s not a big deal.”
Castiel smirked at the other woman's plain spokenness, it was refreshing to not have a doctor talking down to him for once. His mother's doctors had made him and his siblings feel like misbehaving children when they asked extraneous questions about her health whenever they were taking turns picking her up from chemo and making sure she made it home. And going to his own doctor while she was sick and his troubles with insomnia had started had just made him hate pretty much everyone with an M.D. at the end of their name.
"Sounds good to me," Charlie replied, earning a nod of agreement from Cas because he figured that would be less rude than jumping up and down with joy; just because he had decided to actually talk to Missouri didn't mean he had exactly been looking forward to gabbing with the doctor about all of his problems.
"What are you two talking about now?" Becky asked, waving a finger between Dean and Charlie suspiciously. "I swear its like you two have a secret roommate language sometimes that none of the rest of us know about."
talked about this; Dean using his feeling words or whatever and both of them admitting they were clueless.
