“I know this is killing the whole lot of you,” John said, “so let me put you out of your misery. I can’t say much but this much I can tell you. Mr. Sh’lok’s wedding did not come off quite as expected.”
“Gentlemen,” Lestrade said, “I want it stopped, too… but not at the cost of destroying over a million people.”
He put that thought firmly to one side. This was not the time, and in any case the similarity between the two cases was utterly superficial. Besides, he could hear her moving again, and if he didn’t speak, the moment would be lost. That would be unforgivable when he might actually have relatively few moments left.
John had been having thoughts along all these lines, but hadn’t wanted to entertain them too cordially, for fear of having been inclined toward them by wishful thinking. It was a relief to hear Sh’lok agreeing with him, and he made a mental note to lean particularly emphatically on all those points when he wrote up his report for Starfleet and took it down to Lieutenant Arbuthnot in Legal for her usual doublecheck. “What I can’t understand,” he said, “is why the people who set up that installation wanted their client species to be stuck with the cognitive ability of small children. Or with one sex dominating the other like that. It’s barbaric.” He shook his head. “Not to mention not terribly survival-oriented.”
He took Sh’lok’s face between his hands, but the light around them was almost completely gone now and there was no way to see whether there was any light left in those eyes.
John was waiting for the turbolift door behind him to close. When it did he stood up and stretched, and then glanced around the Bridge. One by one he caught the Bridge crew’s eyes, and they went quiet, waiting for him.
That old familiar shiver went down John’s spine again: but not for his own sake, and there was nothing pleasant about it.
Sh’lok back (as opposed to the one who’d been hell-bent on turning him into ten stone of lean mince) to care about pushing the issue.
In the back of his mind, an iron determination had formed. He didn’t know how to make it true. But the feeling was there, and if it could have drawn words about itself, it would have said:
John’s second henchman hauled Bradstreet up, and Farrell braced him as the henchman who’d attacked Bradstreet moved up beside him. “Mr. Bradstreet was going to make me a chief, sir,” he said. “You could make me an officer.”
“I believe that, if I were human,” Sh’lok said, heading in a leisurely manner toward the turbolift, “the answer would be, ‘Starving.’” He paused. “If I were human.”
He went back to his study of the chessboard, and the two of them spent the next few moments in companionable silence.
There was no other possible word for it, especially not when you could feel it from inside and directly experience the nature of the emotion, the intensity of it.
John let the arousal of the moment flood over his surface thought while letting his awareness of the interpenetrating depths of their minds go deeper. Faintly he caught something to do with a word, a concept that Sh’lok was not letting himself think about because he didn’t dare. It was something Sh’lok wanted so much to hear, to be part of, that even now he was keeping it where it couldn’t be seen—buried as the great gem of his heart had been buried in his mind palace’s caverns of treasure, hidden away in the shadows.
Sh’lok met his eyes now. “There can be no excuse for the crime of which I am guilty,” he said. “I intend to offer no defence—”
When he came up for air Sh’lok was lying there leaning on folded arms and gazing over them at him with an expression that was both affectionate and somewhat mystified. “John,” he said. “I’ve been meaning to ask you for some time—and please bear in mind that of course you needn’t answer if it’s something culturally sensitive—”
As John took Bradstreet’s proffered communicator, Luma chose that moment to try to dodge away from the group and escape into a intersecting corridor But Lestrade grabbed her, and John went back to working the communicator’s signal-seeking control. And then quite suddenly he heard the voice—
or could have prevented the disruption that followed. Hence the disorganized state in which you find all this.”
Sh’lok availed himself of the flannel. “The active shift,” Sh’lok said, “probably began sharing their suspicions about the time you headed for Engineering. Those suspicions will most likely have solidified to near-certainty when you were seen making for the shuttle bay. Only your desire to be circumspect about locating me would have prevented this cascade of events from beginning during the shift previous… though I suspect we may begin to hear anecdotal evidence of credits changing hands around the time you spoke to the Bridge crew on my departure for Sickbay—”
She passed it over to Sh’lok. “Thank you, Captain,” he said, and went straight to the Transporter pads, as enough time had been wasted already.
“You'll find another Controller,” John said, walking shakily around the installation and eyeing up the equipment. It was mostly quite sleek and minimalist, and featured numerous installations of which he could make exactly nothing.
primary hull, blinding, flooding her with light—a swift brief dawn over a small new world. In that bright moment it was as if someone or something had reached down to John’s soul where it lay strung tight and waiting, and plucked from it a single singing note that thrummed all through him: a sudden sourceless knowledge and certainty of being, unexpectedly, marvelously, in the right place, at the right time.
“The first man who fires is dead,” John said in a voice meant to sound like iron. Beside him, Sh’lok’s face had set at least as hard, and his phaser was aimed right between Appel’s eyes.
John looked sidelong at his First Officer as the two of them turned away to consider their options. “Mr. Sh’lok, we seem to have been given a choice. Death by asphyxiation or death by radiation poisoning…”
John gave her no answer. She turned more fully toward him. “And what about me? How does Mary Morstan fit in?”
it. “This fellow,” he said in a tone suggestive of some kind of abstract public announcement, “is keeping us from our property.”
Sh’lok was standing more or less at parade rest by his desk, waiting. His face was more still than it had been a few moments before, but his expression was astonishingly angry—a kind of open anger that John was still racking his brain to find a like for, and coming up empty. He needed to get to the bottom of this, and in a hurry. “All right, Sh’lok,” he said—and if  John’s voice was sharp with his annoyance, surely that was understandable at the moment— “let's have it.”
“Functioning,” Hooper said after a moment. Across from her, Lestrade looked up at the readouts over the bed and sagged a bit in relief. “Thank God.”
The subsequent attempt on Watson’s life by Bradstreet was an event that Sh’lok had been expecting for some time. It was perhaps simply an example of the perversity of chance that Bradstreet should have chosen to trigger it now—or (perhaps more likely) Bradstreet had decided to move based on what seemed like the Captain’s sudden irrationality, his wits possibly having been temporarily addled by “a bad beam-up”. The temptation to accompany the Captain as he left the Bridge and attempt to derail the assassination attempt that would certainly follow was very strong, but Sh’lok dared not take the chance. His intervention would be too dangerous for both of them, especially if in any way it aroused Anderson’s suspicions. Watson left, and for the minutes that followed Sh’lok could do little but pace the Bridge and pretend an unconcern he did not feel.
Lestrade came closer, looking at Sh’lok with interest, but just also just a trace of mockery, which Sh’lok instantly noted. His face closed over. “I dislike speculating with inadequate data, Captain,” Sh’lok said. “It biases the judgment.” And he glanced sidewise at the Doctor. “Besides, I have already given Dr. Lestrade sufficient cause for amusement. I'd prefer to cogitate the possibilities for a time.”
Sh’lok shook his head. “It has many ways it looks to me, depending on how I’ve filed it and in which locus. I’m not sure what it will look like to you. If you find it, you’ll know.” He swallowed. “But it must be found. Without it, my brain will be in my body and my body will work, and the brain will work as a computer works… but essential parts of my
The hands relaxed just enough to steeple themselves again, but there was nothing restful about the gesture: they pressed together hard. “The first times when the Horta’s eggs were destroyed,” Sh’lok said, “the most significant breakages, in terms of numbers, involved automated mechanical mining machinery. The devices’ own sensor equipment was poorly suited to detecting a Horta visually, and incapable of detecting her as a life form. If they read her at all, it was as just another lump of stone. A pity, as if she had been detected earlier, many of the killings could have been averted.”
When you hear from S’kroft next, Sh’lok, tell him your people really need to revamp their legal system to reflect the state of modern medicine. Strikes me as logical, wouldn’t you say?”
John decided that for purposes of good order in his command, it would possibly be best for him never to have heard this conversation... at least if questioned about it on the record. He stood up and stretched. “Mr. Sh’lok,” he said, “I’m for the Mess, and a cuppa. And as for you, I don’t think you’ve had much to eat today. I know
But once the channel to his desk machine had closed down, John pulled his communicator right out. “Mr. Sh'lok?”
“Doesn’t make a scrap of sense, sir,” Donovan said, wrinkling her face up in its most usual way, the expression that suggested universe was doing something specifically to annoy her, “but it's there, all right.”
John scowled. He could barely begin to see how to express how loathsome he found that concept. But right now he couldn’t spare the time for that. “She was on the
It took a few hours to get the satellites ready. When they were, John was in the center seat again, watching Mr. Dimmock do his job. “Completing the seeding orbit, Captain,” he said at last. “Two hundred and ten ultraviolet/neutrino fusion satellites now in position. Seventy two miles altitude, permanent orbit about the planet. “
“Do you have a mate?” John said, feeling more out of his depth every moment. Heaven only knew, there were endless variations on the ways that humanoid life had propagated itself in this part of the galaxy. And especially in this general region—due to the activities of the seeding species that had come to be known as the Preservers—humanoid life tended to repeat a certain number of basic themes, one of them being the male-female binary (so-called). At least that was a likely place to start until you had better data about local sexual and gender variations…
Sh’lok took a moment to register this, then stepped out and turned back toward John. On the Vulcan’s face was an expression of mute anguish, as if at some inexplicable betrayal.
Sometimes… over the chess board, or on the Bridge, or in his quarters quite late at night… yes, John had wondered. But this was absolutely not the time or the place to get into that. “I guess the rest of us assume that it's done quite…” He finally came down on the word that went more or less automatically with “Vulcan.” “…Quite logically.”
As if at a signal, one of the attendant male Vulcans came forward and fastened a long purple sash, like some ancient memory of a swordbelt, around Sh’lok’s waist. S’kroft moved back a little on the dais, and Sh’lok stepped up to stand beside him, his hands steepled together more openly now, only the fingertips touching.
“Mr. Sh’lok,” John said. Sh’lok came up to stand beside him; John turned his head and gave him a look. “’Capture it?’ I don't recall giving any such order.”
Because “Your way,” he’d said. John knew now how deep and far that way would go. Here was the evidence, incontravertible, in his hands.
John stood up straight in shock, turned, and only now registered the shape of the woman lying on the floor a little distance away from another body, that of a girl of maybe twelve. The woman was wearing yet another of those casual coveralls—an orange one—and lay sprawled out halfway under her desk.
But his face twisted with pain again. “It is the end of life—” Sh’lok said, or the Horta said through him: hopeless, despairing. “Eternity—stops…” Then a  gulp for air, and words that sounded more like they were coming out of a Vulcan’s throat. “Go out,” Sh’lok said, “into the tunnel. To the chamber of the ages.”
At this point Dr. Hooper, looking up at Sh’lok, or perhaps a little past him, threw him a look so torn between pity and a peculiar muted excitement that he had no idea what to make of it. “ I, uh… I think I left something, uh…” she said. “Would you excuse me?” And hurriedly she took herself out of Sickbay.
“Smart boy,” Farrell said. “Switching to the top dog.” He glanced narrow-eyed at Bradstreet, lying crumpled in the corner, and to his subordinate said, “Get him out of here.”
John sat there in shock looking down into the still, slack face for some moments, and finally recovered himself enough to put down the limp slim hand he’d been gripping. He stood, starting to feel numb all over again.
Sh’lok was running one hand thoughtfully over it. “The closest approximation I could come to would be something like fibrous asbestos. A mineral, Captain.”
Sh’lok walked up the seventeen broad steps before it to the mighty black door of the fortress. It swung open for him, and Sh’lok paced through it into a broad high space more or less identical with the most recent reconstruction of Earth’s ancient Library of Alexandria.
At that Kara looked nonplussed. “Killing, yes, it happens,” John said. “It’s never a good thing, no matter how you try to justify it. But what
Soon enough, the whole team arrived at the pizzeria, John having prepared the owner that they might arrive. He was on very friendly terms, so he had made sure to keep a part of the pizzeria free from people so that they could fit their large group. Sherlock felt a little uncomfortable with so much people around him, and kept a little bit too close to John. John frowned a little when he noticed that, Sherlock's elbow gently brushing against his arm. “Are you alright Sherlock?” He asked gently, just to make sure. “What? Oh. Yes. Yes I'm fine.” Sherlock stuttered quickly, looking up at John with big eyes, his curls a bit messy. John smiled. “Alright, good. You looked a bit flustered there for a second.” John said and Sherlock cursed himself for letting that shine through.
John walked over to the new tunnel’s entrance again, crouched down by it again and gazed down it. “Commander, pass this on to your men. We knew it was a killer. Now it's wounded, probably in pain somewhere back there.” John drew an uneasy breath, wondering how much worse he and Sh’lok might just have made things. “And there's nothing more dangerous than a wounded animal…”
“Never mind,” John said, “just come down to the twenty-third level. You'll be led to us by tricorder readings. Watson out.”
Sh’lok sat back down and folded his hands in his lap, staring at them like a schoolboy expecting a scolding. John, coming around to the front of his desk, stood there a moment in silence, wishing there was some kinder way to go forward with this… but he couldn’t think of one. Finally he simply said, “Lestrade has given me his medical evaluation of your condition. He says you're going to die unless something is done.
John looked down at himself in shock, half raising his arms in astonishment at the body-hugging tight-cut glittering golden uniform tunic he was more or less wearing, for his arms were bare and his collar was cut halfway down to his waist and he actually had a goddamned
John concentrated once more on keeping still as Sh’lok’s attention turned back to him. “Their military capability, Captain?”
He trailed off as John looked up at him and saw how the starlight caught in those silver eyes, where there was less silver than usual, and more darkness.
“A few trace elements.” Vanderberg’s expression went annoyed.  “Look, we didn't call you here so you could collect rocks.”
T’Kait’s expression, what there was of it, suggested she did not understand this in the slightest. But Sh’lok was beyond caring. He wanted nothing more than to get away from this place. He turned away and pulled out his communicator. “Sh’lok here,” he said. “Stand by to beam up.”
“I’m concerned,” John said, after realising that no amount of staring at the board was going to improve his position, “that this whole business is going to be viewed as a Prime Directive violation.” Not that he would have done anything significantly differently than he had even if the thought had occurred to him at the time.
When Sh’lok turned away again, the expression had sealed down again to something much more neutral. “Lock on to secondary city,” he said.
he’d said on Sigma Draconis, without the slightest hesitation, knowing whatever he gave into Bradstreet’s charge would be returned to him safe and in good condition.
Sh’lok glanced down between them, where two erections were pressed together and being stroked gently by a large and capable Vulcan hand.
John paused in his pacing and glared at the two of them. “I will accept neither of those alternatives, gentlemen,” he said. “I cannot let this thing expand beyond this planet, nor do I intend to kill a million or more people to stop it. I want another answer.”
“I thought we had established that, at least in a general sense,” Sh’lok said. “Very likely another galaxy. I suppose in terms of possible candidates, the Lesser Magellanic Cloud would be a—”
“Captain,” Sh’lok said, with the air of someone delivering news of the utterly obvious to the woefully unobservant. “The Horta is a remarkably intelligent and sensitive creature, with impeccable taste.”
He caught Hudders’ eye and pointed from the small dim light receptacle to an identical one across the cavern.
this? Just take this dangerous step into an unchartable relationship and an unknown future that could do no-telling-
What he found instead, for the few minutes they spent together, was a thoughtful man, composed, somewhat grim; all his responses expressive of a cool rationality, despite his having been assaulted (literally) by events and situations for which his normal frame of existence had given him no preparation. And when Sh’lok said to him, “Your orders are of course in contravention of standard Empire procedure. You cannot ignore the consequences…”, instead of calling Sh’lok a fucking interfering idiot and threatening to have him shot for speaking out of turn,
John shook his head and looked away, feeling his cheeks heat. “I do what I have to,” he said. “And if in this case that means chinning your brother…”
Late the next morning, last-minute details—such as were usual for departure from a world where a mission had completed—meant that John had been in and out of the Bridge several times. Now, as he came in again with Lestrade at his heels, he thought he would at last safely be able to settle. And sure enough, Sh’lok stepped down from his post to stand by the center seat as John sat down. “Ship ready to leave orbit, Captain. Course laid in.”
After a moment Sh’lok recovered himself a little and folded his arms. “How do Vulcans choose their mates?” he said, glancing over at John. “Haven't you wondered?”
Privately John doubted it, as the Vulcan’s performance evaluations, when John had finally pulled them, though filled with praise for his talents had been equally full of disappointment with his “attitude”. The most memorable evaluation had come from
Right now, though, the puzzle was making him twitch. “And there’s not much else out this way that’s humanoid-colonized except Deneva,” John said. “So space around here has become a region of concern.” He turned to Lestrade. “Bones, what's your theory about the cause of all this?”
He headed for the door to the council room. Immediately one of the two Morgs in the room moved to block it.
Immediately John knew he had misstepped; and he could feel Lestrade’s eyes on his back. In a more conciliatory tone he said, “Keep trying to raise them.”
There she stood, waiting for an answer. So John said to her the kind of thing he might have said to Sh’lok had his Vulcan asked him the same question, early on: casual, playful, but not completely so. “How does Mary Morstan
-perfect-but-not-quite machine-generated voices that the messaging computers at Starfleet produced— the order’s content doubtless excerpted from some memo or communiqué circulating higher up in the command chain. “To Captain USS
involve powering starships, I’m sure she’ll be a lot happier knowing that you’re up here minding ‘her ship’ in these peculiar conditions.”
All John could do was start giggling. “Oh God,” he gasped (when he could spare the breath), and hid his face in the pillow.
“Very well, Lieutenant. Let’s keep it that way, shall we? Been a long day and I’m feeling my weight.”
Sh’lok clutched at John’s upper arms, trying to recover himself. “That’s all I got, Captain,” he gasped. “Waves and waves of searing pain. It's in agony.”
That invisible gossamer thread between them thrummed softly as Sh’lok smiled a small shy smile at John. “Yes,” he said.
John rolled his eyes right back at him. “We’re all alone down here at the bottom of your mind,” he said, “so it’s probably safe for you to call me ‘John.’”
“Then you also appreciate that without the Teacher, I would not have the knowledge to use that which you have so thoughtfully provided.”
Once this might have shocked and terrified him, but not now. Now he just stretched against that other presence, as he might have stretched against a companioning body in bed, and smiled a lazy smile to find the other rummaging around and sorting and classifying what he found, idly making his way among the contents like a researcher in a museum.
And the lift doors closed and shut them away from the viewscreen full of everlasting starry night, which— for the time being anyway—could be left to take care of itself.
Mary reached up to it and touched a couple of not particularly obvious spots on the panel’s inner edge. The panel immediately slid up to reveal a small screen and a set of discreet controls, prominently featuring one not-very-discreet button, the fascium around it softly glowing.
John swallowed, for it sounded like a vow. All he could do was nod (saying nothing for the moment of all the times in their work when following was the
All John could think of to do was to fold his arms as casually as possible on the top of the Transporter console and say, “Shoot. You’re wasting time.”
John took the undertunic and chucked it into the clean-or-recycle receptacle. “She’s not as combat-seasoned as you are, Sh’lok,” John said. “And bearing in mind some of the places our two minds have been recently, if a Klingon task force disguised as an exploratory expedition pops out of nowhere, it’s
Somehow John suspected the business wasn’t going to be that straightforward. “All right, let’s assume there’s some kind of monster,” he said. “What has it done? When did it start?”
John grinned a tight angry dragon’s grin. “Best two falls out of three,” he growled. “If you insist.”
John backed up onto the dais, not that he had much choice at this point, the way Sh’lok was pressing his attack. One swing brought down the small ceremonial shield that had been attached to the top of the small bronze column to the dais’s fore. Then Sh’lok reversed the
And once they’d all decided on who was going to hit whom first, and in what order, they nodded cordially to one another and the fight broke out.
The bell-shakers started in again and backed away from Sh’lok, who had been standing half-crouched and ready on the stone steps of the central dais, his eyes locked on John, fixed and fierce. John threw a glance at Lestrade, who also took himself off to one side out of the way, his glance going from John to Sh’lok to John again as John stepped out into that central area.
: the quick sick flip of the stomach on discovering that someone following his orders had died of it.
Sh’lok’s eyes met John’s again with that look of overt innocence. “Are you sure?” he said. “It’s quite possible that by heroic effort you might hold me off to mate in six.”
He stepped away from the comms console and went to stand by the center seat again, looking at the viewscreen. Quietly Lestrade came to stand by him.
Sh’lok seized hold of the man who was grinning at him—that flashing grin that he’d despaired of ever seeing again—and spun him around and would have simply pulled him close and buried his face against him
“But do you really want to waste time doing this?” John said, his voice echoing with his certainty in that huge space. “Because we’ve not got a lot of that to spare. You may be stronger here, but you have
He stood there for a few moments, eyes locked with S’kroft’s, while doing the mental math as to what would happen if “another champion” was selected. Besides T’Kait, the only other apparently available options were big strong-looking Vulcan males who would plainly make mincemeat of Sh’lok in the present circumstances—
Sh’lok had already turned his back on Appel, dismissing him, and in the process of looking around the office, had noticed on Vanderberg’s desk a mauve-colored, pearly-shelled globular object about a third of a meter wide. Sh’lok picked it up, turned it over in his hands. “Mr. Vanderberg, what is this?”
He snapped the communicator shut and put it away, turning back to Vanderberg. The man didn’t look even slightly reassured. “What happens when it breaks down?”
Mary’s look suggested that this might be more difficult than he was making it sound. “Shall I activate the Tantalus field?”
“There won’t be anything left of you to prove I had anything to do with it,” Abernetty said, triumphant. “Been all kinds of accidents here that aren’t anything to do with cave monsters. People fall down crevasses, get buried under rockfalls, all the time. Snooping around the way you were, who knows what might have happened to you? And those others, there’s no possible way you can prove—”
having seen before. It took a moment for Sh’lok to realise that the hall was full of people frozen in amazement at the sight of a Vulcan
The Vulcan’s eyes opened as it was a terrible effort to make them do so. “Eternity ends…!” he said, his voice pained, forced as he struggled for words.
“But one other thing you haven't mentioned,” John said, going almost tongue-tied with fear that this might
Sh’lok made a moue of annoyance. “Unfortunately, no. That early on in events, the Horta was subject to a problem that many planet-indigenous species first have when encountering aliens: she could not tell them apart. They all looked alike to her.”
“While trying to brain us with these clubs,” John said, picking one up. It was some kind of clear, dense industrial resin or plastic, and would have been quite sufficient to the task of cracking someone’s skull open.
And before John could even begin to think of anything to say, a weird hoarse noise came from the table. John’s and Lestrade’s heads both jerked down at the sound of it.
Refinding her composure after that first glance took her a second or three, during which Donovan busied herself waking the comms board up and telling it to read her out the data the Captain needed. Meanwhile she worked to make sense of what she’d just seen. Beyond occasional brief spasms of pleasure, amusement or (very rarely) passion, Anderson had two basic expressions. One was a sort of confused resignation at the curves his work and personal life seemed to conspire to keep throwing at him. Indeed he seemed to consider a lot of life as some kind of conspiracy specifically constructed to annoy him. The other was the bland disdainful malice he allowed himself to display when in the company of people whose approval of him didn’t matter, and who he’d discovered he didn’t care for. Back on their own
And then he went to make the only farewell that seemed at all necessary. Impassive, S’kroft sat waiting for him. His face did not move or change expression, but the lines in it seemed deeper than usual somehow. There was just a hint of sorrow there… but also something else that Sh’lok couldn’t read.
“Regardless of the potential target,” Sh’lok said very evenly, “to depart Janus VI while knowingly leaving behind us an unapprehended murderer—indeed, a serial killer—would be deeply immoral.”
“Good,” John said with a slow smile. “I look forward to showing you just how much more distracted you can get.”
“You don’t want to see the inside of my sickbay,” Bones said. “It’s a bloody chamber of horrors! My assistants were betting on the pain tolerance of an injured man. How long it would take him to pass out…”
John’s eyebrows went up at that, as everyone knew female voices cut through noise more effectively and commanded better attention from everyone who heard them. He shot a dry look of reaction at the others and said, “This is the Captain. Record security research, to be classified under my voice print or Mrs. Hudson’s.”
“into stir”. The ersatz Captain was last and loudest, struggling with—admit this if absolutely nothing else—genuinely Watsonian stubbornness against the two Security guards haling him writhing and shrieking down the corridor. But (besides the lack of the ineffable bond between them) it was the sheer lack of dignity coupled with the shouting foul-mouthed irrationality that told Sh’lok beyond any possible doubt that no court from one side of the Galaxy to the other would believe for a moment that this man was John Watson.
Which happened now as Sh’lok was concentrating on how they stroked each other, submerged deep in the pleasure while comparing and contrasting their two cocks, having recovered himself just enough to do a little analysis… until John’s mouth found one of Sh’lok’s nipples and began to kiss and tease it. Now it was Sh’lok’s turn to throw his head back in abandon, lost in a sensation he had only ever imagined, now come real.
Komack’s face, animated for just a second there when discussing interstellar politics, closed down again at the sound of someone having the temerity to keep disagreeing with him when they should have the sense to know which way the wind was blowing. “You will proceed to Altair Six as ordered,” he said. “The subject is closed... you have your orders. Starfleet out.”
“An hereditary trait, Captain,” Sh’lok said quite casually. “The brightness of the Vulcan sun has caused the development of an inner eyelid, which acts as a shield against high-intensity light.” He glanced at Lestrade again with some amusement, as if his world’s evolution had purposely twisted itself into this shape in order to provide him with suitable material for a practical joke on a colleague. “Totally instinctive, Doctor,” he said. “We tend to ignore it, as you ignore your own appendix.” And Sh’lok headed for his station.
“Including myself, Doctor!” Sh’lok said. “And Captain Watson’s young niece. Understandably upsetting, but once it spreads past here, there are dozens of colonies beyond and billions of people.”
His answers and his actions, all carefully couched and calculated, immediately made it plain to Sh’lok that he had no desire to destroy the Halkans: that he found the actions required of him (on which Sh’lok was quite happy to prompt him, via his communications with Mr. Anderson on the Bridge) not merely reprehensible but downright inexplicable: and that this John Watson had immediately understood himself and his people to have stumbled into a place where they did not belong—a place he intended to get them out of with all possible speed.
The realisation taught her immediately what she needed to do. She let her eyes rest on Anderson for just the half-second necessary to let him know that he had
Sh’lok nodded. “Once in Fleet, when not on Vulcan-majority ships, the reputation of Vulcans for remoteness and reserve protected me from casual touch. As did Fleet norms and habits of conduct among humans and similar species for whom touch is also an issue. But then, at last, came
His crewmen started to run after the humanoid, but John waved them away. “It’s all right, let him go…”
It was as if a huge weight had fallen off him, but John concentrated on not moving his pose in any way that might suggest as much. Both the burden and its very welcome loss were his business. “Well, a little late, but I'm glad they're seeing it our way.” And he smiled slightly. “How about that S’kroft? They couldn't turn him down.”
“Existing so differently from any living matter or energy as we know it…” John said. “It may have come here, planet by planet, from an entirely different galaxy.”
He looked up and found Sh’lok’s gaze lingering on him. “Ah, yes,” Sh’lok said, a little hurriedly, “I’ll have addenda for that in the morning. Undoing the Morgs’ and Eymorgs’ chemical and biofield-induced cognitive suppression will involve some complications, but not serious ones. They’ll have to be de-habituated from some of these substances, and I expect the organic chemistry labs will be very busy over the days to come. I will need to consult extensively with the Doctor and those of his staff who’re specialists in humanoid physiologies and neural chemistry. And until the full support and rehab team just sent for arrives from the Federation, Lestrade’s own expertise will prove invaluable in the process of freeing these people to begin becoming their full selves.”
he said, “and have had some rest, say tomorrow some time, you and I are going to have a discussion about how we’re going to handle situations like this in the future. And this discussion will involve advanced concepts like
free me, it would be the same. For you would be gone, and I would have your name and your property, and perhaps even your child, by whose existence  everything else of yours on Vulcan would be given me to control… and T’Kait would still be there.”
She took a breath, pulled the earpiece out of her ear and laid it down on the comms console. Then, with every appearance of unconcern and ease, she got up, still carrying her padd stylus in one hand, and meandered down from the console ring into the space by the centre seat. Over toward the helm console Donovan wandered, assuming the look and the manner she’d been planning for some minutes.
A sudden memory surfaced, poignant and funny: Starfleet transient accomodations, still a little smoky from a recent explosion, and a Vulcan suddenly all worried about the piled-up books and the broken crockery— John put out a hand and laid it on his arm to stop him. “Sh’lok,” John said.
Sh’lok spent a moment examining the edges of the hole. “The same indication as shown at the door, Captain. A very strong corrosive, secreted with great precision.”
“Sh’lok,” said the man in the chair in a smooth and silky voice, almost a drawl—if any voice with so posh-sounding an accent could truly be described as drawling. “Are our ceremonies for outworlders?”
receptive… but aside from that slight parting, through which Sh’lok was breathing John’s breath, Sh’lok’s mouth touched only hesitantly against John’s. And though it met John’s lips without avoidance as John’s stroked his, otherwise it held so still. Apparently that seemingly inexhaustible hypercompetence did have limits.
“Captain,” Sh’lok said, his voice gentler. “I do not make this request lightly. I do not know with any certainty how much longer I will be able to hold out against the pain. But I do know what the girl will go through should she regain consciousness.“
As he came up onto deck six, John was already thinking about the upcoming meeting with the Provisioning department’s head and assistant head—who’d just better have stopped feuding over seniority issues after the talk he’d had with them last week—and making plans for what to do if they hadn’t, when a turbolift door hissed open and shut behind him and a voice said, “Oh, Captain. Got a minute?”
matches, that will be sufficient to open a formal murder inquiry and force the Federation to send a complete forensics team. All that will then need to be done—the evidence having been acquired and preserved—is to get prints from the miners for positive identification of the guilty party.”
Instantly the man was standing there beside him, and all around them a great deal of ready cash sank into new positions, or went rolling or sliding  away. The vast hiss of it was such that any speech that wasn’t shouting wasn’t really possible until it all finished settling.
Sh’lok met it with one of his own, the good-natured if wearily resigned Why Must I Repeatedly Endure  Such Treatment From Inferior Beings expression, and got up. “Very well, Captain,” he said.  “I trust I shall not suffer too long at the Doctor’s hands and may soon return to my—” A sniff. “‘Twiddlings.’”
Donovan was plainly fascinated by the proceedings, and the woman. “She's lovely, Mr. Sh’lok. Who is she?”
“The missing pump wasn't taken by accident,” he was saying. “It was the one piece of equipment absolutely essential for the operation of the reactor.”
And over the last few hours, as the two of them dealt with sorting out and logging the final details of the mission, John had seen this very battened-down affect visibly loosening up.
John sucked in a breath at Bradstreet’s tone. He turned, and saw that for the first time in nearly two hours now, Lestrade was holding still.
“I’m Captain John Watson,” he said after a second, as courteously as he could to someone who’d just boarded his ship uninvited. “This is the Starship
He had no idea what T’Eyreen might be doing behind him, and right this second he couldn’t care. What was troubling John right now was the sight of Sh’lok’s narrowed eyes gone glassy with a rage that was blanking out everything else he was. There seemed to be nothing in there right now but anger. And the thought of Sh’lok trapped and helpless inside himself, all that massive intellect pinioned and struggling under the weight of his vengeful transport’s demands, was well nigh unbearable.
John just stood there breathing that scent for a little, eyes still closed, resting himself against Sh’lok’s silent solidity. Odd to feel no heartbeat under his forehead; but then it was lower down. John let his hands slip downward, sliding down around Sh’lok’s waist. Against the right one he could feel the heartbeat, strong, pounding, a fast fierce beat.
“Yes, Captain,” Sh’lok said. “Not only high-definition imagery, but even the fingerprint data. While still on Earth I had had leisure to write a routine for the tricorder that allows fingerprint scanning and analysis when one is using a compatible supernanoparticle dusting medium. The whorls—”
“By all means let’s avoid dragging Mr. Occam and his razor in here,” John said. And there it was, a joke, out of habit. He half felt like cursing himself for it.
Lestrade went to the console over which the device hung and leaned against it, looking up with a combination of fascination and unease. The expression got under John’s skin and made it crawl a little. This was not only one of his officers, for whom he was responsible, but his friend and confidant. But Lestrade had his own pride and his own professional judgment, his own priorities and his own oaths to satisfy; he had as much right to gamble everything on a single throw as John did.
When Sh’lok was sitting John came close enough to lean on the monitor on his desk. “If there's a problem of some sort,” he said, trying again, “illness in the family—”
John regarded this half with interest, half with regret. “Well, you can be hurt, can't you,” he murmured.
“Under no circumstances allow them in here yet,” John said quietly, his eyes fixed on Sh’lok and the still-unmoving Horta. “The minute Dr. Lestrade gets there, send him through.”
The meeting that John called in the main briefing room an hour later was thick with tension. The Science and Exobiological department heads and chiefs were there, along with Ensign Zahra to record it all, and of course Sh’lok and Lestrade.
John sat back on his heels for a moment, gasping for breath. He realised suddenly the extent to which Sh'lok must have been going easy on him when the two of them did their practice hand-to-hand sparring once each week. And the realisation flashed him instantly back to a moment from their last session: John unceremoniously dumped on his arse by a move from one of the strange antique martial-arts disciplines Sh’lok kept picking up from one obscure research resource or another, and Sh’lok standing above him, quite relaxed, his facial expression seemingly bland and unremarkable. But the silvery eyes were crinkled at the corners with repressed amusement as Sh’lok reached a hand down to John to help him up.
“My mind to your mind,” the Captain said, his eyes narrowing. “My thoughts to your thoughts, Sh’lok.
The silence that fell before Anderson switched off was eloquent of a man who for the moment felt himself stymied. That suited Sh’lok well, for the moment. He sat back in his desk chair again, arms folded, and once more found himself compelled to consider that bizarrely companionable half-smile, and the man who turned it on him, who trusted him to see it, even in deadly danger.
that third alternative!” He was so angry he hammered on the table as he said it… then walked straight out of the meeting and went to his quarters to cool down.
Sh’lok threw a glance at John that suggested he had grave concerns about his Captain’s sanity. But when he turned his attention back to the creature, though he didn’t lower his phaser, John could see the Vulcan’s expression alter when he saw the creature’s wound.
didn’t mean he was either unaware of the onboard rumour mill, or deaf to crew scuttlebutt. In fact he’d learned on his way up the command chain that paying close attention to gossip could sometimes keep a ship out of trouble.
On that home, and that friend, Sh’lok now kept his attention firmly fixed. The events soon to be completed here in the Place of Marriage and Challenge were the severing of a tie. Once that tie was cut, once the long-ago agreement was consummated—however distasteful he would find that, absent any deeper bond between him and T’Eyreen—then he would be free, and could turn his attention back to his true life. His Captain would need him at his side in the troubles that would follow, and Sh’lok had silently vowed to be there for him to repay the debt, whatever it took, however long it took. Vulcan would fall away behind Sh’lok, probably for the last time, and T’Eyreen with it… and except for the prospect of never being able to visit his parents there again, he would be glad to let that be so.
Sh’lok groaned out loud and fell back on the bed, pulling John down on top of him. Seconds later John too was groaning in extravagant pleasure as those big warm hands slid under his pants, cupped his arse cheeks, brushed fingertips inward again…
Sh’lok, as usual, was not eating or drinking while on mission (John thought yet again with some amusement of having heard the Vulcan turn down even water, saying “It slows me down”). He was on his feet, arms folded, worrying away at the problem facing them.
“Perhaps it’s just as well. Now, John. This ‘danger boner’, are we discussing a strictly idiomatic construction or is there actually an anatomical—”
John! The Horta have lived on this world since, as your people would say, time immemorial. There have been hundreds of generations of them before this most recent climacteric. Yet only new eggs, from the most recent laying, as it were, have been in evidence since the mining facility was founded here. Many of the caverns in this region are of natural origin. Why were no remains of hatched eggs found at the time the facility was built? I’ve had time since we came back to read right through the administrative records of the colony—Chief Vanderberg was earlier, as you say, extremely accommodating now that production is once more running smoothly. And the initial geological survey team was commendably thorough in its initial survey of the site, even though they were driven primarily by commercial and financial motives.” Sh’lok’s disdainful expression revealed clearly what he thought of
Sh’lok’s eyes lifted to his, full of a very purposeful innocence. John immediately went a bit warm. “Mm, bad phrasing,” he said. “Inexact. Embodied?”
“Their attitude was inconsistent with their actions,” Sh’lok said, not so much as a statement of the obvious—which he would naturally have shunned—but as if he was attempting to parse the event, and having some difficulty.
“Additionally, I would submit to you that the crew recognised from a very early stage what we’ve been at such pains to conceal from ourselves.”
quite expected was being given what John would have described as “the rough edge of the Chief Engineer’s tongue” for bringing them to her. Apparently Sh’lok had missed some (apparently) (to her) vital bureaucratic step in which such mooted infrastructure changes were supposed to go through the Captain first for approval to be given further consideration by her before progressing to the  “proof of concept” level. Mrs. Hudson spent many minutes explaining this to him in several different ways, including extensive citation of what she felt were the pertinent regulations.
“Would you shut up?” Lestrade snapped. “I can save his life!” But then he took a breath, turned to John. “Do you want me to stop, John? It’ll only take a minute!”
Mrs Hudson stared around the room in disquiet, taking it all in. Lestrade scowled around him as he went over to one of his work tables, picked up a flask, stared at it. “What
“We should probably think about going to sleep.” John said after a while of telly watching and crisp eating. “But it's Sunday tomorrow so we're not in too much trouble.” He said and smiled over at Sherlock. Sherlock turned to his side, fully snuggled up into John's bed now. “Hmm?” He said, actually falling asleep already which was rare for him. John chuckled a little. “Sorry, did I wake you up?” John said apologetically when he saw Sherlock all snuggled up. Sherlock smiled lazily. “Oh, uhm, just a little, maybe.” He said and cozied up against the pillow. John smiled. “You're silly sometimes. I thought you had trouble sleeping usually? That's what you told me at least.” John said, frowning softly. Sherlock blushed. “Well... Yes but...” He trailed off with a yawn. “Just.. so tired.” He said and John nodded. “It was an emotional evening, so it's understandable.” John hummed in thought, crawling out from underneath the covers to walk to his drawers. “Do you want to borrow some clothes to sleep in? That can't be comfortable, what you're wearing right now I mean.” John said and rummaged through his rather messy drawers. Sherlock blushed a little and nodded. “I'd... I'd like to borrow something, yes. If it isn't too much trouble.” Sherlock mumbled. John shook his head. “Not too much trouble at all. I just have to find something that isn't terribly big, unless you don't mind that?” He said and Sherlock shook his head. “I don't mind. Anything is fine.” Sherlock said and without much thought he began to wiggle out of his clothes underneath the covers. John didn't notice, continuing his search for clothes. He found some black soft and thin sweatpants for Sherlock and he picked out a pair for himself as well, not sure if sleeping in boxers and a t-shirt would be acceptable for the other. “Here.” He said and turned around, blushing when he realised Sherlock was wiggling around to undress. He tossed the trousers to Sherlock along with a t-shirt. “Will that be okay?” He asked softly and Sherlock nodded. “Perfect, thank you.” He said and John nodded, quickly turning around to give Sherlock some privacy. “You uhm, you can just drop your dress clothes on the floor...” He murmured.
“Just, stay close yeah? Otherwise, we can’t go outside anymore. I need you to… To be safe alright?” John said, his patience wearing a bit thin. He was really trying his best to keep everything under control, but Sherlock’s excitement-levels were all over the place and it was hard to keep up.
Meanwhile, Sherlock stood still in his place, not sure what to do. He wanted to go home, but he didn't want the night to end like this. It had been so good only to take a turn for the worse and it was his fault. He sighed and slowly walked back to the pizzeria, entering again. John groaned. “I said leave, Sherlock, what part of the word leave don't you understand?” John said and crossed his arms. Sherlock swallowed and rubbed his arm. “I'm... I'm sorry John. I know you don't want to listen to me but-” Everyone around the table was looking at Sherlock now, wondering what had happened. John sighed and closed his eyes for a moment. Sherlock nodded. “I'm really sorry. I have a tendency to protect myself as soon as something remotely bad happens John. I really don't think that you wanted to hurt me, but I was just so scared.” Sherlock admitted. John opened his eyes, seeing all the preying eyes of the people around the table. No, no matter how angry he was he didn't want Sherlock to have to pour his heart out in front of everyone. “Come.” He said and took Sherlock's hand, dragging him outside. John sighed and rubbed his neck. “Thank you for understanding that I didn't want to hurt you, because I really really didn't Sherlock. If you ask Mike, he will tell you I rarely pay as much attention to anyone like I've done to you this evening. I've really tried my best Sherl.” John said and nodded. Sherlock bit his lip, feeling even more guilty hearing that John had actually paid more attention to him than others, perhaps even past girlfriends if Sherlock was allowed to fantasize. “I'm- I'm sorry.” He stuttered, letting out a sniffle. “I'm- I'm sorry and I don't- I don't want to go-” He started with a gentle sob. He hated this. He hated crying in front of people. It made him look weak. John's eyes widened when he realised Sherlock was crying. “Oh shit. Shit shit. Sherlock don't cry. Don't cry Jesus, Christ don't cry-” John stuttered quickly moving closer and gently rubbing Sherlock's arm. “It's okay. It's okay. God I hate it when people cry. Just don't.” He rambled, Sherlock desperately starting to wipe his eyes. John didn't like it when people cried. He would try to stop quickly then. John nodded. “That's it. That's it shh. It's okay.” He reassured him once more, still stroking his arm. “You don't have to go. You can stay. You can stay for as long as you'd like.” John said, sighing to himself for being such a pushover. He was still a bit upset from Sherlock thinking all those things about him, yet his priority was instantly to make Sherlock feel better. “Let's go back inside, have a cup of tea even though it's not the greatest, and everything will be okay. I promise.” John said and Sherlock nodded shyly, his crying stopped but his eyes still wet and red. John smiled. “Okay, come along then.” He smiled and lead Sherlock back inside, the plates already removed and doggie bags created by Peter for everyone. “Some tea for me and Sherlock.” John said and sat down. Sherlock gently looked up at John. “I like it sweet. Very sweet.” Sherlock mumbled awkwardly. John chuckled. “Two sugars in one of them!” John called to Peter, smiling at Sherlock who smiled timidly back.
It was all just kissing, of course, even though John had to confess his trousers was fitting a bit more tightly towards the end of their heated moment when he realised they needed to get going to the next class. “I'll- I'll go first and then you okay?” John whispered, his forehead pressed against Sherlock's as he let out a trembling moan, not wanting to leave the tall young man just yet. But he couldn't be late for the next class either. He gave Sherlock another deep kiss on the lips before he headed out of the stall and out of the bathroom after correcting his hair in the mirror. “There, decent.” He said and opened the door, quickly setting the course to the next class.
It was Monday morning, and after the turbulent weekend, both Sherlock and John had parted ways later in the afternoon, needing some time to rest, study, and recover. They of course ended up texting all evening, and well into the night, and by the time John was standing by his locker, he couldn't stop yawning. Mike smirked. “Morning sleepyhead.” He said and punched John playfully on his shoulder. John smiled crookedly. “Morning.” He said and rubbed a hand through his wild and tangled hair. “Didn't get much sleep last night?” Mike asked and John nodded. “Yeah... It got a bit late, but I'm alright.” John said and smiled gently. “Did you sleep alright then?” John asked, scratching his neck a little. Mike nodded. “Yeah, yeah, after cleaning up the aftermath of the party I was quite exhausted myself.” Mike said and chuckled. “But yeah it was really great John, you should've stayed longer. I hooked up with this bird, I think she's from another school close to here and- John? John are you listening to me?” Mike said with a frown as he noticed that his friend wasn't even looking at him. John had just caught a glimpse of Sherlock stumbling into the hallway, just as tired and frazzled looking as himself. He smiled a little and held up his hand as a subtle wave, and Sherlock noticed and smiled back. Sherlock was torn, though, not sure what to do. He wanted to go up to John, but he wasn't sure if it was appropriate. John noticed the other's hesitation and smiled fondly, just as nervous, but he wouldn't let the nerves get the best of him. “Hey Sherl, come here!” John shouted and waved him over. Sherlock's eyes glittered excitedly and he made a soft happy noise, quickly hurrying over to John and Mike. “Good morning Mike, John.” Sherlock said, clutching his books, trying his best not to grin too much. John smiled. “Good morning Sherlock.” He said and Mike nodded. “Morning Sherlock. God, you look just as bad as John does.” Mike noticed and John blushed deeply. Sherlock licked his lips. “I- I slept with wet hair and- and I had lots of nightmares.” Sherlock made up quickly, his gaze flickering to John. “That sucks.” Mike said and sighed a little.
Lestrade stood reading the lab report on the padd, and as John turned toward him he saw the blood drain from Bones’s face as he read.
as he went down. But in the moment when John finished the throw and straightened to stand gasping for his next breath, Sh’lok had scrambled to his feet again, snatching up the
The man went down, and Sh’lok turned directly for the console, the settings he needed lying ready in his mind. Unfortunately from behind him, Mrs. Hudson’s voice said softly, “Freeze right there, Mr. Sh’lok, or I’ll put you to sleep for sure.”
There was a brief and somewhat shamefaced pause. Then, “Captain,” Sh’lok said, “I will say only this in my defense. Abernetty was quite unhinged, and only my, ah, alien ‘novelty value’ saved me from being vaporized for as long as it did.”
The look on Sh’lok’s face—escaped from his control for the barest moment and then swiftly sealed over again—was that of a man who’d just been told not only that the world might end on his watch, but that if it did, the loss of the best parts of it might be his personal responsibility.
It was probably by a sort of unconscious process of elimination, therefore, that John’s wanderings brought him eventually down to Engineering. Mrs. Hudson was in residence at the moment, it turned out, and the desk in her office was littered with printouts of satellite schematics, all of which she was standing and scowling at as if their existence was some kind of personal insult. “John,” she said as soon as she registered his presence, and sounding very cross, “what the hell are
“Fascinating,” a soft resonant baritone was saying in a musing sort of way. “Activity without end, but with no volition—”
John came up behind him, hardly knowing what to do, and took his friend by the upper arms, bracing him. “An equitable trade, Doctor,” Sh’lok said. “Thank you.” And he began feeling his way around the desk to its chair.
Sh’lok mirrored John’s glance at the bed, then looked back at John, and matched his smile… and waited to see what John would do.
John held up a warning hand, his brain roiling with thoughts of how both old Rome and the newer Reich had been full of spies and informers. An extension of that surveillance tradition, in public areas at least, was nearly a certainty.
John threw his head back, panting, clutching at the bedclothes and struggling not to buck his hips up, as Sh’lok’s mouth slid further and further down him and drew him into the depths of that long hot throat. John lay there writhing in speechless delight as Sh’lok tongued him and sucked him and swallowed him down, so deep, so slow and sweet. To be inside Sh’lok physically as well as inside his mind was
Now there only remained the second half of the necessary intervention. His First Officer’s comments about the people the Captain of the
“Fifty-eight point two parsecs to Galactic hubward and a hundred and twelve point six parsecs to the armward, respectively–“
at John and slashing his uniform tunic open right across—and also slicing John’s chest open from side to side, by sheer good luck just a millimeter-deep scratch. John stared down at his stinging chest and then up at Sh’lok in horror, realising what could have happened had he been standing so much as a pace closer.
“I think being here with you is brilliant,” Sherlock nodded and looked at John’s laptop. “Isn’t it quicker and easier if you type with all of your fingers?” He asked, changing the subject in a split second, making John chuckle softly and shake his head fondly.
“Hello? John?” Sherlock called gently as he entered the men's bathroom, looking around a little. “John, this isn't funny...” He muttered and just as he'd said it, John stormed through the door, taking Sherlock's hand. Sherlock gasped. “O-Oh- John-” He breathed as he was tugged into one of the booths, feeling John's lips suddenly pressed against his own. John kissed him hotly, not holding back for anything in the world. Sherlock's heart was pounding hard in his chest, afraid it would beat right out of it if he continued like this. He panted, breathing desperately through his nose as he was kissed over and over again. John pulled back after a little while, looking into Sherlock's eyes, his own dark with want, licking his red lips. Sherlock grinned, blushing. “John- What's gotten into you? I thought you said you didn't want us to do this here.” Sherlock said and gently ran his fingers over John's shirt. He felt a bit shy, having just been so flustered with himself. John blushed now as well, shrugging. “You looked so amazing in class, I just couldn't keep myself together. I-... I'm sorry, if you didn't like it...” John apologised quickly, looking down at the bathroom floor. Sherlock shook his head, quickly cupping John's face. “It was brilliant. Absolutely brilliant.” He said and locked lips with John once more, kissing him just as hard back.
Sherlock though, was frozen in place, his cheeks flushed and his gaze fixed out in the blue. John didn't have a girlfriend, he can't keep a girl for a week, always ends up getting dumped though he wouldn't admit it. Sherlock stored it all in what he called his mind castle. Though, he was still working on that name. It didn't feel completely right. He shook his head, finally coming to his senses as he spotted John on the side of the field. “I- I have something to do-...” Sherlock trailed off and stood up, quickly making the decision to apologise to John before the game. “Ex-Excuse me-” He stuttered and began hurrying down the bleachers, careful not to trip.
John frowned deeper and sat up a bit more. He took Sherlock's hand, holding it gently. “Alright... We... We don't have to talk right now... But... But I don't think I can just /cuddle/ unless I can talk to you to try to understand this.” John said and bit his lip once more. Sherlock felt like fainting, anything to get out of this. Did... Did that mean John wanted him to leave too? Or just awkwardly sit away from each other since he couldn't cuddle anymore? “I... I should go then...” Sherlock mumbled and John let out a soft huff. “What? Really? Just because I need help with things you decide to leave because you're too afraid to talk?” John said, his voice a bit more upset now. Sherlock looked down at his hands, John's not holding his anymore. “Can... I just need to think.” Sherlock said and nodded. “I just need to think before I speak, please? Please can I just... think.” He pleaded to John, unsure of what else he could say. John sighed and stood up. “Yeah, go ahead, just leave and go think. Just so you know, I never got to think before you decided to jump and cuddle me.” John nearly growled as he left to go up the stairs, leaving Sherlock alone in the living room.
“I’m going to turn in, feeling quite tired,” John spoke suddenly, making Sherlock look up from his empty plate with a smile and a nod.
“Mrs. Hudson, slow down. Things… Got a bit out of hand. I made poor decisions and I ended up putting both Sherlock and myself in a mess. I’ll explain myself to Mike. But right now, what we need the most is some peace and quiet. Right Sherlock?” John asked and hunched down a little. Sherlock nodded, glancing up briefly at Mrs. Hudson before looking back down at the floor. Mrs. Hudson shook her head with a tutt.
Before Sh’lok could have time to react, John reached out in mind for a part of the virtual environment that he’d discovered he too could control in a meld, if he acted first.
John looked around him and saw nothing anywhere but upset and angry humans, and opening after opening into the dark cavern walls. “Too many tunnels,” he said, “we couldn’t possibly—” He turned. “Mr. Sh’lok, our sensors can pick up normal life functions at a considerable distance… but what about
Because whatever of her own desires might make her own life difficult and painful for her, logically he knew this woman to be a good scientist (as human ones went) and an excellent pathologist, passionate about her work and meticulous about the accuracy of her results—often helpful to him not just because it was
“Where have you been!?” Mrs. Hudson yelled as she headed up the stairs after them. John sighed, propping Sherlock up as he opened the door. “You both look a mess! And that friend of yours, Mike, he was here as well asking for you!” Mrs. Hudson crossed her arms. John sighed once more and led Sherlock to the sofa, sitting him down.
John entered last into the bedroom, closing the door gently. He watched as Sherlock moved to the bed, flopping ontop of it with a sigh. “Uhm-” John said, squirming a little and rubbing his neck. “So   the sleeping thing. Are you uhm, sleeping in your robe or?” John stuttered awkwardly. Sherlock tilted his head and frowned. “No of course I'm not I have a t-shirt and pajama trousers underneath it-” He then realised what John was getting at and swallowed a little. “Oh... I'll see if I can find something for you but... But I'm not sure I'll have something that fits-” Sherlock said and shot up from the bed, hurrying to his wardrobe. John shook his head. “No no- It's fine-” He stuttered, biting his lip. “I'm... I'm fine sleeping in just my underwear... But it depends if /you/ are fine with me doing that.” John said shyly, biting his lip once again.
“‘Course you are. You are very important, and very special to me. I realised that even more so after… Everything that happened. Which I’m still very sorry for,” John apologized once more, feeling the need aching in his chest. “So yeah, very important. Probably the most important person there is to me at the moment,” John nodded. Sherlock’s eyes widened.
“Uh, that’s interesting. Wow… Heh… Yeah, later then I… I should let you load, and, yep,” John stuttered awkwardly before getting to his feet slowly with another grunt. Sherlock nodded and got back into bed. “Wait-” John stopped Sherlock, pulling back the covers. “Now you lay down,” John instructed. Sherlock frowned a little, but hesitantly did as he was told. “And now this,” John said, moving the covers over Sherlock, tucking him in lightly, taking care not to tuck too much around the waist. “There, much better,” John smiled and nodded. “I… Should head back down then, g’night,” John said quickly and headed out of the bedroom swiftly.
“Maybe a book! No... John isn't much of a reader... Perhaps... a new jumper! No, no his father would notice that... Jewelry? I mean, not something girly I mean like... manly jewelry.” Sherlock pondered as they walked through a shop ridden street in central London. Mycroft sighed. “Mmm... Maybe earrings.” He teased and Sherlock pouted. “You're not helping.” Sherlock grumbled, sighing as they walked down the street. “Maybe something related to rugby? I don't know much about it though, so I'm not sure what he would like.” Sherlock said and sighed, looking towards a sports shop. Mycroft looked around as well, soon spotting a shop and smiled a little. “Here, let's go here. I have a feeling we might find something interesting that is not too posh looking for John in here.” He said, pulling Sherlock into an old antiques shop.
Sherlock ran to the bathroom after what had happened, splashing his face with water. Why... Why couldn't he stop himself? Why did he have to blurt out all those things? He didn't even know how he knew them himself, how was he supposed to ever be able to explain it to someone else? He had struggled with this almost all his life, and it had always given him trouble. He sniffled a little, looking at himself in the mirror. John had thought he would've been alright to hang out with. For the first time ever, someone had actually said something like that to him and meant it, and now, he had blown it. He could see that John meant it, he could tell. But how? He growled in frustration. He could read people like open books sometimes, and he both loved and hated himself for it. He leaned against the bathroom wall, taking a few deep breaths. John would never speak with him again. Not after this. He didn't know why he had said his thoughts outloud, maybe he was... worried about John. He frowned. He usually didn't worry about people like that. It was an odd concept. He hugged himself, trying to make sense of it all. John had been so nice... He had thanked him for the book, for his help, and he had even invited him to come watch his game... sort of. Oh how his father would be proud if he knew all of that, without the last part of Sherlock ruining everything of course. He kicked the wall in frustration, letting out a soft groan. Maybe he could make things right, somehow.
“No, no, he’s- he’s not a threat, alright? He’s… He’s an old friend of mine yeah? You know yesterday, you asked me about my friends? This is one of them right here. His name is Mike, okay?” John spoke quickly, trying to stay calm. Mike raised a curious eyebrow.
John beamed a little as he got the reply, even though he was quite tense and upset from everything that had happened that evening.
“”I said it. And it is highly unlikely because it was a joke Sherl. But apparently I was pretty convincing in my fact stating abilities. JW”” John responded.
“She’s my therapist. Ella. I talk to her so she can help make me feel better,” John explained but Sherlock’s frown remained.
“What are you thinking about? You're thinking too much.” Sherlock murmured finally, looking up at John with misty eyes, sitting up a bit better. John smiled and shook his head. “Nothing. It's fine.” John said and cupped Sherlock's cheek gently with his hand, stroking away some of the wetness that still lingered from the tears. Sherlock couldn't help but blush, and he nodded just a little. “Okay... If you say so...” He murmured, not sure he trusted that entirely, but if John said he would be fine, he wouldn't pry and perhaps make matters worse. John nodded. “I do say so. I was just thinking some stupid things, but I'm not thinking them anymore.” He promised with a smile and tilted his head a little. It was sort of true anyway. Sherlock looking up at him, looking so adorable, had made him forget all of his worries for now anyway. Sherlock shivered, a bit sweaty from sobbing and now feeling very cold. “Would... Would you mind if I took a bath? Or a shower, either is fine.” Sherlock requested softly. John sat up and shook his head. “No, not at all, you can have either. Whichever you enjoy the most.” John said and began getting out of the bed. “Come, I'll show you to the bathroom.” John said and took Sherlock's hand. He was used to it already, holding Sherlock's hand. It was maybe a bit silly, but he really really liked it. Sherlock smiled a little, thinking just the same as John did, squeezing the other's hand. He pottered after John, smiling as John opened the bathroom door. Sherlock was a bit picky with his bathrooms, but luckily, this was pretty nice compared to- not that the other parts of John's house wasn't nice, it was just... a little bit worn. An old, worn, and loved house. Sherlock smiled, watching as John opened a big wardrobe filled with newly washed towels and bathrobes. “Here's a nice towel,” John said and took it out, placing it neatly on a nearby counter. “, and you can borrow my bathrobe if you'd like.” John said, taking that out as well. 'Oh, but aren't you joining me?' Sherlock wished he had the guts to say, but he knew that /definitely/ was taking things too far. “Thank you, I love robes.” Sherlock said with a nod and a smile. John smiled back, scratching his neck. “I'll go see if I can find some clothes you can borrow. It's not going to be very nice if you have to put the old things back on.” John said and headed back to his room.
“Molly? Who’s that? Is it a woman? Why are you speaking to a woman? Why will you be right over we’re outside now, together, you and me, not Molly,” Sherlock rambled and John took his hand, squeezing it softly to try to calm him quickly.
“You were sneaking up on me, why?” Sherlock asked, visibly confused. John blushed and scratched his jaw a little.
“I’m not enjoying this conversation, please go away,” Sherlock said stiffly and the android frowned.
“It's okay. It's okay alright?” John said, grabbing a towel that Peter had brought to him. He started to soak up the drink that had spilled onto Sherlock's trousers, on his lap mostly of course, before quickly realising just where he was patting. “Uh, uhm, sorry, here, you do it.” John stuttered quickly, blushing and handing Sherlock the towel. Sherlock took it and held it against himself, feeling utterly ashamed and about to break down. John sighed and bit his lip, seeing the state of him. “I promise you it's okay. No one is thinking anything bad about you. Accidents happen.” John said and opened his duffel bag which he had brought with him. “You can have my clean shirt and I can wear my rugby shirt.” John said and quickly started to strip out of the shirt he was having on. Sherlock stood dumbfounded and frozen in place, positively gawking at John as the other began undressing. He realised he was doing it quite quickly though, and spun around to face the other way. John chuckled. “It's alright. I share changing rooms daily with other blokes, it's fine.” John said and held the clean shirt in his hands. “I'll turn around for you though.” He said, and did just that. Sherlock peeked over his shoulder, making sure John was turned the other way before undressing gently. “Shirt.” Sherlock murmured softly and John handed it to him behind his back, reaching down to pull on his rugby shirt instead. “Are you dressed?” John said with a soft smile and with a gentle “yes” from Sherlock, he turned back around. “Hmm... That's a bit big on you, but you look pretty good in it anyway.” John said as he looked at Sherlock in the oversized shirt. He looked quite adorable, and yet again John found himself wondering why he thought that. Sherlock was blushing harder at that and nodded gently. John's shirt was so soft... and warm... and it smelled of John as well, a scent he hadn't yet picked up on this strongly. He secretely hoped John would forget and that he could keep the shirt for himself, but he doubted that. “Do you want to change trousers as well? But pretty I'm certain mine will just fall off your hips...” John murmured and rubbed his neck. Sherlock shook his head. “Trousers are fine. They're practically dry now thanks to the towel...” Sherlock murmured, becoming a bit more eloquent now that he had gotten some clean clothes. His cheeks were still a deep shade of red though, but he hoped that somehow John wouldn't notice. “Thank you... I... I mean it. Thank you so much...” Sherlock murmured shyly, shuffling a bit on his feet. John smiled, feeling his own cheeks heat up a bit at the sincere thank you he had gotten from Sherlock. “You're welcome. Now, let's get back to the table yeah? Peter has cleaned up our spot so it will be mess free as well.” He said and smiled at Sherlock before holding the door for him so that they could head back to the table.
John opened the door to Sherlock's bedroom, still quite red in the face. Sherlock frowned. “Where's the tea? And why are you blushing like that? Did Mycroft say something? I swear I'm going to kill him-” “No Sherlock I'm fine.” John interrupted him gently. He moved over to the bed and sat back down. “I just... I spoke with  your parents and... and they were so kind. It's just special to me, that they are nice like that. Mine usually aren't, as you know...” He mumbled and cuddled up against Sherlock without even spending another thought on that action. Sherlock couldn't help but grin at that, forgetting the tea entirely. He snuggled up against John, humming softly. “Oh? Well I'm glad they were nice to you, I hope you were nice back.” Sherlock teased a little with a chuckle, knowing for certain that John probably had been just that since he always was the nicest ever. John chuckled a little. “Yeah, yeah I think so.” John said and smiled softly. “Oh by the way, your mother offered to make us the tea, so she'll probably be coming back up. If you want we could uhm... just not be as close when she comes back, if you don't want her to see it again...” John murmured shyly and bit his lip. Sherlock smiled and shook his head. “If you don't mind, I want to stay right here, with you.” Sherlock said and snuggled up closer. John blushed deeply and nodded. “Alright, then that's what we'll do.” He murmured quietly and laid down, looking into Sherlock's eyes.
“Do… Do I really have to call him SH3R-L06K? it’s quite a mouthful don’t you think?” John said with a crooked soft smile up at Ella who chuckled softly.
Hello everyone! This took a bit longer, and I'm sorry!! But as I said, things can be a little bit delayed around this time of the year, but I hope it's alright <3. I hope you like this longer chapter as much as I did! Love you all <3//NightOfFanfics
“Mike? Sorry we, I, fell asleep when we finally got home,” John nearly whispered into the phone. “Yeah yeah, I’m fine… Sherlock is… Getting there. I didn’t get too much info from his… Creator, what happened, but Sherlock should be fine for now,” John sighed and held up his hand, resisting for a moment before gently stroking a curl away from Sherlock’s forehead. He smiled a little, listening to Mike chastise him for his choices. “I know. I know, I did something very wrong and I’ll be better,” he admitted and Mike got quiet. If it was something Mike wasn’t used to, it was John admitting he was wrong. Of course, John would ask for forgiveness, apologize, but very rarely would he admit he was wrong. John paused for a moment before continuing. “If there’s any costs I need to cover for your android, I’ll try my best to-” John continued but was quickly cut off by Mike, telling him he didn’t need to worry about that and that the android had already been reset and was working just fine. John sighed and nodded, looking back down at Sherlock who had started frowning from the noise. He seemed to be genuinely asleep somehow, and John had thought that wasn’t even possible… “I’ll hang up now, talk to you later yeah?” John whispered and put away his phone before slowly, tentatively wrapping his arm around Sherlock’s shoulders again.
Sherlock froze a little. Do? They needed to /do/ stuff? Like, /stuff/ stuff? Sherlock bit his lip. He didn't have things to offer, not like John had. He didn't have any video games, and the board games they had were very difficult and he had a hunch that a difficult board game combined with a tired John would end in a frustrating disaster. He had a telly though, in his room. And laptop of course. “We could watch a film?” Sherlock suggested. “Just... Lazily watch a film... In bed, or something.” Sherlock said quickly, biting his lip again. John blushed darker but smiled and nodded. “Yeah, yeah that sounds nice. Just don't want to be falling asleep. But perhaps some tea would perk me up a bit.” He chuckled. Sherlock nodded quickly, his curls bouncing. “Of- Of course! You can have as much tea as you'd like. And I'm sure we have cookies, and something to eat. Mummy always have things like that ready-” Sherlock rambled. John smiled softly. “That sounds great, Sherlock.” He said and settled back against the seat once more. He wondered why Sherlock was still so very nervous. He thought they had made progress, yet Sherlock still got stuck rambling from time to time. It didn't bother him though, he just wished Sherlock would settle in a bit more. But from the way he had been acting up until now, he couldn't really blame the taller man for being like that. They would be more and more comfortable with time, he was sure of it.
John left the changing rooms, carrying his duffle bag over his shoulder as he headed through the school, so ready to catch the bus and head home. He didn't like going home really, depending on what the mood was with all the other family members, granted Harry wasn't home all that often. He frowned though as he spotted someone getting into a fancy car further away from the bus stop. He squinted his eyes, trying to catch a glimpse of-... of course it was. That bloody Sherlock bloke. Of course he had a fancy car taking him to and from the school. John let out a soft little huff. “Sodding richy rich.” John muttered, kicking up some dirt with his shoe. The air was warm and he was starting to sweat a little waiting for the noisy and even warmer bus.
Sherlock stood frozen in place yet again, not able to move. It... It had gone far too well. Better than he could've ever imagined. And they were fine now. He could tell. He smiled contently and finally managed to move back to his spot on the bleachers, sitting back down besides Molly with a stupidly large grin on his face.
“Sherlock? I uh, you alright? You just told me earlier that you were fully loaded because of your power saving mode thing and-
John laughed out loud, laying on his side. “God...” He murmured to himself, smiling at his phone as he typed.
taking care of the android and not vice versa, he might be more inclined to do so. And it wasn’t a lie either. This particular android had been rejected, treated very badly by its past owner, and had a lot of issues in its programming from that experience. It was quite a phenomenon, really, and it seemed that’s why the government employee was as keen as he was assigning the android to Dr Watson in particular.
It seemed like they just couldn't stop kissing when they had finally started. The tea was getting cold, but neither of them seemed to care. “Hang- Hang on-” John said after a few minutes, scrambling to put the tray on the floor. “Come here, this will be better, now we can be closer.” John said, blushing a little. Sherlock grinned and scooted as closely as possible, placing a hand gently on John's chest. “Always so thoughtful...” He cooed and looked up at John with soft eyes. John smiled. “I try to be.” John whispered back and smiled. He looked into Sherlock's eyes for a moment, just stopping and enjoying the moment. “God... I never thought I'd had this. Not only because you're a bloke just... This. It's so warm and fuzzy and... It's unlike anything I've had before. I've never had a relationship like this before.” John admitted and Sherlock blushed deeply. “Neither have I, and that makes it even more special to me.” Sherlock grinned and placed his head onto John's shoulder.
John entered he house as quietly as he could, opening the door very slowly. He turned around, closing the door equally as gently. “Who was that?” Mr. Watson said, suddenly appearing behind him. John stood up quickly and spun around, swallowing hard. “No one. A friend”. He said quickly, unsure of what to say, but certain that he didn't want to say Sherlock's name outloud to his father. The living room had been so dark he hadn't been able to see that his father had been there, practically spying at him. “A friend your age with a car like that? I doubt it son. Now you tell me the truth or you know what the consequences will be.” Mr. Watson hissed, moving closer. John swallowed hard, shaking his head. “I'm- I'm telling the truth dad- sir-! I am, it's my friend and he has a driver that picks him up and drives him around and-” John was interrupted by a hard slap to his face, nearly toppling him over. “Don't lie to me boy.” Mr. Watson whispered, John stroking his cheek and looking back at him. “Now, tell me the truth.” He said once again. John sniffled. “I'm- I'm telling the truth- I promise- I promise I'm telling you the truth he's my friend from school and his family have a lot of money so they can afford him being driven around and you can ask Mike you can ask him and he will say that it's true-” John rambled in one breath, looking down at his father's feet. Mr. Watson got quiet, lowering his hand that had been slowly raising for another hit. He grabbed John by the shirt, pulling him up close. “You don't take charity from anyone. ANYONE. You are a Watson and you should be proud of it and if I hear about this friend one more time I promise that you will not get away this easily. Do you understand?” Mr. Watson said firmly, and John nodded quickly, finding it hard to breathe from the grip of his shirt. “Say 'yes sir'!” Mr. Watson growled. “Y-Yes sir!” John whimpered and was slowly put back down on the floor by his father. “Now hit the showers and then go to bed. You're already home late.” He continued, standing in place to make sure John did what he said. John nodded and took his bag, quickly hurrying upstairs to the bathroom.
from your care right now, I will give you another chance to explain to me why you are worthy of continuing your care of him,” Mycroft said firmly and John rubbed a hand over his forehead.
Well... It didn't work. John was getting frustrated, trying not to toss and turn, hearing soft snores coming from Sherlock. He very gently scooted out of the bed, going to the bathroom to get a glass of water before heading to his sister's bedroom. She was always up late. He knocked gently before entering slowly. “Hey, I can't sleep. And I don't want to wake Sherlock up.” John said softly and Harry nodded, sitting with her laptop on the bed. She patted beside her on the bed and John sat down, sipping gently on his water. Harry looked at him curiously with a sigh. “You're in love.” She said and John literally spit out the water he had in his mouth onto the carpet and himself. Harry wrinkled her nose. “Ew. Gross.” She said and sighed. “This shouldn't come as a surprise to you little brother.” She hummed and John quickly looked back at her, wiping his chin from the water and spit. “/In love./ In love with Sherlock bloody Holmes? No. No no no I'm a bloke I can't- I play sodding rugby I-” “And you think the fact that you play rugby is going to make you 'immune' against falling in love with boys? Wow, I thought you were smarter than that.” Harry tutted. John's cheeks heated up quickly and he looked down into his glass. “I... I suppose not...” He murmured. Harry sighed softly, closing her laptop a bit. “Bottom line is, it doesn't matter if Sherlock is a bloke or not, if you like him that way, you like him that way. It doesn't matter what gender he is.” She tried explaining. John's cheeks heated up even more, but he stayed quiet. Harry sighed softly once again. “He seems lovely, for what it's worth. A bit uptight, but very caring, at least about you.” She hummed softly. “I'm there to support you, you know. If this is what you want. Just... Think about it okay? And try not to freak out. Sherlock is Sherlock first and foremost and not just a bloke you can't date just because you're a rugby player.” She teased gently with a smile. John smiled a little back and nodded. “I'll... I'll think about it.” John said and stood up and walked to the door. “Thanks Harry.” He murmured and left to go back to his bedroom.
“Alright, alright, that’s enough, thank you, thank you, Sherlock, uhm, go back to the kitchen yeah? We’ll join you soon,” John interrupted quickly and gently pushed Sherlock along, giving him a pointed stare that meant ‘it’s okay’, before going back to Mike.
It had gotten very quiet in the room while the two of them enjoyed the cake. John was mostly quiet because he wanted to give Sherlock some space, unsure of what was going through his head at the moment. He was so angry at what had happened, and John wished he could've done even more. “You're overthinking it.” Sherlock said suddenly after placing the empty plate on the nightstand. He sighed and looked at John, biting his lip. “You couldn't have done anything more John... You did what needed to be done and you did it well. Stop kicking yourself about it, please.” Sherlock pleaded, looking into John's eyes. John blushed. It had been that obvious apparently. He nodded. “I'll try, it's just...” John sighed and rubbed his forehead. “It's just that you mean so much to me Sherlock, in a way... in a way I don't particularly understand, and I just wish...” John trailed off, reaching for his tea and taking a sip. Sherlock looked at John with big eyes. He meant so much to John. He quickly reached forward, placing a hand on John's knee. “You mean just as much to me John.” He nodded sincerely. John smiled and chuckled. “Cheers.” He said and nodded, not really catching on to what Sherlock was really trying to say. Sherlock sighed. This was difficult indeed.
“Right. Okay. Fine. Have it your way,” John nodded and clutched his hands together before looking up at Mycroft. “I didn’t read the manual, no, because Sherlock was so upset upon seeing it that he tore it apart. I was instructed to take it away, and I did. I hid it away so it wouldn’t upset him again, and after that, I haven’t been alone for a longer period of time to read it comfortably without the risk of Sherlock seeing it and getting upset again,” John swallowed thickly. “
“I have no intention of opening up the umbrella so we should be alright, don’t you think, Dr. Watson?” The man spoke slowly, almost coyly in a way. John raised an eyebrow.
“Sherlock, I'm not so sure about this.” John said when he met up with him by the big doors leading outside. Sherlock tilted his head. “Oh... You've changed your mind. That's... That's fair.” Sherlock said, but felt gutted. He had been looking forward to this all day and now John didn't want to go. John quickly shook his head. “No- No I've not changed my mind I just- I'm worried about it yeah? I'm not sure what your parents will think of me, I mean, as a friend.” He added quickly. Sherlock sighed. “John. My parents are kind. Almost too kind. I often wonder how me and my brother came from them, since neither of us are so... enthusiastic.” Sherlock nodded. “You'll be fine. But if you don't want to go, I will accept that too.” Sherlock said with a soft smile. John rubbed his neck, looking at Sherlock. “Fine then. I'll go. But if they turn on me you better be there to protect me.” John said and Sherlock chuckled. “Turn on you? By the end of the evening they'll wish you were their third son. Now come on Watson.” Sherlock smirked and started walking.
“Alright, easy now, hey,” John pulled Sherlock back, holding him still in his arms. Sherlock looked at Ella with wide eyes.
When Mycroft left through the doors, John did an inaudible grumble before looking down at Sherlock. He smiled apprehensively and bit his lip.
The thought was comforting, soothing almost, and he realised he should probably tell Ella all about this at their next meeting. John groaned. Right. Ella. Tomorrow. John rubbed his forehead. Perhaps he could have her come to the flat. She had offered before when John was too stressed to head outside in the traffic and bustle of all the people. Maybe she would consider it now as well, if he explained about his experiences with Sherlock. Or if Sherlock wanted to go outside again tomorrow, it would be quite fitting that-
“Yes. Sherlock. Mike, was it?” Sherlock said with a tense voice and Mike tilted his head at the hostility. John placed a croissant in front of Sherlock that Mike had brought before placing a hand on Sherlock’s arm.
Their desserts arrived and the cake slice really was massive, but it looked delicious. There was indeed three different layers, and lots and lots of dripping dark chocolate sauce on each side. John licked his lips just a little, grabbing one of the spoons. Steaming mugs of tea and coffee were being placed on the table as well, and the evening got even cozier somehow.
“Let's have some crisps, I'm bloody starving actually.” He said and tried to open the bags as quietly as possible. Sherlock nodded. “I'm quite hungry as well.” Sherlock said, moving up on the bed a bit more. “Wait.” John said and began fluffing up the pillows so they could lounge in it the same way they had at Mike's. “There, much better. Let's see what's on the telly, even though late night programs usually aren't the best.” John said and turned on his rather small telly. Sherlock shrugged. “I quite enjoy crap night telly, it's mindless fun and it helps my brain relax.” Sherlock said and then chuckled a little when John did. “Alright, /crap/ telly it is then.” He said and nudged Sherlock playfully, causing him to drop his crisps. “Hey, not fair.” Sherlock said and nudged John back. John smirked. “You know you stand no chance up against a rugby player in the nudging department, right?” He said and Sherlock did a cute little huff. “I most certainly do, because I have the brains to figure out how to deflect any attack before you even make them.” Sherlock challenged, keeping his head held high. “Oh really?” John said, raising a cheeky eyebrow. “Really-” Sherlock began but yelped as John pounced on him, pushing him down onto the bed, starting to tickle his sides. Sherlock gasped and began to giggle frantically. “This- This is cheating- John- John Watson-” Sherlock said between gasps, grinning, giggling, and squirming underneath John's touch. “Shh, you'll wake the whole house up!” John said and chuckled back, continuing to tickle him. “And it's not cheating, I've just found your soft spot.” John said with a smirk, straddling one of Sherlock's legs to keep him pinned down. Sherlock blushed more and grabbed at John's wrists. “Time- Time out- Time out-” He stuttered, panting hard, and John stopped instantly. “Do you surrender then, Mr. Highly-intellectual-I-can-deduce-your-every-move-guy?” John smirked and Sherlock tried to desperately catch his breath. He shook his head. “I never surrender to a cheater!” Sherlock said and quickly scanned John's body, realising where he had to put pressure to be able to reverse the rolls. And with a soft yelp, John was quickly turned onto his back and Sherlock was pinning him down instead. Sherlock smirked triumphantly. “What do you say now then, Mr. I'm-a-muscly-rugby-player-but-I-still-cheat-and-go-for-the-tickles?” Sherlock said with a wicked grin and John smirked back. “Well, I must say, that I am defeated. That was pretty impressive.” He said and Sherlock smiled, letting go and quickly moved off John when he realised he was straddling him. “Good. And it was very impressive considering how strong you are compared to myself.” Sherlock hummed. “But don't worry, I won't tell your rugby mates I beat you.” Sherlock smirked and leaned back against the pillows. John smiled. “And I won't tell anyone your weakness is tickling, because I could, in a heartbeat.” He said and winked, moving up to the pillows as well.
“I, oh, uhm, wow, thank you this is… So nice I uhm,” John stopped, unsure of what to say. But as he struggled to get his words out, Sherlock had slowly swooped up behind him, still wearing pyjamas of course, and stared at Mike just as Mike stared at him.
He looked at the piece of technology laying before him, and he realised that Sherlock had somehow managed to become more than that. John reflected on the interaction at the odd lab, how concerned he had been for Sherlock’s well being. Of course, John was a very caring individual but, he hadn’t realized just how important Sherlock was already, until now. It both frightened him and excited him in a way. He thought… When he had gotten back, he was broken and was going to face a life alone forever. But now… Now it didn’t seem that way. Now he had Sherlock. And if he didn’t screw things up anymore, Sherlock would be there forever with him as well.
John didn't waste any time, and grabbed the provided fork for his cake. He thought it was strange, used to using a spoon, but he realised it must be a posh thing using a fork for cake. He took a big bite, stuffing it into his mouth as if it would disappear if he didn't. “Oh my god-” John mumbled, his mouth full of cake. “This is delicious!” He said and swallowed down the piece of cake before taking another big bite. Sherlock sighed fondly, smiling at John. He had been collecting courage to feed John some of the cake in a seductive manner, but the way John was stuffing his face with it, he realised there probably wouldn't be any time, or cake, left for that. Not that he knew how to do it anyway, but he would improvise of course. John smiled, slowing down a bit. “You okay? What are you thinking about?” John asked, seeing Sherlock a bit lost in thought. “Hmm? Oh... Just... Cake?” He asked, taking the opportunity when John had paused to speak, putting a piece of John's cake on his fork and offering it to him quickly. John blushed. “Oh... Okay.” He said and swallowed nervously before taking the bite. This was different than at the restaurant. They were all alone, and it was a lot more intimate. The cake tasted a million times better, if even possible, and John smiled shyly, doing the same for Sherlock. “Your turn.” He almost whispered, holding the fork up to Sherlock's mouth. “Close your eyes.” John said and Sherlock frowned. “Why?” He asked and John smiled softly. “Because it's your first bite, and you'll be able to taste it better if you have your eyes closed, trust me.” John said and Sherlock nodded, though found it odd. “Alright.” He said and closed his eyes gently, waiting with his lips slightly parted.
John quickly sat back down with his book on his lap, continuing where he left off. It was a very good book indeed, and it explained things in a different way that made much more sense to him. He wondered how Sherlock knew that this would be a more suitable read, Sherlock didn't really know anything about him after all. He reached for his phone, deciding to see if he could find Sherlock's cell phone number so that he could thank him. “Here you go luv.” Mrs. Watson said, bringing in a big bowl of ice cream. She pecked the top of John's head and stroke his back. “It will be alright, it will all be alright.” She said with a sad smile, her voice trembling slightly .
John turned on the light on his nighstand, a soft light spreading across the little room. Sherlock looked around curiously. It was... It was such a drastic difference to his own, big room. It wasn't really too cramped, but it sure didn't leave John much space to move around and do other things in his room. “It's cozy.” Sherlock decided with a soft smile after a little while, the warmth of the room very pleasant, and the whole room smelled like John. “Yeah, thanks. Why... Why are you grinning?” John asked and Sherlock realised he was still wearing that grin that Harry had evoked. Sherlock was able to turn his grin into a gentle smile. “Oh... Nothing. Just... nice to see your room that's all.” He said and John chuckled a little. “Well there's not much to see is it?” He said and moved to his bed, tossing some clothes down on the floor. “Sorry, if I knew you were coming I would've cleaned up a bit...” John murmured awkwardly and Sherlock shrugged. “It's alright John, I promise. My room can be quite a mess too sometimes.” He said and sat down on John's bed shyly. John's bed. He was sitting on John Watson's bed. And it was... so soft. He stroke the sheets gently, smiling a little to himself. Of course it had been nice to snuggle at Mike's place, but that was in Mike's bed, not John's. Entirely different, of course.
“Hello sir, may I bring you something- Oh,” The android stopped. “Sorry, I mistook you for a human. Hello fellow android,” the man said and walked up to Sherlock who curled up a bit, making himself small. He was curious, but he was more scared than curious really. The android smiled. “Hmm, you’re not like us. You’re a different model. I’ve never seen anyone like you,” the android said and Sherlock shifted in his seat.
“I’m Dr. John Watson’s service android. I’m here to care for him in any way possible or rather that he’ll allow me to. I was sent by request from his therapist and-”
Sherlock had stayed late at the library that day, trying to learn where everything was. The library wasn't even half the size of the one at his last school, and he felt a bit saddened by that fact. He loved to sit in the library and just read for hours on end, something that probably hadn't boosted his popularity at his last school either. Not that it bothered him. He would be the one with all the knowledge in the end. Eventually he was getting tired, having skipped his lunch just like he usually did and it left him with much energy towards the evening. He decided to give up the books for now, and headed outside, knowing his ride home would be there in ten minutes or less.
A while later, some people had dropped off from the gathering, and Mike moved to sit beside John. John was still working his way through the pizza, and Sherlock was on his third slice, having forgotten the fact that he had stated that he doesn't eat. John smiled at him, feeling glad that his plan of sharing a pizza had worked. “How's things going here then?” Mike said and John smiled at him, wrapping an arm around his shoulder. “It's going good. You want a piece? I doubt we'll be able to finish it.” John said and Mike took a slice with a nod. “I wouldn't consider you the pizza eating kind Sherlock.” Mike joked and chuckled but John glared at him. “Mike, shut up.” He hissed, his friend frowning. Sherlock swallowed heavily. “Why... Why can't I eat pizza?” Sherlock asked worriedly. John shook his head. “Don't listen to him he's stupid alright?” John huffed. Mike shrugged. “You look like someone who would eat posh food. Like, I don't know, lobsters and stuff? Not a pepperoni pizza at least.” Mike continued, John rolling his eyes. “Oh...” Sherlock said, looking down at the greasy slice of pizza. “So that's what you think of me then? What you /both/ think of me then since you are friends? That I'm some posh snob that can't enjoy anything remotely mundane?” Sherlock said, his voice upset. John quickly shook his head, cleaning off his hands. “No, no Sherlock that's not it at all. I said don't listen to him, he's just being silly.” John said and put a gentle hand on Sherlock's shoulder. Sherlock flinched. “Excuse me.” He said and rushed out of the pizzeria, going to the corner of the street and lighting a cigarette. John sighed. “Look what you've done yeah? I just got him to eat properly and you start saying stupid things like that? I don't think about him like that at all, and neither should you.” John snapped and got up from his seat to go after Sherlock. “I was just having a laugh!” Mike yelled after him and closed his eyes with a sigh.
“Alright. Fine. Yes. I… Yes. I’ll take him- I mean, uhm, I’ll… Be assigned him, or however you call it…” John mumbled and licked his lips nervously, looking down slightly for a moment before looking up at Ella who was smiling softly now.
After the first class, which John had fallen asleep in several times, he headed towards the nurse's office, just as Sherlock had instructed. The school nurse had the day off on fridays, so he wasn't even sure why they were meeting there in the first place. He went alone, and smiled sleepily as he saw Sherlock standing by the door. “So, here I am, bruises and all.” John said and snorted softly. “You know our school nurse has fridays off, right?” John said with a soft smirk. Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Of course I do, otherwise I wouldn't suggest us going here would I?” Sherlock said and retrieved a hair pin from the back of his unruly head of curls. He opened it up with his mouth, and began moving it around in the lock. “Keep a lookout.” He told John, who frowned skeptically. “What are you doing? You know that stuff doesn't work right? It's only in the films-” But by the time John finished that scentence, Sherlock had successfully opened the door. John's eyes widened. “Remind me to ask you to come along if I ever decide to rob something.” John said but gasped quickly as he was pulled by his hand into the office. Sherlock smirked and patted one of the chairs after closing the door behind them. “Sit down Watson, this might hurt a little.” Sherlock said and went to the cupboards, rummaging around. John flinched. “What- What do you mean hurt a little? What are you doing to do-” “Relax, John, it was a joke.” Sherlock interrupted him and rolled his eyes. “I'm just going to put some cream on it. Get the swelling down and reduce the redness.” Sherlock said and smiled as he finally found the right cream to use. John sighed. “Don't scare me like that...” He muttered, crossing his arms. Sherlock chuckled and pulled a chair close so that he was sitting comfortably right in front of John. This gave him an excellent opportunity to study John's face. Strong, yet somehow soft features, the sandy blonde hair, the little chubby but adorable nose, the eyes he could just get lost in- “Sherlock? Are you alright?” John asked with a frown. Sherlock blushed deeply, quickly shaking his head to get back to reality. He nodded. “Fine, just fine. Sorry.” He said and put some cream on his pointer finger, gently starting to smooth it over John's bruise. John hissed a little, not because of the cream but because of the touch. “Shh, it'll feel better soon, promise.” Sherlock whispered and smiled gently, completely focused at the task at hand. John smiled a little and looked at Sherlock as he worked. When Sherlock was quiet and not witty, he had a chance to really look at the young man's face. The cheekbones, the long slender nose, the beautiful eyes... John blushed. What was he thinking about? Something he really shouldn't be thinking about, that's for sure. Sherlock smiled. “You seem to be blushing Watson. Is everything alright?” Sherlock said in a soft, slightly teasing voice. John cleared his throat. “Yes, yep, I'm fine. Absolutely, fine.” John stuttered, licking his lip. Sherlock smirked crookedly. “Good... Good.” He said and moved down the cheekbone a bit with the cream. “Your cheeks seem to be red but for a whole other reason than the bruising...” Sherlock murmured shyly, his eyes flickering to John's, trying to insinuate... something. John swallowed heavily once more. “It's- It's nothing alright?” John stuttered, getting rather flustered. Sherlock moved slowly, taking his time, but John's patience was running thin. “I- I think we're done here, I think-” John stuttered, standing up quickly, making Sherlock drag a stripe of cream down his cheek. Sherlock blushed heavily. He had gone too far, said to much. He quickly grabbed a tissue. “Let me clean off your cheek-” “I said we're done here.” John said and backed away before quickly storming out of the nurse's office, continuing to half run down the hallway. Sherlock stood alone in the room now, clutching the tissue. He had taken it too far. He wasn't even one to talk like that or even... touch like that. But with John it had been so easy and- He quickly cleaned up the office to it's original state and closed the door, locking it behind him. “John!” He called, starting to rush after him.
