"I don't have to explain myself to you."
"Steve could be, too, if we don't hurry."
Peter pushed his way to the front of the crowd. Tony through an arm across Peter's chest, not letting him take one step closer to Bruce.
. It was the first thing he made when he had gotten home from Afghanistan and he was proud of it. And now people had their filthy hands all over his eye. Tony thrashed against his restraints, screaming curses until someone shoved a needle in his neck. Then everything went black.
"Touch me and I will
Steve shook his head, "I'm fine." Iron Man scanned him again. His teammate didn't have any serious injuries, but Tony was still worried. Steve took Iron Man's hands in his own, "I'm fine. Really."
"Sorry!" Tony yelled.
Clint frowned, "just cause he doesn't have skin doesn't make him any less human. It's all about what's up here, right?" He tapped his own temple with his index finger.
"That's very true, but besides the point."
Tony made a face, "how would I even tell him? Hey, Pete, I boned your dad, hope you don't mind!"
"Sam."
"You giving the kid a hard time, Joe?" Another man walked up to the stand. He looked fairly young and had curly black hair.
"Okay, that was interesting," Sam flew back in through the broken windows, the Avengers who had taken the fight outside following close behind. The lawn was littered with chunks of armor, some of them still on fire. Nothing too dangerous, thankfully. But not too pleasant either.
Tony let the guard’s hand go as he made his way into the building, security pass now in hand. Peggy, finally walked up to catch up with Tony, “Anthony, Captain Rogers and his team will return tomorrow evening, until then feel free to stay and help with any projects with clearance level four and below.” Tony snorted, giving a general fake salute to his Aunt. “Yeah, Yeah, nothing exciting, Level four is a bit insulting compared to Steve’s level nine.”
D&B xx
“I’ll stand right beside you the whole time but Peter, he’s just a kid and to be honest with you Tony, what would you have wanted him to say? To stop them? He probably wouldn’t exist if it hadn’t happened.” Steve gave a gentle squeeze of Tony hand as he let out a breathy sigh, “He adores his parents and quiet rightly so when it comes to you, I just… please try to forgive him?”
transport suit tech. He knows he shouldn’t. Or he knows
“All clear in the windows. Go for entry.”
Steve was taking in the appearance of the apartment and its current state of un-packing when he heard a soft whimper from Tony’s room, gently stepping his way down the hall and slowly peaking round the door to Tony’s room. Tony had completely kicked of the blanket covering him, his legs whipping from side to side from his position on the bed. Steve sighed and walked in the room and gently sat on the edge of the bed. Steve raised his hand to rub Tony’s back, hesitating just for a second for before running his hand up and down Tony’s back.
“You’re not seeing anyone just now are you?” Peter asked warily.
Steve was taken off guard by the kid, it was like he knew what he was thinking, literally just about to ask for a glass of water. He was going to keep a close eye on the kid. Who was smiling happily at him, he felt bad if this was the kid, he yelled at down the phone a couple of days. “So, Peter, how do you know Tony?”
Are you here to take me home?” Tony looked so young, so lost. Rhodey smiled in the corner of his mouth, taking Tony’s hand in his to pull him up. Tony politely shoved the women out the way of the booth so he could climb down. Tony let go once he was upright and followed Rhodey back towards the front door. He stopped just before the threshold. Rhodey turned and watched as Tony’s hand that gripped the door frame, shook violently.
Peter’s tears stopped. He made an unsteady move to get up, Steve moved faster, crossing his legs to jump up first, his hands hovering just off of Peter’s body. Peter stood up finally, dusting off his clothes, he stared Steve straight in the eyes. Steve almost took a step back with the intensity of the stare, he could see his own determination thrown right back at him, he was in Peter’s life, practically raise the boy, he could see it in the way the Peter stood, his arms tense by his side, shoulders back.
There was a loud knock at the door. Peggy used the back of her hand to wipe some of the makeup off her face that had streamed down with the tears. Tony reached back on to the bed to pull on a grey zipper hoodie, using the sleeves to clear his eyes. Tony jumped up, holding out his hand to help his aunt off the floor. She sorted her dress out before heading to the door. Opening it wide the pair found Agent Coulson, “Ma’am, Mr Stark, Captain America and his… team are back with the boy. They have just registered with the first entry check point. ETA ten minutes.”
Tony sat in the row ahead of Peter, thinking the kid was asleep again. The doors to the aircraft shut and the pilot ready to depart, they set off. Tony watch out the window, as the concrete runway turned into the dark cloudy skies above New York. He played with the edge of his glasses in his hands. Once the all clear had come from the pilot, Tony looked over his shoulder to check on Peter. He seemed out cold so Tony turned down the cabin lights and pulled out a small pager like device from his pocket.
“It doesn’t matter now Steve, you’re back, we’re back-“ Steve jumped up, jostling Tony who was leaning onto his side, holding his hand out to help Tony up. “ It does matter! They lied to me!, to You! They knew, They took advantage of me and of you! It ends now! Never again.” Steve marched his way round to the other side of Peggy’s desk, taking the pen out of its stand he slammed a piece of paper down and began to write.
quickly whipped the duvet free and allowed his family to climb in under the weighted blanket, as soon as Peter touched down, he found his body wrapped in a mess of arms, he quickly found his parents cocooning him in the middle. “I missed you guys.” Tony rolled and pulled Peter into his chest, out of the arms of his Pops, “We missed you too kiddo but if its required, you’re absolutely grounded in the 2018. No time travel for the rest of your life!”
“Lucky you, then. Have you already proposed to her?” Steve said.
“I’ve always been.”
As expected, they didn’t take long, coming at the same time. The sync is always unbeatable for both of them. Steve spilled inside him, filling him up as his thrusts started to slow down, his cum coming out of Bucky’s hole and dripping onto his thighs. The soldier jerked off in Steve’s hands, white strips of semen falling on his knuckles and smudging the back of the couch. A mess, a complete mess they just have done.
"It's okay. You need to go back, I-I'll be fine, you," Steve tries to swallow the lump forming in the throat. "You belong to 2023. Your life is there. I-I'll be fine, Tony."
“Damn it, Stevie,” Bucky cursed when Steve was circling his thumb on the head of his cock, spreading that leak drop of precum.
The aid kit was on Tony's bed, of course, Steve would need to change the bandages before they go. Although Tony did not like the idea of Steve coming with him, he was still recovering from the bullet wound, but Tony knew very well that the supersoldier was as stubborn as himself, so Steve wasn't changing his mind.
,” Peggy let out, sending a discreet, but furious look at Steve. “We have a soda, sparkle water--”
“Okay.”
"You can talk to me, Tony," Steve reassures him squeezing the philanthropist's left knee.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve didn’t have the intention of hearing the conversation between the red-haired and the blonde. But, well, Natasha’s office has thin walls that didn’t help to hide any sounds made from the inside, plus the half-opened door allowed any noise coming from the inside to be heard. Steve detected the sound of a chair racking on the floor as Pepper sat, he supposed.
"Of course you did." He took the document spreading it on the table next to them.
"Okay."
“Yes. I--,” he did it again. “I’m gonna be okay.”
Tony joins the right elements, trusting his vision and experience to make sure he's putting the correct quantity, to the bomb gets the exact reaction he's expecting. This is their way out.
"It is."
"Well, even though I love this idea, that's not what I was thinking." Tony smirk. "It's about the Tesseract, we need to keep it in a safe place till we got the particles.
“I don’t know,” he shrugged slightly to not bother Steve. “Someone told me I’d be good at it, I did some photos for a campaign in college, then I just kept doing it. Also, my father hated it, and I liked to do what my father didn’t want me to, it annoyed him,” this made Steve laugh again. “I guess that’s it. Then, he and my mother died in a car crash some years later. I had my own money from some photoshoots and eventually inherited the company. It wasn’t what it is nowadays, but I managed it.”
Tony did not have any idea how much time has passed, but he imagines it was hours when he recovers consciousness. His body and head were aching like hell and he tastes blood in his mouth. Memories of the day came up fast as he sat on the cold floor leaning on the wall. His hand goes to the back of his head, the place was sore but it wasn't bleeding any more.
Tony must have fallen asleep again. because when he wakes up Steve is no longer sat on the chair. He smells coffee and it makes his heart warms, it feels like home again, like he would scold someone soon for putting coffee grounds in the kitchen disposal, the memory makes him smile.
Steve lies down by his side, wrapping an arm around Tony, smelling his hair.
"Wow! That was..." Tony started to say.
It was him, no doubt. His hair falling onto his forehead, his lips slightly parted, the blankets wrinkled covering his body, he looks so peaceful. Tony doesn't remember the last time he got a proper night of sleep.
Steve pulls away smiling, stroking the brunet cheek with his thumb.
Well, Steve wasn't wrong at all, they walk two blocks away and there is a sign indicating the hotel, it wasn't so fancy, but it would be enough to pass the night. They enter the place, the only light source was the doors opened, the hall smelled of mold and there was a slight dust resting in the furniture.
Tony spits the words so fast that Steve's ears are not so sure of what they just listened. That's awkward. Unexpect just like the kiss they shared. It sounded so right. Maybe, the timeline was affecting his mind, or whatever. Steve doesn't know what to say next, so he observes Tony for a few seconds, watching while the brunet's shoulder tenses up, his grip intensifies on the wheel and his breath becomes irregular. The words loosen in the air and none of them can react to the side effects those loud words cause in their heart.
He had nothing else to lose, so his body surrenders leaning to the blond and bringing their lips together. Tony doesn't need to fight for dominance in this kiss because Steve already allowed him to take over. Steve pulls Tony closer to his body, the brunet is almost sat on his lap. Tony's hand rests on the blond's chest while Steve has his hand on the billionaire tight. It was an urgent and needy kiss, it felt so
"We should split up," Tony suggests.
Tony chuckles.
“The perfect ring,” Bucky replied to his question, dragging Steve out of his reveries. Steve nodded in knowledge.
"What time is it?" he asked sitting on the bed, his gaze resting upon Steve.
(See the end of the chapter for
Nevertheless, Steve doesn't feel convinced. Of course, there is something bothering him. So, Steve slides in the bed sitting by his side. The blond was a little taller than him, which oblige Tony to raise his gaze to find Steve's marvelous blue eyes.
“So do I, Buck,” Steve stated, focusing on the pile of plates and pans in front of him. Bucky stayed there for a few more minutes in complete silence until he glanced up to the clock on the wall and decided it was time to get some sleep.
The first lights of dawn hit Natasha's face waking her up, she hadn't even realized that she fell asleep last night. She raises her hand to shield her eyes for the morning light. Natasha groans while sitting up straight, definitely sleeping on a chair wasn't the best idea, she should've brought a mattress to this area of the compound, although she has never meant to sleep.
The red-haired waited patiently as Steve read the contract with SHIELD Clothing. The soldier took a deep breath when he read the value of his salary. That was more than enough, and he thought he has never been so well paid before as a photographer. Not even right after his graduation when he worked in small agencies. Steve read every single clause of the contract, which might have taken him 15 or 20 minutes. Natasha was casually sanding her nails on the desk by the time he finished it.
Maria stormed her way through to the living room. Peter stayed next to Ana, who was trying her best not to hear the yelling through the walls. “Howard is so harsh to the boy, he just wanted a friend.” Peter kept quiet, next to her, “you wouldn’t be able to fix that would you?”
“Of course, Nephew, I will pass on your message. Young man of Iron, please continue to look after him with all your skills. He is important to the family and… you will probably not forgive yourself if something were to happen to him.” Thor dropped his head at the end, fearful of his own words, what would be considered too much information but if it was the truth was it not necessary to tell. “Thor, what do Uncle B and Aunty Nat know about a shooter with a metal arm? He’s the closest thing to a threat I have here.” Thor nodded, turned back to the wall, Peter had clocked that where ever Thor was in the present, his family were all there, his chest heated up, he felt a bit emotional that his entire family had turned up to figure out how to get him home.
And their son had it front and centre on his wall. Tony stood up, running his hand gently over the frames, the thin layer of dust coming off on his finger. “Friday. Can you send up the cleaners to give the room a refresh, I’m going to do some of Peter’s laundry.”
“So, what do you uh, think of kids and family and stuff.” Tony shuffled in his chair, leaning back with his glass of water, crossing his legs under the table, relaxing back into his chair. Hammer was sat bolt upright, legs crossed as well but casually gulping at his wine. “Well, you know, they are alright, half decent investment for the family money to stay where it’s supposed to be.” Making his point clear with emphasise, poking his finger repeatedly into the table, “In the family.” He gave a corrective cough, calming down again, “You and I are both products of that type of wealth management, It’s only natural that we seek out someone who is like ourselves.” Tony screwed his face up at the comment, he hated himself sometimes, why the fuck would anyone want to go out with his attitude, if Hammer thought they were similar, gosh, was he actually that type of person? ‘Gosh’ Tony thought to himself, mentally rolling his eyes, he sounded like Steve.
The pair walked down the hallway past the room where the crack had appeared, the door left slightly open, Steve noticed Peter glance in to the room, he quick tripped on his step with his trainers. Steve wrapped his arm over Peter’s shoulder, “don’t worry we will get you home, before you know it you will miss the music and food- scratch that Tony’s only fed you takeaway, hasn’t he?” Peter shook his head, “Jarvis’ family pasta dish and then takeaway.” Peter chuckled feeling relieved that at least Steve wasn’t going to harass him much more, he knew why Peter was defensive, he thought about how different this experience could have been if he’d met Steve first, might have been a bit more of a shock waking up in the middle of a spy operation.
“How are you Steve?” Peggy’s hardened expression softened into one of concern and care for Steve’s wellbeing. Steve slid down in the chair a little stretching out his legs in a more relaxed position. “Well, I was shot and didn’t even see him, so not feeling too great Peggy. How are you?” Peggy continued to watch Steve, “I’ve been better, intel says its either Howard or Anthony that he’s targeting. Can you confirm either?” Steve shook his head, “Shoot had public news articles up on his computer before he shot through it and destroyed it, equal halves for articles about Howard and Tony.” Peggy sighed, “Will you ever call him by his name? His name is Anthony it’s not that hard, Steve” Steve chuckled a little, “I’m sure, even you, have slipped up even once and a while.”
Tony rolled his wrist around before jumping in, “Uh, does Shield know you are here, and can you take Peter home?” The model turned and smiled widely at Tony, “Ah Young man of Iron! I’m glad you are keeping Peter safe, I unfortunately cannot bring Peter home, I’m here purely as an apparition of myself.” Peter stepped forward a disappointed look clear on his face. He waved his arm through his Uncle’s waist, Thor giggled, “Ok that tickled a little. I am here to pass on a message that your fathers will be with you soon, they do not know why they do not remember you in this time, but they say to tread carefully because of this information!” Thor looked off in the distance while facing a brick wall, “Yes, I will pass on the message,” Thor turned away from the wall to face Peter.
Tony’s smile fell as the large wooden doors clicked shut. Turning back to his computer he inspected his coding. Out-sourcing development is a bullshit title if Tony had ever heard of one, like his father’s almost daily five o’clock ‘
Tony woke with a start, grabbing the large pillow off of his face. The sheets pooled around his waist, raising the back of his hand to roughly to rub at his eyes, wincing in the day light that streamed into the room, streaming in from the wrong wall as he quickly realised he wasn’t in his own silk sheets but Steve’s cotton rich blanket.
“OH SUGAR PLUMS!” Ana called out in frustration, as Peter and Tony made their way into the kitchen area, the vast marble kitchen had been renovated by the time Peter was born, this kitchen was similar but a light wooden finish with sand coloured marble tops. Ana was wrapped in her apron, dropping the heavy pot back down onto the gas hob, with an exhausted sigh, placing her hands on her hips with a harrumph.
“Honestly, Tony I shouldn’t have let you go to college so young, you still dress like a teenager.” She teased him by tickling his sides gently, Tony laughed and tried to grab his mother’s hand to stop her. “Tony.” Tony stood still, he looked past his mother to see his father, his hands on his hips, judging his interaction with his Mother. Mrs Stark made her way over to greet Ana, when she spotted Peter. She stopped in her tracks, her confusion and shock showing clear on her face. “You’re the Peter Jarvis told me about?” Peter nodded, giving a small smile to her. She stepped forward to get a closer look at Peter, she was caught off guard by just how similar he was to Tony, it was his eyes, it was the sheer energy behind them, the shone, brimming with ideas and life. Peter held out his hand to shake hers, she took his gently to shake his. She turned to walk further down the hall, clearly lost in thought.
Barton has his back pressed against the wall, blind firing out the window, until the bullets stopped. Barton pulled out his communicator device. “Shield support required at target’s location and satellite/CCTV images of the city being monitored for the suspect, medical team required for the Captain.” Steve rolled off of Natasha, lying out of breath on his back. “I’m getting pretty sick of being shot!” His hand raced down to grip the side of his thigh, trying to stop the bleeding.
Peggy leaned over the edge of the railing next to Coulson and watched as Steve ran off across the atrium, Peggy turned her head towards the young agent, “That’s going to cost a bit to repair, should we leave it until they return back to their time?” Peggy chuckled lightly, patting Coulson on the shoulder before assembling her security team to formulate a plan. Coulson stood and watched Steve run through the double door on the far end of the atrium. He stepped back from the railing and chuckled to himself, “Captain America knows my name! He gave me a task!”Coulson broke off in a sprint down the stairs towards his office, to print out the info.
Peter dived back into the box, scrapping his hand along the bottom of the box he grabbed the last of the items inside, he pulled out a envelope with a letter inside and strip of photobooth photos. “Good work kiddo, That’s the photos we’re looking for, FRIDAY, Scan the images and print a copy for Steve’s wallet, would ya?” Tony called out to room, Steve took the original in his hand, admiring the young couple in the photos posing with silly faces, “This is the day your Dad and I finally got together, we were supposed to go to this concert off campus, … what was it for? Anyway ended up ditching it for the mall and dinner at Sally’s dinner on the corner.” Steve and Tony shared a moment almost teleported back to that very moment where a nervous Steve placed his then brittle friendship with Tony on the line for just one shot at what he wanted. Tony looked at Steve and smiled, that photo must be at least 20 years old now, hindsight is 20:20, but Tony knew it was meant to be, no matter what, it had always been Steve by his side, Rhodey-bear was a close 2
Peter’s face slackened, his mouth left slightly open, eyes wide in wonder. His Pops looked tired if that was possible, Peter recognised the shirt from the morning when he disappeared, It was crumpled in places, the dark jeans now replaced with workout joggers. His hair unkept, the bags under his eyes were not that pronounced but it was clear his Pops had not slept. His Pops had burns over his arms, faint but there. A tired look staring back at the camera.
Turning off the engine, it let out a loud cough before going silent, he sighed and rested his hands on his lap. “Dude are we really going to do this?” Steve nodded to himself, trying justify the stupid plan. “We just need the radio transmitter and we can’t just waltz into Shield and steal one.” Clint laughed hysterically and turned to look out the window, “No, just steal it from the Smithsonian! That’s so much easier!”
Peggy place the phone down on the holder. He office doors slammed against the walls as they whipped open. “Director! The anomaly is opening soon! Confirmed reading match the previous times!” She quickly walked around to the other side of her desk, stepping close to the scientist “Where is Anthony?”
Peter landed in a roll on the next roof top, he activated the suit expansion button to rapidly pull on the mask, “Karen, track him!” Peter yelled out to Karen as he leaped across the next building. He could just hear the blood rushing in his ears, his heartbeat on over drive and the sound of his feet pounding against the gravel covered roof tops of the MIT Campus.
Steve expected Peter to pull some superhero poses with it, like in the old war comics, instead he just inspected it, like he knew each scratch of the paint and where to tuck and wrap the loose thread from arm grips. It was suspicious but also fascinating to watch. Peter knocked himself out of his trance, looking up at Steve and handing back the shield. “Thank you for that.” Steve nodded, “No bother kid, it’s late you should head to bed, but can you give me a hand with some bed sheets. I’m exhausted.”
“I’m hanging out, waiting for you, in my room I think?"
“Come on in Peter, its cold outside and you need to meet Ana!” Tony turned around pushing open on of the doors, Peter could hear Tony voice echo in the large mansions hallway. “ANA! I’m back!” As Peter made his way up to stairs with Jarvis, he could hear the clicking of heels making their way towards Tony. When he finally crossed the threshold of the mansion, he found Tony getting checked over by Ana Jarvis. “Ah, Peter this is my wife, Ana Jarvis, Mr Stark is kind enough to let her stay with me here.” Peter smiled and tried to straighten up his jumper again to look presentable for Ana.
Thank you so much for continued support and interest in this story! I truly hope you like it! xx
Clint whistled out the side of his mouth. “I don’t know, honestly, how to answer that, just… If this is the final time you’re going to see Peter, then ask everything you want to know, just take it all in while you can.” Steve nodded slowly, maybe more for himself. Steve looked up from his lap, thrusting his hand forward onto the dashboard, “CLINT.”
Peter stepped forwards with a wide grin, looking up at Steve as he stepped towards him and his dad. barely making eye contact with them, “Hey Steve,” Peter stood between them. “Hi Peter, been a while.” Peter nodded back, Steve saw the innocent smile of a youthful kid free of stress for the first time since he met him. “Steve, I’d like you to meet my Pops, but I guess you figured that out already.”
Tony finally was able to full taking in the state of Steve, reaching automatically for a cut on his forehead, checking him over, “God, Steve, what have they done to you? Is that your blood?!” Steve just continued to laugh, short of breath and overjoyed. Tony finally relaxed, gripping the back of Steve’s suit tightly. Gripping the back straps and refusing to let go. Steve’s laughs reverberated through Tony’s body.
“Are you two quite finished?” Peggy’s sharp voice called out to the elevator crowd with a gentle but persistent tone. Once again, the Captain returned, coughing into his fist and stood to attention staring at the wall. Tony frowned at Steve, trying not to look too hurt at the 180, Steve can take when it comes to Tony.
“Kid, hey its alright, I believe you, I swear don’t worry, please uh, stop hyperventilating.” Tony awkwardly shuffled them towards the couch. Peter passed out. Tony awkwardly caught him in his arms and laid him out on the couch. He took a step back to get a look at the kid, Tony walked over to the kitchen table and started to rummage through the paper trails, he landed on a blood test kit. He might as well be sure and totally check to see if they kids ok. Or high on drugs but mostly to see if he is his son, just in case his gut feeling isn’t right. Tony stops as he reaches to grab the testing kit and stares at the jacket on the back of the chair, he sighs. His face shifts into a slight pained expression, he would need to pack up Steve’s stuff into his room. It had been 3 weeks since he left school and if the kid was staying he’d need a place to sleep. Steve wasn’t coming back, he was the ‘Captain’ now, he didn’t have to be friends with him anymore, he could be in Africa or back in Boston for all he knows. Though… the kid knew Steve, no. Rogers, so maybe they would be friends again, long life ahead of him if the kids story is true. But for now Rogers had left him alone to go be the ‘Captain’ again, he’d lost his best friend. Walking over to Peter, Tony dropped down on to one knew and extracted a sample of the blood. Grabbing a pen and paper, he left a note for Peter to explain where he went, picking up his coat from the floor by the door, he headed towards the campus laboratories to see if he could sneak in a test result now.
Peter took his Pop’s hand as they made their way back towards the cabin, they walked side by side, Peter squeezed his fingers between his father’s, he squeezed back. Steve curled his fist on his other hand, calling the shield back, off the forest floor to soar to his arm, he never broke his stride but he did break into a wide grin when looking down at his son, Peter’s excitement of seeing the shield in action again, sparked relief in Steve that his son was truly coming home.
and Peter to come to him.
stories, the photos, the man smiling in one of the photo’s in his Pop’s old camera, the best friend and Sargent to Captain America, James Buchanan Barnes. Bucky.
“Where is he?” Natasha was very …angry with Tony, “Don’t know.” Natasha, fell back into the chair, gripping the leather arm rests. “I’m guessing I’ve to go find him then.” Tony took another drink. “Why did you let the kid go?”
Steve smiled and stood back, taking the salute of a boy scout, “I promise,” He looked around the room to judge the distance between Bruce, Thor and themselves. He stepped back into Tony’s personal space, “I promise, Dr Rogers, I will bring our son home and we are never going to let go of him ever again.” Tony laughed, “Good, you better, Soldier. Our son is lost, bring him home. He’s been away too long.” Steve stood tall. “It’s Captain actually. Makes me more qualified to go get him. Now come on, we need to go through our memory boxes and look for any clues. The portal going open up in the next couple of days. I want to be prepared.” Tony’s face could only show his determination and nothing was going to stop him from bring his family back together.
Steve was finally starting to feel the heat from the wood burning stove, stretching his legs out in front of him, trying to heat up his toes first. “Howard gets obsessed on things, he found me in the ice but when I first woke up, I could just tell something had changed, he just obsessed on all the wrong things. Weapons, secrets and power. He just lost his belief in something better.” Clint gave a slight hum, “So he wasn’t always this dickish?” Natasha snorted, “Oh, no he’s always been that big of a dick!” The trio broke into laughter around the flickering light of the stove fire.
Peter shoved Natasha out of the way. The group turned to look down the street. Peter’s heart stopped, he held breath, he couldn’t quite catch it again, he stumbled backwards, it was him, the Winter Soldier. He’s here. He’s going to kill him, his Pops, his family.
“Well, I’ve not spoiled too much, so I think you’ll need to do it like the first time, absolutely blind but choosing how you would.” Peter gave a deep breath at the end. Hoping just a little, that everything was just set in stone. “Huh… Let’s build a fort tonight, order pizza the whole thing.” Peter looked up from his roll a little stunned, “uh sure, but I uh. Thought you had a 2
Peter flinched at the first hit, once Tony stopped, he asked, “Is he ok?” Tony nodded, “A couple of stitches, the serum will repair the wound but no painkillers for the big guy, so it’s going to be a long night.”
Clint chugged the energy drink, throwing his head back. reaching the final boarder cross into West Virginia, “ready to see your son again?” Clint chuckled as he chucked it into the destroyed leather back seats. Steve rolled his jaw, shuffling himself in his seat, to a fresh position to reduce the strain on his back. “Its feels like I’m going to meet him under a new light. Knowing that he’s my son? That he’s alive?!” Steve let out a sigh, crossing his arms over his chest, fiddling with the over sized plaid shirt he was wearing this morning. Clint looked over to check on Steve, his trade mark cheeky smile relaxed into a genuine smile.
“I know you know more than you are letting on about the kid, something isn’t right with him. My instincts are wrong like this. I can tell something went down during your meeting with Carter and those science dorks at the Upstate Compound.  I’m going to find out more.” Natasha had sat forward, uncrossed her legs and leaned her elbows on her knees to clasp her hands together.
Natasha’s eyes widened at the sight of Peter and his backpack stuck to the ceiling above the door. She turned to watch as Peter stood at the ready to pounce if the Shield agents inspected the cabin. “Alpha unit two and three, negative, returning to the main unit. Direction NorthWest. ETA five minutes.” The agents nodded to each other and proceeded to leave through the front door. Peter didn’t let them move for another five minutes just to be sure. Peter wrapped his arm around his Aunt’s waist, shooting a web up to the ceiling, he jumped with them both and slowly lowered them to the ground. Natasha let out a pained cry as she landed and put pressure on her ankle. Peter gripped her waist tighter and carefully placed her down on the couch.
See ya later
They took a moment, enough for Tony to get a little … bored. He held on to his aunt as she continued to cry into his shoulder, his eyes wandered around the room, finding interest in the fly buzzing around the phone. Aunt Peggy patted his back twice. Pulling apart from each other, “I could tell i’d lost your attention.” Tony laughed vibrated through the pair.
Thor gave a wide smile, “Stay strong nephew, we are closer now than ever!” he stood tall next to Peter’s bed. “I will not tell your father’s that you are staying in this…” Thor looked over his shoulders, back and forth, “in this, less than the acceptable Stark standard.” Peter nodded in thanks to his Uncle’s silence. “Sleep as best as you can dear Nephew.” Peter rolled over on his side, pulling the coarse blanket over his shoulders.
“Anthony, it’s Peggy, I’m just calling to check in with you again, I know this has been hard, but I am – “Tony cut his godmother off. “Director Carter, I don’t appreciate the repeated calls, I have a company to run, a degree to finish and designs that need to be delivered tomorrow.” Tony spotted a glare in the distance, by the fountain in the west section of the gardens, he rolled his eyes. “I also don’t appreciate being spied on in my own home. Didn’t you use Captain Rogers for that last year. Has he finally retired from Shield?” Tony grabbed the curtains and pulled them over.
“He’s struggling…but he’s a Stark, so he’s strong but also picking up his family’s poker face, I’m trying to give him hope that it’s going to be fine, like you did for me, but I’m scared that I’m not going to be smart enough to help him get home. He’s received… news that he might have changed something but I’m thinking it’s just speculation.” Tony let go of the button, he shut his eyes, contemplating all the thoughts flying through his head.
if he was honest, he can’t really remember the day exactly, mainly because he was just there with him one day and his best friend the next day. A courteous handshake turned quickly into midnight food excursion and formal Shield meetings turned quickly into midday lunches in Tony’s lab, watching a genius at work and trying to get him to at least share a ham sandwich.
“Yeah I think we covered that one buddy.” Tony tucked his face into his friend’s neck, muffling his voice. The pair lay on the floor of Peggy’s office for a moment, Steve’s mind was running laps, Tony was alive, he was here, waiting for him to get back, but, but…
was going to happen under her roof. Steve would have blushed but he’d like to think his mother would have supported him and Tony, sending them away with enough leftovers to feed them for weeks.
“Sorry, I just… I was excited! And you were there and I just couldn’t quite control it, and I didn’t have time to focus on a good whistle so I just-“ Steve face fell slightly, the worry of a father after almost 6 months apart from his son, things change, Peter’s powers had developed fully. “Does the whistling help? I made those just incase, I just never thought I wouldn’t be there.” Peter took a deep breath in and slowly out. He’d struggled on without his parents beside him, but to have his Pops right here in front of him, he doesn’t want to discuss the time he’s had, he’s stronger than ever, his hearing is insane but theses weren’t joyous occasion shared with his family, he’d been alone, no support except for a pre-recorded message.
Oh gosh he thought. I marry Tony.
Howard and Tony stood toe to toe. Glaring at each other, “So, you’re here. You are quite happy to listen to the Captain but when I tell you to do something it’s a whole song and dance.” Howard laughed as he finished his statement. Tony just turned and walked up the stairs. Howard grumbled to himself, turning around to take in Peter’s appearance, “Steve said you would be here. Do I want to know why your Shield file is blocked, considering I’m the top Director of Shield?”
Steve lost his thought as he turned back to Bucky, who had woken up, rolled over and managed to punch Clint directly in his face. Throwing Clint off balance enough to have him clinging to the side of the truck as he fell over the edge, Steve scrambled over Buck to grab the front of Clint’s tactical vest. Buck kicked Steve in the ribs, and with the pain Steve knew immediately that at least one was broken or cracked. Steve turned over on his side to make eye contact with Bucky, They were silent for a moment until Bucky rolled out the back of the truck to hit the tarmac. Steve watched as he rolled to a stop and stood up. Blood running down his arm but alive. Bucky watched the truck for a moment, eyes solely on Steve, he scrambled into the forest and that was James Buchanan Barnes out of his life again.
The aircraft jolted as it landed in the car park. Steve clicked the buckle loose. Standing up and grabbing his shield he made his way out the back of the loading ramp. Looking out into the forest, guess he was jogging to the cabin, he and Peter had missed their trip this year, Steve sighed. Steve straightened his back, he’d have his son back in a couple of hours. He started his jog up the trail’s path.
“You are not needed a Shield that much, that pure exploitation, you actually think they are going to let you settle in the US?!” Tony hopped off the counter, opening the fridge for milk for his next coffee, “That’s bullshit Steve and you know it. So far you are going to be permanently in your mid 20’s, you won’t get to retire from this, as if you would - you just LOVE it.” He slammed the fridge door closed and held the handle for a while, to support his tired mind.
“Kid, I’m pretty sure you were drugged. How else did you manage to get into this apartment with the best security around, I mean you didn’t exactly come through the window that’s for sure, Steve is not going to like this if he hears about it.” Tony rolled his eyes at his last comment, expecting Peter to not react or even care about what he said.
“The Jet will take you back to Boston Mr Stark, Shield security will be within range at all times just… hiding in plain sight for now. Don’t want to make it too obvious to the shooter that you are protected. Your friend Cadet Rhodes has been filled in on the situation and has prepared a catch-up file with your class work. Director Stark will see you at the end of term in December, until then please for us all Mr Stark. Please stay out of trouble.”
Natasha side kicked the Winter solider to the head while Barton aimed for the legs further down the truck. Steve had to catch his breath, analysis the situation, they weren’t going to win this fight, whatever intel the Solider wanted, he’d already stole it. He had to make a call. Before he could, the Solider shouldered Natasha off of the truck. Steve reached his arm to catch her upper arm, pulling her up on to his shield.
The next couple were taken in succession in the old flat, the pair surrounded by screws and metal sheets, clearly in the middle of a project of some sorts. But the photos that really caught Peter’s eyes were the ones of his parents. The first couple were of the two goofing around in Tony’s room at the mansion, Steve had taken the first couple of photos, Tony was kneeling on the bed, posing with the Captain America Shield, the mirror showed Steve relaxing on a couch that used to be in the room, his face wrinkled because he laughing so much. The next couple seem to have passed the camera onto Tony, Tony was in a workout plank position, Steve was dead lift Tony in this position by his lower leg and arm. The pair were giggling like idiots and Peter couldn’t help the smile that was forming on his face.
“I don’t know, technically I was on-route to Shield HQ, but I haven’t landed yet. I think my flights somewhere over the Atlantic right now.” Tony rolled his eyes, pouring the last part of his cup, he decided to take a large drink straight from the bottle, tilting his head back as he drank. Natasha winced for him. “Are you alright Tony?” He just shrugged his shoulders. “Is Peter alive?” Tony froze. Taking another swig of his drink. “I told him to leave.” Natasha, let her face show her worry, “What happened.” It was more of a demand than a question.
They heard the click of the gun safety off. Clint hit the gas as bullets hit the back of the truck. Steve held the shield behind their heads as the truck pulled off. The shield was wedge between the seats, barely moving as the bullets bounced off of it.
Steve hadn’t moved. Tony was dead. His best friend was dead. He could feel the burn, running from his knees down his legs, he needed to move, he needed to see… he didn’t know what to do. Tony was dead, Howard got Tony killed. He clasped his hands together. Closing his eyes. Steve used his hand on his knee to get up from the floor. Natasha took a hesitant step forward as Steve stepped towards the door, she held her hand up in a stop motion. He let out a soft gasp of breath, his tears silently flowing down his face. She reached up, gently swiping her thumb over his cheek to wipe away his tears. “He was my best friend.” She nodded for him, whether it was for Tony or Howard.
‘Anthony Stark, heir to Stark Industries fortune, spotted back in New York before announcement of Stark Expo.’
in his life? You selfishly thought of your
“I would say yes but birdbrain offered earlier, something about building out the ‘Hawk’s nest’ or something else dorky.” Steve snorted, Clint threw one of his hands out of the blanket to point accusingly at Natasha, “The Hawk-Eye View Treehouse, was supposed to be a secret, traitor!” he wiggled his finger at her before hiding it back in the blankets, muttering under his breath, “stupid girl, should have stuck to the no girls allowed rule.”
“We are trying to help Peter, we would like to get you home as soon as possible, I will be up front with you, we took Tony’s sample of your blood and ran a background check on it.” Peter turned to Tony in anger, “You took my blood!? After I specifically explained why I can’t give you it!?”  Tony looked guilty, “I know it doesn’t help but it was literally just after you arrived, I just had to check it was true!” Tony looked at his feet, hands held behind his back.
“Moving back to Campus, Wing-head, Director’s tantrum, I mean… orders. Security in the shadows though, if that makes you feel better.” Tony sarcasm bled through at the mention of his father’s orders.
“Still why would a shooter be after me? I’m a Stark sure, but no ransom? Not even kidnapping just death? Something wasn’t right about this Steve.” Tony stood up to head down the hallway, taking careful steps to avoid the broken floor boards, towards the bedrooms, the tools they pair had used last year to repair the bedroom floors still sitting in the hallway against the corner.
A family photo, the Shield file had tried to match as may names to faces as it could. What caught her off guard was her own name appearing as a possible relative. Shield had been extra lenient with her capture this time around, was this the reason? She was considered a member of the kids’ family? That was news to her, she wasn’t ever going to settle and stay in one place, but this photo showed otherwise. She was at this kids’ birthday party or something. All of them older but not unrecognisable. She had to see this play out, she actually looked relaxed in the photo. She liked the idea of not looking over her shoulder every night. The kid’s physical abilities were listed below, highlight in red to mark enhanced, all of them the same as Steve’s. His intelligence marked as the same as Tony’s. He was stamped already as a dangerous person. I’m sure future Steve ‘loved’ that.
It made the pair look timeless, a photo that would have had Steve stripped of his titles if it had been taking in the 1940s. The Captain and his
Hope you all enjoy this chapter and hopefully see you in the next one! xx
“If you need to go through to get him,” Steve turned back to Tony and walked back to wrap himself up in Tony’s embrace. “You better give him a big hug from me, a good meal and wrap him up in every blanket under the sun.” The pair let out a pained chuckle between themselves. “Promise?”
“Peter, ran out to grab food and shit, so we have snacks to figure out more about you and where you came from, help yourself to anything. Probably best if you don’t leave the apartment for now.
“They do not.” Wait, what?
Rhodey had just saved him from himself last night and Peter… wasn’t even born yet. A gift to meet him but a curse that he has to wait to meet him later. He fell backwards onto the bed, arms stretched above his head. Tony lifted his head up, chin tucked into his chest, the cheap wooden beside table vibrated with Steve’s alarm.
December 1991 – 11am.
“Is it not birds-eye view?” Steve laughed at Natasha’s single raised eyebrows as if to stay, ‘what did I say?’ Clint laughed at little, “Naw man, back at the academy I was such a sharp shooter my couch said I had eyes like a hawk, therefore I was then known as Hawkeye!” Natasha even let out a muffled laugh, Steve was stretching forward to reach his ankles, laughing as he went, “What?! It’s a cool nickname! Alright, alright, laugh it up Mr Captain America, little gay porn actor don’t you think!? And you, Black widow, bit morbid don’t you think?” Natasha rolled her eyes, Steve shocked them both however, “Dude, don’t laugh, if this spy thing doesn’t work out, I don’t want my change of career to mean I need to change my business cards!” There was silence for 5 seconds before the trio let out the loudest laughs of the night, Natasha even fell back slightly in laughter whereas Clint had tears streaming down his frozen face.
His resolve hardened.
Before this week, it’d been a footnote; a pub trivia factoid at best. Stark International was just as automated as any successful engineering and electronics company, but they had long relied on proprietary, non-humanoid automation for their offices and factories. Officially, the company long held little inclination to retool their entire supply chain to allow for the introduction of androids to their workforce.
When he didn't sign the Accords and protected a fugitive, even though Bucky was innocent, he broke so many laws, being qualified and chased as a criminal for the U.S Government. Two years in complete hell, he couldn't trust anyone, his home was taken from him, the home that Tony gave to him. Tony was taken from him, and it was all his fault. Tony bringing the subject up make Steve realized that the brunet may not forgive him completely, and God, it hurts, he had lost Tony so many times, he couldn't stand lose him one more.
“Hey Peter, you want anything for breakfast? Steve’s heading out on a run so he can get anything if you are hungry?” Peter heard Tony’s voice muffled through the door, Peter opened it up to find Tony standing by the door, hair mused and still in way over sized pjs, he could assume they were Steve’s. Steve however, was leaning against the wall across from the door, decked out in his running gear, stretching his arms over his shoulder to warm up, he was wide awake for the day compared to Tony. “Uh can I come on the run?” Steve stopped stretching, thinking long and hard about whether it was safe for Peter come along and if he could even keep up with him, Peter was quite surprising though, so he’d probably be able to.
Steve avoided a fatal blow, but in exchange another fragment hit the chassis of his reactor at just the right trajectory to collide with the lip of his arc reactor’s chassis.
Then her arm moved. Trembling, heavy with the weight of unprocessed overwhelming emotion, she grasped Tony’s ungloved hand.
With Tony’s next attack, Rogers didn’t dodge. Instead, he swung low and intercepted Tony in an arc that finished at Iron Man’s knees. Swept off his feet, the repulsor shot went wide and slammed into a long-defunct sconced lamp. Superheated by the repulsor, the fluorescent bulb imploded. In its wake shot out dozens of potentially-deadly superheated shards.
His eyes were opened. He would spend the rest of his life making up for the indifference that characterized his pre-2028 self.
It figured that said encounter came during a salvage-rescue run to Mesquite Regional Scrapyard, a site second only to perhaps the Chop Shop in his defrag nightmares.
Tony blew out a tired breath.
humans—you don’t care.
obviously. No way Mr. Bit-the-Bullet would have risked…
The house of cards toppled like this:
If Mjolnir’s strike landed, the subsequent electrified jet of water from the newly-burst pipe would splash android and human in one neat, excruciating blow.
The plank on the floor directly beneath the marker was loose. Hidden beneath it was a latch.
Mesquite Regional Scrapyard.
I do?”
Their core pump sluggishly beat at the heart of a distended chassis. Their left arm was missing below the elbow, while the right arm consisted of a poorly-patched YK-400 substitute. That there was any hope at all for the small android was testament to the self-cannibalized AX-300 “nanny bot” crudely sheltering them.
being a thinly-veiled euphemism for
Said archives at CyberLife Headquarters, not hooked up to any networks with even power lines running entirely off the grid, still carried an archive of the data here, of course. But the moment CyberLife techs tried to restore the lost data, Jocasta and Ultron would be there, ready and waiting to corrupt those systems as well.
This fic was originally slated to be a oneshot just under 4k words. Let's just agree that whoever said brevity is the soul of wit clearly never had to deal with Tony Stark. Or Steve Rogers, for that matter.
For every android smuggled across the 39th parallel, a dozen—a score, three dozen, more—attempted crossings of their own. Some succeeded, but far more treks ended in tragedy. Capture. Surrender into custody. Summary execution or transportation off-site to be ‘decommissioned’ en masse.
Eventually there will be the sound of movement. Faint voices.
“Don’t kid yourself,
“I’ve got time.”
On the day a longtime kitchen volunteer stumbled upon the hidden passage and made the descent, one of those voices belonged to Iron Man.
The resultant connection request was faint. Tentative.
Tony first visited the site in 2032. He’s not sure he’ll ever fully forgive himself for not going sooner.
Perhaps it’d been a bit of both.
Iron Man powered his repulsor, raised his hand, and turned in one smooth motion. The powerful light of his arc reactor flared to both blind and illuminate the unknown intruder, who recoiled instinctively before—
Flip the switch.
Tony didn’t
He reminded himself of this as, after two hours and thirty-seven minutes of analysis, he came across his first salvageable android. In deep hibernation mode rested an AJ-200. Because
Steve’s hands go further to his calf, massaging his outlined muscles there, which makes Bucky unwittingly pull his legs up. Bucky held Steve’s hand when the blond finally reaches the sides of his thigh.
The warehouse was immersed in complete darkness. Tony had FRIDAY shutting down their electrical system, so the HYDRA agents were blind, they would not find Pierce for a while and they did not know that Tony was walking freely on their hallways, he had bought himself some minutes to find Steve. He had memorized the room Steve was in looks like a lab, and Tony was heading for there.
"Tell me if I'm hurting you, right?" Steve says, a flash of concern crossing his eyes. He only goes ahead when Tony nods affirmatively.
Kudos and comments are appreciated. Tell me what you think, people.
Natasha showed him the whole floor, and the office, where the computer he would use was, so he would be able to edit the pictures. Well, the laptop was way better than Steve’s, it was faster and with large storage memory, so he could say that he wouldn’t mind using this instead of his. Then, Natasha took him to the two different studios that had different decorations, according to the red-haired they were preparing some photoshoots for the next collection they would launch, or preparing some photos in advance to put on the website. The third studio, on the other hand, was full of people working on the models, even Wanda was there as she talked with one of the models.
"I believe you, Tony, I trust you, if you said you didn't drink, then you didn't. Also, I gave you reasons to be mad at me."
Steve places his hand over Tony’s, giving it a slight squeeze.
Steve looked around the room, there’s no blood on the carpet. Great. Then, his eyes fell over Thor and Bruce still in the room, obviously eyeing at them, but pretending they are not, at Tony who was half-naked in the room. That’s an outrage! A possessive and threatening growl came out of Steve’s throat.
"Why not? You still love her, right? If we're going to get stuck here, you could try again. You know, have that life, family." Tony is awful giving advice.
“Huh-huh, yes. Huh, he told me about it,” Steve replied.
"All right. If I was SHIELD and I wanted to hide my quasi-fascistic black site, where would I hide it?"
"You filthy faggot!" The guy spits on Tony's direction before raising his fist and throwing a punch that Tony blocked easily since the guy could barely stay stand on his own feet. The guy stumbles with an evil smile on his face.
Steve put on the helmet, mounting on the motorcycle, one of the things he actually owned nowadays. That motorcycle was with him since he enlisted in the Army, and Steve thought that, maybe, he would never get rid of it. That piece of metal carried so many, good and bad, memories, it had accompanied him during all his five years in the Army. Bucky’s used to saying that Steve is sentimental with things, and he wasn’t wrong at all.
Steve approaches his ear to the wall, trying to eavesdrop on any chattering, but is not much because the Alpha just offers another drink to Tony. Steve moves away, his hands clenching the elegant and classic iron bar on the hallway. Down the hall, Steve finds Natasha looking at him expectedly, awaiting orders, so Steve nods, indicating that they should get prepared, Clint nods from the other side, recovering his hidden bow and arrows from the vents.
In the morning, when Tony wakes up Steve isn't by his side anymore, there are only wrinkled sheets and his smell left behind, though his side is still warm, so it's not a long time since the blond got up, Tony's suspects are right when he hears the shower on. He lays down again putting a pillow on his face to drown out his scream. There he was, trapped in the past with Steve Rogers, the man that his father always talked about non-stop, the man that was his teammate, the same man who he had a crush since... always? He had no idea when he started to develop feelings for his teammate.
Then, he was sent on a mission to rescue a crew of soldiers held captive by a terrorist organization known as HYDRA. Turns out, Bucky was part of this same crew, and when they were back in Afghanistan, they went to several missions together, which one of them make Bucky lost his left arm. That was the end for both of them. Bucky was sent home, and Steve finished his period in the Army, getting back as soon as he was discharged from his duties.
"Yep, that's me. Bold of you to assume that I'd let you here." Tony blinks, and Steve can't help but smile.
"That's what I'd like someone does to me," the brunet muttered. "Are you alright?" Steve glances at his hands and nods affirmatively while his breath stabilizes. "You never mention it for anyone's in the team, we could've helped you."
“I’m posting on Instagram, any suggestion on what should I write?” Steve turned his head to stare at Bucky. Bucky leaned back with his hand on his chin, thinking.
“Steve?” Tony is in front of him, but his eyes are still on the man being taken out. “Steve,” Tony calls again, a gentle and warm hand touching the Alpha’s face is what makes Steve’s blue eyes, now dark blue because of the rage episode, focus on Tony. A fond smile on the Omega’s face. “Hey, it’s okay. It’s okay, big guy. I’m okay,” Tony whispered repeatedly, wrapping his arms around Steve's neck to calm him down, Tony pushes Steve’s head against his shoulder close to his mating glands marked by Steve.
Kudos and comments are very much appreciated.
Those lightbulbs exploding in there, sending pieces flying everywhere, plus the noise of them blowing out. All these little things happening at once sent Steve back to the battlefield in Afghanistan.
“You feel so damn good, Buck,” Steve groaned, moving to wrap his hand around Bucky’s cock, pulling out another shamless moan from the dark-haired. “I can do this all day.”
Hank is talking excitedly about all his initiatives to bring young people to work as a scientist and develop a critical sense on their own projects, he also says that Pym Technologies are working on an exchange program for next summer. A student comes in their direction a little rush.
“Hey! That’s my parking space!” Someone shouts, and Steve turns around to face a dark-haired guy with a beard to shave. Steve’s eyes fall on the badge around his neck. Brock Rumlow.
“I… I don’t know?” He knows he’s a bad liar. Bucky always tells him that. His indifferent pose doesn’t mean anything. However, since Steve knows Tony, the brunet has always been good at reading people around him.
"Can you stop doing that, please?" He opens his eyes. "It's annoying." Tony stops and Steve can't deny that he was a little surprised, the billionaire didn't have the habit to follow orders.
"Yeah. sure, we'll see who is the grandpa." Steve teases, a sassy smirk on his face.
“Damn it,” Steve mumbled, wiping his fingers on his shirt.
"It's not a big deal." Steve shrugs. "I-It's just... It was weird seeing her again after all these years. It doesn't seem right."
“Hey, man!” Sam patted him on the back. “Thanks for coming.”
In the reception, he plays the card of a scientist from MIT visiting once again. It was kind of stupid, but people believed in that matter-of-factly. After all, Pym Technologies is a growing company, affiliate with universities is a good way to make business, as well as recruiting scientists.
"Nah. I brought you something to try to make you feel less guilty, I'm fed up with you staring at me with these puppy dog eyes." Steve chuckles looking to the box in the brunet's hands and realizing that's ice cream. Steve raises a brow a bit confused. "What? Ice cream heals everything." Tony states looking a little indignant. He extends a spoon to Steve who looks cautious before finally accept it. "C'mon, Capsicle, you owe me that!" Tony clicks his tongue, opening the box and getting a spoon full of ice cream to his mouth, Steve follows him.
He didn’t die because of the arc reactor on the Iron Man armor, as well as in 2012 when Thor threw a lighting over his chest, the arc reactor also absorbed the biggest part of the power emanating from the stones, so much power that it could keep a whole city functioning. That piece of metal that kept him alive for five years after Afghanistan and that also nearly killed him for palladium poisoning, saved his life one more time. Although that, it doesn’t mean that Tony didn’t suffer other consequences from the snap.
Tony sits on the bed, too, in front of Steve, blood sample still rolling on his fingers, he reaches for the supersoldier's hand.
Tony glances to Steve, he lifts a brow presumptuously, he starts to walk, getting closer to the warehouse, but Steve stops him, holding his arm.
Steve gave it a bite, chewing the rubberized cheese and tasteless tomatoes on it. He walked towards the main table, and he opened his laptop. It took a while and some daily updates until it’s ready for him to be able to use the computer. Steve curses himself to have to use his greasy fingers on his not-so-new laptop. He uploaded the photos taken, first on his blog, then he published the swans’ picture, the last one from that day, on his Instagram, but he doesn’t post it right away. His fingers hover on the keyboard to find a nice caption, usually, it’s Bucky who helps him with it, even though Bucky always use clichés quotes using the argument that people loved clichés. Well, Steve can’t deny it since his most liked pictures were the ones that Bucky captioned. The blond runs his fingers through his hair, regretting immediately when he remembers his greasy fingers.
“I know,” Steve mutters more to himself than to Natasha. The soldier opens his hand, looking at the memory card. He hands it out to Natasha. “The photos were taken before the incident are in there, in case you want to check them up.” The red-haired.
“Steve?” Tony called, bringing Steve back to their actual situation. “You’re gonna lose the show, honey.”
With a single punch from Steve, one of the agents falls unconscious on the floor. Tony kicks the agent in front of him, making him hit the wall with his back, the agent bounces unsteady he uses his hands to restore the balance, the object he was holding falls next to him, and Tony notices it is a syringe before the man tries to reach it Tony punches him on the jaw, the man grits his teeth angrily and rushes over Tony, pushing the brunet through a glass wall, pieces of glass flight everywhere when both Tony and the Hydra agent hit the floor.
Tony paused.
“Look, Rosie,” Tony said, tone harsh with sudden urgency. It was a stab in the dark, but—
news story anyone cared about.
The Underground Light Rail kicked into overdrive. At stake, the hundreds of thousands of androids that had been manufactured and sold over the years. At stake, thousands of androids who had deviated, and the still-greater majority that lacked even that degree of freedom to resist.
Two additional Iron Legionnaires permanently decommissioned… Mark Twenty-Seven, sustained damages… Mark 15, parts salvage…
Inside the closet, shallow and worn near-smooth with age, a small engraving was carved into the underside of a staircase plank.
Tony was torn in a dozen different directions in and out of costume as tensions escalated and events spiralled.
Jocasta said, in what Tony realized suddenly was not her first attempt at communication.
something that can’t feel; can’t dehumanize the already-inhuman.
Up and down Griswold and Shelby streets, various accessory shops and cafes catered to the hundreds of thousands of visitors that streamed through the plaza each year. Cafe Oh-Naught boasted the world’s only Pater Noster Android Storage Lift. A few storefronts down, the French Bistro L’Automate touted decor, from wall ornamentations to its sleek counters, tables, and chairs, crafted entirely from recycled or repurposed android components.
But there.
Tony’s first encounter with the Avengers came two years ago, a few weeks after the DHS formally updated their profile on the elusive figure codenamed “Iron Man” from Capture to Kill On Sight. Captain Rogers and his team, the Avengers, were recruited to carry out the then-clandestine mission.
itself a further euphemism for
“Do with— Him who?”
Tony just wanted to rest.
Tony was primed to hate the group, knowing full well just what kind of skeletons tended to lie in the closets of such propaganda-clouded figures.
Underneath the staircase descending into the cellar of Mother Moretta’s Haven, a homeless shelter and soup kitchen in Brooklyn, there was an unmarked door. It opened to a long-neglected and cluttered miscellaneous storage closet. The matron of the shelter, Gloria Rhodes,
“Socket’s fused,” Barnes said, quietly enough that Tony doubted he was meant to catch the words. “Pretty soon it ain’t even gonna hurt anymore.”
but at himself.
The moment Tony realized there was a second, too-small figure in the bed. Layered visioning traced out the figure’s childlike contours, curled form, and projected repair assessment. The realization of what, or rather who, the figure was and
And everyone,
The words came out far more pleading than intended, but no less genuine for that.
“Alright,
Death camps and genocide dressed up as “processing and recycling centers” to deactivate and decommission “flawed electronics”. And you—the overwhelming majority of so-called
Several hundred backlogged system messages flooded his awareness. Primary reactor core replaced… tertiary backup reactor fabrication enqueued pending administrator approval… LMD-42, the current iteration of his life model decoy bot, stepped in for the quarterly earnings call with shareholders…
(One hundred years to the day from Kristallnacht.)
Some bonus/alternate stanzas for the Iron Man hand-clap game that didn't make the cut:
In 2034, the quartet returned to active duty as a new unit codenamed the “Avengers.” They were joined by two more to form a small team of six; in addition to Rogers, Barnes and the Hydra turncoats Natasha and Yelena, known collectively in official documentation as the “Black Widows”, came a final surviving commando of the Hydra campaign, Hawkeye, and a Nordic Alaskan recruit aptly codenamed as Thor.
“Dr. Stark?” Jocasta began, her crisp formality providing a rare but welcome distraction from his thoughts. “There’s a refugee in Brooklyn I believe you’ll wish to speak with.”
That humanity remained the workforce of choice for certain roles even where most companies had long since outsourced to android staff had been occasionally noted but rarely remarked upon.
Rogers looked at the remainder of his team then said, “Nat, Yelena, stand down. Iron Man… your terms are acceptable.”
Tony groaned as first his BIOS, then his various input sensors ticked back online. He rubbed at his forehead; optical sensors online or no, there was something comforting in the ritual.
There was a jailbroken, borderline deviant AJ-200 cowering against the wall.
Wouldn’t meet OSHA standards. Still, not half bad for an illegal domestic terror operation.
He accepted, of course he did, and she sent a single thought. A face in its unmarked, inhuman beauty. The roiling, stinging rapids of emotion that nearly drowned her. Tenderness. Love. A tempest of grief, despair, and
Before the Chop Shop. Before the wake-up call from the Ten Rings and Yinsen and Pepper. Before it all, he’d been no better than any humanist. So assured of his own superior position relative to the automata produced en masse by CyberLife that he never even
” Tony forced a level of derision into the title he’d never—could never—really feel for his arch-nemesis-slash—
—Excerpt from “The Iron Man” Creepypasta, Author Unknown
Honestly, if Tony was half the terrorist CyberLife or the DHS claimed, he could have been in and out minutes ago. Mass confinement took infinitely longer than mass executions, for one. Likewise, his targeted attack quite literally melted down the servers to their constituent elements then rapid-cooled them via liquid nitrogen. It took far more finesse than, say, dropping a bomb on the building and hoping for the best.
—He’d been missing something. A hole in his psyche, ignorable for the most part but forever dripping blood, sluggish and unacknowledged.
From this came the seeds of the now self-sustaining Underground Light Rail.
—help you,” Steve said.
But no.
His HUD flashed with a known entity a split second before Tony’s own processors made the connection. The newcomer was so wildly unexpected, so out-of-context, that Tony stalled for a fraction of a second before following through on a non-lethal repulsor blast.
She’d just detected the Avengers’ quinjet on her radar. Worse, it was fast approaching Tony’s current location.
He continued systematically slagging the server room at the heart of CyberLife’s North-Central Data Center. It was the only remaining and thus single point of failure database for CyberLife’s manufacturing and sales records for more than a third of the United States, the largest such repository outside of Detroit.
November 9th, 2038.
You must know… I hope you know… I don’t want to hurt you. I certainly don’t want to play your captor and jailer. But… What else am I meant to do? What else
The hesitation was enough that Steve Rogers suffered only a glancing blow.
There was Yelena investigating the bed. Crouched down, on the verge of uncovering the AJ-200 that had migrated to hide under the bed amidst the bedlam.
Ultimately, there was only the mission. The goal.
Admittedly, the scene that greeted the Avengers looked rather damning.
no matter what JARVIS or any of the kids said, a star-crossed lover.
More bad news from Detroit… CyberLife now offered curbside pickup for “defective” androids in conjunction with the National Guard…
When Tony finally began his escape, his exit was barred by none other than Captain Steve Rogers of the Avengers. Also known as Captain America. Also known as Iron Man’s arch-nemesis.
Wait.
One was on a collision course for Rogers’s brain stem. Impossible to dodge, with only a small margin of error in which the blow wouldn’t be immediately fatal.
Said gallery was famous as the largest android showroom in the world. It displayed not just the latest and greatest in android tech but also a historic gallery full of mocks, display models, and innovative systems sundry in a colorful, interactive chronology of CyberLife’s explosive growth.
“I’ve been down this road before,” Tony continued, the anger bleeding away into sheer exhaustion. “Humans
Despite the professed neglect, the space was remarkably dust and cobweb free. Every now and again a faint noise could be heard emanating from the closet. Volunteers attributed the noise to the house settling if they noted it at all.
For the first time, they treated Iron Man like… well, like the mass-murdering criminal mastermind he was.
Something had to give.
They were a team of soldiers and assassins coated in a public-friendly veneer of heroism. While they didn’t quite reach comic book levels of gimmick with their public relations campaigns and attire, they each came with their own iconic almost-kid-friendly “looks”. Thor with his electroshock projectile XREP weapon nicknamed Mjolnir, for example. Or Hawkeye, who supplemented his more standard array of dagger, semi-automatics, and trench knives with a collection of surprisingly effective modern crossbows.
A guide to the nearest Underground Light Rail way station. The first of what would be many such stations on her and AJ's long journey north. On their journey to freedom.
One and all, left to slowly bake in the merciless desert suns until their stressed cooling systems sputtered and shuttered to a stop for good.
His central processors collided with the inside of his physical self’s frame. The coolant gel that substituted for cranial fluid was enough to slow, but not entirely halt, the damaging impact.
November 7, 2038.
Tony was already in motion. His armor and the too-fragile synthetic body within intercepted the spray in an impromptu shield, dealing a great deal of damage to his systems inside and out.
“I don’t... Rogers. Cap.
the least important bit of information here. Since when are you a neurosurgeon?”
Tony tried to coax the rosette Traci into movement. Scrapyard rescues, especially those not recovered already in hibernation mode, were always traumatized. For most, the process was enough to trigger deviation. Rosette here was unusual in that she’d clearly deviated well before she and the rest of her “companion house” cohort were discarded.
Poor rogue AI with delusions of personhood; just a bit of a buggy software at the end of the day. Easily fixed; pull open a terminal for a quick lobotomy or, better yet, just pull the plug. Sounds great.
If Steve aimed for the reactor, if he managed to regain his footing and attack before Tony could react—
Chapter Two awaiting upload pending my having the time and bandwidth to do so, a few days at most.
Friday, his baby girl for all that she was no longer a baby in any sense of the word. Not with twenty-six months uptime and two younger siblings approaching fifteen months themselves. A year since JARVIS moved to the experimental Legionnaire project full-time and Friday became his permanent copilot in the Iron Man armor.
The rare smuggler was known to travel through this underbelly even the outcast had long forgotten.
For every new human ally, a dozen more humans were scared and confused, angry and in denial.
“Not a threat!” he clarified hastily. “Just an observation, and seeing as how the whole thing’s… maybe a tiny bit my fault… Well. Truce? You don’t shoot me, Barnes doesn’t get third degree burns. Serial killer code of honor.”
“Northwest touchdown, twenty-seven degrees. Fifteen second window to avoid direct contact.” Friday again warned.
So my kid sister. Emma. Likes unicorns, chibitoons, stereotypical eight year old girl shit. Last Christmas, parents got her an Alice. She’s head over heels. I’m talking friendship bracelets, secret handshakes. The works. Starts calling it Leela. Sounds like normal little kid stuff, right? Flash forward to last night. Mom and dad make me go get her for dinner. Not sure why they don’t just buy a Thomas instead of making me do menial crap like that. But whatever. I’ll play android and fetch the Little Miss for dinner, wgaf. She’s playing with Leela; one of those stupid hand-clappy games. Doesn’t notice me. And I’m about to call out. Except. Then I hear what they’re chanting.
Tony managed to avoid a confrontation for twenty-three days and fifteen missions before the penny dropped.
Iron Man flew towards the group of bedraggled soldiers far less cautiously than he ought to.
thing or the impossible-to-differentiate facsimile therin. The fraction of a second that stretched just long enough for the man to pull a gun and fire a single shot.
