Sherlock glanced at him and back to the shattered mug, back to John, back to the mug. His eyes, shining with unshed tears, bounced back and forth again and again, until they finally settled on John.
He looked at John then, the pain behind the his eyes making his heart ache until he thought it was breaking in two.
"Look, Papa, there's a bird! Two birds! I wonder if they're daddy birds, maybe they have two baby birds at home just like you and Daddy!"
"They're baby shoes, you dunce. Oh, lovebug, oh this is so wonderful." John said, hugging his daughter.
"What are you talking about Sherlock?" I asked. He jumped off my lap and began pacing back and forth in front of me, his arms waving in front of me.
"Goodnight, my darling, sleep well," Sherlock said, "tomorrow we can go over the case with the missing grocer."
Her eyes glanced at mine before she slid off my lap and ran to Sherlock, shouting, "the best day ever, Daddy!"
"Your arithmetic skills astound me, John," he said, a playful smirk on his face, "but yes, it is most helpful." He finished burping Indie and carefully cradled her against him, his other hand typing away at his laptop.
I straightened up a bit and looked down at his face, the once cold and staring eyes now filled with tears as if something had finally broken inside him.
I rolled over and slowly found my way out of the darkened bedroom. Sherlock was sitting in his chair, hands steepled. Oh God, he'd been thinking.
John nodded and crossed into the kitchen, the sounds of cabinets opening and plates clinking on the counter soon following.
My arms felt decidedly empty. There were usually two little girls for us to hold, one for each of us. I didn't like the emptiness. I switched on the telly and sat the pillow behind my back on my lap. We sat there contentedly for an hour, before a small knock on the door signaled Molly' arrival.
"Who, Sherlock? Who hurt you?" John whispered back, sitting next to Sherlock and taking the freezing hand in his, rubbing his tanned thumb across the pale white skin.
River and Indie were practically rolling around the limo with excitement, their incessant chatter sounding like songbirds singing on a spring morning. I smiled and reached for Sherlock's hand that was sitting on the cushion next to me. I took his pale hand in mine and brushed across the scars on his wrist and the back of his hand, the thin, silvery lines somehow feeling even softer than his already soft skin. His head came to rest on my shoulder, his hair tickling my cheek and smelling somewhat floral from his shampoo. I took my hand off of his and wrapped my arm around Sherlock's shoulders, running my hand along his shoulder, feeling the bones of his shoulder beneath his coat.
I set River down and she went over to her sister, tucking her legs underneath her as she sat down. She took Indie's hand in hers and rattled off the events of her day.
I was so tired. All I could do was brush my teeth and roll into bed, my face down in the pillow. A few tears leaked out, soaking the pillowcase beneath me. Jack snored in his bed on the floor. I felt the bed sink down next to me and thin fingers stroked my hair.
She handed me the piece of paper she was holding. On it, she had drawn a big heart with the words 'Get better soon, Papa' at the top written with bright blue crayon in all capital letters.
I could feel Sherlock's chest tremoring behind me, as if he was trying to keep from laughing. I shoved my elbow into his bony chest and he seemed to compose himself almost immediately. He sat up, held his arms out, and said, "My, my, what a beautiful breakfast!"
The tray had two plates of uncooked batter, with what appeared to be shards of eggshells, covered in syrup, two princess-themed sippy cups of orange juice, and a bundle of Sherlock's red peonies that he grew in an upstairs window (rays of sunlight came in at just the right angle for optimal peony growth, according to him.).
"I just wanted you to come back to us, Sherlock, I thought we were going to lose you too." I let him go, my feelings overwhelming me, and began to pace around the room. "None of this makes sense, our little girl, our wonderful, lovely little girl, is gone. She was supposed to be learning to play violin and she was supposed to go to the beach this summer and make that sandcastle I promised we could make! She was supposed to grow up into a beautiful young woman and slam her doors and tell us she hated us when we wouldn't let her go out, she was supposed to graduate and become a veterinarian, maybe marry some bloke that we couldn't stand and become a mother! She's supposed to be running and dancing and playing because she's just our little girl. But she won't be doing any of those things because I couldn't save her, Sherlock. Christ, what kind of father am I?"
I sat down next to him and he laid his head on my shoulder and we sat quietly, watching our breath in the winter air.
I laughed to myself and we hurried to keep up with them. We piled into the car and I began to brush their hair and tidied up their dresses from their time in the field. Thankfully, they didn't get any dirt on their dresses and only a tiny bit on their shoes. The trip to the ballroom was filled with the girls recounting the look on Mycroft's face when a mouse had scurried across his newly shined shoes and when Greg almost fell after tripping over a mole hill. By the end of the ride, Indie was leaning against Sherlock, her eyes drooping closed. River began poking at her, trying to get her to wake up.
The silence between us was broken by little feet padding down the hallway as River came back from using the bathroom. "Is Indie okay, Papa?" She asked as she climbed into Sherlock's lap. I sat down in my chair. "Oh yes, she's just having a bit of a nap, I'll get her up when Aunt Molly gets here so we can go shopping."
River looked up from Sherlock's shoulder and nodded her head morosely, swiping her sleeve across her dripping nose and dropping her head back down.
I lumbered down the hall with the squealing and laughing girls still on my legs. When we got to the kitchen, they got off and scrambled into their chairs. Sherlock was at the stove, frying bacon.
I knew that he threw all of his emotional capacity onto us, his family. It was like his emotions were caged until we had River and Indie, and then all of the love and concern the man could muster just poured out onto our girls like floodwaters escaping a dam.
The sun shined brightly on us, giving us a little bit of warmth against the chilly January day. I walked with Indie to the park, chatting away with my little girl. She told me all about Sherlock's contest with her this morning and told me that she was sure she was almost big enough to be a scientist just like him.
"I miss her, Sherlock, I miss our baby," he sobbed, "every night I lay there and think about her. I just want to see her again, hold her again, talk to our beautiful little girl again. It's their birthday in only a couple weeks and instead of two blueberry muffins there will only be one, and we'll only put seven candles on the cake instead of fourteen. How can we keep doing this, Sherlock? How do we really move on without her? Can we move on? Jesus, Sherlock, we haven't even taken her placemat off the kitchen table or gone through her clothes and toys. How can I put them away when I still wait for her to come home every day?"
"Well, let's do this River Grace, let's write about your favorite memories, with Indie, with me and Daddy, with everyone. I know your teacher would love to hear about those too." I said, taking her hand in mine.
I could hear the smack of a ball of paper as I went down the hall into the study, closely followed by a quiet shout of "You utter cock!"
"Yes, but they weren't my children. My progeny will be far superior to the average child," he said, taking my laptop from the table and typing on it.
She snuggled herself into my arms and off we went. I poured cupfuls of the girls' strawberry bubble bath as the warm water ran into the tub, quickly undressing Indie and placing her into the water before she could catch a chill.
She scrambled over to me and put the package in the bag I carried that had extra clothes, wipes, tissues, medicine, whatever we may need while we're out. I've had it since the girls were babies and Greg jokingly called it my "man purse."
My heart breaking and tears pricking at my eyes, I laid aside of River as Sherlock crawled next to Indie. We joined arms over our daughters and cuddled them, as we had countless nights before.
"Go get her a change of clothes, some water, ibuprofen, and the Amoxicillin I have in the fridge, Sherlock."
"Papa said that too when we got done at the hairdressers, he said we got all that from you, Daddy, but I think we got it from both of you." Indigo said.
He walked quietly into the room, beds still neatly made, Indie's side still full of the trinkets and toys she had held most dear. Mrs. Hudson, Molly, and Greg kept the room tidy all of these years, knowing that it was too much for John or Sherlock.
The weight of the last day suddenly dropped onto my shoulders and I gasped for air. I stopped just outside the door and sat against the wall, lolling my head back.
"Do shut your mouth, John, it is a bit unattractive, our girls didn't have time to craft their own spaceship during these past few days, so I found one for them. Our Moon Princess and Prime Minister deserve only the best spaceship in all of Britain to take them to see their kingdom."
"Daddy, you're back! Where did you go in your mind palace this time?" She chattered as she leaned against my legs, staring intently at me.
We ate dinner with happy conversation, Jack sitting dutifully at my feet as I fed him scraps from my plate. We were almost finished when I saw River's eyebrows furrow as she looked at Indigo's place.
"No, we're going home today and we will stay there, we will have the doctors come to our flat if we need."
"Wonderful, you're doing a great job, love. Now, can I get back to sleep? I have a train to catch in 2 hours."
"River, love, can you stay here and finish the game with Nana Hudson? Daddy and I need to talk, we'll just be in our room, alright?" I said to her with a smile.
It started with a few twinges of pain here and there, right in the center of his chest. He would sit down for a bit, rubbing the spot with his hand, always saying,
I had often heard families of terminally ill patients talk about 'the last good day,' a day where it seemed like their loved one wasn't sick at all. They would get up in the morning and walk on their own, leaving their cane behind, not needing to be carried down the stairs. They would eat a full breakfast and go on a long walk. They would laugh and joke, their face unmarred by grimaces of pain, their eyes unclouded by fatigue and medications. The day's chores and errands would be done and every dinner plate would be empty. They would stay up to be with their family or friends long past the time they would normally nod off to sleep and everyone would be filled with a sense of euphoria, a nostalgia of days that had long passed. They would go to sleep with smiles on their faces, the day disappearing just like any other, and they would wake up the next day just as they were two days before, not able to eat, not able to walk, the light slowly fading from their eyes. They and their family would trudge on, hoping for another 'good' day that would never come.
River and Indie had woken up around 8 AM, as they usually did. The nurses came to unhook everything from Indie and we got both girls into the shower.
I saw Sherlock's eyebrow quirk and I quickly shook my head at them. She could tell us on her own if she wanted to.
River stuck her eye to the telescope and after a few moments she squealed, "I see a shooting star!" She quickly pulled her head back and squeezed her eyes shut, making her wish.
I stopped scrolling through the cases piling up on our website and went into her room. She was sitting cross-legged on the bed, a piece of paper on a book in her lap and a pencil stuck in her mouth.
"I have no doubt in my mind, John," he said, his thin fingers brushing gently across John's, "do you think that's why I am the way I am? Monsters beget monsters after all."
"Of course, my darling, we have to measure them and place them in the second condition," he said, a faint smile on his face.
She stood up and left, quickly squeezing my shoulder as she walked past. I went back to Sherlock and Indie. I kissed her cheek, careful not to wake her. Sherlock wouldn't even look at me.
"Come off it Sherlock, you've been talking to them about cases and your experiments since the day we brought them home, I've heard you while I'm in the shower."
"Brilliant, John, our girl is brilliant! Walking at 9 months!" Sherlock celebrated from where he sat filming her.
"I should have known, this is my career, solving puzzles, and I couldn't solve the one that mattered the most in this world," he moaned.
What? How could he possibly…oh of course it's crooked. Of course, Sherlock bloody Holmes can tell my tie is crooked from a few texts. I straightened the light blue tie and made my way downstairs, buttoning my black jacket on the way.
"It was okay, Papa was helping me with homework and was telling me about how Indie is painting all the flowers for me!"
I ended up in the doorway to an ornately decorated room, dark wood paneled the walls, plush red carpeting lining the floor, pictures of royalty hung on the walls and sat on tables.
I ripped October 7th from my calendar that Molly had gotten for me last Christmas, looking at the little pug puppy sitting in a pumpkin and the accompanying quote for today;
I took the paper from her and studied the brown and black blob she had created. Her blue eyes were large, expectantly waiting for me to critique her work.
I picked my head up to look at Sherlock, his eyes were rimmed with red, and his lip was bleeding from his chewing. I sat up fully and he gave me a weak smile, turning to stare at the wall in front of us.
He stood up, his tail wagging furiously. I had just scooped him into my arms, when a small voice from the doorway startled me.
The festive mood was shattered by an ear-piercing shriek and a cry of "Daddy, Papa!" from the front yard. Sherlock and I immediately jumped up and ran out the front door, everyone else following close behind. The bikes were tipped over in the yard. River was kneeling next to Indigo, who was sitting on the snow-covered ground, red spread all around her. I thought her ribbon had come undone and sat next to her, until I realized it was blood.
"My God, Sherlock you're freezing, did you walk all the way home in this rain?" John said, wrapping his arms around Sherlock's thin frame. "Sit down and I'll get you some blankets." He managed to maneuver Sherlock onto the cushions, pulling his jacket off and draping it over the bony shoulders.
"That's my girl," I said, tweaking her nose, "do you want to wait for Daddy before we start? I'm sure he'd love to help you too."
I picked Indigo up and we went up to our flat. River set the plate of cookies down in the kitchen and I sat down in my chair, Indigo still in my arms.
"LET'S GO!" shouted both girls. True to form, River grabbed Indie's hand and grabbed Sherlock's hand with her other. I swung my legs over the edge of the bed, quickly took the two sippy cups and gave one to Sherlock, motioning him to drink from it as he was being led away by River. I quickly took a sip from mine and also took two flowers from the tray, placing them in my shirt pocket.
"I heard, my darling, now, did you know that she shapes the clouds for you too?" He said, gracefully gliding over to the window. I stood up and walked next to him, looking at the evening sky.
"Everything about our darling is in here," he whispered, tapping the side of my head, "You will never lose her, John, never."
River danced around us and shouted, "I love it, Daddy! Thank you, Daddy!" Indie grabbed onto Sherlock's leg.
We had the girls in matching dresses, as we usually did on Christmas. They were white satin with a silver embroidery and a red ribbon tied 'round the middle with a big bow in the back. A red bow sat on the left side of the girls' hair. They also had insisted that Jack have an outfit for Christmas, so I found a collar with a red bow tie on the front. The girls loved it, even Sherlock gave his half smile that I loved so much after he saw our little pug.
"I'm telling you, John, they are two boys. I'm sure of it," Sherlock said as we were sitting and waiting for the nurse to call us back.
I thought about how often it had been said that she was just like me, but as I sat and rocked her, all I could see within her was John. She was as brave and as strong as my soldier, as caring and compassionate as my doctor. I had given her unruly raven curls and ice blue eyes, but John had given River her heart.
Sherlock was the first to scoop Indie up in his arms. She opened her arms to us, and we went to her. Nothing could be heard except the quiet sobs and the silent screams of a family's heart breaking.
"River Grace, come out from behind that chair, Indigo Rose, come out from underneath that table. We will be late if you do not!" Sherlock said in an exasperated tone.
I had just taken the thermometer out of her mouth and had turned to give it back to Mrs. Keaton when I heard banging and a scream from behind me.
Tonight, it was John's turn and he picked up River, laying her head against his shoulder, quiet, snuffling snores emanating from her. He walked slowly to the door and down the stairs with her, the dog following them, leaving me alone with Indigo. I paced around her, watching every breath, every monitor she had. Her oxygen saturation sat at 93%, not ideal, but decent, according to John.
We had a face painter, balloon artist, and other arts and crafts for the kids to do during the party. Music would be playing throughout the party and the dance floor was open for anyone to dance. We had games planned for the children throughout the night. Everything was set and it was almost time for the party to start. Mycroft stood with the chef, discussing the food for the evening. I pointed at the door, letting him know I was going to get Sherlock and the girls.
She nodded against my cheek and her hiccupping sobs seemed to slow down. We sat on the cold bench on the dull, gray street for what seemed like forever, until she picked her head up and brushed her hands across my cheeks, wiping away the tears that had long dried up.
"River Grace, how lovely to see you, did you and your sister get the dolls I sent from Russia?" He said, patting her on the head.
"I suppose, John, I'll call after the girls wake up for the day," Sherlock harrumphed, the corner of his mouth tipped up.
"But I don't want to go to school, Papa!" River shouted, stomping her bare foot on the floor. Her face was twisted into a pout that very resembled Sherlock's when he also didn't get his way.
I picked up the glass of water Indigo had been drinking from and brought it to her lips, but she immediately shook her head. She looked at me with big eyes and a frown on her face.
"Of course, lovebug, how about we sit down and read it after dinner? I was going to make a roast tonight, go get changed and then you can help me, alright?" John said.
Sherlock's eyes widened into puppy dog eyes. "But it makes it feel better, John," he said, almost pleadingly.
I fumbled my way up the stairs, ignoring the worried whispers of my name coming from the front room.
John frowned as he crouched down to help Sherlock, "It's alright, love, no harm done. I have plenty of mugs." He was horrified to find he was using the same tone he used with victims of abuse or other terrible crimes.
They jumped off the last step and ran to the door, scuffling for a bit before Indie finally grabbed hold of the door and opened it. Both of the girls looked out the door and froze.
"I wish for Indie to get all better so she can stop taking medicine and so that she never has to see the doctors ever again and I wish for Papa and Daddy to get lots more cases and for Uncle Mycroft to smile more, and…!
I walked over to them and shook each of their hands. Each handshake felt like we were signing a contract together, like we were all in this together, until the end.
No, I didn't see this so called 'magic' of Christmas until I saw River and Indigo open their first presents on Christmas morning and they shrieked with joy, toddling around the room, showing all of us their presents. I was entranced by them and suddenly, Christmas was my favorite time of the year.
No response. I knelt down in front of him and brushed his tears away with my thumb. He looked at me with the saddest face I had ever seen.
"I promise with everything I have, Sherlock. No one will hurt you. I will protect you from now on," John said, cupping Sherlock's cheek with his hand, brushing away the multitude of tears.
Sherlock at last looked at him properly, pools of tears shining in those ocean eyes. He gripped John's hand so tightly that John was beginning to lose feeling in his fingers.
I laughed and splashed a bit of water onto her. She giggled even louder and reached for me. I leaned closer to her and she placed a large mound of bubbles on the top of my head as she gave me a kiss.
"Yes you may, I brought your trainers with me, but I forgot a change of clothes, so please try not to get those pretty dresses dirty." I said.
"Brilliant, as always, Sherlock," I said, kissing him on the cheek, "and yes to the shops. River and I'll be going to find you something for your birthday. I've already asked Mrs. Hudson to watch Indie for the afternoon since I know you were planning on going down to the Yard for a few hours."
Beakers smashed against the wall, pages from files fluttered to the floor, notebooks torn in two. My useless hands cut open, wounds marking my clothes with crimson.
The noises were coming from our bedroom, the door locked and barricaded. Things were being thrown inside, the sounds of glass breaking and wood splintering mixing with screaming.
We would come upon this picture some weeks later as John and I sat in the front room placing pictures into albums, the fresh spring air coming in through the open windows.
We sat down to dinner and ate our fill of all the great food that the chef had prepared specially for each of us. I had requested a salmon dish, while Sherlock had fish and chips. River requested Chinese food and Indie wanted a ham and cheese sandwich and smiley fries.
"Yeah, tell that to the exploded tea kettle sitting in the trash bins." I said, turning and shutting the door, just catching his smirk as the door shut. God, I should probably buy another kettle while were out, just in case he repeats his 'experiment' tonight.
After he quietly shut the door behind him, I sighed and laid my head down on my pillow. I was on the edge of sleep when I heard papers being violently shuffled in the front room. I tossed the covers off of me and shoved my feet into my slippers, grumbling all the while about a certain insomniac genius.
A black car rolled up on the street in front of 221B Baker Street, Sherlock's ride into the depths of Hell had arrived.
Her eyes brightened and she jumped off her bed, grabbing the fresh sunflowers from the bedside table.
Before I could shout the number of expletives I had lined up, I heard someone, no many people, crying, sobbing, absolutely wailing.
Indigo's throat was fire-engine red, with white patches covering her tonsils. Classic strep throat. I sighed to myself with just a tiny bit of relief. Strep throat was easily fixed, a course of antibiotics and she'd be as right as rain. The more pressing matter now was her fever. I picked her up and took her downstairs to the bathroom. River and Sherlock were sitting in the kitchen, River eating cereal while Sherlock flipped through his latest case file.
"I know, I know, sweetheart, but we have to get your temperature down, Papa and Daddy are here, it's alright."
Sherlock sat on the floor, his lovely raven curls a bit of a mess, surrounded by a sea of pink and purple. He was sorting little piles of onesies and outfits covered in flowers and glitter, a pile of small tutus on each side. There were two big packages of crib bedding, both with soft, floral patterns.
Indigo let out a raspy laugh next to me and gave John a thumbs up. John smiled and blew a kiss towards us, shutting the door behind him.
"Do you think they should come home in these, John?" he casually said, holding up two light pink onesies with "Daddy's Little Princess" on the front of them in gold lettering.
River had been staying in our room with us ever since we had said goodbye to Indigo. As I could not sleep, I spent most nights with her after she woke up screaming from nightmares, wiping her tears away and rocking her until she fell back to sleep, desperately wishing I could answer her pleas to bring her sister back home.
Sherlock had just taken it into his hand when a snail popped its head out of the shell. Both girls jumped back, startled by the appearance of their new friend.
"Of course, John, I was simply calling to give you an update on the girls. They have been sleeping for…"
The memories came flooding back, I could see her and River sitting on the bathroom counter in their pajamas. I could hear Indie sing the song, specks of foam flying from her mouth. I remembered that she always started brushing on the right side, and that she filled her cup of water halfway when she was ready to rinse.
"Papa! This is such fun, Papa! Come jump with us!" Indie shouted as she jumped and spun around and around, spurts of water coming out from under her rainboots each time.
I laughed to myself when I found Sherlock curled up on the couch, the telly flashing brightly with some crap TV show.
As we settled into our seats, Sherlock began to fiddle with a switch that was on the ceiling of the limo.
"We're at home, Sherlock, this isn't a fashion show. Now go put your livers in the fridge before they…go bad, or whatever."
"You have to go to school, love, the holidays are over now. I know your friends are very excited to see you again!" I said, shrugging her navy blue school jumper over her head.
The cab pulled up to a nondescript house, a brown wooden fence surrounding the property. The gray stone house was small, with the front porch filled with police officers. Lestrade came up to the gate to greet them.
"It's a hands-free system. There. Now keep that on for the next 20 minutes or so, should keep the swelling down and keep bruising to a minimum."
River Grace and Indigo Rose Watson-Holmes were the most precious gifts Sherlock and I had and will ever receive. River was the elder of the twins, exactly 4 minutes older as she liked to remind anyone who would care to listen, and certainly took after her Daddy in looks and attitude. Her raven ringlets fell just below her shoulders and she had eyes as blue and deep as the ocean. Right now, she was wearing a long purple nightgown with suspicious splotches of flour dotted all over. Her little fingers and toes were painted with a pink glitter polish, specially bought for the girls by their Uncle Mycroft for their 4th birthday several weeks ago. She was the leader of the two, always spouting ideas and dragging her sister along for the adventure. She was kind and fierce, letting no obstacle stand in her way.
River and Indie sat together on a bench with floral cushions. They were dressed in matching lilac dresses with puffed short sleeves that had frills of lilac lace at the collar and along the bottom of the dress. They wore white socks with lace at the top and shiny purple ballet flats. Both of them were wearing a wide brimmed white sunhat with a lilac ribbon tied around the middle of the hat. White satin gloves extended up to their elbows and their pinkies were out as they sipped from white teacups. The corners of their eyes were crinkled, the only indication they were smiling behind their cups of tea.
I sat up, grabbing her thin wrist and feeling for a pulse that was no longer there. I knelt next to her and began CPR, damn the DNR order, damn it to Hell, I would save my daughter.
"Daddy, Daddy! Look at the duckies!" Indigo shouted, her pudgy fingers patting a duck on the head. Her hair shone like gold in the sun, her eyes were round and bright, framed by her beautiful, long lashes. She laughed, a laugh that was so like John's, as the duck nuzzled into her pockets.
"It is beautiful outside, John." Sherlock said from his chair, a soft smile directed at our daughter.
Suddenly he ripped his hand out of mine and briskly walked over to her, setting the suitcase he was holding down on the floor. His shaking hand reached out and began to gently rub her hair.
The door opened and two perfect little girls appeared, their dresses sweeping just above the floor, soft pink roses weaved into braided crowns atop their heads, their ringlets flowing past their shoulders, and their faces brightened with just a touch of makeup. My daughters looked absolutely beautiful, angelic even.
"Enjoy the little things in life, for someday you will look back and realize they were the big things."
She climbed into his lap and waved goodbye to her mother, chattering to John and Sherlock about her morning.
John cleared his throat, his blue eyes dulled with pain, his face contorted in a feeble attempt to conceal his anxiety and fear.
He laughed and picked her up, letting her chat happily to him as he bounced back with her into the kitchen to show her the most recent (kid-friendly) experiment he was working on.
The girls took Mrs. Hudson by the hand and talked with her about what they were doing in school, how Sherlock had fallen so much while roller skating today, about what kind of dresses they wanted. They forged ahead of us, leaving Molly and I a bit behind.
I rubbed my eyes with my hands, this was not what I wanted to be doing on this Christmas Eve, not at all.
She scrambled into my lap and I wrapped my arms around her. Her eyes were wide, looking at me innocently, a grin on her face.
"Indigo, no, don't leave me! Please!" I begged, leaping forward in a panic, my arms flailing, trying to grasp onto her again.
I picked up a pair of blue pajamas from the drawers we had placed in the corner of the room and disconnected her from the wires and tubes, happy to see her without them.
"I know girls, let's build a blanket fort. Uncle Mycroft and I did it when I was a little boy." They nodded excitedly and we set to work.
"I can hear you, John, I have very good hearing." Sherlock shouted from the kitchen where he was finding ice to apply to a very sore bottom.
You always told me to keep smiling, because smiling makes your heart happy. For you, my sweet girl, I will keep smiling, although it will be nearly impossible without you smiling next to me.
"What is it, John? Why would you give us small shoes?" Sherlock said, confusion apparent in his voice.
"I had to wash him off of me," Sherlock said, his eyes distant, looking into a past that he hadn't faced in so long.
I smiled back at her and she held tighter onto my hand. Her eyes frantically searched for John, who had left the room to get her afternoon medications.
"She was here! We went on the swings and on the slides and climbed through all the tunnels!" she shouted frantically.
Both girls wanted to help make lunch and I had them butter the bread and set the sandwiches up before I set them in the pan to grill. They stood on their little pink and purple stools to watch me cook.
"Thank you Mrs. Keaton, I'll call my brother-in-law for a car to take us all home. She can't walk home while she's ill."
"Daddy's alright, he's just in the other room, River, shh, he's here, he's here," I said, trying to calm her down.
"She gets more and more like you every day, Sherlock, just today she told the cashier that she hoped her new puppy would stop chewing all her furniture. The poor woman was terribly confused," Molly said.
The next day dawned clear and bright and would remain clear for the rest of the night, a perfect night for the observatory. Indie had chosen to wear her astronaut pajamas, complete with pink tutu, and River had selected to wear the Wonder Woman costume she had worn last Halloween. A chill had settled on London and Sherlock and I were chasing the girls around the flat, trying to get them into their winter coats.
Lestrade only saw the hair that was black as night and the pale skin. But John saw the bruises and the blood and knew that this little boy looked more like Sherlock than anyone could have imagined.
I opened the girls' door and sighed with relief at the mess of blonde curls peeking out from under the pink rose covers. I tiptoed to Indie and picked her up, covers and all, putting her face next to my cheek.
Molly and I began to laugh, when suddenly we heard Sherlock laugh out loud with everything that he had, tears pooling in the corners of his eyes. Molly and I stopped laughing and stared at him in shock. We hadn't heard him laugh like this in months.
She continued on, listing all of the people she loved and her various wishes for them, she wished for Greg to take a vacation once in a while (he always says he should go on vacation, especially after dealing with Sherlock on a particularly difficult case), for Molly to finally get the little bulldog puppy she's always wanted, and for Mrs. Hudson to get her own housekeeper.
Sherlock had already left by the time I had finished cleaning up the bathroom. He had set up a little painting area in the middle of the room for the girls, with newspaper spread beneath them and plastic cups of water next to them for their brushes.
"Well let's get you back on that couch and a pillow under that ankle!" he said. He practically floated to the couch, flying Indie like an airplane, before gently placing her on the cushions, popping my Union Jack pillow under her right ankle and draping a blue knit blanket over her in one fluid motion. Only Sherlock could make placing a child on a couch look like a scene from a world-class ballet. Once she was settled in with her coloring book, he crossed to the kitchen and I followed.
I held Indie in my arms, about 2 months old and her head full of light brown hair. We sat in a rocking chair we had placed in the front room. I held a pacifier in her mouth, feeling her gums chew on my finger. It was so very late at night and I was exhausted, but she was wide awake. Her dark eyes watched me intently as I sang to her, trying to get her to fall back asleep.
"Oh, he's getting dressed now, finally. We haven't had a case in days, you know how he gets." John said.
Soon, Indie was sitting on the couch in Sherlock's arms, wrapped in a blanket and dressed in her purple flower pajamas, sipping on water.
He was small for his age, dressed in navy blue pajamas decorated with dinosaurs. He lay on his side, his eyes closed. A shock of raven, messy curls matted with blood sat on top of his head. His right arm was twisted at an awkward angle. The ghost of a black eye darkened the child's porcelain skin.
"I will speak to Papa about it tomorrow, princess, but we will make a brand new room, just for you, I promise."
Sherlock just stared at John, his eyes wide. For the first time in his life, he couldn't find words.
After a time, the girls fell asleep in our arms and we took them upstairs, laying them in their beds and kissing them on their foreheads.
As if on cue, Sherlock waddled back into the room and the girls roared with laughter. Sherlock continued to dramatically waddle around the kitchen, opening and closing each of the cabinets. His act made the girls laugh even harder and they fell to the floor and began to roll around.
Despite his assurances, his chill was the start of pneumonia. He came home from hospital several days later, more pale than John had ever seen him.
"Yeah, I don't know why I thought of it today," he quietly said, sitting in his chair and flipping open the paper, placing the bear protectively against his side.
"John, I could easily teach them at home, they're too advanced for these classes, they'll be utterly bored!" Sherlock sulked.
The two men and their girls slept soundly, wrapped warmly in blankets, the excitement and joy of a new day together waiting beyond them.
"Thank you, Papa!" Indie said as she slid off of Sherlock, stopping to give me a kiss on the cheek before running upstairs to get her pajamas on. River quickly followed after her.
It was autumn now, the trees dotted with bursts of red and orange among the still green leaves. John sat in his chair typing away as he normally did on these lazy Sunday afternoons. He enjoyed this peaceful time with his daughter. They had just finished an arts and crafts project he had found online. The blue tissue paper pumpkin sat on the mantle, waiting for Sherlock to come home so that it could be proudly presented to him. John sighed as he watched the lone figure play enthusiastically on the floor.
I felt myself shaking, I turned to run away from whatever hell I had walked into, when a deep voice moaned,
We fell into each other's arms and I watched as the Sun rose, rays of light filtering through the windows, shining onto the small face that could no longer feel its warmth, onto eyes that could not see, onto the lips that would never again smile at a sunny day.
Feet scuffled against the floor as the girls dashed out of their hiding spaces, lining up in front of us like they were soldiers in a parade.
I grabbed my mug and noticed that the fire was particularly large this morning. I took a closer look and found a scrap of burned paper with medical jargon on it.
"What shops are you planning on going to today, John?" Sherlock asked with his head in the freezer, his voice muffled.
"Papa's here, lovebug, just cry, cry as much as you want," I told her as she buried her face even deeper into my neck, her tears soaking my collar.
John sighed, rubbing his face with his hands and pinching the bridge of his nose until he took up typing again.
A spark of anger lit up within me. He's right, how hadn't he known this? He knows everything! He must've suspected something when her ankle was hurt, why didn't he say something, he usually never shuts up about his idiotic observations! She's been sick for weeks and he should've known! He should have known. Maybe we could have helped her if we had known earlier.
She continued, "Indie told me lots of times that she thought you were the best Daddy and Papa ever. When we saw shooting stars, Indie wished that everyone had a Daddy and a Papa just like you."
"I'll be home in just a bit, then you can head down to the Yard, alright? Just make sure she keeps drinking and if her temperature goes up again, you can give her paracetamol."
"I grabbed our coats and boots! Get yours, Papa and Daddy! Let's GO!" River shouted, her wild raven curls tossing around.
Sherlock's mouth upturned in a half smile, half grimace as he felt the familiar pang of pain in his chest. Fear filled him as he watched John talk. He didn't want to leave John so soon.
My heart was breaking as I looked into my daughter's eyes, the sorrow within them far too great for any little girl to bear.
He carefully took the paper off the present, his face breaking into a grin when he saw the packaging.
So, when Indie excitedly waved me over and suggested we throw a birthday party for Sherlock, I hesitated for just a second before looking into those shining hazel eyes and nodding my head. Her eyes became clouded again, but her beautiful smile remained, and I set about planning the birthday party I would have to throw in a few days' time.
"Fifteen minutes was a bit of overkill really, John. Remember, they are our little girls. The most astute brains and biggest hearts in all of England."
The girls went to the table where I had put the presents and gathered them in their arms, placing them in front of them and handing him our present.
At that moment, Mrs. Hudson hurried into the flat, fussing over John and I, fussing over the girls, snapping photos, and hurrying John to get into his suit for the party. I slipped into my coat and scarf and walked toward the door.
The sun was shining into the windows at just the right angle to make her golden hair glow and she looked as though she was the Sun itself.
I wrapped her tightly in the blanket she had around her shoulders and laid down, pulling her onto my chest. I brushed the hair from her face, her eyelids fluttering briefly before quickly falling asleep.
"You are so thoughtful, lovebug, thank you. You make me very happy, you know that?" he said, giving her a kiss on the cheek.
Sherlock harrumphed and sat through the appointment, answering questions when spoken to, allowing the nurse to place the EKG stickers on his chest. He was diagnosed with angina, brought about by his years of drug abuse the doctor surmised, and given a variety of medications to take and a referral to a cardiologist.
"Papa? Daddy? Can I stay home after we are done Christmas break, I'm too tired to go to school anymore, but I want to finish this quarter so I can get my report card." Indie asked Sherlock and I as we were getting her ready for bed one night.
I am actually raising two 6-year-olds and a 2-year-old, I thought to myself as I shrugged my black jacket on and grabbed an umbrella.
I stayed awhile longer, making sure to grab a copy of the ultrasound pictures announcing that we were having girls. Mrs. Hudson, Greg, and Molly had wanted to see them straight away.
"It's lovely, but you're still here with us, Indie, still right here." I said, nearly choking on my words.
She opened the large, heavy black door as quietly as she could, her small arms trembling from the weight. The butterfly flew out, but hovered at the bottom of the steps, seemingly waiting for her new friend.
But Mycroft had already spoken to all the top pediatric oncologists in the world, some of them twice over. And they all said the same thing.
"Let's get your favorite books then, girls!" I said, scooping them both into my arms and running upstairs, their laughter echoing off the walls.
I wanted to shut my ears and run away, take John and River and Indigo to another doctor, another hospital that would make my Indigo Rose all better again.
We stood, out of breath, as River and Indie continued their game, plumes of snow flying into the air as they ran, chasing each other.
"There's a good girl, just keep it under your tongue sweetheart, just a couple more seconds, there you go."
"I won't hurt you, Sherlock," he said, inching closer to Sherlock. He opened his eyes and all John could see was terror.
As they continued to chat, a new mood enveloped the flat, a feeling of hope and joy for this so welcome arrival. Sherlock and John spent the next 6 months redecorating River's old room as a nursery, leaving the walls purple for their new granddaughter. Sherlock played Mozart and Bach, along with his own works for River's growing belly and both men stood in awe as they felt the baby kick.
"Mrs. Butterfly, why did you take me here? I haven't been here since Indie…since she…" River began to cry, fat tears rolling down her cheeks and splashing onto the brown dirt below.
"Your wallet is tucked into your back pocket, when it is usually sitting on the desk, and you keep glancing at your watch, you're on a schedule today, but you don't have work and we have nowhere to be with the girls. My birthday is tomorrow, thus, to the shops for a gift."
"I think you're a good Daddy. Indie thought so too,' a small voice said. I looked towards River's voice and saw her peeking her head through the crack in the door. She tiptoed in and shut the door behind her, walking over to Sherlock, who picked her up and sat her on his lap.
He gave me the tiniest of nods before placing his lips on my forehead and murmuring, "I promise, John."
They both stood silent for a moment, interjected with the soft sound of Sherlock sniffling. He made no attempt to wipe his face or staunch the flow of tears that kept pouring down. His lips were trembling as he tried desperately to keep from crying out.
A rope swing with a wooden seat hung on one of the trees in the field and he had taken pictures of the girls in it. There was one of River, grinning mischievously at the camera, her blue eyes as deep as oceans, and her hands gripped the ropes like she was about to take off. Indie sat on the swing with her feet crossed, her head leaning against the farthest rope, and a small closed-lipped smile on her face. The sun reflected off her eyes, making them look almost green.
She wrapped her arms around my waist when she reached me. I picked her up and swung her onto my hip, brushing her flyaway hair out of her eyes.
"Next summer, when the water's warm again and you and River are out of school," John said with a smile to his younger daughter.
Indie leaned over and whispered into River's ear. River's face becoming serious and nodding as Indie spoke.
River turned towards the sound and said, "Indie! That's Uncle Greg, he must be looking for me. Just wait here until I come back!"
"Indie! You came back! I knew you would!" River exclaimed, catching her in a hug. Indie hugged back and the girls held onto each other until Indie broke away. Taking River's hand, she pulled her towards the tunnels and slides.
"Good thing there's two of us, eh, Sherlock, one for each of them?" I said one morning as I fed River, delirious from the lack of sleep the night before.
I pulled the bag of birdseed and oats from my pocket and had Indie hold her hands out. I poured some of the birdseed into her hands and she set off towards the ducks, calling out 'Here, duckies, here!'
"Well, do what you'd like, I'll go and help them pick their dresses out. I don't want to miss a moment with them, with her." He nodded and crossed the room, enveloping me in a hug. "You're an amazing father, John." I swallowed the lump in my throat and just nodded against him.
He waited for me to explain, although I could see understanding quickly flash across his face. Sherlock didn't voice his deductions when it came to the girls, he told me once that letting them come to him with their thoughts and fears, their hopes and dreams, was like reading a new book each day, like opening a treasure chest with mountains of gold spilling out. He loved talking to them. He loved talking about them.
"Ha, ha, very funny, I'm still bigger than you silly girls and I say let's get going! We're already going to be late!"
"Timeout, River, timeout, I'm tired." Indie said, catching her breath. She snuggled back into my arms. "Can I go to sleep, Papa? I'm so tired."
"I have your periodic table and Papa's dollhouse, now I just need something from Indie!" River exclaimed, digging through a bag she had brought in.
Sherlock and I had decided to tell the girls while we were still in the hospital. We wanted as little of these memories as possible to be associated with Baker St. We needed to keep our home as their sanctuary, as our sanctuary.
And I was right. You lit up every room you walked into and every person left you with a smile on their face because of your love for them and your love of life. You lived life with passion, spending every moment singing, playing, or dancing, splashing in the rain, walking down the street, holding my hand and pointing out all the little things that I would have never noticed otherwise. And even when you were diagnosed with cancer and when you knew you would go to Heaven, you carried on living with strength and courage and somehow kept smiling, dancing, and playing through all of it. You gave us all comfort and hope, even though you were so sick. Soon before you left, you told me how lucky you were that I was your Papa. I am the lucky one, blessed to be your Papa, Indigo Rose.
"Sherlock, best put her to bed, I'll be up in a moment. River, do you want to go up with your sister and play in your room for a little while? Daddy and I have to talk with Uncle Mycroft," I said.
We sat with Indie until they came for her. Sherlock and I wrapped her in a white sheet, tucking her teddy bear in with her. I carried her to the van waiting outside and we kissed her forehead, telling her again how much we loved her. A man began to pull the sheet over her face when Sherlock grabbed him.
I was gathering the wrapping paper into a trash bag when I heard Indie making quite a commotion to get to the window.
The signature at the end was hardly necessary at this point, but it was a comforting habit for both of them. So much had changed since they first met, but the way they texted didn't. It was such a small part of their lives, but John had learned that the smallest things mattered to Sherlock. They gave him comfort.
"I'm glad Indie isn't hurting, but Papa, will I ever stop hurting?" She sniffled, brushing her hand down her doll's long dark hair.
"We need to talk about hospice care for Indigo, nurses will come in and help you care for Indigo and we can bring in a bed and equipment to make her more comfortable. Mr. Holmes may want to be here."
I turned and stared at him, momentarily stunned, he never cleaned (unless forced to by yours truly).
"Thank you, sweetheart, that will be a most welcome snack for later." Sherlock replied, a bit more awake this time.
Today, we lay her to rest, we say our goodbyes for now. I challenge each of you to live as she did, with the kindness and compassion she had, to make this world the place she and River would have made it together.
"Good morning, my love! Are we going to have a fun day today?" John said, kissing his granddaughter on her cheek.
He nodded his head and sat next to me, twisting his hands together, his foot tapping against the floor.
John would furrow his brow at him, frowning as he watched his husband purse his lips together to breathe through the pain.
Suddenly I felt a chill and shuddered, something felt wrong, I hadn't felt this much dread since right before, well, Sherlock's fall. I glanced at the quote again and shook off the feeling, silly getting so upset over a quote from a calendar. Sitting at my desk at the clinic, I straightened the picture of my little family and smiled. I remember that day like it was yesterday…
She got up and walked over to Sherlock, who picked her up and absolutely flew with her into the kitchen, high-pitched laughter ringing out.
I sat down on her bed, her pillow behind my back, and held her like I did when she was a baby. More tears dripped onto the covers and I struggled to keep my body from shaking with the sobs I was trying to keep inside.
I finished putting things away in the kitchen and came into the front room, sitting on the edge of couch next to Sherlock and the girls. I wrapped my arm around River and Indie, squishing us all into the cushions in a hug.
"The best father, John. You cared for Indigo day and night and spoke to her doctors and arranged her care when I could not. You tried to save her and I pulled you away, giving up on our daughter. I locked myself away from River, only seeing her for brief moments before I had to run and hide again. To see her without her sister, to listen to her cries, it was all too much. I left the both of you, I abandoned my family if not physically, but mentally. Never question how good of a father you are, John, because you are a far better father to our precious girls than I ever was or could be."
I sighed a small breath of relief. At least our girls weren't in imminent danger of hurting themselves or burning the house down.
"But it will happen, John, and we must take each precious day as it comes and keep it in our hearts and minds forever. We will make these next few months happy and carefree. She is incredibly perceptive, John, when she knows, she will ask, and we will help her be ready. We will hold those little girls as tight as we can and when Indigo tells us, we will let her go, and hold River even tighter. It will happen, John, but it isn't happening now, dwelling on her death will not allow us to watch her live."
It was her new favorite thing to have a popsicle in the morning and any bit of fluids and sugar she wanted, we gave to her.
"And I'm sure Miss Petunia loved meeting us all, but she probably needs to get home to her family, it is getting a bit late."
"I do too, lovebug. We all love her so much, don't we? And she loves us so much. We're going to have such lovely times with her and all we have to do is remember our happy times when we get sad and although we'll still be sad, we'll be happy for at least a little bit. But you and Indie can always talk to Daddy or I or your Nana or your Aunt or your Uncles whenever you feel sad or mad, okay? Don't keep that inside you, love."
I quickly walked out of the room and told Mycroft to watch him before going to the bathroom. I came back and cleaned his hands, wrapping them in bandages and antibiotic ointment, without a single flinch or movement from him.
"I need you too, Indigo, I can't go, darling, not to a life without you," I said, crouching down to her level, "Here I can hold you in my arms, I can watch you play, hear your laugh, your lovely voice. I can give you a goodnight kiss, we can read together, I can teach you violin. Here you're alive, and back there, in that terrible world, you are not. That is a reality I cannot face, Indigo Rose."
The little girl turned, unmistakable bright hazel eyes staring back at her, a wide grin set on her face. Her cheeks were full again and there were no longer dark shadows under her eyes. She wore a short blue and white striped dress, white Keds on her feet.
"Come on, lovebug, get up for Papa, please, we have to eat breakfast still, and we don't want to be late." I said, kneeling next to her.
She always was so thoughtful, so kind, our little girl with a heart of gold. A nudge at my side brought me out of my thoughts and I looked back at Indie, who was eagerly waiting for my reply.
"Finally. Now, River woke up at 12:30 for a nappy change and Indigo woke up at 12:45, needing the same. They fell asleep after about 15 minutes of rocking and have been sleeping peacefully since."
"She's been doing great actually, she was a bit tired today, but that's to be expected sometimes, I suppose. We're just trying to keep everything as normal as we can, you know? She's going to school as long as she's able. We keep their bedtimes the same. River is doing well, running around, talking all of our ears off. They're both doing so well in school, I'm so proud, Sherlock is too, keeps saying we have two little geniuses on our hands and that we should enroll them in a higher grade so they don't get bored like he did. Sometimes he gets in one of his moods, and I'm always sure it's because of Indie's illness."
And then he was twenty years younger, watching his two little girls run around the room in tutus and sparkling dresses, the sunshine bright on the yellow walls.
They set off down a blossoming Baker Street, the two men and their Charlotte Indigo laughing and smiling the whole way to the park.
"Up we go then, love, but mind, I can't carry you through all the shops, you're getting to be such a big girl." I said, picking her up.
Indie reached over and grabbed River's hand. "No! River, you have to stay here to be with Papa and Daddy. We can't leave them here all by themselves."
"Don't forget to save the ginger nuts, John!" I said, turning to him and catching him mid-bite of a damn ginger nut.
"Sherlock, can you come here, please?" I called out to him, while running a lukewarm bath for Indie.
He quickly scooped up our little Sunshine and carried her under one arm, before sweeping over to River and I. He picked up River in the same manner and walked out of the bathroom with his two laughing and squirming packages.
Indigo and I were sitting in her room reading a book when I felt a sharp stinging in my hands. I dropped the book onto my lap and rubbed them together.
I crossed the room and put my arms around her, as she had done for me. She clutched the baby doll Indie loved most to her and sobbed. We sat like that for a moment, before she weakly said, "I'll make us all a cuppa," and walked into the kitchen, setting the doll gently back onto the table.
"No, I don't believe we did, he bloody well deserves one though," I replied, my voice muffled by raven curls.
For Sherlock, I had gotten a silver watch. The face of the watch popped open to reveal the same picture of us and on the underside I had engraved, 'For the best and wisest man I have ever known.'
Sherlock and I walked hand and hand out of the school and we sat in a café across the street for the rest of the school day, my hand on my phone.
The yelling had begun around half past seven, the tall, thin man with jet black hair screaming at his wife. He didn't notice the small figure cowering in the shadows, his tiny fingers wrapped around Momo, his stuffed elephant. Sherlock was frightened, Daddy never yelled like this, especially not at Mummy. But, Daddy had been acting funny for a little while now, yelling about money and what Mummy buys at the store.
"I love you too, little miss, I'll be 'round again tomorrow after work." he said, his voice cracking. Tears sprung to my eyes and my heart wrenched as she shook her head and gave him a kiss on the cheek. He gave her one last kiss and turned from her, tears freely flowing down his cheeks.
John opened the door to the darkened room and saw Sherlock standing at the window, staring out into the street below.
He groaned again, reaching his arm up to flip on the light next to him. I rolled over and draped my arm over him, kissing his ear gently.
My smile quickly faded when I saw how flushed she was. I set my hand on her forehead, causing her glassy eyes to peek up at me. She was on fire. I threw the covers off her and she curled into a ball, shivering.
"Look everyone! The sun is setting; you can see it just through the clouds!" Indie shouted, stopping her play.
"It's nearly 9:30, Lestrade will be expecting you, Sherlock." I said, gently picking up Indigo and settling her in my arms. She stirred against my shoulder.
After dinner had been eaten, the kids were let loose to do whatever their little hearts desired. Balloon swords were fought with, kids were transformed into Spidermen and dragons, fairies and princesses, and coloring pages and stickers were left on tables. Lips and tongues were dark from the icing on the cakes and little fingers were sticky from the candy floss and other sweets we had set out. It was a mad, chaotic, glorious party. My face was painted with tiger stripes by the end of the night and Sherlock had even let River and Indie draw a heart on each of his cheeks. Greg opted for a dragon face, Molly had flowers painted on hers, and Mrs. Hudson was painted like Spiderman. Mycroft's face was paint-free, but his one hand had the same hearts that Sherlock had on his face.
"What color did you decide on for your bedclothes, lovebug?" I asked, making my way to the sofa where Molly sat.
I walked over to the table and placed my lips on my daughter's forehead, wisps of blonde hair stuck to the sweat shining across her forehead. Indie whimpered and inched herself closer to me. "My God, she's absolutely burning up, Mrs. Keaton, what's her temperature?"
"Sweetheart, last night," my voice cracked, "last night, Indie got very sick." I watched her cheerful face fall and I swallowed back bile as I continued, "She fought terribly hard, but this morning, lovebug…this morning Indie went to heaven, I'm so sorry, love," I said, each word tearing at my heart.
"Don't take her away! Papa, don't let them take her!" River shouted as she scrambled across the seat. I caught her in my arms before she could get out the door.
Mycroft's seamstress had already fitted the gowns to the girls and I paid the cashier with the credit card Mycroft had given us. I set up a time to come pick up the gowns on Saturday morning and we all went off on our way. As it was only 7 o'clock, we stopped by a fish and chips shop for dinner. We had almost finished eating when I noticed Indie precociously wrapping her last piece of fish and some chips up in the wrapper.
We had just put the girls in their bathrobes when I noticed that John was staring off into the distance, a blank look on his face. Indie began to pull at his jumper sleeves.
River delivered a healthy baby girl on a bitterly cold late November day. Michael came out of the room, shouting that he had a perfect daughter. Sherlock and John smiled, remembering their own shouts of joy when their girls were born. They held their new granddaughter later that day, her deep baby blue eyes wandering all over the room. They whispered to her, telling her how loved she was.
Before I could reply, Sherlock spoke up and said, "Thank you, ma'am, I am incredibly lucky to have the best husband and daughters in all the universe. Come John, River, Indigo, let's get back to the limousine." He gave the woman a brief smile as the girls took our hands and we walked toward the exit.
"Sherlock, we're not doing this tonight, not now. You'll see the cardiologist soon and they can fix these things right up. No death talk, you're only 64." John said stubbornly, poking at the fire.
I hope you enjoy the compositions I have created for you. As I stand near to the willow tree next to where you sleep and play for you, I imagine those nights where I watched you and your sister twirl and dance to my songs and all the times I lulled you to sleep with music. It is somewhat of a comfort to me, knowing that you can still hear me play.
Mrs. Hudson cleared our dishes and gave a plate of cookies for 'Father Christmas' to River. I would enjoy eating them later. I do love Mrs. Hudson's ginger nuts.
He carried her into the kitchen and placed her in her highchair. He cut up a banana and put it on the tray, along with blueberries.
They nodded and went back to playing with Jack, who was now laying on his back with his tongue lolling out, enjoying his morning belly rubs.
It is lonely without you or your sister here. River visits when she can, but her shifts at the hospital often keep her late. Papa and I still work some cases for Scotland Yard and from our website, but Papa's knees and shoulder ache him and I must confess that my body is betraying me in the same way. Retirement seems close for us, and I can't say I'm disappointed. Lestrade has already stepped down from the force and working cases isn't as satisfying anymore. He and Molly visit us nearly every week, along with their daughter Abigail, who's nearly 15 now and looks just like her mother.
Sherlock and Michael sat in silence. Sherlock's ice blue eyes boring into Michael, his foot tapping impatiently on the floor.
"John, we should discuss the matter of my will," he hesitantly began, "we both know my heart is weak, these pains are just a signal of something worse to come."
"Goodnight Nana Hudson, thank you for helping us with our dresses!" River said, Indie following with a quieter 'thank you, Nana Hudson.'
"Sir, what I'm saying is that putting your little girl through chemotherapy and radiation would prolong her life by maybe a few months, but would severely reduce the quality of her life in the months you have left with her. It is yours and your husband's decision ultimately, but it is my duty to you and Indigo to tell you the facts." She gently replied.
I scooped Indie in my arms and went to her room, getting her changed out of her jeans and jumper into her pajamas. As she tugged her pajama shirt over her, I noticed a splash of purple and blue across her back. I frowned. It was quite a large bruise, bigger than any other I'd ever seen on her. I began to gently press on it.
I pried small hands from my arm and tucked her in, thankful she had slept through the night without crying out. I left the bedroom door open, shuffling into the front room and settling into my chair with Jack, staring at the spot where Indie had lain, her toys and books still piled on the table. We were three days into this strange new life without our Indigo Rose, and the grief was nearly too much to bear. Mycroft had returned to his estate, but not before leaving us an envelope with a bill from the funeral home marked 'Paid.' Mrs. Hudson, Molly, and Greg had come and gone throughout the last few days, dropping food off, mainly for River's sake as neither Sherlock or I had any appetite, and keeping us company through the hours that seemed never ending.
It was quite a funny picture, Indie stood triumphant with the green bowl slightly lopsided on her head, holding out that damn paper towel tube, and the silliest grin on her face. I was crouching slightly behind her, eyes crinkled and a smile on my face, laughing at my Moon Princess. River leaned against me, with her arms around my neck and drowning in Sherlock's coat, blue eyes sparkling and looking at her sister, her mouth opened in a shout of laughter.
The flat sounded much too quiet and there was only a soft, blue glow coming from the crack at the bottom of the door. I imagined everything from radiation to some sort of fire before I slowly eased the door open.
I turned towards the muffled voice coming from the prone body covered in black silk pajamas and said,
Sherlock's voice continued through the story, as deep and as strong as ever. But if you looked, very closely, you'd see the drying trail of water down the right side of his face, from the only tear he had and would ever allow in front of his daughters.
"Damn it to Hell, that terrible disease. So much suffering, so many babies suffering." Mrs. Hudson quietly mused, her eyes staring at the little blonde girl in the decades old photo hanging on the wall.
"You should try to take a nap too, sweetheart, it's been a long day and you don't want to be sleepy during your party do you?" I asked her.
Greg and Mycroft stood up when we entered the room. Their somber faces contrasted sharply with the glittery stickers on their hands and suit jackets. They held pages torn lovingly from coloring books in their hands.
I sat in my chair, scrolling through the pictures I had taken. Indie snuggled with her Uncle Greg, River smiling with her arms around her Nana Hudson and Aunt Molly. River carrying Jack with a Santa hat on his head, Indie tearing open a present with Sherlock grinning widely beside her, River sitting on Mycroft's lap, a large red bow sitting on top of his head. Mrs. Hudson had taken one of Indie kissing me on the nose and one of the four of us by the fireplace, all in our pajamas.
"Get her dressed and I'll get this medicine measured." I said to him, pouring the ibuprofen into the measuring cup.
"You weren't assassinated by a sniper, John, so yes I would say it worked quite well before! I have always done my best to make sure you are safe!"
I clasped onto the hand resting gently on my shoulder, squeezing it gently, until it slipped away and I heard a quick pounding of feet down the stairs.
She fell then, into a fitful sleep, her chest rattling with each breath. John kissed her forehead, tears appearing in his eyes, and sat back down next to me. He took my hand, the two of us anxiously waiting for those beautiful eyes to reappear.
That's when John noticed something he never thought he would see from the great and seemingly invincible Sherlock Holmes.
It was the first 'after' photo either of us had taken, capturing the quiet strength of this wonderful little girl and the love her Daddy had for her.
We eventually got Indie dressed in her Belle nightgown and settled her tan teddy bear and her pink penguin next to her. We sat on either side of her, holding her little hands in ours.
I laid down, holding onto her blanket that still smelled of lavender and strawberries, setting my head on the pillow where stray curls lay, curling up next to the space on the sheets that still held her shape.
Sherlock nodded silently, taking her and River's hand in his. They soon turned and went back up the hill to the car, leaving the willow branches waving, the yellow petals of the sunflower shifting in the wind, pieces of their hearts bleeding on the freshly fallen snow.
A pug, a bloody little pug, was sitting in our flat. The girls had finally been put to bed, Sherlock was tinkering with some experiment in his study, and the little dog was sitting in front of me, his head cocked to the side.
She looked back at me with sad eyes and squeezed my hand gently and said, "Well if there's anything you or Sherlock need, I'm just a call or text away."
He smirked to himself as he tapped his fingers on the desk, watching the door, waiting for the rays of sunshine he actually wanted shining on his face.
Sherlock spotted the raven hair and pink trainers before John and dashed towards them, his black coat billowing behind him.
I went over to him, with River following close behind, and we both hugged him. I looked up at him and pressed my lips to his.
"We only ever got to go back once after that, then Indie got sick," River said with a sigh, setting her pencil down on the paper.
I followed the sounds of mourning, through narrow corridors that twisted and turned like a maze, the crying getting louder as I went along.
"Jesus Christ, our daughter is dead, her sister is dead, and her father looks like he's well on his way to following her! Is that what you want? Do you want to die too, leave us behind so you don't have to suffer this hell anymore, you selfish prick?!"
They hurried over, the soft swish swish of fabric following them, and rushed into my arms. I could hear John admonishing them to keep their dresses and hair tidy for the pictures we were taking before the party.
Soon, we were all laughing at River's impression of Sherlock and the whole nosebleed incident was nearly forgotten. We played games until the girls began yawning widely.
"Next summer, my loves, and the summer after that and the summer after that, until you're both grown up and have to take me and Daddy to the beach," John said with a laugh.
I walked behind him and wrapped my arms around his middle and whispered into his back, "Bloody hell Sherlock, don't worry so much, she's an active little girl, she's going to sprain an ankle now and then."
We were all gathered in the sitting room, drinking tea after our meal, when Mycroft strode into the room.
"Yes, John, I'm alright," Sherlock said, laying his head down, "but we need to discuss the matter of my death."
John leaned his head onto Sherlock's shoulder. The two men sat contentedly hand in hand, a gentle breeze blowing, the sun shining softly down on them.
After the first few Christmases where I would simply guess the present the night before based on shape, weight, and the noise the box made when I shook it, coupled with what I knew I had mentioned to John or what John thought I wanted for Christmas, John had decided that I couldn't even so much as look at a present before Christmas morning. To his credit, I have still not found where he hides them.
"It has been nearly a month since Indie's been diagnosed and she hasn't changed a bit, John. I thought, maybe, there was something in the literature about a possible cure. Something that would work while she's still so well. I thought I could find something, synthesize something, even if it was only theoretical in the papers, I could do it."
"Papa!" River hurried out of Sherlock's arms and into mine as I settled myself inside the, quite frankly, roomy fort. Jack joined us, curling up on a pillow.
"I'm going to turn the light on now," he said, as calmly as he could. When did he decide he had to announce everything he was going to do? John felt like he was defusing a bomb, every move he made could set it off at any time.
She laughed and jumped out of Sherlock's lap, running over to John and taking the bear from him, hugging it against her chest.
He wanted to shout at them, yell from the rooftops, that she was so much more than that. She was intelligent, she was funny, she was kind, loving, and caring. That she was terrified of thunderstorms and she loved when the snow fell. That she was his little girl that gave the biggest hugs and sang as loud as she could.
I tugged her hair into a ponytail, it was far too messy to even try to brush, and slipped a hat over her head and wrapped a scarf around her neck. She held her hands up to be held and I picked her up, carrying her down the stairs and outside.
"Your pancakes look just like my pancakes!" Both girls perked up to hear that they could indeed "cook" like one of their fathers. "Well let's get to those wonderful cards then, shall we? We can get back to breakfast later." Sherlock said.
"Certainly the best present I have ever received, Indigo Rose." Sherlock said, his eyes flickering with a hope I had long thought gone.
No...this couldn't be Indie, this couldn't be my daughter, we had some time with her yet…we had more time.
I turned around and kissed John, our lips moving tenderly against one another, our hands pulling each other close. I felt the warmth radiating off of John, warming my cold, thin body. He smelled of pine and peppermint with a hint of that wretched hospital still lingering.
I ran up the stairs and into the flat. A tearful Mrs. Hudson held River, her sobs making her gasp for breath and her whole body shake. I went over to them and took my trembling child from her.
"Arrest the parents. The father killed the boy, but the mother assisted in the abuse," Sherlock growled and swept out of the room, his long coat billowing behind him.
"Sherlock! SHERLOCK!" I shouted into the phone. When he didn't answer, I threw the phone onto the floor and held onto the still seizing child in my lap. Indie's face was turned towards me, her jaw clenched shut, blood and saliva trickled out of the sides of her mouth, staining the Peter Pan collar of her white blouse, her limbs still rhythmically moving back and forth.
I gathered her into my arms. Her cheeks were pink with the cold and she was breathless, but her eyes were filled with joy and she had a silly grin on her face. I pulled her hat down over her eyes, her laughter ringing out. She pulled the hat back up and set her nose against mine.
But soon, four would be three and our laughter would become quieter, our arms would be emptier, a little girl lost without her best friend, and fathers desperately trying to hold onto the memories of blonde ringlets and shining hazel eyes, alabaster skin and tiny dimples, the happiness, love, and dreams of a 6-year-old girl nicknamed Sunshine.
I picked her up and swung her onto my hip, unzipping the jacket she still wore. Sherlock leaned over and gave her a kiss, ruffling her curls.
"There's my good girl, now go with Daddy, he can get you breakfast. I'll be there in a second after I check on your sister."
"Contrary to your belief, Sherlock, I am a grown man, a soldier, and I can damn well take care of myself! Sometimes I wonder if this is even a partnership at all or just the "Sherlock Holmes Show and his sidekick, John Watson!"
I glanced into our bedroom through a crack in the door. The floor was littered with debris and Sherlock was slumped against the wall by the door, his hands coated in dried and congealed blood.
I found Sherlock and Indigo asleep on the sofa, unfinished tea on the table beside them. I took a quick picture and walked over to Sherlock, shaking him gently.
River nodded and looked down at her paper that was already covered with eraser marks and smudges of lead.
Sherlock's expression had become dark with the mention of Indie's illness, his hands clenched into fists at his sides. I walked over to him and rubbed the small of his back.
I heard quiet footsteps enter the room and turned to see a man I hardly recognized. His normally ice blue eyes were dulled, his face slack, his back hunched, the normally well-fitting suit wrinkled and in disarray. His eyes bore into me and I wondered if I was just as unrecognizable, with grief overtaking every part of my being.
Sherlock grumbled to himself, his knees cracking as he stood up from the chair. He ran his hand through his greying curls and went into their bedroom.
Mycroft stood at the foot of her bed, his hand clenched into a fist at his mouth, his brow furrowed in worry.
"Alright Sherlock, we're heading out, there's leftover chicken in the fridge, don't blow the flat up, we'll be back by 8."
He knew he couldn't take all of the pain away, no one ever could erase those haunting memories. John just wanted Sherlock to know that he was loved now, no matter what had happened in the past.
"That's me and Indie's room, and it hurts to be in there without her, I don't like that room anymore," she said, her tired, blue eyes swimming in tears.
"Do your legs hurt too much, Indie?" I asked, restraining myself from picking her up right then and there.
I gathered some of the decorations and joined them in the room, sitting on the bare mattress and watching my joyful daughter dash about the room, telling us where she wanted everything to go.
"I won't let him find you, we'll hide together, in the farthest place we can find, the darkest hiding spot. I'll stay there with you as long as we need."
The girls had gotten used to Sherlock calling their Uncle Greg by every G name in the book and simply replied, "Yes, Daddy!"
The girls stood in front of us and I placed my hand on River's shoulder, Sherlock put his on Indie's shoulder.
"I got an A on my science test! Daddy, can we check on our worms tonight?" She said, turning her head to where Sherlock sat.
It was Mycroft's idea (of all people) to celebrate the girls' six and a half birthday at the end of this month, while Indie was still…well.
Not many people knew that I was somewhat of an amateur astronomer since my time in Afghanistan. We were stationed in the middle of nowhere, there were no lights to pollute the night sky. Sometimes, when I couldn't sleep, I would sit and look at the stars and find the constellations I knew. It helped me to relax and forget where I was for a time.
The day before Sherlock's birthday dawned and I finished my last notes on what I needed to do for the party. It would be a small, intimate affair, with Mycroft, Molly, Greg, and Mrs. Hudson in attendance. Pizza and chocolate cake with chocolate icing would be served, along with ice cream and some other snacks. I sat at my desk, smiling to myself as I looked at the plans for what would be Sherlock's first birthday party since the age of 8 (according to Mycroft) and congratulated myself on planning such a lovely party in so little time.
"Look, there's the butterfly!" she shouted. The men looked up to see the yellow wings hovering near them.
Your Uncle Mycroft is still manning the British government and continues to be a thorn in my side. He just recently donated money to the new children's oncology wing at Great Ormond Street. He visited us this morning to ask our permission to name the new wing after you, my darling. So now, children will be cared for in the Indigo Rose Wing, where sunflowers will bloom and lives will be saved. Your sister is especially excited for that is where she will be working now as the brilliant physician that she is. Her husband will be working in the children's ICU downstairs. I will never admit it to your Papa or to him, but he is a good man. He is still not good enough for your darling sister, but he is tolerable.
I sat at Indigo's bedside, John sitting next to me, trying to get her to take just a sip of water. Her cracked lips remained closed as she weakly shook her head, jostling the O2 tubing in her nose. I fumbled in my pocket for the tube of chapstick I kept there and I swept the tube across her lips, cursing the blue tinge they held. Fluid was building up in Indigo's lungs as her heart struggled to pump blood to her little body, drowning her.
Nasty things, ducks are. I disliked them ever since one had bit me as a child, but that day I had inexplicably found myself with a duck's bill in my hands, noisily consuming birdseed.
! Papa, you start." River said, pushing the book into my hands. I smiled and scooted closer to Sherlock. He held the other end of the book as I opened it. The girls quickly flipped to the front page and I began,
"I have to see where I'm walking, love," John said, the tension in the air rising with every passing second. The bomb was about to go off.
I had gone to the biggest room my palace held, a room strung with streamers of pink and purple, stars shooting across the sky, their brilliance filling the room with a shining light. Toys, dolls, crayons, and empty bottles of bubble bath littered the soft white carpet and laughter filled the room. I opened a file and I was standing in green grass as jet black and soft blonde curls in royal blue coats spun around me. John, about three years younger, stood across the way, beckoning to us. The girls were in my arms then, their chubby faces dimpled as they beamed at me. I went to John and he gave all of us kisses, taking Indigo from me. We sat on the blue blanket spread out beneath us. The girls waved their little hands at passersby, earning smiles and friendly 'hellos.' John let out his hearty laugh as the girls called to the ducks. He put birdseed into their hands and they stuck them out to the cautious ducks approaching.
I turned and saw Sherlock standing behind my chair, his arms behind his back and his eyebrow quirked, his eyes expectant for an answer from the small girl sitting in my lap.
"Oh my darling, Daddy and I have tried so hard to find something to make it all go away, but we couldn't, sweetheart...I'm so sorry, Indie."
'When John and I found out that we would be having twins, and then having twin girls, we sat down with tea in the middle of the night, still awake half due to terror and the other half due to this relentless joy. Two daughters for us, these two old, outcast men who never thought they would be married, let alone become fathers. That night we chose the names for these two beautiful girls. River Grace and Indigo Rose. I had wanted to wait to see which child would fit each name, naming them only after their personalities had formed, but John said that we couldn't keep calling our daughters 'A and B' until they were six months old and that their names would suit them just fine. As per usual with these matters, John was correct.
It was peaceful in 221B that night. Indie didn't wake up at all, for the first time in a long time. I woke up the next morning, nearly panicking when I realized I had slept through the night. I was ready to dash upstairs when I heard deep laughter and high pitched giggling coming from the front room. I found Sherlock and Indie in there, Indie running around the room in a long sleeved maroon dress as Sherlock blew bubbles for her.
About an hour later, a frazzled River walked through the door, carrying her daughter in one arm and a bag in the other. The little girl squirmed out of her arms and ran to John, squealing "Grandpapa! Grandpapa!"
John cleared his throat, pulling at his yellow bow-tie, and held his paper down with trembling hands, his voice cracking as he began,
"Michael, my dear, so lovely to see you!" Mrs. Hudson said, walking over to him with her cane and sitting on the sofa next to him.
"Sherlock? Get dressed please, River and Michael will be over soon," John said tiredly as he came into the room.
Sherlock did as I said, blood spilling onto his shirt. Indie began to cough and spit out more blood, the gurgling sound she was making stopped and she seemed to calm down just a little bit.
"Papa, Daddy, I'm home! Uncle Greg brought me home in his police car!" River shouted as the front door swung open. John and I wiped away our tears as River rushed up the stairs and came into the kitchen.
After Mrs. Hudson went back downstairs, I switched the telly onto one of the morning cartoons the girls inexplicably enjoyed. Indigo snuggled herself into my chest, her eyes drooping.
"You are welcome anytime, my little scientist." Sherlock said warmly, a soft smile crossing his face.
He left swiftly and silently, only stopping briefly to give a curt nod to his younger brother, who stood still as a statue, not acknowledging Mycroft as he left.
River, meanwhile, had gone over to Indie and shook her awake, whispering to her about the party and about all the fun they were going to have with their friends. She sat up groggily, but became more awake as River talked and talked about the party they were about to walk into. I picked Indie up and kissed her on her forehead, checking for a fever. Satisfied that she didn't have one, I spun her around and set her down, picking River up in the same motion and kissed her forehead too.
I moved over and took the bag from him. He started applying a viscous blue liquid to the livers he had in a bowl. After a few moments, he seemed satisfied and began moving towards our room. His sharp hiss of pain took me by surprise.
"Can I have one too, Daddy?" River asked, her eyes perking at the possibility of such a treat so early in the morning.
"Papa! Daddy! There's so many puddles outside, may we go play in them?" Indie asked, her sweet face shining up at us.
I remember the nurse handing you to me wrapped in a pink swaddle soon after you were born, your hair peeking out from the tiny pink hat Mrs. Hudson had knitted. I looked at you, and you looked at me, your newborn eyes squinting in the light. That day, I saw the world in those big beautiful eyes and I knew then that you would change the world, you would move mountains, you would be amazing.
I brushed my thumb over the picture, Sherlock held River in his left arm and I held Indie in my right. Both girls were wearing baby blue frock dresses with bows in their ringlet hair to match. Three little faux buttons were in a column at the top of the dress and white embroidered flowers danced down the front of the dress. White tights and black Mary Janes completed the outfits. They had one arm around each other and the other around Sherlock or I. Their cheeks were pressed together and they had both been caught mid-laugh, their eyes shining brightly with mirth and their smiling mouths wide. Sherlock and I were kissing their cheeks with smiles on our faces. The girls were the center of our world, radiating laughter and light, and no other picture ever captured this as greatly as this one did.
They scrambled off the floor and went to Mycroft. We followed them, wanting to see what he had gotten them for Christmas.
They made their way back over to Indie, both gently placing kisses on her forehead. She reached her arms up and hugged Greg around the neck.
She let go of my hand and with a little encouragement, she walked into the classroom and sat with her sister, who was already chatting away with another little girl. Indie nervously waved goodbye and I waved back.
Sherlock's eyes were filled with tears and his breathing was strangled as he grasped onto her small hand.
Satisfied that the girls were safe, the detective stepped quietly down the stairs and strode over to his chair. He took the mobile phone from the table and swiftly dialed John's number. He put the phone up to his ear, counting the rings before a sleepy voice came from the other end.
"Hide!" River shouted, the girls running to hide behind Sherlock's chair, Jack following them. Mycroft crouched behind the arm of the sofa, while Mrs. Hudson and Molly hid in the kitchen. I went to the girls and knelt next to them, their bodies practically shaking with anticipation.
"Fine, but this better be quick, there is nothing I want to do more on an afternoon off than hold peas to your skinny arse."
I got up just before sunrise and went to the locked box I kept on the shelf, taking the vial of morphine out and giving Indie her morning dose.
John chuckled and got up from the sofa, grabbing the pile of lavender colored blankets and following her with a limp.
True to his word, Sherlock came right on schedule, sweeping his way into the group as if he had been there all along. The photographer gathered us all and set about posing us this way and that way. He took pictures of us all together, with the girls, the girls together, and finally, the girls on their own. The whole session took about an hour and ended just as the sunlight began to die behind the horizon.
We stayed with Mrs. Hudson for dinner. She made some sort of stew, it smelled nice, at least. Wasn't hungry though. The latest case Lestrade had called me with turned over and over in my mind. It couldn't have been the husband, could it? No, too dull, too predictable.
"Well, why don't you make me both, Sherlock, I'll sample both of our girls' favorite stars," I said, winking at River and Indie, who giggled in response, "let me go grab my mug from the front room and I'll be right back to start making our galaxy smoothies."
"I'm here, Sunshine, I brought you your medicine, I'm going to give it to you now, alright?" he said, preparing each medication for injection into her IV line.
Mycroft was told immediately of Indie's diagnosis, we thought that he of all people could find some experimental trial going on somewhere in the world, or some other doctor who had successfully treated Indie's condition. We were sure that he could find someone for us.
"There we go," I said, placing Indie's painting on the refrigerator next to River's, "two lovely paintings by the most beautiful artists in the whole world."
"Grandpapa, I'm not a little kid anymore, you don't need to tell me to go to bed," Charlotte said, rolling her eyes as she got up from the floor and gave Sherlock and John kisses goodnight.
You are now the most brilliant of stars, the sunflowers shifting in the wind, the brightest rays of sunshine. I see you in every beauty on this Earth because of the beauty that was your life.
Soon, the table was cleared and everyone was back in the front room, sipping on tea that John had made.
Sherlock and I laid with her throughout the night, both of us wide awake. Indie's breathing was labored and her O2 saturation continued to drop, no matter how much I turned the oxygen up.
I stood and picked up my violin from the side of my chair. I began to play, the most beautiful melody I had ever composed flowing from the strings.
"Indigo Rose Watson-Holmes! Where is my daughter?" I shouted at the secretary, who looked up at me with a startled face.
John shut his laptop and placed it next to him. He went over to her and sat cross-legged on the floor, his knees clicking as he bent down.
"I told Miss Laura that you told me that Indie isn't sick anymore, and she said you were right, that Indie wasn't hurting anymore," River had said to me one night.
She ran over to where Indie was playing with a few dolls and sat. Content that the girls were occupied, I walked into the kitchen and found the world's only consulting detective standing at the counter, holding a bag of frozen peas to his bottom.
John flipped the light on and was shocked by the flood of tears running down Sherlock's cheeks. His bloodshot eyes were rimmed with red, his nose red from where he had been rubbing it.
"And I'll make your favorite pancakes for breakfast, how does that sound?" Mrs. Hudson replied, her voice trembling.
She joined the football team and sang the leads in all of her school plays. I drove her and growing numbers of friends to the cinema and to concerts and I sat with her as she cried over the first boy to break her heart.
I had seen them, but at no point did I ever think "cancer." They were just bruises, she just had a sprained ankle. My anger towards Sherlock quickly died. We were both their fathers and we both did not think the worst because how could anyone think that our happy and playful little girl was dying. I felt almost sick for expecting this shaking human in front of me to ever be more than just that, a human being, an exceptionally gifted human being, but a human nonetheless.
I laid in bed, listening to the girls discuss their presents in the hallway. Sherlock stirred next to me, groaning into his pillow.
I stood by the girls as they looked through the telescope, directing them towards the constellations I recognized.
"May we be excused, Papa?" River asked, her body already halfway out of the chair. "Of course, darling. You both did very well eating lunch today." I said. They smiled at me, put their dishes in the sink, and ran into the front room, chattering away. I began to tidy up when I heard Sherlock step into the kitchen.
By the time Sherlock and I made it back to Indie's room, both girls were fast asleep. River lay on her right side and Indie lay behind her with her IV tubing and tape covered arm thrown over River. Both girls slept like Sherlock, with their limbs sprawled out as far as they could go. Raven and sandy blonde curls intertwined on the pillow they shared and their breaths were in tandem with each other, little snuffles emanating from the girls with each breath.
"I suppose a few nice pictures wouldn't hurt, but they don't want to do this, I won't make them!" He replied.
He glanced over at the picture that sat in the middle of the mantle, a radiant River standing at the altar in a white, sparkling ballgown, her raven hair pulled up into an elegant bun, a white, jeweled veil draping behind her.
"Sometimes…sometimes, these things just happen, love. No one did anything wrong, it's not anyone's fault. It just happened." I said, my voice faltering.
"Bit of important business to attend to, darling, so sorry to have missed tea. I think I have something for you and River to make up for it though." He said, motioning for them to come with him.
They stood in silence, the quiet hiccups the only sound they could hear against the backdrop of cars driving and birds chirping.
It was obvious he hadn't slept. His eyes were bloodshot and his hair stuck up all around. His bottom lip was bleeding from being chewed to bits.
We have everything! And if we forgot something, surely Mycroft's people could get it at this point. The car will be here any minute for us!
The cab finally pulled up to 221B. John tossed a few bills at the cabbie and ran up the steps to the large front door. He unlocked and pushed the door slowly open before quietly ascending the stairs to his flat. There wasn't any light coming from the bottom of the door, making John's mind race with worry. If Sherlock wasn't home, where was he?
Greg, Molly, Mrs. Hudson, Mycroft, Sarah, James Sholto, Harry, everyone I had ever known stood around them, their eyes staring, with tears running down their faces.
She gave me a very serious look and said, "Daddy, I won, my tongue is most definitely bluer than yours."
'To my sweet Indigo Rose, my brilliant Sunshine, I miss your smile, your singing laugh, your wonderful, kind heart. I miss flying with you through the living room, 'like the aeroplanes, Papa!' I miss listening to you name all your dolls and telling me their stories. I miss kissing you goodnight and watching your eyes flutter closed as you told me you loved me. I miss hugs before school and watching you paint me and Daddy pictures. I miss walks in the park and singing while you and your sister helped me make dinner.
I shut my eyes against the noise and opened them to find Indie fast asleep and River in Sherlock's arms watching a show on her tablet, Sherlock absentmindedly playing with her curls. Mycroft had gotten up and stood looking into the raging fireplace, one arm stretched out with his hand gripping the mantle that held that damn clock, with its incessant tick tock, tick tock that grew louder every day. Mrs. Hudson took my hand as we resumed watch of our little girl.
I felt my body being jerked forward by some unseen force and I found myself in front of my little girl lying in a white coffin. Her blonde curls laid perfectly around her head, her eyes closed, the corners of her mouth were so very slightly upturned in a peaceful smile. Her body was surrounded by daisies, roses, lilies, flowers of every kind. She was dressed in a hospital gown and her hands lay across her stomach.
"What?" John nearly shouted, startling Sherlock out of his lap. John saw the fear flash through the ice blue eyes and softened his voice, "Sherlock, love, you aren't a monster, you aren't a freak. You are so very wonderful. You help those who don't have anyone else, you've saved lives, you've brought closure to grieving families, and justice to those who were unjustly taken. I know how deeply you care about others, why would you do what you do if you didn't? I don't want to hear those words ever come out of your mouth again, Sherlock, because you're everything to me, my whole, damn, perfect world."
We pulled up to 221B with the girls asleep in our laps, light from the 'stars' twinkling on their sweet faces. I gently picked Indie up and we made our way into the flat. Mrs. Hudson came out to greet us and I put my finger to my lips, nodding my head towards the sleeping child on my shoulder. She smiled and went back to her flat, the sounds of tea being made emanating through the doorway.
After the girls had been put into bed, John and I sat in our bedroom next to each other on the edge of bed in silence.
"You are so lovely, so loved, my dearest Indigo Rose. You and your sister, and your Papa of course, are such bright lights in my life. It was so dark and then suddenly, I could not find a bit of shade. I'll never know what I did to deserve such a perfect husband, such a perfect pair of girls."
I gave her another dose of Lasix through her IV, trying to get her body to get rid of the fluid that was filling her lungs. She stopped coughing and her breathing calmed down. She sighed and her head lolled back onto the pillows, her eyes dull, blue shadows as dark as night underneath them.
Quick footsteps ran down the stairs from the girls' room. Sherlock had been spending most of his nights there, playing Indie's song over and over again, intermittently playing the song he had composed for the girls' birthday party. Once in a while, I heard a new song, its haunting melody one of overwhelming sadness that tore at me as I sat in my chair, brandy in hand, trying to chase the sight of her lifeless face away.
"And then the guy says to me, Greg, why'd you sign your name as 'Gavin'? Bloody Sherlock Holmes has me forgetting my own bloody name."
She took her first cautious step, then another, and another, until she fell into my arms, laughter ringing out.
River grabbed Indie's hand and absolutely flew down the stairs. Sherlock and I were following them when I heard,
"Yes, darling, Daddy's very happy, just promise me you'll misplace Uncle Mycroft's wallet for me today."
John sighed, his message again remaining unanswered. He was worried beyond belief. Nothing had ever shaken Sherlock Holmes out of the mold that John had built for him. He was larger than life, the most brilliant man in the world. The touches of human suffering that he had seen in Sherlock these last two days frightened John more than any bullet, any bomb, any crazed murderer they had met.
"I love you, Indie," I whispered to the night sky. Sherlock squeezed my hand as we turned back to finish her homework. We both put her to bed soon after dinner, our girl still chatting away about everything she had learned that night.
"Look at our girl, John! Up and dressed before all of us!" Sherlock said from behind her, blowing more bubbles.
We could not put this off any longer, we had to tell them now. My heart began racing, I could not bear to do this to my daughters, my two most precious jewels.
Sherlock began to rock River back and forth, mouthing 'sorry' over and over again. I ran my hand over Indie's hair over and over again and brought her as close to me as I could. We let them cry, let them scream.
The two brothers grasped each other's hands and Indie's cracked and blue tinged lips quirked into a smile.
After the initial shock wore off, Sherlock seemed quite pleased with the party, sitting among the conversation with the girls on his lap, a sort of giddy smile on his face. We ate pizza and cut the cake, Sherlock's cheeks blazing red by the time we finished singing to him.
I caught them as they were ready to set off, helmets on, feet on the pedals, with wide smiles on their faces.
"What are you doing with my laptop?" I said, marching over to him to snatch it away, "you have your own you know."
As I placed my fingers on her neck, her eyes popped open. She looked right at me, her eyes clouded with confusion.
"This one's a tough one, guys, one victim, eight years old. We have the father and mother here, they're pretty shaken up. Say they found their son on the floor. He sleeps on the top bunk without a railing and figured he fell out. But, I don't like it, it just doesn't seem right, Sherlock, that's why I brought you out here," Lestrade said.
"Obviously, it is quite cold in here, John, maybe you should stoke the fire a bit more before we all catch the death of us?" Sherlock smartly replied and followed our daughters down the stairs.
I couldn't deal with him at that moment, I couldn't deal with any of this, putting my daughter in hospice, signing the 'Do not resuscitate' order that meant I couldn't do a damn thing but watch my daughter take her last struggling breath, even though my mind would be screaming at me, 'Save her! Save her!' I would let her fade away, her beautiful voice, her kind heart, her silly jokes, all becoming memories.
She kept screaming, struggling against my arms, hitting at me with small fists. But I couldn't let her go and dash into the mess Sherlock was in, letting her see him in that state. I took out my phone and texted Mycroft telling him to get Sherlock out here, to drag him out if he had to.
"Coffin, Indigo, flowers, dead…" A trail of nonsense streamed out of my mouth, interjected with hiccupping sobs.
A few days later I was looking for my laptop…again. I opened one of the desk drawers and found a picture album. I sat down and opened it.
No one else would've noticed the slight hitch in his speech, the tense posture Sherlock had. But John did.
"Well, are you coming? Don't just sit there with your mouth gaping like you've seen a ghost, John," Sherlock finally said, his mouth quirked into a smile.
"Lestrade said he's got a case for us," Sherlock drawled as he threw his coat over his arms. He stood there expectantly, one eyebrow raised.
She slid out of her chair and crossed her arms, stomping her feet ever so slightly as she made her way to the sink, making John's lips quirk up into a genuine smile.
I turned toward the table and hesitated over the pink rubber placemat that hadn't been used in months, the focus of every eye during any meal we ate here.
"Can we sleep in your bed tonight, Papa?" Indie asked me, her hazel eyes shining at me with anticipation.
Sherlock stood at the front, his face ashen gray and his eyes were blank, but filled with tears. He held River in his arms, she was pulling at her hair and repeatedly banging her head into Sherlock's shoulder.
The lockets were silver with delicate engravings of flowers on the front. Inside I had put a picture of us from the photos we took before the girls' birthday party. Sherlock and I stood behind the girls, looking quite dapper and happy. River had decided it was a silly photo and stood with her hands on her hips, bending forward and sticking her tongue out. Indigo smiled brightly next to her sister, her hands clasped in front of her. On the other side of the locket, I had engraved 'We love you forever.'
The shock of what I had just been told began to wear off and the stoic facade I had built over the last day began to crack. Tears rolled down my cheeks in torrents.
River stood next to her sister, a mischievous grin on her face, and bent down, scooping water into her hands. She flung her hands up, throwing water onto an unsuspecting Sherlock. He stood for a moment, shocked, until putting the same grin on his face and throwing water onto his daughter, making her shriek with joy.
I bit the inside of my cheek to keep from screaming, blinking rapidly to keep the tears back. I cupped the side of her face, brushing away stray tears that fell. I opened my mouth to speak when I was startled by a small voice in the doorway.
I nodded my head and nudged Sherlock to do the same as he was transfixed by the little moving figures on the screen.
"I love you too, I'll see you in the morning." He said as he always did, placing another kiss on the pale cheek.
"She was wonderful, Sherlock, what did we ever do to deserve her?" I said, brushing my hand over her face.
I sat there, breathing heavily, my hands clenched in fists, I had not felt such anger in such a long time, and never towards John.
I whispered, "Now where would they get such an idea?" He replied, "When we visited Molly, she was talking on the phone with her mother and said she was planning on making breakfast for her father for Father's Day, I'm assuming that's where they conceived the idea."
"Daddy, you're home!" River said, running to him. He caught her in his free arm and picked her up, kissing her on the cheek.
I came home and saw the fort of blankets, three curly haired shadows moving inside. Jack leapt onto my leg, barking excitedly.
His face was beaming with a rare full blown smile as he watched Indie jump, clapping her hands together to pop bubbles. I quickly picked up my camera and took a picture, catching her mid-laugh, her hands about to close over a bubble. She turned with the sound of the camera and ran to me with her arms outstretched.
"Nothing is harmful and they'll go straight into the fridge we have in our room. Now, can you hold the peas?"
The hitch in his voice didn't go unnoticed by John, who struggled to keep himself together. He could sense that their world was cracking, beginning to break into unrecognizable pieces.
Against everything I had learned in medical school, I scooped up my seizing daughter, cradling her tiny body, feeling her arms and legs hit and kick me, and ran.
She let go of my hand and sat back down, flipping a blue heart card over. I walked towards the bedroom, motioning Sherlock to follow me, which he did, his head hanging.
He threw himself onto me, thin fingers wrapping my shirt around them. Guilt and grief overcame me and I grasped at him just as tightly and we cried into each other's arms.
It's been twenty years since you left us, my darling. Time has only dulled the pain of your loss. There are still days that I pass sitting alone in my chair, lost in the memories I have of you and your wonderful life.
I placed my hand on her hair and gently brushed my hand down the waterfall of golden curls. I spoke to her softly, comforting her as best I could. Indie weakly reached up to touch my face before her hand again fell into my lap. I grasped her hand in mine and whispered to her how much I loved her, how much Daddy loved her, how we would make her all better again.
"Well, my darling, we made it, my first night alone with you and your sister. Went very well, I think," Sherlock whispered sleepily.
Sherlock smiled and picked her up, but his face darkened as she snuggled with him. His eyes became stormy and his smile quickly turned to a deep frown, his brown still furrowed with worry. Something wasn't right.
"Thank you, Molly, I do hope he knows what's happening though, I have a feeling 'surprise birthday party' didn't make it into the mind palace files." I laughed. She laughed and nodded her head.
"Come on, Indie!" River whispered, pulling her along to the couch where Sherlock lay. They bounced onto him, his head jerking up with the sudden weight on him. I crossed into the kitchen to put the leftover food in the fridge.
A deep rumble of laughter came from the man beside me. He doubled over on the stairs, placing his hand on the wall to steady himself, his eyes shining with tears.
The car soon stopped in front of Great Ormond Street Hospital and a team of nurses and doctors stood outside waiting for us. The car door was thrown open and I gave Indie to the first pair of hands that came inside the car.
"I need help, Sherlock. We need help. We just need to be her parents now; she just needs us to be her Papa and her Daddy."
Sherlock's phone buzzed, he popped up from his chair and motioned for me to come with him. It must've been the text from Mycroft that we were waiting for.
I looked over at John. He was standing by our desk, hands in the pockets of his jacket. A gentle smile was crossing his face.
River and Indie lay together, River chatting while Indie listened, the corner of her lips quirked up. Mycroft sat in my chair, umbrella in hand, while Mrs. Hudson flittered about picking up and putting down objects, pretending to clean, avoiding the inevitable departure from our flat.
"I'm so sorry, love, can you tell me what hurts, sweetheart?" I asked her, taking her wrist in my hand to feel her pulse. It was fast, but strong and steady.
"Oh Dr. Watson! River and Indigo are inside, Indigo seems to be feeling a bit under the weather, the flu has been going around as I'm sure you know! Poor thing started shivering like a leaf right before the final bell rang."
He scurried under his bed, hoping that his Daddy couldn't find him. He could hear him barging up the stairs and down the long corridor that led to the nursery. He was shouting loud, not very nice words. He was tucking himself into a corner on the dusty floor when he was grabbed by his leg and dragged out from underneath the bed, the plush navy carpet scraping against his chin. His small fingers reached desperately for anything that he could grab onto to get away from this monster. This wasn't his Daddy.
She lay sleeping, her small body somehow taking up the entire bed, her arm wrapped around her teddy bear, her legs tangled in the sheets. Jack lay at her feet, tail wagging at my appearance. I bent and pet him on the head, his silly face making me almost laugh.
Sun shined onto Sherlock's face as he sat in the chair at his desk and he squinted in the rays of the unwelcome intruder. He sighed and lazily scooted his chair to turn his face away from the windows. 221B Baker Street was always so dull when John and the girls weren't home. He hated that John had to work and his daughters needed to go to school. He could just as well teach them by himself, they'd learn more practical lessons anyway.
Sherlock's birthday was fast approaching and although he insisted we completely ignore the whole affair, I always made sure to have a gift wrapped and a chocolate cake with chocolate icing sitting on the kitchen table by the end of the day. He would give me a smile and a kiss, giving the same to the girls after they came into our lives. The throwing of birthday parties and the like was strictly forbidden, 'a ridiculous waste of time,' as Sherlock bluntly put it when I had brought the subject up soon after we had started dating.
He resisted any other attempts to talk with me and for a time, we sat in silence, Sherlock as still as a statue, with the only sounds coming from the telly and Indie's raspy breaths. I glanced at the clock, River was due home at any moment.
John left the room and I sat on my phone, running through potential cases for the upcoming week. Boring, boring, booooooring. Nothing, absolutely nothing. I would have to bother Greg for more cold cases to go through while the girls are at school and John is at work. I don't like to be alone.
I didn't know what to do with this horrible, overwhelming anger, so as per usual, I took it out on the wall, punching it. Faint red lines appeared on my knuckles, soon becoming a deeper red with oozing blood. I felt a hand grasp my wrist, and an arm hook around my waist.
"Do you want me to go outside?" River whispered, "I'm not allowed to go outside without Daddy or Papa. But, I can let you out so you can get back home."
I pulled away and cupped his cheek with my right hand, running my thumb over the tear tracks still lingering on his face. I placed my forehead against his and closed my eyes.
We sat in two chairs placed in front of the desk, but she did not sit behind the desk. She pulled up a chair and sat in a space directly in front of us. She sighed and began to speak.
Color was nearly gone from her face. She was fading from this life, from all of us. I wracked my brain again for anything that could give her a few more days, but all I could find was a large white room, devoid of anything but a small, broken picture of our family on the floor.
He slowly opened the door and quickly tiptoed over to River's crib, reaching in and putting his long finger underneath her nose, feeling her soft breaths on his skin. He sighed and brushed his hand across the raven curls that were just beginning to grow out. He did the same to Indigo, who laid in her crib on her back, her pink pajama clad arms thrown above her head.
John and Sherlock ran to the playground, their eyes bloodshot and wild, not believing that they had not lost their little girl until they saw her with their own eyes.
"I love you too, sweet little one," she said, gathering her into her arms as River looked on, confused.
And as I played, the sunflowers gently waved back and forth, blown by a breeze that had come in through the open window.
I fell asleep, thinking of the latest adventure our girls had thought up and fell asleep with that picture on my mind, we would have to get that one framed.
I knew of a field outside of the city that rolled with hills where tall grass grew. Harry and I often picnicked there with our parents when we were young. The sunsets there were gorgeous and would serve as the perfect backdrop for our pictures. We were met there by Molly, Greg, and Mycroft, who we wanted in the pictures as well, wouldn't do to have family pictures done without the godparents would it?
"Are you saying we shouldn't even attempt to help her?! What about experimental trials? There has to be something, you cannot just be giving up on my daughter!" Sherlock spat at the doctor.
"Pretty dolls for even prettier little girls, River Grace. And how is my Indigo Rose feeling today?" He said, stepping into the room.
"Papa, Indie won't come back to visit, will she? Lily told me that angels have to stay in heaven and that even if she visited we couldn't see her."
Her scream snapped him into action. He ran to us like lightning, pulling us both to the floor, all of us crying. Sherlock's bandaged hands grasped the back of my jumper and River held onto him with a vice-like grip. I wrapped my arms around the both of them, the empty space where Indie would've sat like a gaping wound.
I woke up leaning forward with my head on a pillow on Indie's bed, her hand still clasped in mine. I straightened up, cracking my neck and back along the way. A blanket that had been draped over me fell to the floor.
They drove away, leaving us behind to pick up the shattered pieces of our lives. I reached for Sherlock's hand to find that it was not there. The door to the flat was hanging wide open and I went back inside. I heard a commotion from our flat and rushed up the stairs.
John woke up when the sun began to filter through the room, specks of dust glittering in the light. He slowly stretched out his stiff neck and limbs, pops and cracks coming from the joints. He glanced at the floor and saw the long forgotten mug, still shattered on the floor. He cleaned the mess up, scrubbing the sticky hardwood until there wasn't a trace left. The door to the bedroom still hadn't opened, but the soft, sorrowful notes of a violin were emanating from the room. All John could do was wait.
A girl with blonde ringlets down her back, wearing a white summer dress, was kicking pink cherry blossom petals under her feet when she saw a man in the distance, the sun setting behind him. She broke into a wide smile, her sweet dimples showing. She started running toward the man, arms outstretched.
"Well she's looking much perkier today, John! It's so wonderful to see those bright eyes and that lovely smile again."
"I love you too, Indie," Molly sniffled. She took a shaky breath before continuing, "Come…come back to visit often, sweetheart."
Raven curls became longer and were put into ponytails and messy buns instead of braids, lips were painted with lipsticks instead of melted ice cream, and lacy dresses were replaced with jeans and tank tops. She grew too big for bedtime stories and became too heavy to pick up off the couch and lay into bed. Cuddles were 'weird' and a quick kiss on the cheek with a fleeting 'love you' was rare. Fights were had and curfews were set.
"She would always say I was the perfect Daddy, except for when I made your Uncle Gabe 'use all those bad words' and when I made your Papa 'sigh really, really loud and count to twenty.'" Sherlock said, giving a slight chuckle.
"It's not fair! Indie is my best friend! She can't die!" River cried out, angry tears beginning to stream down her face.
He waved his hand dismissively at me and simply said, "Indigo Rose," before slipping through the door.
He sighed and got up, straightening the comforter before he left the room behind, bear in hand. Sherlock was sitting in his chair, hands steepled, eyes intent on the blazing fire.
"Come on girls, it's time to go to your birthday party!" We walked to the large doors into the ballroom and waited for the commotion inside to settle down and the DJ to announce our entrance. We went in as a family, Indie on my arm, River on Sherlock's. Cheers rose from the tables filled with the girls' classmates and their parents and our friends. I looked down at Indie.
Sherlock handed the snail to River and turned to John, who sat with a bemused look on his face, and asked, "What do you think, John? Do you think we can add a sea snail to the family?"
Once the door had been softly closed, we crept over to the side of the bed and Sherlock gently touched the side of River's cheek, her long dark lashes fluttering for a second before she settled back into her dreams. I tucked the soft pink blanket around our girls and placed a feather-light kiss on each of their cheeks.
"They need social interaction; they need to learn what the other children are learning. They are going to school, Sherlock." I said.
"River! Thank God you're safe!" He caught her in his arms and enveloped her in a hug. "Sweetheart, you're freezing, what are you doing all the way out here?" he said, his voice jittery.
"There, now you can ride all around these grounds like your father and I did when we were little boys."
"Let's do something fun, Daddy!" River shouted as she flew into my arms, sitting herself down next to her sister.
I felt a tug on my hand and looked down at Indigo, who stood still holding my gloved hand in hers, a sad look on her little face.
"Oh my poor dear, extra sugar for you," she said, hurrying into the kitchen to grab the honey, sugar, and lemon.
I set River down and she carefully began to unpack the bags, holding their contents up for us to see before putting the pillows and blankets in one pile and her decorations in another.
I looked at John's beautiful blue eyes and only saw mourning and sorrow in them with not a single shred of hope. And if John had given up hope…
I remember that morning as an exceptionally cold day, we had the fire as high as it could go, and Indie bundled into her warmest clothes. Her doctor pulled us aside after examining her, a grim look on her face. I tucked the blanket tighter around Indie, making sure she was comfortable, I felt it was all I could do for her anymore. I went into the kitchen where Sherlock and the doctor were sitting. Sherlock's hands were tucked into fists and he stared blankly ahead. I steeled myself against the news I knew I was about to hear, I had been examining Indie daily, listening to the small heart that was growing weaker and weaker with each passing day.
"This is such a lovely card, lovebug, thank you." I said, kissing her forehead and setting her on the floor.
"Now Indigo, I have a very important question I need your help answering." She nodded at me, grinning widely as I continued, "I need to see which will be bluer after eating a whole blue popsicle, a big tongue or a little tongue. Ready, set, go!"
He stared at the closed drawer, tears falling fast down his cheeks. I fought with myself to not tear it back open and put her placemat back where it belonged, but I had to be strong, for him.
Screams reverberated off the walls around me. I didn't realize they were mine until Sherlock pulled me into his arms and the screams became muffled as I cried into his shoulder.
I wrapped Indie in a fluffy towel and tickled her. The precious sound of her laughter filled the tiny bathroom.
"That's what I'm having, Papa!" Indie shouted from her chair. River looked slightly hurt that I wasn't also having pancakes like she was.
It was an odd sight, to say the least, Sherlock hardly ever made food. He turned around and softly smiled at me.
River and Indie sat the tray onto my bedside table and clambered onto Sherlock and me, Indie came to rest on my chest, with River tightly wrapped around Sherlock. I sat up with Indie in my arms and joined my family in a group hug.
"Come on, I'll take you back home, I parked my car across the street there. What if we go back to Baker Street and make us a nice cup of cocoa, eh? Does that sound good, River?" Lestrade said.
I knew the children could barely pour cereal for themselves and with the noise that awoke me, I was getting more and more anxious that they had injured themselves or were about to hurt themselves. I swung my legs down to get off the bed, when Sherlock quickly shook his head and motioned for me to get back into bed.
We bundled them into their coats and their scarves from Sherlock as it was a bit of a windy November day.
"No, John, I've simply deduced that both fetuses are male based on the way that Lindsey is carrying and her suspicious lack of morning sickness."
Sherlock studied him for a moment, his eyes locked onto John's. His breathing was growing rapid, more shallow. The panic in Sherlock was rising, he hadn't told anyone his secret for nearly 25 years. Now he was about to tell everything, to the soldier that would keep him out of harm's way. He licked his lips, his mouth had become exceedingly dry.
This thought was confirmed when I saw the three of them splashing in the large puddles building up on Baker Street. They were all already thoroughly soaked to the bone.
"Daddy!" I heard her scream again, this time much more frantic, much louder. But River couldn't be here, she was at school, John was at the clinic.
I noticed Sherlock's eyes darkening as he looked at the doorway to the stairs and I turned to see what could possibly…ah, Mycroft was here.
"John?" He finally said, blinking rapidly, the tears finally running down his pale, sharp cheeks. He wrapped his arms around himself, his tailored jacket and ironed shirt becoming wrinkled. His breathing became rapid and his cheeks reddened, the realization of what had just happened hitting him completely.
"Alright, Daddies, we're going to be looking to see what gender these little ones are, are you ready?"
"So, how is she doing, John? How are all of you doing?" Molly asked, once we were a safe distance behind.
The man set the sheet back down and nodded his head. We climbed out and stood on the sidewalk, getting one last glimpse of our daughter before the doors were shut.
The ballroom was incredible. All of the decorations were gold and white, even the walls were white with a gold pattern on them, specially installed by Mycroft's people for this party. We chose these colors to let the people inside be the color, the life of this birthday party. Fairy lights were strung to the center of the ceiling and hung down, along with gold and white fabric. The seats were gold with white fabric seats and the tables were covered in gold or white tablecloths with small centerpieces of light pink roses, to match the roses in the girls' hair. A candy bar with any type of candy you could imagine sat in the corner of the room, along with popcorn, candy floss, and other treats. Sherlock and I decided to have a cupcake cake to make it easier for the children to eat the cake. The cupcakes were topped with black, dark blue and purple icing, swirled to look like galaxies. Each was topped with a constellation or an outline of the Moon or Sun. A large, glittery gold 6 and ½ sat at the top of the cupcake tower.
The day had started out innocently enough. Sherlock bounced around the flat, tossing this and that into boxes and cabinets, exhilarated by the latest case. John watched from his chair, smiling softly at Sherlock.
He paused and looked fondly at Indie sleeping in his arms, rubbing his finger across the baby fuzz on her head.
Blood poured from Indigo's nose, her little hand trying desperately to stop it. Her face was whiter than the snow she sat on and tears streamed down her face. Sherlock quickly knelt down and held his handkerchief to her nose. River was crying next to her, Greg picked her up and brushed the snow off her.
River straightened and cautiously glanced into the kitchen, her Papa was turned away from her, placing carrots on plates. She tiptoed down the stairs, searching for the butterfly all the while. She found it resting on the front door, its wings gently rising and falling.
I spotted the plastic wrap sitting on a shelf and had a brilliant idea. I grabbed it and began wrapping it around Sherlock, keeping the peas in place.
She gave him a kiss on the cheek and bounded over to Sherlock, snuggling into his lap and turning on the telly.
It was her last good day, that snowy January 6th. Her fevers returned, her muscles ached with every step, nosebleeds were nearly a daily occurrence, and she slept more and more. There were times I would retreat to our bedroom exhausted, my heart aching with her cries. Sherlock would come in and sit with me on the side of our bed, taking my hand in his.
Our reassurance seemed to give her strength and she sang, "I love you, Papa, I love you, Daddy," her voice louder than it had been in weeks.
I walked over to the shaking form rocking back and forth, knelt down next to him, and wrapped my arms around him. His head fell into my shoulder with a thud and his tears began to soak my jumper. Tears began to fall down my cheeks, some of them hitting my chapped lips. The stinging was a nice distraction from the stabbing I felt in my heart.
Sherlock paced around the kitchen, making laps around the table again and again, a baby monitor clutched in his hand. A bright '4:00' flashed from the microwave behind him. A snuffle came from the monitor and he stopped in his tracks. His face contorted into one of panic and he ran up to the nursery, his blue dressing gown flying behind him.
I couldn't help but fume on the way home, formulating what I was going to say to that big-brained idiot as soon as I walked in the door.
A crowd of people stood in a half circle around the front. They were all wearing the same clothes, had the same hairstyle, and were all the same height. Their cries and wails became more and more deafening the longer I stood there.
River waved her hand happily back and forth, shouting "I love you, Indie!" until she could no longer see the butterfly.
With that, we both collapsed into each other arms and curled into each other on the bed, my cries muffled into Sherlock's chest and his tears dripping silently onto my hair.
"Goodnight Mrs. H, thanks for all your help," I said, giving her a quick kiss on the cheek before ushering the girls upstairs.
Mycroft and Mrs. Hudson came upstairs, undoubtedly awoken by Sherlock, and found me sitting limply against the wall in front of our eerily silent bedroom. Mrs. Hudson, her face red and eyes puffy, knelt next to me, taking me into her arms.
We had decided to get our new family portraits done this year around the twins' 6th birthday on May 28th. Sherlock and I had gotten the girls ready the morning of the pictures and I had to convince him to put the girls in the outfits that Mrs. Hudson and I had picked out.
Sherlock groaned underneath all of us and I looked over at him, worried that we really were bothering him. Instead, I saw the man I loved with a huge smile on his face. His eyes caught mine and he shook his head with a laugh and settled his head back onto the couch.
"Lestrade is going to be wondering where you've gotten to." I said, checking Indie for any sign of the fever returning.
But, I was growing more and more angry with him. I couldn't go to him with our shared grief, we couldn't lean on each other for support. He had left me stranded in this cold, dark sea, struggling against the current. His state broke my heart, but I hated how selfish he was being.
"I have to go back to work now, darling, but I will see you tomorrow morning and then for Christmas dinner. You're still coming, aren't you, River Grace?" He mockingly admonished.
"No, let's start now, Papa! I already have one to write about," she said, the pencil beginning to mark the paper.
John sat in the cab with his head pressed against the cold, hard glass. It had begun to rain, the drops running quickly down the window. He had such a headache, the bloodied mop of curls on the small head burned into his mind for a lifetime. He looked down at his phone, the string of unanswered messages pulled up on the screen. He hesitated over the keyboard, his thumb swinging in circles, before finally typing.
Sherlock had stopped speaking to nearly everyone, including myself, merely giving them shrugs or dismissive waves. He spoke only to River now, her presence in his arms and her chatter bringing a glimmer of light to his dim eyes.
The girls got ready and we set off, leaving Indie with Mrs. Hudson with a hug and a kiss. River and I walked down the street, her gloved hand in mine.
River's mouth fell open and she broke into a sprint, running to the sister that she loved so dearly.
"I don't care about them, I want to be with Indie!" she yelled. With that, she threw herself onto the floor and began kicking about in a tantrum.
"Oh, I fell in gym class Papa, the nurse put ice on it and gave me icky medicine! It feels better than it did, the nurse said it was probably just a sprain," she replied.
I smiled, remembering how Indie would sometimes sing a song as she brushed her teeth, foam spraying everywhere as she laughed and sang.
I trudged down the stairs, Sherlock hesitantly following behind me. We sat in our respective chairs, facing Mycroft, his businesslike demeanor only marred by the
All three laughed and sat making small talk until Sherlock appeared in his classic Oxford and tailored slacks.
The girls had, after an hour or two of internet searching and a bit of help from me, found the largest Rubik's cube that was being sold in stores and decided that they would get that for Sherlock. The cube was 10x10 with electronic squares that would change colors if the puzzle wasn't solved in 12 hours. I thought it perfect for Sherlock's ever searching mind, looking for the next puzzle, the next case.
Christ, was he catatonic? My mind flashed to the morphine I had been giving Indie and I looked at his pupils with my penlight, praying they weren't pinpoints.
"Daddy approves," Sherlock said setting down his paper on the coffee table, "just be home by dinnertime, darlings."
A fond smile crossed his face as he nodded. I pulled a chair up for him before I headed upstairs to put Indie to bed.
A silver limo waited in front of our flat, metallic "wings" jutted from the top of the limo. Behind these wings, there appeared to be some sort of engine with orange, yellow, and red streamers flowing out from the back. The windows looked like portholes ran along the length of the limo. A man dressed as an astronaut stood by the door, waiting to open it.
Sherlock tucked her into his arm, turning the light off in the bathroom as he went. He walked to his and John's bedroom and set her down on top of the navy-blue sheets. She rolled onto her stomach and crawled over to Sherlock.
"I can't lose you, Sherlock, I can't do it," John said with a sob finally breaking through his stoic façade.
"Of course, John, do you remember when our Charlotte was small enough to love running down the sidewalks, chasing butterflies and ladybugs."
I flew into the doors of the A&E, my coat billowing behind me, shoes clicking on the tile, suitcase in hand. John only had time to say that our little girl was very sick and I needed to get to hospital immediately before I had hung up because I couldn't stand the screaming anymore.
"My father," he said in a single breath before falling into John's arms, his anguished scream piercing the air, piercing John's heart.
I laughed out loud when I saw that I had captured the blur that was our beautiful River Grace running in the background.
She continued with her elaborate story, not noticing the glaze of tears in John's eyes or his reddening cheeks as he tried to hold his tears in.
"Someday, love. And someday, we'll be able to think about all the fun we had with her and laugh and feel happy."
It only contained two pictures, the two ultrasound pictures. Written at the top, in Sherlock's neatest script, was simply, 'Our Greatest Adventure.' I smiled and took a pen from my pocket.
Her hand disappeared from my own and she faded away, the faceless crowd swallowing the place where she once stood.
"Sit still, River, you'll tangle the chain bouncing the locket like that." Mrs. Hudson said, taking the locket from her. "It's beautiful, River, should I put it on for you?"
And soon, we were all huddled in the tiny bathroom laughing. This, this is how it should be for the next month, for the next year, for the rest of our lives. Our little girls should laugh, they should play, they should learn, they should grow up to be lovely young women.
"Can you come home, Indie? Papa and Daddy and me are so sad without you. I can hear them crying when they don't think I'm listening. And I cry too."
I struggled to keep my hand from shaking as I handed it back to her, her hazel eyes giving me the same expectant look her sister had.
He returned to 221B and saw the pink and grey blanket draped on John's chair. He picked up the corner embroidered with 'Charlotte Indigo' and went back down to his husband and granddaughter.
He sighed. "It's the only chance to see our little Sunshine in a ballgown, with her hair and makeup done. It's as close to a wedding as we're going to get with her."
John and Sherlock joined their daughters, giving their farewells as the sea snail was set into the receding water.
He laid next to his daughter, the red light from the baby monitor shining from the bedside table. Her wispy blonde curls were beginning to dry and fanned out across the pillow. Sherlock kissed her forehead and pulled her onto his chest to sleep.
"Hold what? And what did we say about experiments in the kitchen, Sherlock? Children, remember? Our children?"
River stood and gathered her toys together, placing them in the plastic containers that they usually sat in when not in use. A flash of yellow caught her eye in the corner of the room by the open door leading to the stairway. She stared curiously until she saw it again. She walked closer and saw that it was a small yellow butterfly. It soon flew up, nearly hitting River's face, and down the stairs.
"Dinner should be ready in another 20 minutes, I'll get your Nana Hudson. She'll be so happy to see you both." John said, getting up and going downstairs.
"Remember when we were really little, we wanted a doggy so bad? We asked every day. But you and Daddy said we could get one when we were 7. But we got our puppy today and we aren't 7 yet."
"I tried to get her up, but she said she was too sleepy." Sherlock said, standing up from the chair.
Sherlock, meanwhile, had appeared back into the room, fastening the button on his suit jacket. He was wearing a starched white shirt that stretched tightly over his torso and trousers that hugged him quite nicely. His slightly damp curls sat just right and his blue-green eyes shone from his pale face.
The cold, grey winter days blurred together in an endless stream of medications and doctors' visits as we tried desperately to keep Indie here with us just a little bit longer. Her condition only worsened. Her doctor told us at first that we had maybe three months, which quickly shortened to two, and then, one morning, all we had was one more month left with our little girl.
"Of course, Daddy, are you feeling alright?" She asked as she placed the back of her hand on his forehead.
"Alright, River, get your boots on, we're going to go get Daddy's present now. Indie, we'll take you down to Nana Hudson's when we leave, alright?"
I snapped a picture just before I called everyone to come in to get out of our wet clothes, into some warm pajamas, and around the fireplace with hot tea.
John came running out of the back of the A&E with a dazed look on his face and River in his arms, her face snuggled into his neck. There was a large dark stain on his trousers, Indie had laid on him on the car ride over, the blood was dilute, mixed with saliva then. She was bleeding from her mouth. John's clothes were wrinkled and mussed, blood smeared on his shirt and trousers, Indie was moving, quite violently, on John's lap. Seizure, bit her tongue. A handprint of blood was on River's blouse, likely from John comforting her. Tiny lines of blood streaked down John's left cheek, Indigo's hand.
I think that is all for now, sweetheart. Give Jack a pat on the head for me and tell him that he is a good boy. I'll be by tomorrow to play you your song and to put down fresh flowers.
I quickly looked at John, a mixture of confusion, pain, and fear in his eyes, a mixture I was sure was reflected in my own. I could tell John was about to break. His soldier's heart that had been hastily glued back together in the time leading up to this conversation was falling apart before my eyes. He couldn't do this. I had to protect him.
I nodded and she gently patted my face. She went to Sherlock and he wrapped his arms around her immediately, bending down to bury his face in her shoulder. She rubbed his back and after a time, he let her go.
"There is nowhere to go, Sherlock. Nowhere except back to Baker Street to give that beautiful little girl the best months of her life. I am so sorry brothers mine." Mycroft grimly replied.
"John, we have to put her in her nightgown, she can't sleep in anything else! You know she sleeps every night in a princess nightgown! How could you let them put her in this, this is what sick and dying people wear!" his voice cracking.
"Alright, John, I will be in my study, make sure you put the suit jacket near the bottom of the pile, I want to open it near the end.
Raven curls flew past Sherlock and I and stopped behind Sherlock's chair. Another set of little footsteps tramped down the stairs and ran into the kitchen behind us.
One morning, John found himself at the bottom of the stairs, staring up at the door that he hadn't gone through in years. He crept up the stairs and opened the door, its hinges squeaking loudly.
It was pouring outside one Saturday afternoon when River and Indie came dashing into the living room. Both girls were in floral print t-shirt dresses, River's dark blue with white flowers and Indie's purple with pink flowers, with gray sparkly leggings underneath. People always assumed Sherlock and I wanted to match them, but they always dressed themselves and usually picked similar outfits because they wanted to be like each other.
"Perhaps we could find a stuffed one for you, darling. Alright, Indie, love, it's your turn again to look!"
"John, focus. As I was saying, they have been sleeping for approximately 3 and a half hours since I called last…"
All we had left were the little things that would become the biggest moments of our lives together with her.
The girls would…River would be waking up soon. My heart dropped into my stomach and I swallowed back the intense nausea that overcame me. I stood up, my knees trembling slightly, and clumsily made my way out of the room.
"No, Papa, you're lying! You're lying!" She screamed at me, her eyes now wild. She violently wriggled out of my arms and ran out the door, the dog following her.
This would happen every few weeks or so, until one day John had had enough and drug him to the local surgery to get checked out.
Outside the front doors sat two bicycles, one pink and the other a light purple. They had training wheels, a basket, a bell, streamers from the handles. They were adorable little bikes.
"Princess Indie wants mac and cheese for dinner tomorrow!" she said, sticking her "sword" up in the air.
He could only choke out, "River!" before collapsing onto his husband and daughter, embracing them both in a hug.
"Fathers don't usually see their daughters in their dress until their wedding day, so too, I do not want to see my daughters in these dresses until the party." He had said to me when I brought up the trip.
With that he slipped down the stairs to Mrs. Hudson's flat, where he had been staying in her guest bedroom.
Loud bangs were heard as River flew up the stairs and burst into the room, tossing her purple backpack on the floor.
Fat teardrops began to roll down her cheeks, a look of disbelief on her face. Her breathing was rapid, almost as if she was hyperventilating. I ran my hand down her mess of curls and tried to pull her closer to me, but she pushed back against me.
She was lying on the bed with her eyes closed, her face whiter than the sheets she rested on, traces of blood still trapped in the dry cracks of her lips, her hair fanned out around her head. The only signs of life were her chest steadily rising and falling and the beeping from the heart monitor.
I could smell the strawberry shampoo in our daughters' hair, feel the strong arms of my husband around me, and hear the giggles of our world between us. I never wanted to leave this moment, after all we had been through, we were happy and had the life we never imagined having, but could now not live without.
I sat down next to the love of my life and settled in. Indie squirmed out of my lap and moved over to Sherlock's. I handed Sherlock one of the flowers, which he also placed in his pajama shirt pocket. Both girls were practically squealing with excitement as we both looked at our cards.
"I'm not cleaning, John, I'm rearranging for the next case. Now that this case is over, everything needs to be somewhere else," Sherlock said, waving a pair of his black socks in his hand. He continued to buzz around the flat, complaining about how Anderson had so poorly handled the crime scene and the evidence.
"River Grace, could you get me a blanket from the sofa over there, I feel a bit chilled," Sherlock said one evening as they all sat together.
I looked at the doorway and saw Mycroft standing there with his hair disheveled and suit jacket unbuttoned.
I walked out into the lobby and saw that some guests had already started to filter in. Each child was provided with a suit or dress and their hair and makeup were done at Mycroft's expense. I learned not to object when Mycroft gave extravagant gifts to me or the girls. It was the only way he knew how to express his love, and by God did he love our little girls.
"Yes John, I suppose you are correct." He gave a brief, soft smile, but the sadness still lingered behind his eyes. We walked over to the girls and he knelt down to their level.
"I think that's a lovely spot for that one, don't you, Sherlock?" he said, turning to me with his arms crossed.
"River, love, how are you? You look well, how has the hospital been?" John said, smiling from ear to ear, "come in Michael, have a seat. Tea anyone?"
I picked her up and cradled her against my shoulder, her sobs growing louder and louder. I felt tears running down my face as I cuddled her.
Sherlock became more restless, where were they? They were always home by 3:30, always. Nothing seemed amiss this morning, the girls were happy, John was smiling. Were they kidnapped, hit by a car? He ran his fingers through his hair and chewed his bottom lip, a habit he had since childhood, but only showed up when he was most stressed.
Greg had also come by after work and brought the largest teddy bear in all of London, possibly the universe, and a giant cluster of pink balloons for his "Little Miss Sunshine." (His nickname for River was "Squirrel").
Indigo and I both broke into a fit of laughter, her voice already sounding less painful and raspy as she launched into the story of this morning's experiment.
Her pink trainers slapped against the concrete as she ran down the street behind the butterfly. It led her down several blocks, through several alleyways, until she arrived at the playground that she and Indie had most often played at when they were younger.
John secretly loved that River never lost the habit of calling him Papa or Sherlock Daddy. It was one thing that hasn't changed since she was a little girl, the days that he missed so terribly.
John laughed to himself, "Remember when we would chase Indie and River down these streets, watching them kick up the cherry blossom petals."
We sat for a few minutes eating our popsicles until we both were finished. I pulled out my phone and switched the camera towards us.
"You will have the loveliest room in all of London, River Grace." Sherlock said, "a room fit for a princess!"
"Hello, John, so sorry to be asking this today, but could you come in for a few hours? The main doctor has the flu and we are terribly swamped. It would just be until 7 this evening."
The rain drummed hard against the windows, making winding trails down the glass that flashed brightly with the passing cars below. The flat was quiet, Molly had taken River out shopping for the evening, giving us our first night alone in quite a while. I had gotten us Chinese takeout and lit a candle, reminiscent of our first night together so long ago. Sherlock and I spent time in each other's arms, lying in our bed in the dim room, talking about those far away days that didn't seem real anymore.
"River! Wait!" I shouted, my arms desperately reaching for her. I ran after her, nearly tripping on the sheets that had fallen to the floor.
"Ah, thank you, John, this is, uh, this is very lovely." Sherlock stammered out. He replaced the watch he was wearing with my gift.
Sherlock and John watched the little girl when her parents were at work or just needed some time to themselves. They relished in the feeling of a baby in their arms again, the smells of baby shampoo and powder, and the high-pitched giggles of a happy baby.
"Good evening, my darling, it's about 11 at night now, still March 1st. Papa went downstairs to tuck River in, you've been sleeping for about an hour and a half," I told her. As she had been falling asleep randomly, I liked to keep her up to date on the day and time and what had happened since she fell asleep. I didn't want her to feel disoriented and frightened when she woke up.
'Why is the sky blue, Papa?' 'Why do I have ten fingers?' 'Why do you put the cereal in before the milk?' A litany of questions poured out of her every day, with no question repeated. And we always had a satisfactory reason.
"Mrs. Jones wants us to write about our favorite part of the summer, but I can't pick just one, Papa."
'Thank you to all who have extended words of kindness in these last few months and I'm sorry I didn't get to reply to you all sooner, but I'm sure you understand. Grief still surrounds us. Sometimes I find that I'm gasping for air, trying to claw my way out of this fast-sinking mud. River is a wonder, keeping both Sherlock and I on our toes and keeping us laughing. But, at night, I find myself again weeping into Sherlock's arms, or into one of her favorite blankets.'
After breakfast had been eaten, I gave the girls a bath and got them dressed for the day, River in a purple jumper and leggings and Indie wearing a long sleeved dress covered with ice cream cones and gray leggings underneath. I left their long curls down, brushing them the few times the girls would allow me to before they tugged away and went off to play, River waiting for Indie as she slowly made her way into the front room.
"John, we should capture who they really are, not the perfect, polished version. I am not going to make my girls do what my parents did to me," he huffed and threw himself on the couch.
"Well if you're sure, Sherlock, but when I come for you all, they need to have their hair fixed (again) and make sure they look as perfect as when I brought them home this afternoon.
Tears poured down my cheeks and nausea overcame me, I felt so weak, so very weak and my knees buckled beneath me.
"No, Sherlock, I am not putting it away, not tonight," he said, pulling his hands roughly out of mine.
I felt for a pulse again and looked at my watch through a haze of tears. Finding none, I pronounced her.
He nodded his head and scrolled through some of the pictures on the TV screen he had set up. The group ones were the most entertaining, one caught Mycroft mid-blink, one had Greg turning his head, Mrs. Hudson was chatting away to me in one, and I was giving a glare in another to Sherlock for rambling on about the murder he had solved only 2 km away from here.
"You just had to tell them on your own didn't you? I was there, you could have included me, I tried to help, but you just did it all on your own, Sherlock. You have pulled me 'round and 'round every bloody corner of London and I've followed you like a lost puppy for years, but we are working together on this!" John shouted.
The three of them were nearly out the door when Indie broke away, came over to me, held out her little hand to me, and said, "I'll wait for you, Papa."
Christmas never mattered to me much, even as a child. I had figured out that Father Christmas was a fake entity by the age of 3 so there was never any 'magic' in the day for me. I let my mother dress me in my suit and I opened my presents with some enthusiasm, after all, a new chemistry set was worth feigning interest in a large man in a red suit. John came into my life and suddenly 221B was filled to the brim with tinsel and lights when December came around. I donned reindeer socks and tolerated Christmas parties in my flat, for John. I had no idea at the time why I did so much for this little soldier as the idea of loving him had not yet occurred to me. After we married, I contributed a bit more to the festivities, helping to decorate, letting John put a Santa hat on my head, and even standing behind John at the shops as he picked out presents for our friends. It was tedious work and I would, of course, interject when I knew the person he had selected the gift for would absolutely hate it. I think John appreciated it, even though he usually ended the trip muttering expletives with a face as red as those silly hats.
