He aches.
While Sherlock drives them, hands clenched on the wheel, cock standing up from his unzipped fly, dripping probably, aching probably, all over his bespoke trousers. The only thing separating them from the other people on the road, four tinted windows and a few extra inches off the ground.
“Don’t you want to see your dad?”
John touches him and touches him and touches him.
, he thinks for the thousandth time as he slides the thick end of the drumstick inside the finger of a latex glove and secures it by tying it off around the center.
John slides off Sherlock, but he stays close. His legs bent over Sherlock’s thighs, his arms wrapped around Sherlock’s neck, his forehead resting on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Is that what you do?” John asked, turning his body toward Sherlock. “Rent land around the county?”
In the light from the lamp he was a warm buttery gold, butterscotch and toffee. He would melt like a caramel on my tongue. His eyes, as he bent to put out the light, were a crystalline blue.
“Does it ever go away?” Whispered as Sherlock trails his lips over John’s stubble stippled cheeks. Brushing. John flashes, wracked by tiny hot shivers. Quicksilver, they dart through him.
“Oh, God. Sherlock.”
Two pairs of brown eyes squint at him suspiciously, and John is afraid that they’re not going to drop it, but just then there is a burst of sound from the crowd gathered in the room up the stairwell behind them that makes them both cock their heads.
it, feels it in his core, all of those things Sherlock can't say out loud, all of the things he says with his hands and his body and his eyes and his heart, John feels it
He tastes sweet. Of posh biscuits and warm sugary tea before they had headed out into the last minute holiday crush.
As Sherlock rubs the towel across his chest and belly, out of sight. The muscles in his back move. Bunching and smoothing out in turn. Shoulder blades flashing like rapier edges beneath the skin. Black freckles dotting his fine pale skin, a haphazard trail leading down. Down. Down to the dimpled small of his back. Two divots where John could set his thumbs, bring him closer.
“He’s trying to!”
Giggles.
God, he’s precious.
“Something’s up. Your bags are puffed up and you look like you haven’t slept in days. Is it work?”
Sherlock looks up at him with his eyebrows raised, his mouth a moue of displeasure. “Must we?”
You shudder, the breath shaking out of you.
John walks around and sits down on the sofa, his eyes meeting Sherlock’s in the mirror on the wall in front of him.
John’s mouth still feels a bit raw, scraped up from the abrasion of Sherlock’s stubble. John wonders how it would feel, rubbing over his belly or, Christ, up the inside of his thighs. Images flash through his mind. Sherlock hovering over him on all fours. The drag of Sherlock’s palm over his clothed cock. John sucks in a sharp breath at the memory and beside him, Sherlock looks down.
“When did you decide having to suck cock was an even exchange for keeping me alive?”
But I will promise you this: this is a happy story. And it will end in the happiest way. It's just going to be a little bumpy here while the boys learn how to communicate with one another. <3 <3 <3
Sherlock brings his knees up and presses them into John’s hips, his big hands moving over John’s back, fingers scratching through the short hairs at the nape of John’s neck as John moves once more to kiss Sherlock’s mouth, this time licking inside. Sherlock’s cock leaves a sticky mark on John’s stomach as John lowers his hips down, fitting them flush against one another.
Waits until Sherlock can guide John’s face forward so that John can lick a stripe up the veins that stand out on the dorsal side of Sherlock’s thin, hard cock.
“Hello!”
But there are moments when the memory of him is so sudden and so sharp it leaves you breathless. The tart burst of plum wine on your tongue at a Japanese restaurant in Pimlico. Licking the salt from your fingers after a packet of crisps. Being bathed in the cool lapis light of an autumn sky. The roses beneath your bare feet when you pour your coffee each day. The feel of your shirt buttons whispering through their holes. The spectre of him making the top of your head prick prick prick, the pleasure you took in him like a hot gush of blood flooding down your body.
“I don’t know.”
A burst of acid sparkling across the inside of his cheeks.
His eyes draw down the groove of Sherlock’s spine. Across the delicate wing of his shoulder blade. John wants to dip his fingers in the midnight shadows that pool in the small of Sherlock’s back. Wants to trace the distance between his freckles. Wants to taste the salt on his skin. He wants to kiss the silvery scars, the ones Sherlock got while he was away and the ones John was there to treat.
Sherlock is the first to break down, his face shattering along hard lines into heart-rending vulnerability as his eyes slip shut. “I need this,” he says, softly, slightly desperately. He puts his hands in his hair, agitated. “I have to. I have to have this. I can’t—“
“Stop. Just accept it.”
Brought to that place of ecstasy of obliteration of non-existence of evanescence.
The words crash between them.
“May I undress you, sir?” Sherlock asks and waits for John’s acquiescence before he kneels and begins to remove John’s shoes. Socks next, his hands curling warm around John’s ankles. He stands and works on John’s cuffs, his long fingers slipping inside to touch John’s wrists. John can smell him, the subtle woodsy notes of his cologne, the sweet scent of his shampoo, and the smell that is all his own. As John stands in front of Sherlock, his eyes closed, he can feel his body respond to that intimate scent that he has come to know so well. Arousal fires instinctively, an ember of heat pulsing out through him. It has the strange effect of steadying him, fixing him in the moment, anchoring him inside his body.
Of Sherlock laid out before him, pared down to some essence, some person John isn’t sure he’s ever met.
Sherlock’s eyebrows are arching towards his hairline as he rocks back on his heels, studying John with all the attention he normally reserves for murder suspects or corpses. John chews the inside of his cheek, a nervous buzz in his stomach.
John tries to walk backwards up the stairs, but they only make it so far as the first landing before he stumbles.
“In the kitchen,” John says and Sherlock nods and goes to fetch it.
“I’m not,” John admits, and the
The door is halfway open. It leans, heavy against John’s palm.
Fiddles a bit with the tie on his robe.
“Seconded,” Molly said, reaching across and laying a hand on Noor’s shoulder and giving her a grateful smile.
“Found it,” Sherlock says, pointing out the window. John furrows his brow, confused.
You could come like this.
When he’s done John smiles up at him. “Hi.”
“Huh,” John says, stumped. “Did you check your closet?”
, live without you.”
In counterpoint: the soles of feet pressed against the cool wood of the floorboards.
“…And sorry about the mess. It’s absolute chaos here because of the move. I can’t find any buggering thing I need. I could have sworn I had some on my desk. Hold on a sec’.”
“From the first moment I met you I knew that you couldn’t see yourself.”
Sherlock’s left hand in John’s, palm to palm, soft ivory skin passing beneath the bright circle as the ring settles at the base of his finger.
“I was getting you wet.”
Sherlock
Sherlock smooths his hands over his curls as he turns, then wriggles his fingers through them, fluffing them up. They fall, like magic, into place. “See you later.”
John helps Sherlock stand and steps to the side as Sherlock kneels on the blue velour seat. John shuffles around behind him, rifling through Sherlock’s discarded clothes. A moment later Sherlock’s mobile slots into the crack between the seatback and wall, the video queued and ready.
I can imagine the smile pulling at your mouth right now. You will be trying desperately to quell it. Your lips will twitch and purse and you will end up hiding it behind your hand.
a concept. What are you going to do without The Work?”
What would have happened, he thought, if he had ever said such a thing, outright, to his father for instance, when he was this girl’s age?
Excited.
“Where are my cuff links?”
The girl nodded as if this made sense, looking at the hives with new interest and a piqued curiosity. Most children would have shied away from the bees, taught to fear them by skittish adults, but she didn’t retreat, just watched them fly about with a pair of big brown eyes. Sherlock wondered how old she was. She stroked Carrot’s fur, her fingers sinking into the sleek coat. Sherlock could hear the deep contented purr from where he stood a few feet away.
“Come here,” John croaks, remorseful. Once Sherlock has lain down next to him, tucked close against him, John kisses the pout of his lips. Sherlock’s hair is a mess. John puts his hands in it, lets the raw silk of it wind and tangle around his fingers. Sherlock pulls up the duvet and covers them. Their limbs slip against each other, leg hair scraping, stubble grating. The edges of John’s mouth spark and sting. Their erections, cupped in the space between their bellies, rub against each other, eager, needy.
“I’m not.”
“I’ll have to go down and see if they’ve got any at the front desk,” Lestrade says, shrugging. He looks tan and John wonders whether his trip to the Seychelles with his new girlfriend had gone well. They’d have to go out for a pint soon.
But he can't seem to relax. The room watches him; the flat utterly silent below. Cold blue light illuminates John’s naked body like a spotlight. John feels exposed. It’s not rational. He’s home alone, in his room. He’s done this millions of times.
John clears his throat. Slides his gaze up to meet the cool blue of the other man’s eyes. There is a group of teenage girls at the other end of their aisle, poring over something on someone’s phone. “I suppose I’ll show you around, shall I?”
“Where is she by the way?” Sherlock asks.
His eyes pinch at the corners, smiling down at John.
Bending, John uses one hand to brace himself on Sherlock’s hip and one to steady Sherlock before he closes his lips around the plump head.
“How do you—“
.” Sherlock smacks his lips as if even the suggestion is distasteful. His eyes, slaked, fall back to the table. A brown package lies to the right, opened, but with the edges tucked into each other. A listing stack of files threatens to spill off one edge.
“You need something a bit longer.”
“No. It’s silly.”
John pushes a hand through his hair, disarranging it. “God, he must have done a number on you. I didn’t think it was this bad, but—“
The tenderness of it.
“Are you—“
“All right, you lot, look canny. Who has items of business to present?” Vivica said, pitching her voice over the chatter, and bringing the meeting to order.
John picks up a sliver of tuna with his chopsticks and wishes he had thought to bring up the tray with the ginger and wasabi.
He’s a mindless vessel and he wants to be filled.
That is, until he’d received the text from Sherlock to…
Your lips parted.
One of the legs snaps then and they’re unceremoniously dumped onto the ground in a pile of entertwined limbs.
You could do it all night. If this was it, if this was all you could have. It would be enough.
Relief.
“Darling boy, you’re not alone anymore. Can’t you see? I don’t want you to protect me, I want you to be my partner. My equal. I want it to be us, Sherlock, us against the rest of the world.” John’s hand slides against Sherlock’s cheek and into his hair, rifling softly through his curls.
“So then, after I traipsed all over London in the sleet and snow—“
Sherlock is studying him. Gleaning what, John doesn’t know. His eyebrows are knit. “You don’t want to go.”
“Are you sure?” Sherlock’s velvet voice in his ear.
“No.”
Sherlock looks back at him in shock. This man sees him in a way no one has ever seen him before. In intimate detail, in appreciative detail, in loving detail. It makes Sherlock feel slow and stupid and off balance.
John closes his eyes and breathes into the silence. He rolls his shoulders and his head on his neck, trying to release some of the tension that had built up over the course of the day. He breathes and breathes the cool air.
“All right, just sit with that for a moment. And when you can, explain it to me.”
I sucked in a breath as I felt it breach me.
class for senior citizens.
The giving over.
“Draw it out…”
“Again,” Sherlock gasps, demanding, “do it again. Again.”
"I'll walk you out," Sherlock said, knowing that his brother wouldn't appreciate Sherlock pointing out his inability to express himself, even if he could acknowledge the good it had done Sherlock, even if he could say 'I'm proud of you' to Sherlock as if that was something that they normally did. So Sherlock kept up his end of the Holmes code on their walk to the front door, reigning in his emotion, and broke it only as Mycroft turned to say goodbye on the front stoop, Sherlock wrapping one arm around his brother's shoulders before he could protest, and pressing a dry kiss to his cheek.
He lifted my legs and hooked my knees over his shoulders.
John should leave him to it.
“This lesson requires a more
“That’s it? That’s all you want?”
“You’d do it. To please me.”
And then, one night in the middle of August, John had received a text from Mycroft:
and I licked each flavor from his tongue.
Sherlock smiled and tucked his phone away. John’s house glowed through the trees.
John comes.
It hurt, in a wonderful way.
Sherlock whines around the plump cocktip in his mouth, his cheeks stained crimson, his lips slick and lush and a deep deep pink.
John chuckles and reaches for him, strokes his hand down his waist to rest his open palm atop his hip.
Smug git.
, he tells himself.
Sherlock followed him to the door, disappointed that they wouldn’t get a chance to say goodbye. He thrust his hands in his pockets and leaned into the doorframe, watching John step down onto the brick pavers of Sherlock’s patio. As the light in John’s sitting room flashed on and off and then on again, a bright box outlined in the darkness of the hillside, John turned and lifted his hand in farewell, regret and frustration writ in the thin line of his lips and the muscle bunching and jumping in his cheek.
The most spectacular shag of John Watson’s life. In the flesh. Looking stunning, looking posh, looking ten thousand kilometers out of John's league. The elegant length of him poured into slim-fitted gray trousers, a tight white tee-shirt, and a black leather bomber jacket. Looking just as cool and untouchable as when John had first seen him leaning against the bar the night before.
John meets his eyes, doesn’t shy from it, and braces for whatever will come.
Sherlock nodded, feeling immense relief at these words. A confirmation of every thought he had had since he’d opened the hives and found the tell-tale white mold capping the brood chambers.
John hasn’t let it go.
“Then let’s go
Idiot. Idiot. Blasted idiot. Polk obviously knew nothing about beekeeping or how to be a decent human being. Instead of alerting the community to his diseased hives as they had all be trained to do, he’d simply dismembered them, letting bees in his vicinity visit the exposed, infected comb and carry it back to their hives, dooming them in return. What kind of imbecile did it take to achieve such levels of careless destruction? Oliver Polk must be a living, breathing git of previously unseen magnitude. A certified wanker. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fucking fuck fuck.
“And what if I need this,” Sherlock gestures, tea sloshing up and over the rim of the mug and spattering onto the duvet. Irritated, Sherlock glares at it as he sets it down on the bedside table.
John folds his arms behind his back, looking up at him. “Like, Mother Clap and all that?”
“Stop,” I said, and he stilled.
Shuddering.
Feet shifting apart, squueeeeaaakkkkking on the lino. Spreading himself, oh, opening himself, you dig your fingers into the softness of his arse cheeks and pry him wider.
“They’re hard aren’t they?” John observes.
“I admit when you said that we would both need to prepare I,
“Menace,” Sherlock murmurs, eyes shut tight, head tipped back, the corner of his mouth inching up. And up. John wants to press his lips there, but lets him be.
When you pull away there is salt on your lips and his cheeks are slightly damp.
Water beads on Sherlock’s back. The hair at the nape of his neck is coming uncoiled in the steam, snaking over his creamy skin. His shallow breaths are loud in the quiet of the room, rebounding off the white tile. John tucks the fingers of his left hand into the crease where Sherlock’s hip meets his thigh and he can feel the throb of Sherlock’s heart, pulsing rhythmically.
John looks up at him. “Yeah.”
“How do you know that they won’t hurt themselves again?”
A man lies draped over the bed’s edge, dressed completely in black, his head bashed in. The 1,000 count Egyptian cotton sheets, once a pristine white, are stained a livid crimson. The Art Deco wall paper behind him is sprayed with blood and bone and brain. A crystal ashtray lies on the carpet, winking rubies on one side.
He doesn’t look up at John as he picks up his mobile and begins to tap out a message with his thumb.
He’s backlit, a figure cut from shadow, as he stops and lets his gaze roam around the room. Your microscope and bunson burner at the table beneath the window, your sofa and your desk littered with tea cups and toast rinds and haphazard stacks of newspaper, your violin case open beneath it’s stand in the corner, the pixelated pictures of nefarious criminals printed in black and white pinned to your walls, the random detritus that litters the floor around your coffee table where an ashtray sits overflowing beside a masticated apple core upon which the shape of your teeth are scored, like perfect fossilised remnants. For a moment you see it all through his eyes and you watch him carefully for signs of disgust.
“No.”
He’s gone.
“You like that?” John says against Sherlock’s smooth, cleanly shaven cheek. Sherlock, mute and breathing raggedly, nods. John, feeling the chafe of skin on skin as he works Sherlock a little faster, asks, “Where’s the lube?”
Sherlock was loath to admit it, but whatever had happened last night, it had served to forge the bond with John Watson that he had been trying to form since he first took the job as his assistant. And, unsettling enough, it had gone both ways.
“Do you have any first aid things?” John asked, looking at Sherlock circumspectly from beneath a furrowed blonde brow. He was neatly put together, Sherlock thought, taking him in for the first time. Trimmed silver-blonde hair that he had raked to one side with his fingers. Freshly pressed blue and white checked shirt, buttoned up to his throat. His jeans were clean and unwrinkled, his brown shoes worn but obviously taken care of. Polished even. Military, Sherlock thought, the word floating through his mind without landing.
Sherlock’s voice shakes a little as he continues. “At a moment when I was completely vulnerable I had an acquaintance, who took the police call, show up in my bedroom. My neighbor then arrived, thinking I was in need of medical assistance. Then my brother, my friends…” He trailed off, a tremor running through him. “All of these people were invited in without my consent at one of my lowest moments and the decision to divulge any of the very private experience I was going through was stolen from me. Explanations of a deeply personal nature had to be made, and will continue to be required of me. Things I would have chosen to share with only one or two of them are now known to all and I’ll carry that stigma with me now. I’ll have to weather their concern, their invasive questions, their judgment. It will change the way they see me, the way they treat me.” Sherlock brushed at the tears tracking down his cheeks, his nose clotted with snot and running. He dabbed at it with the cuff of his shirt, wishing he had thought to bring a box of tissues to the table.
“Christ, it’s rank with sex in here.”
Thank you to Violet for the really cracking, just absolutely perfect prompt: domming from the bottom, as well as to you other wonderful people who submitted ideas on Twitter. I'll do my best to work them in if I can!
The movement jostles the beads, pushing them deeper as Sherlock moves underneath him and fuck, John isn’t going to last much longer.
“No, this is good,” John says, preferring the way Sherlock has done it, with John’s arms bracketing his ears and his hands above his head. It mitigates how exposed John feels.
—and simultaneously feeding Sherlock more inches of his cock.
“Sherlock. I’m not—“
The waggle dance
"And you," Sherlock said, watching as Mycroft got into the backseat of his black town car and the driver backed them down the drive.
John is only too happy to oblige him.
John shakes his head—his fringe is still glinting madly with the stuff—and tugs Sherlock down to close the remaining distance between them.
John grips him, two handfuls. His fingertips sinking into his skin like the most pliable, supple dough.
“Overwhelm you how?”
“I have been, but something you said resonated with me and I’m rethinking my approach. If it’d be alright, I’d like to get your perspective.”
He doesn’t hold back those parts from John. Sherlock gives all of himself. Has done, from the very first day.
, as John presses his thumbs in,
“John.” Sherlock had stuck his hand out and John was sure that if he didn’t stop him, Sherlock would say something inane and ridiculous like, “To the best of times,” and he would walk out of John’s life. Forever.
When he walks back into the bedroom he has a plan.
When you did not move, I reached out and took your hand, tugging you forward until you were perched stiffly across my knees.
And instead of safely burying all the pain, the fear, the panic, the doubt, Sherlock feels it rush through him, a savage, tearing, roaring flood, and out.
“Truer words,” Claire says blandly, and takes a step into the aisle to her left, her eyes flitting between her watch and their faces once more. “Best of luck to you both.”
John watches as Sherlock realises he’s being watched. The slight jerk of his head to the side as he catches sight of John in the corner of his eye, bent over his feet. The tension that ripples through him and then the release when he registers who it is. Slowly, he straightens.
“Dad! You have to come, you have to come right now. RIGHT. NOW. DAD. COME. ON.” It was Charlotte, out of breath and giddy. She brought the smell of hay and cold night air in with her as she ran to her father and grabbed his hand, pulling with all her might.
“Mmm, no.”
right
Sherlock had thirty hives in total, spread across the town. Today he would drive out to Cloversweet Hill, Ellen and Zoe Edicott’s farm, and visit the hives he kept there. He would have to check his journal beforehand, but he knew off the top of his head that three of the ten hives needed fresh base boards, one a new telescoping cover, and one or two were in need of sugar syrup supplementing. He would also need to check the hives for mite levels and, if necessary, treat them all with a dose of thymol. Sherlock also made a mental note to bring a case of honey with him, part of the rent he paid to keep his bees on the Edicott’s property and for the use of their farm’s name on his honey bottles. Sherlock liked Ellen and Zoe more than most other humans. Ellen was a tall red-headed woman with an even temperament and a level head. She was also teaching herself to play chess, which was a mark of fine character and intelligence in Sherlock’s book. Zoe was much like her wife, quiet and calm, but shorter, with a head of close-cropped chestnut curls, a dry sense of humour, and a big infectious laugh. She was the mechanic in the family and Sherlock often consulted her help on engineering matters. Their teenage daughter, Hayley, helped Sherlock with the honey harvest during the summer and had made him grudgingly adjust his assessment of teenagers as a lazy vapid lot, by being a bright, responsible young woman who did not balk at hard work.
know. And.” Swallowing. “I want…”
“Stand up,” I croaked, desperate. My cock stood out from my body, dark red and straining towards him, and I stroked it a few times as John slid down and off. “Turn around,” I said, the words scraping up my raw throat.
Sherlock swallowed hard. “Yes, well, you’ll be happy to know that I’m resigned to living.”
“Except for last night.”
John expected, when looked at from the outside, his life had been well and thoroughly wrecked and ruined.
“You’ve made yourself a wonderful support system here,” Mycroft said, pausing in the door frame. “Many people who care for you showed up today to make sure you were ok." Mycroft's dark eyes studied Sherlock. "You’re healing something here, some wound our father tried to pass down to us. I can see it in you, something has shifted. I know it can’t be easy. For what it’s worth, I’m proud of you, Sherlock.”
Sherlock had shrugged, as if this wasn’t something to be concerned with, however John found that it concerned him a great deal. “I’ll set up my chemistry lab. Maybe I’ll become a distinguished horticulturalist in my old age.” Sherlock's mouth tugged wider and wider, into that charming, boyish smile he had sometimes when he was at home, guards down. “Or we could raise chickens perhaps.”
Gagging for more.
“Better late than never, John, but you don’t have to throw a wobbly over it. It doesn’t make you gay you know. I hope your therapist had the gumption to tell you that at the very least.”
It’s them.
“Ok. Ok. Roll up for me.”
“And haven’t I been the same for you?”
“I forgive you.”
“Oh,” John exclaims, surprised.
John’s hand begins to exert more pressure, taking a handful of Sherlock’s curls and guiding him, pushing him down, down on his cock, until Sherlock’s throat is raw and singed and tears smart at the corners of his eyes. John, sensing this, tugs and pulls Sherlock up and off, his dark eyes boring into Sherlock’s for just a second as Sherlock works that huge cock in his hand. The look burns through Sherlock, and he knows that if they were alone that John would have kissed him right then. Sherlock, imagining the rough drag of John’s beard over his mouth, the soft, wet texture of his lips, the insistent, claiming push of his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth, shivers and prickles all over.
“I suppose.”
“You smell incredible,” John moans, nuzzling his nose into Sherlock’s throat. “You don’t even know what you do to me. You drive me mad, Sherlock.”
The breath rushes out of him and his eyes slowly slide shut in relief.
The scent is green, sharp and sweet, like summer grass. John can’t see the bottle’s label, it’s one of Sherlock's collection of expensive black, matte bottles he orders from God knows where, but it evokes something inside him.
“Sure, that’s no problem,” John says, nodding and smiling, fulfilling his role.
He dressed in the deep amber light from his bedside lamp, his clock reading 4:43am.
John blinks at him and then up, back down, and up, his eyes sweeping over the room. A slow, wondering, awe-filled smile tugs at the corners of his mouth as he looks back down at Sherlock, and sliding his chair forward, cups his cheek. Sherlock tilts his head, letting his eyes slip closed as John strokes the pad of thumb over his cheek.
“Yes.”
John can see that Sherlock thought this would be enough for John to give in, and he’s looking up at John expectantly, but John stands his ground, his fingernails digging into his palms.
“Quite.”
John.
Completely.
“Yes, well, that’s Mycroft. Perfectly abominable in every way.”
The suite at
He thrived, however, on the exception to this rule.
John knows what he wants.
John picks up the dildo between them and runs the tip along Sherlock’s bottom lip, both of them bent close together, in a hushed intimate space.
Together.
“What is this?” I asked, prickling. My cheeks filled with a rush of heat. “Punishment? Because—”
John put his fork down and held his hands out in front of him, waggling his fingers. The pink caught the light and gleamed in liquid iridescent rainbows.
Sherlock looks shocked, as if John has just revealed something about human nature heretofore unrealised. He blinks.
“That’s it, get nice and wet for me. I want you absolutely dripping when I get you in my mouth. God, you have a gorgeous cock, John.”
You saw it, but didn’t stop. Your eyes blazed at me, defiant.
You turn him on his back. When he starts to say, fists rubbing vigorously at his face, his voice garbled and thick, “I’m sorry—“ you shush him soundly.
Sherlock licks his lips. “But…you don’t like men. You’re not attracted to them. You—”
Sherlock, with a flutter in his stomach, follows John out of the car and up the ramp steps.
Another round of goodbyes were said in the foyer and then the three of them stepped out into the chill of the night. John buckled Charlotte in and then they sat for a few minutes, waiting for Evan and Penny to finish up their own goodbyes and move their car, which was parked behind the Range Rover in the driveway.
He’s dressed in your shirt, you realise dumbly.
Sherlock closed his eyes again, his throat throbbing.
He sucks harder, draws the blood up to the surface to beat it’s hummingbird beat against his tongue.
It took twenty minutes and the hems of my pajama trousers were sopping wet and catching beneath the heels of my shoes, but I found him.
“You please me immensely,” John says, smiling, and running a hand through his blonde fringe. “However, I’d love for you to be comfortable when we sit and eat together. There’s a robe in the bathroom cupboard just through there. Go and fetch it, yes? I’ll pour us some wine.”
You touch the arcs of his ribs, run your hands down his sides to the soft plane of his belly, over the flesh of his hips, to gently grip his thighs. He gazes up at you, open, expectant, whatever emotion had overcome him before, sadness, fear, has been pushed back, reined in. His eyes are black in the low light, his skin buttery and soft in the lamplight, hair tousled, his ash-blonde fringe swept off his brow and finger-raked to the side. He’s deceptively small, lying there in the middle of your queen sized bed. His presence is larger than the space he takes up physically. He’s powerful and solid and hardened by army training. Lightly muscled, he’s toned from regular exercise, the edge of his jaw sharp from discipline and exhaustion. His eyes are lined at the edges with worry and laughter both and there are bags beneath that speak of sleepless nights. He’s soft at his middle with muscle that bunches beneath when your thumbs stroke him there. He’s got a lovely big cock. Bigger than he should have, but you’re growing used to the way he contradicts himself. He’s unselfconscious in that way doctors are, used to bodies and their irregularities. His hands rest, one on his chest, one on the bed at his side, and he doesn’t fidget beneath your scrutiny as you think you might if the tables were turned. He’s smiling up at you, that half smile you’re coming to know means he’s pleased, or maybe, surprised. It lights his eyes from behind, softens the darkness of them. You’ll build a cathedral out of him later, in some secret corner of your mind palace, a place you can kneel in, just as you are now, and worship.
“You promised,” he says, breathless and clutching at the back of your head as you lick into his mouth. He says it, but you’re not paying him any mind. You can’t when you have so much else to focus on. Like shoving your thigh between his legs and letting him rock against you with a long, low moan. He grinds down and you can feel the bloodhot skin of the entrance to his body, can feel the soft weight of his bollocks and the short crinkly hairs around the base of his cock.
John is frozen in place, unsure how to proceed. Does he acknowledge that he knows this man? Will he then have to awkwardly come up with some inane reason how they know each other to feed Claire, who is technically his boss’s boss? Because he certainly cannot tell her the truth. Right?  Going to a gay bar and having anonymous sex is definitely not a part of the approved rehabilitation program. Oh God, if the man is a new donor or board member it can’t reflect well on The Bede for one of its participants to have behaved the way John did last night.  Indeed, if this man is Important, then John is well and properly fucked, isn’t he?
Oh, the dark promise in those words, in John’s suggestive tone, it makes Sherlock go boneless.
“I thought this was meant to be a short term program,” he says, and John feels the statement hit like the blunt edge of an insult.
“Harold fucking Stackhurst.” John growled under his breath, having the presence of mind to do up my buttons before he began to put himself to rights.
“London,” Sherlock says. Parsing, “Rain. Petrol. Cigarette smoke. Woodsmoke. Asphalt. Some old woman’s moldering Yorkie. The Tube was a nightmare. You walked home.”
John bears down and Sherlock pushes deeper, curling up. Seeking.
John stares at Sherlock’s belly button. It’s his fixed point. Everything else recedes.
“Oh, my god. You’re perfect.”
You shake your head, furious with yourself, eyes still screwed tight.
Beads. Three different types of butt plugs. A vibrator. Something that looks suspiciously like a large rubber washer. A bottle of expensive lube.
“I trust your judgment. You know M better than I do.”
“That you would…” Sherlock squirms a little on his knees, hips swaying and back bowing in a way that John supposes is supposed to be a clue.
“Sherlock—”
He could touch Sherlock’s naked body and kiss him and want Sherlock to put his tongue up his arse and it was all fine.
Sherlock picks up the bowl and sets it down on the chair to his right. Does the same to their wine glasses. Leans in, across John’s lap. Hands bracketing John’s hips.
It’s their story.
“Well, they do little else.”
“What?”
Stroking.
John moans and slurps off. His face is drenched, but he doesn’t take the time to wipe it away as he turns around.
They continue on in the direction they were heading, past Soho and into Holborn. The building that they pull up to is a nondescript strip of terraced flats on Bloomsbury Square. The portico is painted white with a black door and a shiny brass knocker, almost identical to Baker Street.
“I have to have you,” John said into my ear as the allegro swelled around us. “I have to have you right now.”
Sweet.
He steps forward, one polished boot slipping between your feet, and he settles against you, leaning into you, and you almost moan at the sensation. At the weight and the heat of him. The smell of him just teasing at your senses, cedar and musk and sweat. The moan catches in your throat and comes out strangled and quiet. A shocked, desperate, pleading sort of sound. A revealing sort of sound. Your heart in his hand. Beating a similarly traitorous tattoo. Your body betraying you at every angle. Offering your secrets up, one by one.
“Yes,” Sherlock breathes, wanting that very, very much, as he slips deeper into the head space he needs. He hears the brief scrape of the wood on the tile floor and John’s warm hand briefly cupping the back of his left ankle before he settles back down into his seat.
But Sherlock doesn’t have time for one more mystery right now. He has to focus all his attention on Moriarty or it will all fall apart. Or, to be more accurate, Sherlock will fall apart.
I wanted to kiss him just now, him propped up against my body as I lay on my side, his broad back nestled against my thighs, tucked into the crook of my waist, his legs stretched out in front of him with his feet bare against the cool grass.
That mouth.
“Huge!” Ellen said, holding up her hands for emphasis.
Ani groans as if John is physically hurting her by refraining from sharing details of his evening. “Killjoy.”
“Always like what?” John asks, his tongue thick, the words slightly slurred. He feels like he could fall asleep at any moment, mess or no mess.
John thinks for a moment about the name,
I pressed kisses to his fluttering stomach, his hip, and the tiny black mole peeking just above the waistband of his boxers.
“You look absolutely ridiculous,” John says, folding his arms across his chest and resolutely ignoring the way his prick is swelling against the fly of his jeans.
“It matters how we meet this, Sherlock. If we meet it from a place of fear, a place of doubt and insecurity, then it will be unbearable. But what if we met it from a place of strength and security? A place of knowing that we did everything we could? That we spent the time we had left well? Spent that time together? I could face anything if I could look you in the eye at the end and know that we chose this, that we chose to stand together, that we chose to do the right thing, even if it’s the hard thing.”
They’re soon sticking together, the air beneath the duvet hot and humid. Sherlock throws off the blanket and wets his fingers with the lube on the bedside table, returns them to John’s aching body. John rocks his hips mindlessly, rubbing the head of his cock against Sherlock’s, as Sherlock presses his fingers deep, stroking John’s prostate too lightly. Teasing. None of it’s enough. Pleasure shimmers just out of reach, mirage-like, diffuse.
“No?”
“Christ,” murmured as he watches where he’s slowly pumping in and out of you. At where you are stretched out around his knuckles. At where you are splayed open for him, knees spread wide on the dark grey sheets. He shifts, lying down beside you, pressed close, and you turn into him, wrap a leg over his hip, and tremble as he pushes deeper. Deeper. Like he kisses you. Deeply. His tongue licking into your mouth as he strokes inside you. Close. So close. Cocks slotted into place, making a mess of your bellies between you.
— surveillance, Sherlock would have died that night.
John’s not sure he’s ever seen so much semen.
Sherlock thrusts, his movements erratic, pushing John half onto his back for a better angle to fuck his thighs.
“Are you going to wash my back?”
Sherlock laughed derisively. Sometimes it was like Chrissy didn’t know him at all.
You kneel.
“Mshk fhd fjdh shhkkk me.”
Sherlock’s eyes flicker back down from where they’ve been fixed on the horizon, on the past, and meets John’s gaze.
John was solid and familiar against my back. He wrapped his arms around me and took my hands in his, threading our fingers together so that his palms were pressed to the backs of mine. He raised them and placed them just below my collarbones, our fingers curling into the notches. I leaned my head back and nudged my nose into the space just beneath his left ear.
Deductions fire at a rapid pace. You can almost see him atomizing in front of you. Your fingers fly over the rest of his buttons. Gently you move behind him to take his coat from him. The silk lining is hot from his body and it seeps into your fingertips as you slide it down his arms. You hang it in your wardrobe.
“You’re always watching them.” Panting. Shoving himself down to meet John’s thrusts. Rubbing. Grinding. They both groan.
“Stop what?!”
The broken sound that John makes fills the room.
and it's been awful
"Not for long," John says, setting his mouth once more to where Sherlock's blood is pulsing hot and fast, where his skin is bitten and smarting, to suck.
. You want to keep him here for days and wring every secret from him. A lifetime still wouldn’t be enough you don’t think, to solve his puzzle.
“Jesus buggering Christ, John. Give a bloke a minute.”
“No, no,” he said, waving his hands at me, “you stay where you are. Enjoy your bath. I’m going to finish dressing and then head down to the bar. I’ve laid out your things on the bed. Once you’re ready come down and we’ll go to dinner. You have—“ He broke off to look at his watch, “—a half an hour.”
“Turn over,” John says on film, releasing his hold on Sherlock’s ankle.
John touches Sherlock’s bicep, curls his fingers around it, holds him there. Close.
“Stop what?”
Black and billowing, poisonous and thick, it filled my veins with lead.
“Has anyone been round to talk to the man?” Vivica asked, cutting straight to the chase.
“What is it now?”
“I’m Joanna Watson,” I said, offering my hand, to which you simply grunted and turned, blue tinged tobacco smoke steaming behind you as you made your way back to your chair.
It was that moment, of course, when the waiter arrived with our dessert and despite the inappropriate things we had been doing just seconds before, it was only then that the restaurant became aware of us because as the waiter began to pour chocolate sauce over our pastries we both lost the plot and dissolved into helpless laughter.
“Stand up for me,” John says, holding out his hand to help Sherlock down from the seat.
“You look great!” she says and John has to look away from the blinding purity of her sincerity. “Have you got a new girlfriend then?”
John pushes Sherlock’s hands away and slips the button through it’s hole. He pops the collar and settles Sherlock’s tie around his neck, quickly tying it in a Windsor knot.
- DON'T imagine Sherlock playing this and crying for his dead bees! DON'T DO IT!
The words spill out. “I think I have to move out.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
<3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
“Budge up here, would you?”
**********
It’s not that it’s not extremely tempting. In fact, John feels a deep longing to do just that. It was a thing they did now. Him and Sherlock. When John had had a long day at the surgery. They’d go to bed early, at the weekend sometimes ridiculously so, before the winter sun had set, and Sherlock would lie down on his back and John would climb on top of him and Sherlock would rub John’s back and they would talk about their days.
I pushed you back into the covers, shimmied your pajamas off, climbed back over you, and settled my weight down into you.
“Is your heart beating fast now, John?”
They watch him closely, cataloging.
I wanted only my name on his tongue, not some deity that neither of us believed in.
It brought our cocks into alignment and I shuddered, overwhelmed by sensation.
“He doesn’t care about money,” Sherlock says from behind him.
John groans. Pitched low and soft. Just for Sherlock. It vibrates in the back of his throat and John watches as, across from him, Sherlock swallows.
The man has been thoroughly debauched.
, which is in itself a fascinating detective story which might delight Holmes fans :)
“Thanks.”
John opens his eyes and watches as Sherlock reaches over and pumps lube into the cup of his fingers. There is a soft blush moving up his chest, flushing the column of his throat. His eyes are dark with pupil as his gaze meets John’s, his hand wrapping around his erection.
Sherlock wondered if he had put too much pressure on the bees. He had given up his old life. Maybe his expectation for the bees to replace that old life had been too high. Maybe the need for him to be successful at this new life, after the spectacular crash and burn failure of the old, had been driving him to put too much pressure on this enterprise to be successful.
“And why not?” Clara asks, looking cooly outraged.
“You said yourself, we’ll figure it out. We always do.”
and then
“And you’re willing to go talk to someone with me?”
Lets the movement of Sherlock’s mouth, crumpled to silk beneath the crush of John’s mouth, the hot slickness of his tongue, his big rangy body plastering itself to John’s, hands grasping, grasping, overwhelm him.
“Mycroft, why are you here?” Sherlock asked, his voice muffled by his forearm.
The position also leaves him extremely vulnerable to tickling, which Sherlock, unexpectedly, does, dancing his fingers into John’s exposed armpits and John is doubled up and giggling madly before he’s able to twist away, pressing himself back into the corner, heels scrabbling against the sheets, saying, “No, no!”
He saw the suffering his friend had endured.
“No.”
What if this is it? What if this is the moment? Does John want to throw it away? They can still turn back. Right now. They could. John could say no. Nothing would have to change. He could go to Harry’s. Get himself sorted. He could come back. And they could go on as they always have.
“It’s good?”
John sits up.
Sherlock threads his fingers through John’s and tries to keep up, head spinning, as John leads him through two couchette cars and into one lined with private sleeper rooms.
Sherlock glowers at him, but sits, glancing over at Jenny, who is watching John intensely. “Is she alright?”
“Relax. Breathe.”
“Lie down on the table,” John says, voice dark and low. “With your head at this end, there’s a good boy,” John directs him, until Sherlock is lying flat on his back against the smooth cool wood, perpendicular to John, his feet almost reaching the other end.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m sorry,” John says. Scrubbing a hand down his face. Jesus, he’s on edge. “Really, Har, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have assumed.”
“I’d like to get up on the counter and make myself come, sir. I’d like you to watch.”
John can feel Sherlock’s gaze on him as he lets the water course over him, chasing away the chill. After a few blissful moments John feels a tap on his elbow and they switch again. John reaching for the shampoo this time, while Sherlock rinses.
It resounds.
“So?”
Before he knows it, Sherlock is sitting across from him on the table top, his long legs folded up like a colt’s, and is twirling his fork through the steaming pasta.
John carries the ghost of Sherlock's touch with him, warm beneath his jumper and vest, out into the cold December wind. Like an ember inside him, it steadies him, drives back some of the numbness.
We love each other like this.
“What was that?”
John can hear it in his ears.
His thumbs move over John’s cheeks, his fingernails scratching lightly through his beard.
John lets his eyes feast for a moment, unsure if he will ever get the chance to do so again. He takes in the insouciant curls and the unruly brows and the Sherlockian crinkle between as he focuses on the pipette in his hand. The cut glass crystal of his eyes framed by the dark spindles of his lashes, the archer’s bow of his lips, and the moles dotting the fair skin of his throat. The rise and fall of his chest, too thin, always too thin, making the buttons on his shirt strain nevertheless. John’s fingers twitch against his thigh, the longing to slip between those puckered openings and touch the tender milky skin beneath, making them fidget and dance. The auburn hair glinting on his forearms, shirt sleeves rolled up to his elbows, the white ropes of ancient (and not so ancient) track marks marring the inside of his left elbow. Hands crooked on his slender hips after he’s laid the pipette aside, a few crumbs, from his figgy toast that lies forgotten on the table, dusting his trousers. He would taste of tea and jam and Sherlock, John thinks.
“And where are they?”
Sherlock can’t see John’s face around the flared cerulean skirt of the underside of his tentacles, but he can feel that he’s rapidly approaching his first orgasm. Sherlock can always tell when John is about to come. John has told him that the first one lasts the longest. That it prepares his body to take his mate’s seed and can go on for minutes, sometimes as long as a half an hour. His pink hole in the center of his body is pulsing against Sherlock’s lips, contracting around Sherlock as he alternates between plunging in and out and licking. Licking the thick, intoxicating juices that John’s body produces when he’s in heat.
Three sharp knocks on the Baker Street door one floor below. John was already swinging his legs out of bed when the fourth one fell.
All my love,
Sherlock lifts one laconic shoulder.
“Charlie!” A man’s voice boomed suddenly through the woods, stern and edged with panic. “Charlie!”
John nods.
“Permission to tie you up, sir.” He lowers his lashes, his tone bordering on obsequious. John struggles to embody his old self, the one who would have known precisely what to do with a boy kneeling at his feet. He hates his hesitation, hates that this is just one more thing that Moriarty has taken from him.
“This is going to solve so many of our problems. Having two of me at the ready.”
John hangs his head in his hands, he feels wrung out. That’s it. That’s his biggest fear. That Sherlock will decide that he doesn’t need John anymore. That John’s more complicated than a dildo or a smoke or a hit and and that once he realises that, once he sees how lacking John is, how uninteresting, he’ll leave.
“That was close,” I said unnecessarily, taking a sip of my wine to steady myself.
“Who’s that?” Clara sticks her head out of the door at the top of the stairs. “Oh, John, hello!”
Harry nods, her eyes raking John up and down. “Yes, but why is he lying?”
Waits.
palms smoothing over John’s arse.
“All right,” John says, dragging his eyes back up to where he’s working the vibrator in and out of Sherlock’s body. Letting it slip free, Sherlock’s hole flutters,
John goes.
The hum has reached a fever pitch.
Closed.
“What do we say?” John said.
“You,” I whispered into his skin, basking in his attention. “You’re quite glorious in the morning, you know.”
He can’t stop thinking about it.
It will take them time to repair what happened, but, John thinks, at least they’re both willing to try.
John shakes his head, unable to explain.
“Did it?”
“You’re not going to hurt me.”
“Later.”
“Is that an order?” Sherlock says, his deep voice a mere whisper in the quiet of the room.
“John, I’m—“ the last word is bitten off, but John gets the gist of it. He moves his hand down to the base of Sherlock’s cock and circles it tightly, stemming the flow of blood.
“Is that all you needed?”
The sharp scent of crushed grass rises from their feet as they make their way back to the garden wall. Twilight settles over them, blue and trembling. It will be dark soon.
Sherlock stepped into the foyer beside John and began to sidle down the hallway wall towards the kitchen. Above, they could hear a startled sound as Edith woke up Charlotte. John wrapped his hands around the stairwell spindles and called, “Mum, leave Charlotte alone and come down. I’ll make you a cuppa.” He looked at Sherlock ruefully. “Sorry ‘bout all this. We’ll have to take a raincheck on the getting-to-know-you conversation.”
Sherlock.
“The tuition is astronomical,” John said with chagrin. “But they offer scholarships.”
You take his hips and bring him back towards you, you bury your face in him, bury your tongue in him. Let the sea close up over you, burying you in all that clear blue light.
It will remain one of the only officially unsolved in your index I believe. Unofficially, however…
The thump of his phone on the nightstand is gratifying.
“—really should know better than to start with a dildo of that size. You’re lucky you didn’t tear anything.” A pause. “You didn’t did you?”
“Fucking filthy.”
Close.
“Sherlock, you’re cold.”
Once you read this, come find me. We can toast Amelia Cartwright, who you let go with a warning, and who is, hopefully, still free and wrecking some quieter havoc somewhere as the dread pirate Robin Hood, somewhere beyond Mycroft’s reach and a lengthy prison sentence.
Sherlock couldn’t help himself, he chuckled. He regretted it a bit because Charlotte blushed and her eyes widened and she said, “What?”, a little defensively, assuming that he was laughing at her ignorance.
, he says on the back of a photo of the sky at sunset, looking like it was doused in petrol and set on fire.
A huge huge thank you to
Inside the elevator, Sherlock says, “I should go. I should have, already. But, I honestly never expected to—“
It still made me cringe to think of the arrogance with which I had typed those words. I had stood on Mike Stamford’s stoop, incensed not to find Pompey at home. Pompey was a keen little foxhound with a knack for tracking and I had used him on one or two occasions to great success. To find that Stamford had trained him as a therapy dog and given him to a friend with PTSD had made me livid and thoroughly annoyed. It had never occurred to me back then that I wouldn’t receive what I needed. And so I sent those texts, rapid fire. Zero tact. All bravado. I wasn’t above blackmail as that last line attests to. I hadn’t even said please. It was a wonder that John had come that day. It was a miracle that his curiosity and boredom had proved a match for my pride.
Sherlock nods, a half smile playing on his lips, as he bends. His curls brush softly against John’s forehead and cheeks as Sherlock gives him a quick peck on the mouth.
And, yes, of course I asked him to marry me.
“John.”
There’s trees all around, pressing in close against the windows.
“I dropped it.”
and feels his fingers holding John open, opening him, pulling him open.
“All in favor?”
He kept his windows rolled down for the drive over to Ellen and Zoe’s, letting the mineral tang of the salt breeze from the nearby sea prickle the inside of his nose and stream through his fingers in a cool, tingling rush. The hills were still carpeted in a lush green, interspersed with fields sporting large ochre-hued wheels of mown hay, the trees caught in mid-metamorphosis: leaves of gold, persimmon, crimson, and lime all mixing together in a kaleidoscope of colour. Fall was Sherlock’s favourite time of year and he savoured every minute.
You, last night, asking me to seduce that woman. Watching her put her hands on me, wondering how far I'd go.
“I contend that it’s not. We’re retired, we’ve loads more time than we ever had before. Why, I’ve taken up with that book club even though I’ve hated every book they’ve chosen so far,” he said, lowering himself to the floor beside me.
“Hey,” he says, rubbing his hands up and down Sherlock’s arms.
“You’re mine to protect, Sherlock. Mine to keep safe, mine to treasure and cherish and respect and honor and trust,” John says, his words solemn as a vow, but there is a curl of joy at the corners of his mouth and eyes, unbridled, honest. “And I’m yours.”
He fell back, into pillows damp from his sweat, even though the air on his cheeks was cold enough to bite.
John kisses him one more time, deeply, before patting him on the hip.
Like…
“I’d like to finger you,” John says, “would you allow me to touch you here, inside?”
A simpler one.
“John,” Sherlock whispers. “Look at me? Please?”
“What’s the matter?” One eye slitted open, as he massages shampoo into his curls, a sliver of icy blue in the harsh fluorescent light.
“It’s supposed to be your turn,” comes the quiet rumble. The words muffled by skin and bone.
“What are we doing tonight that makes you think I’ll be worried about the soundness of your heart?”
Looking across the table at Sherlock, whose chin is leant into the crook of thumb and forefinger, his pale eyes unfocused as the countryside, now black, rushes by out the window, John can read the brittle, tensile quality of stress running through Sherlock. Their afternoon in bed had been a brief respite from the grim reality they faced. John, used to operating in a war zone, almost relishs the intoxicating thrill of adrenaline pumping through his veins, the eerily focused calm of his mind, the future narrowed to the next few seconds, minutes, hours.
“Have you been keeping up with the case?”
Sherlock kisses him, just a teasing brush of lips.
Sherlock, disrupting that maudlin line of thinking by reminding himself of the promise of the visit with Ellen and Zoe, shaved and dressed and headed downstairs to put the coffee on.
“It’s been months,” I said, trying to make him understand and feeling like there was a fundamental disconnect between the ways we were communicating. “I want to be close to you, in that way. I want to make you feel good.”
He was still barefoot, but dressed in black tuxedo trousers, blood-red braces, and a crisply ironed, snow white shirt with a stiff, starched collar. A bow tie hung loose around his neck. His cheeks were pink from my kisses, but his silver hair was still impeccably coiffed, swept off to one side and neatly trimmed, despite my attentions. He was rakishly good looking with three of his buttons undone and I wanted to have him just there on the rug before the sink.
“John—”
Sherlock, his hands on John’s hips, says, slightly breathless as their bodies move in slow rocking waves, into John’s ear, “Do you want that John? Do you want me to suck and lick at your tight little hole until you come?”
“See?” Moriarty says, black eyes sweeping John with distaste. “Utterly boring.”
The ribbon glided, slippery and cool against my flushed skin, as he drew it through it’s loops. I gripped the chair back and rolled my hips, thrusting slightly against the lace.
Sherlock thanks them and turns back to John as a call is placed behind the desk in discreet whispered tones.
“I like it when you talk to me, Sherlock. What does it make you feel?” John asks, wrapping his hands around Sherlock’s waist, thumbs resting beneath the jut of his hip bones.
Over Sherlock’s bollocks, coarse hair bristling against John’s chin. Drawing down the stiff thread of Sherlock’s perineum, and, briefly, into the crack of his arse.
“I’m a soldier, Sherlock, I can take care of myself.”
“I don’t care what the bloody buggering plan was, just get back here and fuck me. Please. I need you.”
“Thank you. These are things I would have asked you yesterday and I’m sorry I acted without knowing the answers to them. I understand that you were in an overwhelmed mental and emotional state yesterday. As I understand it, you were in shock and felt unable to answer the phone. What can we do next time you feel unable to speak in a moment of crisis that could avert the situation that unfolded on Sunday?”
“Quinny loves to give you a nice French kiss when you wake up. It’s tradition. Far be it from me to deny her.”
He played until the stars pricked the sky and Charlotte had gone to bed. And when he was finished, exhausted and emotionally wrung out, John was still there, leaning his elbows on the railing, his head tipped up to the sky.
“You’re very serious,” Sherlock observes, far too composed for a man in the nude, seizing up another equally naked man, who is currently covered in a sheet of bristling goosebumps. “Why are you?”
“Feel good?” John asks, and Sherlock nods, tearing his eyes away from where John is touching him. “Might feel even better if we get my hand wet, yeah? You prefer lotion or lube or...”
It’s usually at this point, when he disintegrates into mindless cursing, that I employ my best tricks and bring him off with a bang.
“Fuck me, it’s gorgeous,” he says, a little shocked.
“Does it please you?” Sherlock asks, unable to read the man yet. It’s off putting to say the least. Usually Sherlock was in possession of people’s darkest secrets at this point. Not so with John.
Sherlock huffs a small laugh.
Sherlock moans his name and if that isn’t John’s favourite sound in the entire universe he doesn’t know what is.
His eyes are very, very blue when he looks back up at you. “Well,” he says slowly, voice low and husky, “in deference to science and all…”
John sits alone in Clara’s office, absently repeating stops on the Victoria Line to himself. It’s a tic, he knows, from the days of PTSD after he came home from the war when he used to ride the trains, but sometimes it still works. John runs his fingertips over the arm of the sofa. The fabric is ribbed and it buzzes under his touch.
“Well, I am not like most men.”
John’s hands undo the tuck of Sherlock’s towel and it falls away, his cock springing out to rub against John’s stomach, the sheathed head nudging beneath the hem of John’s vest to catch against his skin. Sherlock gasps and breaks away from John’s mouth, looking down between them. The edge of the mattress is pressing into the backs of John’s knees, but he refuses to go down, instead reaching between them to circle his hand around Sherlock, holding himself up with one arm wrapped around Sherlock's waist.
Sherlock glared at her from his perch on the ottoman, trying to warn her off the subject.
,” John gasps, pushing his hips forward involuntarily.
Alas, Sherlock, while being a perfect candidate, wouldn’t yield long enough to actually ask for what he wanted and that, unfortunately, disqualified him from being taken into John’s care.
Who knows what would have happened. Let us relegate it to the ghost realm, yet another path untaken, for right then, just as John had opened his mouth to speak there came a high-pitched howl from behind him.
“Absolutely,” Sherlock said. “And please, call me Sherlock.”
Sherlock holds up the ring between them and the buttery spring sunshine gilds it, makes the light bounce and sparkle across it’s surface.
“Blue?” John asked, confused.
“Did you at least get to snog them?”
“Have you never…?”
When he is. He is all of those things.
To his right, goldenrod, at the end of its tenure, its leaves singed black with mold and wisps of deep saffron-yellow petals clinging to the green stalks, rubbing like chalk dust between Sherlock’s fingers. It made fine honey, but there were no honey bees here, only a few fat bumblebees vibrating the flowers with their distinctive buzzing motion, making the plants shiver and bend.
Tremors cascade down Sherlock’s back as he moans, low and deep, inside his chest.
John slouches down, spreading his legs as wide as his jeans will allow. The motion nudges the dildo forward, tipping it towards Sherlock, threatening to topple it over, and Sherlock reaches out and, genius that he is, takes them both in his hand.
“Would that be ok?” John asks. Sherlock nods. “Then yeah, I’d like that.”
John’s heart in his ears, pounding.
“We can spend all night coming up with worst case scenarios. Fear will tell us any number of things in an attempt to keep us ‘safe’. But this man is dangerous. To you. To me. To the world. If we don’t do something, if we don’t act now, who knows what suffering he will wreak. Together we stand a chance. If he can pit us against each other, if he can exploit any mistrust he senses between us, he will win. We go into this united.”
I nodded, silently entreating him with my eyes.
No drugs. No lying. No leaving. No dying.
“No.”
He’s so close.
John pauses at his frenulum and, remembering how good it had felt when Sherlock did it to him, rubs his bottom lip across it.
The entire neighbourhood must hear his panting, his keening, his pretty, filthy pleading.
Sherlock breathes out the only answer he has, “Yes.”
John lifts one shoulder.
The pit where they had burned the hives needed to be covered with earth, any smouldering coals smothered.
So when he had been ready to move back into 221B he had made sure that he wouldn’t be returning to the old status quo. Sherlock agreed to help with the shopping, the cleaning up. He would make dinner twice a week and when John cooked he would do the washing. He got a mini fridge for specimens.
John, encouraged, spins them, pinning Sherlock to the door. Hands braced on Sherlock's shoulders, John holds him still.
John pushed up onto his knees, the very picture of debauchery, his hair standing on end, his cock straining hard against his flies, his shirt undone and listing off one shoulder to reveal a peaked nipple.
“Show me,” he says softly, letting you, still letting you, steer. “Show me how to touch you.”
Open.
“Jenny, it’s ok,” he says, voice scratchy. “Jenny, come.” It takes a few more commands and John having to raise his voice before Jenny relents and comes to sit beside him, panting heavily, her eyes still trained on Sherlock.
John realises, dimly, in the absence of sound, that the dildo inside him has also stilled. John gasps for air, his fingers pressed into the mattress as if to ground himself, but he is spinning in darkness. He is lost. He is sundered.
“What’s that?” Charlotte asked, pointing to the squiggle.
What a sight.
Above, the clouds, snowy and plump, gathered in pillowed bunches, drifting in on a sea-blown breeze.
His cock is pressing insistently against his flies.
Sherlock’s eyes drag away, back to the road.
Thank you Margo. Thank you Violet. <3 <3 <3 <3
So when he asked me, “What are you thinking about?”, I answered truthfully.
John moaned softly under his breath, “Fuck, that’s hot. Keep going. Tell me.”
“May I?” Thumbs hooked into the elastic band of his pants, flush against the velvety heat of his skin, waiting.
John looks at Sherlock whose head is bent over his cuff, expression hidden.
“They just seemed to be egging you on a bit, you know? If they knew it was upsetting for you…” John raised his eyebrows and Sherlock could read the judgment there.
He didn’t know all the gradations that lay between.
He finds it sitting on his desk when he returns from lunch on Tuesday. His stomach lurches when he sees it. He stares at it, frozen in the doorway, knuckles white on the knob. Broadcasting to anyone who really bothered to look close:
John is quickly divested of vest, trousers, and pants and then he’s standing there, skin prickling in the cool air as Sherlock searches for a pair of ties in his wardrobe.
Sherlock blinked at her, his body hot with some unnameable emotion.
Sherlock mulls this over for a moment. “Lets set a record, and then, next time, we can try and break it.”
John’s stare is direct and intense and uncomfortable. Sherlock shifts in his seat and recrosses his legs. He picks at his cuff, pretending to pluck at a loose thread.
His voice ground down into you, rough, “I knew the moment I saw you.” They can hear you moan, those Thursday people, they must, they must be able to hear you all these stories up in the quiet unbroken night, all these small noises you are making as he whispers in your ear. “I had to have you. Had to touch you. Had to kiss you.” Tongue curling around and in. Fingers curling up and in. “Knew you were magnificent. Unlike anyone I’d ever seen. I had to, oh, Sherlock.”
John nods. “Yes.”
Beads increasing incrementally in size towards the handle.
When he swallows his throat closes up and he almost chokes.
John fucks him good and slow. His cock carves out a place for itself in Sherlock’s open, willing throat and while he can tell John is trying valiantly to be quiet, his ragged breathing and whispered words of praise tell Sherlock all he needs to know about how much John is enjoying himself. Pride flushes through him, adding to the dangerous feeling already swelling inside him.
Lightning struck, John cries out. Hips jackknifing up. Hot stinging blood like nettles in his veins.
Sherlock blushed to have been seen—
“I suppose we could try,” Sherlock says, and John squeezes his hand around Sherlock’s hip before stepping away.
Lets you dull your panic in the act of giving him pleasure.
in all my life.
“I do.”
I nodded, beginning to realize that maybe I had made a grave blunder.
“I’m really, really sorry that you’re going through all of that,” John says, running a hand through his hair. “I realize that this program might not be the reason why you’re here, but it’s been important to me, really important, and I want to respect its rules.”
Despite all his propensity towards getting himself embroiled in dangerous situations and taking up with the likes of someone like me, within that same chest beat John Watson’s heart and truly,
***********
You climb the steps, ablaze in the dark well of the staircase, with him at your back, making the hair at the nape of your neck prickle and spark.
“I trust you.”
John feels ice water break over his head and fall down his body in a cold splash. Goosebumps snap and prickle across his arms and legs as he lowers himself down to sit on the sofa, reclining in a position that is much more relaxed than he actually feels. He doesn’t want to appear to be rattled. He takes another sip of whisky to buy himself a few seconds, as his heart beats hard against his ribs.
Sherlock’s long legs wrap around John as they rock together. Both of them out of breath now, panting into each other’s mouths, eyes shut it feels so good.
On a perfectly ordinary Thursday evening in a perfectly ordinary pub.
My belt buckle chimed as he undid it and then slid it out from around my waist and dropped it to the floor with a dull thud. Without warning he sank to his knees before me and when he looked up at me, his blue eyes dark and feral, I fell back against the door, spreading my legs to give him room.
John’s cock sliding in and out of Sherlock’s willing body.
Safety, Sherlock thinks, tucked in the darkness with the lemony smell of wood polish and the sharp tinfoil scent of the carpet filling his nose. There had been no feeling of safety with M. Sherlock had never trusted him, and it was never encouraged or offered in the first place. In fact, much the opposite. M considered Sherlock, inherently, as an opponent. And while it had lent a certain explosiveness to their sexual encounters, it had served to make any type of trust impossible.
“John,” you breathe, feeling suffused with heat and want. His tongue slips into your mouth and you moan at the hint of whiskey still burning on his tongue.
The flat is so quiet that John can hear the muted whoosh of traffic from outside. Christmas lights from the flats across the street twinkle behind the gauzy curtains.
It doesn’t take long to prepare you. You feel a current arcing between you, a desperate urgency to be joined. Is he thinking, as you are, of how you might have met a year ago if he hadn’t…
“Oh, God. Oh, fuck. Sherlock you look so good with my cock in your mouth. Ffff—“ Incoherent, John closes his eyes and rocks just the tiniest bit forward. Sherlock, jaw relaxing, let’s him slide.
John hums.
John’s cheeks fill with a rush of blood. “I had a prostate exam.”
“John,” you say, a bare exhale, wracked by feeling. It cracks through you, fault lines you didn’t know were there, splitting, opening you up for him. You wonder if he can see it in your eyes. You wonder if you should hide it, if you even could.
“Shirt next.”
Sherlock presses the home button and the screen lights up.
For John.
“Right, shall we?” Sherlock said, turning and extending his arm in the direction of the hives. Charlie nodded eagerly, her brown eyes sweeping up to meet Sherlock’s, wide and bright. Sherlock felt an answering tremor of excitement ripple up his spine as they walked. The girl was dressed in pyjama bottoms festooned with an animated character Sherlock didn’t recognise and a pink mackintosh. The yellow boots were again in residence, her short hair held back by a headband with two bobbing ladybug antennae sprouting out the top, and there was milk crust clinging to the corners of her mouth from her breakfast.
“Just like you are right now. Like you’re going to set fire to my clothing with just your gaze.”
“We’ll be in touch.”
You try your damnedest to forget him.
“These are life’s problems, Sherlock. No one’s exempt from them. It’s how you face them that counts.”
Sherlock runs both his thumbs up the underside of John’s erection. And oh, God, it’s slippery perfection.
What the hell has John Watson done to him?
“Do you know why I’m here, in New York, Sherlock?”
“I’ll check the hall closet. Have you eaten? You probably haven’t had time to go to the shops, yeah? Feel free to help yourself to anything of mine. I’ll be back in a second.”
Sherlock shifts, turning his body towards John. With a hand resting in the small of Sherlock’s back John guides him until he is on all fours, arched over John’s splayed thighs.
Inhales. Cool.
“And what if there were two of me in the room?” John asks. “What would you imagine me doing to you then?”
The sun was high in the sky now. It shone on the slick river stones, bringing out their cinnamon, hazelnut, and bronze hues. The viridian river grass waved in the current and tiny silver fish faced upstream in a shimmering cluster. Across from him the bees were giddy amongst the pink blossoms.
“Why didn’t you let me go with you?” My voice was broken as if you had fucked my throat. I was raw with it. Torn. Split open from it.
Sherlock grumbles something incoherent under his breath.
John slides the vibrator out.
“Yes, well. You’re always complaining I’m not festive enough, and you’re right, I have never seen the sense in it until now.”
Sherlock hums and pops the last bite into his mouth, rinsing his greasy, crumb dusted fingertips and his plate in the sink.
Throat tight, John asks, “Did you make up the bed?”
Slowly
“What now?”
Sherlock chuckles and then leans in for a kiss.
“John.”
Hello dear readers,
Kissing Sherlock is a truly excellent escape, he has to admit. The man has a mouth for it, wide and soft, with a plump lower lip that just begs to be sucked on and licked at and nibbled. And for a man so impossibly chic, so impeccably cool and put together, he becomes delightfully flustered the more aroused he becomes.
I’m gay, father, please stop suggesting I’ll marry Ann Pritchett down the lane, if you’d be so kind.
“Like you’ve already won this round.”
“Yes,” Sherlock says, dropping his head down to brush a kiss across John’s mouth. “I admit I calculated wrong. I thought you were leaving me for a completely different reason.”
“I want to undress you,” he said, the words licked, hot and wet, into my ear. “And I don’t want you to help. Ok?”
“Could what?”
The past tense punches John in the solar plexus, forces the air out of his open mouth in a quiet moan.
Encouraged, John aligns the second bead.
I was home.
I grunted and started to pull away, irritated, but you tightened your grip just slightly, holding me in place.
Sherlock’s body brushes against John’s when he has to lean over him, his chest and half-hard cock rubbing against John’s back, slippery and warm. His curls tickling John’s expectant skin, sending tiny lightning bolts striking through John. Scorching. Sizzling.
“But isn’t that putting the responsibility in your hands?”
It’s enough.
“Yes and no.” John pinches the skin between his eyes together.
"Yes, Sherlock, I want that too." Christ, he’s amazing. “Describe it for me.”
“Look at me, hm?”
It should be for him that Sherlock is rolling his hips, grinding his beautiful arse down into his thighs, whose hips he can grip as Sherlock undulates and writhes.
to slap it,
I almost wished you would.
John wants to reach out and sweep the hair off his brow. Kiss him. Hold him. Ease him. “What else, Sherlock? What else would it mean to be mine?”
, I told myself.
“I need space,” Sherlock says, softly. John takes his hand back, his throat clutching around nothing. “I have too many voices in my head. I need to find my own.”
An interesting one, a really cracking one, and look: your mouth is watering at the mere suggestion of all the data you could collect once he’s naked and under your hands.
waiting…
Another tentacle, jealous, twines up Sherlock’s torso to prod at his mouth.
But Sherlock has set the bowl down in the middle of the table and is pulling two forks from the drawer to the right of the sink.
His palms pressed to the tops of Sherlock’s thighs.
“It is safest. Here, I cannot protect you. In London it is easier.”
“It’s similar, yes.”
Down.
“So tight,” he hissed, through clenched teeth. Rocking into me. Dragging against my tongue. I sucked, hollowing my cheeks around him as he slid. “You’re so hot and tight for me. God, you feel so good. You’re right. I couldn’t wait to have that chocolate in my mouth. I nicked it. But look at you. You’re just as greedy for the taste of my cock aren’t you? You want me to come down your throat, love? You want me to fill you up? You want me to give you what you want?”
John stares at him. Licks his lips. “I’m sorry. What?”
“Milk.”
Emotion.
John’s not fully hard yet. His foreskin still sheathes the head, but he’s filling, slowly. A steady pump of blood and arousal. Sherlock’s touch distracts him, pulling his attention elsewhere, dividing it, so that John’s mind is fractured and unable to concentrate on any one area.
“How do you do it right?” John’s voice breaks, uneven, words ragged.
,” John amends.
“I feel it, Sherlock,” John whispers into his ear, stroking the soft hair at the nape of his neck. “I feel it. I feel
“Five years,” Sherlock says. “Five
Sherlock’s mouth, wet and parted and sure, pushing itself against John’s. John opens with a small grateful sound, sucks sweetly on his lips, his tongue.
Sherlock’s eyes are washed out in the white light. John draws his thumb over his cheek to tuck his curls back behind his ear.
Where John can’t.
Happy New Year! May 2021 be kinder to us all. Sending love to you and yours <3 <3 <3
“Your.” Sherlock licks his lips. John can see the pink tip of it flicker into the corner of his mouth. “Nipples.”
“I’m not blushing!”
Sherlock sprawls, cream skin on cream sheets, as John kneels once more between his legs.
Sherlock moans and buries his face in John’s neck, his hands trembling against John’s sides as John glides his hand down, the foreskin sliding around the stiff line of Sherlock’s erection as John slowly begins to pump him.
“But—“
Shocked.
“And it can be synced to a music source. So that it…oscillates in time to the—“
“Like what?”
“Right,” Sherlock says, turning.
“Wetter,” he says, voice growing huskier, deeper, more commanding, and John moans softly around him. “I’m going to give you both at once. You think you can do that for me? Take them both?”
Sherlock felt like the deep well of a flower, a fount of sweetness that John was drawing up through him, his veins full of nectar, his lips supple, in bloom.
“You need something to plug this up?” John asks, and Sherlock nods. Nods around the tentacle in his mouth, whining.
,” you gasped, as if you were drowning.
Sherlock leans his head towards the door. “We should…”
“Why?”
John breathes. And. Breathes.
John looks at him in surprise.
John, watching him carefully, slowly nods.
“Good to know,” John said, his eyes creasing. “Unfortunately I have to get to work. My ex, Mary, is picking up Charlotte from school today so I could come over around 6? My mum’s nurse agreed to stay late tonight so she’s sorted.”
Sherlock is quiet and John is full of words, full of explanation, but none of them will come. There are too many of them. They are latent with a violence John is afraid to unleash. They are too heavy, too cruel. They will shatter all of this, they will break them. When he opens his mouth to apologise again, futile, Sherlock presses forward and kisses him.
“Again,” Sherlock says, breathless, loving the propulsive heat that blasts through him each time.
He can be enough.
John had got four fingers up himself in preparation, but that was nothing compared to this.
The car rocks and tips around a corner. John retrieves the lube.
“In hindsight, yes,” John says, chagrined.
“No one’s ever made it this hard before.”
It’s entirely surreal.
is hiding something, and that no one, in the history of the world, can truly inhabit the calm that John Watson exudes without a very, very good reason. And oh how Sherlock would love to find out what lies beneath John’s placid pacificity. His earnest generosity. His kind solicitousness.
“That was at least two questions.” Sherlock tugs tentatively on John’s socks and, slowly, John nods.
“I’d call that an unmitigated success,” Sherlock whispers, voice sleepy and deep in John’s ear.
“I wasn’t a great husband,” John said finally, apropos of nothing. “I feel like it's important to say that. I never pursued being a husband with much thought or care, didn’t really think I needed to put any work into it. Actually, I probably thought that was mostly Mary’s realm. Her role.”
John snorts. “Why’re
“I thought you said I wasn’t to lay a finger—“
John shifts, digging his toes into the soles of his shoes.
Sherlock lay there for a minute, pondering canine murder, utterly defeated by life.
“Ok. Well, there’s no need to feel shy. It all sounds lovely to me.”
He had done everything right. He had followed the rules. He had followed the schedules, the suggestions, the local wisdom. He had taken precautions.
“Yes. As in, bring you to the edge, but not let you come. You do this over and over. It’s supposed to be quite exquisite.”
“I would be a fool if I wasn’t.”
Sherlock’s fingers slip between John’s buttons and tug.
“Lie down for me, Sherlock.”
Wants
“I can be nice, sometimes,” Sherlock says, the corner of his mouth tugging up.
John rolls his hips.
“Fuck yes,” John says, jerking at his restraints. “Are you going to—”
“Alone protects me. It protects my family. It protects you.”
“How was that then?” He asks cheekily.
He breathes.
“Which one is it?”
“No,” Sherlock says definitively, shaking his head and catching John’s hands to keep him from moving away.
“Yes, I’m finished,” he said, picking up his gone-cold tea and taking a long drink.
Harry shrugs. “Sometimes you do the work and the work leads you apart. We’re partners still, it just looks different now.”
Just then John comes again and Sherlock, surprised, manages to tighten his hole to milk the last few throbs of come from the tentacle before it slips free.
His blood in his ears shushes loudly, drowning out all sound. His heartbeat in his temples, thud, thud, thud.
“I said—“ My voice was shaking. I licked my lips and tried again. “I want your whole hand.”
John smiles, grateful. “That would be great.”
Sherlock makes a desperate, despairing sort of noise and John licks it from his lips.
And John doesn’t take it for granted.
“Hello, John,” Irene says, looking up at him from where she sits in the armchair beside the gas fireplace.
“It’s not recording,” Sherlock says, quickly.
“Ah,” John said, knowingly. “Which prep school then?  Are you a Slindon boy? Bede’s?”
“This might hurt,” John warned, Sherlock’s hand once more cradled in his. Time was jumping forwards in small disorienting bursts. He couldn’t remember John sitting down beside him. This time John’s fingertips were pressed to Sherlock’s pulse, their palms resting against each other, steadying him, as John gently dabbed at Sherlock’s finger with an alcohol soaked cotton ball in his other hand. The pain crashed through Sherlock’s muted senses and he uttered a small unintelligible exclamation. John said something, his voice quiet and soothing, but Sherlock couldn’t understand him over the roar of blood that rose in his ears.
“I know what you’re doing.”
“Was it like you thought it would be?” Sherlock asked, curious.
Christ.
The sound scratches against the inside of your head. You draw your brows together, unable to place it.
Cants his head.
A bit breathless, a bit husky, a lot absolutely delectable, he somehow manages to go on, “And then I decorated the damn thing and dragged this mattress in here. Made it up with all my finest, softest, most luxurious linen. Laid that fire there, took a shower, started to have a bit of a wank thinking about our little interlude this afternoon, and, hey presto, here you are at last.”
“It’s not exactly a stretch of the imagination,” I drawled, leaning back against the tub and closing my eyes again. The water enveloped me, lapping at my chest. “I rather think that was you in my bed earlier wasn’t it? Doing unspeakable things to my body?”
Sherlock, who would prefer white, but knows that John detests it, nods. While John pours, Sherlock goes to the refrigerator and pulls the sushi platter from the fridge. He sets it down on the counter and pops off the lid, then proceeds to set out plates and the ebony black sets of chopsticks that John brought back from Japan. As John sits down on the bar stool across from Sherlock, Sherlock prepares his plate.
“I’m intrigued by that.”
John stands a little straighter, puffing out his chest, and comes close to losing it again when Sherlock bites his lip and speeds up his pace a bit in response. “All right, carry on.”
“Dad lets me use google if I finish all my homework. Well, and when Dad’s not too tired to supervise,” Charlotte said, rolling her eyes as if this happened nearly too frequently for her liking. “I try and draw pictures so I’ll remember.”
“I thought you had work.”
Sherlock and him are in their own bubble. The noise around them dulled to a distant roar, the light dimmed, them in spotlight.
John keeps walking, speeding up his steps incrementally as he rounds a corner, hoping it will be deterrent enough for whoever is trying to ruin his lunch break.
The short crinkly hairs on the inside of his thigh snap against the tip of your nose as you drag it up. Sweat thick and brackish smeared on your tongue. The scent of his body, strong and clean as black tea, as you breathe him in.
Two hours later, the dishwasher is running and the last of the crystal and the good Christmas china has been hand dried and put away. John is seated at the butcher block kitchen table. Clara and Harry are across from him like some kind of tribunal. There a mix of mini mince and quince pies and butter tarts between them, which they are all taking bites from.
. And John is wrapping his legs around Sherlock’s waist and pulling him close as Sherlock pushes
“Traumatic. Absolutely. I get that.” John finished for him, looking out the window above the sink, his gaze blank, unseeing. “I feel that way sometimes, about the war. The things I did. The men…yeah, they haunt you.”
There were thru lines running from John’s experience to his that were resonating in ways Sherlock usually only encountered in therapy. It struck Sherlock that it was John’s vulnerability and willingness to admit fault that had activated both Sherlock’s habitual response which was to fix and deny fault, but also his newer, less practiced reflective response, which was to challenge the ways he had been socialized. There was constant talk of toxic masculinity and the ways that men were brought up, but little to no talk about how one went about addressing it, aside from getting in touch with and sharing emotion. To Sherlock this seemed basic. He hungered for next steps and saw in John a rare opportunity to explore this, as it mirrored experiences from his own past.
And then John’s hands are parting Sherlock’s cheeks and there’s no more teasing, no more fannying about, there’s only the broad wet glide of John’s tongue over the throbbing entrance to Sherlock’s body and the long, shocked moan that it elicits.
were making white combs
“I like
John murmurs and whispers, gentles and soothes him until Sherlock unbends and lies next to John on the bed, his face buried in John’s neck. John holds him until his shoulders stop shaking, until his breathing evens out. For a while John thinks he’s fallen asleep, but eventually Sherlock peels his face away and props himself up to look down at John. John looks up at him, taking in the puffy, swollen eyes and the flushed cheeks. John cups his cheek tenderly and leans up to kiss him. Sherlock’s mouth is salty and soft now, sweet.
It’s another few moments of clumsy bumbling, as they get re-situated, with Sherlock draped over two stacked pillows, his arse tilted up, John knelt behind him.
, but he holds back at the last second as Sherlock’s eyes meet his with an impact that knocks the air out of John’s lungs because there is another piece, John didn’t think he would be so lucky but—
“Exactly,” I said, not taking the bait. “As I was saying, you couldn’t resist the temptation to take a short kip. You reasoned that the silver could wait and that when you woke up you would have a freshly baked cake to look forward to.”
John waits for it, the corners of his eyes crinkled in preparation.
John can clearly see the impression of the plug’s base outlined against the tight fit of Sherlock’s dark grey trousers.
His eyes don’t leave John's and there’s a softness to his gaze that John can see he’s fighting against showing. It’s pure unadulterated vulnerability and John aches to see it. Wants to coax it out. Lay it bare.
Teasing.
Sherlock takes John’s left foot in his hand and deftly rolls his sock, down and off.
The warm, still air presses in close around you, trapping his scent, sets it pricking in the back of your nose.
For one fleeting, terrifying feet-dropping-out-from-under-him-heart-plunging second, John thinks he might say no.
- shirt, our foreheads digging into each other, like we could exorcise it from each other if we just got it over quick enough.
“Shall I sit in front of you? Here at your feet?”
A text appears above the picture:
Clara winks at him. “Just a wee bit.”
John, smiling, examining a fork under the light, “Maybe we should ask Mrs. Hudson for her icing recipe.”
**********
If there were no guarantees, if there was this much pain and disappointment possible, what was the point in any of it?
“Sit down,” the man said, in a voice that brooked no refusals, rifling through Sherlock’s cupboards in search of cups and tea bags.
John’s blood turns to ice.
He starts at the top of John’s head and then pushes them out, dragging against John’s scalp, slow, slow.
John pushes in the rest of the way and collapses down on to his elbows. Fingers curling over the edge of the mattress beneath Sherlock’s pillow so that he has the leverage to give him what he needs.
“You did warn me,” John says, wry, but aching at this brutally succinct summation of events. It is just like Sherlock to cut to the very heart of things, tender parts unspared by the blade. Sherlock nods, his gaze still zeroed in on John as if trying to divine his next thought.
“You should come home early from work more often,” I said, picking up a knife and drawing it between the folds of my dishcloth.
Wipes his face and stands. His knees crack and he winces as he pulls his mobile out of his pocket. He flicks the level back to two.
You’ll remember the clear water falling down. You’ll remember the cool blue tile all around you. You’ll remember his head tipped back, body wet and glossy and warm against you, lips slick, tongue slick, cock slick: yours.
It leaves John intensely, almost painfully, aware of every square inch of his body.
Sherlock straightens and John helps him, catching it as Sherlock shrugs it down his arms. The wool and silk lining are warm against John’s hands as he walks to the table and lays it down. As John walks back to him, dragging a chair behind him, Sherlock has resumed the same position, arse presented to John. Despite the fact that John wants to get on his knees right then and take in that smell that’s already making his mouth flood, John resists and instead positions the chair where he wants it.
the soaked spongy head slips inside the taut rim.
I was not proud of it.
“Hmm, I wonder why that could have been?” he said, eyes creasing at their corners, irresistible, and I kissed him then, I had to, it is in the rules.
After letting the smoke take effect Sherlock used his hive tool to gently pry the top of the first hive off. Puffing more smoke into the top he waited another minute before taking up his frame grips and pulling up the frames one at a time. Sherlock sunk into the rhythm of the hive, keeping his movements calm and slow. He could feel his heartbeat sync with the thrum of the colony. His breathing evened out. In this immersive mental and physical state he worked happily for an hour, finding these hives in good shape and not needing much intervention from him. Even the hive he had planned on uniting with a stronger one had surprised him and, though on the smaller side, had enough stores built up to survive the winter. His relief was immense and he felt his shoulders release some tension he hadn’t been aware he was holding as he sprinkled the mixture of powdered sugar and thymol medication onto the top of the frames for the bees to eat and medicate themselves against Varoa. Closing up the last of the five hives and setting the final brick on top, he stepped back and took a deep breath. The air was sweet and cool on his tongue, his body loose and warm and relaxed.
He had never, ever, reduced Sherlock to the writhing, begging, blissed out creature he did that night.
Sherlock doesn’t avoid John’s penis, but nor does he pay it any particular attention.
“Not soppy,” you say as he comes into focus. “It was a way for them to feel connected.”
is similar in concept. It’s a place where queer people can go to be among their own kind. There is a sex shop on the bottom level, a bar on the second, and rooms for let on the third and fourth.”
John had texted several times over the last couple of days, checking in and asking if Sherlock needed anything or if he felt up to a visit, but Sherlock had gratefully declined. Just as he had done with Ellen and Zoe. He had needed some time to sort himself out.
“I thought I hurt you,” his voice caught and broke and I looked back up at him. His eyes were pinched at the corners and he looked frightened and guilty and that was…entirely unacceptable.
Sherlock seems to understand. “Jeans,” he says, and John is already thumbing open the button and unzipping, pushing them down his thighs before Sherlock can say anymore.
“Sherlock tells us you're originally from this area,” Zoe said, biscuit crumbs caught in the corners of her mouth. “Do you still have any family here?”
I pause here. I have written out the rest of our interlude in minute, succulent detail twice now and twice I have torn the pages from this book. I have sat here for four hours staring out the window wondering why. And then a little further down that path, the question changed to: why on earth was I writing this in the first place? I leafed through the pages and blushed at the intimacy of what I had produced. John’s pages outshone my own, which was no surprise, he has a knack for romantic melodrama, a firm grasp of plot, and a pretty turn of phrase, but, again, what was the exercise meant to amount to? Titillating pornography? An ageing man’s attempt to put down some of his life for posterity? But what posterity? No one save John would ever set eyes on this drivel.
Wet open-mouth kisses teasing up John’s thighs.
**********
“Who?”
John takes a deep breath. “Look, last night was great—”
God, he had forgotten about Sherlock’s phone.
The loose thread unravels, a helix spinning down into darkness, and John goes with it. Down and down.
John sets his teeth to Sherlock’s clavicle and drags.
The steam fogs the air, a fine fragrant rain. John reaches for him.
John turned in his chair, guiding his knees to either side of Sherlock. One hand slid along Sherlock’s cheek. His eyes were very dark blue. “What if I screw it up?”
Sherlock releases him suddenly, stalking away, and John gets to his feet. Climbs on the bed. Kneels once more. Waits.
He used an obscene amount of lube, spreading it all over his thumb and pinky finger, the back of his hand and his palm. I rose up on my knees to let him adjust and tried to steady my breathing.
Fingers tousling the satiny curls at the nape of Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock’s arms warm and heavy around John’s back.
“Be quiet.”
“You did so well. You want me to take care of you?” Soft.
Keeping him safe.
When Sherlock’s eyes met his briefly he could see that Sherlock expected it. He had flinched as if struck. He had looked away.
“All right. Say 8?”
So. I guess I'm writing this now??? Apparently being stuck in a hotel room is great motivation to write porn. Oy. Any comments are, as always, greatly appreciated <3 <3 <3
“Ok.” John waits to see if he’ll go on, but he’s silent, eyes downcast. Shy? Embarrassed? “This was a lot. I’m sorry. I think we should just get dinner…”
“Motion passes. Now, moving on, who has business to discuss?”
He finds he’s not much surprised by this fact either.
“I love you.”
A tug.
“Everything all right in here?” Ellen asked, taking up the towel once more.
Because once John starts talking, Sherlock is so fully transported past all the bounds of his mind and body that he almost, almost blacks out.
“You think I haven’t dealt with your type before?” Sherlock says with a sneer. “My last don was the toughest they breed. I know what you want. You want someone to order about. To whip and spank and call a naughty boy. You want me to make you angry, to disobey. You want me to be bad so that you can teach me how to be good.” He spreads his big hands on the desktop and stands, leaning forward, getting into John’s space. His voice is a low frustrated growl. “I’ve been acting out for weeks now and you’ve barely spoken to me. Barely looked at me.” John stills, doesn’t give up any ground. Lets Sherlock get as close as he dares. Lets him pout and whisper, a hair’s breadth away from John’s mouth, “When will you take me over your knee and teach me my manners,
He was cleaning out the flower beds in his front yard on Friday morning, tearing out the annuals, now dead, along with any weeds that had gone too long unchecked, and cleaning up the perennials which would come back next year, when he saw John at the end of their driveways putting Charlotte onto the bus. Sherlock paused, leaning on his shovel, and raised his hand in greeting when John caught sight of him. Sherlock watched as John looked down at something in his hand and moments later felt his mobile buzz in his pocket.
John nods. “Yeah, we have two who’ll be joining on.”
“A woman was killed,” Evan said, and Sherlock fumbled the key in the lock, accidentally scratching the wood. “A rich woman. And nothing was taken. Jewels, cash, it’s all still there. Curious, no?”
“I will do everything in my power to keep you safe, Sherlock. I promise you that.” The power behind his oath is ferocious. John is gripped with an overpowering, almost savage, loyalty to the man before him.
“Yes.”
“Thank you for sharing that with me. If you don’t mind me asking, how long have you been clean?”
Down Sherlock’s stomach, which ripples beneath John’s touch, muscles tensing, then, releasing.
John’s hands fitting themselves into the cool satiny notches between Sherlock’s knuckles, fingers threading together with Sherlock’s long white fingers.
To stay.
“You would sit on that chair there and tell me to go on. Not to let you interrupt me. To get myself ready for you; that you wanted to watch.” Sherlock moans and clenches his right hand tight at the base of his cock, holding. Holding tight. John sucks in a breath as a thin drizzle of precome drips down Sherlock’s prick, throbbing out of the cherry red slit. Sherlock takes two deep, shuddering breathes and then releases himself, resting both hands on the bed at his sides.
The kiss, like earlier, is surprisingly gentle while still being powerful. John has a command over his lips and tongue that makes Sherlock’s mind fade to a snow white field. It makes the incessant buzzing thoughts quiet, replaced by a deep glowing hum. Sherlock relishes the tingling sensation that travels down his body at the brush of John’s whiskers across his skin.
Sherlock nods, maybe a tad tersely, a tad impatiently, and John smiles. “Thank you for humouring me,” he murmurs, and leans up to kiss Sherlock. At the slide of John’s mouth over his own, Sherlock forgets his frustration. He makes a small helpless noise in the back of his throat and presses himself against John eagerly. Sherlock wants to slip into that space he goes to when someone else is holding the reins. There is so much spinning outside of his control right now that it feels incredible to give it up for a short time and let the whirring machinery of his mind rest. Remembering how good it felt when he was on the counter, coming undone just to the sound of John’s direction, Sherlock closes his eyes as John says, “I love all the little noises you make for me when I touch you.” He noses down to press his open mouth to the thud thud thud of Sherlock’s heart, and Sherlock, lost inside the sensation, tips his head back and makes another one. “Just like that,” John says, his beard both soft and brusque across Sherlock’s throat. “I think I’d quite like to know what sounds you’d make for me, Sherlock—“ Sherlock grips John’s shoulders to keep from falling as John sucks gently on Sherlock’s pulse. “—when I turn you over my knee.”
A tremor.
Sherlock’s fluffy white bath towels are laid out on the back seat to protect the leather. On the far side the brown postal box sits.
“I’m a London lad, born in Kensington,” Sherlock said. “But I did attend school in Sussex.”
I pulled on the hem of your blanket and you stumbled forward and down until you were kneeling in front of me. The blanket had slipped off one of your shoulders and a thin line of white skin peeked out from where you were clutching it to your chest.
Two lube slicked fingers slip between John’s cheeks. Circling. Running over his swollen rim over and over. John lets his head fall forward, forehead pressed to the wall as his body ignites.
inside.
John can’t breathe. Can only take in Sherlock’s air. The air that he is finished with. John will take it. Will breathe it in and let it sear him.
“I know. Just…let me…”
“No!”
“No, no, you didn’t,” John conceded. “And then, oh, God, what a day it was! Questioning all those Man United lads with Cyril and then going after that doctor with Pompey and tracking down Staunton at last. It was the most fun I had ever had.”
John’s fingers rise to his shirt front as Sherlock unbuckles his belt.
“Is this new?” John asks, tilting his head.
We had never had a specific bench. More often than not we were content to traipse about the hillside itself.
* * * * * * * * * * * * *
Despite the troubling fact that Sherlock feels connected to him on some deep and unfathomable level, he knows, rationally, that he needs to strengthen it if his plan is going to work. John has spent the morning sequestered in private meetings with Irene Adler that Sherlock, though he had tried, was not allowed to sit in on. Sherlock, frustrated, sought out the day’s schedule instead, and, seeing that John would be sitting in with his financial advising team on a video presentation about Novarsky Inc, the conference room had immediately offered itself to Sherlock’s imagination. Two large conference tables pushed together with a third laid across the ends, meant that if he were to hide beneath them and make it so that John was the only one seated along the far end, the chances of him being discovered were low.
He is quite simply everything I cannot do without in this world.
“What is it now?” Sherlock grouses. “If you want to know John, yes the boy was Mary’s ex. He’s a fisherman from Wales and he works on his father’s boat and he met Mary on a vacation in Australia. They broke up when he left to come back home. When he saw the photos of Mary in the press, with the conjectures of physical abuse, he tracked her down to try and help her. She told him not to bother, that Brack was the jealous type and owned a gun and could be unpredictable. The lad didn’t give up and came to the hotel tonight to try and get her to see reason and leave Brack. Brack, who was supposed to be out partying with friends, came home early and found them together, drinking wine and possibly in a position which was suggestive of intimacy. Brack threatened him with his gun and the boy cracked him over head with the thing nearest to hand, which unfortunately for Brack, turned out to be an extremely heavy crystal ash tray. Together with the mother’s help they came up with the story to frame the Lewisham Three who had been in the papers, so they hid a few pieces of jewelry and they poured off the two glasses of wine into a third glass to make it seem like there had been three people there. That is where the beeswing—“
Sherlock nodded, understanding. Not a pensioner, no kids. “I ran my previous life into the ground.” His throat clutched at the blunt edge of that admission. “Needed a fresh start, I suppose.”
. Purpose.
“Sherlock.”
John strokes his thumb over the back of Sherlock’s hand, encouraging. “Tell me more.”
When he reaches the top on his third pass, John closes his mouth and kisses back down. Soft. Chaste.
You smiled and my chest ached and I was happy. Truly, giddily, happy.
“No.” I could not believe it. “No!” It could not be real.
Sherlock gasps, the pads of his fingers digging into John’s scalp.
Sherlock’s chin jerks back and he looks away. Two twin spots of red pricking his cheeks.
But John is past talking. He wraps his hand around Sherlock’s lube slick cock and shoves down.
When he sits back down in Lestrade’s desk chair and spins to face Sherlock, he’s sitting on the sofa, looking only faintly disheveled. The color is still high in his cheeks and his curls lick the air like black flames.
**********
John sits up, knees folded beneath him, and says, “I’m going to remove the plug and ring now, ok?”
John’s bubble bath was eucalyptus and spearmint scented and the small space was filled with the spiky sweet smell that prickled the inside of my nose. It was an intriguing scent and one that made my senses perk up, bringing me right to the edge of arousal. I liked burying my face in John’s neck after he had soaked in it. It was masculine somehow, and assertive. It made me want to remove all my clothes.
And wraps them both around their cocks.
Sherlock held his phone cradled in his hand for five full minutes before he could bring himself to do it. Finally he swallowed around the bile in his throat and sent the text.
A subtle shift, a leaning in. Breaths shaking, pulses racing.
What he would do…
“You think it was your fault.”
An erotic memoir! What a novel concept. Leave it to you to come up with it. Are you cataloguing our liaisons, my love? I will say that the one I caught a few jots of is one of my particular favorites as well. That encounter on the overnight train from Amsterdam to Prague should be immortalized in an epic poem. Do you remember how desperate we were? Knowing anytime could be our last. That Moriarty was hot on our trail. That you knew you would have to take drastic measures in the immediate future. I am glad you wrote of the train and not the night in the hotel before the falls. I still wish…
Only when you’re satisfied that the imprint will last the week do you move on. Up the tensed bulge of his bicep, pushing his arm up as you go until you can bury your nose in the coarse hair that grows underneath. You flatten your tongue against it and swipe up, licking the sweat and the animal tang of his body into your mouth. It makes him gasp and tremble wildly. You do it again, scraping your teeth through the wiry thicket to coax another deep, broken sound from him, before you relent, and suck sloppy wet kisses down his side. He giggles and tries to push you away, his knees dug into your sides. You cannot resist his laughing mouth and you take a brief interlude to kiss him, sharing the musky-dark taste of his body between you.
Sherlock felt a tipping point of either choosing to ignore that singular a—it had to be intentional, didn't it?—that had just detonated between them or lean into it. Heart plunging towards his stomach, he chose the latter.
Sherlock does. He’s quiet, quieter than usual, and when John slips lubed up fingers between his cheeks, he simply breathes out, a shocked little sound, and then pushes back into John’s hands.
Is he?
, he chastises himself,
“Right-o, that’s my cue to shove off then. Nice to see you, Sherlock. I’ll put the express on those results just as you requested.”
John’s wondering if he aught to be worried when Sherlock suddenly slips his right hand back between his legs.
“You’re so good to me.” Murmured into John’s nape as Sherlock drapes his long bare body over John’s. His hands resting on top of John’s against the glass, his fingers stroking between John’s. “Why’re you so good to me?” John twists, torn open.
You can see, clearly, the long, thick line of his cock, hard and curving up, tenting the fabric, the round head teasing at the waistband of his shorts, nudging the elastic, trying to push free.
“How did the calls go?”
“Tell me,” you gasp, clutching at his head, at his fingers, his hip.
He’s giving something away here, but it’s new, it’s all new and maybe if John asks, Sherlock will—
He dropped his elbow slowly and blinked down at me. “What?”
“Oh,” Sherlock exhales, sounding surprised. “It’s all right.”
“Sherlock, Claire Bromley is a lovely woman,” I began softly, to which you huffed. “And she makes a delicious roast on Sundays and those soaps she makes with your rose oil and honey are truly wonderful, but I’m not in love with her.”
Sherlock remembers that night on the plane, the last time he and John had engaged in this pastime. How he had still been trying to figure out what John wanted. How he had still been trying to figure out how to trap and claim John’s attention. How he had closed his eyes and gone somewhere else in his head, approximating a naughty boy who deserved a punishment, not a man who asked for what he wanted.
“They’ll know that you gave yourself to me so perfectly, so honestly, Sherlock, that you deserved to feel every pleasure you wanted.” John drops the timbre of his voice, lets it boom in Sherlock’s ear. “Are you feeling it, Sherlock? Are you feeling everything you wanted?”
John picks up one of the plugs. It’s made of sheer blue glass and is shaped like a Christmas bulb with a heavy base on the end. He clenches his fist around it and realizes that Sherlock is still talking.
I walked up the hill from the village, waded through your fields sown wild with thistle and thyme and betony and hyssop and sage and rue and every other sort of flower and herb I didn’t yet know the name of, and there was your cottage sitting in the plum purple shade of an elm grove.
“Sherlock, can I have a moment?” Evan asked, coming to stand in front of them.
The night in question, well, let us just say that I was in rare form.
“To be honest I’m not entirely sure where I went wrong.”
“It’s not asking so much of me, is it? To do this for him?”
When Sherlock climbs back on top he straddles John’s thighs and brandishes a bottle of olive oil.
“Shhh, I will. I will.”
“I wouldn’t know what to do with half of these things.”
they'd like me to deal with. So. This is no longer a 5+1. There will be more sex toys, I promise! But as of right now, it won't be five times they used sex toys and one time they didn't, as I had originally promised. If, for some reason, that was the premise you were reading this for: I'm sorry to disappoint you. Turn back now! However, if you're not, I hope you'll enjoy the ride with me.
Your hands moved up to my waist. Softly, darkly, “Lie down for me, John.”
To John’s fingers as he breaks apart the fish, his fingers dripping golden grease, the flesh flaky and white as he takes it between his teeth. The fish is thick and muscular, the batter crisp, the vinegar bright, tart like lemons on his tongue.
“WC1B.”
He swept the chocolate over my lips once more and I bent to press my mouth to his neck, leaving behind a perfectly shaped kiss on the column of his throat.
“It’s an electrical device that—“
After that, well, that’s up to you.
I leaned in. I tilted my head. I waited. I needed you to close the remaining distance.
“Ok. Then let’s go to dinner.”
And yet there was something that made John keep him on. One quality that peeked out every now and then and showed John Sherlock's possibility. And so John equivocated where he normally would have acted and fired him straight away.
Sherlock stood in line at the Tesco lost in thought. He alternated between righteous indignation and self-awareness alarmingly quickly. It was making his head spin and his body feel dysregulated. He was in the grip of shame and reactive anger and trying desperately to process the two.
Hands either side of Sherlock’s face, stroking Sherlock’s impossible cheekbones with his thumbs. Over the wild black thicket of his brows. The cool marble arch of his brow.
Upon our kitchen table lay a jumble of silver cutlery. Knives and forks, to be specific.
John turns his cheek and rests it against the leaping plane of Sherlock’s flat stomach. The shape of Sherlock’s half hard cock, curling against his hipbone, is visible out of the corner of John’s eye. John licks his lips and thinks—
Sherlock arrived home a little after ten. The sky was gravid, hanging low and gray overhead, the air thick with moisture. He and Ellen had worked hard trying to beat the rain and had just barely succeeded.
“You’re going to be so tight for me. So hot,” Sherlock whispers, before he delves back inside. “I’m going to have to suck a bit, just like this.” Sherlock draws John’s upper lip between his own and oh, God, there is no way John is going to survive this.
things to you,” he murmurs into your ear as you push off the counter and you stumble a few steps forward.
When Sherlock’s hand settles on John’s knee, that's all it takes.
“Sure. Ta.” John said, as he sat down at the table.
“What’re you thinking about?”
Sherlock knows John will need to take him again, this time to mate Sherlock, to fill Sherlock with his seed and Sherlock shivers at the thought, tingling all over.
I should have. I should have done a thousand things just then. Any one of them would have been preferable to what followed. I should have asked him to draw me a bath. I should have let him feed me the soup Mrs. Hudson had made. I should have put my head in his lap and let him stroke my hair. I should have pressed my chapped lips to his and let him shut me up that way. I should have insisted he take me to Sussex. Let him curry me around the village until there was sea salt crusted in our hair and beads of mist collecting on our cheeks. We could have made love.
“My tie. Where is the bloody thing. I put it—“
, he thinks. Opens his eyes. Fists his hands at his sides against the seat.
“Stop." The word choked out, Sherlock’s hands pulling, tugging at John’s shoulders as John pops off.
Sherlock didn’t answer.
Sherlock hums and reaches forward to place his hands on John’s hips, eyes roving eagerly, reading John's body for clues.
John obeys. Laying them both on top of his jacket.
“And alright, I was a bit jealous, but it’s not for the reason he thinks. I’m not an idiot.”
John can’t contain himself any longer. The joy and fondness inside him are brimming against his skin. “Sherlock, can I kiss you?”
“Sherlock, stop.”
Sherlock shook his head and rolled his desk chair closer, setting his pen to the page.
“John, open your eyes.”
Sherlock breaks over him, a wave of heat on John’s sepulchre skin. John holds him.
And then…
“Fuck,” Sherlock says as the driver comes over the intercom to tell them they’ve arrived. He begins to push back from John, in order to climb off him, but John grips his arms and holds him still.
John just has time to seal around him before Sherlock is coming across John’s tongue and, hips rocking wildly, pops free to spout all over John’s chin and nose and cheek.
“Don’t you want to come up here and say hello?” he asked, his voice gruff with desire, his thumbs tracing the contours of my cheekbones as he so loves to do. I love it too and I leaned instinctively into the touch.
I had been ill for some days. It had started with a headache which had quickly descended into a fever and some intensely painful intestinal cramping. The flu is completely undignified. To be exposed like that before your husband, your lover, helpless and disgusting and weak—it had left me irritable and embarrassed and itching for a row.
“John.”
“The first sound you’ll hear is the low, prolonged lub,” John says, his hand resting light on the back of Sherlock’s as Sherlock listens to the beat of his own heart. “That’s the beginning of the ventricular contraction. That’s when the heart pumps blood out of the chambers and into the arteries. The systole.” Sherlock’s eyes are on John’s. “The mitral and tricuspid valves close and that’s the sound you hear. Do you hear it?” Sherlock swallows and nods.
John stares at him.
Sherlock keeps going, keeps rubbing and it’s strange.
“Indeed. I read chemistry just down the road.”
You could have picked the lock easily.
John pushes himself up onto all fours and crawls up Sherlock’s body to slide his arms beneath Sherlock’s shoulders, laying himself against Sherlock, chest to thigh.
Outside, the wind rustles the trees out on the green and the curtains stir at the sill. The cool air slips over your feet, makes your toes curl. You hear muffled sounds, of laughter, of a dog barking, faintly of music somewhere far off.
Keeps going.
John is beneath him, legs spread wide, pinned to the bed by Sherlock’s hands.
He chuckled again and shook his head and the sheen was back, making his eyes glisten, and my heart hammered a bit in trepidation. “You saw me,” he said, his eyes moving slowly over my face. “No one else could see me, but you did. And for some reason, probably because you’re stark raving mad, you wanted me.”
And kiss.
Sherlock perks up a bit at that.
Ella looks faintly relieved and John shakes his head. She obviously doesn’t understand if that is her reaction.
He rubs the heel of his palm up and down the length of you, fingers loosely cupping your shaft.
How is he supposed to string two words together when Sherlock is about to put his fingers inside him?
John’s eyes are black and hazy as he gazes down at the wanton splay of Sherlock’s body.
“What do you want?” John asks, his voice a little breathy. He clears his throat. “Do you want me to—”
“Yes, you are.” He was still glaring at me and I desperately wanted him to stop. I desperately wanted to be the type of man who did not necessitate such a look on such a regular basis. And there was the crux. I would earn another next week or in a month and we both knew it.
The words strafe over John’s bare skin.
Letting you.
A twist of his wrist and the flat of Sherlock’s fingertip is gliding over John’s hole. The light touch sizzles along John’s thighs.
I don’t think you meant for me to find it. I can never be sure with you of course, but I think the notion of a walk struck you as you were writing at your desk and that Toby was sitting in front of the door waiting for me and the day was particularly fine and so you left it out accidentally where I could find it.
John reaches up and kisses him. “I’ve been letting this process continue because I want to be done so desperately. And it was flattering to be offered so much money for the company my father built. But I know, in my gut, that something’s not right. I should trust it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“That’s not it.” John’s voice wavers just a bit and he hates himself for it. Hates this weakness. This jangling unsteadiness. “I…I’ve discovered something new about myself this past week.”
“I love you,” Sherlock whispers, a few moments later.
“Perfect, it’s settled.”
Sherlock considered this for a minute, the knot of grief inside him unchanged. He shrugged and nodded at once. “A little.”
Music flows all around him. Below him Sherlock is building towards the crescendo and John let’s himself be carried along with it until
And flare.
Sherlock doesn’t even try and equivocate. “Superb,” he says, leaning in to steal a kiss from John’s smug, pink, smiling mouth.
Your mouth, it floods. You swallow, thick, and it resounds in the quiet.
He doesn’t stop to hang up his coat or remove his shoes. He walks directly through into the sitting room and lets the bags drop with a satisfyingly loud bang.
“Mr. Holmes, I read that baby bees eat bee bread, but—“ here she cocked her head, confusion knotting her brows together, “—how?”
John’s heart: incandescent.
who is he kidding…
But he doesn’t fucking care.
And if he’s going to do it, well, then he is certainly going to do it right. So when a pretty woman wearing an apricot hued head wrap and a nose, eyebrow, and lip piercing asks if he’d like help, he ignores the hot stinging flash of panic down his spine, and accepts.
John licks the fluttering skin beneath Sherlock’s jaw. Tastes his frantic heartbeat. Blood and salt.
Roses beneath your knees, roses in his cheeks and beneath your hands. Thorns all over, pricking, pricking.
“What?”
You scrub your hands over your face and fetch your robe, tie it loosely about your waist while you rummage through your trousers for your cigarettes. You ignore the trembling in your fingers as you light one, drawing the smoke deep into your lungs. You hold it there until your eyes water and then you let it out in one long lacy stream. You need a drink. You stride past him, he’s a blur of white and gold in your periphery as you make your way to your sideboard, pouring out a finger of whiskey. Another. A third.
He strokes his tongue into your mouth and you groan. He’s a master at this. At the tease and the plunge. He alternates between breaking apart, licking at you as you chase him back, pushing kisses to your swollen mouth to placate you, before he surges back inside, taking you deep and wet and filthy perfect.
“But it produces generics,” John says slowly, thinking out loud. “It’s distribution is tiny, mainly targeted towards older Americans on Medicare.”
“The first to…” John glances at Sherlock.
Green silk, red hair.
“I understand now. I do. Ready to come back, are we?”
John is looking up at Sherlock, his brows drawn down slightly in the center and it makes something painful, like fear, catch and tear down Sherlock’s throat. “I want to be careful with you, Sherlock. I’d like it if we could take things slow.” Sherlock can feel that same coldness as before start to seep back in. It’s not as if he isn’t accustomed to rejection; it was one of M’s specialties, after all. But it made it that much harder for him to secure John as an ally, if things kept getting dragged out. Sherlock hates how much he needs John, but the simple fact of the matter is that he does. And if he can’t figure out how to get John under his spell, well…Sherlock’s mind can’t go there.
Fiercely, possessively, passionately.
The call went straight to voicemail. My texts were ignored.
Trousers and pants ripped down and off. Socks next.
“It is,” John says, into his skin. “I have something, a toy. I’ll use it, but I want—“
Standing at the far end of the library, near the exit that opens onto the path that leads down to the manse, talking to Claire, the chair of the library’s board of directors.
John wants it all inside him. He wants to shove back and take it to the root. He wants to let that gigantic cock take him apart, wants to let it carve out a place for itself inside him.
Floating beneath the bathwater warmth of the duvet.
Is this a self-defeating exercise?
, running through his mind on loop. He finally gives up and sets the pan to soak, peeling off the yellow gloves and draping them over the draining board to dry.
Sherlock had remained stubbornly silent, watching the clock on his mantle tick away their final few minutes together. On the computer screen in front of him, Tom waited.
Sherlock’s hands clutch at him.
(See the end of the chapter for
They kiss.
He shakes it off.
thing, lets you and lets you…
Sherlock, in true Sherlockian fashion, doesn’t ask: which rooms, just says, low and breathy, “Yes.”
There had been sobs and snot and hiccups and a great deal of carrying on.
"No."
In unison, "Yes!"
But Sherlock does not relent. Long fingers digging into John’s side and dancing across his belly,
“Budge up,” you say, helping him arrange the pillows so that he is propped up, half-sitting, giving you more room to work.
, around 30 hives.” Sherlock swallowed, needles pricking the back of his throat. “I lost some, earlier this fall.”
Sherlock doesn’t pay him any mind though and runs the flannel over his ankles, wiping away the traces of mud that had splattered onto his skin.
He jerks open his bedside table and retrieves the bottle of lube he keeps tucked away in the back behind whatever paperback he’s reading at the moment. Not that that would be enough to deter Sherlock from finding it, but it’s the semblance of privacy that matters to John.
“What does Moriarty want with Watson Tech?” John asks, walking around the bed to sit in the pair of armchairs that are tucked into the corner of the room beside the windows.
It was easy to get caught up in the definition of success as the amount of honey one could glean from their hives. It was easy to get caught up in wanting to show off the productivity of his bees at the farmers markets and win praise and monetary compensation. It was all too easy to see the failure of his hives as a yet another personal failure.
What John Watson wouldn’t give to have Sherlock under his care. Boys like Sherlock were John Watson’s specialty. Him swanning about in his tight trousers and his tighter shirts with his creamy skin and his pristine head of glossy curls and that plump, pink, indolent mouth. His heart on his sleeve, protected only by an acid tongue and an affectation of sociopathy. John would love to lavish attention and praise on him. Give him gifts, take him out, treat him well. Would love to show him the measure of his worth. And God. What John wouldn’t love to take whatever the boy was willing to give. The way that soft, luxe, milk-white skin would pink up under John’s touch. The way those long slim thighs would tremble under the bristles of John’s beard. The way that deep chocolatey voice would moan and beg. The way those satiny curls would spill out across a pillow, a desk, the tan leather of his limousine's seats. The unique labyrinthine way his mind worked. The way his incomparable heart beat beneath it all.
“Imagine me spread out across all that careful charting. Making a mess of it. Imagine my trousers pushed down around my thighs and my arse filling your hands as you pulled me apart and spread me open.”
“You could just come down here and lie on top of me.”
He hears Sherlock come back in and set something heavy down on the floor beside his right foot. He struggles back up to sitting.
But no, no, that’s ridiculous. You’ve only known this man for an hour at best. It’s not only ridiculous, it’s impossible.
, Mary?” Sherlock interrupts, but gently. Crouching down beside her chair so that he can look her in the eye.
“You’ll wait for me?”
There is nothing tentative or furtive, there is no hiding from whatever this is burgeoning between you. You both give into it, helpless.
He waited, shivering, for the shower to heat up, shifting from foot to foot and rubbing his hands up and down his arms, before stepping beneath the blissfully hot spray.
“What do you mean?” Sherlock murmurs, “this is the best possible news I’ve had in weeks. We absolutely
“It makes you ill,” John said simply, his eyes closed and the lines of his face relaxed.
Bestial.
“Before I go, I was wondering if I might get your number? Or give you mine?” John asked, as he stepped out onto the porch. It was dark and quiet and the cold air felt good on Sherlock’s hot cheeks.
“But you can’t quite reach it yourself.”
They fall into step beside each other, Sherlock obviously measuring and matching his stride to John’s shorter one. As they walk John can feel Sherlock ruminating on something. He can pick out the signs now, behind the cold stoic facade. His mind is whirring behind that cool gaze that he fixes straight ahead of him. John won’t pry, but he hopes, some day, that Sherlock will choose to share some of his thoughts with John. It therefore shocks John a bit that there on the pavement Sherlock decides to do just that.
His thighs are warm as they settle across your lap, his weight sinking down into you, arms looped around your neck. He smells so good, so familiar, it makes your throat ache; you bury your face in him.
“Imagine the desk banging into the wall as you fuck me hard. You’d leave bruises on my hips and I wouldn’t even have to touch myself. I’d come off just from your cock alone, John.”
John shrugs. Gestures. “Love. Sex. Relationships. The lot of it.”
John can feel the tears running down his cheeks but he can’t do a damn thing about them so he just smiles up at Sherlock, the image of him blurred into a rainbow sheen.
Right.
“Just catching up, John?” she asks, turning and draping herself once more over the armchair.
“I want a relationship with you that isn’t bound by someone else’s d/s rulebook. I’ve always been cast in some kind of misogynist feminized role, where my masculinity was stripped from me. I just want to be whole. I am both, I want to be able to show all sides of me and be safe.”
“John.” Velvet. Brushed against the grain.
The sound over the speakers is loud enough to give Sherlock cover, the darkness of the room aiding him still further.
“Exactly.”
Says, softly, against them, “You were saying.”
He swivels his hips and grinds down and in a long pulse of bright white light he feels Sherlock’s tongue push
Sherlock gives John one last lingering kiss before he pulls away. “Later?” he asks again, just a hint of uncertainty in his voice that makes John's heart catch. John smiles and nods.
John can feel his brow furrow. “Do I?”
I shook my head. “My—“ My heart was pounding. “My cock.”
John nods and Sherlock ducks into the bathroom at the end of the hall, listening to John’s retreating footsteps as he pulls on a white terrycloth robe and belts it around his waist. John is uncorking a bottle of red wine when he comes out.
“You’re a god damn liar, John Watson,” Sherlock says, panting. “You’ve sucked cock before.”
“Well, she’s partially correct. I tend to short circuit a bit no matter what colour you’re wearing.”
“Jesus Christ,” Sherlock said, squeezing his eyes shut. The world was a bloody mess. None of them made it out unscathed.
John was a rare father, Sherlock thought, unable to tear his eyes away from the two. To accept and trust his daughter, to let her be herself…it made Sherlock’s chest so tight it was difficult to breathe. His father had done the opposite. Shamed him. Made him hide it. Tried to change him to fit in.
John leans just a tiny bit forward, bracing his hands on Sherlock’s headboard, and slides along the flat of Sherlock’s long pink tongue, and, lips closing tight around him, Sherlock sucks him inside. The sight of it: the heart of Sherlock’s lips stretched out around John, his eyes black and hungry, almost does John in.
John’s stomach roils. “He’ll be disgusted. He’ll probably throw me out. That’s why it’s better if I do it for him.”
Last night as I was sleeping,
“Do it, lick my hole like a
Watching.
What sound does the rose make when it finally, finally blooms?
“I have spent this entire week trying to figure out what it was about Au Lit that bothered you.” Sherlock laughs bitterly and sneers, “But it’s really just another part of yourself that you refuse to acknowledge. Did you think if we just got married we wouldn’t have to be queer anymore? You wouldn’t have to say the words gay or bisexual, you could just tell people you were married. Problem solved.”
“Good boy,” John murmurs, running the edge of his teeth over the shell of his ear as Sherlock rubs the oil over his pecs and then begins to expertly pinch and roll the hard nubs between his fingers.
“Christ,” he sighed as he came through the bathroom door with a towel wrapped around his waist and found me lying on my side naked. “You took it, didn’t you?” Hands on his hips, stern and disappointed and mildly exasperated, but not surprised. I think I’ve mentioned but he was very cute when he was cross with me. “You’re impossible, you know that, don’t you?” he said, going back into the bathroom.
John grins. “I should leave you like this,” he says, wrapping his hands around Sherlock’s ankles, thumbs stroking lightly over the cool skin, before dipping down to trace up the graceful arches of his long feet. “You’ve been a bastard all day,” John says softly, as Sherlock sucks ineffectually at the head of his cock. John drifts his hands higher, over the crinkly hair on the backs of Sherlock’s calves, into the crooks of his knees, and up the trembling planes of his thighs to where his hands are gripping his hips.
“It’s not.”
John looks up at him, frowning. Unimpressed with his tone. Sherlock merely glares back at him.
“No one’s ever touched you here?”
It’s delicious. Crisp as wine on his tongue.
“She offered to bake you a cake in return. You gathered up the knives and forks, because she had already done the spoons, and brought them upstairs.”
And God, who is John to deny him that?
“I really only care one way or another if it’s connected to something interesting, like the subversion of justice, for instance. Otherwise people are welcome to do as they like, however perverted. Now please, I don’t know how we got diverted onto this ridiculous topic, but lets reroute, shall we, and talk about our own little perversions, like how I want you to—“
“Quinn!”
God, he’s so tight.
So Sherlock opens his eyes, slitted, lazy and dark like a cat’s, and wraps the dildo in his hand, props it up for him to reach out with his tongue and—
He’s been to John’s place many times for work related errands. He had been given codes and keys and access when he first signed his contract with Watson Tech. After depositing the sushi he had picked up on the way over (a tray featuring all of John’s favourites) Sherlock drops off his things in a spare bedroom and goes to shower. While he’s in there he prepares himself thoroughly.
“You beautiful, magnificent thing,” he whispered, his voice filled with awe.
“And you think marrying him will reassure him, yeah? You think it’ll provide this magic piece of reassurance, yeah? Like if you’re a family and you’re committed it’ll magically fix them, right?” Harry again, but this time she’s looking at Clara.
ohmygod.
He can’t look at her. The bones in his hands are pressing against his skin, knuckles popping white.
“It doesn’t matter now. Look—“  Sherlock takes a deep steadying breath. “It was worth it. It was worth never knowing what love felt like, if it means that I get to have it with you. From the very first time we met you
The contrast is dizzying. It still shocks John sometimes and he has to remind himself that this Sherlock isn’t the same one who jumped off a building. This Sherlock has grown up. This Sherlock is self-aware. This Sherlock
“Jesus, John, I never said I couldn’t—“
proud of it.
“And your prostate.” Sherlock pauses and John, tilting his head up a fraction of an inch, rubs the tips of their noses together, waiting for Sherlock to get to the point. “It’s sensitive.”
“I love you.”
“Do you?” The fierce, overwhelming urge to protect Sherlock and that inherent vulnerability he tries so hard to hide, tries so hard to bury in his intellect, rising up in John. He wants to get Mycroft on the phone and yell at him. Would go to his mother’s grave and give her what for.
“And what was that?” John prompts, wanting him to say it.
He exited the room with what dignity was left to him. In these moments his military bearing props him up. He knows how to take a hit, my John.
Sherlock smiles against John’s throat and murmurs, “It’s good?”, into John’s too-thin, too-hot, throbbing skin and John can’t help but laugh at the sheer inadequacy of that word to convey what he is feeling.
1 tax fraud investigation into Watson Tech while under John’s father’s leadership. 100’s of millions of pounds paid out of John’s pocket to settle the government’s bill. Jail time narrowly averted.
The thin band between his fingers, slipping from it’s velvet notch, cold and hard. Indelible.
“Oi, what the fuck?” Harry says, as John moves to the top of the stairs and looks down.
“I recorded it.”
Sherlock swallows. Hard. Says, “Therein lies the challenge.”
“I think that something I’m sitting with is that when I don’t have work, when I don’t have occupation, my worthiness wound is activated. I know we’ve discussed this in the past, but it’s part of what drove, what
,” Sherlock gasps, pushing up into the scrape of teeth John gives him next.
“Shh, ok, ok.”
Kisses him and kisses him.
Sherlock hadn’t eaten two bites of the Bolognese John had made for their dinner before he’d fucked off to the shower when it was his turn to do the washing up. And when he’d come out, smelling delicious and clean and soft, he had then started humping John from behind like an addlepated poodle, whinging for a blow job.
Sherlock has only managed to take three loads of John’s semen in the past. But tonight he feels ready for more and each of John’s eight arms needs release after all.
John undoes the buttons on his shirt so that it can hang open, giving him free reign of his hands. He gets his fingers wet and plucks at Sherlock’s nipples, sending frissons cracking through him and making his cock twitch and bob in the empty air. Sherlock feels his bollocks tighten, squeezing close to his body and he wills himself to calm. It doesn’t work as well as it usually does and Sherlock feels, in the background, a rising, cresting, feeling building.
John holds up his hands. “No reason.”
John shakes his head and moans. The accompanying vibrations make Sherlock gasp and tremble.
It seems like a pedantic quibble over language. Sherlock represses the urge to roll his eyes. “I belong to you and I misbehaved. Isn’t that the same thing?”
John shakes his head. “No.”
I looked up at Mike and we shared a smug smile over the top of John’s silvery head.
John turns around in the doorway. Smiles, ruefully. “No, I’m not, but I’m not exactly straight either.”
The way his hands fell, light and stunned, on top of my head as I took him deeper, his cock hardening against my tongue, was
“You’re being very dramatic. It’s not even any good.”
He follows Sherlock back upstairs.
“No.” Sherlock shook his head. “I’ve been avoiding the papers.”
—licked her—
Restless, pushing into John. Getting hard. Leaving sticky spots all over John’s hip.
John loses the plot, goes up on his toes as Sherlock bends him, arching back, pressing into him. “Like what?”
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut, shame burning in his chest. He was pathetic. But he needed to figure something out before Chrissy spent time and money coming to save him. Humiliation was not something he wanted to add to the conflagration he was already dealing with.
He curls his hands in tight tight until his nails bite into his palms.
Your face was pale. Your lips blanched. Your pupils two pinpricks in a whitewashed sea.
“You told me that this type of relationship helps to quiet things.”
John closes his eyes.
You at eighteen conjuring yourself as a red headed Scot knelt up over my lap, our hands flying over our cocks, my fist in his-
“Sherlock, I think maybe we should just—”
“Thank you,” John whispers.
He has no idea how to begin. With his doctor’s visit? The drumstick? The giant purple dildo?
“Can I meet David now?” Charlotte said into the uncomfortable silence that had fallen over the room and Hayley, only too eager to escape whatever was going on with the adults, pushed back her chair and took Charlotte’s hand. Laura joined them as they filed out the door.
“Yeah?”
“Well, Lestrade is constrained by the law. Are there, perhaps, less legal routes we might pursue on our own?”
“I’m in a no parking zone. Get in.”
“Yes. Now shut up please.”
Sherlock briefly steps out to fetch the bottle of lube that he had stashed in the entrance way in case John had wanted to fuck him against the wall upon arrival. That, at least going by Sherlock’s last few relationships, had been how the evening was supposed to play out. But Sherlock will make do. Exhibitionism is a forte and a role he feels comfortable in.
When John asks about it, couching it in simple curiosity over the, um,
“It’s fine. I’m here. I’ll do what he asks.” Sherlock’s voice is resigned.
He takes a deep breath, turns, and…
“They passed them out yesterday at the—.” His throat working noisily in the quiet of the room. His eyes flick up to yours, a glassy sheen laid over the blue that he blinks quickly away. “I’ve been attending funerals. I should have said. That’s why I’m home.” You nod. You had already guessed, but there’s no need to explain how. He pauses, nodding, taking your easy acceptance as kindness perhaps, and then clears his throat. “The, um, the widow said that her and her husband used to carry them around with them while he was deployed. They’d have the photos developed and then send them to each other so that they felt like they could share their days with each other. A bit soppy maybe, but I thought—”
The plug shifts inside him as Sherlock draws John’s leg up and over his hip, opening him up for Sherlock to reach down and tug at the base. Lights snap up John’s body, sparks catching, and the heat seeps into his marrow, warming him up from the inside out, incandescent.
He leaves his fingers inside Sherlock, twisting to feel the clench around his knuckles as Sherlock tries, ineffectually, to pull him deeper, but straightens up and fetches the lube.
Leather on leather. Flexing.
How long has it been since he’s snuck a cigarette, John wonders. He tries to do the math and comes up empty.
Tom sighed, theatrically. While these arguments between Tom and Noor were rather common, Sherlock could feel his distaste for Tom grow with each meeting. The man was insecure and defensive and always added tension to the meetings that Sherlock felt were rather petty and immature in nature.
John chuckles against Sherlock’s neck and then pulls back far enough for their eyes to meet.
“I want you to touch me. Anywhere.” John pauses. Breathes. “Everywhere. Wherever and however you’d like.”
Kissing at the slight pucker of John’s lips. Coaxing.
Newly turned 35 and minted as CEO after the death of his father of Watson Technology, a med tech corporation based in London, John had recently hired the son of an old family friend to be his new personal assistant. The boy has spiralled out of control, according to his parents, and needs a firm hand to guide him. John, who has heard the name Sherlock Holmes crop up in other circles, has an inkling as to why.
“Just fucked?” John asks, feeling sick at the thought of Sherlock shooting up.
Messily.
“Kiss me.”
“Getting out of our own way, as it were.” Ellen smiled warmly, her eyes moving from Sherlock to John and then back again.
At the end of the hallway he opens the nondescript door to the right of the men’s loo. He steps inside and after a split second spent deciding whether or not to turn on the light (not), Sherlock has joined him.
He wraps one hand around the base to steady it and wonders…well, why not?
“Why are you like this?” Sherlock asks, breathless, incredulous, kissing John’s mouth and cheeks manically, stroking John’s beard with his hands. “How do you turn me on just by saying things? Ridiculous, soppy, lovely things?”
“Sherlock,” John says, letting his breath play over his most sensitive skin so that Sherlock shivers and rocks back, searching for contact. “My cock isn’t going to suck itself.”
John takes the spoon and then trails the bowl of it up and down the inside of Sherlock’s thighs, dragging the cool metal along the sensitive skin. John watches as the fair hairs rise in it’s wake.
They both moan as Sherlock sinks onto it, the head disappearing inside.
“You are?”
The wind blows between them, lifting the hem of Sherlock’s coat.
“What do you…
“Pineapple,” Sherlock says, squeezing his eyes shut tight as tears begin to track out of them. “Pineapple,” gasping, as he folds himself down onto the mattress, his hands fisting in the sheets, face hidden, turned away from John.
The enormity of the realization, of what John is gaining and of what John now has to lose, hits him square in the chest and knocks the wind out of him.
Sherlock signals and pulls smoothly away from the kerb, into traffic.
He presses his fingers against John’s lips.
The soft sound he made when I took the tip of his cock inside my smiling mouth was encouraging.
“Ground me. I need you to tell me what comes next. How we’re going to do this. What it looks like. I don’t—“
John runs a hand through his hair and grips the back of his neck. Tight. “I know that you don’t want that. You’ve always been clear on that point. So I think it’s best if I go stay with Harry for a while. Until this sorts itself.”
Waiting.
You can feel something simmering beneath his calm facade. You sense it’s fury. He’s trying to control it, make it work for good.
Sherlock is ready by a quarter til seven. John is a military man and values punctuality. Sherlock should know. He has been arriving to work late for months to try and get a reaction from the man. Now at least he can see why none of his tactics had worked. John is one of the rare dons who liked to believe that he was above the scene. He probably felt deeply uncomfortable somewhere underneath that calm exterior and made up for the shame and guilt by eschewing the trappings of the genre. Sherlock will figure him out.
John can only shrug, because it is the honest thing to do. He just really, really doesn’t know.
Once the sun had finished setting he headed home.
As John is touching him, learning him, Sherlock’s hands stroke down the edges of John’s poorly defined body, re-shaping him, and John knows where he’s heading, knows where this goes next, and he can feel his lungs seize.
John, cock thickening against his flies, walks around to the other side to attend to Sherlock’s other cuff.
The hand on his chest twitches. Fingers curling in. Knuckles rubbing the staticky hair. Spark to tinder, John’s body wakes.
There were about twelve regulars from the Fulworth area, with the occasional backyard beekeeper who was looking for advice, and going on fifty registered members who rarely, if ever, attended, preferring instead to communicate through the email listserv, online forum, or phone tree. During the spring and summer the association held beekeeping courses and other workshops, but during the fall and winter it provided more of a social space with planning for the year ahead and reflection on the year past. Dues covered public liability insurance, registration with The British Beekeepers Association, as well as training and guest speakers.
The thought crackles through him.
“Well, he controls the purse strings, as it were.”
inside.
It takes some maneuvering. John’s body feels awkward. Vulnerable. It is his turn to blush.
“Your endorphins will kick in. Make you feel blissed out. Your heart is beating quicker and quicker in response to your body’s arousal.”
**************
“Good morning,” he said softly, cupping my face. The look in his eyes was so affectionate it made my bones ache with the pure sweetness of it. He was simply happy to see me. Content just to be near me. What boon chance that I met him when I did. When he was brought low by nightmares and the betrayal of his injured body. Met at any other time in his life I would have been a poor substitute for the partner he deserved. Someone less moody, less supercilious, less vain, less melancholic. I have tried my best to convince him of it, to often disastrous effect— I have never again seen the shade of blue his eyes achieved, for instance, on a night seven years past, when I suggested, quite selflessly I thought, that he leave me for the sweet blonde haired nymph of a client named Mary Morstan—but no matter what I say, no matter how despicably I behave, he stays.
. This fic is better for all of you and I love you all dearly. All mistakes are my own.
The mirth eventually dries up and they’re left just looking at each other, Sherlock perched on the edge of John’s bed, hands clasped loosely in his lap, John leaning back against his dresser wondering how on earth they’re going to get through this.
“I surrender, sir,” he whispers, winding his fingers up into John’s hair, as John kisses him deeply in response.
“Oh my God.” He stroked over me, molding the wet fabric against my head, where I was leaking and making a mess.
His heart in his throat.
“Oi, John!”
“I’m sorry.”
“I want to suck you off,” Sherlock says, and John shuts his mouth, his eyebrows shooting up. “Oh,” he says, his mouth twitching. “Well, ok.”
Sherlock was impressed again by the girl’s avidity for knowledge. “Just so,” he said, “well done.” Charlotte smiled and slotted the page back into place.
Thank you to everyone who welcomed me back so warmly. Your comments mean the world to me and really helped me through a recent crisis of confidence that was making it difficult to write. Thank you so much for your support and your enthusiasm for this story. I love you all. <3 <3 <3 <3
“You said to manufacture some kind of excuse…”
It had, Sherlock noted with some surprise, been worth it. The payoff was long in coming, but, a few years in, Sherlock could point to tangible positive things that had come of it.
The blanket goes with him, exposing John’s back to the unforgiving chill of the room.
Sherlock’s hands are shaking too hard, he fumbles with the lid, curses. John turns them, Sherlock sitting up against the headboard with John straddling his thighs and his slippery wet fingers between his legs, pumping. From a distance Sherlock can feel the lube drip drop onto the tops of his legs; he doesn’t truly feel anything, all of him thick and numb and slipping towards that space where he can experience oblivion, until John is fully seated, and is saying to him as through a wall of glass: “Sherlock, don’t turn off, stay with me.”
Sherlock’s eyes haven’t lost any of their remote coolness when he meets John’s eyes.
the silky petal-soft seam of Sherlock’s lips.
“Mm, the poor man’s version at least. Is that all right with you, Captain?” Sherlock asks when John hands him his glass. The bacon grease pops. The steam curling up. Making Sherlock’s curls deflate and cling to his forehead. The heat firing his cheeks with color.
John grins.
“I’m pretty worked up, yeah. You want to feel?”
Rubbing incessantly at John's perineum and his frenulum at the same time, mirroring the motions so that John is wound up in them.
“It was tragic,” Ellen said, her brown eyes looking at Sherlock with a mix of pity and compassion. She shook her head. “A damn shame. Have you decided whether you’ll start up new ones in the spring? I understand if you need time.”
Peeled myself off of the hood of the car, my heart pounding, all of my insides spilling out. I felt ill, dizzy, disoriented. You said my name I am sure of it, but I was deaf to all but the oceanic throb of blood in my ears. I gathered up my things. I spent some time searching for one of my trainers, but when you reached out and touched me with your—
He’s close by the looks of things.
“You’re regaining your footing, remember? What better way than to dictate to me every single thing you want from me?”
I couldn’t quite own it, but I swallowed down the impulse to deny it and nodded.
Types:
Mary sputters, “It…it was!”
It’s Sherlock’s turn to chew on his lip. His cheeks flood with a sudden, vivid blush.
“You are a doctor. A captain. A war hero. You are a man of nerve and skill and courage and wit and yet you see none of it.”
“What do you want?” John asks, staring into the dark pits of the man’s soulless eyes. “Money to make up for the businesses you lost? You can have mine.”
There’s a noise in the stairwell that leads down to the back alley behind him, a footfall on a squeaky board, and all three of them sit up straighter.
Sherlock comes awake with a start and John barely has time to reer backwards to narrowly avoid being butted in the face.
“I want him to know he’s enough.”
You study ash and blood spatter and maps and psychology journals and traffic patterns and poisons and physics. You pick half the locks within the bounds of Saint Pancras and Regent’s Park just to see if you can.
John chews on his lip.
“No, I don’t think they know the full story or how I feel about it. I’ve never spoken to them about it.”
Sherlock watched him until he’d disappeared into the grove.
Sherlock does, lolling lazily against the back of the tub, eyes half lidded. He closes his lips around John’s fingers as he deposits a snowy piece of cod draped over a bed of rice onto his tongue.
Violin music plays in the background; a reminder that John must be quiet.
“It makes me want to be so good for it. It makes me hard. Makes my cock wet.”
He took a step back and cold air flooded in between us. His hands slid down from where they had been tangled in my hair and began to undo my bow tie. It slithered around my neck as he tugged it free and it sent a shiver skating down my spine. I felt sensitive, my skin alive and tingling.
Sherlock is certain of it. In fact, it is the only thing he is certain of.
“Your fingers,” I said, resting my hands on the tops of his speckled shoulders. “Please.”
The firelight flickers across the inside of his eyelids, scarlet.
Ani’s eyes flare wide. “You haven’t asked her?”
The words are a warm skirr of breath against John’s throat. The blue-black hair at the nape of Sherlock’s neck slips between his fingers, threads of night-dark silk. John’s skin will smell of clove and spice and decadent night blooming flowers for hours after. Somewhere in the distance, a horn blares. The rain falls and falls, sheets of silver pouring down the glass.
“So, you’re a gambler,” Sherlock says, his cold, clammy skin stinging as the hot water sprays down on him. Facing away from John. Eyes to the tile. The carefree persona he is trying hard to embody unraveling even as he is desperately clutching it around him.
Draws it further in.
Sherlock does and John presses forward, pinning Sherlock against the wall with his weight. The muscles in his arms are locked and tense. For all he looks like a string bean, Sherlock’s at least two stone heavier than John, all sinew and bone.
“Yes.” Sherlock’s cheeks are pink and his mouth inches up into a tentative smile. John must kiss him then, joy at this arrangement being re-engaged glowing warm between them, so he does.
When the B-side has finished Sherlock goes over to switch them out and when the first unmistakable notes of Claire De Lune fill the room, John can’t help but smile.
For a moment, while he applies the lube, just a moment, seconds really, and oh, listen how you whine.
“Oh, John.”
“Get your heels up,” I said again, straightening. My kneecaps ached a bit and I winced as John moved, shifting back so that he could get his heels up on the counter’s edge.
John stiffens. He can feel his face, his spine, go rigid. It’s involuntary, but immediate. His teeth clench. Frustrated with himself, he wills his jaw to relax.
“Absolutely. I can’t wait to be fucked by your music. That you composed.
“About you taking me back to the hotel and finishing what you started.”
John spanks his pretty arse until it’s pounding with his heartbeat beneath his palm, until Sherlock’s hands are clutching the duvet above his prostrated head, until his voice is hoarse from exultation.
“Ohhhhh,” Sherlock breathes, his knees spreading automatically to allow John room to slide all the way down to his perineum. John circles his fingertips there, applying pressure just behind the tight, drawn up sac of his bollocks. Sherlock’s right knee slips off the bed and they spend a moment repositioning so that Sherlock can spread his legs just wide enough to give John access to every part of him, without him falling off the bed.
“It was Anne’s. She used to wear it on a chain around her neck. My grandmother’s was lost in the sea one day when she was swimming and never replaced, but after Anne died she wore this on her hand until the day she passed. She left it to my mother.”
e  x  p  a  n  d,
Your heart.
of Guilty Secrets.
“Sherlock,” slurred, like he’s drunk on you. Like you're the whiskey in his bloodstream, making him high. You can’t stop running your hands down his back, over his arse, and down the backs of his thighs. He fizzes like a peach beneath your touch, dusted in fine golden hairs all over and flushed from his nape to his throat.
Milk appeared next to the teacup and Sherlock tilted his head to look up at John.
They lapse into a companionable silence, with only the fire popping in the grate and the rain falling softly outside as their backdrop. John can feel Sherlock studying him. “Do you associate pleasure with something bad?”
More oil and then both of Sherlock’s hands are wrapped around John’s cock, stroking his foreskin up, over the head and then smoothing it back down the shaft.
Clara sniffs. “Yeah, that’s the problem for most of us. We can’t turn it off on our own. That’s why there’s medication, John. Sherlock might be a genius, but he’s not built differently than the rest of us.”
John almost dies from a rush of affection so strong it wrings his heart out.
“So, they’re like semi-poly?” John asks.
“What if—”
John grins. Sherlock looks down at his lap, brow beetled, and hisses, “My trousers are getting wet.”
He needs…
“Will you come down here, please?”
“Can you recline the seat? Just a bit? The lever is there, yes, under. Thank you.”
Sherlock hums, dipping his chin down and then, well, then they’re kissing.
If this is it…if this is the end…
Sherlock’s voice is crackly when he says, “Lotion.”
Singular.
Content Warning: Sherlock talks to his therapist about the actions his therapist took this weekend. Suicide is mentioned again. I will reiterate that Sherlock is not suicidal nor will there be a suicide attempt in this fic. I do want you to have all the information so that you, dear reader, can take care of you and skip these parts if you need to.
“I don’t know what it looks like,” Sherlock says softly a few moments later, and although it’s seemingly apropos of nothing, John can tell where he’s going. He feels a stab of fear low in his chest, hot as the ember from Sherlock’s discarded cigarette.
The riot of color that lurks within the white.
“It’s called after care, John. We’ve just been through a rather harrowing ordeal. I find I’m in need of your doctorly concern.” Lips quirked as he pulls back the covers and clambers in.
The sound he makes when he enters you is worth the initial pain of your body accommodating the thick girth of his cock. He goes slow, lets you adjust and you bite your lip to keep from gasping. He guides you, up and down, his fingers wetting the rim of you, fondling the swollen edge of where you are stretched out around him, until your body eases, taking him deeper and deeper on each pass.
“With my first it was…” Sherlock takes a deep breath. “Pickle.”
John wants to say,
Fish-hook tugging at the corner of Sherlock’s mouth.
John’s thumb strokes along his jaw.
“See? Transport
Embarrassment prickles his scalp, blood pooling, heavy and warm, in his cheeks.
Oh, fuck.
“I want you to show me.” John slides his hand to the outside of Sherlock’s thigh, trails soapy fingers up to his hip. Releases his hold on Sherlock’s hair, cups it around the other hip. Sherlock straightens. Leans back.
Sherlock ducked his head, at a loss for how to take that in. John nodded too, and then turned and started walking to the door. Sherlock followed.
Charlotte looked from Sherlock to her father, hopeful. “Can we, Daddy? Can we come back again?”
John shakes his head, voice hoarse. “I was so alone—”
“I think about you,” Sherlock whispers, “my big, strong Daddy, and,
“The only scientific way to determine where else you like to be kissed would require me to do an intensive study. In order to exhaust all possibilities I would need you to let me kiss every inch of you.”
Harry watches him over the rim of her glass as she takes a sip and John does a double take. It looks suspiciously like mulled cider and John, a shock of cold slamming through him, reaches to take it from her.
Sherlock glows down at him. His eyes are creased in a smile, his cheeks are flushed, a raw patch burning on one side from where he had scraped it on John’s trousers, and his hair is a disheveled writhing mass of curls.
“That’s not what it is.” His eyes fairly twinkled at me.
Clara elbows her again. “Shut up.”
“Yeah,” John says, smiling. “Yeah I think that’s probably got something to do with it.”
Inside Waitrose he menu planned for the week on the fly: soy sauce, frozen veg, biscuits, milk, shrimp, a whole chicken, potatoes, garlic, lemons. He bought pears and apples, fancy crackers to pair with the Edicott’s cheese. Pickles, bread, rice, eggs. Tea. Breakfast sausages, a small chocolate cake, beans, tomatoes.
When Sherlock’s mouth slips against John’s it’s like he’s breaking the surface after swimming somewhere dark and deep. He is giddy with oxygen and sunlight. His lungs bursting. It feels like relief. It feels like living. It feels like joy.
John’s eyes squeezed shut for a moment as this confession landed. When he opened them his mouth was smiling, that irresistible little half smile that did things to Sherlock.
“Then do something about it. It’s possible to have compassion for someone and hold someone accountable at the same time.” It was Ellen’s turn to stand up. “Zoe needs my help. We’ll see you tomorrow for the market? Pick you up at 5.”
The pain in his throat lessoned, but his breathing was ragged for minutes after, his fingertips dug into his ribs.
“Together?”
I shivered as John’s warm breath tickled my skin. I cast my eyes down into my lap where John’s hand was resting on my thigh, his fingers drawing small, tantalizing circles higher and higher up my leg.
“I’d have the app,” John says.
“Do you think that might just be a defense mechanism?”
“Don’t worry about me.”
He feels expectant.
Amelia sodding Cartwright.
John scrubs a hand down his face.
They lie together for a moment, just breathing. The air is sweet with the resin of the fir tree. It burns, like a cinder, in the back of John’s nose. He’s not sure why it matters so much, Sherlock setting up this whole thing, but it does somehow. He pictures it in his mind. Sherlock leaving the surgery. Picking out a tree. Buying lights and ornaments. Decorating. It makes John’s chest feel too small to contain the feeling swelling inside him. Gratitude and love. The backs of his eyes grow hot and sting. No one’s ever done something so simple, and so kind, and so thoughtful for him before. John hadn’t expected it. Least of all from Sherlock.
