"No, it's not that, you idjit. I think it's a good thing. You might think the whole Goddess thing is batshit crazy, but it's not, Dean. Don't worry, I'll be there."
He would be gone tomorrow. The last thing he wanted was a tumble with a fuckin' witch. It didn't matter that the witch was the hottest man Dean had ever seen outside of Hollywood's outputs.
"It's a bathtub. And it takes you forever to fill it. And then you have to wave your magic wand to heat it, so it stands to reason, the next person has to share the water..."
"Make him leave, Castiel," Benny turned abruptly and got into his truck. He didn't look at Castiel again, as he started the engine and drove away.
Dean kept himself amused by reading the smutty book Ruby had loaned Cas. Out loud. Castiel puttered around the cabin, busy with small chores, trying not to give Dean the satisfaction of knowing he was secretly amused. He prepared dinner as Dean read more and more dramatically. If the book was written better, it may have been erotic, but since it wasn't, the two men found themselves mostly laughing.
The sound of a soft moan drifted over to him, and he came back to the main room. Chara was standing next to the stranger, ears alert. Castiel placed his hand on the wolf’s head. “Is he waking, Mo Chara?"
Dean got some more firewood up to the porch, picked up some of the dirty laundry, and washed the few mugs that had been left on the table. All that took him less than thirty minutes. Still no sign of Cas or the aunts. "So, Pierce, where's your daddy?"
"It isn't your time to die, My Child," she said gently. "It is your time to live. To love." And then she was gone. Dean looked around, trying to wrap his head around what just happened. Movement pulled him back to the present. Cas was moving around the circle, murmuring a chant of some sort and snuffing the candles. Without speaking, Cas gathered the candles and his staff. He pulled his cloak around him and Dean saw him shivering.
"Cinnamon, cardamom, rose petals, and sea salt will help warm you. While you bathe, I will make you a tea of Echinacea root, Goldenseal, and Marshmallow root. The tea will prevent you from catching a cold."
Castiel felt the distrust coming off the hunter, but there wasn't anything he could do about it. He'd turned his head so the man could have privacy to get out of the tub, but when he heard the sound of skin slipping on the smooth quartz, he reacted. He held Dean up until he could rest the hunter on the side of the tub. Carefully, he laid the towel over Dean's shoulders.
"Castiel. Though my mother was a witch, she named her offspring after angels. Maybe she did it as a joke...I'm not really sure why she does any of the things she does." When they got to the quartz tub, Castiel stared down at the quilt Dean was holding like a lifeline around his waist. Without a word, the witch turned his back. Dean let the quilt fall to the floor and crawled into the tub. The water was hot, not scalding, but damn close. It felt so good on his chilled skin. The aroma wasn't unpleasant like Dean suspected it would be. He sank down until the water was up to his neck. As if sensing Dean was fine, he turned back around.
"He would give his life for you," Lilura stated firmly. She looked at Castiel. "But then, I think you know that."
"Lovely One, the quiet pool is the serenity of your being. The vast sea of your being whence all life came; its waves are the ebb and flow of the universe you rule."
"Dad, Castiel and Gabriel helped you. Without them, you might not have made it," Sam said softly, but Dean could hear a bit of steel in his brother's voice. A nurse entered the room.
The aunts gathered around Gabriel to place their drink orders, and soon the eight of them were sitting around two tables that had been pulled together. Castiel excused himself to speak to Gabriel. In a low voice, he asked the favor he'd been thinking of since Dean informed him Sam could not come to their wedding. He explained the situation. "So, you need me to bop over to California, scoop up the delectable morsel and bring him here for your I do's...and then get him back before the clock strikes midnight?"
The mattress shifted, and Dean opened his eyes. Cas was adjusting the bedding around himself. At Dean's stare, he smiled. "I thought you'd fallen asleep."
Before they even made it to the clearing, Dean heard voices. Lots of voices. They rounded the small bend in the trail, and Dean stopped. It looked like the entire town was there. Mab, dressed in a white robe threaded with bits of gold, saw him first and came to meet them. "Dean, as the eldest of the sisters, I am honored to welcome you into our family. You are a true and righteous man and will make Castiel a perfect mate. She took Dean's hand and turned it palm up. In it, she placed a ring. It was copper, carved with small symbols. She met his eyes as she closed his hand over the ring. "Copper represents the Goddess of Love. You will give this ring as a symbol of your love for Castiel. We...my sisters and I...have each placed a blessing on your rings."
"He is yours and you are his." She was speaking to Dean and Cas rose slowly, his eyes jumping from Dean to the goddess and back again.
"It makes things better," she said softly. After a few months, Castiel's potions wore off, and he would make her a new one. This last batch helped the change come about less painfully. To Benny, she said, "I heard there was a stranger in town."
Praying to his Goddess, as their breathing returned to normal, Castiel asked Dean wouldn't feel regret. Pierce actually saved the moment.
Seeing his brother off was hard for Dean, and he let the hug last longer than usual. "Be happy, Dean," Sam whispered in his ear before pulling away. Benny waited in his truck to give them a ride back to town, the engine a soft rumble in the clearing. With promises to keep in touch, the three men left. Cas walked back into the cabin. Dean sighed and followed. This wasn't going to be easy.
"Looks good," Dean murmured, picking up his spoon. Castiel sat across from him and didn't look up. He picked up his own spoon and held it over the rich, thick meal. "You hunt?"
Castiel was suddenly there, hovering over him. "I'm here, Dean." The witch reached down and put his palm over Dean's forehead. The cool touch felt nice. "How do you feel?"
After Cas had been gone about twenty minutes, Dean did begin to worry. He went to one of the rear windows, remembering seeing the woodpile next to a lean-to back behind the cabin. He wiped at the condensation on the glass and tried to see out, but the snow was too thick to see anything. He heard a sharp crack and after a few moments, another. Pierce jumped up on the window seal by him and began licking her paws. "He okay out there?"
According to the reports, the last disappearance happened in this general area. He trudged through the woods for about an hour before the snow got heavier. He’d have to turn back or the snow would cover his tracks. He’d be lost for sure. Something ahead caught his attention though and he moved forward. Blood was stark against the white powder. It wasn’t much, just a patch really. He looked around: no other disturbances in the snow. Dean was baffled. Then he made out animal prints. Dog? Wolf? Coyote? Someone had just had dinner, that’s all. Shaking his head, Dean turned and could barely make out his own footprints. He tried to move faster, but the snow was deep here.
"And this is Maeva." This one's hair was so black, it looked blue in the sunlight. She smiled at Dean, and he couldn't help but smile back. They were all beautiful, but Maeva's impish looks made her even more so.
John's face was a mask of anger, but Dean had to finish this. "I love a man, Dad. And I really don't give a shit what you think of me anymore. You would have let Gordon stab me to get to Cas...that's not a father...that's a fuckin' sperm donor." The beeping on John's monitor got faster and louder, but Dean didn't care. "Bobby's gonna make sure you're taken care of, but I wouldn't expect visits from your sons."
Dean gave a self-conscious bark of laughter. "Right...you might not have a need, but Cas..." Cas latched onto Dean's wrist with his other hand, stopping his words.
The man, Castiel, smiled and damn, he was gorgeous. “This is Mo Chara, she is the one who saved your life.”
"Sheriff Lafitte might be able to tell you more." Gabriel leaned back and stuck a lollipop in his mouth.
"You can't pee on the trees around my cabin, Dean. You aren't a dog marking your territory." Castiel sat his jeans down on the bed and flipped back the quilts. Dean squawked and tried to cover himself.
Just before it slammed shut, Castiel heard Benny say, "You might not want to piss off your boyfriend very often. Parts for that car of yours are probably expensive."
He dreamed. His mother, always so beautiful, holding him and singing that old Beatles tune. Sam as a baby, as a boy, graduating from high school. His father, stern and unloving since losing his wife. Lisa, the woman Dean had tried so hard to love. The Impala, his most loved possession.
"Of course," Cas said, his hand already on the handle of the bar's door. Without thinking about his actions, Dean kissed Cas on the forehead before getting into the car beside Sam. They were to the crossroads before anyone spoke.
The damn witch was gathering Dean's clothes and putting them in his duffle. Dean huffed and snatched the bag away, dumping it all out on the bed. "Would you just stop and listen?"
Cas smiled and Dean's fingers forgot how to unbutton his coat. Cas really did have a beautiful smile.
"I saw this..." Dean stopped. Castiel watched in fascination as Dean lined up their cocks so that the tips were touching. Then he carefully pulled Castiel's forseskin over the head of both their cocks, fully enclosing them. "Have you ever..." Dean whispered.
"He can't leave," Castiel called out to be heard over the crowd. All eyes turned to him. "Brighid, who has protected us...protected our town...our children...she won't let him go. He's supposed to be here." Castiel left out the part about Dean being his true mate. In the face of danger, his love life, or lack thereof, wouldn't have a good reception.
"Yep," Bobby replied, his voice tiny through the phone. "Only thing I can think of that leaves a cocoon that big."
"No...witch...touch...me," John uttered, his left hand reached out and grabbed Dean's arm in a death grip.
Pierce, her green eyes blinking slowly, jumped to the bed and sniffed the man’s slightly damp hair. Castiel’s patient mumbled something and Castiel came closer. The patient's eyes opened, shut, and opened again. Castiel was mesmerized by his emerald eyes…so mesmerized he didn’t realize the man had spoke.
Benny went back to screwing in the new lens for his headlight. Castiel wanted to retract his words. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said anything."
Needing to change the subject, Castiel asked, "Will Bobby be traveling with the ambulance when they transfer your father?"
"I have a pump." The man turned and walked to a curtained off area. He pulled back the curtain, and Dean's eyes widened. Sitting in a corner was a huge hollowed out piece of quartz. Definitely big enough for a grown man to sit in. Dean watched in stunned silence as the man...Cas...ti...el...began pumping water into the tub. His arm moved up and down quickly, filling it until it was mere inches from the top. Then he put his hand into the water and mumbled something under his breath, while swirling it in a slow circle. Dean saw steam begin to rise. Steam that hadn't been there before. Eyes narrowed with suspicion, Dean scanned the room until he saw his backpack by the door. It was a good ten feet away. As weak as he was, could he make it there and grab his gun before the witch...because that was the only explanation...could react?
"I'm happy to be stuck with you, dude." Dean began to hum the old Huey Lewis song as he made up his bed on the floor next to the fireplace.
Castiel bent to pick up the amulet. In a soft voice, he said, "Did you have this on you when you were attacked by the Arachne?"
To lighten the conversation, Castiel pointed to the bandage on Dean's arm. "That should be changed."
"I'm sorry, Dean, but you were just so...so cute." Cute? Cute? Seriously...oh, Cas was going to pay.
"No." What had Cas said...safe travels? He remembered looking into the loft while Cas was doing a spell. He thought back. Yes, it was to protect Dean on his travels. But what else? What was causing the dreams? What was causing him to think of Cas every time he smelled cinnamon and nutmeg? "You know anything about love potions?"
"So, this witch saved my life and uhm, they took care of me until I was good...ya know? And then I left to go on a hunt with Bobby, but I couldn't stop thinking about...them...yeah, and so I thought they put a spell or something on me...you know, like slipped me some magic oysters or something."
The next thing Dean became aware of was his teeth chattering and his body shaking uncontrollably. He really thought dying would be less irritating. He grumbled before sinking back into his dreams. Dreams of gentle hands rubbing his arms, a soft humming, and then even softer words telling him he was going to be alright.
“No, Dean. But that was eight years ago, a significant passage of time for a human. Your bodies change constantly over a lifetime. The closer you get to forty…”
"Dean...look at me." Castiel needed to see Dean come undone. He needed it like he needed air to breathe. Dean looked up and met his eyes. The way Dean said his name...reverently. It was Castiel's undoing.
He awoke to Cas gently shaking his arm. Once Cas left the cabin, Dean got up and poked around a bit. He wanted to go up the ladder and look closer at Cas' altar. But the tub seemed to call to him. It looked so inviting, and he really wouldn't mind relaxing in it. Without Cas to make the water hot, he was out of luck.
"You look so good, Dean," Cas whispered, leaning his forehead to Dean's. Cas started moving his hand on his own cock. Dean became mesmerized. Watching them jerk off side-by-side was one of the most erotic things Dean had ever experienced...or maybe it was just because he loved Cas.
He knelt in the pentagram, pointing his athame at the sky and then at the ground. "Spirit of evil, unfriendly beings, unwanted guests, begone. Leave us. Leave this place. Goddess, keep us safe, invisible from harm." He dipped his athame into the ashes left in his cauldron and closed his eyes. He could see the trail of ash left by the gypsies. It surrounded the entire town, reaching out to include all those who lived in the woods. He pricked his palm with the ceremonial dagger and let his blood drop into the cauldron. "Invisible from harm," he repeated softly.
Everyone seemed to be looking at everyone else. "Well, I'd love to stay around for this clusterfuck, but I'm not getting a warm fuzzy feeling from Dean-o here." With a rustle of feathers, Gabriel disappeared.
As he rode home, his mind was going back and forth between sadness that Sam couldn't afford to fly back so soon and excitement to try the new thing. His brother had sounded upbeat and while concerned Dean was rushing things, he was happy for him. He'd promised to come visit them soon.
"Dean," Sam screeched through the phone, causing Dean to wince and hold the receiver away from his ear. "Start at the beginning and tell me everything this time."
Knowing if he thought about this too much, he'd freak out, Dean slipped off the bed and dropped to his knees. He looked up at Cas while he unbuttoned Cas' jeans. Cas' hand covered his, hindering them. They didn't speak, and Dean tried to project everything he was feeling into his eyes. Cas let go and brushed his fingers through Dean's hair. Getting the zipper down with someone sitting was difficult, but Dean managed. It definitely didn't look as smooth and sexy as he wanted. Now, he had to get past the underwear. Porn made this look so damn easy. Cas finally seemed to take pity on him and leaned back, effectively shoving his jeans and boxers down to mid-thigh. Dean pulled off the man's boots and stripped off his socks before pulling his pants all the way off.
"Yeah, sure," Dean whispered and dipped his fingers in, pulling out a healthy amount of the thick oil. He stroked his cock with it, loving the feel of the smooth texture against his skin. Cas tucked his hands under his knees and pulled them towards his chest, exposing his glistening hole. Gripping the base of his cock so hard that it almost hurt, Dean brought the head to the rim and rubbed it up and down.
In true Dean fashion, he avoided talking to Cas about anything that could turn the conversation towards more personal subjects...like true mates. Since Cas cooked and was sharing his home with him, Dean cleaned up the dishes. He was aware of Cas moving around the cabin. Very aware. When he came out from behind the curtain in just a pair of flannel sleep pants, Dean had to turn away.
"Oh...well...whatever you do...or don't do...don't do it naked." Dean's mind hit the gutter hard. Cas naked was the thing fantasies were made of. As if reading his mind, Cas chuckled softly.
"It is not the same thing," Castiel snapped. Dean smirked. He'd finally gotten a rise out of the guy. "A ritual is a ceremony done repeatedly at a specific time for a specific event. Marriage and baptisms are rituals. A spell is a special recipe combined with words of synchronized energy. And I have never conjured a demon in my life. I never will." Castiel's movements were agitated, and he slammed the bowls on the table. Mouth pursed, he sat out a loaf of bread and then moved towards the bed. "It is time to eat."
"Tamara. She has been running a fever for three days now. Nothing the elders have tried seems to work."
Cas opened a wooden box on the porch and pulled out a length of cord. Snow was still coming down heavily and already drifts were up against the steps and the sides of the cabin. Nightfall didn't help matters. Dean couldn't see anything. Cas quickly tied a knot around the railing and stepped off into the swirling whiteness. "Hang onto the line," Cas called back to him.
"Dean, you don't have to. I'm very pleased with the way things are." Dean knew Cas meant that and it made him want to try this even more.
"Casper...but Sam..." But if he hadn't been chasing the imaginary wendigo, he wouldn't have met Cas. He stopped in his tracks, closed his eyes and worried his bottom lip with his teeth. Cas. He'd have never met Cas, and that was suddenly very important.
"How did you know about that?" Dean's posture was aggressive. Hands fisted, feet planted apart, chin raised.
“I understand how important it is for you to be viewed as sexually desirable to the opposite sex. You place great value on your sex appeal, Dean. But I assure you, you are just as appealing now as you were the day I first gazed upon you,” Castiel spoke with all seriousness.
Dean looked down at his hand, still clutched in Missouri's, but he didn't pull away. "My brother and my...friend...Benny's friend too...they're coming..." Dean hung his head for a minute, as if gathering his confidence. When he looked up, he locked eyes with Castiel. Castiel nodded and gave him a reassuring smile. "My father and another hunter are out there somewhere. They're looking for me."
That’s when he saw the dark lump near the center of the river, now iced over from the winter. The wolf was circling the still form. Castiel held out his hands and closed his eyes. He took his first step on to the icy surface. He cleared his mind and took another step, then another.
Dean read the paragraph again and then a third time. He felt shame at the harsh words he'd said to Cas. He closed the book and leaned back. Cas' head was still bent over sprigs of herbs and bottles of what looked like oils. "Cas?"
"Dean, when I bathe, I don't fill the tub all the way up like I did when you were suffering from hypothermia. It doesn't take long to fill, you will have clean water."
Beside the general store was a old bar, or at least, Dean assumed it was a bar by the faded Bud Light sign by the door. He pushed inside. The place was empty, but the lights were on. Dean called out, "Anyone here?"
Before Sam could respond, Dr. O'Brien came around the edge of the curtain. "All taken care of, I see. Follow me, and I'll take you to your father. He's awake, but don't expect him to be able to communicate. Talk to him. He's feeling confused and scared right now."
"Damn. A girl can try..." She turned away from the bed to address Castiel. "Seeing your boyfriend naked isn't the reason I'm here, though."
"What the hell just happened?" Dean asked, looking around, stunned and still feeling slightly nauseous.
The wind picked up, sending snow from the tree boughs in all directions. Dean wasn't surprised to see the candles stay lit. He could feel electricity in the air and something seemed to move above Cas. A woman appeared, blonde hair in braids down her back.
The soft tug on his sac, the obscene wet sounds, and the feel of Dean's mouth on his overly sensitive cock...all were sending him closer and closer to the abyss. He wanted to fall with Dean. Using every ounce of will he had, he gripped Dean's hair and pulled him away. Dean's expression was confused. "I'm sorry. I'm not very experienced."
"Castiel, he defends you. This human would defy me to try to protect you. Do you see it now?" Dean watched Cas bow his head and nod weakly. Dean's eyes found the goddess again.
"Weird? Is everything okay? Where the hell are you, Dean. I've been calling your cell, and it keeps going to voicemail."
Dean grasped the side of the tub, and the water sloshed around him. Before he could fall back into the water, he felt Castiel's arms on him. He was plopped down on the edge of the smooth quartz, and the towel was wrapped around his shoulders. "Thanks," Dean muttered, hating how weak he felt. The towel didn't cover much, but he wasn't in the best of shape to do anything about it.
"Yeah, whatever..." Dean said, finally swinging his legs off the snowmobile. "...getting back to your wolf..."
"Your body is suffering from hypothermia. It will take some time for it to recover. I will prepare a bath for you and that will help speed your recovery."
Cas assured him that he was just having a nightmare, but the feeling something was wrong wouldn't go away. Then Cas left again, going up the ladder. Dean was sitting up now and knew he should get dressed and go...despite the darkness outside. He felt antsy and his hands were still shaking.
Castiel downed the drink before answering. "Denial? I don't know. We haven't spent a lot of time...talking about things... We've been caught up in this situation with his father." He nudged the glass towards the bottle, and Gabriel poured another shot.
"Apple." Dean leaned back in the booth and popped his neck a few times. Hours in the car took more of a toll on him the older he got. He took another sip of his coffee and the waitress, he thought her name was Denise, sat his pie in front of him. He smiled at her and picked up his fork. She waited beside him until he took the first bite. The aroma was amazing. He closed his eyes and Cas' face appeared. He remembered Cas' scent. Nutmeg and cinnamon.
Castiel woke with a horrible sense of foreboding. Then his leg grazed up against Dean's, and he pushed those thoughts out of his mind. He looked over at the tousled brown hair. Dean was facing away from him, and he wanted nothing more than to touch his warm skin...to trail his fingers over his ribs and the flare of his hip. He'd wanted Dean so badly last night, but there were things that must be dealt with before they could even think about their future. Dean had so many doubts, not only about the two of them, but he also doubted himself and his self-worth.
"A freakin' bathrobe ain't going to cut it, Cas. Your great aunts will be here. Christ Almighty, a bunch of old ladies are not going to see my junk." Cas just laughed at him, like baring his naughty bits to a bunch of strangers was just fuckin' hilarious.
"Most of the time, yeah." He grinned, and Cas looked away. Dean could see he was fighting a smile. "It's because I'm so fuckin' adorable. Don't fight it, Babe." And there it was...Cas smiled.
"Dad?" Sam and Dean both said together. Castiel narrowed his eyes. Something was going on...something bad.
"You should praise her and pick it up. You can wrap it in a piece of cloth and put it in your coat pocket. When we get further from the house, we can dispose of it."
"Think I could borrow your dad's truck to go up to Casper to get the battery for your car, the parts for my truck, and new tires for Bobby's," Benny asked Dean.
"Hey, uhm, Cas?" Dean stood up. Nature was calling, and he'd put off the trip to the outhouse as long as he could.
Dean simply grunted his approval and poured some onto his finger. Castiel watched him clean his teeth for a few seconds and then rummaged in his dresser for more sleep pants. He remembered he'd left his laundry at Benny's with all the excitement of Dean's surprise visit. Benny would probably bring them when he came out in the morning to check on him.
Cas was slow, letting his hips rock gently against Dean. Dean needed more. His met each easy thrust with a snap of his hips, eyes locked with Cas'. When Cas didn't comply with his silent demand, he changed tactics. He trailed his hand down his chest and over his belly before wrapping his fist around his hard cock. Cas followed the movement and Dean was pleased at the hitch of his husband's breath. "Dean." Hearing his name in Cas' gravelly voice thrilled Dean. Cas looked amazing. His hair was damp with sweat and it stood out in a riot around his face. Beads of perspiration dotted his forehead and upper lip.
"Gabriel can pass for a human better than some of us," Castiel answered, nodding towards Benny. "He can also disappear if there is danger."
Benny looked away, and Castiel didn't push. Dean had watched the exchange with interest. He stood up and stretched. Castiel hid his smile. Dean was showing off. If he didn't know any better, he'd swear Dean was staking his claim.
He saw her then, her top half was still human looking, but her lower body was that of a large spider. "You're one ugly bitch," Dean called out to her. She hissed again. As she gathered herself to leap, Dean ran right at her, but she was too fast and shot a stream of webbing. It knocked the machete out of his hands. Before he could reach for it, she screeched. Bobby had got one of her legs and a green fluid jetted out of the stump. Dean grabbed his weapon and charged. He saw his mistake as she spun her web around his arm. As she raised her clawed hands, Dean closed his eyes preparing for what, he didn't know. Death? Excruciating pain? Her screech shocked him into opening them again. She was backing away from him, snarling and spitting. Bobby raised his machete and her head flew into the underbrush. Her body crumpled and jerked a few times before it stilled.
Cas' eyes didn't waver, they continued to gaze into Dean's like Dean really meant something...like Dean was worth loving. "Fuck," Dean hissed and shut his eyes. For a moment, he pretended he was worthy of the looks Cas gave him. He flinched when he felt Cas' hand on his chest again.
The former angel’s face lit up and Dean saw a smile he had never seen before, a transcendent full face smile that Dean almost cried to witness.
Dean laughed, big and easy, throwing his head back, “yeah Cas, we are aren’t we. Let’s keep going then” and they carried on down the street hand in hand.
“Let’s find a bed for the night, ok and then I promise I’ll tell you what’s on my mind” said Dean. It turned out to be pretty easy, with a nice enough looking motel appearing a few blocks from the restaurant. Dean got them a room with two queen beds and they got settled in. Sitting facing Cas on the other bed, Dean’s nerves were threatening to get the better off him, but he drew in a big breath and tried to calm himself.
“You know man, I think we need a road trip, a chance to get some air and get out of here. What do you think?”
“I just don’t know what to do,” Castiel sobbed, “I used to be a warrior, feared and respected by many. Now I’m dressed in cast off clothes, I have no purpose and I have no way to contribute. I want to be useful.” Eventually his tears dried up and Dean sat back as Castiel straightened up and wiped his eyes.
In one of those rare moments of complete understanding, Cas climbed up on the hood o the Impala next to Dean and cupped Dean’s chin with his hand, turning Dean to look at him, which had Dean looking at him in confusion and a bit of fear. Cas’s face was understanding and warm, and Dean wanted to look away.
“Sure Cas, you’re welcome. Let’s get the stuff inside and I’ll make us some burgers.” He raised his voice and Sam came around the side of the cabin. They had the bags and the groceries unloaded quickly and Dean started in on cleaning the grill out on the deck. Sam was puttering around salting the windows and doors and unpacking his duffle bag. Castiel took the time to at least put his duffle in the small room at the back of the house opposite the other two rooms. It looked out over the beach and held only a twin bed, dresser and a small wooden chair for a bedside table. Castiel unpacked his book and wandered out to where Dean was working.
“Sam, Cas and I were talking and what do you say to a road trip? Just head out and find a shack by the ocean, grill meat and drink beer?”
“Cas do you think you would like to be boyfriends, err partners if you want?” said Dean, suddenly very interested in his boots.
“Dean this area is a resting place for the monarch butterflies that migrate south to Mexico every year. They come from the north, rest here and carry on south. Today and tomorrow are ideal days to see them.” Cas whirled around to stare at Dean in wonder. “How did you know about this Dean?”
“I had thought we were already partners. We hunt together, eat together and have slept together. Does that not constitute partners?”
With that he settled into a deck chair, opened his book and took a sip of beer and got lost in the world of Fran and Stu, Randall Flagg and Mother Abigail. The food was excellent and after one more beer and another chapter of his book, Castiel decided to walk down to the water. Dean stretched out in his deck chair, full of food and watched Castiel wander the beach. His mind cast forward into the future and tried to imagine them hunting as a trio. They had done it a few times, but now the image of a very human Castiel getting injured made Dean clench his teeth.
“The curse won’t allow you to - uh -“ his eyes flickered away for a moment. That alone was so weird that it was almost enough to clear Dean’s head a little. “To satisfy yourself.”
“Yes,” Cas says, hoarse and hot, swaying a little into Dean’s touch. When Dean kisses the knot of his jawbone, he tilts his head obligingly, breathless. “Very much.”
Dean slurps on his soda, emphatically, hoping Jack will take that and run with it. How do you help a phenomenal cosmic power with his self-esteem issues? Hell, Dean doesn’t even know how to deal with his entirely too human issues.
“Remember those guys from that alternate dimension,” he begins, which is one of those weird statements that only people in their line of work ever have to make; like
In the early days, Dean would call almost every night, and couldn't sleep until he did. Most of the time, he’d have a bottle in the other hand while he did it, but he’d sworn off the heavy stuff  after Lilly was born, so there’ll be none of that now.
Lilly sighs, laying her head on Dean’s shoulder. The photo has been here her entire life, and Dean’s not sure she’s ever looked at it. Most of the time, he tries not to look at it. “He looks nice,” she says.
“Later, maybe,” Cas smiles, reaches over to put his hand on Dean’s thigh, and leans back in his seat.
For now, Rowena was working very diligently to teach him how to dance. Jack wasn’t showing much aptitude for it, but he seemed to be enjoying the process; his face decorated with a smile that had hardly slipped in hours, his shy laughter sometimes audible over the music as Rowena coaxed him into increasingly complicated steps.
“Sorry,” Dean said almost immediately as Cas came down the stairs. “I was gonna come right back, but I - needed a break, I guess.”
“Oh you think that’s fucking funny, do you?” Dean mutters, hoarsely, nosing into Cas’ messy hair, where he smells like the wind in the coldest part of winter.
“Cas - hey.” Cas flinched, blinked, suddenly aware of Dean’s hand on his arm, pulling him gently from his reverie. Dean’s sun-spattered face was set with the shadow of worry. The light made his eyes jewel-green, sparked against the constellations of freckles on his cheeks. “You good?”
As soon as he says it, Cas’ hands come up so fast that they almost fly off his wrists before they get hold of the sopping fabric of Dean’s flannel, stopping there, frozen. He binks at Dean in surprise, his eyes almost luminescent in the low light. His grace may be muted these days, existing in some kind of weird symbiosis with the soul that he - apparently - created for himself, out of sheer fucking determination; but he’s still an angel, deep down. He still has a set of wings and something unearthly about him that has always pulled Dean in, like a fishhook in his heart.
“Cas -” Dean cuts him off, not sharply, but firmly; reaches across the seat and squeezes his arm, familiar, sturdy. “I know, alright. But…”  Dean hesitates - but then thinks
Maybe angel mojo could dull it a little, even if it couldn’t lift the curse. Hell, Cas could knock him over the fucking head, and Dean would thank him when he woke up.
Cas has been back for almost a month, and it’s been great - honestly it has; it’s been probably one of the best months of Dean’s entire life since he was four years old (and isn’t that fucking sad) - but it feels like there are eyes on them, all the time. It makes Dean feel like his damned skin is going to crawl off. He knows they’re not judging him - they’re
He might still call, though. He hasn’t in a long time - five, maybe six months. He’s still got his finger hovering just over the screen, trying to decide, when the phone starts to ring. There’s no caller ID, but that doesn’t mean it isn’t someone Dean knows.
“Dean.”  Sam’s hand squeezes his shoulder, and Dean barely feels it. What he does feel is his chest constricting, his ribs collapsing over his lungs and heart. A dark haze blooms at the edges of his vision, narrowing the world to Jack’s face, to the glass of tears over his eyes as he says, “Dean - Dean I’m sorry…”
Cas hums, kisses Dean’s shoulder, and then doesn’t pull away, just sort of rests there with his mouth and the pleasantly scratchy stubble on his cheeks. He smells like salt water and sunshine and the coconut sweetness of the sunscreen he lets Dean rub into his back and shoulders because Dean will be damned if either one of them is going to die of something as stupid as skin cancer, after everything they managed to outlive. His fingertips skim and skate over Dean’s back - high at first, but gradually dipping lower until they tease the small of Dean’s back, and Cas bumps up against him, a bit like an affectionate cat.
That turns out to be an understatement. The place looks clean enough, but it has a huge, gaudy neon sign out front that’s probably the bane of the town council because it ruins the town’s otherwise perfect Pleasantville aesthetic. Dean pulls up outside the office, and when Cas moves to get out, pats him quickly on the arm.
Sam laughs, “And? Eileen killed a ghoul when she was six months pregnant. Hell - if not for that wraith in El Paso, Lilly wouldn’t even exist.”
“Con-concerning how, exactly?” Dean really wanted the fear he felt to dampen his fucking hard-on, but it wasn’t working.
“Holy shit Cas…” This is about to be the shortest race he’s ever run - but the way Cas surges against him, licks into his panting mouth, drags blunt fingernails down Dean’s back, how the hell can he stop himself? He slides against the warm, perfect groove of Cas’ hip, gets a hand between them, around Cas’ cock, and lets himself fall apart.
“Cas?” It comes out as barely a whisper, and he has to pause, clear his throat. “I - I uh - don’t know if you're still tuned into this frequency at all...We’re here, Cas. We heard you.
when he’s got Dean spread out in bed, breathless and shaking. Maybe he does it to remind himself as much as Dean, that they’re here now, that there’s no more end in sight.
Dean pinches him, and Cas rolls his eyes and shoves Dean’s shoulder with his other foot. He’s wearing ridiculous socks, with pink and purple polka dots - picked them himself, and Dean didn’t have the heart to say anything against it, like how Cas should have
in the living room: candles and weird objects that he slaps Dean’s anxious hands away from, sigils painted in an alarming assortment of fluids. Dean starts to feel more and more anxious that it isn’t going to work - Cas isn’t a spirit, they’re not even sure that he’s on
Dean huffs. Castiel watches his breath curl around his cheeks, soft and grey before it disappears. “Didn’t look minor when you were bleeding all over the counter.”
“Uh, thanks. Thanks Cas. I appreciate it.” Dean winced at himself. The words sounded stupider out loud even than he’d figured they would. But what else was he supposed to say: I appreciate you being willing to fuck me senseless so that I don’t literally die of a cursed case of blue balls?
Dean looked at him, calm, perhaps slightly reverent, though he could never confess it. His eyes were very bright in the low light, his lips parted slightly. Cas wanted to kiss him, but didn’t.
Against his better judgement, Dean steps inside, and closes the door behind himself. Cas swings his legs over the side of the bed, making room for him to sit.  He looks strange, dressed in an extra pair of Dean’s sweats, an old T-shirt, sitting there in the dark.
Jack shows up as they’re eating breakfast, popping into the room with a rush of energy that makes the curtains swirl and sets the clock back three and a half minutes.
The room is humid. The sheets stick to Dean’s back. The heater goes quiet. Cas lies half beside Dean, and half on top of him, like it can’t quite let go, both of them trying to catch their breath in the almost-silence that always pervades cheap motel rooms - with the sounds of neighbouring rooms, and the world outside, always edging in through the cracks.
At the sound of Cas’ voice, Dean felt a hot surge of wanting flood through his body. He recoiled, staggering away from the door as the whole room spun around him. Suddenly, he couldn’t breathe, his vision black at the edges. He needed to sit, except instead of finding the bed or the desk chair, he hit the floor, knocking over his lamp as he went down.
“Alright, alright,” Dean laughs, face suddenly hot.  He shoves open the door and lets cool air flood into the car. “Slow down Cassanova. Maybe I need to fuel up first, huh?” Though he suddenly doesn’t feel all that hungry. He’s been thinking about it, of course - since the sun started sinking, particularly - the motel room that’s inevitably in their future, and what’s going to happen once they get there. It’s not inexperience that makes his skin tingle with nervous energy at the thought. Dean has always known he liked looking at other guys - liked strong shoulders and strong jaw lines and big, work-roughened hands - even liked fooling around with them, particularly when he was younger and stupider and prettier; but that’s all it was:
This concludes Dean’s daily dose of embarrassment, apparently; so he makes a tactical retreat to the living room, where Cas is holed up on the couch with a book he pilfered from one of Sam and Eileen’s many, many shelves. When Dean approaches, he helpfully lifts his legs to make room, and then deposits his feet in Dean’s lap when Dean sits down.
“Guacamole?” Jack asks, his shadow falling over the bench a second later, like it has to catch up with him.
Cas huffs, breathless, frustrated; cups Dean’s face in his hands. “Don’t mistake me Dean - what I mean is....I never thought I would have this. I’m...not sure it’s safe to want more, yet.”
Not that today was the day to do it. Maybe tomorrow, or in two weeks, or a month. Once Dean had the chance to work the sharp edges off of it. He was getting really good at
when Jack adds another theme park to his increasingly long list of places they should visit; or - and this is probably Dean’s favourite, even if he won’t admit it -
Next, Cas’ fingers slip up underneath the hem of Dean's shirt, and Dean feels his stomach shiver, a fresh wave of gooseflesh breaking out across his damp skin. The shirt is even more stubborn than the flannel, catching across Dean’s shoulders. He lifts his arms without being asked, twisting his head with a grunt when the collar catches for a second on the tip of his nose.
The paint itches, and it reeks (of course). Eileen waves to Lilly, playing in the sandbox, and then closes the curtains.  Just in case. Dean stands awkwardly in the middle of the kitchen floor and tries not to scratch at his arms, while Sam starts his long recitation.
to go back downstairs and sleep on the couch. He wants to be where Cas is, to know that he’s there. “Alright.”
“Hey - you -” Dean starts, feeling the familiar fire of anger rising in his chest before he can quite manage to smother it. He shouldn’t be angry, because he doesn’t envy Sam at all - not really. Mostly, he’s just glad. Glad that Sam gets his life, his house, his stupid, hybrid car and his little family. It never broke his heart the way Sam worried it would - hell, the way Dean worried it would, back before he grew up enough to know better. This might be Sam’s family, but it’s his, too - and his world is bigger, brighter with Elieen and Lilly in it.
“Dunno.” Dean slurps back the last of his drink, letting the hollow rattle of the empty straw drag out for a good few seconds, just to make sure he got it all. “Now finish your fries.”
But as much as he wanted to, he couldn’t. Like, physically fucking couldn’t. Every time Dean thought about putting a hand near his dick, it was actually physically painful; like driving the tip of his tongue into the pulp of a broken tooth, pain that was hot and electric and pounding. He had even tried humping against his pillow like some keyed up teenager - no hands involved there - but he’d got as far as one thrust and almost puked on the floor because it felt like his skull was literally going to crack down the middle.
notice, and openly laughed. Her face had a permanent flush of joy that mirrored Sam’s. It was impossible to look at them and not feel light, and warm with happiness.
“Unfair,” Jack agrees. “And complicated. How do I choose who to intervene for? And what about the situations that I don’t intervene in? Even thinking about it I can’t -”
“Yeah,” a slow, huge smile spread over Dean’s face. “It’s good though. It’s good. They’re happy. That’s what I always wanted for him, ya know?”
“Hey kid - I know you’re busy or whatever. But if you’ve maybe got twenty minutes...I’ve got lunch. I even had them put that green goop on your burger that you like.”
The night quickly came alive with laughter and music. Tables were moved to make way for a sort of impromptu dance floor in the grass, and people clustered together, talking, drinking. Cas lingered near the edge of the canopy, watching the scene, nursing a beer; enjoying the whole thing more by osmosis than participation.
Eileen spins the book around, and jabs the page. Dean can’t read what it says, but the drawing in the center is pretty easy to understand - a big door. “We have to find a threshold; a place where the veil is thin. Or we have to create one. We draw him to it, and then we pull him across.”
“Hey,” Dean says, hesitant, gentle. He curls a hand, beckoning Cas over, and Cas practically runs right into him, might have bowled Dean right over if Dean hadn’t put hands out to stop him. “Easy, tiger.”
Okay, that vamp nest a couple of months ago had turned out a bit dicey, but he’d been alright in the end; and who knows more about handling vamps than Dean Winchester? Nobody, that’s who.
“You know exactly what you’re doing, Dean,” Sam says, cutting him off. “Just lean into it a little. Don’t worry about the end. Not everything is a disaster waiting to happen.”
Dean squashed himself between Sam and the mirror and started doing up the buttons on his brother’s vest.
“Holy shit,” Dean rasps, mindlessly tipping his head back against the mattress so that Cas can have full, unfettered access to the length of his throat. He feels Cas’ hot hand drag a path up the inside of his thigh and laughs again, feeling delirious. “You've been holding out on me, Cas.”
Dean pulls his shirt off, drops it to the floor. Cas makes a low, hungry noise, and immediately his hands are everywhere, skimming so reverently over Dean’s exposed skin that it aches, makes Dean gasp and push both his hands under Cas’ shirt, just to have something solid underneath them. He presses his mouth to the skin showing just above Cas’ collar, wets it with his tongue, sucks until Cas groans, deep in his throat and grabs restlessly at the hem of his own shirt.
“Fine. Instead of more hunting...” Sam starts, and Dean leans back, fights the urge to put his feet up on the coffee table, because he’s about ninety percent sure where this is going, and he’s already exhausted over it. “Maybe you could take a break - for the winter. Lilly would love to have you around more.”
“I dunno. Is there any place you want to visit? World’s biggest ball of twine? Hole n’ The Rock? The Corn Palace?”
Dean completes the circle. There’s a soft burst of light, and the air smells suddenly, sharply, of burning hair. Why is it that magic can never smell nice? The air buzzes faintly, and the hairs on Dean’s arms stand up. Dean is suddenly very aware of the blood moving around in his brain. He has a horrible premonition of his head exploding like an overripe jack-o-lantern packed full of fireworks, but pushes it aside. He folds his hands together, fingers interlocked, and bows his head until his forehead rests against them. Then he prays.
The girl - Anya, her name tag says, with a little smiley face drawn on in sharpie pen at the end - checks the meter. “Nope. Must be a real gas guzzler.”
He pulls Cas close with trembling hands, mouthing, kissing almost mindlessly at his jaw and neck, riding that edge of pleasure and adrenaline until it’s almost too much, almost unbearable; until Cas’ shoulders finally tense under his palms, and he gasps Dean’s name, brokenly, hips stuttering, and unravels with a long, sweet sigh.
Cas was, politely, keeping his eyes turned slightly upwards, as if the join of the wall and the ceiling on the other side of the room was extremely interesting. “I’ve never had the opportunity to put it to this exact use, but...I expect it would exceed the endurance of a human partner.
But even as he says it, there’s this tiny seed of doubt taking root in his chest. Dean is good at doubt, he always has been.
It’s not any quieter. Dean has stood next to speakers at rocks concerts that made him feel less  like his bones were vibrating. He grits his teeth against it. The skin on his arms feels like it’s on fire. “You can see me - can you get here?”
“Yeah, alright.” Dean’s eyes dart away, embarrassed. “If you say so.” He closes the negligible distance left between them, bumping his chilled nose gently against Castiel’s cheek in a wordless petition. Castiel draws back a little, so that Dean will follow him, so that he will make a tiny, pleading noise just before Castiel kisses him; barely a brush of lips until Dean’s fingers dig into the fabric of his coat, then gently deeper, so that Dean huffs in soft relief and his shoulders finally relax.
They’re not so different like that, Dean thinks. He’s never really believed he could have what he wanted either.
“You...think a lot about touching my dick, Cas?”  If he’d had more blood in his brain and less in his dick, Dean wouldn’t have asked.
“Uncle Dean?” Lilly stands on the stairs, in her white and green frog pyjamas that Dean got her for her last birthday, which she still insists on wearing, even though they’re going short at the cuffs, because she likes them best.
“Go,” Cas countered, gesturing emphatically - perhaps vaguely threateningly - with the mallet still gripped in his hand. “Look after your brother.”
He exhales, inhales, breathes, breathes, breathes, and unclenches his trembling fists. “Sure,” he says, finally. “Okay.”
The memory of the argument that followed is sour at the back of his throat, makes his eyes sting, like onion vapour.
Cas smiles in that stupidly endearing way that wrinkles up the bridge of his nose. “I already said I would. Now I’m very curious about this Corn Palace.”
Dean stopped pacing. His footsteps on the hard floor seemed incredibly loud; loud enough to echo off the inside of his skull. He tangled both hands in his hair, pressing down with his palms as if that could possibly ease the pressure. Fuck, it was hot. His shirt stuck uncomfortably to his back. His jeans chafed against his thighs. He peeled off the flannel over his T-shirt and tossed it onto the bed.
“Dean,” Sam sighs, stirring his awful bowl of chia seed porridge.  If he had eaten like that as a kid, he never would have grown into such a giant.
“Hey,” Dean squeezes his shoulder, reassuring. “Don’t worry about it, okay? You’re doing a good job. The planet hasn’t blown up yet, anyway, so that’s something.”
“Great,” Dean leans into Cas’ touch, shivering as Cas’ fingertips trail down his neck, over his shoulder, along the ridge of his shoulder blade. “I just needed a break. Told Sam we’d meet them down on the boardwalk for dinner.”
It’s a just punishment, more or less. Dean glances over to where Sam is working at the cutting board has to fight the urge to gag. “Well I’m not gonna forgive Sammy for all that green stuff - are you kidding? Please tell me there’s meat on this menu.”
“Right!” Lilly laughs, already springing away across the yard. Her cheeks glow pink against the cold of the hazy morning. Castiel’s own face feels stiff, and he stuffs his chilled hands into the pockets of his coat as he trails after her across the lawn. He
“Uh-huh.” Her tiny feet pad across the rug, and she climbs into his lap, lays her head on his shoulder. Her hair smells like the strawberry shampoo she likes best, the stuff that comes in the little fish-shaped bottle.
He looks over. Cas’ face is flushed, shining with the exertion. His hair is a fucked up mess from all the time that Dean’s hand spent tangled up in it. Dean loves him like that; loves him every which way.
Dean feels like his head is going to combust, scorch his entire body from the neck down. But he does appreciate the sentiment.  Kind of.
- “ Dean sigh, closing his hands into fists - the shape they still know best, as much as he fights it. “I’m still not sure I know.”
Silence. It’s so quiet that Dean can hear the clock in the kitchen, ticking, can hear the subtle shift of cloth against cloth, of hushed breath as the others wait anxiously; he can hear his own heartbeat loudest of all. His head starts to pound along with it.
Dean glances over, takes in Cas’ calm, but slightly confused face. “What - no. Not a real haunting, Cas. Like - like for fun.”
“Sam!” He pounded his fists on the door, suddenly claustrophobic. “Sammy!” He needed to get out of this room. He needed water. He needed…
“Until the sigil burns off. A few minutes hopefully. I tried to make a few modifications to stretch the time. The issue is that using someone as a conduit who doesn’t actually have any skill as a medium might have some...adverse effects.”
for him, as horrifying as that is - but there are some things you just don’t do in your little brother’s house.
Lilly, predictably, thinks Cas is the greatest person she’s ever met. She shows him all her favourite toys, her leaf collection, her rocks; makes him read her favourite book -
Cas says it the way he says most things - with no particular emphasis. Still, it hits Dean like a kick to the chest, making him suck in a hard breath through his teeth. The room feels suddenly smaller, hotter, darker. Cas stands very still, but Dean is shaking. He can feel the tremor in his shoulders, his arms. It’s not from the cold, even though the rain managed to soak them through, because digging up the graves took for-fucking-ever, even with Claire and Kaia helping. It’s not even the last traces of adrenaline trickling out of his blood. He’s shaking and shaking, and it’s too much right now to think about why.
“Honestly? Not very good, Cas.” He was sweating like a cornered nun, and his skin felt about two sizes too small. His balls ached, and where his dick was trapped behind his zipper, Dean could feel it throbbing, leaking into his shorts.
he was feeling. The relief was momentary at best. His hard-on barely flagged, but at least for a minute, he could almost think clearly; he could feel something aside from a desperate, burning need. That
Dean’s stomach swoops, and he swallows it down, hears his own throat click in the quiet darkness. “I - “ he tries, but the excuse doesn’t really exist. He doesn’t
“I know,” Dean fought against his chattering teeth. His feet were going numb. When he looked down at himself, the sight of his aching dick made him jerk his hips helplessly against nothing. “I know, Cas. I - fuck - you gotta
“Is that good?” Cas asks, hot against the side of Dean’s neck. He curls his fingers around Dean’s cock, drags his thumb over the slick, tingling head so that Dean’s breath catches in his throat. “Do you like the way that feels?”
“Hey,” Dean murmurs, nudging in a little bit more, until it seems almost impossible that their mouths
.” Dean wraps his free hand around the slats in the headboard, slick palm slipping on cool metal. Droplets of sweat shine on the column of Cas’ neck, and moisture curls his sun-bleached hair. He drags his palm down the center of Dean’s chest, over his belly, smiling huge and beautiful, and that’s it - somehow that’s all Dean needs, not even a hand properly around his dick, just the unbridled joy on Cas’ flushed face to push him over the edge into shaking oblivion.
They leave after breakfast the next morning, promise up and down they’ll be back soon, soon, no later than Thanksgiving, because Sam can’t cook a turkey to save his life so Dean has to be the hero in that situation; and then they point Baby out onto the highway and
Jack scowls at him, but at this point, Dean is so accustomed to attracting negative attention from beings of powerful celestial intent that it doesn’t faze him at all.  If the kid wants to smite him, he’s welcome to try.
Cas was stroking his back again, trying to calm him, maybe, like Dean was a startled animal. “What else did you think about?”
Sam and Eileen were meant to walk back down the aisle together - at least as Cas understood the process - but instead, Sam took three great strides to the front row of chairs, and, laughing, hauled Dean to his feet and into a crushing hug. Dean managed only a croak of protest as Sam reached over and pulled Jack in, too. Dean and Eileen both pulled Cas in to complete the tangle of laughter and limbs.
Dean finally conquers the stubborn knot in Cas’ drawstring, and shoves his trunks down. Cas steps out of them as they fall around his ankles and climbs into Dean’s lap, takes Dean’s face in both of his good, strong hands, and leans in to kiss him.
Cas palmed the back of his neck, steady, solid. “I will do whatever I can to help you, Dean. I’m happy to do it.”
The guest bedroom isn’t so much a “guest” room as it is Dean’s room. Maybe he can’t have all his knives and his slightly morbid trophies on display - at least until Lilly gets a little older - but his clothes are in the closet and his books sit on the small shelf, along with a few harmless magical objects, and his favorite pictures sit on the bedside table.
There’s a missed call on his cell when he gets out of the shower, but it turns out to be a hang-up, from an unknown number. Probably a mistake. Dean packs up his gear, has two cups of coffee from the motel room coffee maker, which taste distinctly and familiarly of rust, and then hits the road.  It’s September, and kind of already too cold to be driving with all the windows down, but Dean does it anyway, music blaring, the ashy smell of early autumn filling up the Impala, chasing away the faint smell of grave dirt from last night’s hunt. His back aches a little, but in the satisfying way of a job well done, not in a way that reminds him that he’s getting old, and he drums his hands on the steering wheel to the beat of the music, half-singing along.
Jack goes quiet after that, just eating his burger. It’s actually a nice day for eating outside, Dean thinks - maybe one of the last really nice days they’re going to get.
It had often seemed a long and difficult year, since Chuck’s defeat, since Cas’ return from the Empty - learning to exist in the new, seemingly precarious world: Jack’s powers and his own lack of them; he and Dean learning to navigate the new world open to them with a frankly unsurprising lack of finesse. That was all falling away now - to be replaced with
As it turns out, knowing that the stewardship of Earth is Jack’s destiny, and living with the reality of it are two very different things.
Lilly vanishes behind the large tree that dominates the backyard, emerging from the other side with a long twing in her mitten-covered hand, which she uses to poke thoughtfully at the cold ground. “Cas, are you and Uncle Dean going to stay with us forever?”
The cool air of the room has never felt better on Dean’s bare skin. Cas has managed to get rid of his boxers, and get himself halfway up the bed, but now he’s stopped, caught watching Dean undress, propped up on one elbow, everything on display, the physical manifestation of every wet dream that Dean never dared to have; and that’s it - Dean has to touch him, all of him, kicking the last of his clothes off and crawling up the bed and using his whole body to press Cas into the mattress, solid and hot.
“Yeah I do. I do, Cas.” He steps in a little closer, his body curving almost instinctively forward. Seeking warth, seeking Castiel, and Castiel feels his heart soften at the honesty of it. “Almost woke you up when I came to bed last night just so I could say something but…”
“You gonna give it to me, Cas?” Dean means it to sound teasing, but it comes out more desperate than anything.
Dean’s only half-awake, whatever weird dream is hovering in the back of his mind merging strangely with the fluttering, near-silent images of late-night T.V., when his phone starts vibrating its way across the bedside table, rattling over ancient water stains left by untended drinks. Dean rolls half-over, fumbles blindly towards the dull blue light, swipes across the screen and pulls it to his ear without really looking.
Cas’ voice hits him like a blow to the head. Dean doubles over, cursing, hands pressed to his ears. Sam’s hand braces against his back.
Cas slides a leg over Dean’s thighs with heavy finality, burrows his face in Dean’s neck, so that wet tendrils of dark hair tickle Dean’s ear. “Go to sleep, Dean. You’ll need your rest.”
, he gives Dean’s waistband just the slightest tug, so that Dean has to rock back a bit, spreading his feet apart to keep his balance.
“Absolutely not,” Cas laughs. “Have you been up here the whole time? You didn’t have to stay behind just because I was here.”
She speaks as if Jack is right next to them, though he isn’t - at least, not in a physical sense. Sometimes, Castiel feels as if he might be watching, but it’s difficult to say. Castiel’s grace remains little more than an ember; he has no connection to the heavenly host. If he feels Jack’s presence in anything, it is either wishful thinking,or because Jack wants him to.
“Sure,” he laughs it off as quickly as he can, strides up the sidewalk and pulls open the door. “C’mon, let’s eat.”
Cas tested the weight of the mallet. He didn’t really relish the idea of driving stake after stake into the hard, dry ground by hand - but for Dean it was the very physicality of such an act that demonstrated his love for Sam and Eileen; it was a manifestation, like the food he had helped to prepare for the reception, brimming from the Bunker’s fridge, crowding the counters, decorated with a chaotic scattering of colourful sticky notes warning off thieves on pain of death (though Dean had let Claire and Kaia sample some of it, when they had arrived late last night, arguing that there wasn’t anything else in the fridge, that he couldn’t let them go hungry, and then badly masking his pride at their pleased grins and licked-clean fingers.)
“Unfortunately it won’t be a cure,” Cas continued, pretending not to notice Dean’s slight squirming. “The curse is designed to make the sufferer fornicate to the point of extreme exhaustion - and then death.”
“You can’t stay like that forever.” He was moving closer, Dean could tell by the sound. Hell, he could almost count the molecules in the air between him and Cas. That wasn’t so unusual, but now it was dialed up to eleven. “This isn’t working.”
“I’m serious.” Dean shored himself up, frowning at the tie between his fingers. He wasn’t used to doing this - and even less used to doing it for someone else. “You and Eileen are good. You’re gonna be good.”
Dean’s grip loosened, his fingers skated down Cas’ arm, seemed to hesitate when they reached his fingers, then pulled gingerly away.
Despite the rude awakening, he likes these moments, the first few seconds of the day when everything is quiet except for the buzz of the mini-fridge and the sound of a television on the other side of the wall; easy and familiar, even if the room is a single now - with his gear scattered across every available surface, clothes tossed over the back of a chair, empty takeout containers on the dinette table.
Cas looks at him - furrowed brow, slight frown. Dean’s missed that look. “It seemed like a good idea at the time.”
Dean closed his eyes and took a long, slow breath, feeling slightly lightheaded as he said, “Oh. Good.”
Cas makes a sleepy, curious noise, fingers tracing nonsense patterns on the low part of Dean’s ribs. Dean likes him like this - drowsy and disarmed. Though the other side of it is that he can be a real asshole when he’s overtired. Dean should be letting him sleep, but he makes himself talk.
“Okay,” Sam says, in that gentle way that Dean hates, but always desperately needs. “I believe you - but you look at you, Dean - you’re a wreck. You come in here all worked up…”
His fingers catch the hem of Dean’s shirt, push up to find the skin underneath. Dean feels his face start to go hot.
Cas - gingerly - reaches over and sets his warm, heavy hand over Dean’s closed fist. Slowly, Dean uncurls his fingers, relaxes until their hands are pressed together. “That’s alright,” he says; and it’s a goddamn injustice, that Cas was okay with just being there forever - that he just expected to live with never having what he wanted.
Dean drums his hands on the steering wheel, along with the beat of the music, and smiles until his face hurts.
His niece looks up at him with the biggest, sweetest doe-eyes he’s ever seen, and announces, “I like broccoli.”
Dean sighed, tucking his chin more tightly into Cas’s shoulder, whiskey-sweetened breath warm on Cas’s cheek, the curl of his arm around Cas’s waist gentle, but secure. Cas allowed himself to lean back into him, trusting Dean to keep his footing.
,” Dean’s voice cracked. He lifted his head, looking stricken, almost, though his mouth twisted in a fractured smile. “What have I told you about saying that kind of shit?”
“I want it to snow,” Lilly announces suddenly, jerking Castiel rudely from his thoughts. She kicks her shoe against some dry weeds poking up near the fence. “Cas, when is it going to snow?”
“My fist is going to see your face,” Dean grumbles. He’s been scrubbing at the plate in his hands with such ferocity that the towel has just about taken the finish off. “I am
The canopy stood half- completed, over the patch of grass that Dean had painstakingly mowed two days ago with a rented riding mower. The sharp tang of cut vegetation still lingered in the air. They had all the poles in place, but the supporting lines still needed to be staked in.
He swears to himself that he’s just going to look - just going to make sure Cas is still there and that some fucking bizarre complication hasn’t snatched him back to the space between worlds; but when the stip of light falls across the bed, Cas’ eyes snap open.
The sliding door opens behind him with a low whisper as it hisses along the track. Dean doesn’t bother to turn around - he knows it’s Cas, by the shift in the air, by the quiet footfalls, by the warmth against his arm as Cas comes to stand next to him at the rail.
” he’d asked, and Dean had clutched his battered coffee mug like some kind of talisman, hoping it could disguise the tremor of his hands. It didn’t hide the dry break in his voice on his single-word response.
“Yeah,” Dean drums his fingers on the steering wheel for a second, then flashes Cas a smile. “Sure. Like a date.”
, because Cas should be allowed to choose things for himself - and it’s equally ridiculous that Dean loves him even more than he did a minute ago, just looking at them.
“Yeah,” Dean mumbled, face pressed tight into Cas’s neck. He swayed slightly, as if to unheard music. “We both did.”
.  Yeah. Dean feels a hollow kick in his chest. Cas would have liked Lilly, he thinks; they would have been on the same weird wavelength, just like Lilly and Jack are - collecting pretty leaves, digging for secrets in the dirt in the backyard, naming all the birds that lived in the big tree - living in the world like everything is new, and good things are everywhere if you just look for them.
Cas goes back to his book. Dean zones out in front of the TV, dozes off like an old man, and wakes up to Cas standing over him, combing fingers through his hair.
Around noon, he’s lucky enough to find a busy truck stop - the place packed enough that the food has got to be decent - and picks up two burgers, each with a side of fries, stretching his legs in the parking lot while he waits for them to cook up the order. A young guy in a ball cap pauses on his way inside, flashes Dean a smile.
“Just don’t,” Dean slapped him on the thigh. That turned out to be a very bad idea. Dean wadded the towel into his lap, embarrassed. “So - what’s angel stamina like - ya know. Generally?”
gloves, but always forgets them, in the small bin next to the front door. The only insulation he has now is the bandage on his hand, from the kitchen accident the previous night. He presses his thumb against it, waking a twinge of pain, which rouses the memory of sharp anger in Dean’s voice.
Sam eyes him skeptically for a moment. “Well,” he says, when he’s finished with the silent judgement routine, “If you ever need a second pair of hands -”
Jack still looks mostly like he did the last time Dean saw him - maybe six months ago at Lilly’s birthday party. In fact, he still looks mostly like he did five years ago - same shirt, same jacket, same jeans. Dean can’t judge - it’s not like his wardrobe is exactly bursting these days - but it reminds him how distinctly not human Jack is now; that he doesn’t need to shower, or change his clothes, or even really to eat, though he still does it, probably because he enjoys it.
For a second, the guy looks like he might say more, but then his smile shrinks to something shy, and he disappears inside. Dean picks up his order a few minutes later, leaves the car  in the lot, and hikes around the rest stop until he finds a secluded bench. A brass plate on the back dedicates it to the memory of Roy. No last name, no heartfelt message.  Dean unwraps his lunch, transforming the paper bag into a makeshift picnic blanket - two burgers, two orders of crisp, golden fries, two drinks. For a moment he sits silent, considering, rubbing his palms on his soft-worn jeans.
“I gotcha. Arms up.” He gets Cas’ shirt clear, palms his ribs, his waist, steers him towards the bed. “Sit,” Dean murmurs, planting a kiss on Cas’ shoulder before giving him a gentle nudge. Cas sits, and Dean sinks, carefully, to his knees, working at Cas’ boot laces with fingers that tremble only a little.
“Maybe a cold shower,” he managed, finally.  It couldn’t hurt. It had certainly done wonders when he was fifteen.
Dean laughed, nervously, his grip tightening slightly in a sort of reflexive panic. “I dunno man. I’ve never done it before. I don’t know how.”
“Cas,” Dean’s voice escapes like a sob. He pulls the phone close, cradling it as if that might preserve the tenuous connection. “I’m here Cas. I’m here - where are you?”
Sam only laughs harder, but Dean can’t help the anxious knot in his stomach. This is big, this thing with him and Cas, and the risk of ruining it is too much for him to think about. Sam looks over at him and goes quiet, hands Dean the last plate.
.” Dean thrusts the phone at his brother like a talisman. “Look - he’s been calling for days and I had
Dean smirks, “What? Are you getting bored? Is the honeymoon over? You know they’ve got a little blue pill that can help with that.”
Cas rubbed his cheek against Dean’s wet shoulder. “I realize that might not be what you want to hear.”
Dean hears the rush of his blood, mixed in almost perfect harmony with the lulling roar of the ocean. Cas settles half on top of him, overheated and messy, weighing Dean down in a way that’s kind of uncomfortable, but also reassuringly real - the way their skin sticks and the damp hair tickling Dean’s chin is a reminder that they’re both alive, that they’re here. Dean closes his eyes and lets himself drift.
Dean slams to a halt in the middle of the living room, blinks. Sam points towards the ceiling, and everyone in the living room holds their breath. It’s almost eleven, and Dean has the sudden, jarring realization that he probably looks like an absolute lunatic, pacing his brother’s living room, rambling about phone calls from beyond the grave.
Cas kisses him like it’s everything, like it’s earth-shattering and life-changing, every time; like it’s the most important thing he’s ever done - and Dean relaxes into it, sucks at Cas’ lower lip, gets both his hands on Cas’s hips and runs his palms up Cas’ sides. Cas rocks up against him, eager already.
Sam scowled, squirming under Dean’s attention like he was still in kindergarten, and Dean was trying to get him dressed for school. “You’re not even dressed.”
He had his shirt off before he reached the bathroom. Jeans once he was barely through the door. He couldn’t even look at himself as he pushed his shorts down and peeled off his socks. It felt like there was a lead weight between his legs as he staggered to the shower. He cranked the cold water and it struck his back and shoulders like a hail of bullets, viciously cold against his overheated skin, enough to make him groan out loud and slap his palms against the tile. It wasn’t the relief he’d hoped for at all, but it steadied him a little. Maybe if he could stand there and tough it out until Sam and Cas found whatever counter-curse they needed, he’d be fine.
Castiel tips his head back and exhales slowly, a long stream of silver vapour spiraling around itself as it rises upwards.
Dean watches his little brother lower himself into the battered recliner and braces himself for the inevitable. “So how is -”
Dean sighed, stepping reluctantly out of the loose circle of Cas’s arms. “‘Course he is. I’ll get him settled. You two can finish this, right?”
Sam looks at him, silently for a moment. Dean knows exactly what he’s doing - weighing the pros and cons of pushing harder, trying to see if he can guess when Dean will crack. In the end, he backs down. This time. “Yeah - he stopped by a little while ago. Why?”
“Jesus, Cas,” he laughs, raggedly, twisting his head until his mouth meet’s Cas’ forehead in a sloppy half-kiss. “You do know I’m like -
He’s driven about every stretch of road that spans from everywhere in the continental United States back to Sam and Eileen’s little house, but Cas has barely been more than a few miles away since he got back from the Empty. The furthest they went was to a thrift store in town to get him new clothes. Now he's glued to the window, watching the clean fields of golden autumn grass roll past, the distant houses, the occasional horse or group of cows.
If Dean’s first orgasm had been a gut punch, this one was like having a hole punched straight through his chest. Cas fucked him almost all the way through it, then clung to him as Dean gasped, gulping air and cooling water, weak-kneed with sheer relief, come painted all across the tile in front of him.
Dean laughs. “No way, Sam. No way. If I need help, I know where to find it. I’ve got a list of hunters as long as my arm on speed dial.”
“You sure? Cuz you’re spaced out with a mallet in your hand and it’s kinda freaking me out right now.”
“Oh yeah?” Sam manages to keep a straight face, but the way his eyes crinkle at the corners as he scrubs at the plate in his hand makes Dean want to reach over and give him a smack just on principle. “Where to?”
“Stupid?” Dean finishes, eyebrow raised. “Of course not. I’m doing just like I promised, Sammy. Easy hunts. Nothing I can’t handle.”
“Don’t forget about dinner,” Cas mutters, some time later, though he doesn’t make any noticeable attempt to lift his weight off of Dean.
Sam’s teeth click. He sighs. Dean watches his sock feet tap against the rug. It’s time, he figures, to make a tactical attempt to change the subject. He doesn’t want this to get to the point where he’s gotta bail; he promised to tuck Lilly in.
. “Right. Okay.” He let out a long breath of air and made an aborted motion with his arms, like he was thinking of going in for a hug, but gave up at the last second. Dean looked up at his ridiculously tall little brother and for an instant - just the space between one blink and the next - he was
Cas raises an eyebrow, but says nothing. Dean feels a tiny pang of guilt as he gets out - but he can’t forget where they are, and if Dean has to hear the slightly greasy kid behind the counter ask
Cas glanced down at his hand, at the rubber mallet he held in his loose fist, the tangle of woven bracelets - once Dean’s - around his wrist, the scar on his forearm from a fall he had taken last year. “Sorry - I was distracted. It’s a beautiful day.”
Dean opens his mouth, closes it again. Sam and Eileen exchange a look - and Dean knows what they’re thinking, he’s sure he does. They think he’s slipping, that he’s had some kind of mental break and he’s headed back to the early days head-first; with the drinking, and the not sleeping, and researching The Empty in the Bunker’s archives until his eyes were so raw and dry that they felt like they were going fall out of his damned head.
“I should let you go back to sleep.” Dean’s pretty exhausted himself. The last couple of days have been a roller coaster. His ears are still buzzing from the roar of Cas’ voice, and he’s still clearing the blood out of his nose.
“It’s fine, Sam. I’m feeling kinda stir-crazy anyway.” Belatedly, he has a thought. “Do you and Eileen need a - a date night or something? Cuz Cas and I can -”
And boy, does Dean get that, big time. He’s worn that hair shirt his whole damned life, and he didn’t realize how angry and twisted up it was making him until he’d lost Cas, and almost lost Jack; and he still doesn’t really know how to apologize for any of it - or how to apologize for the fact that Jack had to take a giant, metaphorical, super-powered bullet and become God, just so the world could keep spinning.
- and then Cas had started asking. For mundane things, and ridiculous things; for simple things, and for things that Dean knew should be simple, but somehow weren’t. Dean had known they would eventually work their way up to this, or something like it; but now they’re here, and he’s not sure that his heart is built to beat this hard.
Sam nods. “We always thought Chuck destroyed the Empty, but if Cas somehow got out just before it was destroyed, then maybe he’s somewhere in between.”
Finally, the phone slips from his hand, thuds softly against the grimy carpet. Dean slumps against the  bedframe and tries to remember how to breathe.
Dean checks out at three a.m., and turns the car back around, telling himself that later he’ll call someone, drop the line to them on the weird disappearances; but for now, he just wants to drive.
“I - uh - I’m a little softer than I used to be,” he admits, sheepishly. No one can stay ahead of the slow march of time and the gentle temptation of fast food forever. These days, depending on the season, he’s stuck with anywhere between five and ten extra pounds he can’t seem to shake off. Cas must know it - they’ve been sleeping next to each other for weeks, and living in close quarters otherwise, but it’s a little embarrassing to know he’s actually going to see it.
He knows Cas isn’t going to last; Dean can tell by the hesitation in his hand, by his faltering rhythm, by the way his breath catches going in, and trembles coming out. He drags his dick along the crease between Dean’s hip and groin one last time, and comes with a long, shuddering groan into Dean’s neck.
“How do you feel about visiting a Haunted Halloween maze?” Dean asks as they swing out onto the 44, headed north. If Cas says no, they can just keep going.
The celebrations became more raucous, and somehow more joyful as the night wore on. Claire tempted first Dean, then Jack into some kind of drinking game. Dancing gave way to karaoke (where the machine came from was anyone’s guess, but it smelled faintly of brimstone.) Jody and Donna had to step in when a knife-throwing contest got a little bit out of hand (Jody won, in the end); and clouds of fireflies, their phosphorescence somehow perfectly coordinated to the wedding colours, swirled dizzyingly through the night sky.
room, he corrected himself - which it had been for a while now, familiar and easy; but lately every time he thought about it Dean felt like he was in a whirlpool - a maddening mix of fear and pride, joy and even a little guilt. Sam had reassured him again and again that he and Eileen weren’t planning on leaving the bunker - they wanted to stay; thing was, Dean wasn’t sure if
Between one moment and the next, the canopy was made to stand, casting a wide patch of shade across the sun-warmed ground. Jack added the ribbons of white string-lights without being asked. The dull static buzz of divinity lingered in the still air.
Castiel chokes back a laugh before he can stop himself. “That probably wouldn’t have been the best idea.”
“Yeah.” Dean was surprised he had a voice. His throat felt like he’d spent a whole night with a bottle of Jim Beam and a carton of cheap smokes. “I’m good, Cas. C’mon. You’re doin’ good.”
“I don’t mind,” Cas says, voice even rougher than normal - enough to give Dean a little achey thrill that might have become something more if he could have jumped his body back in time at least ten years. “If I wanted romantic -”
“Yes.” These days, Cas is a connoisseur of bargain bin paperbacks, absorbing even the most bottom of the barrel genre crap like it’s high art. While Dean had been hunting through the racks in the local thrift store for beach clothes for all of them, Cas had been browsing dusty shelves of dog-eared paperbacks, and he’d come away with half a dozen, three of which he’s already finished.
Donna was waiting for him outside Sam’s door, looking lovely in a soft blue summer dress, even with her hair still half in curlers. “Just a little bit of the cold feet,” she said, brightly as Dean approached. “Everybody gets ‘em. Figured he could use a pep talk.”
Cas’ hand drew away from his cock, and immediately Dean wanted it back. Instead, it curled around Dean’s hip, holding him in place. “That was different than I thought it would be.”
, Cas thought, idly. He still forgot sometimes that alcohol was meant to have this kind of intoxicating effect; it could catch him off guard if he wasn’t careful. Still, he made it down the hill, safely, to the bunker’s entrance, let himself in through the massive door...and there he found Dean, sitting perched on one edge of the war table in the semi-dark.
Sam would be safer. Sam was his brother. Sometimes Cas made Dean breathless in a normal situation, and this was nothing anywhere near
Low, familiar silence settled around them. They watched each other, without speaking; patient, thoughtful. Dean’s hands relaxed and he rubbed his palms down the length of his thighs, measuring the course drag of new denim against his skin. Cas could have let the conversation end there - they might never speak of it again, or it might surface, sometime, on a quiet night while they shared a drink or watched a movie. Now that Dean had it in his mind, he would put it away for a while, but continue to work at it in secret, the way hands worked a ball of clay, into a shape he could recognize.
“I don’t know what the hell I’m doing, Sam,” he says, one night when it’s just the two of them, sitting on the front step with a couple of beers. He can hear Cas dutifully reciting the pages of
“I promised Jack we would go on the Ferris wheel tonight,” he says, and Dean knows he’s getting a kick out of it’ll - the bastard - because Dean would rather go toe to toe with Lucifer than consent to being up that high, in a teeny little basket. He’s been putting it off all week. “I’m sure the view will be wonderful.”
audible over the wind. Dean leans his elbows on the balcony rail and lets it just wash over him, breathing it into his lungs like he’s been doing for the past week - feeling everything like it’s bright, and new, and terrifying.
The bunker was starting to feel crowded.  Dean popped his head briefly into the kitchen to check on the food situation - relieved to find his hard work untouched - before making his way down to Sam’s room.
“Dean,” Eileen abandons the table setting and stretches up on her toes to loop her arms around his neck for a hug. “You made it.”
“Look!” Eileen shouts - and there, like a strange mirage, standing almost close enough for Dean to reach out and touch, is a hazy vision of Cas. It looks like he’s standing just on the other side of some grey curtain, and he’s looking straight at Dean like he can definitely see him - him and only him.
And he tries to say it, he really does - because it’s there and it’s real, and just like Sam said, it absolutely matters - but it chokes him, because he doesn’t know how to do it without crushing the whole thing in his hands.
The phone beeps, the connection drops. Dean stares at it, helpless, his fingers curled so tightly around it that his knuckles have gone white. “What the hell - I thought you said I’d have a few
Halfway through Sam’s vows, it started to rain, even though the sky remained completely cloudless. Droplets pattered on the canopy for a moment, almost unnoticed, until Dean reached over, palmed the back of Jack’s neck, and gave him a reassuring shake.
Cas is just climbing back in the car as Dean steps outside. He glances over, bright and joyful, like Dean standing there, wind-ruffled with a crumpled receipt in his hand is the best thing he’s ever seen. Dean’s embarrassment evaporates like a bad dream.
The phone beeps, connection gone. Dean blinks at it for a moment, then tosses his phone back onto the end table, and finally puts his head down to sleep.
The glass on one of the photographs, hanging on the wall behind the sofa cracks, like a gunshot. Dean jumps, banging his leg on the coffee table, sending the bowlful of Sam’s magic mix spilling across the carpet, rune tiles and bone dice scattering in all directions as Dean’s cell starts to ring. Dean snatches it up, but his hands are shaking so bad he almost drops it before managing to get the speakerphone on.
Dean’s laughter was soundless, just a puff of air against Cas’s cheek. “Yeah. I mean, a little. Never thought I’d live to see the day.”
“I had a thought last night,” Sam says, after breakfast when Lilly has been safely tucked away in the backyard out of earshot and they’ve cleared the breakfast dishes to make room for all their research stuff on the table.
Dean chokes, inhaling a chunk of half-chewed ground beef. Jack pats him on the back until he manages to clear his airway and demand, “What the hell do you need angels for?”
“I won’t,” he promises, earnest. “Cas - I’m pretty sure you’re capable of basically anything at this point. I mean - you put up with me.”
“If that’s what he chooses.” They had all agreed it would be up to Jack, ultimately, whether he kept the lion’s share of Chuck’s power, or surrendered it - though surrendering it was a complicated problem, something they were still researching. They didn’t want to risk upsetting the precarious balance of their little universe, or opening a power vacuum that might give rise to a worse despot than Chuck. Until Jack made his decision, he remained both a divine amphora and a boy learning to enjoy a relatively normal human life.
Dean felt like his skin was buzzing, everywhere Cas touched, everywhere he was close to touching. “You can’t Cas. You don’t have to do this.”
It feels easy - to smile and laugh and kiss Cas’ mouth, squeeze his ass through the rough motel towel. It feels like home.
After dinner, as the sun began to dip, bathing the bunker and its surrounding wilderness in soft, orange light, Jack surreptitiously lit the string lights, both he and Cas realizing almost too late that they had forgotten to connect them to any traditional source of power. Dean was absorbed in a conversation with a hunter that Cas didn’t recognize, and so he didn’t notice - or at least Cas thought he didn’t. Eileen pointedly
“I don’t even know what you are much less how to help you. But before I help, I need to see that my brother is safe.”
“Mari is very old, that’s true, but she is not the one I have a bond with. You are a clear, bright point of light in my sky. Your shorter life gives you an energetic and raw passion for experience that Mari does not have. You both offer me perspective, but you are the one I love Dean, however you want to accept it.”
“I don’t want to hunt. I was trying to decide how to tell you. I thought you would be disappointed and I would have to leave. I can leave of course and find something for myself…” Castiel’s voice choked on the last part of the sentence and Dean grabbed Castiel by the wrist and Castiel turned to look at Dean.
“Cas, no. I know I’ve been a dick in the past, but this is your home now. I promise. For as long as you want, I swear. I don’t care if you want to hunt or not. You’ve done enough. We all have.” Dean sat back shocked at himself. Had  they all done enough? That thought had never occurred to him before, but now it lodged in his brain. Castiel was shaking and Dean, more bold in the dark, pulled his friend in for a hug. Dean realized Castiel was crying and he just hugged him tighter, trying to be the best friend he could.
“I have no practise with when you eat certain foods” said Cas. He spoke up again after a few minutes of silence in the car.
The diner was coming up on the right and Dean took back his hand to turn the Impala into the parking lot and find a space farther away from the cars currently in the lot. They dove into their cheeseburgers and fries and Cas tried orange soda. He took a swallow from the cold bottle, condensation pearling and sliding down the sides and he full on grinned.
“Listen, Cas, I was raised to suppress almost all my weak emotions like fear and sadness, so taking any advice from me is a bad plan, but you cry if you want to. Laugh, cry, rage, quake in fear, it’s all better if you get it out and maybe tell someone if it gets to be too much. I may be shit at actually expressing emotions sometimes, but I will always listen, ok?” Dean reached over and squeezed Cas’s hand that was lying on the seat between them. He was going to let go, but Cas squeezed back and then didn’t release his grip. Dean shrugged and didn’t examine too hard the part of him that liked holding his friend’s hand.
“Oh my god Dean, Cas isn’t going anywhere without you. He almost follows you everywhere . I think you and he should talk about what you want to do.”
The former angel was leaning up against the headboard, a book open on the comforter beside him. For all the jokes about Dean being oblivious and hating emotions, he knew he was a good observer and the man in front of him didn’t look happy. Cas was quiet, his features drawn and  his shoulders down. A tiny flare of hurt pierced through Dean at the thought that he and Sam had been a part of causing that hurt. But, he put on a smile and tried for cheerful.
On a late spring day in Duluth, Minnesota, Dean and Cas were walking down the street from a diner they had just been enjoying a meal in, towards their motel where Sam was waiting and Dean took Cas’s hand. No big drama, just a quiet gesture. Dean turned to Cas and squeezed his hand to get the angel’s attention.
Nothing changed between the hunter and the angel outwardly. Dean still went hunting with Sam and Castiel showed up to help out. Sometimes there were research sessions in the library and sometimes Dean would curl up in bed and Castiel would appear in his bedroom and slip under the covers with Dean and hold him tight and tell the hunter how much he was loved and how good he was. Dean loved those nights best, even if it he wouldn’t admit it to anyone. There was some pretty awesome sex as well according to Dean and the world still turned. No one yelled at him for being happy and with a man. No one even raised an eyebrow.
No matter how relaxed he tried to feel on the surface, Dean was terrified that he had ruined everything, that Castiel would not understand, or that he would dismiss Dean as not worth his time. Castiel lifted himself off the steps and moved in front of Dean. He beamed at Dean, a smile that was warm and very human. He  reached out and smoothed his hand over Dean’s cheek.
“Alright Dean” and Castiel grabbed his jacket and gloves and they went out to the car. Dean had the germ of an idea. Sam was at the University of Kansas ransacking their library and Dean remembered something he had seen the last time he was there; a sign for a butterfly garden that apparently was a resting place for hundreds of species. That was just the place to go. They could stop on the way for a good breakfast, spend some time outside and  maybe even have late dinner with Sam before they head back. They could even get a motel room and take in the sights the next day. Once out on the highway, Dean put on some music and looked over to Cas in the passenger seat. He was watching the world go by out the window and his face gave nothing away. Dean was going to have to actually ask about this and he grimaced a bit.
Their hostess turned and beckoned them over to a fire pit she was feeding fresh logs into. Dean looked at her carefully and she seemed tired, for what he could read on her furry face. She sighed and turned more fully to them.
The big creature came forward and then lit a torch so Dean could see her. She was a big, furry something, with kind eyes and that surprised Dean. He was expecting to be attacked any minute, but she untied him and helped him to stand properly and then handed him a clay pitcher of water.
“I will fetch your brother” said the big creature and she shuffled out of the room, returning shortly with a slightly confused Sam.
The bunker was chilly with the early fall weather and Dean shivered getting out of bed, hopping around trying to avoid touching the cold floor until he found socks and shoes. Only once he was in layers of t-shirt, plaid shirt and hoodie did he feel warm enough. Coffee warmed his insides as he sat at the kitchen table, but he didn’t feel right. There had been no hunt for a few weeks now, Sam was gone on a research trip and Castiel had been shut up in his room. Dean worried about Cas in his newly human state. He seemed to avoid people and his rare smiles had all but vanished. Dean tapped his fingers on his mug, thinking, and while he was looking around it struck him that he didn’t like the idea of Cas being almost underground all the time. His friend  should be outside in the sun, with bees and flowers or something.
“Uhh Sam is better at that shit than me, but yeah. Let’s get on the road, huh?” They got back on the highway and Sam did indeed show Castiel how to search for music and they setup him up with Apple Music, so he could download and listen to as much as he wanted. Sam also showed Castiel basic camera functions and how to use the various edit commands and filters. Next was an Instagram account, when Castiel realized he could share his photos with friends like Charlie. He chose the name brokenwingedwarrior for his account and his profile picture was a flaming black wing. Dean had no idea where Castiel had found it, but it was cool. They stopped in a diner later in the day for dinner and Castiel seemed obsessed with uploading pictures to his account. He took pictures of the food, signs, the impala and he tried to take pictures of Dean and Sam, but Dean put his foot down.
“Cas I uh, I don’t think we’ve, I’ve been very good to you over the years. I keep blindly blaming you for things without listening and then we need you and I selfishly drag you back. I know you said we’re your only friends, but seriously man? You could do better. You could get out of this life, make friends, get a place, a girlfriend, I don’t know, a dog maybe? It’s…” Dean’s tirade came to a halt when Castiel leaned over and smacked his hand right over Dean’s mouth and held it firm. Dean was so surprised he didn’t move, just stared at Cas with wide eyes.
“Well, I kept thinking that I could be a researcher, use the bunker’s resources to help other hunters, train those that need it and maybe take some courses too. I don’t know what you want to do, but I figured you and Cas might want something more hands on, like gardening and woodworking that sort of thing. You could stay here or you could find a place of your own. I wouldn’t stay here alone. If you left, I would find a little place of my own and come to the bunker when I need to.”
“Oh yes Castiel, we have just been starting the sharing of tea and conversation. Please join us.” The angel took a ceramic mug of tea and sat primly in his trench coat, looking right at home. Mari patted him with a huge paw and on a normal human that would have knocked them flat, but Cas just smiled at Mari.
“I know, it’s ok. I didn’t know you felt this way, man. I mean I knew something was up, but I didn’t realize what was going on.” Dean sat silently for a bit longer trying to figure out the thoughts zinging through his head.
“I don’t know, we’ve just been so busy keeping going that I never really thought ahead. Well, I have, but it never seemed possible.”
Back on the highway, Dean played some CCR for Castiel who smiled at him from the back and Sam rolled his eyes violently at the sight. Dean flipped him off and Castiel was oblivious as he dug into his book. Finally, late that night, Dean stopped at a motel and went to get them a room. When he came back out, he stopped, looking at his best friend and his brother, both passed out, heads leaning against the windows and he felt good, happy. He liked having his family together. He took a picture with his phone and then woke up Sam, banging on the window and cackling at his face. For some reason that he wouldn’t look at, Castiel didn’t get the same treatment. He leaned in the other side of the back seat and gently shook his friend awake.
“I can’t pick these clothes by myself Dean. It is difficult to know what is correct.” Dean sighed and they went back to it. Castiel refused flannel, but he picked a black Carhatt jacket suspiciously like Deans, boots and a duffle bag of his own. Castiel left the store very pleased and Dean left him with Sam, who had got them some supplies for the cabin, and Dean went back in for a bit. He met them back at the car with a small bag that he handed to Castiel, who looked surprised.
“I’ll grab Dad’s journal” said Dean and he went off to get it. Sure enough John had a cabin he used that was north of Crescent City, California. It belonged to another Hunter, but apparently they just had to check in with them to get access. Everyone went to bed with a renewed sense of purpose, excited for a vacation.
Dean's nostrils were flooded with the smell of rot and decay and he gagged as he woke, choking as his brain and body figured out he was upside down, hanging by his ankles. The sweet cloying smell of human remains was mixed in, and as he retched, whole body shudders hit him and he flailed, spinning around, making the nausea worse. He opened his eyes to see what sort of room he was in, but there was no light at all. He couldn't tell if it was his eyes or the light, but it was disturbing.
The next day, Dean made a few calls and found Stu Gardner, who was happy to let them use the cabin. He was living in Washington state and didn’t get to it often. Apparently it had two small bedrooms, a stocked pantry and a deck that faced the beach. Dean was happily throwing clothes in his duffle bag when Castiel came in the room. He seemed uncomfortable, awkwardly wringing his hands.
Something in Dean cracked and broke and he laid his head on Cas’s shoulder, nuzzling into his neck. “I, wanted you to look at me the way you did Mari and then I realized that she is like your equal man, and I’m just this broken human with no great insights or wisdom.” Dean sighed and wiped at a tear that was tracking down his face. Stupid emotions, he thought.
The air in the room was tense, Dean didn’t know how Sam would take this sudden change, but he was hoping Sam would hear what he couldn’t say, that they needed a break before they flew apart and that maybe they needed a new plan. Sam closed his book and stared at Dean and Castiel in turn.
“No, a day off, a chance to get out do something different. Come on, grab your coat and lets do this.”
“Dean, what is wrong? You have been standing there staring off into space.” Dean turned and Cas was standing right next to his shoulder. He jumped and might have let out an unmanly yelp.
“Thank you for welcoming me to your store. That is very kind. I am Castiel.” Dean grinned at the stunned expression of the greeter and they carried on. What Dean didn’t expect was that Castiel would be so stubborn about clothes. He tried on pair after pair of boots before picking the ones he liked and the same with running shoes. He debated between several pairs of shorts before Dean lost it and tried to head to the electronics and music section. He was stopped by Castiel’s hand on his arm and a squinty expression on his face.
“Uhh, well, we’ve been friends awhile and I always thought that was enough for me and it is really. Having a best friend is such a good thing, but Sam seems to think you might feel differently.”
With no warning, Cas slid over the bench seat and Dean hugged him close. Cas was really crying now, gulping in air and trying to be quiet about it, but Dean kept hugging him and rubbed a hand down his back. “It’s ok Cas, it’s ok. Hey, if you stop crying we can go get cheeseburgers, how does that sound?”
“You’re right. We should take a break. Didn’t Rufus or Dad have a cabin on the west coast somewhere?”
“Cas, umm, I hate this ‘can we talk’ stuff, but can we?” Dean squirmed at how hesitant he sounded, but Castiel smiled at him.
“Being human made me think about how short my life could be and I want to experience as much as I can. Hunting is dangerous and I don’t think I would be very good at it.”
They stopped again in a small town with a thrift store, and all of them found things. Dean found some new shirts and some paperbacks, Sam grabbed a pair of shorts and also found a few books. Castiel wandered around looking at everything, before he finally chose a CCR t-shirt and a bulking hardcover that Dean was curious to see.
“Ma’am we will be happy to help” and he raised an eyebrow at Sam and Cas who both nodded  in agreement, although Sam smirked at his ma’am. Dean was amused in turn by the sight of his giant of a brother and Mari heads together as they planned out a trap that would hold her mate. He caught Cas staring at him from across the fire and the look on his face was puzzled.
“Dean, I uh, I don’t know what you wear to ‘vacation” Castiel said with air quotes. “I don’t have clothes for that I think.”
“What if we talked to Sam and took a break? Went on a road trip to somewhere, maybe where we can see the ocean?”
Much later, the hotel room was quiet, with only the sound of breathing when Dean slipped out. Holding a beer in one hand, he wandered out to the Impala and climbed onto the hood, leaning back to watch the sky. It was a clear night with stars spread out above him and he breathed out, enjoying the solitude. The beer was cold and it would have been perfect, but his mind kept flashing back to the sight of Castiel comforting Mari. He had been dignified, but warm and friendly to the big creature. It occurred to Dean that every time he noticed Cas being awkward it was around Dean and humans in general. That was somewhere Dean’s mind had never gone before. He knew that Cas saw humans as interesting, but maybe he was tolerating their awkwardness around other beings. Dean knew that he had been looking at Cas for years now, but it was really his vessel he was admiring and that wasn’t fair to Cas, and he finally got it. He was ogling something pure and far above him. He sighed and tipped his beer bottle at the stars.
“That’s it, we need to get out of here” he said to the room. Dean got up and put his coffee mug in the sink and went down the hall to Cas’s room and knocked.
“I would like to learn to cook. The television keeps saying that home cooked meals are better. I want to make us a meal.”
The kids giggled, but they scattered after parents started calling them and it was just Dean and Cas, staring at each other, the sun shining down on them.
“I’ll get started on the dishes and then I’m going to go and read my new book” and then he was gone, leaving Dean and Castiel just sitting not looking at each other. The day was sliding into evening, the sun warm still, but the light was lengthening on the sand. Dean thought maybe that beside the butterflies inside him, he was having one the best days he could remember.
"Little earth man, you and your litter-mate were hunting me," the creature said and from its voice and where the sound was coming from, Dean could tell that whatever it was, it was huge. Great, he thought, other than the lack of snow I’m Luke without a light saber.
Dean nodded again, and Cas removed his hand. They stared across the space between the beds and then Dean leaned further and kissed Cas just like he knew he had always wanted to.
“Yes, Dean thank you” and the smile really reached Cas’s eyes this time and Dean grinned too. In the end the whole affair was pretty simple. Mari’s mate was captured with a tranquilizer dart and Cas worked his mojo, assuring Mari that her mate was healthy and would wake up fine. Watching Cas being gentle with the big furry Mari and healing, did strange things to Dean. He suddenly, fiercely wanted. Wanted Cas aiming that gentleness at him. He was always the strong one, the fighter, the one with a plan, even if it was a terrible plan. He never let anyone in, except for Sam and even then it was hard to do.  Dean shook himself and chimed in goodbyes with the others and headed off to the path. The drive back to the hotel was a blur.
For two people so gone on each other, they didn’t do more than kiss and wrap up in each other’s arms. Sam came to the deck door a while later, and without disturbing the scene took a picture of the two heads in the Adirondack chair, silhouetted against the setting sun. He backed up quietly and left them to their new relationship. With a smile he txted Charlie:
“These butterflies just started landing on me, Dean, and look around this garden, there are hundreds, just hundreds. The children are enjoying this as well.”
“What’s up Cas? You look like you are having profound thoughts, and yeah, how do you know Mari so well?”
“I know, let’s do it then.” Dean smiled as Cas sat up and tried to fix his hair. They got back out on the road and Dean went through his mental list of good burger places and realized there was one about 30 minutes away.
“I have just never seen you so eager to help a creature that isn’t human Dean. You seem very comfortable, much more so than I expected. Mari is an old, old creature. She and her kind walked the earth long ago and there are very few of them left. In fact I haven’t seen them in hundreds of years. Mari and her mate may be the last two. I sometimes call in on them for a long perspective on the world.” He seemed wistful, looking suddenly as old as his years, and it hit Dean that there weren’t many creatures as old as Cas either.
“I thought you might like to find music you like and this has a good camera too, so you can take pictures of our trip, or whatever you want of course.”
Dean just blushed and shoved his hands in his jeans pockets. “I wanted to make you feel better Cas. I’m really glad it worked.”
“Look man, I’m not doing this tap-dance. Cas is fragile, but he has been looking at you like you’re his everything for a long time now and I think you should go for it. You’re looking at him too and don’t have a problem with it. Have a good night. I’ll see you back at the bunker.” Sam strode off without another word and Dean shook his head in amazement. His brother was such a pain, but he was right. He needed to talk to Cas and tonight. The thought twisted his gut with nerves. He would never say it out loud, but he needed Cas as much as Cas needed him. He couldn’t imagine his life without the nerdy little guy in it.
“I am new to being human and being on the earth all the time. I have no, what did Sam call it? Safety net. I just have you and Sam. I’m afraid that if I can’t be a hunter you won’t want me anymore and I have nowhere to go, no friends.”
“I heard Charlie and Sam talking about Stephen King and The Stand is supposed to be good. I’ve never tried a scary book, but I like the description.”
“I was watching the stars and thinking.” He saw the food then. “I do forget to eat. I’m not used to having to. Thank you for bringing me sandwiches.”
“There’s a good place not to far away and hey it’s not the first time we’ve had burgers for breakfast right?” said Dean.
“Human emotions are often difficult for me. They seem  too crude for the complexity of feelings to be expressed and sometimes there are so many emotions that I can’t follow the subtle interplay of them. But I know about love and I have happily loved you for years Dean.” Then to Dean’s amazement, Castiel leaned in and kissed him with confidence. Dean returned the kiss, feeling giddy and strange.
“I apologize Dean, angels move soundlessly place to place. But I insist you are not an idiot. Why would you say that about yourself?”
Dean laughed, enjoying cheering up Cas with food. He was so easy to please sometimes and yet was this ancient being with a head stuffed full of knowledge. “That’s great. Sadly it’s loaded with sugar, so it’s hell on your teeth, but it does taste good. We’ll get some for the bunker from a store on the way back.”
“It’s a surprise, open it” said Dean. He fidgeted while Castiel poked in the bag and Sam gave Dean a funny look, that said he would try and talk to him later. Finally Castiel pulled out the box that had a new iPhone in it and another box with a pair of good wireless headphones. He looked a bit stunned and turned a beaming smile on Dean, who felt wrecked by that smile, but he smiled back.
Day three they finally arrived at the beach house, having to peer carefully to see the wood sign that Stu had said to look out for. Finally Sam called out and they turned down what Dean thought looked like a path rather than a driveway. With tree branches brushing the roof of the impala, they kept going until they emerged into a clearing with a small cabin perched right at the border between the grass and the sand of the beach. Almost before Dean was parked, Sam leapt out and started to look around.
“You humans might think we are monsters, but we only prey on animals. You have no name for us in your language. We have been on this continent longer than people and will probably outlast you. May I offer you some tea while we talk?” The offer of tea coming out of the mouth of a ten foot high, furry creature made Dean snort, but he managed to turn it into a cough.
Dean laughed and leaned in for another kiss, long and slow and sweet. “Dean’s patented insecurity, you know me. But, Cas you gotta know, I don’t ever want anyone else. You’re it for me.”
There was only silence. Dean stilled his breathing and tried to extend his senses and read the room. There was no breathing nearby which either meant Sam was being held elsewhere or he was dead, but Dean couldn't even let himself think that. That way lay hopelessness and Dean needed strength. The space around him felt deadened, muffled; no creaks from wooden walls or floors, no outdoor sounds of wind, rain or traffic, so they were in a cave possibly or in a facility underground. The smell made him decide that it was a cave. There were damp earth and mossy, plant odours. All of it meant that they had been moved, but he didn't have any idea how far. His head was throbbing from being upside down and he missed someone entering the room.
Monsters didn't often get the jump on the Winchester's as badly as this, thought Dean as he watched Sam grabbed and held down by two hulking hairy brutes. It was the last thing he saw as darkness fell and he toppled to the floor.
“What did you think of?” Asked Dean, swinging around to better face his brother. “Come on, what dream have you been sitting on?”
Dean really wished he could be cool enough not to jump when Cas appeared, but nope, he was as bad as a teenager in a   slasher film.
Dean had never really appreciated the size of the bunker until he had to track down a missing angel. He hadn’t seen Castiel since lunch and it was now 11:30 pm and Dean was worrying. Since becoming human, Castiel had a tendency to hole up in his room for hours, or disappear into the bowels of the bunker doing his own thing. He avoided talking to Dean or Sam and Dean wasn’t even sure if the former angel was eating.
“Shut up Dean. Just sit and listen, alright?” Dean nodded, still with Cas’s hand over his mouth. “I have no desire for the things you said. A girlfriend, a dog, these aren’t important to me.  There are some things I would like to change. I want to learn, perhaps take a class. Most of all I want to stay with you, however you will have me. If it is only as a friend I will consider that an honour, but if I can be more to you, it will make me very happy. Do you understand?”
“Of course” and Castiel went back in to the little kitchen area near the front door. Sam had unpacked the cooler into the fridge and Castiel grabbed three beers. He leaned into Sam’s room.
