„Sherlock you need to speak to me. What is your problem?“ I stared at him. „It´s… it´s complicated. I...“ „I can´t help you if you don´t speak to me, little brother.“ I shivered slightly. „It´s because of John… I can not concentrate anymore when I'm near him. I have to think of him all the time. And I get so hot when he looks at me. It´s so confusing. I… I don´t know what to do…“
I looked over at him. He just sat in the chair, only his dark blue dressing gown covering him and his beautiful, dark curls ... "Is anything?" I stared at him, stunned. "I can not concentrate if you watch me, look elsewhere." "Uh, sorry." My eyes returned to the newspaper. Yes, I literally hid behind it. Damn it was embarrassing. I would like to sink in the ground. My cheeks were getting warmer, if not hot. I should distract myself. However, there was hardly anything interesting in the newspaper.
John was on his way home. His jacket was almost completely wet. He was looking forward to the warm apartment, a tea and of course Sherlock. He wanted to take the next step with him today. Slowly he went up the stairs. Mrs. Hudson wanted to go to Oxford for a friend's birthday, otherwise the lovely smell of cookies would probably sweeten the air. At the top, he received the warmth of the living room.
Sherlock then sank only deeper into the sea, only his brown curls were visible and whispered something incomprehensible. The older man had already made some space by now and snuggled up beside his partner. "What did you say?". "I said," there he was again, "there are seven. Seven other pillows. Not fifteen. "" Good. Then there are seven other pillows and not fifteen. That does not explain where they're from. "" I ordered them. "Sherlock pointed to the kitchen behind him. There were exactly seven boxes on the table. "I need some boxes, it's really important. For an experiment. "
"John, bring me my tea.", I heard Sherlock behind me, "Can’t you do something yourself?", annoyed, I gave him his cup. "Just take a break, you worked the whole night through, that's not very healthy." The big detective just looked at me amused, "A break my dear docter? I can’t stop now, I'm about to solve the case." I just rolled my eyes and sat back on the sofa and peacefully reading my newspaper. I was really worried about him, this case was pretty busy, almost more than many others. He refuses my help. He didn’t sleep, he didn’t eat and he barely spoke to me. He only uses his soft, dark voice to treat me like his servant. „Bring me my tea“, „Just give me that document“. I was tired of it.
Timidly, he kissed Sherlock's neck. He left a few dark spots and his fingers stroked the delicate nipples. Sherlock almost lost his mind. "Please John, do something. It's so hot... ah inside of me. " "Everything will be alright, sweetheart. Wait." From the bedside table he got lube, spread it on his fingers and let it get a little warm. "That may hurt something now. But everything is alright? I'm here, "he whispered. The younger one just nodded, he was breathing fast, he was so excited. With a finger, John stroked the entrance. "Relax yourself." Kissing, he tried to distract Sherlock as he entered. The first finger was fine, but the second one hurt. The detective grimaced slightly, breathing faster, and scared. He tried to calm down. John does that well. Sherlock trusts him. After a while it got better and a third finger came along. "You're doing so well. You made it soon. It will be so beautiful, trust me. I love you."
He kissed Sherlock. "You're unbelievable. But another question: Are you tired? I'd like to try something new, so only when you're ready. " "I'm not tired."
He whispered to him. Sherlock calmed down quickly. He looked up at John and wiped the tears from his face with one hand.
John knew that there was nothing worse for his kid than rejection. "Come over my knees." Sherlock looked at him sadly but followed the instructions of a daddy. John did not want to overdo it and, above all, quickly get over it. "15 beatings, you do not have to count." His hand quickly shot to the pale skin.
I looked at the clock. It was now 2 o'clock in the morning. I should go home now. John. Yes, John is definitely home. I slowly got up and took my clothes. Outside, I closed the door. On the way I got something to eat and clarified by phone Lestrade on the solution of the case. Unfortunately, I was there at some point. At the Bakerstreet. My heart was racing. I felt it beating all over my body.
John open his eyes slowly. I backed away. „What…“ „I…only…sorry…“ A hot tear ran down my cheek. He looked at me. He was shocked and I cryed more. „John please … say something.“ He sat up and squatted next to me. John put his hand to my cheek. He gently strokes my tears away. But I couldn´t stop crying. „Shh, everything is okay.“ He huged me. „Oh, John“, I whimpered, „
He did not want to show Sherlock how much he liked it for now. He came closer, however, to its climax. Sherlock felt John's cock start to twitch and throb. The elder pressed the curly head to him. The detective could not breathe and could just suppress the gagging. Suddenly hot sperm ran down his throat. Satisfied, John pulled him away. From his mouth hung spit threads that dripped onto the floor.
Sherlock rolled his eyes as everyone began the countdown to the New Year. He reached out and held John by his arms, demanding his attention. “The point is that I am well aware that I am unpleasant, rude, ignorant, ridiculous, and obnoxious. And yet still I've somehow managed to become your friend. For years and years, it always came back to you. Always. I've been redeemed by your friendship so many times and in so many ways. And so I find myself in the strangest position I've ever been in. I love that you are entirely incapable of living a normal life. I love that you live on the same rushes of adrenaline that I do. I love that you always glance away laughing when someone says something that amuses you. I love that you protect and comfort those who cannot protect or comfort themselves. I love that you are constantly teaching me so many things that I never knew. I love that you trust me with your life when you don't even trust most people to tell you the time. And I love that at the end of the day, I always get to come home to you and that a place only feels like home if you inhabit it. You are the best man, the kindest and bravest man that I have ever known or ever will know, and whenever I imagine my future, you are always a part of it. None of this was ever supposed to happen to me. But I am so grateful that it did.”
One Saturday afternoon, the two of them went walking beyond the reaches of the Holmes estate. Sherlock told John explicitly where the flora ceased to be poisonous. It was one of those days that, despite being in the middle of summer, almost spoke of fall, where against all logic, you almost believed the leaves would begin to drop off the trees and the air take on that musty quality that autumn always brings.
The shelves were organized alphabetically, but every single inch of every shelf was crammed full, the more literary owner trying to fit a library's worth in this single room. It was endearing, in its way. He knelt like a man in church to examine the bottom shelves, scanning the spines looking for Whitman. And sure enough, accessible as always, there it was, a faded paperback of the collected works. He opened the book to a random page.
. She'd sent him a few texts, mundane messages that didn't tell him whether or not she was still truly mad at him. But he couldn't force himself to care either way.
He was sitting in one of the countless hotel rooms he'd lived in since the angel had fallen. He hadn't been able to go back to Baker Street.
A look of delight came over the owner's face, and he got up from his seat and blindly reached for a book, as if the whole conversation had happened before and it was muscle memory. It was a slender black volume, and the man flipped through it with ease. “This book is called
“Yeah. It was a gamble, but it sure paid off. Leave it to Sherlock Holmes to find an act that would better his chances.”
He looked up in the trees at the blades. The man hadn't hung them there of course. He was too weak for that. But his sponsor, that was another matter entirely. The trap set him ill at ease. What if someone else were to find a way to utilize it? To attack an unsuspecting tribute, walking through the woods like he had been? What if that tribute was John? He took his knife and bent down, grabbing the pieces of wire in his hand and cutting through them. All around him there were dull thuds and swishing noises as the blades fell from the trees, lodging into the ground or clanging off the rocks. With a sickening sound, one of the makeshift guillotines landed in one of the corpses, slicing into his abdomen, the moonlight reflecting off it, hitting Sherlock in the eyes. He squinted in the single slant of light.
Sherlock shook his head and began to examine the new slide. “That's ridiculous, Lestrade. Deductions like that are a perfect example of why you so constantly require my assistance with your cases.” Sherlock let the silence stretch on for a while before adding, “Besides, I think he's seeing someone. Some nurse. I forget her name.”
Sherlock was in a rage as he stood in Kitty Riley's apartment, staring at Moriarty. This was getting out of hand. Mycroft had been no help, as usual. If anything, he'd made the situation worse. Sherlock had yelled at him, told him to go back to doing busywork in Heaven where he belonged and leave Earth to those who had some idea what they were doing.
,” he said as if the word was in a difficult foreign language. “You realize of course that it is highly unlikely that someone could successfully murder someone with a hat.”
I shot her a withering glare. She arched an eyebrow at me. "What's the matter, Mr. Holmes? Feel exposed?"
Sherlock scored a nine, and seemed satisfied enough. He ignored a smile and words of congratulations from both Irene and Mycroft. He seemed more interested in John's score than his own.
Sherlock locked eyes with the young woman for a minute, and turned away when she smiled at him. That was the last thing he needed.
It took a moment for Sherlock to see him sitting there on the sofa, and he did a double take, confused as to why John wasn't in his usual chair, searching for meaning where there was none.
miserable. I still have nightmares, and I still wake up every morning thinking you're there, when I should know you're not. Do you have any idea how many times I've reached for a second mug for tea?
She set the knife down beside her and reached out, laying her hand on his shoulder. It was such a simple gesture, and it seemed so out of place in the arena. It was
After a while, Henry emerged from his hiding place. He rested his head on the small free space on one of John's knees, the only space within his reach that was not occupied by Sherlock. The dog let out a low whine.
The cliché about aching hearts is, of course, medically inaccurate. But there is some truth in the spirit of the phrase. There is no scientific way to quantify the kind of pain that comes from loving someone you are convinced will never love you in return. It cannot be treated with medication. It is a symptom of a greater disease, one that has proven time and again to be chronic and incurable.
Sherlock spent days awake at a time, sleeping only when he collapsed from exhaustion. His hands were sore, aching from hammering and chipping away at the stone. But slowly, the form of a human being began to arise. Sherlock had made him smaller than many men, but with such a strength that it was irrelevant. He worked tirelessly, even more so once he had the general shape created. Then it became a matter of developing the finer details, the things that truly made John who he was. The set of his jaw, the pride in his shoulders, the depth of his eyes, and those beautiful hands.
"Yes, well good thing we haven't spent the evening drinking and staring across crowded rooms like those idiots, then."
Sherlock made a flippant little hand gesture. “People grow accustomed to far worse.” John wasn't sure he believed him.
Sherlock stood in front of him, silent, waiting for John to cave and tell him like he usually did. But how could John explain this terror without explaining the Vermeer? The bystander wasn't just a bystander anymore. He was a criminal mastermind, a terrorist bomber who might know the only secret he had. Well, one of the only
In terms of being the more loving one, at least Sherlock had had plenty of practice. This was familiar territory, miserable as it could be. Keeping people at arm's length made you sore, but it was effective.
“The way he acts, I figured he might be one of those people who could sort of detach enough to kill someone, if he had to. A bit like a machine.”
Sherlock had been quiet, saying nothing as John checked his wound in the faint light filtering in from the hole in the rock above them. But his silence was more comfortable than it had been in the past.
John turned it on, the screen illuminating his face. Everything was in perfect order, as always. He began looking through the different folders of the phone. There were still pictures from recent cases. There was still an alarmingly short list of contacts in his address book. John opened the sent text messages. Most of them had been deleted, cleaned out over time. But the ones that remained were all sent to John. He saw the familiar first texts from their first case.
from the stack. The about the author section on the inside flap of the dust jacket contained a very simple photo of the man, and the text below it was notably brief: “John Watson was born and raised in Somerset. He served as a doctor in the military in Afghanistan. He currently lives in London.”
The small greenhouse had the fewest missing panes of glass, and a ceiling that was only perhaps eight feet tall, and as a result, it seemed considerably warmer and more controlled. There were sleek metal tables on one end, and a proper cabinet that stored some of Sherlock's chemistry equipment. All over the small counter and the tables were small potted plants, some of which John recognized.
They passed a while in silence after that, the afternoon light fading into the sick grays of twilight.
“When Harry was eighteen, she staged a coming out because she wanted to openly date Clara. Neither of our parents had known about Clara, and she'd only told me one night, late, after she'd come home drunk from a party. She was already quite the drinker by eighteen. But Harry invited me down to the living room too, to keep up the pretense. It didn't go well. It ended up being this huge fight, and all I could do was sit there and not say anything, because I didn't want them to be angry with me too, for keeping it a secret as long as I had. She made the mistake of telling our mother late in the evening, when she'd already gone through a lot of whiskey – that's probably where Harry got the habit – and when Harry put her foot in her mouth, like always, our mother threw her glass at her. It missed, didn't hit her or anything, but the glass shattered behind her when it hit the wall, and she screamed because she was so surprised. I wanted to intervene, but I didn't know what to do. It wasn't long after that that she kicked Harry out entirely. I remember the look Harry gave me, when she turned to leave. She looked like I had betrayed her by not saying anything, not standing up for her. That's why Harry was in such bad shape when she split up with Clara. When she was kicked out, the two of them moved in together, and they were very happy for a long time. Harry made it a point to let our mother know how happy they were. So when they split, she felt like it was something she couldn't stop from happening, because our mother had told her that there was no way something like her and Clara could last.”
John could only stare at him. If it was obvious to Sholto, who else was it obvious to? He set the bottle down on the coffee table after refilling his glass yet again, and said, “I just came from Mary's.”
Sherlock stared at him for a minute. He wanted to say nothing, that was clear enough. But the effect of this place, of this tiny, secluded little Grecian balcony, was far too strong. It had been drawing them out all night. The combination of location and a quiet, still night made it impossible to keep walls up where there should be none.
After what could have been two minutes or two hours, they heard it: “Code blue OR 3 all clear. Code blue OR 3 all clear.”
Sholto's house stood silent and vaguely haunted as always, but there was a second car in the driveway, which John immediately attributed to a hired hand that had yet to quit out of misplaced moral outrage.
John was on the verge of passing out when he finally let himself into his tiny room. It was little more than a hotel, just a bedroom and bathroom, but he had been incapable of handling much more since returning from Afghanistan. He set the painting down on top of his dresser, pulling his coat off and draping it over a chair. He turned on every single light, as if that would somehow make the evening more cheerful.
But was John aware? Or was he so certain and steadfast that he couldn't see what felt like glaring insecurity badly masked by sarcasm? Sherlock was beginning to believe that many people knew what was going on in his head, but didn't bother to tell him. Was John one of those people, too? If so, didn't he see Sherlock as rather desperate and pathetic?
He turned the book over in his hands finally, running his fingers along the edges of the yellowed paper. Auden. He had never heard of Auden.
A silence fell over the woods. There were the usual noises, of course, wind through the trees and occasional birdsong, but they were so much a part of the background that they didn't even register with John. Sherlock's frenzy had created a world where everything seemed like silence by comparison.
He stalked off to the kitchen and came back with a sponge soaked down in water. He scrubbed all over the marble, but the color would not fade.
"What was going through your head when you were composing that?" John usually didn't pay attention to Sherlock's moody compositions, but in the absence of anything else to do with his time, he'd really listened to this one, trying to hear it as someone like Sherlock might, hearing the structure. But while it was indeed structurally sound as Sherlock had said, it had too much emotion behind it to be merely constructed. And it was much longer than usual.
“It's great to meet you.” John held out a hand, and the man stared at it for quite a while as if it was a foreign gesture. Finally, he tugged the gloves on, and only then did he shake John's hand. John thought it odd, but mentally classified the man as a germaphobe and thought little else of it. “I couldn't help but notice your gardens when I was driving by the other day.”
Sherlock stood with his hand out, as if John was an animal who would be startled if he came closer. John lowered the gun, wondering why his brain would create this of all images, but as Sherlock walked toward him, he realized he was real. This was no corpse in a gray coat. It was Sherlock, in arena black, worn out and beaten just as he was.
When John felt his fellow soldiers were safe, he deemed the stillness unnecessary as he had the first time, but the world remained frozen. He didn't understand. Was it in his control or not? The world stayed still for nearly two hours, during which time John became nearly insane waiting for resolution.
Sherlock ignored him. He was sitting on the long dark leather sofa, behind a large sketchpad. His pale hands were covered in black charcoal smudges. He was still in his pajamas, which Mycroft had to admit was an improvement over how he'd found him last time he visited. On that occasion, the artist had been wrapped in a paint-covered sheet, and nothing else.
He looked up at the man, sitting behind the table with body language that was clearly making an active effort to not appear defensive and unwelcoming. But he was still visibly uncomfortable. It didn't look as if the general public noticed, but Sherlock knew the tells, the little details, twirling a ring on his finger, pulling at a loose thread on his sleeve, tapping the pen against his hand. He was almost ready to rise from the table and bolt.
“It's not like they don't know who I am already, El. I've been around long enough. James Patterson doesn't need to do tours to sell books.”
Sherlock froze with his cup halfway to his mouth, eyes tracking for which student had spoken. It was a reserved young man who had not yet contributed to the conversation, but as he did, he instinctively looked to a specific member of the group. The one observed was unaware. Weren't they always?
Most importantly, he was the first person John had encountered who did not seem to pity him upon finding out about his military past or his presence at the Hickman bombing. In fact, it didn't come up at all after they left the flat. Instead Sherlock talked about all manner of things, showing particular enthusiasm for crime. And John couldn't help but get invested, wanting to know the results of the cases Sherlock told him about.
A few feet away, Sherlock saw a man shake his head at the dairy, as if he were thinking the same thing.
KR: Do you ever find, even in books based on existing cases, do you find yourself inserting people you know into the stories? Fictionalized versions of people just like fictionalized versions of crimes?
Sherlock waited, expecting her to emerge like a monster, ready to destroy again. He looked downriver, looking for signs of her surfacing. But none came. It made no sense. The river wasn't that dangerous. And while it could certainly knock her down, it didn't even look deep enough to drown in.
.” It came out as a terrible gurgling sound, blood distorting his speech. “Run!” John and Sherlock seemed rooted to their places, locked on Henry. He looked up at them once more, his skin growing darker by the second as he bled. “Run!” The word came out strangled, and a crashing came from the brush behind him. John and Sherlock's heads jerked up at the sound, and with one look to each other, they turned away from Henry Knight and ran.
John had always looked at works of art from a safe distance, no way of marring them or obscuring them. But Sherlock wasn't a painting or statue. He was a work of art that didn't have to be appreciated only from a safe distance. There was no rule in place that prevented him from being touched. Finally, a work of art he could touch like a painter making brushstrokes on canvas.
The DI walked in and shut the door behind him, some evidence bags and binders balanced in his arms. He didn't bother with a greeting. Both men were past that now.
But nighttime also allowed for some of the most impressive pieces of Sherlock Holmes' garden. The murky and unkempt ponds gave way to the deep pinks of perfectly symmetrical water lilies, the air thick and heavy with fragrant jasmine. So often the fragrances of all the different flowers would blend together during the day so that by the end of the night, John usually couldn't tell the difference between any of them. But the jasmine was always unmistakable.
John never wanted to leave him, this room, this bed. Hour after hour of closeness and laughter, of unafraid smiles and heartwrenching beauty. Things had never been like this with Mary, or any of the other women he'd tried to date, and he questioned whether he had ever loved anyone before at all, if all those other relationships had just been flights of fancy, simply training him, giving him points of comparison he could use down the line after meeting the great love of his life.
Sherlock had thrown Mycroft a line about how an angel should be more concerned with the ethics of deliberately arranging meetings between people. He had not taken kindly to that.
“Pulse elevated,” he said, holding John's wrist up between them. “Pupils dilated.” John jerked his hand away. “Not a real limp, and not an act.” He turned, his robe swishing around him as he sat down again.
ancient. If not for the cars and people and modern dress John would have expected to look down a street and see directly into a different time. Rome had a history that England didn't, despite its own centuries of wars and kings. Perhaps it was the Mediterranean climate, perhaps the ruins and monuments tucked in between modern buildings, or maybe it was just the dreamlike quality of the situation, the obvious feeling that he was a stranger in a strange land, but Rome felt like an entirely new world. Ancient and divine, dwarfed by domed churches and crumbling pillars, and at the same time, human and mundane, people chatting together at cafe tables and stray cats darting in and out of alleys.
“You are bloody ridiculous, you know that?” John could barely get the words out through his laughter as he and Sherlock walked down the street, their steps not quite as steady after all the drinks they'd had. Sherlock had just nearly gotten them into a fight, arguing about ash of all things. John hadn't known quite what to expect when he'd slipped Sherlock the extra shots, but at the very least, the results were entertaining.
Eventually, he could no longer escape his father, who found him sitting outside at their picnic table, phone on the wood on the off chance it should light up with an incoming message. John had been reading Whitman by the back porch light, fixated tonight on a short poem titled “As Adam Early in the Morning,” for reasons he didn't even want to begin to try to face.
“It will become your problem,” Mycroft said. “People in places of power being upset with you is not a good position to be in. And you,” he said, drawing Sherlock's attention, “you have certainly put me in an awkward position. Did you ever consider that your actions would reflect badly on me?” Sherlock rolled his eyes. Mycroft looked between the two of them. “When you have interviews, when you go on your tour, we will be working damage control. Otherwise you will not be safe.”
John was shown to his room, a quiet corner of the first floor in the back. One of the doors opened into the house itself, and one that he found inside open directly onto the porch that wrapped around the building. He could see the shadowy outlines of trees and fences beyond the porch light. But old habits die hard, and it was mere seconds before he had pulled all the curtains shut and turned on every light the room could offer. It still wasn't bright enough, the place designed to feel soft, lamplight carefully shaded, no harsh overhead panels, no bright white bulbs. Just this small room with its worn but comfortable bed, the quilts, the pair of old easy chairs in the corner, the thick rugs underneath his feet. Just like home. Or rather, just what home was
Sherlock smiled as he returned the book to the crook of his arm. “As I believe you'll appreciate the phrasing, I'm inclined to say,
“What beat it?” John didn't answer. He stalled, taking a drink. Every time he tried to speak, he failed. Words were easier here, but some were still poison in his mouth. “You don't have to answer, you know.” John was almost startled by the comment, partially due to his own temporary journey into his own thoughts, partially because Sherlock was usually so dogged when pursuing answers to things he wanted to know.
Sherlock could see the lights reflecting off the floor and furniture before he was even all the way in the flat. It looked nearly identical to how it had looked when he'd last seen it. John hadn't gotten rid of hardly anything.
All he could think as he stood there letting the cigarette smoke curl further upward into the sky, was how John would have appreciated this light-obsessed phantom, and how, merely by that association, Sherlock cherished them, too.
Standing nonchalantly on the other side of the Square was a tall man in a dark purple shirt. He looked terribly bored. John recognized him. He had seen Sherlock around before. No one in District 12 especially liked him. There were all sorts of rumors about what his actual job was, and most people thought best to not trust him at all. He had, as far as John knew, no family or friends to speak of. He may have been unlikeable, but John couldn't judge him for whatever work he did. They all did what they had to to get by.
“You okay?” John asked from the other side of the table in what the owner of the restaurant had dubbed
“Sit.” Sherlock waved his hand over the table, refusing to take a single step away from the counter until John was seated. Even then, he stayed in place for a while, arms crossed over his chest, only sitting down himself reluctantly and after many false starts. Sherlock watched him carefully, as if expecting him to fall apart. John tried not to startle him.
“No, I mean the stars.” He pointed up. “Don't they usually have more stars up than this? And the moon was full last night, so where is it now? Why are they making it darker?”
One section was nothing but flowers that were so dark they appeared black. Sherlock called them blacknight hollyhocks.
"Listen, John, I know this has been a shock, but we can only base our case on what we know. Direct quotes, physical evidence, that's all we can go on. Even if we believe Sherlock wasn't a fraud, we can't run with it unless we have something to back it up with."
Sherlock pulled out his keys, flipping through them and looking at them with intense scrutiny while he tried to find the one for Baker Street's front door. When at last he found it, he attempted to unlock the door, failing miserably, all hand-eye coordination gone. He frowned at the lock. John burst out laughing. “Here, let me, or we'll be out here all night.” He reached out, grabbing Sherlock's hand and pulling it away from the door. Sherlock didn't stop him, but he stared blankly at John's hand, eyes half-open. John looked at him for a moment, wondering if he was feeling all right, before slipping the keys out from his fingers. Sherlock seemed to come back to life when the keys left his hand, and he pulled his hand back, balling it into a loose fist before letting it drop to his side.
He was at a full run when the new round of gunfire echoed off the buildings, new and ancient brought together by that harsh metallic finality. So many bullets, one after another after another. The police? No, couldn't be just police trying to apprehend a single man.
There was only one item he removed from this preserved site. A newspaper dated the day they left for Rome, opened to a story tucked into one of the back pages about some threats made against an Italian gallery.
John went out for drinking water the next morning, carrying the canister Irene had sent. He nearly tripped four times walking down to the river. He mentally chastised himself. This was why this was all a bad idea. He couldn't afford to have his mind split. The only focus should be survival. Not...whatever this was.
And within one second, he went from hysteria to a shock as still and silent as Harry's had been, when his eyes fell upon the author's name.
There were people who beat the curse, of course, people who could churn out book after book or film after film. And once they got to number three they usually managed to cement themselves in the creative world. It was just a matter of getting past number two, the project doomed regardless of its quality. It was all fear, in the end. Some people could handle the derision that often accompanied second works. He had discovered that he simply was not one of them.
The first time Sherlock Holmes stopped the world, he was seventeen. He would never forget the shock he felt upon seeing his parents and his brother frozen in place in the parlor of their estate. Of course, he believed it to be a fluke, not something
“We give those to people who are dying. If I had something safe to give you for the pain, I would. But I don't.”
John smirked. "For trying to be normal, as you put it. Really, though, Sherlock, this is nice. And it wasn't a case of you not paying attention. Cathy and I only broke up a few days ago. I didn't mention it."
One day, John set down a cup of tea beside Sherlock, who sat at the table in the living room, staring intently at something on his laptop. They had fallen into so many familiar little habits. John stood for a moment, reading over his shoulder. Sherlock took a long drink of the tea and smiled.
kill her. And I won't regret it.” Lestrade's eyes, they had the same look John had seen on soldiers trying to talk down their suicidal partners, afraid that one wrong word, one movement might drive them to their breaking point, that the thin ice would shatter underneath their feet.
John stared at the poem, the musings of a very conflicted and cynical person. No roses in this garden.
"Sherlock, listen to me." He had that serious tone in his voice, almost like a parent, that he got whenever I was being difficult. "Sherlock, would you be still for five seconds?!" I stopped mid-step and looked at him. He was staring at the floor, exasperated, yes, but uncomfortable as well.
John slammed the book shut and rubbed at his temples, feeling like the physical embodiment of a scream yet to be let loose. He knocked back the remainder of his drink, grateful that his past self had thought well enough to bring the bottle. Ironic. Drinking away anxiety after planning an intervention for an alcoholic. Sherlock would surely find that amusing.
John looked down at Sherlock, still holding his hand. Sherlock was staring at the bandage over the puncture wound, his face an eerie calm like the eye of a storm, and the threat of more bad weather that John saw in his eyes made him understand. That simple gesture of first aid had probably been the only contact Sherlock Holmes had seen in decades.
“It's not about whether or not I find this nonsense beautiful. I don't care about that. I care about why normal people adore it. I want to know why people have been dedicating poems to the subject for centuries. I just want to understand.”
When he woke up one morning, his eyes were edged in tears, and the only memories he had in those first moments upon waking were of stained glass and stars, and kisses ended too soon.
On the cab ride home, he almost told the driver to go to Baker Street twenty times. After all, he knew the owner's address, it was only right that he return the man's property to him. But somehow the book felt like a key in a fantasy novel, mystical and sure to unlock something important. He could have pulled it out on the ride, but decided against it. The flicker of street lamps wasn't enough. The book merited a slower going-over; it demanded real light.
“I'm supposed to put people back together. I'm not supposed to hurt them. I'm a healer, not a murderer.”
John could have been stark naked and no one would have noticed him. And he took some comfort in that fact as he gave one last glance over the scene before turning and walking off down the street.
“Unless it's sad romantically I want nothing to do with it. The world has its own wars and deaths and cruelties. I'll stick to a more gentle sorrow. Love poems can always guarantee you that.”
Sherlock gave the statue a wide berth for the next few days, and he noticed no change in color. He continued to speak out loud in front of it, not as convinced as he once was that it couldn't hear him.
And as he stared at his phone, free from all notifications of any kind, he couldn't stop himself before typing out and sending: “I miss you.”
Mycroft came to my room one day. "Victor came to see you, although I don't suppose you remember it."
Sherlock sleeping was always a fascinating thing to John. He couldn't imagine how a brain like his ever slowed down enough to sleep.
His thoughts became a stream of consciousness, a fight or flight response that immediately took him back to sun and sand, to explosions and fire. He tried to stay clinical, knowing that if he didn't he would crack.
That weekend, Sherlock told him he had loose ends to tie up, and John took the opportunity to gain some distance from London, and so set off on the train with a bottle of whiskey in tow.
"I wonder how much else that applies to?" John was talking more to himself, in a sort of stream of consciousness. "We see but don't observe. We hear but don't listen. We talk but don't speak. And you don't even realize that's the case until you finally really observe or listen or speak."
Sherlock took one hand off John, reaching into his pocket to pull out his phone. He turned the screen toward him, harsh light revealing text messages.
– the lips and hands were gone, and there was a moment's pause, some spoken promise by Sherlock, before he took off and vanished.
John laughed. “So, what? Are we friends now? Or are you still convinced that people can't be friends?”
“Yeah, they were together a long time. They broke up a while back, and, well, Harry hasn't ever been the most stable of people, and she took it pretty hard.”
how that feels." He pointed an accusatory finger at the headstone, just as he had done to Sherlock himself in the past. "Why did you have to do this to us? It didn't solve anything!" He paused, took a few deep and shuddering breaths. "Sometimes, I really hate you."
John just held his hands out, palms up. He could think of nothing to tell her. Mary just shook her head and sat in the wooden chair at the table, and John thanked god she hadn't chosen Sherlock's seat.
"It was time to come back," Sherlock uttered, sauntering forward. "You've been letting things slide, Graham."
After three cuts Sherlock feels his memories becoming more distant. He could feel himself be more in the moment. He sighed, content with the feeling. He could see this logic was flawed. That this wasn't going to help in the long term. But for right now it was extremely helpful. He went back into the bathroom, doing his best to treat his wounds, both the old and new. He had enough experience to know that keeping them clean wouldn't lessen the pain.
"I will find your underground terror cell , Mycroft. Just put me back in London. I need to get to know the place again, breathe it in. Feel every quiver of it's beating heart," Sherlock replied. Mycroft had always been quick to panic. It was nice to know he still had the ability to make his brother do that. In those moments it almost felt like a normal sibling relationship. This time, it was Anthea who replied.
"...Greg." Sherlock honestly thought, in the pause that followed, Lestrade was going to hit him. He was even more certain when his right arm swung round. Sure the aim was off, but it didn't stop him from being startled when he felt himself being pulled into a hug.
"Why would he be? It's been two years." Of course, why hadn't Sherlock factored that in? "He's got on with his life." At this, he actually snorted.
"... What do you mean?"  he was hunched in such a way that looked as if he wanted the seat to swallow him right then and there, just so he wouldn't have to tell John. This wasn't going to end well.
I realise I've changed the order of events from how they appear in the show, I just felt like the timeline ran a bit better this way. It helped to develop Sherlock's emotional state at the moment too.
"Fine." Sherlock had never been so thrilled to hear that word. "But you only get a few minutes, so make it quick"
It didn't take long for John to fall asleep. Only ten minutes or so passed before Sherlock stood from his bed. As quietly as he could he went to his bedroom so and opened it, extremely thankful for the lack of squeak. John must had fixed it, because he remembered it doing so a couple of days ago.He drifted through the kitchen and paused at the end of the kitchen table, peering round the door frame.  He could see Rosie lying on her back, sleeping soundly. The sight made him smile. As much as he didn't see himself looking after children Rosie was the exception. Watsons were always the exception it seems. He craned his neck further and saw the top of John's head on the sofa, his shoulders gently rising and falling as he slept soundly. That sight made him smile even wider, his heart almost ripping out of his throat.
"John," he whispered, "please, just hear me out. I know I've done everything wrong and I am truly sorry." With that John slowly turned to face him, how own expression not yet rearranged to hide the shock he felt. Begrudgingly he answered.
"Oh, hello, sweetheart," he whispered, and she instantly stopped whimpering and started babbling. "Oh, did you have a nightmare? I'm sorry darling..." John paused, picking her up, then continued pacifying her until she was calm. Sherlock could hear her stilted blubbering as she used the language she could to express what she dreamt to him, and John's steady answers consoling her. He hated thinking that she was seeing bad things in her mind. He wished he could protect her from them, but it was part of life. All he and John could do was be there for her. There were three minutes after Rosie had finished of almost silence, excluding Rosie's sniveling. Sherlock had started drifting off to sleep when he heard John talking again.
"Mary!" John called from down the street. He had found a cab. Mary smiled and gave a little wave, leaving Sherlock alone on the bench to watch as they entered the car and were driven away. He sat for a minute contemplating everything that had occurred during that reunion before slowly getting up. Walking home seemed the best option right now. He needed to be alone. Properly alone. There was too much of a chance that even the driver could try to talk to him if he went in a taxi. But it would take too long to get to Baker Street from here anyway. He set off towards the flat, walking slower than he normally would have done. The need for sleep had finally caught up with him as he  ambled along, but some other needs, that he hadn't felt in quite some time, started making themselves present too.
"Dada Shock." His breathing was lost again. Any other sound was stifled as his brain whizzed around, not stopping until John came back into the room.
"John, I need your help." He looked so astonished at this Sherlock would have found it comical in a different context. John too, he imagined.
"I don't understand, I said I'm sorry, isn't that what you're supposed to do?" Mary looked at him with a look of someone who was having an epiphany.
"Swear to god!" John was still shouting, but Sherlock could tell that he was starting to calm down again. A smile crept on his face as he stared down at John, even though he wasn't meeting his eye.
"Wading in? You sat there and watched me being beaten to a pulp" He and Mycroft had never seen eye to eye. This was one of those times. He had worked out by now that Mycroft had been present for a great deal of the sessions. And the sessions had gone on for longer then he had originally thought.
"Sherlock, I cant believe you!" Lestrade proclaimed, anger bubbling though him. "He's your best friend! How have you not seen him yet?"
Well, hindsight. He hoped he could have his mind back once he could have a proper sleep. With that he hailed a cab to get to the yard.
John surprised Sherlock by grabbing him by the collar and dragging him along to a quiet takeaway place, with Mary in tow. They stood there, all ordering cans of coke so they could stand inside without getting kicked out. The silence stretched for five minutes. Once again, Sherlock was sensing the awkwardness and felt the need to lighten the situation.
"I didn't know you spoke Serbian." That was enough to get Mycroft going again. You can count on a Holmes boy to use up the last of the oxygen on the planet proving that they are clever. Sherlock let him continue, adding to the 'conversation' where necessary, but otherwise trying to ignore the rest of the world. Just then the door opened behind him and in walked Anthea, holding one of Sherlock's suits. His heart beat faster as joy spread through him, a feeling which he had long forgotten about. It finally hit him that the worst was over.
"Still. Good to have you back." He went back to grinning and lightly punched his arm. "I bet John was pleased to see you, eh?" Sherlock visibly perked up when he heard mention of John.
"No, you just sleep," John whispered, giving Sherlock a swift kiss on the forehead before leaving the room. Rosie's whimpers came through the speaker as he closed his eyes again. John's voice soon answered the cries.
"You have no idea how it's been Sherlock," she babbled, giving him a run through of everything he had missed in the past two years. "Shame on you for leaving a woman of my age all alone! Of course, you're not all to blame about that. John could have kept coming round, but today has been the first time he's been round in ages. Not that I blame him, really, I get that you going was harder on him than anyone else, but it would have been nice not to have been left alone-"
It took all that Sherlock had not to go wake up John with hugs and kisses. But he knew that was a bad idea. He had to force himself to remember that John had PTSD. Waking him up like that was a likely way to earn himself a punch, and then you would have to men in the middle of the living room having panic attacks, probably with an alarmed, crying baby, and no one would be of any use for a good ten minutes. He knew all that, but it didn't stop him wanted to go over.
After that night, John's presence in Sherlock's bed was a regular thing. At first John used the excuse of Rosie getting too old to sleep next to her dad, but it soon became more to do with the ease of reaching out and kissing each other.
By the time Sherlock had gotten to the flat, his skin was crawling with the need for morphine. Either that or pain. Or maybe just sleep. But even that couldn't stop him deducing. It was obvious that, until some time earlier that day, no one had stepped foot in the apartment since he had gone. He wondered when John had moved out. Was it straight away? Was it when he started seeing Mary? He didn't really need the answers to these questions. He didn't care enough right now to look for them. So many memories were flooding in from all the time he and John had spent he that he was feeling quite overwhelmed, but also unable to move at this moment.It was starting to register that we was, in fact, in a considerable amount of pain.
.He entered the bathroom and took of his coat and shirt, air instantly cooling around the cuts, the way it does when it hits liquid on the skin. He did his best to look at his wounds in the mirror, thankful that he had been wearing his coat all evening. If John had seen these injuries, he would have gone all doctor-mode, and he and Sherlock would never have gotten to discuss everything they had tonight.
"Alright there we go, it's all better now, Rosie," John said, his grin audible through the speaker. "Now it's time for bed. Do you want a story before sleeping?"
"Oh, he has brilliant news. He's getting married!" Oh. There it went. Mrs Hudson was still prattling on. Describing everything she knew about John new love, no doubt. But Sherlock wasn't listening. Finally Mycroft's look of pity made sense. Of course he have moved on with his life. Just because Sherlock's would stop if he lost John, doesn't mean it would happen the other way round. No. He had to snap out of this. Be happy for his best friend. That's all they were. He was never his.
"Can I recommend this one sir? It is familiar with but with a quality of surprise." Sherlock was practically jumping up and down by this point.
"Sssssshhhh- Ssshhha," Rosie answered quietly, starting to drift back to sleep. John kissed her head.
"My god, Sherlock! It took two years for you to do all that?" Lestrade exclaimed. "And no one knew you were alive?"
It was three hours before Sherlock could go to surprise John. He already knew how he was going to do it, so there was nothing for him to distract himself from what had just happened a few hours previous. Sleep was out of the question. Countering emotions ripped through his body in such a way that he had never felt before, so he walked. There was nothing else to do. He had wanted to see John first, but he had to distract himself. Time to go and see Mrs Hudson.
. He punched the walls several times, earning himself a few scratches, and found this helped him control the pain inside him a little better. He could really do with some cocaine. But he had to do this with a clear head.
Sherlock looked at his watch. ten past five. Lestrade should be on the way to his car by now, unless he was staying late. He took the gamble, and headed down the ramp to the car park under the building. He could hear Lestrade walking along. He could still recognise Lestrade's walk. Good. A flicker of pride crossed him and left an echo of a smile on his lips as he slowly advanced, keeping to the shadows. It surprised him when Lestrade stopped, patting his pockets, looking for something. It was obviously not his keys, they were in his trouser pocket. He'd heard the unmistakable jingle near the start of this bizarre routine.
"What life? I've been away." There was a strange look of pity on Mycroft's face that Sherlock couldn't quite place. But this wan't the time to work it out. He was too close to John now to think of anything else.
"And he did get very sad. He though everyone believed the jealous lord, even his closest knights, so he ran away. The knights were very sad when he had gone. They thought he was never coming back and it scared them. Things stayed broken and no one was able to make it okay. But after a very long time he came back, and all the knights were happy again. They had missed him so much while he was gone that they never left his side again, and made sure he would always stay safe, even from his own nightmares.
"No, there isn't." Only one part of his ensemble was not missing. He turned, ready to ask, when he heard the clicking of Anthea's heels coming down the corridor. A fond smile he didn't know he possessed until that moment spread across his face and he turned, letting her slide the belstaff over his shoulders.
"Excuse me, Mrs Hudson. Thank you for the tea, but I have got other things to be doing. My apologies for going, I'll be back later tonight." Mrs Hudson gave a startled look at Sherlock's sudden change, but it was nothing new. It took her a couple of seconds to recompose herself.
"No, look, seriously-" And that was it. He actually looked up. Slowly annoyance wore off into shock. He stumbled up.
"I am certainly endeavouring to, sir," huffed Sherlock. This was more difficult than he had originally planned. How could he be so narrow minded? They had lived together for so long, surely some of his own perception skills had rubbed off on him. He has no choice now but to go and get the champagne. He goes into the kitchen, quickly deducing where they keep drinks, and grabbed a random one. John wouldn't be able to tell the difference. He rushes out, eyes searching out his table and immediately stops. The sight of John sitting playing with an engagement ring made his stomach drop in a way that he couldn't quite put his finger on. He found himself needing to remind himself that he has no claim to John. Mycroft's pitying look. Mrs Hudson's excited babble. He turned and went back into the kitchen.
"No, I don't want to hear it, Sherlock." John was trying to get the attention of a taxi. "It doesn't matter anymore." It stung him so much to hear. John hadn't even clarified, but he had to be talking about their friendship. He had left it too late. The panic rose and he took a couple of seconds to push it back down.
Sherlock left 221B  with an hour before He could see John.  He took a deep breath, cleared his head, and planned out a route. It would only take fifteen minutes. Damn. That would give him too much time to think. Mentally apologising, both to himself and to John,  He went to find Lestrade. This is not how he had planned. He would have liked to start his return by telling the person he was closest to that he was back, but it seems he would have to wait. He kicked himself for not asking Mycroft for where he was
"How could you possibly have thought that was a good idea? I though you were supposed to be clever!" He looked away from everything when he answered.
Sherlock focused on his breathing for two minutes - although it seemed like hours - before he had control again. He had taken to harming himself after a few months of being on his own. It had helped him control the pain he was experiencing of loneliness. He hadn't felt that before John, but without him, he had felt empty. His hands clenched and the scars from the cuts and burns made themselves known. He hadn't expected to feel a craving to do this again now that he was back. Slowly he unclenched his fists and picked up the bottle for the surface to take to John. One last calming breath before he left the kitchen.
"And what about John Watson?" he asked. He hoped that Mycroft wouldn't notice how carefully he had avoided the subject of his best friend the whole seven hours he had been with him.
"I talked to Mrs Hudson when I got back. Also Lestrade-" Suddenly he was on the floor again, an angry John punching him everywhere he could reach. Fortunately for Sherlock, given John's short stature and the table being between them, he didn't get far before staff intervened, and kicked them out of the cafe.
"I think I'll surprise John. He'll be delighted." Sherlock smiled to himself thinking of all the ways he could do so. Bump into him 'randomly' on the street, knock on the door with a pizza, buy milk and leave it in the fridge for him to find, maybe even jump out of a cake at Baker Street. Okay, maybe not the last one, that was a little ridiculous.
"You're dead." What did John see in this woman? Stating something over again that was obviously false.
Sherlock sat on the bench outside the fish and chips, nursing his bleeding nose, Mary sitting next to him. John was just down the road trying to attract a cabby's attention.
"Well, I had some people who knew that. Nothing too specific though." Sherlock had to look away. Lestrade was looking at him with the biggest grin ever. As if his trip abroad had been terribly exciting. He hadn't gone into specifics, just the gist of tracking down and destroying Moriarty's web. Something must have shown on his face, because Lestrade cleared his throat.
"So the magic prince came home, and he realized just how loved he was. He never felt the need to leave his knights ever again, and stayed with them forever."
"I almost called so many times, John, but-" He was cut off by John's quiet laughing. He couldn't help but be reminded of all the times people had laughed at him. He had never thought that John would be one of them. Immediately his defences went up. "Well, I couldn't be sure you would spill the beans," he finished, feigning nonchalance. Mary stared laughing. To be quite honest he had forgotten she was there. But the laugh didn't seem quite the same. Sherlock looked, and it seemed almost as if she knew that he was going to say something else but was shielding himself from John's verbal offence. Maybe she's not as stupid as he had originally deduced.
"Just, one question, John, before you do anything you'll regret." He paused, but no response came. He had to alleviate the pressure somehow. He started smiling and pointed at John's moustache.
"My god, you really don't know anything about human nature, do you?" It didn't seem so much of a question, as a conformation of what she already knew. Sherlock found it both comforting and hopeful that John still talked about him.
"So, let me get this straight. You- you jumped. You left. And you didn't let me know you were alive, but you did let someone know. What was the point then? Why even do that?"
"...What do you think about that? If a new baby came to live with us?" Sherlock's eyes shot open quickly. He had missed something vital.
"Yes, just like Sherlock." Sherlock's breath stopped. It seemed almost like John was talking about having a child. Another one... With him. He would be lying if he said he had never thought about it, but he had never dreamed of saying it out loud.Never had he thought that John might the thinking the same thoughts. The floating feeling came back. He fought to control his breathing again. There was some more talking happening on the other end of the speaker, but it was too staticky for him to make out, until-
It took him less than a minute to pick up a disguise once he had entered the restaurant. He was actually quite pleased with it, if he did say so himself. He'd even drawn on a moustache and chuckled to himself about what John would say when he noticed. He headed over to the table he was sat at.
"You left. Everything. Me. You let me grieve. How? How could you do that?" Sherlock had not prepared for this question at all. He quickly sifted through all his mind could offer about how to deal with this situation. It was quickly becoming too much for him to handle.
He still had a key to Baker Street, so he let himself in. In hindsight, maybe he could have handles that better, but distracted and sleep deprived is not the best way to be when making decisions. The scream pierced through the room and he could do nothing but stare, frozen. These new feelings were going to take some getting used to. He quickly looked at his reflection in the glass of the door he was holding to to make sure the turmoil he was feeling wasn't showing on his face. It wasn't. Good.
"Those things will kill you." Pause. He watched as Lestrade slowly straightened up, probably, Sherlock surmised, assessing the scene before making any actions. The lighter clicked off.
"Okay, I'm starting to realise I might owe you some sort of an apology-" a slam on the table once again froze as he stared at John. He was smiling, but not in the way that makes you feel better. The way that scared everyone who looked at him. He was vaguely aware that the woman was trying to soothe John. Finally he spoke.
"For wading in. In case you've forgotten, field work is not my natural milieu." He knew it was going to hurt to try, but at this, Sherlock felt the need to sit up. Pain shot through him as he pushed himself to look into his brothers eyes, fury building.
As soon as he was out of sight and hearing he ran. As far as he could. Which, in his current state wasn't that far, but he had still managed to pass several roads before he had to stop. Breathing was extremely difficult. Not in an out-of-breath-from-running-way either. He found a quiet alley and crouched, trying to control hid breathing. The images still flashed in his mind. He realised he was crying.
"I'm hear, Rosie," he cooed. "Let's try not to cry. We don't want to wake up Sherlock, now, do we?" In the back of his mind he thought of how adorable it was the John would think about him, only just having woken up himself.
"Now, listen to me." Sherlock's whole body froze, but only for a second. Help had come. He couldn't bring himself to react to Mycroft's presence anymore than that. Of course he didn't listen. He never listened to his big brother. not really. But especially this time. Help had come, but not soon enough.
"There a terror threat putting London in imminent danger, John, I need to investigate and I can't do that alone, I need-" For the third time that night, John grabbed Sherlock, headbutting him.
The first time, it took Sherlock a while to hear through his dream. John's voice, soothing, soft and strong all at the same time, was already coming through the speaker.
It had been an ideal vanishing act. But it made these returns all the more unendurable, which was why one of the conditions to his coming to the intervention was that he would not stay at any of their homes. He couldn't tolerate being under the same roof as his father for any real length of time. Staying with Clara and Harry would arouse suspicion; Harry was cynical and realistic enough to know that John wouldn't venture to his homeland without reason. So he went past their family home in Glastonbury, farther out into the countryside he so despised. So dark, so quiet, so unrelenting and still. If only the constant daylight of London and his flat could somehow be bottled and transported.
But it couldn't possibly be real, could it? Not with the points of light from windows and passing cars, not with the only slightly nippy air on his face, not with the surreal stillness that came with standing in the wake of activity and life. People didn't turn around on your front steps and light up, apparently pleased to see you, certainly not in his experience. People's faces were supposed to be hardened by shadows, not made softer, and Sherlock couldn't help but feel like this was what it was like seeing John Watson for the first time. Not the author, with the tense smile and crafted polite answers. Life imitates poetry, he thought. And surely this surreality must exist with reason.
inconvenience.” John saw the man's hand appear near his face and instinctively flinched. The man rolled his eyes. “Really, John, now is not the time.” John felt the hand on his forehead, and there was no denying that this wasn't a hallucination. He could feel the long fingers, the cool skin. “Now hold still. And don't make me tell you twice.”
is a prime example of Romanticism, and it includes a madwoman locked away in an old house who escapes in the night and tries to set someone on fire.”
barely survive a terror bombing and have to see disembodied limbs where whole people used to be, and when
"By all means." As Sherlock watched John head off down the street, he added another word into his mental catalog of John Watson:
John stood across the room by the fireplace, a glass of whiskey in his hand. “Are you going to that New Year's party again this year?”
He looked up, his hand halfway to the flowers, waiting for explanation. Sherlock's hand was outstretched toward him in a warning. “Poisonous,” he said.
John scoffed, moved to leave, but Sherlock stood his ground and wouldn't let him pass. “What is all that? Some sort of Sherlock-speak for 'I love you?' ”
“Look at what you did to her! Look at what you've done to all of them!” How far would his voice carry? Would other tributes hear it? John didn't care. His audience would hear him, picked up on microphones, even over the growing roar of birdsong. He could have called them monsters, could have screamed curses at them. But the only other word he was able to choke out in the end was, “Why!”
"Because your bandages are applied in such a way that your eyes are covered. Obviously." John took a deep breath and made himself locate where his skin was covered. He felt the packed gauze across both eyes and all of his forehead, and a series of bandages running diagonally, covering the left side of his face. The right side was largely untouched, having been facing away from the explosion. There were more bandages up and down the entire left side of his body. He tried to keep his composure. He didn't like not seeing. His life had enough uncertainty to it without factoring in blindness. He wondered how people who were truly blind stood it, having to rely on your other senses and other people when both were so notoriously unreliable.
Their peace lasted for a good few weeks, and John thought that maybe they were past the worst of it, that maybe if he only had to deal with a relationship instead of work
“No. Even scientists are only finding temporary explanations, a way of rationalizing a world that we in reality know very little about. There are no answers, Sherlock.”
John was standing on the front steps, staring at the ground. When he looked up, surprised, Sherlock tried to wipe his own face clear of any hint of shock.
Sherlock shook his head and bent down to lift the pot, carefully touching only the outside of it. He set it down on the table as he reached into his pocket and pulled out his gloves.
Moriarty's body jerked back with the impact, the knife nicking John's neck before it fell out of his hand. Blood from the bullet hole in his head had sprayed onto John, spattering across the side of his face. His eyes were wide open, and he remained frozen in place.
"I assure you I am not wasting it. Socialising does not serve a purpose. Acquiring information does."
“Sherlock Holmes was shot tonight in his own home by the sole remaining associate of James Moriarty. A contract killer living under the alias Mary Morstan was taken into custody at the scene and was charged with two counts of attempted murder, those of Sherlock Holmes and his partner John Watson. Morstan has been living under her false identity for at least four years, sources say, working as a clinic nurse under a fake license. Holmes was rushed to a nearby hospital for surgery, and we are currently waiting for updates on his status. Holmes has already faced death at the hands of Moriarty's network once, and all of London is sending out their prayers that he will not have to face it yet again.”
“So you've been busy. Are you still in your same rooms? Those rooms always felt so temporary. I hope in all this excitement you've found someplace more permanent.”
John rolled his eyes. “I'll take that into consideration, thanks.” He stalked off to the kitchen for something to eat, saying over his shoulder, “We're going to Bart's in a while.”
The sky gave no answer. Sherlock wondered how long it would be before John gave up. Before he realized there was no way out. Eventually, Sherlock would have to find a way to leave him, to let himself be struck down by whatever the Capitol had waiting in the woods. John had to go home. Couldn't he see that?
Sherlock smiled a little. “I'd recommend going inside if you want to see more...traditional Bernini works.” He nodded toward the face of a tall white building. John walked off toward it without seeing if Sherlock would follow. It had become a guarantee. Just as John would always follow Sherlock, Sherlock would always follow John.
He set his bag down on the chest at the foot of the bed and collapsed on top of the blankets, his phone chirping in his pocket.
“And who's that you're talking to that's important enough to rudely interrupt a conversation between a man and his son?”
John waited for the smoke to clear a little, trying to make sense of it. There were no other tributes around as far as he knew. He walked a few steps closer, the smoke stinging his eyes as he tried to see what had caused the explosion.
John was walking home, wishing he'd swallowed his pride and taken a cab, and thinking much too seriously about the gun in his desk drawer, when a voice drew him out of his thoughts.
His closet door was open, and near it sat the suitcase that held the Vermeer. He had had to open it to get a shirt and had forgotten to shut it all the way, the edge of the canvas just visible under the clothes. John's eyes flitted to his door, checking to see that it was closed even though he knew damn well it was. The painting related paranoia had been mostly kept at bay since he moved, his brain usually too preoccupied with whatever was going on with Sherlock to think about it much. But in the silence of his bedroom, it crept up on him again.
They were nearly out of the store when Sherlock caught sight of a blue scarf, and before he could open his mouth, John said, “Fine, fine,” and let him get it as well. John had to admit it suited him.
The evening light cut through the crack between the curtains. All was quiet. All was calm. So why did it feel so goddamn
"He said that the call was his note." John could hear how shaky his voice was, but he didn't care. His therapist would almost certainly diagnose him with post traumatic stress this time, he thought.
“I don't care about stars and planets. Unnecessary information. No need to waste my time on it.” John let his hand fall and smiled at him, laughing a little under his breath. “What?” He shook his head. “It's just space.”
When they pushed their way out of their building, there were police cars waiting on them, planning to arrest Sherlock. Before John could rip them apart, before he could be indignant, Sherlock bolted. Though he knew Sherlock was innocent, running always looked guilty.
on his face, that wonderful one that always preceded his most impressive deductions. “Wenceslas was desperate for something to draw people to her gallery, very desperate.”
Sholto nodded, mulling it all over. He stood and crossed the room to the side table and got himself a glass, which he filled halfway before retaking his seat. When he took a drink it looked like moderation personified. He had never lost his cool on the battlefield, so he certainly wouldn't lose it now, even though John felt so wired that he thought he might snap at any second. Any calmness under pressure that he had once had was gone.
John started to walk away, but Sherlock stopped him. “John? Thank you. For being in the same orbit as me.”
“I can't lose him again. I've already lost him once, and I barely survived it. I can't do it again.”
The golden twilight had faded to black, and the only stars that came through the window were the lights from outside the hotel, fighting with the dim lamp light in the living room.
“Yeah, Mycroft, the older one. He's never around much anymore, except on holidays, which coincidentally is the only time of year his younger brother
“Look, I get it that you have this neat immunity to poisonous plants, but you don't have immunity to getting stabbed by thorns.”
Molly would continue her mooning over the years. I didn't know how to respond to it. So I left her to fight with her emotions on her own.
Sherlock watched as John eased through the hole in the fence at the edge of the District. Every morning the local healer would set out early to try and scrounge up enough food for him and his alcoholic sister. Since Sherlock almost never slept, he was the only one to ever witness this ritualistic devotion.
When the hand grabbed his ankle, he briefly, irrationally thought it was the dark-skinned man come back from the dead. But no. It was the security guard, the one who'd been patrolling the room, trapped under a large chunk of wall or ceiling, gasping for breath, rambling about “the painting.” And that was when John remembered.
Sherlock stood and walked to the window, looking out through the curtains. In front of 221B was a bevy of little children and a few of their parents. The children were all dressed as monsters and angels, the parents bundled up in street clothes. They all had smiles on their faces. He could just see John handing out treats to the gleeful little creatures. John was smiling too. He had that warm look on his face that he always got when he knew he'd made someone's day better. What it must have been like to have a mind as simple as that.
Baker Street was filled with crumpled paper. All of the discarded pieces held a variation of the same image. High quality sketch paper, and scrap typing paper, it didn't matter. For days, all Sherlock could do was fill them with The Man, his nonexistent audience. He used every medium: oil paints, watercolors, pastels, chalks, charcoals, India ink, marker, and even plain mechanical pencil. Whatever he could find, he used it to create, and then destroy, a rendering of the blond man with the wounded eyes.
John stared at the empty eyes of his friend, his heart hammering. He felt sick, nausea and dizziness rising up inside him, and as he felt himself fall, knees crashing into the ground, he heard a cannon. And as his world went black, he wondered if it was for him.
“Your tone when you talk about her sounds hateful. What is it about your past that bothers her so much?”
Upstairs, Sherlock hung his coat in the same place, walked across the room as if he had been in it yesterday.
She paused, tripping over her words a little. “You...you said you couldn't kill Sherlock. Do you think he could kill you?”
He walked slowly up the side alley outside the door, making his way up toward the street in front of the museum. Up ahead he could see yellow tape and the seizure-inducing flash of police lights. The crowd was back behind the tape, the area immediately around the museum cordoned off. When John reached the tape, he stepped behind it with the rest of the masses, watching the emergency vehicles and police work outside the front doors of the Hickman.
“What's got you this far off the beaten path?” The owner began to check John in, and John blindly signed the forms, slid his card across the counter, wondering if his better housing option might have been in the fields with the sheep.
The Square remained silent, as they did every year, as Mycroft's eyes searched the crowd for the tribute. Sherlock craned his neck and followed his gaze, his eyes landing on the woman. She was the healer's sister. Everyone in town knew that she was about one more drink of whiskey away from liver failure. Sherlock shook his head. He wasn't even sure if she was aware of what had just happened. She wouldn't last long.
He waited, trying to look around so it felt less like staring, turning his eyes to the shelves he could see, the carpet beneath his feet, the end of the aisle that remained empty. But still he saw the details, as always. John's fingers running over Sherlock's favorite lines, how he was so still that even his breathing seemed like a rush of movement, how his face looked nothing like it did when he was confronted by fans or his agent or the press.
Sherlock clasped his hands behind his back to keep from fidgeting. “I can be, if the situation calls for it.”
Even though he'd been in that room so many times, he had never really paid attention to it until that night he ventured inside after returning from Rome.
you have a girlfriend or boyfriend?” Sherlock started, not knowing quite what to do with the questions turned on him. “I mean, I'm sure the 'people can't be friends' thing doesn't help, but you seem pretty smart and you're attractive enough, so I still find it difficult to believe that you cut yourself off from people entirely. You're still human. I think.”
“I'd put that phone down if I were you, Mr. Holmes,” he said from the balcony behind John. Sherlock did as he was told, setting it down on a side table. “It's rather entertaining, that I can make you go wherever I want. All the way to Italy, just because I said so.”
“I think we both know the answer to that, John.” His voice wanted badly to have a smile in it, but he kept his face neutral, unsure what John's reaction would be.
Sherlock pulled the bomb off, nearly jerking John's shoulder to a painful angle in the process. He hurled it across the room, the dead sounding smack of it as it hit the wall unsettling and final. John wondered if he was even thinking about Moriarty's odd remark about John being connected to lost art, or if he was so consumed in the moment that he couldn't even begin to think about what it meant. John suspected the latter, and was grateful. That wasn't a conversation to have right now. Sherlock was near hyperventilating, unable to do anything except kneel there in front of John while the warm breeze pulled at the curtains around the French doors. Sherlock had a hand wrapped around John's wrist, the points of his fingertips nearly digging into John's skin.
Sherlock settled into his old chair, still acting like a house guest. John hadn't even moved the chair an inch. He had considered sitting in it himself now and then, but it felt like a violation, like kicking someone's tombstone. Besides, it suited Sherlock better anyway. All John could do was to take his usual seat as well.
“All poets are guilty of creating truisms out of context, just like astronomers will always be guilty of colorizing events that in space have no significant color. It's all flair for the general public,” she said.
The man reached inside his pockets, pulling from each a handful of berries. “Take your pick, Mr. Holmes.”
“It doesn't matter what you see, or don't see, in my work.” Sherlock paced, feeling a bit more crazed than he would have liked.
“I'm sure she'll be ecstatic. And would you kindly tell her to quit asking about the entirely unnecessary upstairs bedroom?”
“A man I'd far rather talk to than you,” John said, and without another word grabbed his book and his bottle, and walked away.
My desire to not reveal myself is what eventually caused me to make an idiotic decision of epic proportions.
“I didn't plan for this. I didn't think anything like this would happen and I have no idea what to do from here, I never planned this far and –”
So he would not be another Sebastian. At least I could take comfort in that, even if I had not explicitly committed myself one way or the other.
“No. And I'm no professor or anything, but it always sounded to me more like someone trying to convince
He wasn't even sure that Sherlock believed that there wasn't more to his story. Surely he had suspicions. But for whatever reason, he had decided that nothing in John's past was interesting enough to interfere with the present. And for that alone, he was grateful.
“Enjoying the delicacies, you two?” Sherlock rolled his eyes. John tried to smile. Mycroft took a seat on a plush sofa beneath the window.
Sherlock tried to wrap his mind around why the writer had been so preoccupied with the Genie case; it wasn't as if there weren't thousands of interesting medical marvels that a doctor could latch on to. He flipped through the pages, catching a few words here and there, unsure what he was actually looking for. And then he turned to the dedication page.
“I know. I saw her in the sky last night. But it isn't as if she is the first person to die here, John.”
Late into the night – when had it truly become the middle of the night? – an exhausted looking man walked out into the waiting room, blood on his scrubs and a mask hanging around his neck. He scanned the waiting room, the handful of people waiting like John and Lestrade, and when his eyes fell on them, he walked up to them.
I met Molly Hooper three years before I met John. Even then, she was well-meaning, if not slightly romantically deluded. I had already been working with Lestrade for some time at that point, and one morning I went with him to the lab at Bart's to look over one of his more recent and interesting murder victims. She had just started working in the morgue and wore on her face the usual new-job trepidation.
John didn't even knock on the door. He let himself in before he lost his nerve, his free hand gripped tightly around his walking stick. Harry had called it a cane and he'd snapped at her, even though she was right. It had just gotten so hard to walk without help since he'd come home.
When I woke up the first time, I did so in the snow, wearing clothes not meant for freezing weather, and Mycroft was standing over me, showing more emotion than I had ever seen on his face before. He was with paramedics.
John didn't say anything else. They were always okay with comfortable silence. He was the only person who had never seemed to feel the need to fill every waking second with words. Right then, Sherlock was incredibly grateful for that.
“Honestly, I thought I would be lucky if you let me speak to you at all and let me get some of my things before throwing me to the street.”
Sherlock stared at John. “Leaving, going off into the woods together, it gives us a better chance at beating anyone that comes along, two against one and all that. But what about after they're all gone?”
“Look, if you don't want to deal with Barnes and Noble or Waterstones I understand, but the local shops? You're a big draw for them. If anything, think of it this way: you're putting food on the booksellers' tables.”
Watson's eyes scanned around the room, finally landing on him. His shoulders were already more tense, a soldier used to attacks slipping into old habits.
And even though he was looking away when it happened, he could feel the second John finally looked up from the book, staring at him in silence. Sherlock let his line of sight dart around even though John's never faltered. He wasn't invisible here this time, no. He was transparent.
Worst case scenario, the stars were always phenomenal from those fields. Worst case scenario, this exit strategy could at least act as a pause button for life, so he could have a few days to decide what to do about
a wonder that he wasn't a poet. He had been one, once. And the worst of it was that that was still the primary facet of his identity. If anyone asked what he did, he always wanted to answer automatically with, “I'm a writer.” But was he, really, if he produced so little over such a long period of time? That thought had haunted him for months now, creeping into the back of his mind when his guard was down. At what point did one cease to be something they have always been? And how did one ever get back to that person again? In the interim, he felt like he hardly existed. He imagined it was how soldiers felt when they came home. To them, they were always soldiers. Now they were civilians. And what the hell were they supposed to do with such a change?
“I'm busy, Mycroft. I thought the barricade at the door would have alerted you to this, along with the fact that I didn't answer any of your calls.”
John stopped and furrowed his brow, confused. "Yeah, Sherlock, that's how it works...Oh, you've got that look again. I don't know what you're thinking, but whatever it is, don't do it. Like, you can't go by the morgue and ask Molly for body parts. She wouldn't be obligated to give them to you."
“Happiest thing from your teenage years?” John set his glass down on the table, leaning his head against his hand.
When the last of the light had gone, the music played, and the sky was overtaken. One face graced the sky, and John could only be grateful that Molly's picture was shown the night before. He could never have looked at it.
John looked around the little greenhouse, and amid the chaos, tucked back in a corner more for safekeeping than to hide it, was a single potted purple rose. It wasn't like the kind you could buy in stores at the last minute before a holiday. Its petals were far more open and full, more like something from a painting of a garden. It was almost perfectly symmetrical, its petals immaculate, and it gave off the lightest pleasing scent.
"Well, you aren't at Baker Street. My skull does not quite suffice. I needed to talk aloud, and I always talk to you. Since you are here, so am I. Simple."
By the time their plane landed in Dublin, John had lost track of the flight. He slipped into conversation with Sherlock so easily. It was one of the only times in recent memory where he hadn't had to at least somewhat censor his thoughts. Nothing would shock Sherlock Holmes.
He landed hard on the other side, falling, the rock colliding with his kneecap. He tried to stand, but the pain was still too fresh.
The driver's word of warning didn't keep John away for long. It was less than a week before his curiosity got the best of him.
He could hear the faint clinking of bottles in the next room. Harry, desperately searching for a drink that she wouldn't find. She'd gone without for two days now. While John didn't approve of her drinking, he would gladly have supplied her had he been able to, just to keep away the withdrawal symptoms. But there was no money to be spent on an addiction. He had to make sure they stayed alive, not inebriated.
“And you would be the authority of course. You've been out of your own home only a handful of times, and you've only left the Village once.”
Sherlock saw John standing to walk toward the desk before he had made it all the way down to Earth. By the time he was actually in the room, the gun was in his hand. He closed the distance and grabbed it.
In less than twenty-four hours all the major news networks went from singing Sherlock's praises to unearthing all sorts of “evidence” that he was, in fact, the person responsible for the threats and bombings. That Moriarty was a front, that this was all some grand scheme for fortune and glory. Everything, every innocuous detail of Sherlock's life was suddenly available to the public, and skewed in such a way that their lies didn't sound all that farfetched.
Baker Street truly became Baker Street again when Sherlock came home, haggard as he was, still exhausted and a long way from feeling one hundred percent. But their rooms seemed to breathe a little more life into him, brought more color to his face. Maybe things just always looked more harsh and painful under hospital fluorescence.
London breathed again as suddenly as it had halted, and Sherlock stood on the pavement outside his flat as it did, the city filling once more with noise and life. He looked at it in horror, as if London were a sleeping animal that could awaken and devour him without a moment's notice.
Once he was standing in front of the closet, though, he couldn't think of anything else besides the painting tucked away in the suitcase in the back. He dragged the case out to the middle of the room and flipped it open, teasing away the wrappings surrounding it and gingerly lifting the painting out to set it on the bed. He stood over it, hands in his pockets, looking over the brushstrokes wondering how something so small and subdued could cause so much trouble. It had been a burden of sorts from day one, initially being this massive secret he had to bear on his own, and then it had nearly cost him the love of his life.
can meet your rescue quota. Will I be stuck with this one till they die? Or is this a temporary situation?”
The night the exhibition opened was a flurry of formal clothes and expensive drinks, absurdly rich people from all countries and walks of life. And the security detail was so extensive that it seemed superfluous for the two of them to even be there. They clearly had it under control.
!” He had reached hysteria without meaning to, his words blending together as he spoke faster. Sherlock only stood across the room from him for the longest time, but when his ranting became broken and nearly incomprehensible, he stepped forward and grabbed John by his shoulders.
A slight twitch of the corner of Sherlock mouth as he picked up on the figurative speech. "You won't be needing your second set of eyes, then, of course."
He heard John's footsteps on the stairs, and didn't even wait for him to sit down before spitting out, "Who on earth keeps interrupting me? Has Mycroft hired out an army for that sole purpose?"
“No, I think he ran off too.” John tried to sit up properly, to stretch out the tense muscles and joints. There were makeshift bandages on his arms and in some spots on his hands, made from pieces of cloth. He held out one arm, surveying the first aid work.
SH: If that comparison suits you. But the author of anything, well, it doesn't really matter what they're like.
Instead he quietly opened the front door and stepped out onto the porch, pulling out a cigarette and lighting it. He had spent many nights here doing just this, silently walking around the porch, around the entire building, late at night, just to feel alone in a way that did not hurt. The sheep were baying in the distance, the sound of occasional insects in the fields creeping into this little outpost of civilization. He knew that if he strayed from the porch far enough that the night sky would open up above him like the world's most endless book. But tonight it felt safer under the porch lights, safer sitting on the wooden benches and walking on concrete.
“Do you mind me asking, but what did Mary have to say about this? Or did the two of you split before then?”
"I figured you'd take it as an opportunity to dress as a pirate," John said as he walked to the kitchen for a cup of tea. He smirked to himself.
“Oh Christ, this is your breakup speech isn't it?” Fingers at her temple again, her old tell, frustrated. “Hurry it along then. We're just not meant for each other, I need some space, whatever cliched reason it is? Speed it up.”
"Eventually, Sherlock would have to find a way to leave him, to let himself be struck down by whatever the Capitol had waiting in the woods.  John had to go home.  Couldn't he see that?"
Sherlock sat alone in Baker Street one evening at his laptop when a Skype notification came to life on his screen. He tapped a key to answer and sat back in his chair to take a drink of his tea.
He had never been forced into a car, not like this. In the past, Mycroft's kidnappings had always had a certain amount of show to them, like a father who wrestled with a child and kept his grip deliberately lose so the child could break away if he wanted to. But this, this was force. As the door opened, it flashed a reflection of the obelisk before opening up the chasm of the car's interior.
Smaller pieces of shrapnel would hit him, leaving small cuts on his hands and face. In shielding his eyes, he didn't see the mine closest to him, and when it burst, he felt the metal shards slice into his shoulder, a hot screaming pain ripping through him. He could feel the first warmth of blood on his skin. But he kept running.
John cut him off, doing what he wished he'd done that morning, kissing him and forgetting everything else.
Sherlock was struck dumb for a moment before finally getting out, “You – you do realize what I said? Do you realize what
It took all his power to view Sherlock as a patient, as a soldier in a mobile army hospital, instead of the reality: a good man bleeding to death in his own home. The blood had soaked John's hands and clothes, and his heartbeat pounded in his ears.
People like to think that they will grow out of these childish practices, that one day they will find a gesture that represents genuine love.
“I couldn't hate him. He was in so much pain for something that was ultimately an accidental tragedy. You were with him overseas. I doubt people hate you for the people you've killed. Or any other soldier for that matter. Everyone's okay with hating people for random tragedies even though we've sent thousands of people to war to kill.”
John cast a glance toward the man as Mike led him into the lab. He seemed familiar from somewhere. John remembered very little of the conversation that followed, because when the man looked up at him, John instantly recognized the face, and so spent the next few minutes trying to not give himself away. This wasn't just any man. This was
“I've already called Mycroft.” John must have looked concerned because Sherlock glanced at him and immediately added, “No, no, no, don't worry, the police aren't going to get involved.”
Sherlock looked around at the other chariots, ignoring the entirety of Moran's speech. He found Moran unsettling. Everyone did. But even more unsettling was the dark haired man from District 1. He was grinning manically, his tilted crown catching the light. He shot Sherlock a look and laughed to himself. Sherlock felt the lurch of the chariot beneath him and forced himself back to the present.
“Sherlock, I don't need anything, look at me.” He took a few steps toward him. Sherlock backed up against the kitchen counter, braced for flight. “I'm okay. See?”
John had heard the cannon in the night. It had jostled him out of a doze, making his heart hammer in his chest for a few seconds. He only prayed it wasn't Sherlock.
“Yeah, you don't get sent to prison. No one acts like there's something wrong with you. I mean, Harry and Clara were married.”
"Because it's nice, Sherlock. It makes the children happy. Mrs. Hudson and I, unlike you, enjoy seeing happy children."
Sherlock navigated conversation with her so easily, more easily than John did, if he was being honest. He couldn't imagine the acts Sherlock had had to play over the years, but it had paid off, especially since he seemed about as eager to start that conversation as John. The very thought of having that big emotional stand with Mary while all three of them were in the same room was unbearable and exhausting.
“Then you can monitor me. Besides, I'm the doctor, not you. You couldn't even manage to take out your own stitches.” Sherlock bristled at the remark, and John smiled, happy to have distracted him for a moment.
Sherlock was barely awake, but still periodically he would hum bits and pieces of the same song, the sound fading in and out as he got drowsier.
“Yeah. Owe it to you, though. I really do believe he wouldn't have made it otherwise, since you were the only person on earth who didn't think he was a monster.”
“What do you mean?” Sherlock fought against the heavy feeling of mortification growing in his stomach.
“Are they true to their name? Do they try and steal things, I mean? I haven't had much experience with them.”
Irene turned to John. “Just act like you normally would. Smile, wave, talk to people. Play the game.”
When he caught up with her at the end of the hall, planning on introducing himself, she turned to him and said, “Hello.” And as soon as she spoke, he recognized her and came to a dead stop.
Just as he was thinking it, the man looked up and saw him watching. John watched the recognition come across Sherlock's face, a split second of interest before the other man spoke, drawing what looked like a scathing remark from Sherlock. John grinned, glancing down at the tablecloth.
John picked up the paper from the top of Sherlock's dresser and, without so much as reading the little column, threw it into the fireplace.
The sheets on the bed were so crisp and perfectly white, and the curtains catching in the breeze so diaphanous that the night should never have been allowed to end even if only out of the merit of its own perfection. They could feel the heat on every inch of skin, and instead of inspiring in them a devoted desperation, it created a lazy softened night. Drunk on a lack of sleep and love, the feeling of sedation everyone gets when they finally collapse in bed after staying up too late and traveling too far. John had only minimal experience with road trips in his life, and somehow the English countryside had never felt dramatic or interesting enough to conjure up that feeling of anticipation and contented exhaustion, never enough to make that ache in his muscles feel good instead of tiring. But the Roman sun and all the warmth it left behind when it gave way to a city of antiquity and light was more than enough to make every movement, every second of drifting in and out of sleep and trailing fingers along Sherlock's skin, worth more than any trip he'd ever taken before, and ever would after.
It had taken three days before he even realized Mrs. Hudson had left Baker Street for her holiday. While she claimed to not be his housekeeper, Sherlock could usually count on her to make sure he ate and to keep the kitchen stocked. But when he had called for tea that morning, he discovered that she was gone. He was convinced the day was doomed when he saw that she had not, in fact, stocked the kitchen before leaving. And he couldn't very well have his tea without milk, so after much grumbling, he set off down the street to remedy his unfortunate circumstances.
Had he not been relying on his hearing, he might not have caught it. If he'd been distracted by facial expressions and body language, the remark could have come off sounding flat. But there was a sad edge to the sentence. It was almost uncharacteristic. Sherlock was never sincere when he said things like that. It was always part of the punchline. But John thought back to the pool. He remembered the look on Sherlock's face when, for a split second, he thought John was the culprit. He remembered how quick he was to give away missile plans on the off chance that it would help him. He remembered how the first thing Sherlock had done after Moriarty left was to tear the explosives off of him. And he remembered how, before blowing the entire building up, he'd looked to him for confirmation that it was okay. Maybe his remark was serious, as much as the detective would despise admitting it.
“Since when do you answer your phone?” Professor Cairns asked from her podium to Sherlock's left. “I've watched you ignore calls from your parents, your brother, several literary agents. Did you make a New Year's resolution that you didn't tell me about?”
“Yoo-hoo.” John stopped when he heard Mrs. Hudson's voice in the doorway. He could feel his face flush.
“Trust me, I'd go through even more for you.” He was beautiful, even pale and tired with dark circles under his eyes and a hundred different IV lines running into his arms.
“At least in my time I would have my violin to fall back on. But all you ever played was the clarinet.”
“The world is filled with more important things to worry about.” He turned back to the television, grudgingly taking a few bites of his food as Audrey Hepburn descended a staircase in an evening gown. “Thank God balls went out of style too. So much tedious social chatter. I can't imagine what people ever saw in them. Ghastly affairs.”
John felt Molly undoing some of the tape around the edges of the gauze. Some of the bandages across his forehead were held in place by her fingers. But at last, Molly was able to tease away the gauze over his eyes. John opened them, squinting in the harsh fluorescent light from the panels in the ceiling. For a good few seconds, everything was so blurry that John thought back to med school when they studied cataracts, and he hoped his vision wouldn't be trapped like this forever. But the longer he kept his eyes open, the more his vision cleared. Molly grinned at him as he breathed a sigh of relief. Sherlock was standing at the foot of the bed, stopped mid-pace, not seeming to know what to do with his hands. John was able to catch the look of pure worry on his face before he covered it. Molly pulled out her penlight to check his pupils and did some quick tests to see if there had been any damage from the explosion. Sherlock continued to pace sulkily while she did.
When his phone was returned to him, John met The Man's eyes for a split second. The Man looked surprised to see him, like he was a friend who had shown up after years of being away. But he quickly corrected himself when a woman came in with coffee. John could feel his nerves going haywire inside of him. Had he imagined the look? Was he reading into things that weren't there?
Her brow furrowed. “They didn't die from any fog. It looked like they were killed. I thought they turned on each other.”
Early the next morning, Sherlock was sitting in a chair he'd pulled up next to John's bed. He didn't feel the need to keep himself secluded in the far corner of the room anymore. He'd moved his makeshift office, and found its new location to be preferable to the old one.
The house's furniture had been left as well, and it sat in place, in ruin, all the fabrics torn and molded, all the wood threatening to snap at any second. Sherlock craned his neck, looking up through the hole in the roof. It left a spotlight in front of the fireplace. It wouldn't be long before there was nothing left of the house at all.
He had a paperback copy of the book in his coat pocket even then, and flipped through it absently in the cab home. It was more convenient than lugging around the hardback, but he hated the front cover of this copy. It was of an empty room with beige walls. Even looking at it made him feel claustrophobic.
Mary felt immediately wrong here. Baker Street should have been untouched by her outside influence, and the way she ran her eyes over the walls and staircase, like an appraiser before a demolition order. The look on her face made John want to shove her back out the door.
John had never felt safe in this kind of silence. It always preceded explosions and gunfire. But even as the silence stretched on, Mary didn't move to throw things at him, and she didn't sling terrible words at him like his parents had done to his sister when they were teenagers. The longer he waited for the first blow, the more he realized that it was never coming.
Sherlock unfolded himself from his chair and knelt in front of John's. John set his tea down on the side table and eyed the detective with some suspicion. But he trusted Sherlock, so he didn't move.
There were times that he zoned out completely while an audience member was talking, and he had to ask them to repeat the question. He could see Ella off to the side watching him like he had lost his mind, and John knew that there would be another conversation about his mental well being within the coming weeks. But he couldn't make himself care. Instead he kept trying to stealthily keep an eye on his phone sitting on the podium in front of him. At one point, it buzzed, and in between questions, he quickly pulled up the message. There, underneath the sonnet, it said, “It's Neruda, by the way.”
It was called “So That You Will Hear Me.” It wasn't one of the more popular Neruda poems, but he had always felt oddly drawn to it, and so it made this bookstore corner feel like a confessional.
“No, I suppose not.” The drinks had begun to kick in, and for the first time in hours, John didn't feel ready to burst. The living room was quiet and felt insulated from the outside world. And Sholto had been unexpectedly talkative, and of all things, had clearly considered these same questions many times before. “Did you ever find anyone like that?”
A hand grabbed his arm and pulled him back. “No.” John squeezed his arm. “No, don't you even fucking think about it. If one of us dies, the blood can be on their hands.” Sherlock felt him loosen his grip slightly, realizing how tight a hold he had had on him. He asked in a softer voice, “We have never been enemies, Sherlock. And we're not going to have them turn us into that. Do you understand me?” Sherlock nodded.
John fell silent, his hand falling back to the railing, fingers tapping the stone. “Thank you for coming.”
Mary shrugged as set went about putting plates back in the cabinets. “I was thinking somewhere warmer. I miss that Mediterranean climate, you know? Athens, maybe Rome. Someplace like that. Has to beat this English rain.”
The silence sat over them for a moment, heavy and warm from all the ovens back in the kitchen, the sharp contrast to the cold panes of glass. John continued to calmly work his way through his food, pausing to drink. John was more of a liquor person than a wine person at heart, and it showed in the way he knocked back half a glass like he would a shot of whiskey. But he knew Sherlock was a wine drinker and had recently adjusted his own drink orders accordingly. They were almost needing another bottle.
“Lestrade also reports that Holmes is recovering well after many hours of surgery the night of the incident, and that he is scheduled to be discharged home next week. John Watson has passed along his thanks to the public for all their prayers and well-wishes.”
John hesitated. He didn't want to say what Sherlock had told him to. He knew it was all lies told in his friend's last moments alive, but it would sound bad in light of the Richard Brook stories in the papers. "He said to tell anyone who would listen that he was a fraud." John's voice was barely above a whisper. Lestrade failed to hide his shock. John stared hard at him. "It's not true!"
The man at his feet was a terrible person. The flat he lived in was full of weapons. Sherlock could take any of the guns and shoot him. But finally, he decided against it and bound him instead. Although he did allow himself one swift kick to the man's face before phoning Lestrade to come take him into custody.
The reprieve wasn't as long this time. John had reached that stage where he was never asleep long, but in and out. It was the middle of the night. Sherlock knew he was awake long before he finally spoke.
In the quiet that followed the disappearance of her clicking steps, John suddenly felt very out of place, like a child who had been caught in his parents' room when he wasn't supposed to go there. He began wondering if he had made the right decision in coming to meet the Holmes brothers, or if he should have just left them to their reputation as the locals did.
But Sherlock replied far faster than John had anticipated, which resulted in John reading the alternative sonnet immediately before he heard himself being introduced, and the soft respectful bookstore applause.
John felt like he could see the entire world from this hotel room, and really, between Rome and Sherlock Holmes, how much more of the world could one really need?
Molly held up her hands in surrender, but all through the morning, even though she was working quietly on her own, Sherlock could almost feel all the things she was resisting saying.
Sherlock picked at the edges of the gown the prep team had left him in. After navigating the mobs of Capitol imbeciles, he and John had been ushered away to their respective teams for what they called a “full work up.” Blessedly, it didn't take much. Sherlock had always been fastidious, even under the constant cloud of dust that seemed to blanket District 12. But now he was getting bored and jittery. He'd been sitting alone in this room for what felt like hours, wishing this stylist would hurry up already. Sherlock had seen Mycroft earlier that day, and he had seemed excited about the stylist, saying he'd had some say in who it was and that he was quite pleased with her. This made Sherlock instantly suspicious. Mycroft had a very specific type of person he liked, and it almost always clashed with the type that appealed to Sherlock.
Equally puzzling to John was the condition of the book. For a man who seemed so prim and put together, he had certainly picked a book that was nearly falling apart. His clothes had been expensive, so it wasn't as if cost was a factor. Why did the weathered hardback mean anything to Holmes at all?
“Irrelevant. Besides, you need all the help you can get, from what Lestrade tells me.” The DI gave a slow nod and a tense smile,
Sherlock knew things. Unlike anyone else, he had made peace with the fact that Sherlock simply did know all about him. Things that had bothered hundreds of people about Sherlock didn't affect John in the slightest. Sherlock wondered if that was because he'd seen so many shocking things overseas, or if he was just naturally unflappable.
He finally saw Sherlock sitting in a chair across the room, watching John with quiet but marked fascination. He only looked away when the announcer began reading the scores.
“I'll have to return next week, if my colleague's calculations are correct. There are only certain times the opportunity is available. I return to my time the same way I found my way into yours.”
I stayed outside smoking for quite some time. I stared down at the little cuts his nails had made on my arm, the dark splotchy bruises.
Sherlock stood from the table, laptop under his arm. “As ever John, you see but you do not observe.” At least
Sherlock could see the instant John began to consider the implications, the slightest change in his eyes, only inches from Sherlock's. His hand was still on Sherlock's face as he ran through the realizations that Sherlock had thought of hours ago.
I understood that I was not the only one laid bare then. The person who had always been my shield was, in that moment, more unprotected than perhaps I had ever been. How many pieces of armour had he covered himself with over the years, when I was too hidden by my own to notice?
Sherlock explained the history behind the Pantheon as they walked inside it. And though it was all monochrome and severe on the outside, on the inside it was positively divine. Sherlock talked about the feat of architecture, the sheer manipulation of the laws of physics required to create such a thing, especially given how many centuries it had survived intact. And underneath all the concrete, the most exquisite marble floor stretching out in every direction, making the footsteps of all the tourists echo. He pointed at the oculus above them, the circle in the dome letting in the light, fading that it was. There had been predictions of rain for that afternoon, and while they had avoided it thus far, the dimming light made John certain they wouldn't be able to evade it much longer. The beam of light would travel across the marble like a sundial until it was extinguished, whether by nighttime or by the impending storm. But the other people inside didn't seem to care. They were just as much in awe. Of course, Sherlock had an intellectual appreciation for it, and John had a pleasant mix of appreciation and romanticized notions of history living on in this place. There were some people who made these ruins their lives' work. There were others who likely thought it a dull entry in a tourist guidebook.
Sherlock drew his hand away from the rose quite suddenly, like he was afraid he had damaged it. He stared down at it, nearly oblivious to John's presence. For a while John thought he would ignore him as he usually did when faced with questions he didn't want to – or didn't know how to – answer. But he said, “As with everything else here, I discovered it through experimentation.” He stalked over to the counter by the flytraps, the sound of the gloves hitting the counter top loud in the small space.
Sholto shifted in his seat, tilting his head. “John, why did you leave your girlfriend to come out here?”
“The Capitol citizens may love you two, but they're not the ones in control, are they? That stunt of yours, John, it's made some people very angry.”
“How long before someone comes to get it because it still doesn't seem wise to have it hanging in the damn living room.”
” A pause, the result of knowing the context for certain poet's works. “A.E. Housman.” Sherlock knew far too much about Housman to be removed, and he hoped John didn't see the changes in his face upon hearing that line.
. Even Sherlock himself, who always had about him a Gothic sort of feeling, appeared as vibrant and timeless as the Monet.
The author known for his affable stoicism and dry sense of humor, now just a man letting his eyes linger on someone else's hands, eyes, lips.
When the clock finally ticked down, John walked away as steadily as he could, despite the pain shooting through his leg. Some days it was worse than others. Today was a bad day. He was tired, alone, and miserable. He'd talked to Harry recently, and she hadn't made him feel any better. She tended to darken his mood on the best of days.
about being put at risk, I would be perfectly all right with it. I've put myself at risk hundreds of times running around with you!” He felt his fist clench up instinctively, a habit of nerves, not of anger.
John wasn't sure how to respond. He badly wanted to see Sherlock's face, to try and find any hint of sincerity to confirm his tone of voice. But he knew better. Sherlock would never betray himself by his face. So John returned to a subject he knew Sherlock would be comfortable talking about. "So, what? You've just been hypothesizing about the cases out loud to me?"
Inside was a world of gleaming marble, shining in the light coming through the stained glass. Pale columns arched high above them, the ceiling forming little domes that looked sewn together by golden paint. It was the type of place that called for choruses of hallelujah, for choir voices echoing and words spoken in Latin. John forgot all about the Bernini for a while, lost in the scent of melting candle wax and the blue of the ceiling above him, placid as a summer sky. The domes were painted with a galaxy of gold stars, shining, purely ethereal. There were few people sharing this heaven with him, most of them silent, one tourist now and then reaching out a hand to point at the secret sky. John could hear his footsteps echo, a jarring but natural sound in such a place.
All the irritation drained from his face, and his expression softened considerably. I took one deliberate deep breath and went to curl up on the sofa so I would not have to look him in the eye.
Mycroft tried to hand him a second photograph, but John didn't acknowledge him. He just stared at the photo, barely believing that such a thing was possible. But there was no one else it could be.
The other writers – the ones who made their living monetizing human beings in magazine articles – had pestered him for a while when he was trying to make his exit from the public eye. They all wanted to know so much, when was the next collection coming out, what would it be about, who were his favorite authors, on and on and on, the same series of tedious questions. And then there came a point where he could no longer dodge these questions, could no longer put them off. When that time came, the questions became more serious. They all wanted to know why he hadn't put out more work, why he seemed to want to talk about anything
Sherlock followed John and his troops across camp as they made their way to their tents. John was cracking jokes with the men, but Sherlock could tell he was only using humor as a coping mechanism.
“Why risk me choosing the right ones, and you having to kill yourself? Why leave your life up to chance?”
By the time he came to the end of his little speech, my eyes had closed of their own accord and I was thrusting into his hand, unsure whether my loss of control had to do with the fantasy itself or the idea of Holmes pleasuring himself to it.
“You are not the first person to intimate that sticking my nose in other people's business is hardly a fitting career for a gentleman such as myself. London is full of inspectors and private detectives, but my methods are very different from theirs and I ask that you trust me when I say that there are few men I despite more thoroughly than blackmailers. When the police can make no headway on a case they sometimes come to me, and I endeavour, through my extensive knowledge of the history of crime, to help put them on the right track. At other times I have private clients – the ones for whom you have been so gracious as to vacate our living quarters these past few weeks – who come to me in search of insight or advice. I have a strange sort of intuition when it comes to the strangest misdeeds and the basest actions of my fellow man. No doubt it is down to the flaws in my own character.”
I confess I was at a loss as to how he had known about my lack of employment, but I supposed that given my need of shared lodgings it was not too difficult a conclusion to draw. I found myself reluctant to answer him, nonetheless. The truth was that I did not believe I would ever be in a frame of mind to practice medicine again, but I little wished to reveal so much of myself to the man beside me – at least not on such early acquaintance.
Accustomed as I was to Holmes’ love of drama, I smiled to myself as I awaited his next move, certain that he would startle and amaze Phelps with his deductions and impatient to witness my old friend’s surprise at his powers of insight.
“What did Holmes say?” I queried, increasingly worried that Phelps had suffered a relapse of his fever and accompanying loss of his mental faculties.
“Then by all means let us ask Annie to remain behind,” I said, as he began to rise carefully from the sofa. “I confess Holmes’ methods are not always clear to me but I assure you that he does nothing without reason.”
“I have not yet decided,” I said eventually, noting as I did so that my answer was as evasive as the one he had given me.
The fourth time John doesn’t say it. He doesn’t say much of anything. He’s too busy trying to staunch Sherlock’s blood with his jacket.
“Admit it,” he murmured, as he reached forward and at last enveloped my aching cock in his sure grip. Lost in the feel of his hand working me in perfect time with the insistent thrust of his cock inside me, I did not reply. As my climax approached, his grip tightened almost imperceptibly around my throat, stoking the flames of my lust still higher. Utterly at his mercy, wishing that the moment might last forever, I made one final effort to fight back against his implacable will.
I could not tell if he was referring to my assessment of Phelps’ intentions or to the solution to the puzzle and for a few moments I hovered awkwardly, half-words forming on my lips only to die away as I discarded them one by one. Once it became clear he had no more to say on the matter, I made ready for the journey in silence, fastening my frock coat with clumsy fingers. I bid him goodbye as I left the flat, but if he made any reply, I did not hear it.
“I am angry with myself for behaving in a manner that caused you to keep from me the one thing that I most wished to hear.”
He did not invite me to join him. So abruptly dismissed, I took myself upstairs, where I began to pace my room from end to end, until, realising that I was behaving like a caged animal, I forced myself to delve into a very dense treatise on pathology, which for a time drowned out my thoughts.
“Comfortable though the rug doubtless is, I was hoping you would accompany into my bedroom,” he said. “I am not finished with you yet.”
Alone in the cold cellar, lit only with the muted glow of a dark lantern, we sat across from one another on a couple of wooden crates, which, Holmes informed me, held a life-changing fortune in French gold. I set my revolver close at hand and Holmes laid his hunting crop across his knees, as though ready to spring into action at any moment, though I could not imagine what threat he expected to encounter in the damp, heavily fortified cellar. When he bade me put the screen over the lamp, I obliged with a frisson of regret, not because I feared to sit in the dark, but because I had determined to speak with him at last and I very much desired to see his face.
“You are a loyal creature, Watson,” he said. “It is an admirable quality in many ways, or so I have always been told, but in this case I am afraid your lingering affection for the fellow may prove sadly misplaced.”
Our encounters often began in the sitting room and ended in Holmes’ bed, if not on the sofa or the rug or, on one memorable occasion, atop the dining table, but I never allowed myself to fall asleep beside him after that first night. I knew that my inevitable nightmares would reveal the true state of my damaged mind to Holmes, the last person alive to whom I wished to display my weakness. The fact that he never invited me to remain made clear to me that in any case he preferred to sleep alone. I would retreat to my own bedroom, still dazed from my release, the sound of his voice echoing in my head, and inhale the scent of his skin on my hands as I drifted off to sleep. The nightmares still haunted me, but less than before, and on the occasions when Holmes had emptied my mind of all but him for a few fleeting hours, I often found that I was able to sleep more deeply and for longer than on other nights.
“He always was a delicate fellow,” I noted absently, thinking of his wan face and the signs of strain on his features and wondering if my own face had looked thus in the weeks after my fever.
“She is an enigma,” he replied dreamily, as though to himself. “I was able to learn something of her from a crowd of ostlers, who believed me to be a groom. What they told me of her habits was intriguing enough that I doffed my disguise and was able to arrange to speak to her myself as she prepared to drive out, by contriving to ask her for directions. She is gently spoken and yet I sense that she has an iron will. She will make an uncommonly interesting opponent. From the little I have seen of her, she is a woman of remarkable poise and intelligence.”
“I don't believe those exact words ever crossed my lips, doctor. And even if they had, surely you are a man of enough experience to know that words uttered during an interlude of that nature are not to be taken too seriously?. Even the cheapest dollymop learns how to say that she wants it and sound like she means it, if she wants her client to finish quickly and pay up in full.”
His approval of my willingness to shoot a revolver in his defence, and mine at his clinical ability to wield his hunting crop, used in so many inventive ways to devastating effect, marked a new kind of passion for me. Even Holmes’ lack of empathy, though it hurt me at times, only drew me to him more powerfully. The fact that he never spoke of his feelings towards me only made more precious the power I wielded over him when his cock was hard and his eyes black with wanting me. I cherished each moan and gasp of passion, each frantic kiss, each silent climax and whispered exhalation of my name, secreting them away to dwell on when I was alone. As for his given name, I never allowed myself to say it. Were it to pass my lips, I knew he would hear everything I felt for him and I feared, were that to happen, that I should never have an opportunity to kiss him again.
He gets to his feet, wincing at the stab of pain behind his eyes, washes his mouth out thoroughly, examining the strange grey hue of his skin in the mirror, and staggers down the hallway. John has his back to the door. He is staring down at the two mugs in front of him. The smoke has dissipated – luckily the window had been open when Sherlock conducted the experiment – but there is a strange heavy smell in the air, metallic and alien. The remains of the poison are still on the table, soggy and black in a small puddle of cold tea.
Miss Adler did not respond immediately. Her confidence and self-possession reminded me unsettlingly of the man sitting beside me, but whereas in him I found the qualities compelling, in her I found them unaccountably repellent. Her eyes were wandering curiously around the room and when she saw Holmes' violin, lying on his desk where he must have placed it before retiring, she got to her feet and floated towards it. Running one finger delicately across the bridge, she turned to Holmes.
“You need have no fear on that score,” I said, my voice clipped and, I prided myself, as emotionless as Holmes' own. “I see no reason why anything need change between us. I have not forgotten that you were under the effects of a powerful narcotic when matters escalated –”
By the time Sherlock’s thoughts starts up again, to his immense relief, flowing along at their usual speed, John is sliding between the sheets. He turns his back on Sherlock and yanks the duvet up, tucking it around his hunched shoulders.
