“I’ll…” his eyes were averted again, blue irises darting from one point of the shoddy flat to another as if he were afraid of seeing something he didn’t want to,
"Everyone should get out." male voice, male voice but not as loud and furious and hoarse as his father, not as accusing, not as threatening as his father.
Twice now, he'd seen his soldier go downstairs to pick up the letter that would undoubtedly be sitting on the mat, first thing in the morning, so no one else would take it. He had entertained the thought of taking it for himself, yet Mycroft's words stilled him. His brother was (smart-
It was like Sherlock to want to bundle the doctor up and lock him up where no one could hurt him. John Watson, against all odds, looked at his brother and saw something worth loving. And if John Watson, who saw good in most everyone, who hid away his urge to break bones as if it were something to be ashamed of, who was always so careful with his words, always careful with his actions, as if one wrong move would turn him into his father… if John Watson saw something worth loving in Sherlock Holmes, then clearly, there was something worth loving in Sherlock Holmes.
His eyes dart towards the rose lined tea set sitting at the edge of the coffee table. The tray is an old navy green, its personality written in faint white scratches.
"Dying turned you into a bloody sap." John rasps thickly at last, voice small between the two of them.
had arrived without so much as a call - not that he actually expected a call from Sherlock, or even a text... - barging in with his dark billowing coat from non-existent wind and quicksilver eyes, bored and demanding, like a visage in flashing black and white. Then, he'd had papers plastered over every inch of his flat like a man possessed, his frantic scrawling spelling his desperation and etching out his regret.
He hadn’t accounted for the childhood mindset that would move in, take over, the defense child had constructed a life time ago, to hide it, as if it were his own burden to carry, to never share because it had been beat into him that he would only ever bother anyone else.
William, in one of the rare moments in which he came earlier than the rest, poked his head through the staff room door, his shaggy dark hair shifting over his glittering blue eyes, “Good morning, Mary.” He greeted with an abundance of cheer, his lips already lifting in a bright grin as he lifted a mug in her direction. It was probably coffee.
His gasping breath was loud in his ears, a hand curling tightly over his heaving chest as he shoved his stifling covers off the bed with the other.
Pale green eyes followed him detachedly when he shuffled into his lounge, a hand scratching at the back of his head, and he faltered when he saw the storm that was coming.
that follows... it betrays him, that he would’ve swallowed them down if he could, even if Sherlock had not turned to speak.
He liked to think of himself as a patient man. He grew up with Sherlock Holmes, with a 4 year old one who wouldn't stop taking away his dinner and throwing it at the dog for no good reason except to watch him eat it so he couldn't, with a 14 year old who slammed doors wherever he went, with a 18 year old one who wouldn't stop slipping away, shooting up for no other reason than that he was
He jerked awake with a shout, small and terrified, drowned out by the sudden crash of thunder outside, his eyes wide and unseeing in the dimness of his room, the large hand reaching for him flashing in his mind's eye, recalling the overbearing odour of beer and vomit. He wanted to retch, just remembering, unable to keep himself from choking on his own breath.
“Sherlock,” John returned with a sigh, resignation coloring his voice even as he crossed his arms in an attempt to be more firm, staring down at Sherlock from across the room, “What are you doing here?”
He stared back at them silently, pale irises fixed somewhere between them. His arms were crossed over his chest, his fingers curled around his biceps. They seem to be twitching slightly. She wondered if he had that habit before he disappeared, if that was why he kept his hands in his coat - behind his back. She wondered at the scars she had seen across his bicep, at the way John had glanced away when he caught sight of them, looking both furious and sorry.
Mrs Hudson placed the tray of tea on coffee table, her voice probing and questioning as she picked her way through the utter warzone that was the living room.
John shrugged wordlessly, turning around to flick the bathroom lights off. "I'm not hungry." he said for the second day in a row, voice lightly casual in the way that meant it wasn't at all. And she knew
He dug the heels of his palms into his eyes, pressing against them with an irritated hiss, part hysteria, sounding a bit desperate to his ears, and a small noise that had his ears warming in mortification, had him clenching his eyes shut as overwhelming frustration welled up in him;
So when he'd been late, with barely a cup of his morning tea in his belly, he simply picked it up and gave it a cursorary glance, stuffing it in his pocket before he ran out the door.
"Get out." he ordered coolly, at the group of men and women who hovered over the entrance of John's small office, who watched him warily.
yanking his arm back with enough force to dislocate it when the uncoordinated imbecile stumbled forward.
How weak he really was, to run at a couple insults thrown his way instead of breezing through them like he should. Sherlock had always thought him a soldier, to fight, to stand his ground and what would he think now that he saw how useless he really was? He could barely keep up at crime scenes, with Sherlock rattling off deductions a mile a minute. He was going to leave again, wasn't it? Just like he had the first time, except he hoped Sherlock wouldn’t try to jump off another roof-
his mother had crooned, when the summers had not yet brought the sweltering heat of the 21st century, her hands pressing against the unruly curls of his hair. She had always warned him of his temper, but surely- surely she would understand, if stood in his place.
He switched his mobile off, slipping it back into his pocket as his feet brought him to the front door of an appallingly ordinary house, with white-washed fence and a blue door.
, and it was very, very easy to have them call every single supporter they had and schedule a meeting. Today. As soon as possible.
The baroque clock on their mantle ticks away with vexing glee. He itches to drag his phone from his pocket.
Her phone made a loud beep, the sound earth-shattering in the silence of her room, and Harriet didn’t want to see what it said.
Tomorrow, tomorrow would be different. He'd wake up refreshed and ready to face people again. He wouldn't shy away from his colleagues, from his patients, from any human contact to ease his throbbing head, a slow pounding that made him ask for a short reprieve through the intercom, and of course, Nadia had agreed, told him Mary would take over his patients, pretending she didn't hear how his voice shook and cracked.
He barely kept himself from glaring, his frown from pursing into a vicious snarl, his fingers from curling into a fist, as they talked and cooed over him as if he were a child, how they giggled and laughed at the thought of John abusing him, how they were
"Thanks, Aaradhya." he managed to say in a steady voice, reaching out to pull the blasted thing from her hold, his throat dry and his heart beating rapidly against his chest. He shouldn't jump to conclusions though, he shouldn't assume anything unless he had all the facts. He took a deep breath, voice soft when he finally asked, "Who..?"
He threw the cheap envelope across the room, and he meant for it to hit the wall, meant for it to make a sound that would ease the hammering of his heart, but it slowed halfway, the force behind it disappearing as it drifted to the ground, and
“What’s happened?” she demanded, sucking in a sharp breath when cold wind hit her face. She tossed her ignition keys at Sherlock, half hoping it would smack him in the face before he caught it.
It was such a simple thing, a piece of paper; store-bought, cheap. It held so much weight in it, so much self-hatred, the words written with such fevor and without thought, as if all the man wanted to do was
“No,” he said in an awful, weak voice, for a moment petrified with the knowledge of Mycroft knowing, even though he shouldn’t be surprised with
“You can’t." he interrupted, sharp and abrupt, the words jagged in his throat, "Sherlock will know. He’ll know-”
His eyebrows furrowed and his forehead creased, however, when he shuffled past the kitchen, doubling back to peer at where Sherlock should be.
"Thank you, Mrs H," he said dutifully, seeing her warm smile stretch her cheeks, and regretted never having called her in Sherlock's absence, wondered how he had gone on without seeing her.
was one that their rag tag team of co-workers had come up with, that had saved most of them from breaking down in tears.
The pavement was clean, the street was empty of passerby's, the cool breeze of early mornings ruffling through his hair, uncombed and mussed with sleep.
There is a skittishness in John he's seen in dozen else, an animal cornered. He takes a soft breath, inhaling sharply as he gathers himself, gathers his composure, even if all he wants to do now is shatter bone,
“You do know, John," Mycroft started in a voice so uncharactaristically gentle and delicate, as if the wrong word would send him spiralling into another panic attack, and wasn't that just the funniest thing - Mycroft Holmes tip-toeing around him like he was a fucking time bomb- "That you need only ask for help." his all-knowing gaze was nowhere near him as Mycroft stared disinterestedly at one of the rose bushes that loitered the park, "Help
and pulled random accusations from the air to support his ignorance, to go so far as to accuse John - the best and wisest man he had
that they're not the 'bad ones'. Their actions speak for themselves, and though he hadn't been on the forum for more than a day, he already knew they were one to avoid.
Harriet pulled herself out of bed. Probably nothing, she reasoned, stumbling when she heard glass shatter, jerking back at the sight of the half empty bottle on the floor, having been swept off her bed. “It’s probably nothing.” she repeated to herself.
not guiltily – at the sound of John’s voice. The blond himself looking at him with tired, curious eyes, eager for something to distract him, clearly. Sherlock didn't think he would like what he had been checking on his mobile. John didn't like to be helpless, he had to remember that.
He supposed Harry knew now too, that he was the same pathetic little boy he used to be and he hadn’t moved on at all from where he
She started a bit at the sharpness of his tone, a startled noise leaving her throat, but at least her hands weren't anywhere near his stack of old newspapers, and instead were wiping on her green dress fretfully. She huffed at him, however, when she had recovered, disapproving eyes bearing down on his back like needles.
He blinked in bewilderment, his mouth opening like a gaping fish, "What?" he asked, narrowing his eyes.
“There are two of them.” Anderson said, his voice tightening as he stood up to reach for the paper that had slid slowly out of the printer, his posture rigid, defensive, guilty all over again, “There are the ones that openly hate Doctor Watson and aren’t afraid to speak it, and the ones that pretend they don’t and laughingly point out his flaws. They say they like him, but the way they tear into him...”
It was a small smile. A faint smile. It wasn't like the ones they shared after a chase, high on adrenaline and panting and laughing and drunk on joy. It wasn't like the ones they snuck each other when Mycroft or some other boring officials were berating them about something he cared not to remember.
He carefully brought out his mobile; what else was there to do? He needed more data. Setting John on fire was surely too much, even for his rabid fans. Would John glare at him for it? He had never done so before, but-
Tomorrow he'd say thank you instead of running off as soon as work hours were over. Tomorrow he'd find the energy to smile without wanting to cry.
confined in that compact frame brawling for the light at the end of the tunnel. The breath leaves his lungs. Cold, disbelieving ire twists the shadows of John’s face, the firm cut of his jaw, frustration cresting behind his eyes. “Sherlock,” John, the
Nadia looked up sharply at her curt words, her expression souring under her pale green hijab, dark brown eyes falling to her fingers, to where she held out the letter for perusal before tossing it onto the receptionist's table.
disaster, the phrases of premonition he had always turned his nose up at, it would be the utter stillness of John’s chest, the
Mycroft thought to himself, his eyes steady on the screen as he brought his glass of scotch to his pale lips. With three clicks of a button, he'd instructed two of his men to monitor John's blog, and decided that since he was a
"Okay." she replied, squeezing gently, shifting her gaze back to the screen, staring blankly at the muzzy faces of one of the runners, "Okay."
He has to pick them up, his hands trembling just so, so faint he missed it, and sometimes, just sometimes, he opens them in hopes of something different.
She opened her mouth to answer, but then the knocking started up again, and she closed it to sigh, a hand coming up to rub her temple, eyes clenching shut. "Your detective." she said wryly above the sound of knuckles against wood.
He picked up the paper beneath the patient's examination table, slipped it carefully into his coat pocket before following John out.
William exhaled slowly through his mouth, running a pale hand through his hair irately, "We can't just throw it away." he said with a small frown pulling at one side of his lips, "What do we tell him if it's not what we think it is? 'Sorry, John, we opened your mail because we thought you were being harrassed.' He'd never trust us again."
Sherlock was always unreachable, and now even more so, and every time he tried, there would be a barrier keeping him still, and Sherlock only went further and further away.
"You're looking nice today, Mrs Hudson." he said, trying his very best to return the sympathetic smile she offered, though it had felt painful in the end, and only made him duck his head down, unsure on how to meet her gaze, knowing and exasperated.
He glanced at the John beside him, pale eyes trailing down John's body quickly, remembering the slimness of his wrists, the thinness of his cheeks.
“Don’t need it.” she immediately shot back, already making her way towards the door. Coat be damned.
"Harry?" John's voice was slightly garbled where he spoke by the door of his room, as if he didn't want to be too far from the comfort of his bed in case it wasn't too late for him to jump back in if the knocking wasn't important, "Who's it?"
“It’s nothing.” John said immediately, fingers white around his mug of tea, head snapping to the side to glare at her. She glared back, straightening her spine. This was not nothing. Since when did John come running to her? Two pairs of stormy blue eyes went to Sherlock, who had pursed his lips tightly at John’s words, icy eyes sharp on her brother. “I was not harassed.” John enunciated.
The heat of the flat is stifling. Mrs. Hudson must’ve turned on the heater, which meant his changing of the lock had done nothing to deter her. Sherlock casts his eyes beyond the flat, to peer at the chilled windows, wavering water spots like flowers plastered to the glass. Speech is a distant, cloying thought, a chore he knows he must finish, but he stares at the curve of John’s shoulder, and silence grows thicker by the minute.
Sherlock, the sod, hadn’t moved at all, no matter that it was already evening and hours after John had left. He was on his mobile, a pleased curl of his lips that seemed a touch malicious. He did, however, looked up at her when she called him, and the dart of his eyes from her fingers to her face, the wrinkling of his nose, told her he knew, and he knew all of it. He probably knew all her restless, useless thoughts when she wallowed in bed too.
She would have been far more irritable. She had a drink before, that he knew. Maybe when John had fallen asleep; he could see her moving along the rooms of her apartment silently, white knuckled and guilty.
His Homeless Network had little to no trouble, and they all came back to him in less than 30 minutes. Record time, really. He wondered if he could get them to be this quick when on a case. They probably wouldn't bother if he or John were not in danger. They did not listen to him as diligently as he thought they should, but they liked John, almost as much as they liked him, and John didn't pay them. A lot of people liked John. Sometimes it made his fingers itch to keep from pulling them away from him.
He shoved the crumpled paper into his pocket, an unnatural angle it had taken poking into the soft flesh of his palm, and still he clenched his fists even tighter around it. Maybe it was the Spring breeze that shook his hands, that made him shiver.
They were bickering. He knew they would. He knew they would either hate each other or love each other, and he had vowed to put off their meeting for as long as possible, because finding out wouldn’t be worth it. He knew they were bickering but all he could focus on was that Sherlock
"N-no! I want to." Sherlock insisted, trying to force his stubborn body to just relax. He wanted this. He didn't know why he was so nervous. "I want to." He repeated firmly, catching John's hand and pressing it, decisively and insistently, against his groin. His cock had gone a bit soft from nerves, but he hoped the gesture conveyed his message.
“Perhaps you would like to discuss this somewhere more private?  You’re clearly a few steps behind in the logical process.”
Sherlock's eyes fluttered open, his cock jerking at John's words and he bit his lip. "Maybe? I…if you don't tease me while you do it."
The detective sighed and expounded some more, while his companions stood by. "She knew, or at the very least, knew of, the true criminal. She attempted to help him with the fake robbery here...the 'stolen' animals are probably in the bins outside. It's worth retrieving them to be sure. She was an amateur, the spider turned against her, stung her, she died. One less person to apprehend," he hummed.
"Oh, it's...it's fine." Molly replied weakly before glancing behind Sherlock. "Does John need some help?"
Not for the first time, John briefly entertained the idea that he was a sadist. In the moment, anger pumping hotly through his veins, he couldn't find it in him to care, but it was something John knew he'd worry about later.
Despite everything, Sherlock couldn't help but sneer at the appearance of a cheap plastic spork, obviously procured from KFC, that his tormentor was dabbing into the meaty mush, preparing to feed him.
John pressed his lips into a thin line, biting his bottom lip as he propped himself up further, rubbing shoulders with Sherlock against the headboard, as he reluctantly watched the new video.
She felt like an idiot for having made the fantasy...but luckily no one but herself would know about it. Maybe, after John and Sherlock settled down, she'd power up her laptop and scroll through her usual porn websites, get herself off to much safer material than what was going on next door.
Something was wrong. John could tell, the knowledge filtering through his brain and leaving his chest tight.
Squirming, Sherlock huffed, “What is?” He muttered, though it was clear that he knew exactly what it was, because he turned his head aside slowly, as if embarrassed and coy.
… I am going to fuck you till you go cry, die or go blind,” John threatened in a quiet, intense murmur, dark blue eyes dangerously bright.
"You're a fucking bastard, Sherlock." John hissed, eyes narrowed in anger. "Selfish and ever only thinking of yourself. You
"For the greater good, John. For the greater good." Sherlock smirked indulgently down at John's furious face, picking open the buttons of his rain-spotted purple shirt. "I'm simply giving her what she wants so this remains an enjoyable favour for her and not a chore. Besides, you're the one who insisted a hotel would be an irresponsible waste of money. Honestly, John, do you even understand how much money we have? How much I've left you?" He grimaced and flicked a long hand dismissively. "But I don't care about that now. I want to unpack. You noticed that the spare room only has a single bed? Do you think she would give us her bed for tonight? It's a double."
John picked up the pace of the toy, moving it faster over the slick length of Sherlock's cock, thrusting lightly into Sherlock's mouth, his cock tingling with the pressure. "
Sherlock was chewing rather gracelessly on an over-large chunk of muffin, and he quirked an eyebrow at his doctor, who sat beside him with a charming, reprimanding smirk. John waited patiently while the frowning detective rushed to swallow, so that he could express his indignation.
Sherlock's eyes narrowed even further and, when he chose another cookie, John's breathing hitched and his throat visibly bobbed as he swallowed. " ‘Cute arse.’ " Sherlock grimaced. "Complete with the winky emoticon…"
Sherlock's breath sped up and he leaned forward, poised, waiting for John's hand to go wrap around his cock. Instead, John raised his fingers to his lips and proceeded to suck on two of them indulgently, his eyes darkening with apparent ecstasy, a small noise of pleasure that was impossible to describe as anything but 'delicious', leaving his throat. All the air in Sherlock's lungs left him in a rush as he watched, with wide eyes, as John fellated his fingers, eyes never leaving Sherlock's face.
“It’s all right,” Sherlock whispered and held on, keeping him close and cupping the nape of his neck with a tenderness that spoke volumes.
John barely managed a muffled yelp of surprise before he gave in, trying to keep up with the lips and teeth and tongue assaulting him. He took a breath when he could but it felt like Sherlock was trying to inhale every moan and gasp.
John was grinning happily even before the masculine whoops, drunken claps and yells of encouragement assaulted his ears over the ruckus of the pub.
John, unprepared for the sudden change, yelped, hips brutally thrusting upward into Sherlock's grip.
Breaking away, the detective let out a sound that was vicious, yet guttural, most of the noise reverberating like a faulty engine or a languid big cat through his chest and against John's.
"Ok. Now the other way." John managed to manoeuvre the sheet from underneath Sherlock's slack body with some artful tugging, as well as remove the duvet from the bed, but he had no chance of redressing the mattress with a large, wet, naked man recuperating upon it.
“I don’t do things by halves. I have an addictive personality. If you give yourself to me, I won’t let you go unless you beg me to. And even then, I may not.”
John gave Sherlock a look from beneath lowered brows, clearly letting Sherlock know he was aware of the childish pout and wasn't going to put up with it much longer. He still clasped Sherlock's hand in his own, towing Sherlock along behind him like a dark, sulking thundercloud in a redundant coat.
"Oh. Yes, please, John." Sherlock breathed, heart starting up a fast tempo at the idea. "Now?" He asked, starting to drop to his knees but John grabbed him, standing and giving him a shove in the direction of the living room.
"Answer my phone...I'm asleep," Sherlock mumbled, tossing his phone over his shoulder before stubbornly burying his face in the pillow and curling into a foetal position that screamed, ‘Do not disturb.'
"Call it off. Now. Those women. This month. That you planned. And no more." He demanded, his pale grey-green eyes tellingly anxious, his breaths shallow and his jaw clenched. John pulled back, his hands dropping from Sherlock's face.
"Goddamn useless son-of-a-bitch." The boy snarled, stalking through his comrades, face contorted hatefully as he stared at Sherlock. "It is you, innit? I'd recognize that poncy hair anywhere."
"Did you hide it? Was there another one?" John asked, his tanned face growing pale in pure panic. "....Shit...Oh,
Sherlock pressed a kiss to the straining fabric before pulling away and tugging at John's jeans. John eagerly lifted his hips, hitching his thumbs in the band of his pants and dragging those off as well, kicking them to the side and staring at Sherlock with undisguised want.
"Pardon me for not trying to stick my cock in everything that has a pulse unlike some people." Sherlock hissed, keeping his eyes focused on the screen, bringing up random websites in order to look busy.
"Oh, I want to. Very much." Sherlock purred and, when John, after a brief, silent debate, nodded, he sprang from the bed to rummage in his luggage for a few ties.
," Sherlock seethed, gritting his teeth and writhing harshly, forcing three fingers into himself at breakneck speed, his arm and wrist muscles in over-worked agony, and a filthy, squelching rhythmic sound managing to out-do the now-dissipating rainstorm. "John quick...quick...tell me...tell me."
"Need you to...fuck me...Close, but...can't," the detective babbled, almost incoherently. "Tell me...now...please."
If John thought that the word ‘happy’ was going to irritate Sherlock, he certainly wasn’t about to describe him as looking ‘shagged-out,’ which - judging by his reddening features and the thumbnail worrying his index finger - he was doubtlessly beginning to think.
John followed Sherlock into the kitchen, fuming, his chest heaving with furious breaths. He was about to vent more of his anger, when Sherlock, peering into his microscope, spoke in an unnervingly quiet, steady voice, though spots of hot pink on his cheekbones betrayed his anxiety and frustration. "You know what I'm like, John. You know what your parents are like. You told them of my...particular nature. They probably would have been disappointed if I hadn't done something flamboyant or odd. Your mother now has a fabulous story to tell all her friends… It's guilt that's troubling you."
"I...I..." Sherlock moaned low in his throat, his own erection now insistent and twitching against his stomach. "What should I say?"
Sherlock and John began casually walking away, not looking back, when a sudden shout rang out behind them.
They settled on Sherlock’s bed and he tenderly began removing John’s clothes, helping him navigate his arms out of his shirt without jarring John’s wound. Sherlock's movements were slow and considerate, but the fire in his grey-green eyes was unmistakable. John swallowed hard, arousal beating through his body, the rest of his self-consciousness difficult to overcome. Sherlock was doing a good job of it, though, as he stripped off his own clothes, revealing his dusky erection which John hadn't even touched yet. John flinched again as the fingers of his left hand flexed convulsively, just at the thought of gripping, pleasuring, and caring for Sherlock's plump shaft.
The first thing Sherlock did was mentally reprimand himself for dismissing the sweet smell he'd noted as volatilized chemical compounds drifting into the sitting room from the street below. The second thing he did was forgive his own blunder because of his currently distracted state of mind. And the third thing he did was to flash a genuine, crinkly grin at the luscious red rose being offered to him, his insides warming at the sight.
." He had to look down, had to know what John looked like, if he were disgusted and trying not to show it, or intrigued, aroused-
"Mrs - " He managed, before the door opened sharply in his face, his diminutive landlady looking up at him expectantly, wearing a flattering mauve dress, and a dubious expression, tainted with the faintest of smiles. Sherlock glanced back at the front door, not needing to falsify his breathlessness and panic. "Mrs. Hudson... Rufus Shinra's on his way. Mob boss. I need cover. Just temporarily."
, at Sherlock's full lips, relying on the guidance of the warm huffs of breath and the heat of skin in the darkness to locate Sherlock's delicious mouth.
Sherlock smirked. "Well...I was going to see how many hits we got...on the blog...you know we've got two photos now? I sort of...added another one...one that's a bit more...intimate," he murmured in a throaty admission. "Remember the time we were a bit drunk and ended up...you know...outside that pub in Whitechapel?"
"If we don't, you can sleep on the floor." John threw the sheet and duvet Molly had given them at Sherlock's head, still embarrassed over Sherlock asking Molly- bloody
Sherlock's face eased into its intensive-concentration expression, and he moved once more to lavish his tongue slowly, but firmly, against John's opening. The response was immediate. John's muscles clenched and he moaned, a low, grating sound that, if Sherlock hadn't been so sated, would have made him hard again. The opening under this tongue contracted and Sherlock massaged it with his tongue, coaxing it to open again.
his hands tightly around her arm, his shouts barely filtering through. Telling her it wasn’t worth having mom or dad get called to school for this. It was never worth it.
he thought distantly, and the bastard looks just as ethereal, just as insubstantial, just as untouchable as he had always been - around his face softened, eyes wide, hopeful.
M̅͗̌ͩ̀m̽̋̽́m̢̅̓̍̑ͣ͑̈́mͤͭ̏ͥ͟m̧̿ͭͮ̍̇ͯmm̢.ͬ͑͐̓ ̷̇̃͒M̈͗ͫmm̈̀m̢̎̽̿͗m̷̉̃ͨͫ͛́m̅̍̃mͯ̽.̔̋̈ͥͭ͢ ̊ͫͣ̊̽ͥMͮͧͥ͌̊̀̕m̆̇m͐͑ͧ̿̒ͣmͪ͋҉m̶ͨ̿͋̄̒̊ͩm̄ͯ̈́̆̇ͨ͑͟m͊̇͐͐̚.҉ ̢ͤM̔̃̄͗͜mͮ̿͗̾͟m̊ͫͬmͩ̔̊ͭ̿mͥͫmm̛.̄͐̂͒ ̅͑̃̄͂͆͡M̆͏m̸̋ͯ̿͑̊̓͌m̓ͫͤ̓̇m̾͟m̓̃̅ͬͦ̇̚͞mm̸̓ͦͣ̏͛ͩ̏.͑͐ͥ̆ M̶͑ḿm̃̇m͟mͪ̓̿̎͢m̅mͪ͛.̷ͤ͆ͭ M͊͞m̐ͦm͏m͑ͫ̃͆m̵̐ͮ̿ṁ̑̈́m͂̑ͭͦ.ͩͣͮ̃̊ ͫͫ̓͑̒M̂̊ͭͬͤ̔mͯ̍̐m̿̈ͨ̂̒mͩͭ̌̋͠mͨmm̓ͦ̈́.͊ͫ ͫ͛͗̋ͥ̾͛M̛͊̉ͩ͗m̊mm̶̐̅̆̒m̑ͯͪ̅̅̊̕mͤͯ̃͢m͐ͪͯ͋̏̎̿.̅̌ͣ̆͗ͬ҉ ̧̿M̧̍ͣm͛̀͌̋m̎́͒͋͗m̈͗͑͆͑͌̒͏m̿͊̏̉̐ͯm̷ͥ̑m̢ͤ̔̍͋.̑͒͋̓̀ ̢Mͫͩ̀́͡m̽͊ͥ̏̐ͧ̚m̅̔̕m̴͋̅̓̊̉͊̆m̨ͦ͂̂̊͌͌̉m̀ͦ̆͊̃ͯm͊̎.̛͛̐̏ͧͮ ͨ̒̏ͬM̓ͤm̵͒̓̒̓ͧ̒m̑̋͒ͩ͐͗m̴̄̐ͫͬͪm̿̾m͊mͨ͊.͒ͭͩ̎͆̑̑́ ͨ͂M̆͌̅́̚m̆̏̓ͬ̊̅͜m̈́̚͜m̿ͥ̒̈͌͞m̶mͯmͧ̇ͬͫ̓́.̡
He should have done away with them entirely instead of letting their poisonous words sink into John’s skin.
“I need air.” He said curtly, steadying his trembling voice with a clearing of his throat, nearly snarling when Sherlock’s eyes flickered to his fists, his hands. He stormed towards the door, fear curling around his heart, trepidation that someone would call his name, stop him, but Sherlock wouldn’t, and Harriet knew him too well.
"No." he moaned, and his breath was shaking, his palms were damp with sweat, and it felt like every breath of air he gulped into his lungs weren't enough at all, and he wanted to be gone, he wanted to be alone, he wanted to be at home-
"Daddy?" pitter-pattering of feet, and he ignored them as he ignored the hoarse yelp that had tore out of Sillan when he shoved him out the door,
“You’re under arrest," he said, fauxly benign, twisting Edwin Sillan's arm around roughly, the click of handcuffs making Sillan stiffen and jerk uselessly, "For harassment. Say nothing - i do not care to listen to your excuses.”
“Yes.” he says firmly, his head bent as he releases Mrs. Hudson’s crockery on the island. It seems wrong to turn his back towards John, but maybe he will appreciate the gesture? It has been known to work. “I do.”
“It escalated from there." Anderson dared to continue, his voice a bit quaky in the beginning, though for some reason he continued on, "They became… loud, they turned every conversation into how John wasn’t looking after you properly, looked through John’s blog to find evidence of-”
They're just about the only reason he comes in to work instead of staring listlessly out his bedroom window.
He'd found it lying on the mat of the front door as he ran down the stairs, already late for work, pulling his dark brown coat over himself. He couldn't afford to lose this job - the pay was good, work hours acceptable. They didn't mind that he sometimes took days off, they didn't mind that he disappeared on some afternoons, they accepted his half-hearted lies. They gave him a glance when he returned from his 3 hour break, eyes red-rimmed, looking exhausted and barely functioning.
“You are an obnoxious twat.” She replied, the lines of her features creasing as she scowled in his direction briefly, just as her brother sent a stern, disapproving expression towards said obnoxious twat, who only sneered at the couch before flopping down on it. He didn't seem to be such an asshole online.
She nodded, clearing her throat as she ran a hand through her hair, wishing there was something she could say, anything at all that wouldn't remind her of what they'd lost.
Then there was another deleted comment, right after the first, but John had never found out about them, for they were wiped clean away, the deleted comments having disappeared altogether, without any sign of anyone having posted anything unsavoury in the first place, just as it had been.
Actually, she wanted to sleep. Maybe forever. Sherlock's expression went pinched again at her silence, and she sighed, her shoulders loosening.
The sound startled him - he thought it would shatter his eardrums, with how sudden it was. He would regret it later, he would regret screaming later; indulging in such a childish act. But for now, he screamed into his arms, curled tightly around himself as if he were still a boy, as if he were still 12 years old and someone had sniggered at him when he picked up the paper ball they threw at his back, and
When she’d dragged John out of the splintering wood, when John had opened his eyes blearily, she nearly burst into tears. Her tears had dried up so long ago, and all she could offer was a weak smile and a shaking hand.
“What’s happening here?” she demanded, gaze darting from the man she’d never met before and the man she’d known her entire life. Well, she thought bitterly, John was a changed man. Maybe she didn't know him anymore.
And it had hurt when he walked away from her, when she walked away from him. They were all each other had left,
While he did think John should be less vocal about his objections on leaving his experiments around the flat, as well as waking him up in the middle of the night, and his insistence on being civil to
There was Mrs Hudson, she was part of his... him, part of him, and as such, off limits. There was Lestrade, who had always hovered annoyingly over him, worried endlessly. There was, and he cringed to admit it, even to himself, Mycroft (arrogant sod, useless) (delete) (he'd never thought anything like that in his life) who had his uses sometimes. There was Molly, who'd helped him, who had, at her own risk, at the risk of having Moriarty's wrath brought upon her, helped him hide.
when he'd been smaller. Losing both their respect in one day, that must be a record. He'd thought he could keep their steady routine for a few days, to curl around her and hide, even if just for a little while, without telling her anything was wrong- she'd ignore why he held her hand and put his head on her shoulder again and he;d ignore how she kept looking at the cupboard, kept shifting uncomfortably cleared her throat constantly as if it were too dry-
They were begging for approval - that he could read from the large words in their caption, the hurry in which they had typed - for attention of any sort.
He dragged himself away from his harried thoughts when John glanced at him, blue eyes dark and conflicted, yet still worried. Always worried, for him.
.” He turns the corner of the couch, comes to pull John gently towards him, his fist unfurling as he grasps John’s shoulders.
He steps back, feeling awfully sluggish – Mrs. Hudson’s face brightens quickly, clicking her tongue at Sherlock absently in something that borders on admonishment, but doesn’t quite tilt that way. He doesn’t move quickly enough for Harriet’s lurch forward, eager and snarling to be rid of the salt Sherlock had shoved into her wounds, moving with familiar
It was all very basic, although the minorities had his sympathies for having to deal with them without getting the urge to squeeze their brains out.
John had only thrown a couple of things together before he left, keys in one hand, a half scribbled note in the other, sticking it on the skull because he knows Sherlock would talk to it in the end, and if he sees nothing else, he would see that.
Sherlock wanted them to know, had looked forwards to watching them connect the dots themselves, watching realisation stun them, watching it bleed into devastation. But they never looked beyond their own pain, screaming questions through the doors, and it was the second night now, so he doubt they'd ever see the error of their ways.Their stupidity irritated him to no end. Some were asleep, twitching in the dark, so it was with great pleasure he wake them up with a shrieking ring.
The reason why he was so loyal so quickly was because he hadn't had anyone to be loyal to in a long time. It had been Harry... It was still Harry; Harry, he would always be loyal to. But then there was another one - there was Sherlock, who'd taken him apart and didn't flinch away. Who'd known all about him, but never mentioned his parents.
John’s eyes shuttered, then he shook his head minutely, turning to his detective, “I wrote a note.” He said, as if reprimanding a child.
He finally looked up at her, and he looked very small outside her door, not as imperious as when he would loom over her and chastised her, not as loarge as when he had found her beside a pub, fearful and angry. He looked... he looked just like her little brother. With his downturned head and his large jumper - she'd given him that one didn't she? - making him seem younger, seem like her 17 year older brother coming to her for comfort she used to always give.
when all Sherlock could think of was the way John's shoulders slumped with defeat, his gait stuttered and halted. When Sherlock could concentrate on his petri dishes for all of five seconds before his mind wrenched himself back to
He snapped his gaze back to the blood sample in his hands, suddenly guilty. He didn't apologize however, and annoyingly, there was John shaking his head at him beside him, like a spectre in his Mind Palace, lined features disapproving and yet, softer than he had ever seen, standing closer than the real John had ever done, hands clasped loosely behind his back as he leaned forward to stare at the sample too, humming thoughtfully, his throat stretched out of the corner of his eyes.
“Pretty much.” John mumbled, and he had a split lip. The blood around it was already dried and crusted, and anyway, she figured he had other injuries to tend to, like the second degree burns curling up his arm, having eaten away at his jacket.
Sight had been taken away, all but the sound of their breathing in the small room, the feeling of cold cement under their fingertips. There had been more, they knew there had been more, but they were alone, alone, alone for so long. Every so often, minutes, hours, there would be the click clacking of high heels across tiles, just outside the cell, and it would be the only sound. They would throw themselves against the door, beat their fists on the heavy metal until their bones broke, their voice cracked.
It was a picture of burning paper, though why anyone would want to post a picture of a burning book he had no idea... Though it did remind him, absently, about terrorists making a statement, and what was it...? He must have shoved it somewhere at the back of his Mind Palace, but he could have sworn the Nazi's had done the same to libraries and bookstores during the Second World War.
.” He swallowed, his eyebrows furrowing as he closed his eyes, pressed them shut, “I was a soldier.” He added, seeing the remains of another time, when he had been younger, fitter and
Looking away from the nurse smoothing balm over her palms, she turned her gaze to Sherlock, who had insisted he was fine with such ferocity the nurses didn’t dare touch him. Not until a tired look from her brother had the great looming bat agreeing to a check-up. He ended up with bandages.
Glancing at Sherlock, who had bundled him into the cab, held him close, even when his cheeks were aflamed with embarrassment, when he tried to push away, when he couldn't meet anyone's eyes and only let his gaze drop to the ground, mumbling an apology for having to leave work early, he suddenly thought of another boy he had pushed away.
Kidnapped and bared. “It’s always about you!” John shouts, blackened steel lining the back of his words; there must have been once when John had said that with good humour, when he would have
Sherlock was always unreachable, and now even more so, and every time he tried, there would be a barrier keeping him still, and Sherlock only went further and further away.
.” He says, voice carefully monotone, but even then his voice seems to bend under the magma of his anger, his fingers curling when John’s shuttered gaze darts away at the very sound. “It’s
He swallowed the sudden bile he tasted, his eyes flickering down to the crumpled ball of paper at his feet.
the first time I’ve-” his voice cut off, drawing in a shaky breath as he stares back at Sherlock, eyes losing their manic light, turned helpless, “I
Mrs Hudson smiled kindly at him when he came down the stairs, drawing her own conclusions from the sag of his shoulders and creases on his face. She tutted at him, as she was wont to do these days, and patted his arm when he came up to her, a smile already on his lips for the mere comfort she exuded. She had full confidence they would sort it out.
He let the change of conversation wash over him, sighing; a long, soft breath that seemed to carry a thousand words, and he had the strangest feeling he had given himself away. His eyes flickered to the ground, and wordlessly, he shifted slightly to the left.
he wants to scream, from the hollow of his lungs, palms itching to curl around warm skin, but John as good as jerked back at his advance, wide-eyed, “You have a therapist." he says instead, to help John, to put him to rights, swallowing the myriad of
he clipped out, stepping closer towards the very happily married man, his fingers reaching forward quickly to clench tightly around the man’s thick wrist, and if he knew the force was too much, knew that it would bruise...
He swallowed the sudden bile he tasted, his eyes flickering down to the crumpled ball of paper at his feet.
"I'm sorry," he started to say, his mouth opening and closing, his words stuck in his throat, and she remembered when he used to stammer like that all the time, "I, that is- can i, can i stay for a while?"
Slow, shuffling footsteps come to a halt across the coffee table, John’s arm held outstretched to rest along the head of his old armchair. If Sherlock were less of a- if he were brave enough- and it’s- John has always made him want to be brave, but there’s another thing that’s changed; he feels small instead.
“Leave it,” he said when he finally caught his breath, a smile lifting his lips as he shook his head, something heavy and dark welling in his chest, “Just-
He glared at the man, effectively cutting off the incessant blabber, and Anderson swallowed audibly, looking back at the screen of his laptop as the soft sound of a printer whirred in the background.
“There’s an idea,” Sherlock says loudly, the soles of his expensive shoes clicking against the floorboards as he moves towards Mrs. Hudson, an arm extended to nudge her towards her flat. His smile, when John peers at him, is wide and determinedly plastic, revealed teeth flat and pristine. “This is John’s lovely sister, Harriet, why don’t you, get to know her a little better, I'm sure the both of you have much to discuss given your shared love of ingesting mind-altering substances.”
She rolled her shoulders carelessly, her eyes trained on him, thoughtful, but thankfully, hesitant to ask, "Found it just outside the practice." she answered, smiling a bit apologetically when she added, "I came in this morning and found it wedged between the doors. Thought i'd give it to you before i forget again."
It was probably just a case, he told himself when he glanced at the coat rack, where the scarf was absent and that ridiculous coat was gone, when he suddenly felt as if the flat was too big again, too large and cold, with him standing alone in the cluttered living room, his hands clenching into fists at his sides.
(also tis basically the last chapter, the next one is gratuitous smut n just a short wrapping up of everything IF I GET AROUND TO IT tbh i've lost almost all motivation, season 4 was a disaster, but then you guys were like wHERES THE UPDATE and I WAS THE RUNNING AWAY CRYING WITH PACKAGE MEME)
"Hang on a minute," he looked back at his door, which he had known he had locked before retiring last night, no matter how tired and confused he was now, he knew he'd locked it, because he knew
"Thank you, dear. I wasn't too sure about the colour initially," she told him in a loud whisper, "But i felt like changing things up a bit today. Oh," she handed him the letter, "This came for you. Not sure who left it there. When i opened the door, there was no one outside."
“Guest room’s free.” She cleared her throat, wincing at the croak in her voice, her pace quickening as she led John into the lounge, hearing his soft footsteps follow her, the shifting of his baggage from one hand to another. She leaned forward to snatch up the empty bottle lying against the arm of her sofa, fingers white with pressure, shoving them out of sight. The sound they made against the tiles made her cringe.
The fire licked at her face and roared in her ears, and there was that terrifying moment when a lock of hair whipped in front of her face and she realized her hair reached her elbows
Harriet is already fidgeting like she’s ready to take off, faltering on the doorstep like a bloody vampire. She had left her bike back there, but when they had hailed another cab, she had stormed in first, leaving the both of them to slink into the back seat.
He almost laughed at the state they were in now - tattered and torn apart, one shot and the other disgraced.
"It's nothing." John dismissed carelessly, shaking his head. He shuffled for the paper, face turned away as he elaborated: "Just a couple of coupons someone slipped under our door."
He hasn't spoken to her yet - he didn't offer, and she didn't ask. But dammit, she hoped he did. She hoped there was someone who took care of him- Johnny had always been so bad at taking care of himself, too busy with everyone else, and some days, it would overwhelm him, disorientate him. Some days it caught up to him, and she'd seen that too.
He stared at the wall across him, his arms curled loosely around his knees, his head leaning back against the head of his bed.
He showed up with his scarf hanging loosely from his neck, a dejected expression on his features, voice soft and mournful;
"It's tomato soup." he answered promptly, silently hissing at himself for not noticing how tired John seemed to look all the time, head ducked down to be able to look his flatmate in the eyes, tilted slightly to the side as he tried to gauge John's reaction.
Harriet had infallible memory, and she could count on the fingers of her hand the number of times John came to her for help after she turned 21. After he found her lying outside a night club for the first time, drunk off her arse with her lipstick smeared over her cheeks, smelling like gin and vodka. She could never remember what she said that night, only a blur of colours, of noises, John's voice in her ear, his arms pulling her up, but she must have said something, because if there was one thing she could remember, it was John's stricken expression bathed in streetlight.
A towel slung around his shoulders, John turned towards where she sat staring at the screen of her television, where some sports program she didn't give one whit about was running, pausing where he stepped out from the bathroom, dressed in a woolen shirt she'd gotten for his last birthday but never got the chance to give to him. It made him look small. How did it make him look small?
And when he reached under his pillow for his gun, clenching his hands as tightly as he could around the rough handle, his fingers shook so hard it slipped from his grasp when he pulled it out, making a small, soft
She drew herself from her thoughts, echoing the question in her head a good three times before she understood what he was asking of her.
“I can’t believe they actually went through with it,” Anderson muttered, his laptop opened in front of him and printing, glancing at where he stood tapping his fingers impatiently against the window sill, “Some of the members were talking… about John. They started it as a joke. I mean, I thought it was a joke. It was just supposed to be a joke- something about John not making you tea-”
mmḿmm.͡ Mmm͢m̶m̸mm. Ḿm̵͝ḿm̸̀m͘m͏̨m̴.̵̸͡ ̷̡̛M̵̢̨m̧m̛͟m̧͡͡m̀m͟҉m̸̷.́͘͜ ҉̶̨M̸͡͡m͘͠ḿ̷m̴̧̨m̸̕͡mm̸̷.̸͜͝ Mm̢mm̸͟m҉̡m̨m̵̧. ̷̧M̵̷͢mm̴̡͞m̶͞m͢͠m̴m͟.͘
“You know how to make tea?” John murmurs, rusted amusement bleeding from his cracked lips. It’s almost warm, almost
Something crashed into his door - he jerked back into the headboard of his bed, his heart determined to leap from his throat - locked and groaning under pressure.
There was a dark, damning possessiveness that resided in both of them, an ugly thing that reared it’s head at the slightest provocation, that howled and screamed, clawing at their heads, twisting their actions.
They were the first words that greeted her when she finally came from the kitchen, where she’d been preparing tea as quietly as possible, something she hadn’t needed to do because they said nothing at all in her absence. It was just one loud silence that she’d felt awkward intruding into, and it shattered when she stepped foot into the living room. It made her stiffen, her fingers clenching around the handles of the mugs she held, and if John weren’t already standing taut as a bowstring, she’d bet her last bottle of whisky that he would’ve snapped to attention.
Harriet turned to look at him then, her eyebrows raised; he might have impressed her, a bit. But all he could see was John stiffening, in trepidation and wariness, blue eyes stormy once more.
John had ordered a simple risotto but only took a few half-hearted bites, before he set his fork down and started playing with his drink.
He pulled the torn letter from his pocket, smoothing over the crumpled edges with his long fingers, bringing it up to the light, tilting his head to the right to peer carefully at the scratches that was meant to be words, at the slight pressure in the paper at how the name was written.
aADSFDGHFDGSFLKDJSF IM SORRY OKAY AND LIKE THE ONES WHO KEPT ASKING AFTER UPDATES IM SORRY HERE IT IS U KNOW THAT MEME OF SOMEONE HOLDING A PACKAGE N RUNNING OFF ASHAMED, TIS ME
See, the problem with Group B was that unlike Group A, they never ganged up together like the rats they were, never spoke outside of the forum aside from the occasional private message, where they were very loud. They weren't completely annoying, they had their good sides - they were very easy to find. Most of them didn't bother hiding their location, and if they did, they didn't do it very well and it was nothing to hacking into their account.
Head down, he hadn't seen when someone came his way, when someone shoved past him roughly even when the side walk had no one but them, with barely an apology afterwards.
When John walked in Sherlock was in a hospital gown with a doctor in between his legs covered by a sheet. "John?" Sherlock said easing his head off the table slightly.
Sherlock rolled his eyes at John's stupidity "No it doesn't hurt just feels a bit weird. What are you doing here? You never want to come to these things."
"I got you!" He said as he caught the baby again. He started to attack the infants face with kisses sending Tristan into a bigger fit of giggles.
As sad as this case ended I will have to say that I found it incredibly romantic that after all these years Schmuel loved Odessa so much that even though he was out of his mind on drugs he wanted nothing more then to be close to her.
This morning found the young couple in the kitchen fixing themselves up after a morning fuck over the kitchen table. John was zipping up his fly while Sherlock was pulling up his pyjama bottoms. "Thank you for that love. I needed that."
Just as he was about to call Sherlock and John he heard the front door open up and girls giggling and telling each other to be quiet.
Sherlock held his head up high "I wanted to apologise for.....kissing you...the other day. I don't know what came over me but rest assured it won't happen again."
Sherlock gave his children a look telling them to stop. “Kids, that not very polite. They are trying to welcome us and we should do the same. Say hello.”
John was taken back at the question and couldn't help but laugh a little "No darling who told you that?"
I'm trying my hardest to stick all this nonsense out. I made you a promise that I would stick through this all thick and thin.
John paced the hospital hallway outside of Sherlocks room. John nodded even though he knew Dr. Connor could not see him. "I'm sure. Although I thank you for the opportunity my place is in London. I'm going to be putting in a transfer to switch to a base out here."
"I'm sorry David! I just feel I haven't had time to breath this past year! I was kidnapped and bonded with a kid of my own on the way I think I'm entitled to a little freak out!"
Their home was always in complete disarray with toys and clothes thrown about. Sherlock never really cared though, his children deserved a safe haven to be and do (within reason) whatever they wanted and as long as they were happy and healthy, well, what more could he ask for?
I don't have to change a single thing about myself when I'm around you. You love me even when I cut people down with my tounge or when I do not understand the basics of emotions.
He then started heading out the door with his friends but not before Mike said to James, Stephan, and Molly "And that's why there need to be a second date before you marry someone."
Sherlock sighed "Very well. No use having you fidget the entire ceremony. Go ahead and change. Uncle Mycroft has your clothes."
The tears he's been holding back seem to creep out and he sobs harder then he has in a long time. It always hurt to be reminded that he was alone and it hurt worse to he reminded on the one day a year his Dad would show him an ounce of love.
Sherlock was equal parts upset and thankful that Darius just spilled out the news the way we did. "Yes, I'm not pregnant. I'm going to be bonded. Five days from now in fact."
After he had his son settled he went to the bathroom to wash off his feet then proceeded to take the cleaning supples out from under the sink to clean the floor.
He then led John up the stairs and turned the key to open the door. John stepped ahead of him "I think we should do this properly." He said with a sly grin and picked Sherlock up in a bridal carry.
Johns smile diminished he was trying to hide that tidbit from his family "I'm fine Mum. It's was a freak accident. We were in our designated training ground and unfortunately the enemy found out where it was and thought we would be easy targets. We had it under control and ran them off before anything major happened."
The car soon was at the gates of Buckingham Palace. Even the car seemed claustrophobic due to all the people who were practically smashed against the window in hopes of catching a glimpse of the crowned prince and the new piece of tail he had.
Johns father, Bruce Watson, also a portly man but tall in stature with stubble on his cheeks and years of hard work showing on his face; reminiscent of a time when the man used to work on the family farm in Scotland as a boy with a thick Scottish accent to boot, a true Alpha through and through, came and embraced John so hard he thought he was going to be crushed. "Ah laddie! Good to see ya! Have you been giving the Queens army a what for?"
"Sleeping Persephone. Why aren't you doing it?" He said looking back down at the piles of post and making sure Archimedes was still settled in his arms.
Charlotte took a deep breath. The smell of wood, rosin, and the light hint of various body sprays the girls would put on gave Charlotte the sense of being whole.
John shakes his head as he tries to pack a small lunch for himself. When he looks back Sherlock is currently doing a stretch where he's bending over giving John full access to admire his backside.
Sherlock said nothing. For the first time he was torn. Apart of his hoping that was true, the other part sad over the fact he would probably never see John again.
Smith nodded "Yes, Watson. A week after graduation. Normally studies would begin in September but Conner is going to be travelling, giving lectures come September so you'll be getting in early."
John had said he was visiting a therapist which Sherlock didn't question, his mate had been surprisingly kind and calm in the past month. He hated to admit it but it was probably the for the best that Charlotte left.
"Well he obviously must be intelligent to be where he is and come from the background he does." Mycroft said.
"Finished." The tailor announced clearly relieved to be done with his task. "Go and take the clothes off and I'll have them ready by the morning of the announcement."
Sherlock nodded and sat down at the table. He tapped his foot and finger on the table and furrowed his brow in confusion at his action. Was he nervous? Why was he nervous?
Charlotte had made new friends at the London Ballet Company and the girls there were completely stunned at the fact that Charlotte went to school, the ballet company, and still had time to be a mom. Charlotte soaked up the attention and would talk about how hard it was to be a teenage mom.
John turned to the Omega as his parents beckoned him over. "So I guess this is it? This is where we say goodbye?" He said hesitantly.
*"You and your big, stupid, alpha cock! My mother warned me about you and I should have listened! If I did I wouldn't be in this position in the first place!"
David laid her down on the sofa. "Knock it off Charlotte!" He was so completely beyond angry with her.
All eight children stared back at him. They knew something was up when this morning their father didn't blow his usual whistle to get them all up in the morning.
David picks up. "It's fine. Honestly somewhere deep down I knew you felt that way but it just hurt to hear."
Sherlock kept looking at the door hoping he'd see John come in at any moment but soon class was over and he headed home alone.
Cody listened to her sister and couldn't help but agree "This isn't fair! Dad should be thinking about us!"
"Enough!" John bellowed sticking out his chest with as much Alpha pheromones as he could muster to silence his children. "Now both of you grab a box and get inside."
John watched as the omega writhed underneath him as he loosened him up so he could take his cock. After adding a few fingers John deemed him ready and lined himself up to Sherlock's opening. "You ready?"
The music began and Charlotte started. The dance was simple yet elegant. The choreography was meant to show off a dancers form and the way the body of a ballet dancer is kept. Even the lyrics asked the audience to watch the way she moved and to take note that there's a thousand other dancers but she is the most beautiful. In a way Charlotte hoped that the song would resonate with the judges and show them that she worked hard and belonged here.
In an instant food began to fly around and no one was safe. Sherlock took the younger kids and tried to get them away from the flying food while John tried to get a handle on the situation “Stand down everyone!” he shouted but it fell on deaf ears.
John smiled at his accomplishment and lined his cock up with Sherlock's hole, grabbing onto his leg to get better leverage. John started out thrusting softly but soon began thrusting faster and faster.
"Yes, but I was under the impression that you moved here for good. I don't want to move to Scotland."
John paled at the sight. The doctor was prodding at an area he found pleasure in and it was weird to think it be used for medical purposes "Yeah....um....hi...."
The next morning John sat at his desk and tapped his pencil against his papers. Trying to work out equations brought on a light headache that he was trying to push through.
Being away from you has been hard but seeing your smiling face as we walk the park and laugh like old times tells me that we're okay. That nothing had changed.
Siger crossed his arms and glared back at his son. "No, what's unnecessary is this little relationship you have going on here. How could you?"
Tears rolled down Sherlocks eyes "John....if last night has proved anything it that we are two completely different people. If it wasn't for the pizza place we would have never been together that night and I would have never gotten pregnant. I take full responsibility for everything that has happened. It was childish of me to think that I of all people could have a normal life. A baby, a husband, it was too high of a target for me to shoot for. Alone is how I need to be and alone is how I need to stay."
Sherlock stayed by his husbands side until he was fast asleep. Sherlock swore this would be the last time he went to any of John's friends for a favour. Watching his husband sleep though he was overcome with so much love for this man he wanted nothing more then to be with him always. Then he remembered he was lucky enough to have that. Mary be damned, he had won in the end.
The room was rather small and had two small mattresses on each side of the room, two plain wooden dressers, and one small desk. The walls were white but some of the paint was peeling and black stains from previous tenets scatter the walls. This was absolute horror compared to the palace.
Charlotte nodded and reluctantly handed him back. Another round of kisses and goodbyes were said with tears all around. Charlotte headed towards her gate but before she turned the corner she looked back and blew them a kiss as they waved.
If drinking made you feel this good she could see why so many people became addicted. It was freeing.
Alvin shook his head. "I don't mind sitting out here Master John. It is my duty to protect you and I tased that duty very seriously."
Sherlock stood up fast "My mother won't even speak to me! But I told my family the truth! I didn't hide you! What is it? Are you ashamed of me? Ashamed of our life?!"
It was unlike something he ever experienced before, while intruding it was pleasurable at the same time. He began to moan and in the back of his mind he wondered where did he ever learn to make a noise like that?
Dr. Connor sighed "Well it's a shame to loose such a fine apprentice but I trust that whatever you do you'll thrive. You're a very gifted solider and med student John. You'll go far in life."
My love didn't suspect foul play but it seemed a little odd that an old man would just leave his work when he was so invested in his community and his skill.
John's breath was completely taken away which made him remain silent. Sherlock couldn't quite read John's expression but could see the shock in his eyes. He looked down as a slight blush came on his cheeks. "I know this is all rather ridiculous. I told Father that the Royal uniform would be too much but he insisted."
Two hours later Charlotte really did start to get used to the taste of alcohol. She played drinking games and even took a few shots. The world was spinning and it felt good. There was a feeling of nothingness but sweet nothingness.
Tears started forming in Charlottes eyes. "So you two have been lying to me this past year! And you David are leaving! You're leaving me alone with Tristan!"
"You know I'm never on time so don't expect any less from me. So with this I will spend how ever long you will have me and then some with you. I don't know how any one survives in this life without someone like you. I've always expected to live alone and right now I could say no.....but why? I want to be your husband, I want to share a life with you, I want to die knowing I've had a long full life in your arms. That I can do."
Sherlock walked behind a older woman. She looked like Sherlock with her dark hair pulled up and in a simple black dress that hugged her thin frame.
John looked up from his trance. Even though Sherlock left he knew he needed to follow him. He grabbed his coat and pushed past his friends and started running down the hall.
As much as he detested the visits his children were absolutely besotted with their grandparents as they always brought them sweets and gifts. The little traitors.
Siger stood tall. "I have every right to keep my family and country safe. Until I can be fully aware of his intentions you are not to see him. Understood?"
John headed toward the back and stopped short and stared at Sherlock. "What the bloody hell?! I thought George threw you out of here!"
Sorry this is such a short chapter but the next one is them telling their children about their bonding and I wanted that to be a chapter in and of itself. I will try to have that chapter up no later then next week!
Sherlock groaned "If you want to take off your clothes for me do it quickly in the back so that way we could get it over with. Mind you I won't sleep with you but at least it'll put the sexual tension out of the way."
John looked at the offered hand for a second and cursed under his breath. "Fuck it." He said and grabbed Sherlocks face and kissed him.
Sherlock glared at John "I hate you so much right now! Leave me the fuck alone! I never want to see you ag-AHHH!!!" He screamed and then pulled John close. "I'm sorry John." He cried "I'm sorry for everything. Don't leave me, please don't leave me." Another scream tore through his throat.
Dear God if it wasn't for the stupid tracker that Mycroft and installed on their phones he would have just gone to Scotland Yard and not have come to this stupid party. Persephone though vowed that she would track him and make sure he'd stay for the agreed upon two hours.
Sherlock clenched his teeth then gave a dramatic sigh "For fucksake! Don't make it seem like I was at the sea shore! You sent me away!"
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "John this is my fat nosy brother Mycroft and his omega bond mate Greg Lestrade."
Sherlock suddenly became rigid. "You had sex with three other people all you knew for no longer then three days. You're obviously not timid when it comes to the physical aspect of a relationship yet we haven't gone past me sucking your neck. So the only difference is me."
The family was still not speaking to Sherlock. Greg was the go between them all and luckily they all stayed in each other's good gracious.
Violet looked to her husband for permission to speak before she started "Actually your father and I have discussed an....alternative if you will."
John smacked his hand down on the counter. "I just came home from the surgery! The last thing I want to hear is a crying baby!"
For the next week John tried to approach Sherlock but he was no where to be found. He even tried to knock on his door but either Sherlock wasn't there or he was purposely ignoring him, either way it was disheartening.
The doctor who was a young omega woman with dark hair and tan skin smiled "Oh you must be the alpha I've head so much about?"
John smiled as he slid his class ring on Sherlock's finger. John then stood up and kissed Sherlock hungrily. Once he pulled away he looked into his eyes and the both started giggling "We'll have to find someplace and someone to marry us."
John's knot expanded and held the young couple together. Spent and satisfied they looked into each other's eyes and without words began to kiss again.
John stood next to him "Um.....no not really. If it's just dinner with your parents do I really need to dress up?"
John tucked his head to Sherlocks chest as Sherlocks hand gently caressed his head. It was impossible not to feel so alone all the time and it was harder knowing Sherlock would never understand.
"Well i am," she declared, and she crowed internally at being able to answer him without stumbling over her own words, turning around to reach for her phone, and her attention stalled for a moment on the half-empty bottle she had on the stand. "We'll have Indian." she said, remembering herself, fingers closing over cool metal, returning to the telly.
A hand curled around the doorknob, fingers clenching so hard around bronze steel. Fumbling with the locks, all three of them, it felt like an age when she finally yanked it open so hard a rush of air slammed into her, but it was who she saw at the door that made her suck in her breath sharply, made her swallow reflexively. Panicked blue irises roved over his helpless expression, his curled fingers tightly around the strap of his backpack, slung over slumped shoulders.
"I want them to know," Sherlock said silkily, turning around to look at Mycroft, his glass eyes as cold as his pale features, not even a ghost of a smirk in the face of his victory, and in that moment, it seemed they were every bit brothers, "That if they ever touch John again, i will not be so kind."
"Nope." he said curtly, his pale green eyes darting down to scribble something into his notepad, perhaps putting a bit more force than was necessary, pressing against the paper and leaving darkened blobs of ink behind.
when he had another blond lying in bed with him, tracing his childhood scars with a probing finger, a thoughtful crease as he looked up and said in a quiet whisper, a
He briefly thought back to John's lithe figure, the curve of his back and broadness of his shoulders, the force behind the punch he threw and the quiver of his bottom lip, but he immediately stopped his train of thought before it could go any further, into how John had looked when he showed up at his door, grey eyes wide and betrayed, furious, and most of all,
Large hands curled around his arms, fingers digging into his skin to hold him still. He snarled, bringing his leg up to stomp hard on the man’s feet, elbow shoving into the body behind him. There was a grunt, but he’d had
Mrs. Hudson’s hand flashes forward, a fervent pulse beneath paper thin skin. Her smile is pleased and sweet when she grasps Harriet by the crook of her arm. It’s a teeny bit amusing, filtered through lethargy, to see his sister, ever an explosion of sound and movement, freeze in her tracks.
"I want you to be hard," Sherlock said suddenly, awkwardly swiping his tongue across his plump bottom lip. "I want us to do it properly. Like real people."
John bit his lip, giving Sherlock a mischievous look. "Listening to you gasp and moan while you touched yourself...of course it was hot. And then at the end..." He trailed off and Sherlock stared at him, trying to work out if he were being made fun of or not. But no, John was perfectly serious...and if the sudden bulge in his jeans was anything to go by, he was enjoying the memory of last night.
." Sherlock growled through gritted teeth, listening to the irritating tones as John's mobile rang...and rang... Why wasn't he picking up-?
John was about to punch the cars' console, when the tinny vocals from Sherlock's wire made themselves known.
With all these thoughts entering his head, John snogged Shaun harder than he'd meant, desperately, and Shaun responded, moaning, already pressing his erection against him.
"...Y-ep," Greg nodded with over-the-top finality, sending his text and smoothly picking up his pint. "You were saying. About your nurses," he chuckled dirtily.
Sherlock paused at John's filthy demand, feeling the surge of his own orgasm threatening, suddenly very dangerously close. He quickly pulled his fingers from John's body and gripped at the base of his cock, desperately trying to keep himself from coming. He heaved in a few shaky inhales, closing his eyes and trying to distance himself from thoughts of climax, willing it away with firm resolve. When Sherlock felt the danger had passed, he quickly poured more lube onto his shaking palm and slicked himself up, trying not to give his cock too much stimulation, afraid of taking himself too far to the brink- he could still feel his orgasm hovering in the background, just out of reach.
"Rinse." He instructed, standing, leaving Sherlock wanting, cock bobbing. He quickly rinsed himself in the warm water before turning to John expectantly.
"Efficient..." Sherlock muttered, and John could tell a plan was forming behind his eyes. His stomach dropped in trepidation...and his cock got that much harder.
John chuckled weakly, the sight just a bit too funny after his amazing orgasm, and Sherlock's eyes snapped open to gaze up at him.
"Argh," Sherlock sobbed suddenly, frowning as if in pain, as John rubbed his prostate repeatedly, relentlessly, worshipping the innocuous little bump of nerves. Sherlock's passage clenched reflexively tight, creating the slight sensation of pins and needles in his finger, and John could practically feel his fingertip wrinkling in the pulsing, moist heat of Sherlock's core.
At John's enthusiastic nod, Sherlock muttered a quick, fervent curse and, adjusting his grip on John's legs, rocked his pelvis experimentally, thrusting inside John. His rhythm was off, stuttering and awkward, but what Sherlock lacked in consistency he made up for in power, building in intensity until his hips were smacking against John's arse with a wet slap each time he moved. John emitted a wonderful, raw grunt with every thrust that he received, a constant, consistent melody of anxious and desperate sounds that were music to Sherlock's ears. He pounded faster, panting, and expounded his choked queries.
He leaned down and suckled indulgently on John's upper thigh, feeling a kind of sublimated ecstasy as John's cock pulsed and bobbed beside him. Wordless, desperate entreaties sounded out in the early-morning glow of the generic hotel room. They were music to Sherlock's ears. He loved having John like this.
"Oh, fuck, Shaun, where have you been," John hissed desperately, the tears threatening to re-appear, as he stood and shamelessly grabbed the other man in a violent hug, pushing kisses against his throat.
John cringed. Surely Sherlock wouldn't have... Even Sherlock would have known better than to say what he claimed he had.
Unexpectedly, there was a brief flash of wetness against Sherlock's nipple and he shouted in surprise, arching. His hips jumped forward, grinding against John before he could stop them.
Still buzzing with frustration and a lack of understanding over the events (or lack of events) of the past week- which frankly infuriated him- Sherlock let out a feral growl and flung the Union Jack pillow blindly over his shoulder, childishly hoping he hit John with it.
John braced himself awkwardly against the cheap headboard as Sherlock's considerable weight ground against him, his baritone yells piercing his ears, and large hands squeezing his hips viciously. Closing his eyes and enduring the violent rocking of Sherlock's aftershocks between his sticky thighs, John rode out the detective's climax wordlessly, He was rather surprised Sherlock had come that quickly. Even if it were the first time they were doing this, he'd expected Sherlock to last a
"See you around, Watson." He murmured on his way out. John could hear voices from outside the shower room, approaching soldiers, and he was pathetically grateful they'd finished when they did. "If you ever need some help...you know where to find me." Shaun winked, slinging his towel around his hips before strutting off, leaving John staring after him.
"I know you've been wanting it." John explained, taking his hand away from Sherlock's crotch, not wanting to influence him in any way. "You've mentioned it a few times now and I thought...we could. If you wanted. We still have the lube..."
"...I don't...I don't think I can make it last.” John gasped, sucking in a few tremulous breaths, his features contorting into something resembling anguish as his eyes started to close tellingly. Short, sharp wheezes and faint, masculine grunts of exertion betrayed his imminent orgasm, but also the fact that he was trying to hold back. Sherlock had waited weeks. He wouldn't brook one more second of patience.
"...That's why I was late," he managed, settling back on the bed and eyeing his lover before relenting and giving Sherlock a few powerful, bruising kisses to his hip.
"Not yet!" John said quickly, fumbling at the zip of his trousers. Sherlock sobbed as John scooted down in his chair, fumbling one-handed and shaky to get his cock out and started stroking it quickly. "Oh, fuck...fuck...Sherlock..."
The two joined the long line of people waiting to place their orders and Sherlock glanced at John out of the corner of his eye.
"Here we are." Chaucer swayed up to them, holding out the pants, eyes dancing wickedly as he stared between John and Sherlock. "I've never known you to bring a gentleman with you to buy your undergarments, Sherlock. I must congratulate you on your impeccable taste, though. Silk? Yes,
John wandered through the barracks, his heartbeat ratcheted up as he anticipated encountering the man he'd now been having sex with regularly- secretly- for over three months. He peered through the door to the barracks, not seeing the dark-haired Irishman.
"Oh, God," John hissed, his hand reaching up to Sherlock's warm, slim wrist in an unconscious act of defence, before he halted himself. "I..." He trailed off rather feebly in the blind darkness, suddenly feeling overwhelmed by damp minty air and strong fingers.
Sherlock crawled over him immediately, his nose and mouth pushing to rest under the hinge of John’s jaw while he got comfortable, aligning their bodies so that when he lowered down, their stomachs, hips, pelvises and finally their crotches, touched. He exhaled a shaking breath of pleasure and bracketed John with his arms and legs, stroking the fingers of his right hand up John’s arm to lustfully trace the ridges and bumps of his scar. John flinched, not being used to such (or indeed, any) attention to his scar, even in the dark. He was well aware of the raised, keloid mass, the damaged topography of his shoulder and chest, and the unpleasant texture of it. He tried to direct Sherlock down, towards his nipple, which equally sensitive, but more pleasurably so.
"Nothing...nothing much." John dropped his eyes to watch Sherlock slowly stroke him, trying to appear distracted and not deceitful. Sherlock grinned, the smile not reaching his eyes, which were clearly vindictive.
Today had been a record-length session, and Sherlock would have squirmed in glee at the memory if his muscles hadn’t been practically useless from overwork. Thank Christ for taxis.
"Every time I see them I can't help but imagine how they'd looked wrapped around my waist while I fuck you."
Before anyone knew it, the detective was sprinting down the sumptuous hallway, bellowing over his shoulder. "Run, John!"
-"Shaun chanted, voice constricted, sounding feverish and utterly desperate. "More- W-Watson...fuck me...more."
John snatched the proffered garments gracelessly, uttered a reluctant "Thanks," and abruptly pushed his tall boyfriend into the changing room, locking it. He chucked the underwear aside and forcefully, but not viciously, slammed Sherlock against the wall, his small hands protecting the detective's scapulae and spine from the impact. His face, though, was like thunder.
Sherlock opened his mouth to speak- but closed it again just as quickly, instead lowering his eyes and schooling his long musician's fingers to slowly fiddle, as if with incompetence, at the button of John's jeans. Now that he was freed of the mind-melting arousal, he intended to tease John as much as he could, watch every little twitch and spasm, hear every gasp and plea. John's relieved sigh when the button finally popped free was music to Sherlock's ears and he repressed his smile at the way John's body strained as he slowly...slowly...
Looking up after a few moments, John flushed, looking a little sheepish. "I can taste your heartbeat," he said softly.
"Excuse us. We were just...just..." John fumbled for something to say, looking to Sherlock when words failed him how to explain where they were and what they'd been doing there. Already, the maid's eyes were flicking between them and the closet, her nose wrinkling.
Sherlock watched, a bit dispassionately, as John's hips flexed, his cock hardening even further in Sherlock's grip. John had given Sherlock plenty to think over, though. From the little he'd said, Sherlock knew John was lying. How or why, he didn't know. But, he thought as the first spurts of come leaked from the tip of John's cock, he intended to find out.
John nodded fervently, shivering. "Yeah. Yeah it's fine. Just-" he broke off again when Sherlock slowly thrust back inside. The lack of lube made him feel twice as big, filling him up until he almost couldn't breathe.
"Why don't you take that damn thing off, Sherlock?" Greg asked merrily, glancing back at the detective who was still wearing his long, heavy Belstaff purely out of stubbornness. Sherlock's usually pale face was reddened from the unseasonably high London temperatures and perspiration glistened on the sweet dent of his upper lip and wilted the dark hair resting on his annoyed, crinkled forehead. Sherlock shrugged, exhibiting a childish pout which would've rivalled a two-year-old, and crossed his arms, as they got to the door of the pub.
Sherlock glanced at John, seeking approval, as he finished slicing away the hard outer shell of the fruit. He licked his lips and quirked an eyebrow. "It's…ready now?" It looked daunting and inedible. A bit gross. But if eating it meant he got what he wanted…
.." She heard John moan shamelessly soon after, and she bit down a yelp as she held her vibrator still, postponing her imminent climax. What was Sherlock doing? What could he be doing to her? ...He could have…have pulled out to lick her to completion... Molly imagined Sherlock's head between his thighs, his curls falling forward over his face as he devoted himself to the task. She gently rubbed at her clit, imagining Sherlock's tongue flicking against it, his fingers…
“’Yes, Sherlock. Of course you can borrow my box, chuck out all my stuff and dump grit in it,’” he said, deadpan.
, I want to have you," John whispered harshly, blinking briefly in the sallow light, and then staring at his detective openly. "
of the lube opening was loud and Sherlock's eyes jerked open without his permission, seeking out John in the darkness and watching him warm the slick liquid in the palms of his hands.
After John had given himself a cursory wipe-down, put on his dressing gown and filled the kettle, he went to run a cold shower. Glancing through to the living room, where Keith cocked his fluffy black-and-white head curiously at him from the coffee table, he grinned conspiratorially.
John frowned at the tiny digits on his phone, cursing to himself as irritation seemed to fuel his typing speed.
"Will you let me take these off then?" John snapped the waistband of Sherlock's pants, making him jump.
He heard John sigh and then the small bed dipped as he climbed onto it, snuggling behind Sherlock and gingerly fitting his arm around his thin frame.
"Let's start off simple," John reassured him, pulling back enough to hook his fingers inside the waistband of Sherlock's dark underwear. Before he did anything however, he glanced at him with eyebrows raised, wordlessly asking for permission.
Finally, heaving the sigh of the greatly put-upon, Sherlock weakly reached up and grasped the top corner of the bottom sheet, giving a few half-hearted tugs in an attempt to dislodge it where it was firmly tucked beneath the mattress. His shoulder gave a painful spasm of protest at the movement and Sherlock winced, hissing and going lax against the bed. He'd definitely be sore tomorrow and the idea, instead of making him annoyed, filled Sherlock with quiet delight.
“Quickly, if you don’t mind, Molly. These notes are important for me to make. I’ve never been closely acquainted with a potential maternal unit before.” Sherlock waggled an impatient hand at John, gesturing frantically for the notepad and biro on the desk on the opposite side of the bed.
"Probably. They're all different variations, though. Not just your first name." John's eyes dropped to stare at Sherlock's mouth and Sherlock felt his heart accelerate again. "I'm...I'm going to kiss you again. All right?"
Sherlock's eyes squeezed shut and his teeth bared, his head thrown back once more as he seethed out a deep, sticky moan.
"Hmmm...I did love watching you take it." John murmured back, licking his lips at the memory. "Just so long as I...you know. So long as you're happy and pleased with. ..uh...
Sherlock's mouth fell open in surprise. After their fight, he’d been hoping for reconciliation sex, but John was so upset. So he’d assumed.... "Um...
John couldn't help but chuckle sweetly, as he lay down, and expounded his instructions as if he were telling Sherlock how to use a new microwave, a playful glint in his eyes and a teasing, fond lilt to his voice. "Well, first we snog a lot. Then you nab Molly's stolen lube, and open me up with your fingers. We’ll take our time with that. And when we're ready...you penetrate me and thrust until hopefully, we both come."
A breathless laugh, a flash of fondness in indigo eyes. “I’m not claiming my saliva is some kind of panacea. It’s just something people do. A soothing, comforting thing.”
!" John managed, snickering wheezily as his fingers tightened in Sherlock's damp ringlets. "...Ah, God, I'm close.
"...You're 'alright' too," Sherlock said quietly, reluctant to roll off of the smaller man, even though he knew he'd have to eventually.
John's thin-lipped mouth gaped only a second, before he slapped Sherlock's eager hands away, and bit hard at a portion of white skin on Sherlock's neck that was ambrosia made flesh.
"I wanted you in every possible way." John murmured, ducking his head and giving the other nipple the same treatment. "I loved you...before...then...now...I probably always will." He admitted, raising back up so he could seal their lips together again. "You're...you're...part of me." He whispered against Sherlock's lips, flushing at the incredibly stupid, sappy way that sounded but he didn't know how else to say it, didn't know how else to convey to Sherlock how much he had wormed his way into every facet of John's life, leaving behind an indelible mark.
“…Do you want to come tonight? To the pub, I mean,” John asked quietly, treating himself to a quick nuzzle into the damp curls at the base of Sherlock’s skull.
"John, I'm not an idiot, I want you to enjoy this. I know I'm a bit of a sociopath, but your..." Sherlock cleared his throat, kissing John's occiput with worshipful, unfairly-decadent lips. "...Your comfort and happiness...and yes," he chuckled, "your sexual satisfaction whilst I'm inside you is deeply important to me. Tell me if it hurts."
"You know what?" John asked, kissing Sherlock on the tip of his nose and settling back against the bed, crossing his arms beneath his head and grinning up at him. "I'm not telling you. And" He interrupted when Sherlock opened his mouth to argue with him. "I may just beat you to asking." John laughed at Sherlock's outraged expression. "The game is on, love," he said, lips twitching in a smile. "The game is on."
People passed by he and John on the busy sidewalk, not even glancing at them- for which Sherlock was thankful. He clutched the weighty shopping bag tightly- and prudently- in front of his crotch, hoping no one noticed the bulge in the front of his tailored trousers and wondering how he felt about it if they did.
!" Sherlock gasped. He trembled, overwhelmed tears streaking down his face, mouth contorting as pleasure streaked through his body.
“Yes,” Sherlock told him honestly, glancing down at John and then releasing himself. Sherlock’s penis was thick and rosy-tipped, and was curved elegantly, and he angled his hips down, pressing back to John eagerly, instantly wetting the skin of John’s stomach as he tried to align them.
"I fucking loved it." Shaun pulled John down and gave him a heated kiss, sloppily twining their tongues together and forgetting about John's 'no kissing' rule of earlier. "That was...
"John can I just...two minutes?" Sherlock asked, licking away the fresh drop of sweat from his impossible top lip that the doctor had been eyeing hungrily. Sherlock was practically steaming, and John grinned, somewhat smugly.
John was depending on him to be good at this, to give him a nice shag (that was what people called it, wasn't it? Sherlock wasn't sure but he thought he'd heard that phrase a few times) and he was messing up.
"I'm not going to apologise for having had sex with people before I met you." John muttered, removing his hand from Sherlock's still-flaccid cock, and laying back on the bed in a huff. Sherlock could feel the irritation emanating from John and he opened his mouth- though he didn't know what he was going to say- when John snapped.
John blinked at the back of his friend's head, frowning in bemusement, and only became annoyed when he realised that they weren't on a case, and weren't even out of the flat. Sherlock had seemingly just decided to join John in his bed without permission. Not that John would give him that permission. John reached for his plain bedside lamp and switched it on, bathing them in a soft, weak light that was thankfully soothing, rather than eye-watering. He scrubbed his eyes roughly and then glanced around at his clock, which blandly displayed 11pm on the dot.
Sherlock looked at it and then rolled his eyes, “The fountain pen,” he said, flicking the empty thing aside without a second thought. It bounced off the wall and was lost somewhere under the bed.
"You meant it. You meant to say those exact words. You meant it?" John parroted the detective's earlier words playfully, but there was a clear seriousness in his eyes, preparing to judge Sherlock's response for truthfulness.
Sherlock obediently got up and trotted to the kitchen, easily finding the correct bottle among the designated 'EDIBLE' section of various containers, and brought it back to the sofa, kneeling once more beside John. He unscrewed the cap and, after looking to John for approval, drizzled a large amount of the thick, fragrant oil over John's erection.
"It's the...it's the...Oh, God," Sherlock uttered, gritting his teeth, and planting long hands into John's short, ash-brown hair. "We need to go there…pet shop...because..." John gave a vindictively-deep suck and Sherlock's throat emitted a desperate, high-pitched noise that John hadn't heard before.
John took a deep breath and immediately phoned their favorite take away place, placing their regular order before rushing about the room, placing the candles he'd bought earlier that week, strategically scattering them around and lighting them. By the time the doorbell rang and the shower had cut off, John was ready for their night.
Once Sherlock was sure that John was fully hard and thick in his mouth, he pulled back, licking his cupid's-bow lips, making a happy little "mm" noise. He sat quite still and quiet for a few seconds, just grinning at his lover.
Sherlock grunted through each strong spurt with his mouth open and his eyes closed, his thighs, stomach and hips overtaken with hard convulsions as he painted some of his chest and stomach, and then the mattress, soaking the fabric. Once the last of his orgasm had rippled through him, Sherlock slumped and panted, twitching and juddering in aftershock, still thrumming with pleasure.
need apparently. Did you manage it? To get off again? Or have you been rolling around in frustration for the best part of eight hours?" John asked, a suggestive, dark grin on his thin lips. Before Sherlock could answer, John smoothed his left hand through the considerable mess of clear stickiness that covered his detective's flat, white stomach, and proceeded to suck on his tainted fingertips in a display of pure filth.
! Have you been eating enough?" Mrs. Watson asked, patting John's jacket and unnecessarily smoothing out wrinkles. "You look as if you've lost at least ten pounds. It's not healthy to starve yourself, John. You're a doctor- I shouldn't have to be telling you that."
As he breached a sharp and painful climax, John cried out, his throat raw, and he allowed himself the luxury of spurting his copious seed across Sherlock's damp entrance, watching the tender muscle twitch as it received his pleasure.
"You know why these are called cakes and not biscuits?" Sherlock asked, mumbling through a mouthful of crumbs and orange jelly. "Because when biscuits are stale, they go soft, but when cakes are stale, they go hard. True fact."
"Sherlock!" John interrupted him, not able to hear any more. "Why are you talking like this?" He rubbed a hand through his short hair, ruffling it in a physical expression of confusion.
John was watching a moist chocolate chip detach itself from the muffin and land in Sherlock’s lap. Without preamble, he gently brushed it away from the detective’s crotch. He earned a wonderful, peculiar little noise of surprise for his actions. He tried not to appear as indecently thrilled as he was at touching the warm, firm, heat-damp fabric between Sherlock’s legs.
and a healthy, misplaced dose of pride that she had somehow got them together. Molly's message was...rather
John chuckled. "Not like this. Not as a misunderstanding." He tugged Sherlock back until they were laying on the bed again. "Something romantic, I guess. Something that means something. To both of us." He shrugged. "Doesn't matter, really."
John tried to take a breath but was enamoured with the sight of Sherlock fucking himself. It wasn't a new sight - maybe on the couch in broad daylight was new - but it never ceased to amaze him. He felt his mouth water at the sight, filling with enough liquid to give him the idea of what he wanted to do. Dropping his coat on the floor, the doctor cleared the space in a few quick strides, getting to his knees and moaning as he watched Sherlock's greedy body suck at his fingers.
"Well, there was that one case a few years ago. I was there when Anderson did the forensics and the entire room glowed...Oh." Sherlock trailed off, staring at the stiff line of John's shoulders. "That wasn't what you..." He fiddled with his hands, glancing around the room as if looking for clues. "Have I done something...wrong?"
"I thought you might try giving me a hand job again." John suggested lightly, unaware of the aroused turmoil Sherlock was experiencing.
"What?" Sherlock's eyes snapped to John's face, looking glazed. John smirked knowingly and knelt beside the bed, lifting the covers and sliding his hand toward Sherlock's erection. Over the last week, John had gotten Sherlock off several times, though Sherlock believed he had put up a respectable amount of resistance on each occasion to maintain his dignity. He did the same now, swatting away the inquisitive fingers that tip-toed playfully up his bare thigh.
John tightened his hand on Sherlock's cock, giving him something to thrust into. Sherlock groaned, staring almost disconcertingly into John's eyes while he did it.
At Shaun's urging, they soon set up a graceless, violent rhythm. John's hips smacked into Shaun's arse over and over, bottoming out with considerable force as the other man forcefully rocked back against him, riding John's cock with obvious pleasure. He groaned, strangled and high-pitched, when John hit his prostate and John's free hand blundered underneath his waist, knuckles brushing against a remarkably turgid, eager shaft. He gripped it awkwardly and Shaun's cock twitched heavily in his hand, pre-come dripping from the tip like a faucet. John ruthlessly rubbed the head, smearing the moisture around, listening to Shaun's desperate whines as he fucked into him.
Sherlock was about to demand that John stay and comfort him, but he startled and stared when Greg's hand landed on his arm, and the DI began to mollify him instead. "Sit down Sherlock, let's chat."
John smiled brightly "Don't apologise. It's so nice to see you." John licked his lips "Can I buy you a drink?"
Sherlock stopped what he was doing and rolls his eyes at John "Honestly, a man going into the medical field and you're squeamish over the birth of a baby."
"John? Are you almost ready?" Sherlock said timidly. He felt like he was walking on eggshells with his husband and due to the isolation didn't know where he stood. It didn't help that he was big and gangly now with a seven month pregnant stomach hanging off of him.
Sherlock adjusted himself and tried to sit up but couldn't do it very well with his belly in the way. John then got the hint and helped him. Finally they were face to face. Sherlock then spoke "I wanted to talk to you as well....I felt bad about the way things were handled."
"Children?!" Sherlock almost chocked. "We've not been engaged for 24 hours and you're already discussing children?! I'm not even sure that's even something that John and I would want."
When you realised it was I that saved you life you just smiled. My God I think that I could be in love with you. You crazy, mad, genius.
"Did I stutter?! Your head is not here on your team! And when one team member fails we all do! Show up tomorrow with a better attitude Watson before I send you off!" Sargent Smith then walked towards the other boys leaving John behind.
"Now as you ladies know next week is the audition process to be accepted among our ranks. All you young ladies will participate in the judging and I'm happy to announce we have over 200 applicants this season."
"Yes because lying face down on your bedroom floor in vomit because you overdosed on cocaine is the pure sign of having control!" Siger yelled.
Sherlock smiled into the second kiss he gave him. This was the John he missed and loved so much, it was wonderful having him back.
Sherlock felt the need to show off a little bit because he could tell John was enjoying this "Then move not, while my prayer's effect I take. Thus from my lips, by yours, my sin is purged." He then grabbed Johns side and pulled him a little closer.
Just earlier today I was a wounded soldier with a limp and I can't even begin to comprehend that my leg no longer hurts and that I've just practically signed on to be your assistant on cases.
John didn't say anything, being to overwhelmed with what was in front of him but took the hint and handed his coat over.
John and Sherlock decided they wouldn't let Charlotte in that their marriage and bond were all but over. They would be a happy family for a bit longer. Their daughter had been gone a year and it just seemed like the proper thing to do.
Tristan though as little as he was seemed to understand that his Daddy was not coming back. Sherlock held his grandson as the little boy cried and held his Dad's dog tags.
Richard straightened himself up "I'm sorry Mr. Watson but I have been told not to allow you in on any circumstance."
I know it’s been forever but rest assured this fic had not been abandoned. As I’ve said before I hate when fics do jut get finished and come hell or high water I will finish this. I don’t know if anyone will still read this but at least I know I won’t have something out in the world that I didn’t finish.
After Sherlock and John came home he told them how Charlotte came home blitzed out of her mind. They all agreed that Tristan should get away from his irresponsible mother for the morning and David was more then willing to take the baby on an outing. Besides today was a special occasion.
Before Mike could argue any further a woman wearing heels and a grey suit started marching up to John. He immediately knew who it was.
Valerie sat next to her sons hip. "Your Da and I did disagree on where to raise you kids. He wanted the country side of his hometown in Scotland and I wanted to stay in England but that argument didn't last long. His parents had died and as much as he loved his home he couldn't bear the thought of going back and seeing the possible memories at every turn when this was a time he was supposed to be raising a family and making happy memories. I know he still slightly regrets not going back but he would never regret the life we provided you because of it."
Sherlock folded his arms across his chest "Charlotte feels that going to her ballet rehearsal is more important then keeping her promise to stay with David and Tristan while we go out."
Sherlock stood up putting the palm of his hands on the bar and straightening his arms "For example I know you are an Omega studying to be in the medical field but not a midwife or a nurse like Omegas usually do but an Army doctor. You've just gotten back from basic training in the desert where your training group was shot at. You told your family that nothing major happened as to not worry them but failed to tell them that a bullet grazed your left shoulder, nothing major mind you but enough to need stitches. You are currently on birth control instead of the birth control and heat suppressants they made you take in the army with the hopes to get your heats back on schedule. Now there's only one question I need to ask you. Afghanistan or Iraq?"
His mother turned to him with a smile that could light a dark cave "Just making sure everything is perfect for tonight."
"Mum, I want to do what's best for me right now. I want to have my own life! What's so hard to understand about that!"
Persephone punched her brother in the arm "Shut up! I don't care what the Watson's tell us to do, we'll still be us. Let's just make a deal that no matter what we resist everything they throw at us."
Right on cue a small whine came from the cradle that was by the window. Sherlock gave a smile as he lifted his son up "Well who wouldn't want to know Christopher Hamish Watson-Holmes?" He popped the baby's dummy back in his mouth "He's perfect."
John looked at the people who were currently watching them "Maybe we could talk about this some other time?"
Before John could follow Greg called to him "John!" John turned around and saw the sincerest look in Greg's eyes "Take good care of him okay?"
Charlotte groans the next morning. Her head is pounding and the light of day burns her eyes. It's unnatural how alcohol can make you feel so wonderful one moment and the next it's biting you in the arse.
There were traces of a powder the my genius said were a hallucinogenic and the note said how Schmuel heard voices to finish this dress so he could become young again. He told us how he would gift this dress to his one true love Odessa so she would love him.
John took a deep breath and grabbed Sherlocks hand. They both walked out together where John's parents were sitting the the couch slowly drinking their tea.
When John's knot deflated he gently pulled out of the body beneath him and held the omega close. Both didn't say a word and John pulled his small jacket over the both of them to keep the chill away from the night air.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and grabbed his phone seeing that the caller ID showed Lestrade "Sorry, do you mind if I take this?"
He briefly thought about letting his parents know what was happening but knowing his mothers love for celebrity gossip, she probably already knew. Besides they confiscated his phone for security purposes no matter how much Sherlock assured them he was no threat.
Sherlock tightened his tie and took a deep breath. The venue that they were at was absolutely beautiful. He was currently getting ready in the "Omega suite" of the venue. This day was going to be perfect he would make sure of it.
Greg nodded "Yeah. Marriage is full of them and it's obvious this is something that needs to happen. I know you love each other but if you both give a little maybe each party won't be completely put out."
Darius rolled his eyes and got up off the bed “I think you’re both being selfish. Who knows? It might be fun to have that many new siblings. More people to roll into our psycho experiment family. Think of it as an adventure, all the while thinking of Mum’s feelings.”
but not ordinary fans, not the ones that made John smile, or the ones that brought them cases, some that occasionally weren’t boring. Not the ones that sometimes appeared to fawn over him and John and ask for their signature when they were out of a case. Usually he'd wave them off and let John take care of them for him.
She had shut down; he could see it in her darkened eyes, in the way her face became blank of all anger. She was done. She turned on her heels and retreated back into her room, and just as he opened the door, he heard hers close with a quiet click.
and it was Sherlock, trying the handle of his door, voice frustrated and worried, and nope, no, Sherlock couldn't see him like this. Sherlock
He huffed in wry laughter as he remembered the childish poem spoken in Harriet's lowered voice, when he had been small enough to fit into her arms, small enough to bury his face into the crook of her neck and forget why he'd needed the comfort in the first place, to block out the world with his big sister by his side.
“Thanks.” John mutters, the end of his lips curled slightly upwards, amused. He looks down at it, swirling slowly.
His tensed expression inexplicably melted away at the familiar picture, the tired lines smoothing over his weary features and his light blue eyes glancing Sherlock's way every so often before he managed to tear his attention away, his lips pursed lightly, twisting in a tender, wistful frown.
He had thought it was Mycroft, purely because of how the letter addressed him. God knows he hasn't seen the older Holmes in a long time - the last time had been 2 years ago, at... at the foot of Sherlock's grave, a week after the funeral. The British Government had found him curled up in pouring rain and roaring thunder, and held up his umbrella to shield him. A fruitless effort, as he was already soaked to the bone and shivering.
It’s a good thing she isn’t facing Sherlock at all, the cogs turning behind her eyes, because the man radiates unbridled self-satisfaction, somewhat muffled without eye contact.
, the memories… they didn’t come to her when she was digging through burning wood. When the skin of her fingers peeled and darkened. She didn’t remember the shouting matches, the broken bones and the tears.
"May I?" Mycroft Holmes asked politely, a bland smile on his thin lips, tilting his head towards the space next to him, as if he would be completely at ease sitting his thousand pound suit of imported silk fabric on the rusty edge of an old park bench.
with such a fierce warmth that he almost backs away, Harriet cool at his back. Sherlock hovers by the stairs, the lines –
“It’s not- it’s not drugged- this time.” Sherlock blurts out, crisp. In a quick pointed move, he brings the cup to his lips for a deliberate sip. The ends of his eyes crinkle, before he holds it out towards John again.
John's expression went pinched and dark, a shadow flitting over his weathered features. "Right." he said gruffly, his hand reaching out for his fork restlessly.
She didn’t want to do anything. She wanted to burrow into her pillows; she wanted to keep holding onto the bottle she had stashed in her room. Because she knew that if it was John on the other end, she’d regret. He would sigh, sounding disappointed and tired and angry. He would go quiet and she’d hate it. She was tired of regretting.
, this pattern. He wouldn't eat for days, and then she'd get a call from some nurse telling her they'd found him passed out somewhere like he'd been starved.
"I think this is too much for my heart." she said finally, pulling her eyes away to stare at the ground.
He stared back, expectantly, a dawning worry that he had done something wrong. They hadn't any chicken soup left, and it had been too late to buy any - he wouldn't know which brand to buy anyway - when he re-emerged from his Mind Palace, so he'd scoured the cupboards for something, anything that John would enjoy and found a can of tomato soup.
John certainly hadn't done it. He did know, however, who could've, and decided he'd just leave it alone.
Each time John appeared again on archway of their flat, the letter would be crumpled in his pocket, and John would grab his mug and retire to the living room, where he would hide behind the paper for about an hour. With the hour up, John would stand and putter about the flat, the letter seemingly forgotten from his mind.
Sherlock didn’t know what to say. He had ordered nothing, his fingers curled gently around his glass of water. He didn’t dare drum his fingers, for it might awaken John’s ire. It seemed as if the softest of sound was thunder in his ears.
"The two of you, stop it." Harriet interrupted loudly, an ugly sneer pulling her lips when they turned towards her irritably. Her glower was vicious, though her arms were crossed again. She swept her hair from her shoulders as she pulled herself to her feet, pulling three crumpled bills from her pocket to slam on the flowery print of the table. "Since none of us are hungry," she spit. "We're leaving, before we get thrown out."
Knew it in the way Sherlock would be especially gentle after handling case that involved an unstable household, knew it in the way Sherlock quietly fussed over his weight, forced him to eat, as if he could see the times when he'd gone hungry, gone so thin his clothes hung off him and he hadn't the strength to run. Knew it in the way Sherlock liked to mutter to himself whenever he caught sight of a scar he couldn't hide in time, one that he hadn't gotten from the war.
The letter was what caused her eyes to narrow and her fingers to slow, resting lightly against her purse, her employee card between her thumb and forefinger.
to pick them up. He has to do it, or someone else will find them, those trail of papers on the groun, as if left there by children who wanted to make a mess. Someone else might read them, someone else might laugh at him, someone else might spread it around.
She tossed her phone at him wordlessly, shoulders tensing defensively as she fought the urge to cross her arms over her chest, wishing she had worn more than a spaghetti shirt.
"Just put it with the others." Nadia interrupted her, well used to her temperament, cutting off her rising irritation calmly as she turned her chair around to face William, pushing the letter towards him with two fingers gingerly, "If he asks for them, we'll give it."
, John wouldn’t like it. Would John like it? He wouldn’t know. He didn’t think he knew John anymore.
The first one had been written neatly, in the scratchy handwriting of a student, on a piece of notebook paper torn from a school book, folded carefully in half and addressed to John Watson.
"It's tomato soup." he answered promptly, silently hissing at himself for not noticing how tired John seemed to look all the time, head ducked down to be able to look his flatmate in the eyes, tilted slightly to the side as he tried to gauge John's reaction.
Sherlock watches him, his head half-cocked. Why is there a pause? Surely the tea doesn’t look as distasteful as John is making it out to be, it’s only tea water after all. The length of his brow furrowed, a bulb goes off as the silence grows. Limbs spurred by a quiet panic, he swoops towards John quickly, wrenching the cup from his grip. Startled, it’s barely a second before John lets go, head snapped up to look at him, bewildered.
And William left a cup of hot chocolate at his door, reluctant to enter. He only found it when he opened the door for the bathroom.
As if his chest didn't hurt at the thought of the distance that had grown between them, Sherlock a brooding, unreachable figure, and every time he wanted to each out, tried to open his mouth to spit out words he should've said years ago, the brilliant, brilliant madman only seemed to be further away.
"I was not running." John hissed word by word, his lips peeled back in a snarl. His fingers were wound tightly around his fork, and his eyes seemed to flash with fury as he leaned forward.
The sliding door that gave way to the kitchen was partially closed, only revealing the tense line of Sherlock's back as he peered into his microscope with narrowed eyes, his shoulders almost to his ears as he scribbled onto a piece of paper feverishly with his left hand, flicking the pen away when he was done, his large hands coming up to touch gently at the sides of the microscope.
eat," he said to her without looking up, unable to keep up an irritated tone, and instead only managed a sort of uncertain mumble,
he said, and even now, even when John was on the other side of town, the name brought immeasurable fondness,
Temper frayed and nerves frazzled, he couldn’t have stopped himself from turning around, from letting a hand come up to snap around the hooded man’s wrist bruisingly tight as he hissed viciously, “What the fuck, mate.” His skin itched, crawled; he wanted a fight.
fans, on the other hand, they grouped together to plot their schemes, having no real life of their own to obsess about.
John was supposed to be safe. The argument they had 6 years ago, it was all about John always putting himself in danger, always fighting and always running while she stayed behind,
very quietly, his cheeks tinted a slight pink, and he had had the whole of the cab ride to admire that colour across John's pallid features, but he would be sorry to have John leave his side. His doctor immediately went up to his room after shrugging his coat off, eyes on the ground and footsteps silent.
Harriet cranes her neck to look at him, rooted to the spot despite Mrs. Hudson’s slow return to her flat.
John froze briefly in his steps at the sound of his voice, his fingers twitching towards his trouser pocket. Eventually, he turned to look at him, expression infuriartingly blank, bringing his cuppa up to his lips, rolling his shoulders in a careless shrug as gunmetal blue eyes stared at him over the rim of the mug. "What's what?" he asked evenly.
Disappointment curls under his throat, he swallows it down. There’s a hitch in John’s stride, a small misstep, when he leans forward to curl his fingers around the handle.
His heart ached at the thought, and for a moment, he wondered what Sherlock would say if he simply started following him to crime scenes again, if he asked, but then he dismissed it quickly with a since, a voice in his head that sounded an awful lot like his father telling him sternly:
Sherlock shrugged at her reply, and she could already see herself vanishing in his mind as his attention returning to her brother, “John.” He said, all serious.
She wondered if he'd called that detective of his, wondered if there was anyone at all who was worried about where he went, worried about
He dragged his eyes away from Sherlock's hunched form again, a hand lifted to tilt a test tube gently against the mouth of a beaker.
assumed that John would take care of these men and women, these cowards who would never showed their faces and instead prodded at raw nerves. He had assumed that John would dismiss their words, their lies and assumptions, with the ease he usually reserved for confronting murderers and thieves.
It was the gratitude in the twitch of John's cheeks, the brightening of his dark blue eyes, and for a moment, he could almost ignore the rings of exhaustion that were around them.
He brought out his phone when it buzzed in his pocket, narrowing his eyes at another notification about Doctor Watson's blog, his lips twisted in a faint grimace.
Maybe it would be useful (he doubted it, he really did) but it wouldn't hurt to check. He opened the tab and what he was presented with had his eyebrows raising, unimpressed and a bit annoyed he had unlocked his mobile for this.
"No, you weren't." he countered lowly, tilting his head to the side, adding sharply when it seemed as if John was about to object: "You were running away from it."
John who had seen the part of him he flaunted - just so no one would expect anything of him, just so everyone would see him, then leave, and not get his hopes up ever again (see: Victor Trevor) (hide folder) - and never left, even when he purposefully pushed his patience and tested his limits, even when he was an arse, even when he was
He didn't mind, really. He chased criminals all the time, and he had had more than enough experience doing it one at the time when he'd been dismantling Moriarty's web. Though he was irked he wasn't wrapping this up sooner.
Sherlock’s lips shut with a snap, and Harriet shrank back, her arms coming up to press defensively over her chest, legs shifting apart so she could throw a blow if she needed to; protect herself if she needed to. She-
"Ugh, Phil, surely you've properly functioning eardrums? You heard me." Sherlock snapped in annoyance, glaring at him with more than just regular irritation, more than just impatience, taking his hands away from his chin, "Your group has been
He crouched down, feeling the piercing sharpness of gravel through his jeans as his left knee dropped to the pavement, reaching out to curl his fingers around the paper, grimly satisfied when he barely felt the twinge in his leg over the physical pain of rocks digging into his flesh.
Her face is incredulous, but as far as John remembers, his sister hadn’t begun beating down grannies. She’d wanted to leave, but it had been confined to small slivers of discomfort- now, singlet blackened with soot, smoke filled hair, grappling with a stranger, he sees every line of it across her face. He should let her leave.
He wasn’t weak- he could fight, he was a soldier, and if they thought him easy picking, if they were the ones who’d tormented him, who’d sent him jagged words, he would crush them, he would show them- he wasn’t a child anymore, he wasn't weak, he wasn’t useless, how
Harriet kept glancing at the bottles lining the restaurant, reluctantly dragging her eyes away only to find herself drawn in again every five minutes. She hadn’t drank the entire time John stayed with her? No.
The man had a forgettable face, but his brown eyes were intent, staring at him for a brief moment, and then flickered upwards, beyond him. He whirled around with a snarl, knocking away the hand that came from the side without a second to waste, blue eyes alight with anger. They were ganging up on him-! He jerked back when he heard the sound of glass shattering on the sidewalk.
He looked back down at the man staring up gobsmacked at him. “You will be joining the rest of your inmates shortly.”
She could remember precisely how that order had went down, remember how taken aback she had felt hearing the alien fury from her father's throat, could remember stomping back upstairs, only to dither at the door of her brother's room. She'd slowly opened the door, pushing her head through the space, her hands gently on the doorknob to keep it still.
“Of him not doing his job?" he snapped, his head already pounding with the implications, the accusations their placid, tiny minds must have came up with, "To serve me hand and foot? Let me walk over him like a doormat?”
was a word neither of them took lightly. “Should be no problem now,” Sherlock continued without looking at John, a pleased curl of his lips, as his gaze shifted through the magazines beneath her coffee table, “They’ve been taken care of.”
John, who had just returned from his practice and looked as if he'd rather head off to bed instead of standing dumbfounded by the stairs, stared down at the bowl that had been thrusted into his hands with a mix of confusion and weary suspicion, greyish blue irises flickering up to scrutinise him.
"Hm, yes," she wanted to go back to bed, but John seemed to be completely awake now, stormy eyes wide and
His leg ached with a merciless pounding - he knew he wouldn't be able to stand even if he wanted to, knew that if someone came to kill him right now for whatever reason -
"What happened?" she asked when the call ended, when the cheering of the match on the telly died down to a low buzz and all she was aware of was his breathing.
He looked up from the papers on his desk, blinking when the words smudged together and the numbers flew away from him. He looked up at one of his younger colleague's face, her dimples disappearing when her smile faded away, struggling to rearrange her face to be more professional. She held out...
When he returned to his office, a block away, Mary and William glanced at him for a brief moment, worry in their gaze, but Nadia had already shoved a cup of hot cocoa into his hands.
A long time ago, Harriet had been someone John could depend on, and John had been someone Harriet knew.
as she grabbed the envelope, glancing over it before pushing the door open and striding into the practice.
John snorted, a thin smile curling his lips. His shoulders tensed minutely at the reminder, and Sherlock wanted to backtrack immediately, feeling like he was treading on broken glass. Seemed as if that was all he and John had been doing lately, around each other, always in circles and always in riddles. He
The paper crunched under his right hand where it had rested against his thigh, and he rolled it into a ball without looking at it, his eyes and mind elsewhere as he tossed it into the trash.
; she’d never neglect John. There had been two people she’d promised to love, protect forever; John, and Clara. Clara had left her for someone who didn’t constantly smelled of alcohol and smoke, who didn’t relapse every few weeks, who could actually do something with their life and had an actual future, and she didn’t blame her. John was her brother, and of the family she’d had – father, mother, aunts, uncles – John was the only one she’d ever really cared about. She would never ignore him.
