Honestly, Cas didn’t know if they could handle it. He knew Dean could handle Monsters, but he wasn’t so sure about himself. The uselessness was starting to wear down on him. Cas needed Dean to stop pretending like they were a team if he wasn’t going to let him fight.
“What? Is something the matter?” Cas worried, shifting his eyes from the pancakes to Dean. Dean shook his head sharply and swallowed.
“I’m not completely sure, but I’m guessing it’s about eight days that way.” Dean pointed to the northwest. Cas’ shoulder’s sunk slightly. “What is it?”
Cas’ eyes flew open in shock, and Dean almost pulled away until he saw the look of adoration and trust in his eyes. Cas let out a loud, hoarse moan as his wings flexed in response. He was then suddenly reduced to silent gasps and tight-lipped whimpers as Dean slowed his thrusts to focus more on his wings. Dean held his attention there as his fingers combed over the shape of Cas’ wings, sliding them down to brush the tips of his inner feathers.
“Same here.” Sam said. The waiter wrote their drinks down.
“Cas, please-!” Dean protested, but Cas shut him up with another collision of their lips, chasing the high of Dean’s Humanity protecting him. Dean’s own anxiety was uncomfortable, but now he understood Cas’ pain, and he was almost glad to take it from Cas. Cas snaked a hand around Dean’s neck, pulling him in, begging him to stay.
Welcome back :)
“Okay, then,” Dean said with a dry laugh. “I suppose you will.” Although Cas was taking the initiative for now, that didn’t stop Dean from rolling his hips along with the angel as he began riding Dean’s cock.
Dean’s eyes flashed with desire. “You’re fucking wonderful,” he said, pushing two fingers inside. Cas inhaled as he felt the familiar stretch of Dean’s fingers. He could work himself open as well as he could with his slender fingers, but somehow, the strength of Dean’s hands always took him by surprise.
“Shhh,” Cas hushed sharply. “Sorry. It’s mostly nothing. I’m still trying to figure it out.”
Stay alive, get home. Keep moving.
“Feels good,” Cas said, already losing his breath a bit. “Harder, Dean, please…”
“Well, the initial harm done to them when we were pulled here caused feathers to fall off, along with numerous contusions to the outer layers of skin… and there are a few broken bones and torn ligaments. It seems my continued neglect has rendered my abilities fairly useless.”
“It’s alright,” Cas said. His remark visibly surprised Dean. “We’re almost home. Don’t worry.” One more perk of Cas’ relationship to his Humanity: his emotions were already articulated for him.
Cas pointed to a small area of trees to their left. Covered by the lake behind them and certain of the noise’s origin, they turned to face whatever threat was concealed by the foliage.
As he spoke, a Leviathan threw himself out of the brush behind Cas. Dean’s eyes widened as he yelled incoherently, driving himself into action. Dean grabbed Cas firmly by the arm and flung him behind him to safety. He swung at the quickly approaching Leviathan with the Blade, cutting off it’s head in one smooth stroke.
The shifter with the blade swung at Dean’s leg from his place on the ground, slicing through the skin of his shin. Dean grunted in pain, but still managed to chop the axe-head of his blade down on the throat of the shifter.
Cas could take whatever Dean gave him willingly, but make no mistake: Dean Winchester was big. It always pleasantly shocked Cas. For a moment, Cas readjusted to the size of Dean’s cock before he started gently lifting and rolling his hips.
For a moment, Cas thought it might be wrong to steal from the hacked credit cards, but the human part of him lit up at the lack of consequence. “Dean,” Cas said while estimating the amount of money in his hands. “What do you wear to a casino?”
“Leave me,” Cas said. He heard the blankets on the bed shift.
“-You don’t have to do any-”
When Cas didn’t come back after another full game of blackjack, Dean started to worry.  He looked around for Sam, who was still chatting up a pretty lady at the bar. “Hey, Sammy, what’s up?”
The connections they built in the bedroom were carried with them everywhere else. Cas was glad his love was returned and cherished, and he loved to see Dean felt the same way. They started with movie nights and take-out food in parks, exploring the couple lifestyle that they had both dreamed of, and then Cas asked if they could do more. The first time they had sex together, Cas felt like the world was full again. Dean was so gentle and attentive that it made him cry. Even still, Dean was careful not to hurt Cas or push him too far.
He couldn’t see, but he could hear. He heard the familiar echo of shouts in a place he had been before, maybe ten miles south of here. He heard the rustle of leaves under feet and the quickening pace of an enemy-- no, enemies-- not far behind. Once again, he felt Dean’s Humanity, filled with pleading, terrified desperation.
__________
“Hey, hey, it’s alright, baby. Lemme look at you…” Surprisingly, Cas let Dean pull the covers off of him. He was flushed and his hair stuck to his forehead. The first thing Dean noticed about him was how he smelled. He smelled so explicitly… Cas.
Dean rested folded the towel back into place as gently as he could, but he still brushed the skin of Cas’ back ever so slightly. He shuddered in his sleep and Dean furrowed his brow in concern, afraid that Cas would wake up. He hushed him quietly and walked around to the other side of the bed. Dean placed a hand to Cas’ forehead as he pulled back the sheets to climb into bed. He wasn’t abnormally warm and his breathing was normal… for now he seemed perfectly at peace. This was some other type of sickness that Dean couldn’t quite place at the moment.
The demon sauntered closer to Dean. “Your bitch wouldn’t tell me where he was either, so I figured I’d let you watch him die before I rung the answer from your meat sack myself! Crowley took my soul from me, and I will not stand by and watch him live like a king while I-”
Cas fully
Armed with only hidden angel blades and their brains, Sam and Dean scrambled for a plan. Dean was in too much of a panic to stop and think, so without any words, they decided to wing it.
“What am I supposed to say to that?” Cas said. “They look horrendous.”
At least Dean would be safe.
“S’gonna be too much, please, alpha!” Cas cried, begging for any type of solace Dean could offer him.
“Come with me,” he said firmly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Holy shit,” Dean said, matching Cas’ low voice. “It’s not far?”
Dean wrapped his hand around the base of a thick, velvety, crimson feather. Dean spoke low and hushed, and Cas could hear the worry in his voice. “I’m gonna count it down, okay? Three, two, one.” Dean wrenched the feather out of the scapular and Cas cried out, clasping a hand over his mouth.
On the sixth day of travel, Dean and Cas were resting as the mid-morning sun reached its highest peak through the trees, catching Cas’ feathers in the light. “Hey, look at that, babe,” Dean said, touching the end of Cas’ wing gently.  “Your feathers are starting to grow back.”
In the near silence of the night, Dean felt something inside him stir. An untouched place in his heart churned and his ears rang with a voice he hadn’t heard in a long time. There were no words, just a gentle, high-pitched ringing accompanied by vehement sensation of yearning in his chest. There was a small tinge of physical pain that didn’t come from Dean’s own muscles.
“My, uh… Were you aware that angels went into heat?” Cas blurted out, short of breath from the embarrassment, not to mention the coursing need within his body. Dean stopped moving. “I’m sorry… with my grace I could stop it from coming on so I wouldn’t trouble you... it’s just… I suppose with my depleted grace I couldn’t prevent-”
“It’s… It’s very complicated.” Cas sighed, almost panicked. His cheeks were flushed. Dean couldn’t tell if it was embarrassment or heat. It didn’t seem overly warm to him; in fact, the room was on the colder side.
“That oughta do it.” He panted, prying the blade from the shifter’s hand. He held it out to Cas, who took it without a word.
Dean thought for a moment, a little sparkle in his eyes showing itself for a split second. “Yeah, of course, Cas.” He didn’t move for a moment, instead just looking affectionately at Cas. Dean returned to the moment. “Sorry, uh… I’ll lie down.”
The Levithan laughed a pained, unnatural laugh. “Angel’s the way you’re headed. It’s just a matter of who gets to him first.” The Levithan backed away a few steps. “You, or us.”
“I love you, Castiel.” It was true. Every part of him knew it.
“I’m not so sure…”
Cas shook his head, a smile creeping into his voice. “Not more than a couple miles.”
“Come on, Cassie, I thought we were having fun!” The demon raised his arm, sending Cas flying into the mirror hanging on the wall. His angel blade soared out of his coat pocket, clattering to the ground. The mirror shattered as Cas’ shoulder collided with the glass, cutting one side of his face. Cas flinched, panting, and scrambled to get a foothold in the battle. He’d seen so much, angel and human, but fear paralyzed him in this moment.
“Yeah… He said he could feel it all the way across Purgatory. I didn’t even know he was alive, but he felt everything that I did until we got back together.”
Sam furrowed his brow. “Where did you look?”
“It’s the summer solstice.”
“Yeah, absolutely,” Sam said, nodding while grabbing something out of the fridge. “I’m glad you’re home, Dean.”
“That’s it, Cas! Come for me, angel.”
“It’ll be alright. He’ll be able to help you.”
“Hey, hey, everything alright?” Dean said, hurriedly, wanting to believe that everything was.
Cas’ eyes glowed a brilliant blue as he came, releasing all of his energy, his wings failing wildly. He gasped for air in between Enochian praises, grasping for Dean all the while. Objects on the bedside table shifted and shook, and a frame on the wall came crashing to the floor. Dean paid no mind to the chaos around him, instead turning his full attention to the squirming angel below him, whispering comforting words to Cas as he rode out his orgasm.
“I can help,” Dean said, immediately ready to get to work. Cas shook his head self-consciously. “No?”
“Don’t need it,” Cas said as his wings splayed out. He rested them softly against the bed with a little gasp outwards and spread his legs. “Part of the process. I’m ready.”
“Cas… what do you want to do now?” Dean asked. Cas thought he seemed unsure of how to handle the emotional part of him, so he responded quickly.
Cas felt his body tremble as he came between their stomachs, feeling a wave of pleasure wash over him with each arrhythmic movement of his hips. He felt Dean spill inside him, finally feeling full and happy as he let the aftershocks take him away…
His Humanity wrapped itself around Cas, and he was certain he was safe. Dean had always promised to protect him. Cas was sure that this wasn’t a conscious decision, but it was in Dean’s very nature to keep him safe. He loved him so much that it was embedded into his metaphysical behavior. Cas closed his eyes and saw the same blackness as he did when they were open, but it was one he chose. It was one with Dean.
By the time he reached Cas’ scapular, near his shoulder blade, Cas was trembling. Dean didn’t pry, he just moved with gentle purpose, only causing Cas to squirm more.
“How do I look?” Dean said, crossing his eyes.
Dean refused to be a Monster’s free lunch. If he was going to die here, he was going to go out swinging. He killed everything he saw, regardless if it attacked him or not. Some fought, some fled, but Dean always managed to get the jump on them.
“You alright, baby?” Dean asked. He didn’t chastize or ask any other questions, and Cas once again felt a sense of safety return to him. Cas tried to nod and level his breathing. “Did I hurt you?”
Dean opened the door slowly to see Cas seated cross-legged on the bed, naked, with his storm-cloud grey wings drawn up against his back. Cas was rocking back and forth slowly, probably attempting to calm his nerves. He shut the door and took off his shirt as he walked towards the bed. He had only seen Cas’ wings twice before, and it felt like seeing him with fresh eyes each time. “Christ, you’re beautiful, Cas…”
He decided not to swim across the whole lake, but instead take a hard left to the shore and run around the lake to confuse them. Dean hoisted himself out of the water and watched the Leviathans follow him on the water for a moment to judge their speed. He gripped his blade tighter and bolted.
“Do you feel better than last night?” Cas nodded.
“Damn straight,” Dean said, “happy birthday to me!”
“Well, it’s my birthday, isn’t it? I’ve got big plans today. I haven’t had a free birthday in years!” Dean said, sitting down to the table.
Cas turned to look at Dean, walking backwards. “Are you coming with me, Dean?”
He climbed into the shower, scrubbing at his skin. It took Cas awhile to understand how bruises worked, and it was at this moment he missed his healing powers. If he was still an angel, he could dull his pain. Maybe then Dean wouldn’t worry so much. Cas was new to being human, but he was always able to see Dean’s pity. He would be an idiot to ignore it.
“Can you… can you tell me you’re here? Please… I just- I just have to know.”
Dean spoke up. “Cas, hand me the phone.” Cas handed him the phone. “Look, Sam, he’s very weak and I’m not sure- … Okay. Okay.
but- … I know he wants to go home, but I don’t know what I’m supposed to do… Are you sure you can help?”
“Let’s get you dressed,” Dean said, walking to the bathroom to retrieve Cas’ clothes. Dean brought out his own t-shirt and jeans. “I wore your clothes because I thought these might be more comfortable. And they’re the cleanest. I hope that’s okay.”
Sam and Dean took a lap around the casino floor. Still no Cas.
Once Sam saw Castiel struggling to flip the pancakes, he got up to help. Grabbing another spatula from the drawer, Sam gently guided Cas away from the stove to aid him in his endeavor. He flipped a pancake over with practiced ease. Castiel furrowed his brow, annoyed, as Sam backed away to give Cas free reign over the kitchen appliance once again.
Cas answered without hesitation. “I want to go home. To the bunker.”
“Damn, you really are stupid. Let me make things simpler for you.” The demon let go of Cas’ hair and held the angel blade he stole earlier to Cas’ arm. “Where is Crowley?”
“I’ll be fine.” Dean cocked an eyebrow. “I can’t stay like this, Dean, please.”
Dean was going to give him everything.
They were silent, for once. The pause in their useless rhetoric was refreshing.
“I want to go home. Tonight,” Cas said into the phone. He looked Dean in the eyes while he said it, partially asking permission, partially conducting his own will.
Cas felt a fist collide with his stomach, hard. He could barely keel over in pain due to his restraints, so he let out a breathless shout instead. The demon grabbed Cas’ hair and yanked his face backwards, forcing Cas to make eye contact with him.
Dean fervently denied his helplessness. He kept his beard trimmed and his weapon sharp. He tried not to feel so stuck. Self preservation was the most important thing. Dean watched his back, but he watched himself even more.
“That would be preferable, but it’s quite an anathema among angels…”
“I didn’t. I thought he could’ve been with you.”
Cas couldn’t stand it anymore. Tears pricked at his eyes, threatening to fall as Dean helped him out of the bath. Cas clung to Dean as he dried him off.
“I can’t even believe it. We come to a steakhouse where everyone looks like they know J-Lo and you order a salad?” Dean joked.
Cas was surprised at the question. “He’s dead,” Cas said weakly. The demon slapped Cas across the face, hitting the side with the cut.
Cas stayed where he was. He kept himself by the water so he was only accessible on one side. He could rest, and his Grace would wake him at the presence of a Monster. Cas was grateful that the water let him feign safety. If he could lure Monsters in and pretend he was safe, he could pretend Dean was safe too.
“-don’t know how this happened so fast…” Dean swiveled around to face the bed. There was a sudden spike in his scent, like the aftertaste of alcohol. “Fuck, Cas, I don’t… I don’t know what to do. There’s this instinct in me- to help you. But I don’t know how far it’s gonna take me.”
At this moment, Dean remembered they were out in the open. “If we go somewhere safer can you keep listening?” Cas nodded, still absorbed in his task.
Once Cas was limp and simply mumbling to himself, Dean pulled out and brushed the sweaty hair off of Cas’ forehead. “Hey, open your eyes, Cas,” he said. Cas opened his eyes lethargically. “Look…”
For a second, Cas felt like he was swimming alone in the abyss with no one to guide him.
“I miss… your soul…” Cas said, bringing a hand to Dean’s chest.
There was laughter. Cas froze.
Dean furrowed his brow, confused. “Who’s taking it away?” Cas looked down and shook his head. Dean reached for his wrist and spoke softly. Cas trembled at the sudden contact. “Cas, I’m not upset, I promise. Tell me what’s happening, angel.”
He couldn’t believe what he was about to do.
“I guess you’re right,” Dean agreed, standing up. He reached out a hand to Cas and pulled him up. He looked a little out of it, but Dean was sure he was just tired. “Are you sure you don’t want to rest?”
In all the areas where Dean pulled out feathers, the tips of newly grown down were starting to poke through. Dean continued to touch the underside of one of Cas’ wings.
Dean sat Cas down on the edge of the counter and started running some water. He took off Cas’ tie, suit jacket, and ripped shirt, discarding them onto the floor. Cas took off his shoes and socks, followed by his dress pants. He took a washcloth and pressed it to Cas’ face. The blood there was dried, and the cut was fairly shallow.
He could see Dean biting back a
Cas’ thrusts grew languid and tired the longer he went, physically exhausted from the need. His fifth orgasm racked his body and he buckled forward helplessly.
“Dad had to come pick me up and everything. He was so mad.” Dean shook his head and laughed dryly, taking another drink of whiskey. “God, this steak is so good. How’s your… salad, Sam?” Dean narrowed his eyes.
“Shhh… these are my big plans, baby.” Dean whispered, carding his fingers through Cas’ hair. “I’ve got something in mind for dinner, but all I wanna do is be with you today.”
Dean hushed Cas softly, attempting to quell his hysteria, then grazed the area where the base of his wings fused with his skin in a gentle gradient. Cas wailed, letting that desperate cry release all his pent up energy. He threw his head back, grinding down on Dean's cock with the force of the pleasure. It was almost too much for him to take, but Cas was nearing the edge and welcomed the overstimulation.
“Three, two, one.” Cas yelped. Dean let the feather fall to the ground as he rubbed Cas’ back affectionately. He gave Cas a little time to recover. “Only about five more, Cas. Almost finished, you can do it.”
“Mmmm, can’t,” Cas said, squirming.  “Need you. Now. Please, please-”
Dean chuckled. “Last time I checked, it was still there, baby.”
“He looks awful, Dean,” Sam said quietly as he drove, glancing in the rear view mirror at Cas. “What the hell even happened?”
His head spinning, Dean rushed to his side, turning Cas so that his back was flat on the ground. He squinted and placed his fingers to Cas’ neck, exhaling in relief when he felt a pulse.
Cas followed as Dean rushed up the rocky hill. The exit began flickering more violently as they approached. The wind was picking up due to the force, kicking dirt into their eyes. Dean squinted at the portal. “What’s happening?!”
Sam followed Dean over to where Cas was lying on the bed. Dean gently shook him awake. “Hey, baby. Sam’s here. He brought food. Do you want some?”
Nearly all his feathers on the outer edges were missing, disintegrated and torn off upon entry. The feathers that were still holding on were bloody and matted. The wings hurt to bend at the joints, and there were broken bones interspersed throughout. The longer, thicker feathers gave the wings the appearance of some shape, but Cas could tell they were rendered uneven when he saw his reflection in the water. He tried to keep them from dragging and touching the ground, but it often hurt to keep them outstretched.
that he had to pull away for a moment.
Dean eagerly obliged and pounded into Cas exactly where he wanted, holding his hips still and tight as he did so. Cas’ bent over, hands flying to Dean’s shoulders, and his wings curled inwards involuntarily before crashing outward again, sending a gust of air through the room. Dean was thankful that he didn’t keep many objects around his bed; Cas’ wings were powerful enough to knock over anything in their path if they were so inclined.
Dean took one last survey of the area and turned to check on Cas. “Everything okay?”
“Holy shit,” he said when he caught his breath a few moments later. He pulled himself upright and stretched out his aching legs. He chuckled dryly. “That was really something Cas. I almost didn’t think you were gonna come for-”
Dean swiped the blade through the neck of the Leviathan that was pinning him down. Another came at him from the side, and he elbowed it in the chest, launching it back enough for him to swivel around and cut it’s head off as well.
“Cas!” Dean snapped, irritated, as he pulled away. He inhaled through his nose, trying to keep his composure.
There was so much connection emanating from this simple act of touch. It wasn’t overly sensual or prying, but Cas could feel the hum of Dean’s Humanity in every feather that he stroked. He could feel Dean’s admiration of his wings, as well as his want for him to get better. Cas flinched away, a bit red in the face.
The next second, there was a searing pain as whatever force that pulled him out of Purgatory recognized his angelic nature.
“Hey, breathe, Cas,” Dean murmured softly. He traced his thumb on Cas’ wrist as he cried. Cas slowly leaned in and Dean opened his arms to tell him it was okay to come closer. Cas fell into him and twisted his hands into the fabric of Dean’s jacket.
“You do what feels right for you, okay? Go slow if you need to- I don’t want you to hurt yourself,” Dean said with resolve. Cas nodded. Dean’s excitement was palpable, but Cas knew he still meant it.
“I think they still work,” Dean said, “Lemme go request a song for you.” Dean slid out of the booth, smiling. Cas took a slip of his milkshake and watched Dean insert a quarter into the machine. He thumbed through the song options, selected one with a grin, and walked back to the table. Dean had the stupidest grin on his face. “Let’s kick it up a notch!” he professed, leaning back in the booth as the previous song finished out.
“Yes,” Cas said as he felt Dean bottom out inside of him. “Oh- Oh, Dean…”
“And for you?” He said, looking at Cas.
Cas screwed his eyes shut, attempting to distract himself from the pull of emotion. He resolved to use his depleting Grace to get Dean out of there. In and out, Cas thought. Just a quick teleportation. There and back.
“What… what do you remember?” Dean asked, scratching the back of his neck.
He had to act fast. Cas opened his eyes quickly, and there he was. His Dean, running towards him, chased by a number of Leviathans. Cas gasped for air as he saw the Leviathans and Dean, and he realized the reality of what was happening. Dean looked surprised to see Cas, but he charged the few yards to Cas even faster. He outstretched a hand and Cas did the same, and as soon as they connected, they were back near the water.
“Fuuuck, Dean, more, more,” he begged as Dean started to thrust into him. It was slow and practiced, but Cas was moaning like a damn pornstar. It wasn’t very long until Cas was cumming in thick rope across their stomachs.
“I asked you a question, featherweight,” the demon snarled. Cas could only whimper weakly, still unable to find his bearings.
“From my experience, humans do enjoy extended metaphors and innuendo in popular music.” Cas responded. When he became human, Cas started to enjoy music even more than he already had. He had the freedom to sing and to dance… not that he hadn’t before. It just felt different now. Dean snorted, finishing his burger. He slid the paper-lined basket over to Cas.
Dean shushed him softly, calmly removing Cas’ arms from his trench coat. “Don’t worry about it right now, baby. Let’s just focus on getting clean for a minute, hm? God, I haven’t had a real shower in… hell, a year?” Cas mustered a smile and leaned his head forward to look at Dean for a moment. His eyes seemed bluer than they did in Purgatory. He missed that blue.
Dean was spat out of the exit rougher than he would’ve liked. He lost his footing and felt his shoulder hit the pavement before he even opened his eyes again. He heard a sound like a generator shutting down and the portal closed, zipping up Purgatory, barring it from the rest of the world.
Looking around and trying to regain his bearings, Dean realized he was in an alleyway. It was covered in bright graffiti, the dimming sunlight casting shadows upon the corners of the bricks. Cas was lying under where the portal closed, unmoving.
“Ah, ah… yes.” Cas breathed out shakily. Dean held his hips, willing him to stay upright. He was happy to give Cas whatever he needed, but for now he was content with watching his angel have his fun.
Nevertheless, he stayed alert. Cas was a beacon, and he had to be careful. The Monsters, the Leviathans… they didn’t care if Cas was lonely. They could smell the Grace on him, and that made him an easy target.
“Holy shit,” was the first thing Dean said when he felt the water hit his skin. He stayed pressed close to Cas, offering stability when Cas needed it. The water ran a deep, rusty color down the drain, saturated with nearly a year’s worth of filth. Dean scrubbed both of them down until the water ran clear again and the scent of Purgatory was replaced with sweet, orange scented shampoo.
His loud moans turned to breathless gasps of pleasure the longer they went at it. Dean wasn’t as exhausted as Cas, just amazed at his behavior. He was gearing up for his second orgasm when Cas rolled them over.
Cas shook his head. “No. I always thought it would be more dangerous.”
to make him feel better. It was so hard to see Cas in this subtle pain. His muscles looked tense and his expression was knotted. Dean knew he was hiding part of it for him.
“And I’ve got you.” Dean smiled. “It won’t take long to walk, but once the Leviathans see us they’re going to attack. We have to be ready. How many do you think there are?”
An hour and a half later, a knock came at the door. Dean leapt out of bed. He unlocked the door and opened it wide, and there was Sam, holding a bag of fast food. Dean pulled him into a hug immediately. He didn’t say a word, and neither did Sam until they pulled away.
“Can you hear what they’re saying?” Dean asked. “What are they?”
“I didn’t know what to grab from your room, so I just grabbed my own clothes. I hope that’s okay,” Dean said, handing the stack of clothes to Cas.
There was the other side of it, however; Dean was coming. Cas didn’t know from where, or when, or how, but he was coming.
“Owes you- You know what, I don’t even wanna know.”
“Don’t look at me…” Cas said, his voice muffled by the blankets. He wriggled beneath them, clearly some kind of uncomfortable that Dean couldn’t identify.
“Are you hurt?”
“Am I?” Cas said, surprised, wiping a hand across his forehead. “I wasn’t aware that I could…” He trailed off. A look of worry crossed Dean’s face.
Cas laid down and shut his eyes, this time with Dean by his side from the beginning.
“Which are…” Dean pondered, still not completely grasping the angel part of Cas.
“I’m not scared, I’m just… vertiginous.” Cas said. Dean just held his hand and squeezed it when he knew the gory parts were coming.
“You sure you can handle it?” Dean said, pulling out abruptly and smirking.
Dean sighed. “Fine. But I’m not gonna let you use your Grace, understand?” Cas nodded. Dean looked around. “You’re gonna need a weapon.”
Once again, Cas felt the longing. That void that laid in Dean’s heart when he was gone appeared in his Humanity again, and Cas felt every shred in his failing body.
Dean wasted no time teasing him. “Yeah? You want me to fuck you open with my fingers?” Cas nodded and his eyes squeezed shut. “Tell me you want it, angel.”
“Oh, sorry Cas,” Dean said, redirecting his attention from the computer to Cas. He seemed a bit disheveled. “What’s going on?”
Cas groaned in response and then hummed slightly, trying to respond.
“Look, we don’t have another plan. Plus, he owes me one.”
“Well, you can have anything you want.”
He was growing tighter by the minute, and Dean wasn’t sure how much longer either of them were going to last. Up until this point, Dean had been afraid to touch Cas’ wings. He knew they were sensitive, and he didn’t want to risk overstimulating Cas. However, Cas looked so beautiful chanting his name like a prayer, his eyes opening and closing as he rode his own waves of pleasure, that he couldn’t resist anymore. So, in a moment of boldness, Dean ran a hand over the upper coverts of Cas’ right wing.
“No. That feels better, actually. Relaxing,” Cas said, his tone of voice betraying his actual words. “You can… you can start pulling now.”
“Hi, Sam,” he said, still a bit raspy from sleep and whatever else was wrong with him.
“How long do you think it’ll take us to get there?”
“Leviathans,” Cas mouthed in return, a look of panic rushing across his face. “Too many.”
“Yours. Please.” Cas was so tired. “Smells like you,” he said before he could stop himself. The walk to Dean’s room was full of coddling and hushed words, a desperate assurance that Cas figured was more for Dean than him at this point. His embarrassment absorbed none of the words, but the omega in Cas soaked in the sound of Dean’s voice and the feel of his hands on his shoulders.
Reaching in the trunk for the first aid kit, Sam didn’t say a word. Dean looked like he was about ready to snap. He could smell the worry and blame seeping out of Dean. Sam opened the back door of the car for him and Cas and got in the driver’s seat. He helped Dean lay Cas on the backseat. Dean climbed in the back and laid Cas’ head on his legs.
“How are you holding up, Cas?” Dean asked, offering support as they walked.
“Can you feel my Grace?” Cas asked quietly.
“I’m not certain, but don’t think that eight days will be enough time to fully restore my Grace. I might be powerful enough to get to the other side alive, but I’ll need more time if you don’t want to trouble yourself with me when I’m under the…” Cas explained, struggling through the idiom.
feeling. Like I was being drained.”
He was dead, and there was no need for sleep. There was a need for rest, for protection, and Dean spent most of his nights resting. It was a nice reward for fighting and walking all day. He watched for nocturnal creatures, but few attacked during the night.
Dean started to walk into a clearing up ahead. “Dean, what are you-”
once again, thanks for taking the time to read! i appreciate you <3
The sound of the Leviathans chasing after him and Cas made Dean run faster than he thought he could. Twigs from bushes and trees along the path scratched at their ankles and arms as the Leviathans grew closer. Cas kept pace beside him, though he looked weaker than he had a few moments ago.
With his fading Grace leading his heart, Cas sent his feelings to Dean. He connected Dean’s longing to his own, squirming and reeling, and pulsed his answer straight to Dean. There were no words. There were none that could capture what Cas felt. All that was needed was a piece of himself sent out to Dean through the night.
“Everything.”
“Sam, the box said three minutes on each side,” Castiel said, frowning. “It’s been two and I can already smell the batter burning.” He peeled the edge of a pancake from the pan. The outside was nearly black, but the inside was still runny.
Cas hightailed after him. “Are you insane?!”
“Absolutely.” Dean answered firmly. Nevertheless, Sam grabbed an empty bread basket and followed Dean through the kitchen’s swinging doors. They entered, not making eye contact with a single soul. Stepping swiftly to the back of the kitchen, they abandoned their items and walked through a door marked “VIP” at the back.
“I’m serious.”
“No…” Cas stirred and inhaled abruptly as he tried to sit up. “Hi, Sam.”
“Just let go,” Dean said reassuringly. “It’s alright. I’ve got you, Cas.” With that, he placed a hand on Cas’ wing and curled his fingers roughly, raking through the feathers. Cas cried out in a mix of pleasure and pain, clawing at Dean’s back.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean lifted the lid to reveal a woven leather bracelet with the initials ‘DW’ embossed into a metal plate in the center. He smiled. “Cas, it’s beautiful, angel.”
He jiggled the handle. Locked.
__________
“Umm… is there anything I can get you?” The flannel over Cas’ head shook. “No? Are you hurt?”
” Dean took one last glance over the page.
“Um, yes…” Cas said. This was going to take more humility than he thought. “There’s just some feathers that I can’t reach… Can you assist me? Please?” he said quickly.
Dean and Cas travelled towards the exit for about five days. There were minimal attacks from Purgatory’s more permanent residents, all handled with swift ease by Dean.
“I will. I will now, okay?” Dean stood and picked up the receiver. He stalled for a moment, seemingly in thought. Cas felt a wave of Dean’s internal struggle rush through him. Suddenly, he understood. He felt this need to protect Cas: out of love, out of fear… Both kept Dean’s hand poised over the buttons instead of dialing them.
Dean chuckled and took Cas’ hand. “It’s under the weather, Cas. As long as we can get out of here with you safe, I don’t care how long it takes. And if you get hurt again, I promise I’ll be there. And you know a Winchester promise ain’t for nothing.”
Sam opened the first aid kit and tossed Dean a handful of gauze pads. Dean started pressing them to the deepest parts of Cas’ cuts as Sam drove off out of the parking lot and onto the highway back home.
Cas stopped. “Did you hear that?” he said quietly, holding his blade at the ready, holding a hand out in front of Dean for his protection and his own reassurance.
“Dean, relax. Let’s just go check the bathroom.”
Cas tried to concentrate. He picked himself up carefully, wincing at the sudden pull of gravity on his wings, and focused on seeing Dean. He squeezed his eyes shut and searched, searched for any possible sign of where Dean was.
“No! Please don’t touch- please don’t come any closer…” Cas shuddered.
“If you won’t tell me where Crowley is, I’ll have to beat it out of lover boy myself.” Cas hated the thought. He shut his eyes, arm still stinging, and tried to calm his spinning human mind. When Cas said nothing for too long, the demon ripped open Cas’ dress shirt with the blade, cutting his chest in the process.
Cas drew his knees against his body and curled into the corner of the bathtub, mortified. “Yes.”
__________
“I already know. Your Humanity told me,” Cas whispered. He didn’t want anyone else to hear it but Dean. “I love you, Dean.”
please-”
“Heya, Cas.”
Cas tried to stay as still as he could, even while crying. It made him feel a little better, even though he was petrified. The fact that Dean was helping gave Cas a sense of security; he could never do this alone.
“Of course I am, dumbass.” Dean said, following Cas northwest.
Yes, it hurt to pull the feathers out, but Cas had experienced the pain before and after small incidents throughout his life. It was the shame that came with being out in the open and the possibility of being heard by Dean that weighed on him.
He was nearly immobile at this point, so he gave in. He gave up the mistrust in his foreign human body and inexplicable biological functions, all the mistrust he had left in Dean’s judgement- and it felt amazing.
__________
What was unusual, however, was the scent emanating from Cas and the growing warmth in his abdomen as he knelt by the bathtub.
Cas smiled, gazing up at Dean the same way Dean looked at him. Cas could feel both of their heartbeats speed up and then even out to the same slow pace as they basked in each other’s presence.
Dean bit his lip.
“Hurts…” Cas said weakly when Dean stopped. He sniffed and his chest heaved.
He wanted to go home.
Cas let out a low whine and took it upon himself to straddle Dean as quickly as he could. His wings helped hoist him up to knock Dean onto his back. “I’ll do it myself then,” Cas said, offering a smirk with the same caliber as Dean’s.
“... Gabriel.”
Cas screamed in pain, trying so damn hard to focus on an answer. “I-I don’t know what to tell you! Crow...Crowley died three years ago!” Cas spoke quickly, not wanting to get hit or punched or sliced again. To his surprise, the demon backed away. Cas, breathless, reluctantly asked, “What do you want with Crowley?”
__________
Cas agreed and allowed Dean to lead him behind a tree, out of sight from the clearing. He was sheltered by Dean on one side and the water on the other. Cas felt safer than he had in weeks. Although he was about to go through the most humiliating process ever, at least he was doing it protected and alone.
Cas let himself breathe in Dean’s citrus-scented clothes as Dean held him close to his chest. Dean was a tough guy, but Cas knew he lived for this stuff. He was always reaching out, always touching, always protecting, and that was what drove him forward. Cas enjoyed being Dean’s; it meant Dean would keep moving forward with him.
“Sure thing,” Sam said, following Dean out the door as he carried a half-asleep Cas to the Impala. Dean laid him across the backseat, and he was out like a light before they even started moving.
“Dean,” he breathed out, low and panicked. The other voices faded. “The exit. They’re guarding the exit.”
“I, uh, thought you might be hungry,” he said, holding out the paper bag to Dean.
“I’m right here, baby. I’m almost done. Just a few more by your back and I’ll be done, okay?” Cas nodded swiftly. He just wanted to get it over with.
“I got you, Cas, you’re gonna be alright,” Dean postulated, two fingers nudging hastily at Cas’ entrance. Cas keened in a mix of protest and anticipation, unsure of his level of control over his body. Dean hushed him, a hurried but careful hand sweeping over Cas’ stomach as two of his fingers pressed in.
Anxiety flared in Cas. He was truly relieved that help was on the way, but his self-conscious nature returned. Cas hung his head low.
Cas bit his lip. “I was, uh, getting ready earlier. For later. But you kind of surprised me.”
“Hm?” Cas hummed, too tired to show how surprised he was. “Oh… I was out of control…”
When the pleasure died down and his headspace became clearer, Dean pushed Cas backwards. As soon as Cas’ head hit the pillow, Dean was pounding into him like there was no tomorrow, fighting his own overstimulation.
As Dean continued kissing Cas’ lips, he started to feel something switch inside him. His own anxieties were replaced with Cas’ pain, twisting and unfurling in his stomach with every slide of his lips. The curious part of him pushed on until his skin set on fire and ached with phantom pain, transferred to him by Cas. There was so much weight... it was suffocating.
“Well, you’d do the same for him,” Sam said.
“It’s alright, you’ll get better,” Dean said. “We’ve got nothing else to do until Sam gets here. It’s a three hour drive, but considering we just came back from the dead, he’ll probably be here in two. Do you want to rest a little more?”
Dean’s room was plain, but Cas liked it that way. He used his room mostly for storing clothes and personal belongings, and his bed was just a small cot that they had never replaced after Cas went mortal. Dean’s room was functional, mechanical almost, but there was a certain comfort in the uniformity that Cas have never appreciated. Cas slept with Dean most nights, unless Dean was out on a hunt or he wanted to be alone. Dean’s bed was warmer, softer, and more permanent.
__________
No answer.
“Baby, please! Stop it, Cas!” Dean commanded with a final push away from Cas. Their lips disconnected and his head spun as the pain rapidly faded from his body. Cas, eyes wide with shock, fell back against the headboard as the agony returned to his body.
“Cas…”
“Almost there, Cas. It’s gonna be okay.” Cas gripped him tightly. “Good, Cas. Stay with me.”
The Leviathans got out of the water faster than Dean expected, and they saw his plan of evasion. They followed on foot, running faster than Dean could. One of them would catch up eventually. Dean thought of hiding, but he didn’t want to risk being trapped. He thought about going up, but none of the trees around him looked scalable. Dean tried to think as quickly as he could while running through the trees. Twigs snapped under his heavy feet as he began to struggle for breath.
“Please, I’m in a really tight spot - if there’s anything you can do…”
“What?” Cas said. He started towards the end of the bed, sitting down next to Dean. He handed Cas the bowl of ramen.
“Me too, angel...” The warmth of Dean’s body against his sparked something in Cas, and he cried out from the edge. He clutched Dean tightly, hesitant to fall over that edge so powerfully. Dean kept holding Cas firm. “I’ve got you, Cas, let go.”
Dean served himself a slice of the breakfast-pancake-birthday-cake and took a bite. “Holy shit…” he said, closing his eyes.
Something deep in his bones told him this was where he died.
__________
Halfway through the meal and three rounds of whiskey later, Cas was feeling a bit dizzy. He was just a little buzzed, feeling happy and wonderful. Sam and Dean were presently in a conversation about Dean getting drunk, underage.
“Swing it!” Dean shouted a little too loudly, throwing his arms up at the end. Cas clapped for him and another couple joined in, having seen Dean’s little performance for his boyfriend. Dean and Cas laughed, smiling at the other couple.
But standing in his bedroom, his cheeks wet with silent tears, Dean didn't have the strength to push his best friend away. He didn't have it in him to tell Cas why he should leave Dean behind, because every part of him needed Cas. He needed him so desperately that he couldn't do the right thing. He was weak, and he was selfish.
The train began to slow, and the gorgeous blue eyed stranger looked behind himself at the sign on the subway station wall.
“And? Sam! Come on man!” Dean pleaded, irritation coating his voice.
In moments like those, with the world pushing in from every side, Dean always searched for that switch and dimmed it as low as he could without turning off his emotions altogether. It would leave him feeling robotic, a mechanical instrument that existed solely to save lives and keep his company safe. But that day, as Dean reached for that switch, his eyes landed on something that refused to allow him to push it all away.
“Where are you going?” Castiel asked, worried look on his face.
Castiel seemed to brighten at that. “Yes, I agree.” They fell back into silence for another minute, each man sipping his coffee in a manner that would appear casual to an outsider. “Perhaps we could tell the realtor about the kind of place we’d like to have, and disregard whether the home is for rent or purchase until we decide we want it.”
Dean didn't answer, he just let his smile widen to match the sweet one Cas wore.
Dean smiled.
“Hey.” Castiel’s voice came over the line and Dean felt a piece of him settle. “Are you still in New York?”
Sam rolled his eyes at his brother’s obvious lie. “Yeah. Right.”
that. He didn’t like the idea of Castiel moving on and finding someone.
Gabriel looked at his bare wrist and sighed. “I’m afraid I’ll have to let you win this one, Lassie. I’ve got quite the schedule to keep.”
Dean checked his hair out in the window again, and practiced what he would say when he caught Castiel off guard.
“Yes. But I’m not sure if it matters. If you’re happy here—”
“African-?“ Castiel cut himself off and laughed. “African rain sticks?”
Suddenly, Dean could feel a heat spread through his body and a tingling feeling  in his stomach. The familiar sound of wings flapping came from behind him.
“Hello Mother, Father,” Castiel greeted. He tried to keep his voice from shaking. “I’ve…I’d like you to meet someone.”
“Well, that’s nothing new.” Castiel began pulling clothes from his bag and hanging them up in his closet. “I rather regret not putting a deadbolt on my bedroom door.”
“So, you and Bon Jovi gunna pull through?”
“How about I just promise to recreate the scene so often that you never forget?”
“Impressive. Family?”
Except, now he lives there again.
That roll of film, only one of three they had filled that day, would be full of pictures of Castiel and Dean, and of strangers they met on the streets of New York.
A few seconds later, the gruff voice of one Dean Winchester echoed over the receiver.
“True, but that doesn’t mean he can’t care about you. Some people just care, Alex.”
Oliver held out his hands in invitation for them all to sit around the table.
“It says a lot about their expectations, though,” Dean said carefully. “I mean, I knew you guys were well off, but geez, Cas. This is another level.”
Dean sucked in a shallow breath out of necessity. He kept his eyes on Cas but was at a loss of what to say. He couldn't think.  His feelings were overwhelming him and he had to put a hand on the shelf behind him to steady himself.
It was then that Castiel realized he wasn’t leaving his family behind on Thanksgiving. His true family was coming with him.
Dean looked at Castiel again, his fingers stumbling over the chords that he had just barely learned. He gave him his most charming smile, before belting out the next part of the song.
Sam was right, he really
“What?”
“Good idea,” Dean replied, letting out another happy sigh. He really was sleepy, and Castiel’s hands stroking up and down his naked thighs was lulling him closer and closer to dreamland.
“I liked those sounds you were making back there, Dean,” Gabriel said through his grin. “My brother must have real talent.” He wiggled his highbrows then looked over to Castiel. “Runs in the family I bet.”
Dean backed up towards the airport with his hands raised. “Nothing man, chill.”
“I should probably get some booster shots when I get back,” Dean mumbles to himself, but its barely a thought at all because his mind is just chaos, chaos suffocating in the warm blanket this place keeps wrapping him in. He rubs his hands over his face and tries to focus. He hopes Sam is already with Eileen; he hopes they’re sharing the first moments of their eternity together. He can’t imagine what it feels like for his brother. He must miss his wife…whatever her name was, Dean didn’t catch it actually, but he knows Sam loved her. Fake reality or not, Sam had a whole life without Dean and without Eileen and he wouldn’t be surprised if Sam has a hard time adjusting to his new reality.
Castiel’s eyes flew wide. He didn’t usually sleep so much in one day, but the traumatic pre-Thanksgiving trauma he experienced probably sucked some of the life out of him. Emotions tended to be exhausting.
“That’s good man.” Dean said, slapping his brother on the back. “I’m proud of you.”
“No, not bad. A little uncomfortable, but not bad. I did say I would help you out.”
Dean put all questions about his feelings for Cas in a box and shut it up tight.
“Woah, woah,” Gabriel replied, still smiling. Castiel gritted his teeth. The smile was different than the one “Dick” had worn earlier. The teeth were all wrong. They weren’t missing and yellowed. They were perfectly fine, aside from a little overbite. He had been wearing false teeth before. “Careful little lady,” Gabriel continued. “Don’t want to hurt yourself with those big words.”
The phone rang.
Cas’ face fell noticeably and Sam searched out his eyes again, wanting to comfort his friend.
One last screw before he threw Castiel away.
The apartment was dark, but Castiel could tell it was utterly bare. There was a mattress without sheets in the middle of the floor, a dresser beside the mattress, and a few boxes, but other than that there was nothing inside.”
“Everything is going to be fine Cas. I promise.”
“I’m sorry.” Castiel blurted. “I shouldn’t...I didn’t...”
“Dean? Are you—”
They leaned into one another again, kissing softly and then melting into each other as they fell back asleep in each other’s arms.
But the more I thought about it, the more I realized how fucked up it was that I thought of myself that way. Not that I was willing to sacrifice myself for my friends, because, that’s just the human being in me, but the part of me that sacrificed just for the sake of sacrifice. Ever since my mom, it's like... If I do this, maybe…”
Dean ignored Cas. He walked over to the demon he had killed earlier with the demon knife and pulled it out of the demon’s chest. He moved quickly back to the other two demons who were writhing on the floor.
Dean blinked forcibly, his body  shuttering as he fought against it. Dean’s eyes flitted between red and clear water. The sting from the cuts on his knuckles came and went as his bloodlust ebbed and flowed. He could feel himself being pulled in two directions, ripping him apart from this inside. The red receded greatly as he heard Cas tell him he loved him. It receded enough to let Dean see what Cas really looked like at that moment. He saw the bruised and bloodied face of the man he had fallen for. He saw the torment in the angel’s eyes, the fear and anguish he had put there. The red began to push again. Pushing at his edges, seducing him into not caring about the broken man before him.
After a few moments, Dean couldn’t help but cough obnoxiously, forcing the girls to separate. He was surprised to find a blush running across Jo’s cheeks. He smirked at her.
“And, you know,” Sam started hesitantly, “it’s not like you’re getting any younger. I mean, there are other things you could be doing, things you’ve talked about—“
“Thanks,” Charlie responded with a smile. “Did you get my playlist samples? I didn’t hear back-”
Dean was stunned for all of ten seconds before he let out a laugh of his own. “Man, Cas, you’re on a role, aren’t ya?”
“Hello!” Castiel said with a wide smile, standing up to hug her. “How are you Anna? It’s been so long.”
Really, Dean thought, I should’ve known. Cas had always shown up when Dean wanted him, even when Dean himself didn’t know that he wanted...needed him.
“It reminds me of you.” Said a voice that sounded like Dean’s. A voice braver than Dean’s. A sound that knew things that Dean wished he knew.
“When I-eh- when he came to you, five years ago, and you, you said anything you need right? I asked you, I mean, he asked you to stay in the bunker, as a human. What did you say then? Please.”
“What the actual fuck dude?” Dean muttered, shaking his head.
Cas knew Dean better. He didn’t miss the fingers ever presently clutching the angel blade sitting casually on his lap, or the lack of eye movement away from Cas.
Cas understood at last. He hadn’t seen Dean’s happy place at all. He had seen Dean’s nightmares. He was sure of it now.
“Like my husband, you fucking copy!” Who the hell do you think?”
Dean wished for equality. Wished that he wasn’t always so below the world around him. In some ways, sometimes, it felt as though he had left a part of him in Hell. A part of him that even Cas didn’t know how to retrieve.
Sam’s forehead creased, the flame hitched, and the streetlamps cast elongated furniture shadows along the walls and bathroom door.
Cas was water.
My turn now. Why do you look like him?” Dean’s head tilted. “Exactly like him,” he muttered, eyeing Cas up.
He stopped. Just like those times before. A before of Dean covered in more guts than clothes, more spite than spirit, and one single motivation left. Monster hearts weren’t the only thing spilled in purgatory. Dean’s guts might have shown a little too, but thankfully without leaving his body.
Cas pushed passed it, swallowing that train of thought down hard. It didn’t go down smooth.
“What’s wrong with you anyway,” Dean said, peering over him with mounting curiosity and dissipating anger.
Cas was gone. When had he left? Dean didn’t notice.
Sam rolled his eyes and grunted in response. “Fine, don’t tell me.”
Cas stormed over and grabbed Dean’s arm. He yanked Dean free of his own twin.
“Sammy, hey I -” Dean began, turning away in sync with Castiel. Dean’s spun around so perfectly with his own double, it was a dance. A perfect waltz, with the two of them even holding hands.
He wished he knew a lot of things.
It didn’t need to be said. A weight settled between angle and friend, heavy as the knowledge undoubtedly was to Dean’s loved ones.
The clock blinked stupidly back at him. Taunting him.
Sam sighed. Dean hadn’t realized just how much this was taking its toll on his little brother. Looking for Dean while he was taken over by Michael, the worrying. He didn’t even know when was the last good nice sleep either of them had.
“Dean, what-wh, wait, I, I don’t understand.” Sam turned to Cas, then back to Dean, in total shock.
Angels don’t breathe.
“Maybe to distract Dean, he’s not living in his worst memories. Maybe...Maybe, he’s trapped in the one thing he’s never had before.
To say Dean was confused was an understatement. He normally felt so utterly in sync with Cas, that to not be able to read him felt wrong in every way. If only he could just know what Cas was thinking. If only he didn’t have to have the conversation that he knew they were about to have. If only he could go back to before Michael, before it all. Back 6 years to when he wished with his full heart and soul, that he told a new human to stay.
How could anyone resist? On the rare occasion that was tonight, Dean had nothing left to lose. Sam had burned the rest down. He was left to die. Left to stay dead. And Cas was his. Cas heard his prayers in purgatory. And he still heard them when he was belched free into a world that made less sense. Once again they were back together, sown into the chaos. Sown together under the moonlight. Cas had heard so much of it before.
“Get away from him,” he growled, using Dean’s voice, only...wrong.
Dean was more confused than ever. He was glad Cas broke the silence first, but he had no idea where he was going with it.
His face flushed with a shame so bone-deep, he was shaking. How could he ever think that Dean could love something so broken? With a soul like Dean’s, that outshined his father himself. Of course, he could only see Cas as a friend at best.
Dean sighed. He wanted Cas. Oh, boy did he. But to have Cas see him now. Dean hadn’t had a proper chance to prepare. He didn’t have a chance to hide his eyes.
He could effortlessly illuminate anything he shined his light on, except for Dean. Dean was an icicle left behind to melt when the seasons changed. He had no choice with what he turned into. All his choices formed by those around him. What did the moon care about melted ice?
“Thanks.”
How to breathe.
Time stood still and an eternal torment later, sounds emerged with the rising sun.
Sam looked crestfallen at the confession. Dean could see how that was hard to say. It was worse to hear.
A knock at his door nearly made him jump. What the hell, it was at least, Dean checked the clock, three in the morning. It briefly dawned on him that he had to “check the clock” to see the time. He only was staring at it for the past few hours, apparently not comprehending a thing.
My angel.
Dean tried to break free of Cas’ grip, but he held on tighter still. A flashing thought warned him against bruising Dean, but his logic held. It helped to know that bruises in Dean’s head didn’t translate into the real world. Not physically anyway.
“Thank you.”
Curiosity Cas could handle. But he still couldn’t handle basic speech.
“I’m sorry.”
Dean, enough!” Cas exploded. “Enough, okay? You’re not protecting me, or helping me, or whatever you think you’re doing by lying. I’m so done lying.” Cas took a deep breath.
Cas nearly jumped. He couldn’t explain it, but he wasn’t expecting Dean to answer him.
that it was up to Cas to convince Dean that he was dreaming.
Cas, Cas, Cas, Cas.
Dean had approached Cas while he had been focused on locking the door. His face was so close to Cas’ that he could feel his breathing. Something sharp was poking his side.
Back in the car, back in his seat, back in his head. Dean looked up at the moon. It was full again tonight. The moon was so much better than a tide. Water wasn’t always around, but nighttime wasn’t only Dean’s time to come out. Cas appeared again.
He couldn’t get the words out. He said them to himself instead, a mantra in his own mind composed of a single word, like an unfinished thought, completed by a thousand reprimands.
“Deal!” Cas agreed, grateful for the olive branch, however small.
“Why do you keep looking at the moon?”
Cas, Cas, Cas, Cas.
Dean was torn. On the one hand, here was the out he didn’t ask for. He could play the whole thing off as a nightmare and leave it at that. Something told him not to. The same thing that told him that was the wrong thing to do, judging by the lost look on Cas’ face.
Like how Sammy could cry in his sleep and never know and did that mean that he did that too?
Dean shot Castiel a pleading hurtful look, but Cas was faster. The panty to the right was open, but not for much longer.
Cas briefly managed to feel bad for Sam. He had no clue what was flying, yet he was doing the utmost to be respectful about his obviously raging questions.
He waited in trepidation for Cas to say something, throw him out, hell, he was expecting Cas to punch him. The only thing he was not expecting was Cas to reclose the inches between them. He grabbed Dean by the back of his head, digging into his hair, and mashed their lips together.
Once inside, he flopped onto his rarely used bed. He stared at the bare white ceiling until his eyes burned. He closed them tightly, clearing his throat. A few drops of water slid past his chin.
He stayed that way for a while. Unmoving. Embracing his own patheticness.
“How long? Please. Please tell me.” He resisted the temptation to grab Dean’s collar as he leaned closer to Cas’ heap of a figure. Dean already thought of him as either pathetic or hostile, and Cas wasn’t in the business of encouraging either of those schools of thought.
He knocked.
The scuffle behind the door had quieted. Cas prayed that was a good thing. But Sam’s silence reminded him that he was not just here for himself and Dean. There was a lot more than just this cupboard at stake if he couldn’t get through to Dean.
Cas’ crazy eyes ceased roaming and snapped back to him. His head tilted slightly, questioning.
Here it comes. His secrets to be spilled out of those lips, to form shapes in reality with that tongue. Maybe Dean could handle it if that was how his secrets were to be giving life.
*****
Dean recoiled violently. Sliding several inches away from Cas on the bed. He gaped at him, at a complete loss of how to respond.
Cas cupped his cheek with a thumb.
Only once he was behind the wheel did he feel like he could breathe again. The smell of old leather, the familiar curve of the seat that had long ago molded to his body. It was the only thing Dean had that was just his.
Cas couldn’t blame him. Tears on his cheeks, strewn on the floor, couldn't string together a sentence. He pitied himself.
“I told him to stay.”
Dean regret that day?
“Okay, I… I won’t. I’ll just leave you alone then. I’m, fuck, I’m sorry Cas. I never meant to disgust you like that. Dean ran his fingers this his bed head. He pulled harshly, punishing himself.
He sat there, with the engine off, panting. Trying to get his breathing under control felt like he was fighting his instincts. As though he had just run a mile and was pretending not to be out of breath. A part of him wished to be alone, but a stronger, louder part of him desired someone to care for him in moments like this. He could never ask though. To ask for company felt pathetic, weak. Dean wasn’t actually above that. He knew he was weak, but he had an image to keep for his little brother. Maybe, maybe for Cas too.
He dove past Sam and nearly ran straight down the corridor to Cas’ room. When he got to the door, he froze. His throat was oddly tight with his heart in it. He didn’t know what to do.
Cas didn’t answer right away. Five years. That was a lot to take in. Cas had known Dean now for much longer, but in Dean’s mind, they would have...gotten married, long ago.
*****
Dean paused. Taking in the intense pleading. He tried drawing courage from it, but it was useless. He couldn’t think past his own embarrassment.
Dean studied Cas’ face, debating how much to reveal, or how much to press Cas’ knowledge of a situation he shouldn’t have known about in the first place. It was hard to say.
“Why do you look like him?”
As always on nights like this, the normal motel sounds muted against Dean’s lethargic breathing. No one was shouting beyond their room. No one driving past or pulling into the parking lot stumbling for a bed. There were no distractions because Dean wanted a distraction. He attempted to pair his breathing with Sam, but with each intake, Dean’s breathing hitched, his resolve crumbling piece by piece.
Dean pressed on. Fueled by the one thing he did best.
Cas’ stomach felt weird again when Dean didn’t pull away from their change in proximity. There wasn’t time to analyze anymore.
Words of wisdom came to Cas at that moment. From an old television program during his Netflix days. He seemed to recall the show being about homosexuals.
Sammy was already sleeping. Dean could tell because the rise and fall of his chest faltered like a candle failing to blow out. That’s what Sammy was.
“Sam…”
Cas held Dean in place, his thumb lightly rubbing Dean behind the ear. Dean’s body lit up like the bunker after a blackout. He still couldn’t move. Completely frozen by Cas’ words.
He could never seem to remember that when he wasn’t actually around him. When Cas left, Dean felt shame. Cas didn’t deserve someone like that in his life. Cas deserved the stars to his moon, not a puddle of, well, Dean. But when he returned, as much as Dean tried to deny it, he always returned, Dean would remember.
Dean just wanted to understand. Before Cas came into his- their, into their lives, Dean had only ever been truly close to one person. But there was always that barricade that Dean had built to prevent Sammy fully crossing the bridge that meant Dean could really open up to him.
Without realizing it, Cas had completely lost himself in Dean and what he had just seen. Cas was an angel. A former commander himself. Dean wasn’t the only master manipulator here. And Dean had just given Cas the perfect opening.
The scent of him filled the car. Replacing the old leather of Dean’s home with the living embodiment of it. Rain, and honey. The scent of safety. The scent of Dean’s heart.
“Oh hell no!”
“He’s...I’m...Husband?” I- I...”
His lips moved of their own accord, his eyes streaming. “How-how long,” he stammered, eyes cast to the floor.
Dean didn’t know what drove him. He didn’t have the first clue what he was going to say or even do. All he knew was one thought had finally taken over him. He finally had clarity for at least this one thing. He would not allow Cas to cry if there was any possibility of doing something about it.
Cas winced with the sound. It was his turn for Sam’s hand on his shoulder. He looked up to meet Sam’s doe-greys, watching him slowly. Sam’s mouth opened and closed, clearly fighting to say or not say something.
The rustle of cloth to his right was his only warning that his silent wish was granted.
“That makes two of us, Sammy.”  Dean shoved his body in front of Castiel. There was almost no part of them not touching with how close they were standing.
Since then Dean had been lying in bed, staring at his damn clock. Willing the changing numbers to hypnotize him to sleep. His head hurt like a bitch. He could feel Michael banging around in there. What was worse, Dean could hear him.
Dean almost laughed. Cas’ fingers felt good tugging on his hair, but he slammed their mouths together a little too painfully, a little too sloppily. Dean was devoted to fixing it. He wrapped an arm around Cas’ waist, pulling him in. He opened his mouth, stretching his tongue into all of his deepest fantasies. His mind went blissfully blank. His brain a fog of disbelief and remnants of a blinking clock.
He couldn’t resist. “Like who?”
Cas wasn’t aware of the throaty sound that left him, but it was enough to alert Dean to their presence.
Idiot! He knew better. Now wasn’t the time for make-believe. He had an angel to hold back and yet again, a world to save. No rest for the wicked.
His presence melted Dean back into the shape he was around Sam. Back into his cold icicle. Sam walked around and got into the passenger seat.
“I said, why are you so sure it was a nightmare?”
Uncontrolled tears swarmed Cas’ vision. He couldn't do it. He wasn’t strong enough. His greatest and strongest desire dangled in his face, and he was and yet was not, a part of it.
Dean’s grunt of effort brought Cas’ attention back to the struggle taking place only a few feet away. Dean was wrestling with Michael, grappling to get the upper hand. The angel blade discarded in a corner of the floor. Michael must have disarmed it from Dean while Cas was checking on Sam.
Cas felt a familiar pull that he didn’t resist. He allowed himself to be brought back to the bunker, back to real life, back to where Dean pretended not to be in love with him. Back where he would pretend not to have just heard what he had.
“What Dean!”
That night, Dean begged for sleep. Begged on bended knee… in his mind. He was above praying because there was no one to pray to who would care. Or rather, who would care the way Dean needed him too.
“Husbands...How long.” He felt like he needed to breathe suddenly, but then couldn’t. The word “husband” echoing over and over in his mind, replacing all cognitive functions.
Dean hated it when he got this way. When the nights ached by like someone dreading giving bad news. He wished he could burn down his barricade and let Sammy in, even just to ask for help.
Dean didn’t want to say what he knew came next. His best work was fighting the script, but his best friend was hurting, and it was his fault. He owed it to Cas to say it.
“Hey, Cas.”
This was a mistake. He shouldn’t have come into Cas’ room. He thought he was feeling heartbreak before, it was a pinprick compared to the thousand needles shredding him apart now.
And dressed. Dean was wearing the same clothes from yesterday, maybe that’s what tipped off Sam, and Sam was fully dressed and cleaned. How early did he get up then? Did this mean they were both allergic to sleep?
How did he know? Did Dean wake him when he had opened the door? He could feel the dichotomy between the Dean of three in the morning state of mind and the Dean now of six-thirty in the morning. He expected the Dean of now to be foggy from lack of sleep, but it never happened.
*****
there was no more room to move around.
“You’re welcome,” Sam said simply. He shut the door behind him.
Cas didn’t even have a chance to question what would come next before he was unexpectedly presented with the answer.
Taking care of his family.
Castiel was hugging Dean from behind, in the bunker’s kitchen. Castiel was softly nuzzling Dean’s ear and Dean...leaned into it. The two of them were standing so close that Cas would be surprised if there was room to slip a paper between them.
Dean sighed. He sat down, cross-legged, facing Cas. Between the two of them on the floor,
“Dean, listen to me! Remember! Remember Michael!”
*****
Cas, Cas, Cas
He fought back a snort. He shouldn’t expect Dean to be empty-handed. Dean was rarely without a weapon, even when he was sleeping. So why should a “day off”, if that's what this was, be any different.
Dean observed him in sleep the way he couldn’t quite manage when Sam was awake. Awake and judgmental.
Without words, Cas understood Dean’s plan. He lunged forward, grabbing Michael. Together, Dean and Cas managed to shove Michael into the pantry. Together they slammed the door shut, Dean pushing the lock in the slot, and Cas bolting it with his grace. They moved back in tandem, both staring at the vibrating door in trepidation. Michael banging to get out, shouting threats over the sound of Dean’s panting.
Sam placed a comforting hand on Dean’s shoulder. They exchanged the kind of look that Cas and Dean never did. A look of understanding that can only be passed between brothers. Dean’s gaze surrendered to it long enough to reassure sam, before retreating back to the safety of his downcast.
“If I am the moon Dean, it’s only because you are my sun.”
off him and walked purposefully out of the library. In the distance, they heard a door slam shut.
Dean swallowed hard. This conversation was intimate enough without the extra layer of physical difficulty.
Dean called him his husband...Well, not him per se, but still. Was this what Dean saw when he was happy. Cas had never dared to even dream. It was foolish to dream. But was it so foolish if Dean shared the same dream? Was it even possible?
A knock on the window made Dean jump.
Maybe he once had potential but it was gone in comparison to the heat of the flames or the stare of the moon.
On very few occasions, like tonight. Tonight with its hollow sounds, and wooden winds, holding together a perfect serenity. Stars blinked, visible through the small towns that still could see beyond the big pictures of cities. Smells that drifted lazily through the window to Dean’s nose. Like they simply had nothing better to do. Crickets that held their song the night before, blew out their symphony just for them.
his lips firmly -
He needed more. Fuck did he need more. He pulled his angel in closer, breaking away from those perfect lips to suck on his stubble neck. Dean had never been so turned on in his life. He was already aching all over.
Michael grabbed Cas by the back of his collar and flung him backward into the kitchen beyond. He landed roughly, head crashing into the cabinets. When Cas recoiled, ready for a fight, he left a head-sized dent in the wood.
Cas’ hands gently grabbed Dean on either side of his face. Like a sweet caress. Dean tried not to feel the electricity course through him from it, but that never worked before. His mouth opened in surprise. What was Cas doing? It was such an intimate gesture. One they had never done before. Dean couldn’t help but imagine Cas crossing the remaining distance and planting
Cas pulled stronger towards the memory he had stumbled upon an odd feeling in his gut.
Cas wasn’t sure what the connection was, but something had to be different. Was this all a ruse being played by Michael? How would that keep Dean compliant and unsuspecting? Unless…?
but Cas was stopping him.
Dean didn’t want to answer. But he knew delaying would speak louder than any lie he could tell, so he settled.
He looked down at Cas in confusion. He wanted to escape to his room, try his turn out at crying,
An argument broke out from behind the door. Sam was preoccupied with Castiel, which meant
Dean avoided Cas’ eyes and the inert Castiel in favor of gently guiding Sam back to consciousness. Sam groaned, clutching his head. Before Sam could fully regain consciousness,
Cas heart sunk. He shouldn’t be so affected but he couldn’t help it. This freak was pretending to care more about Dean, more about his pain than Cas did.
He closed his eyes tightly, fighting the moisture that seared in them, and closed his throat. It hit him then, that tonight was another sleepless night. There was no point in avoiding sleep that wouldn’t come.
Dean had stood up, poised, an angel blade still in hand.
Dean peered down at him, expression finally showing something other than anger or curiosity.
Cas’ voice grew deeper with each word until he had to clear his throat harshly. That was another thing Dean had never seen him do.
Dean wanted to sleep too. He really did. He wished he knew why he never could.
Castiel’s lips pursed, and his eyelids narrowed slightly. From knowing what he did, of what he had come to think of as his own face, he knew that Castiel was furious.
He could hear Dean speaking to him from the past. All of Dean’s happy moments echoed around him, bringing Cas back to that very time and place when the words were spoken directly to him.
He frowned. He wanted Cas to stay. He wanted Cas to- He wanted Cas.
Cas couldn’t be positive that was the moment. He got an explanation long after the whole Gadreel situation about why he had to be kicked out that day. That was the one and only time they spoke about it.
“Cas what the hell makes you think that was a nightmare?” Dean asked incredulously. Drawing courage from sheer shock.
couldn’t see if it was an Angel Blade or not, but it was unwise to call Dean’s bluff in any case.
Dean’s resolve grew from the small voice of reason. The same little voice responsible for his starting this conversation in the first place.
Cas shot him a “don’t fuck with me” look. Dean was just glad to be back on “reading” terms with him again.
“Yes Dean, obviously the nightmare Michael trapped you in!” He sounded so sure and exasperated.
Dean’s thoughts rattled around Michael’s personal racket like balls in a ping pong court. He wondered how much privacy he really had at the moment. Michael was mid-tantrum, yelling and banging things around, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t hear Dean’s inner dilemma. It was more likely that he just didn’t care.
Cas didn’t bring up how crushed he had been, and Dean didn’t let on if the guilt behind his rough voice was relevant. Cas had always wondered but been too afraid to ask. How much did
“Dean, are you okay?” Sam began slowly. “I mean, Michael, is he...um?”
“I think he’s crying.”
He was jolted out of his depressing thoughts by Sam shouting, “there!”
He shut his eyes tighter. He knew heartache when he felt it by now. But it never made it easier.
“Nothing, just...goodnight man.”
When Cas shifted to the floor, Dean backed off slightly, looking down at Cas from his new vantage point.
Cas nodded, though it wasn’t a question. He was getting a better handle of himself. Tears no longer ran free, and he no longer felt like a drowning human. Somehow, Dean interrogating him, however thinly veiled, was more common ground than Dean...then Dean…
Dean’s heart sprinted to his throat again. He couldn’t regret what he did, but he had never been so terrified of a kiss before.
Cas sighed, the first to break the connection. “Dean, I don’t blame you, I’m not even mad at you.”
It was Dean on Dean. Two Cas’ and two Dean’s, it was a strange day.
He wishes he knew what the hell drove Cas to act this way. He had literally never seen the angel cry before. Not once. Whatever was bothering Cas, must be huge.
“I said I’m fine Cas,'' Dean said still to the floor. Then, with sudden vigor, He pushed Sam’s hand
He was far too tired and shaken to fake composure. His every nerve, already so frayed, lit up in warning.
“Dean...”
Dean wished he knew a lot of things.
Cas pulled him off and Dean actually whimpered. He licked his lips around the ghost of Cas’ still lingering kiss.
“I get it, I really do. You don’t need to protect me because you don’t feel the same. I know you could never…” A stray tear slid down Cas’ face. Dean literally couldn’t look away as it fell pasted Cas’ lips.
When Dean’s green eyes, still half-laden in a smile, found Cas, his grin wiped off his face, to be replaced by a dark glare.
“Hello Dean,” came the gravelly voice. Right on cue.
Sam’s mind was spinning. It was hard to focus with Dean’s voice shouting his past trauma from every direction. Sam attempted to block out the noise and concentrate on the sounds that Cas was pulling through instead. His theory paid off faster than he expected.
It was completely impossible...and yet, that same small part of Dean that got him into this mess, the only part that even Hell couldn’t take away, dared to say, but what if?
He couldn’t think of anything else to say. Instead, he filled that one complicated word with as much emotion as he was feeling at the time, praying it could eliminate the stronghold they choked over his heart.
Cas pulled the memory forward, dragging them into a new domestic scene that seemed so plausible, it ached.
“Dean, stop it. I get it.”
Cas’ thoughts were burning. The dizziness he felt in Dean’s mind followed him out. Swerling so fiercely around his brain that his very grace hummed with it.
“You think I was disgusted by your nightmare?”
A glow from the sun auraing his silhouette. He was already hard to look at as it was.
Dean had, in fact, been using an angel blade. He was tapping it against his palm in impatience.
“Dean, please. Remember. We are in your head. Michael, he’s possessing you, distracting you inside your mind.”
Dean forced himself to meet gaze for gaze. He approached the bed by a few feet. Cas didn’t flinch back and he took that as a good sign to keep going.
This had never happened.
Dean wasn’t up for the challenge, not when he couldn’t even look his greatest failure in the eyes. He knew that somehow he was the cause of Cas’ anguish right then. He wished more than ever that he was a mind reader. That he could know Cas’ thoughts, understand them, comfort them.
Cas nearly choked. He knew that blade. That very specific blade. It wouldn’t even be the first time that he had given his own blade to Dean.
Husband…
Castiel slid his arm protectively around Dean’s waist, pulling him that last inch closer, mimicking their stance of moments ago. Cas knew that look as well.
Dean walked right into Sam’s line of vision, fighting the urge to shake him. “What! He’s what!”
“Five years, okay?
Dean’s voice took on a dark edge. Cas knew he was losing his patience. He hoped Sam was keeping fake him at bay because he was suddenly feeling very dizzy.
It was Cas verses Castiel in an all-out battle of tug of war, with Dean as the rope. Cas yanked and pulled, trying to think of a more sophisticated tactic to dislodge his counterpart ironclad grip.
No, he said, angel. He had called Castiel an angel. My angel to be exact.
Cas wasn’t planning on “saying it”. But that didn’t mean that there weren’t other things he was dying to say.
Did that make the Castiel out there a human? Was that what the big difference was? Could Dean only ever be with him if he were human again? Cas squeezed his eyes shut, clearing his vision of a few welling behind his efforts to remain calm.
“I won’t ask again,” Dean growled, eyes flashing dangerously in the dim lighting from the spindly bulb. “Who the hell are you, and why do you look like him?”
“Might as well get some coffee and breakfast seeing as we’re both in the car already.”
Sam took over Cas’s seat, staring at Dean with the exact expression that Cas would never use.
He had to be sure.
“Really?”
What the hell was wrong with him? Why couldn’t he just sleep? Why couldn’t he just be more like Sammy, or Cas?
They enacted one of their famous ones. Dean willing Cas to receive comfort from him without needing to actually say it. He wished he knew how to tell Cas that he wasn’t expecting anything, that he knew his feelings were his alone. That he didn’t blame Cas for not loving him. Most of all, he wished he knew how to beg Cas not to leave him again.
“Um, it’s Cas, he-”
He swayed, and Dean moved away to watch him fall. Cas’ stomach flopped. He shouldn’t feel his stomach do anything.
Cas shook his head. “I know Michael did that, not...not you. I know he gave you that nightmare to-
Dean chose to observe a morning jogger passing the motel parking lot instead.
“I look like him because I am him. Or rather, he looks like me because he is me.”
A thunderous crash made them both jump. The door splintered and swung open. Dean was standing there, wearing an old flat cap.
It was easier to think about Sammy than Cas. Sammy was a familiar pain, a comparison well worn. But Cas… If Sam was fire then what did that make Cas?
“Dean, you awake?” Sam’s soft voice floated in from behind the door.
He hadn’t felt so violated in years. He fully understood that it had to be done. He didn’t blame Sam or Cas for a second. But that didn’t mean he could absolve himself from blame. He knew that Cas would never - COULD never love something so broken. He knew for over 6 years. But he was scared. Terrified. Hearing it out loud, from Sam...that Cas would never see him that way. No, Dean was happier in his head, where he would hold out a slimmer of hope that fantasies came true.
Dean’s heart fell. The small part of him that believed in fantasy dared to have a slimmer of hope that Cas was behind the door.
It never ended. Sam came right up to talk to him. He was doubtful of their success in the long run. He promised Dean that they would come up with a plan soon. Dean had only grunted in reply. While Sam was on his way out, he hesitated by the door. His hands frozen halfway from reaching the doorknob.
Dean took it back, Cas wasn’t water, he was most definitely the moon. Always present even when you couldn’t see him, always watching over Dean. Always above him in every regard.
Dean was taken aback by Cas’ change in demeanor. Cas didn’t give him time to recover.
Cas was still lying in bed. He hadn’t even moved to open the door. Dean would normally be pissed at a blatant waste of mojo like that, but the sight of Cas now, nearly broke what was left of his heart.
Dean regarded Cas over his shoulder. Turning back to Sam, Dean muttered so quickly that Cas would have for sure missed it had he not been a supernatural being.
“It’s okay baby, there’s a reason I’m the one who does the cooking.” Then Dean laughed the most carefree sound that had ever escaped him. And Cas knew that Sam was right.
“Yeah, I am.” He stood up slowly, rubbing his exhausted face.
The affection on Cas’s face told Dean not to ask why he’d come. He did it anyway.
Dean tried not to flinch at the word “friend”. His resolve appeared as a man who stared straight ahead, pretending everything was normal. So that man was who Dean had to become. For that night.
Dean and Cas shared a look. “Don’t say it,'' Dean said, walking over to Sam.
“Because you are the moon. You were missing in Purgatory. But you’re back. Always looking out for me, always -”
Dean kelt down, eye to eye with Cas. “Okay, I’m listening. Who are you?”  His tone was a thousand times softer than any he had yet to use. Somehow that made it worse. Of all things, Dean had never shown him pity.
Dean had stabbed him then too.
Dean’s eyebrow raised. “Why does that matter?”
Possessiveness.
Cas’ eyebrow shot into his messy hair. “Don’t Dean, just don’t.”
So instead, he rolled over, facing the peeling yellow ceiling. There was a mattress lump directly under his left hip, and he fixated on the awkward angle of his body. Neck twisted, body turned, with an arm half unsupported by the bed. Dean knew it was a distraction. His whole life felt like one big distraction. Each breath a painful way to pass the time until his last, until he would be free.
“It wasn’t a nightmare,” Dean replied simply. Then went back to his fantasy. He welcomed in the aftershave, the pie, and the rain.
They sat in silence for a moment. Cas, ever so neglectful with social cues, seemed to always read Dean perfectly. Dean was given a silent companion while he fought to keep his face and breathing under control.
A flame that never died.
Dean watched the two little dots on his digital alarm clock. Each blink echoed like an unheard tick in his mind. Taunting him.
Dean had never heard anything more beautiful.
Cas’ eyes were overbright again. Dean was desperate to feel anything besides shame and confusion.
When Sammy was sleeping, he moved from forest fire to candle. When Sammy was awake, he was alert, judgmental. Cas didn’t sleep, but when he was simply just there, Dean felt accompanied, safe, and accepted.
, Dean was stunningly beautiful. His eyes were green, his hair a light brown that resembled blonde, his lips were capable of making the devil himself fall to his knees, and oh, did Castiel wanted to get on his knees. Freckles burned into his skin. And of course, he smirked like he knew what everyone was thinking about him. He fucking smiled at Castiel when he laid eyes on him. A beautiful, true smile. Cas couldn’t tear his eyes off of him, and it was completely unfair to him and his poor lack of judgement and non functioning brain that made him say “Hi. I'm gay" he blurted out. His friends stared dumbfounded at him, noticing the staring contest between him and Dean.
torture.
“We can find your personality. We can find who you are. At this point, I'm sure you know that although you may have acted out of anger because of it, you shouldn’t use it as an excuse. It's hard to read between the lines, especially when you
on medication.”
“Tell me, how was your week?” She asked as she softly tapped her pen on her notebook.
He ran the knife through Dean’s neck, making its way to his lips.
The voice didn’t get any closer.
“Of course, Dean-o, who do you think we are?”
Sam called a few times, so did his mom. He felt better, he said. He wasn’t lying, not this time. He was still a little numb, but he was getting better. He looked at the time on his phone and took his pills out, taking one at a time. Every time he took them, he felt bad. Like he was a fake and he had to force his brain to function properly. Negative thoughts aside, he swallowed them with water and got back to reading his students’ dissertations. They were getting a lot better on developing the subject, and he took a moment to feel proud of himself – as a treat.
He nodded at her, letting the words sink into his brain. Looking at the clock, he realized their session had ended. It was about time, he thought.
“Social work is hard.” His voice wavered.
Dean snorted, looking at the ground sheepishly. “Fair point.”
“I’m fine, Sammy. Just been busy with finals and grading assignments. You know I always get busy this time of year. This isn’t why you called.”
. His disdain for the humankind grew, even if he knew he was not supposed to. He wasn’t supposed to interfere with their history, to judge, to laugh; after all, Heaven had its own peculiarities with power and control.
“In a rush, aren’t we? Coward. But fine. Is it true that you’ve been avoiding us because of your little crush?”
“Well, because everyone here is interested in someone and you’re just... there. And hey, Dean has just come to terms with his bisexuality!”
“I’ll get a drink. You want anything?”
When Charlie met Dean, they were barely out of middle school. It was a hot summer day in Lawrence, they were sweating through their summer break, feeling nothing but sweat and discomfort. They sat under the trees at Centennial Park, hoping for wind and shadows from the trees that would loom over them. They were sharing the same shadow, eyes narrowed and breathing through their mouths. They looked at each other at the same time. Dean’s hair was soaked with sweat, his freckles shining under the small sunshine that went through the leaves. Charlie’s cheeks were a tinted shade of red – she wouldn’t tan, no, she’d just stay red – and her ginger hair up in a ponytail, as her overgrown bangs fell in her eyes.
“You want me to...?”
“Sure, Dean”
Monday found him sitting inside his classroom drinking coffee silently as he read a book after classes. It had been a calm day; students weren’t giving him any trouble or being loud. In fact, everyone was tired and sleepy. He talked to them about their assignments, how he enjoyed reading each one of them and they had improved in their writing; then they were dismissed. Dean still hadn’t found the courage to get up and go home, deciding to finish passing the grades on to the school faculty once and for all, so he could be free to hang out with his brother with no worries. While he wrote, he heard a knock on his classroom door.
“Why do you have a Jack-o-lantern?”
His face reflected on the water gave him some peace.
Since it was getting closer to summer, he was getting ready for final terms, he wouldn’t want it to be too hard for his students. He had never a parent complaint on his job and his teaching method. Everyone always had something nice to say about him and how good on his subject his students were. He was very attentive to his students, he knew high school was a tough time, so making studying become a chore would be worse to these kids. The system was already too fucked up.
“Now you’re just naming your favorite clichés.”
“Tell me about your childhood, how was dealing with it.”
Dean smiled at him again. They were so close, Cas could feel his breath on his mouth, looking at Dean's oh-so-perfect lips made him feel lustful. A sinner. The most spectacular sinner, and he would most definitely go to hell for the unimaginable things he wanted to do to those lips. He closed the distance between them, feeling the softness touch his lips, his hand grabbing Dean’s hair softly, the other caressing the side of Dean’s face. He tasted like beer and smoke. He smelled like leather and cigarettes. Suddenly, they were almost out of breath, and Dean was on his lap trying to take his shirt off. Everything was hot, too hot, too much was happening, and all around him was Dean. Only him. God, he felt his heart trying to jump out of his chest when Dean touched there. They were almost dry humping each other, and how they weren’t doing it already was beyond Cas’ comprehension, seeing as Dean could probably feel Castiel's erection against his ass. God, it was a fever dream and it was definitely high.
He did none of it. Instead, he rebelled. For one man, one single soul. His grace was forever bound to Heaven, but his will was not. He left Heaven once again, leaving part of his grace there so Michael wouldn’t notice so soon. The extraction was the most bittersweet pain he had ever felt in millennia; it was worth it. He’d never know so much rage, so much anger. Something about angels, is that they were never supposed to go through hell, they were not made to handle its corruption, its pain. But he did, anyway. He searched for Dean’s shredded and torn soul, hoping it wasn’t too late. It never is. Once he found
. The thing said something about rebellion, turning his back to God.”
There were no words that could describe the hollowness in his chest, the churning in his stomach right now. He’d schedule an emergency appointment with Hannah tomorrow. He had to.
“It was worse, way back.”
He stood there, letting numbness take over as the silence deafened him.
, and it was perfect. Dean moaned Castiel’s name as he came, hot liquid filling Castiel up as he came, along with Dean. He felt come dripping, his hips faltering as he pulled Dean’s hair.
hurts
“Yeah, that’s the shortened version. My point is that Castiel fell from grace. He chose
, they weren’t impressed anymore. The human race came, but no one expected them to last, for the older ones didn’t.
something, someone. Himself, as it was hurting him.
It was a black and blue figure, standing still in the distance. The glowing blue came from the eyes. Yet, it still looked like a shadow. Entirely black. It was too far away for him to make out any other details. He should get up. He should go inside and lock the doors, pray one Our Father and go to bed. He could hear his catholic guilt begging him for a Hail Mary on his knees.
“Yes. Sorry.”
“So... in the dreams, I see wings. Huge black wings. But it’s not physical. Just their shadows on a wall. And because it’s a shadow, of course they’d be black, right? Except that even if I can’t
“He works with you. I should’ve expected it. I’ll just go home, Gabe.”
, he looked about the same age as me. But I started to crave the intimacy, the love, the conversations, I wanted to know why I was cursed with them.”
“Dean. I am so happy to see you opening up. I know that talking about your dreams have been hard, but I am glad that you are now able to create a bond of trust with me. Since you came in, you’ve been carrying yourself with a certain amount of discomfort, and I’ve noticed it is current, I would like to discuss this further. In our session next week, we’ll continue to discuss your dreams and how you feel like they’ve affected you. Cognitive behavioral therapy helps with bipolar disorder, and I hope I can be of help to you. Although we tend to focus on your emotions and behavior, it is a part of your progress to talk about traumas. I am proud of you. Until next session!”
Charlie looked at her best friend. He looked calm, completely vulnerable. Dean usually kept a macho bravado, always closed off in public places, his body language told everyone to stay away or they would absolutely suffer the consequences; he couldn’t remember a day Dean didn’t carry himself like that. He wasn’t exactly hostile, no. He was perfectly polite and sympathetic, everyone liked him, but they knew they shouldn’t press beyond ‘Hi how are you’. She thinks he’s a social vampire: only enters conversations when people invite him to it, then he’ll talk your ear off about
It was getting colder by the second and it was still far enough for him to run away. he had no urge to do it, even if he was scared. He was stuck to the ground.
Dean smiled even more and said “Fine”. He got up and looked around their little circle, Castiel dropped his eyes to the ground, refusing to make eye contact so they could see the rejection exposed in his face. Dean walked up to him and got to his knees in front of him, his fingers making their way to Cas’ chin, as he touched him, electricity made its course through them, making Castiel look up to him.
“Yeah?”
“I've had them since I can remember, I guess. There isn’t a time in my life in which I remember not dreaming about it. About him.” His words are left hanging. She waits for him to continue. “It’s... It seems very real. Like they’re memories that my brain suppressed due some trauma. Or another life. At the start, it was hard to tell reality apart from it. I went to sleep and woke up. I went straight to my mom to tell her about this guy I met. Obviously, she freaked out, since I was a kid and never left her sight or my dad's. I can only imagine her thinking some creep was talking to her little kid. It took me a little longer to realize that I was me, but I wasn’t
Dean could almost
So, he sat down on the ground and cried, cried for hours, tears of sadness, of anger, of everything that went right before everything went to
Sam sniffed.
A new step.
There was no doubt.
He wouldn’t, though. He chose the first option: to take them off.
. He felt suffocated, he wanted it to leave, he wanted to be
Silence fell upon them comfortably; a silent agreement of ‘I love you’. When they finished the third season, they got up to buy dinner. Dean put on his coat and shoes, deciding it was best to, since it was getting colder. Charlie was in her pajamas; it was fuzzy, she was warm enough. She put on her shoes and followed suit.
“You assumed right. Hi, I’m Dean. How can I help you?”
He went back to the surface to breathe again.
13 years later, they still stood side by side. She understood him better than anyone, and never once doubted the veracity of his words when he told her he had strange dreams. She helped him through heaven and hell, looked into everything she could (legally or
After he confessed it, he felt better, if not a bit crazier than before. Admitting to it made it real, made it true, and even if he wanted Castiel to be real, he couldn’t do more than hope.
“Dare!”
“I'm sorry. Hello, Dean. Now why do you have it?”
. He’s always been like that, and she knows why. She understands. Before she can stop herself, she asks “Dean, do you ever think about what you could have had… if it wasn’t for, you know… Castiel?”
Cas opened his closet, picking up a blindfold, rope and a small knife. Dean looked in anticipation, feeling his dick jump in excitement. Cas approached him, wrapping the blindfold around his eyes, then put the ropes around his wrists, bounding them together.
. The purple light illuminated the room, giving a nice vibe to it. Dean
“But hey, at least you might be part of something bigger! Reincarnation! Soulmates! Curses!”
“Move, Dean. Please.”
“Oh.”
“I’m serious. I've been good. scared I'm gonna scare your new girlfriend?”
The assignment was simple enough; the kids were supposed to write about their favorite
The voice, the entity, was still nowhere to be found. It was as if it was coming from
“Good for him. I'm not interested in a summer fling”
. His soul was the most beautiful thing he had ever laid his eyes upon; a vibrant greenish blue, like violent, clean oceans, a color so beautiful no human eye could see.
. What the fuck is a
“Are you… are you talking about the devil?”
“Yes?”
He was smiling, his eyes shining as he held her hand and they talked. He looked happy. Happier. He hated that it was with
“But it is a part of me. A part of who I am. I've lost myself somewhere between the thin line of ‘is it me being me or is it the mental illness making me act like this?’ I used to hate thinking about that when I was angry and did some shitty things. I used to say so many... cruel and vile things to people I swore to love and never hurt.”
. Dean brokenly moaned his name, softly. He started to move his head rhythmically, but still slow enough to enjoy it; the taste of precum was bittersweet, and
“So, you are aware that we don’t have the most… conventional family. I’m the one taking care of her. temporarily, of course. Her parents are always traveling.”
The nocturnal insects were back.
Later that day, Dean was sat on his sofa comfortably as his best friend talked throughout that episode of Buffy; he was listening (kind of) as he took in the details on the TV, and if you saw him crying over Angel and Buffy breaking up on her prom day, you’re lying. Charlie was lying down, her feet resting on his lap as they ate ice cream, her bright red hair falling down the couch’s arm rest. She talked excitedly; her mouth full of chocolate ice cream as she gestured with her free hand. Dean always thought she looked nice; warm and inviting, always so extroverted, even if she was quiet. Her smile was always encouraging and kind.
a minor, Mr. Winchester.”
“Like… Dude, that’s not even good for plot. He just broke up with her over nothing!”
at the same time.
“It’s open.”
Dean didn’t know what to do with that information. He didn’t even know people talked about him that frequently. Deciding enough was enough, Dean carefully put his papers on his folder, placing it inside his bag and making his way out. When he got to his car, he noticed Anna still on the parking lot, inside her car, looking straight at him as he left the school.
“You mentioned how you said you had been waiting for that a long time, yes? Why?”
“She’s actually doing good. She always does what she’s supposed to, although nowadays she doesn’t interact much like she used to.”
Waking up suddenly was getting really old. Looking at his window, the weather was still grey and dull, as he expected. Today Charlie would be here. He had to get up and be alive and aware.
Can you tell I hate liberalism yet?
just be
Everyone cheered as they made their way through the trees. They got to a clearing far away from their friends, stopping next to a tree. They sat on the ground, side by side.
She turned her eyes to the TV again; she knew she didn’t have to answer that, even if it wasn’t final. She knew she couldn’t help, couldn’t really grasp the concept of
Dean felt that is was important to inform his therapist of his medication and the effects they have on the dreams, or his sleep itself. He made a mental note to talk to her about it next week. On Friday night, he decided to sleep a little earlier than usual, praying the dreams wouldn’t come.
something for some
Dean got closer to him, nose to nose, Castiel was transfixed by his eyes. He closed the distance between them, finally sealing their mouths together, like a promise they intended to keep. Cas felt Dean’s tongue snuck past his lips, his insides tingling with excitement, the growing lust between them, as he felt his blood rush down his body and he became lightheaded. Dean’s hand was gracing his cheek, touching so lightly he felt breakable. He stopped before it got more heated, putting some space between them. Dean smiled at him as he got up and went inside, waving goodbye. God, Dean would break his heart so bad this summer. He couldn’t wait for it.
Although the wind was chilly, he didn’t feel very cold. This part of town had many lakes and woods, so he got used to the constant wind. He sat on his chair and just looked at the moon, drinking his coffee. He let Blue Oyster Cult’s ‘(Don’t Fear) The Reaper’ play in the background.
– it could be a person, a book, a song, anything. He thought that when they did something they enjoyed; they’d learn in an easier way. He should have seen it coming, really. He assigned them a childish task, he received childish writing. He didn’t know what went wrong, they were doing just fine with the other assignments, writing like real people. Now, did they
“It might have been a mistranslation, something went wrong, but we now know what we’re looking for!”
The thing hummed.
“Hey”
“Dean, they’re dreams. Although we sometimes have control over them, we mostly don’t, and there’s nothing wrong with that. Keep talking about it if you’re comfortable, if you’re not, we can take this to next session.”
He’s not lying. Lithium has been great. The side effects were horrible, but once it settled, it was fine. He noticed the changes, and so did Hannah. He missed the days he felt invincible. Drinking in bars, hooking up with whoever would have him. Not being fragile.
“Terrifying. It’s complicated. Coming here is routine, I’m getting used to it, but not planning everything in advance makes my skin crawl and my heart beat a lot faster. I get nauseous. So, every first day of the last week of each month I make a list of everything I need to buy firsthand and which aisle of the supermarket I’ll have to go to, because believe me, I have it mapped. I feel like anxiety will eventually kill me, – anyway, once my list is ready and I’ve memorized the patterns of the aisle, and the easiest way of getting my things in order, it usually takes me a day or two, so I almost always go on Tuesdays, I go and it usually goes smoothly. This time, it was easier. I went and didn’t get nervous when someone smiled at me, I didn’t feel... awkward. It was nice.”
He didn’t know where to go from there. He just kept staring at his shoes, avoiding his therapist’s gaze. He took a breath and said what has been haunting him for years: “I think that what hurt me the most back then is that, even with my meds, I still had anger outbursts because we hadn’t found a medication that worked specifically for that. But everyone thought that that
“Cas. Cas. I need to...” Dean tried to slow down, so Cas picked up the pace, feeling his own orgasm building up, he moaned around Dean, sucking him until he felt the first taste of come in his mouth. Dean came down his throat crying out Castiel’s name, as Cas swallowed the come entirely, while he rode down his orgasm. Cas got up slowly, staring intently at Dean as he tried to catch his breath.
“Hey, Cas”
. Castiel was not impressed. By the time they evolved enough to not look like
you’re
In the blink of an eye, there were
“Yeah, dumbass. Look, I’m going to kiss you right now. Then, you’re going to get up and go inside. A few minutes after you, I will go in. Tomorrow night, you’ll meet me at the garden gate. Ok?”
He put his hands on the waistband, stopping for a few seconds before going through with it. breathe in, breathe out. He took it off swiftly but didn’t motion to get in the water. Instead, he looked down his thighs. They were still scarred. Angry, straight lines still marked his skin. He couldn’t help but feel disappointed. His scar from the day he fell riding his bike after his mom let him go on two wheels was gone. The one he got on his left knee when he ran to his dad to hug him after a long day at work was gone, too. The one on his lip, from when he decided he had to have a lip piercing and made Ash pierce him while Charlie and Jo watched and it went horribly wrong, because he ended up with a bleeding lip and no piercing, was gone, too. Those were his favorites; they reminded him of his youth, his innocence, simpler times.
Dean winked at him before turning his back and leaving, as Cas kept looking at his back, waiting for Dean to be joking. After a few minutes alone, he realized Dean was serious. God, his chest tightened, tears welling up in his eyes and his throat burned, the taste of Dean still lingering. He was just waiting for Dean to cut him to the bone, and he really did. He sat down on the grass, taking in what had happened. Realization settled in as he put his hands on his face, trying not to cringe at his stupidity for developing feelings. He was falling in love with Dean. Dean, who was sweet and caring, and so patient. So beautiful. God, he really was falling for him, and if that wasn’t the worst thing Dean would ever hear, he didn’t know what would be.
“She’s in high school and he’s bicentenary.”
Silence stood on the line.
Silence stretched uncomfortably between them, as Anna looked at her own hands on her lap. She lifted her eyes to his face once again and smiled. “I came here because I couldn’t come on the parent/teacher conference. Sorry about that, by the way. My brother, Cas-” she stopped abruptly and coughed. “Sorry. My brother was supposed to come, but you know how it goes. How is Anael going?”
“You can come anytime. It's very important to me that the family is aware of what goes on.”
The full moon was still shining above them, illuminating everything around. Dean, now, had a smile on his face. A small smile, but still there.
He sat on his bed, staring at the ceiling, holding back the tears and trying so hard to breathe slowly, calmly, through his nose, but he couldn’t
“Fine. Things have been hard at the office.”
Dean felt free, for the first time in his life. Taking the weight off his shoulders were a blessing. He looked at the clock on the wall again. It was 2:57 PM. Their session was almost over. He looked at her again and gave her an uncertain smile.
Until he woke up.
“Nice night.”
That night his friends were at his cabin playing D&D, and since he didn’t know anything about it, he went outside to read. Sitting on the stairs, he took a moment to admire the tress around him, noticing a body by his side. Dean was sitting next to him now, staring intently at him.
“‘Bisexuality strikes again’, as you call it.”
“And?”
“Want to talk about it?”
Dean let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding and smiled. He sat down again and got a little
His chest hurt; his breathing wouldn’t return to normal. He couldn’t pick a better time to crumble down. At least semester was over.
“What?”
Dean hung up his phone and stared at the clock in it. 3 PM and he was still at the school, grading the assignments. Time is a social construct, but geez, it is a pain in the ass, Dean thinks as he corrects the essays.
writing about Shakespeare? Mark Twain? And the worst of all, George Orwell? God, he had no idea how he could ever have read that dude’s work – they were
“I’ll see what I can do about her being a little weird with friends and teachers. Have a good day, and thank you so much for your time.”
As they came down from their high, the blood poured into the bed, the red liquid mixed with Castiel’s cum on the white sheets. Dean pulled out of Cas, and he came down and laid down on the bed next to Dean. He turned his head to Dean and kissed him, tiredly, feeling sleepiness overcome him.
“Hello, Dean”
As he got back, he noticed Gabriel and Balthazar staring at him smiling knowingly. He sat down where he was before, grabbing a beer.
“Cas, you don’t have to.”
Sometimes, he regretted becoming a high school teacher, but it’s not like he hadn’t had the chance to become a professor and have a PhD. He just wanted to help young minds. A noble cause, his brother had said, when he was on his way to becoming a lawyer. He shouldn’t have listened to that little shit. Back to grading. He couldn’t believe how these kids could talk so much about their favorite
, how he wanted to be. Being crazy is easier when you’ve accepted that you are a long time ago.
“Gabriel told me you were leaving.”
“Mr. Winchester, I assume?”
“I-I don’t know. I don’t even know what’s after me. I’m sorry.”
The million-dollar question.
He wasn’t hearing steps anymore.
Castiel looked at him, waiting. He lined himself up and slowly entered Castiel. Cas’s breathing faltered and he softly gasped, feeling the burn of the stretch.
Hannah studied him carefully, stopped with the tapping on her notebook to put her hands on her knees, smiling at him. A comprehension smile.
? Be thankful that the aggressor wasn’t in a hurry or I wouldn’t have listened?”
, we just had to be thankful the dude still hadn’t lost his patience and took Samandriel someplace else. How fucked up is
She answered fast.
They heard footsteps through the fallen leaves, someone was coming to them. They knew it was Charlie, because fuck, she was giggling like a school girl. Except that Castiel felt like one. His heartbeat was so loud, his lips tingling and red, his hair pointing to every side possible and his skin burning where Dean had touched. He immediately got up and got back to the bonfire without looking back to see Dean, looking heartbroken.
, Dean.”
The moon was full.
He heard ragged breathing.
After his last text to Charlie, Castiel took another drag of his cigarette, staring at the ground, pretending he hadn’t seen Dean, but he knew, of course he knew. He looked up, slowly lifting his head, leaving a neutral expression on his face. He finally looked into those deep green eyes again. There was a kind glint to it.
Dean did what he was told, no questions asked.
“And did you ever found out
“Hello, Dean.”
“I can’t keep putting this off forever. Anyway... He- He’s in my arms, and we’re on the bed. The windows are open, and I can smell the rain in the air, it’s a mix of water and grass and dirt. It’s so detailed and perfect that I swear it has happened; but it never did. He has disheveled black hair; the intense blue eyes and he looks clean-shaven. He looks up and smiles at me. His canines are a little sharp. I feel my stomach clench and the
Although the bad days were getting more frequent, he still tried to stay positive. With little to no success. Yet, here he was. Alive at 26. After years of battling depression, he had yet to find hope that someday, he wouldn’t have to. He wouldn’t wake up feeling guilty, or heavy, or tired, and the worst, angry. Angry at himself, at the world, at his brain, at his stupid dreams about someone who isn’t real. But that he let himself be hopeful for. Everything always happens so much.
The moon was high, just like his friends that night. It was their first day at the summer camp, but the second time they were there. Castiel was getting a little too old for summer camps, but his parents disagreed. He was seventeen years old, for God's sake. Of course, he wasn't that old, but clearly he didn’t see it that way. He was sitting next to his brother, Gabriel and his best friend, Charlie. Balthazar was sat on the floor next to the fireplace, still drinking his beer. Cliche enough, they came a little earlier than they were supposed to, just so they could get a little peace before the other teens arrived, while the counselors would be too busy getting stoned and having sex for the same reason. He felt a little too close to Friday the 13th. All of them were drinking, but Castiel remained sober.
“Dean... I know. Why did you choose me?”
She was very patient with him, and he’s thankful for it. He’s been coming to this therapist for about 9 weeks and they’re helping, but this is the first time he’s doing what he came here to do. To talk about his dreams.
“Yep.”
graced. He’d heard rumors about it. It felt like going through the ice cold flames of hell a thousand times, like going through a black hole and feeling your entire being getting disintegrated by a higher power. It felt a lot like fighting a thousand of demons, millions, even.
It has been a while. I'll admit, I'm not proud of it, but between working and studying, I hadn't had the most memorable times to myself. I wrote this between writing an essay and working, but seeing as I am on my day off, I've decided to indulge myself to a little treat. For those of you wondering (you're not), I did watch the last season. It was very unfortunate and very bad. I hated every minute of it. I cried. I spent a week crying every time the words "it's in just saying it" came into mind. I hope you are all well, vaccinated and healthy. I would not be writing this if not for your interest. Enjoy it!
He could just shove his hands down his pants.
If this was punishment, it was perfect. The perfect psychological terror. A reminder of all the wrong he’s done. Of how nothing can hurt him like he hurts himself.
Dean was the first one to move. He kissed Castiel first, all tongue and teeth. He didn’t wait, but Cas didn’t want him to. When Dean’s lips touched his, he instantly opened his mouth, feeling Dean’s tongue weighting on his, his sweet taste of cinnamon; it was his favorite bubblegum. Castiel’s hands quickly found their way to Dean’s abdomen, running his fingers through his torso, then grabbing his sides, pressing his body against Dean’s, feeling his blood boiling in his body, his lips tingling against Dean’s, his insides burning up as his erection pulsed inside his boxers. Dean was just as desperate, lustful. He smelled of cinnamon, and a wooden smell, his beard prickling Castiel’s skin, his tongue still inside Castiel’s mouth, moving with his own. Castiel felt like he might explode, there was something inside of him waiting to burst out. He stopped the kiss.
He looks everywhere. He looks at the clock hanging on the wall. It looked too clean. Too slow. He can’t bear to look into her eyes. They’ve been here for almost 15 minutes and all he did was say that he was fine, and his week was nice.
“No one will ever touch you like this. No one will make you
He wasn’t going to be happy. He never would be. He’d forever be this broken, ill, vile thing. He’d always want to die. There wasn’t a day in his life in which he didn’t regret not dying when he had the chance. Sadness was overwhelming, it always was. So, he let it wash over him, the desperation would soon leave.
“I will, Sammy. I'm sorry for... worrying you or whatever. I’m here for anything you need. Anything, you hear me?”
“So… how’s everything going?”
I was, was the real me, and no one questioned it. If I were cruel, they’d just say, ‘oh, that’s just Dean. That’s how and who he is, now’. Don’t get me wrong, my family was very understanding, but if I was still angry, it was probably because I was an asshole, not because of my condition; and they didn’t believe me because I was
Dean looked down, noticing the come on his sneakers.
. I- I know it sounds weird. But...” He stares at his shoes, touching the ground beneath him, the black carpet standing out from the white walls. The room was wide, white and just right. It somehow felt different. The colors didn’t depress him as much as they should, they comforted him. “It just feels like I know him. I knew him. Or I should remember him. Am I crazy?”
1953 years after Jesus Christ. Anno Domini. He was a man, then. His green eyes could easily be compared to the green of the most beautiful of the rainforests in a sunny day. His lips, soft as pillows. His body, not even the most beautiful figures made by the best sculptures in history of mankind could compare. But his
Dean took off Castiel’s shirt, then unbuttoned his pants, quickly getting them out.
you should look for?”
It was a nice night, he thought.
. Although he could hear and feel everything, and everything moved, he still felt like he was near a crime scene. He wasn’t supposed to be there, even if there wasn’t anyone there to reprimand him. The rocks that surrounded the river were slippery and with fungus covering them, he thought that maybe staying put was a better option. He sat down on slowly, scared of falling – the river didn’t look so deep, but there were
He wrapped his arms around Dean, holding him tight and leaving small kisses on his neck. Sleep came easy as he heard Dean’s breathing returning to normal.
As Dean did as he said, he took Dean’s shirt of, touching every inch of his torso, up and down his chest. He got closer, leaving kisses on his neck, sucking at the skin enough to leave red and purple hickeys. Dean’s breath was short and decomposed, as he tried hard not to moan through the kisses.
let me tell you my story.
Castiel saw his brother be destroyed by anger and hatred; he couldn’t accept the humans, couldn’t understand why his Father would create something so fragile and flawed. Lucifer had said they would destroy themselves with madness. Lucifer was cast out of Heaven, because he had disobeyed their creator. He had questioned his orders, what he had learned. The angels knew they were supposed to follow.
“Cas, I’m close. I’m so close, please.”
they belong to this thing and it has black wings. Unnatural. an abomination between those around him. And... And he looks at me with those bright blue eyes, I mean
them, I just
Castiel kissed him hungrily, the taste of blood making both men moan.
His brother looked sadly at him and sighed, once again looking defeated. “I understand. Kali will be here soon, and so will Sam.”
They shouldn’t be doing this. They were sober, aware of their actions, of what was about to happen.
“As if they’d change their routines and themselves for each other.”
He looked up and found Dean approaching the car, looking side to side. When he got to the car, he opened the car door for Cas, closing when Cas sat down comfortably. He then got in and drove out of there quickly.
“There always is, Cas. Let’s just sleep.”
“Um…”
His knees trembled along with his hands, his body crumbled, ruins took over once again and the flame died. He screamed. He cried. His chest started to hurt as he suffocated inside his own skin, no one to help him, to calm him through it. The presence that suffocated him, had left him. As he struggled to breathe, he got up and looked for his anxiety meds, but it was too late. He knew it was. He hated it, hated every minute of his existence, of his life and his fucked-up brain, he had no way of running from it. He couldn’t just kill himself and hope for the best. He hated his mom for not giving up, he hated his dad for telling him that this would be over soon, and he hated Sam for always being there to support him, but he hated them all so much for making him go through life and not letting him give up. They were selfish. He hated every one of them, he hated them
“Dean, Jesus fucking Christ, I’m not going to break. Show me how much you’ve missed me.”
“I'll see you next week, Dr.”
of sharp rocks – but plainly ignored the feeling of wetness on his pants as he sat down.
“Yes, Dean. Yes to all of them.”
. He watched as vile men took over governments and killed innocent lives. He saw a system overcome kindness and empathy. He saw the worst men become leaders of powerful countries. He couldn’t grasp the fact that humanity only got so far because they accepted each other as allies, by collectivity. They only got so far because they worked together to search for greatness. They were stupid and
Silence took over. You could easily cut the tension between them.
“Did you dream anything new?”
something was wrong. Dean pretended he didn’t notice.
Everyone was curious of what was to come; no one knew but some of his brothers, those who belonged to a higher hierarchy. Castiel knew not to question, he was asked to observe, and that’s what he did, he wasn’t supposed to interfere. His favorite creation so far was the bees.
“You said you have these dreams. Tell me about them.”
He should have listened more intently to Charlie, because
took over his emotions, his heart shattered in his chest. He had never loved anyone as much as he loved this man on top of him, looking at him so earnest, with such raw passion. Castiel had missed him so much. Dean’s face was inches away from his, his hot breath on his mouth, green eyes so close to his eyes. On Dean’s chest, lay a anti possession tattoo, and Castiel loved it. He was the one to draw it for Dean and his brother, Sam. He ran his fingers through it, feeling the ink.
“Dean, Dean. Get up”
He sighed. Of course he could lie, but that wasn’t the point of the game. And she didn’t specify who was the crush, so he’d let it slip this time. “Yes.” For some reason, he looked at Dean after admitting it. Damn it. Dean was truly beautiful. His eyes gleamed at him, and he threw a smile his way. Castiel's heart melted. They spinned the bottle again, this time stopping on Balthazar and Sam.
“I’m glad to hear that. How was the experience?”
Slowly his door opened, revealing a woman behind it. She had red hair, the length a little past her shoulders, a green jacket and a white shirt under it with plain, blue jeans. Her smile looked kind, yet very out of place, he thought. She came in and closed the door behind her, looking directly at him.
scars. A reminder of how much he hated himself, of how
Castiel took his underwear off, throwing it somewhere on the room. Dean’s dick was right in front of him, fully erect and leaking. He wrapped his hand around it, hearing Dean’s gasp and small moan. He looked at Dean’s face, his eyes staring intently into Dean’s. He slowly licked Dean’s precum, then wrapping his lips around the head, his tongue pressing against it. It pulsated inside his mouth as he put it entirely on his mouth, almost gagging when the tip hit his throat.
old, anyway. He was just fine using text messages apps to talk to his family when they needed him. Also, when Jo and Charlie started tagging him in some embarrassing old pics from their teenage years when he
came, it was huge; the angels couldn’t stop talking about it. Everyone was impressed with how the thing moved, the sounds it made were
“It is beyond their comprehension. They can’t see the physical signs of how it affects you unless you self-harm, for an example. Until it’s too late. They expect it to be gray. They expect to find you too big or too thin, with bags under your eyes, when they’re filled with sadness. No one knows how to
“I don’t doubt you will.”
“No.”
Every time he blinked, it got slightly closer. Dean was trying his hardest not to and failing. As he stared, it seemed like the world had stopped altogether; the wind was still blowing, only, he couldn’t hear it. The leaves from the trees were still swinging; the tree branches still moved, but the world was static. All he could focus on was that
Nothing.
“He’s here, isn’t he?”
someone mentally ill. It's ok to say ‘I’m sorry I acted this way. I'm working to get better.’ they’ll try to be understanding of you and more patient.”
The next few days, he felt relaxed and even motivated. He wasn’t used to feeling like this, these days. Classes were back on track at full force, and they’ve started on a few subjects already. He was proud of his students.
Castiel pushes the hair off of Dean’s forehead. “Did you figure it out?”
“Maybe a little,” He responded, his voice wavering slightly. “Perhaps marjoram next time.”
“Oh.” The woman and man said in unison. “Oh, well...Yes, of course.”
Castiel looked like a god this way.
Cas sighed softly and let a smile creep up the corners of his mouth.
“It’s a house,” he replied. “Don’t let my parent’s wealth bother you. It says nothing of their character.”
Dean let out a long sigh and looked out at the ocean.
“Well, you don’t make it easy on a guy do you?” Dean said with a labored chuckle.
Castiel kisses him again.
“You don’t have to try so hard, Dean.” He swallowed back his guilt, looked straight into his lover’s eyes and spoke the truth. “I love you.”
“It’s getting stronger. Harder to fight.” Cas said firmly as he straightened out and hesitantly walked closer to Dean again.
“So impatient.” Dean says, right before taking Castiel all the way into his mouth.
Sam led the way towards the table they had sat around just days before, bringing another chair from the corner to join the three already stationed around the table.
“No one here,” Bela responded with a huff. “Maybe Deadpool over there in the corner.”
When he laid Castiel down on the couch, Dean did so slowly. He laid him down with their eyes locked, their breaths shared, and Castiel stared up at Dean like he was some kind of angel sent down from heaven. He found that incredibly ironic. Castiel was the celestial one, after all; Dean only glowed because of him.
“Alright, smart guy.” Dean said, “What about you? How’s Bon Jovi doing?”
“Geno-what now?” Gabriel said, sticking two green beans up his nose. “Never heard such a word before.”
“That she’s a raging cunt who can’t handle responsibility,” Dean spat. “I can’t believe she would just run off! I mean, Alex is her niece; she’s family! I’d never do that to Ben. You’d never do that to Claire.”
begrudge trauma victims of Dean’s attention. They needed him more than Castiel at the moment, but that wasn’t really what his sour mood was about. Dean may have convinced Castiel not to actively detest his job, but he was still very much mentally castrating the profession for Dean’s sake. Men who go to strip clubs love strippers—they just don’t want their daughter be one. It was like that.
“Don’t.” Mr TDB said, before Dean could get a word out.
“You’re right,” Charlie agreed with a smile. She leaned in to kiss her cheek. “Your mom is awesome. I’m glad you have her.”
Castiel smiled and nodded, pocketing the piece of paper with Dean’s number on it.
Their work schedules hadn’t synced up like this since they started dating, and it was the first time they had two whole days and nights together. Dean was already imagining ways to fill that time when he scaled the brick steps to Castiel’s town home. He had to pause once, the hike a bit much for his still aching leg, but when he reached the door he knocked once and then just let himself in.
Dean was about to complain about the lack of dick on his ass, but refrained. Instead, he began stroking Castiel’s calf with his fingertips again.
His husband sighs softly and backs further into Dean’s body.
“Michael will make a lot of snide comments, but I’m sure you will field them beautifully. Just be grateful that Luke won’t be here.”
Luke was a great guy, really good for Castiel too. They had fun together and got a long well. They had above average sex and Luke got along well with his friends. Castiel was sure marrying him was a good idea, but for some reason, he couldn’t commit to setting a date.
company and until a better candidate arrives, I’m the best you got.” Alex looked him over a few times then back down at her elephant. “I don’t want to toot my own horn or anything, but I think you could do worse. Beside, my boyfriend is a doctor and by the looks of that bandage on your arm, you’re gonna need him to patch you back up. I think you pulled some stitches.”
Jack nods. “He is, at least some of the time. There’s still much to be done.”
what Dean did for a living.
“Apparently,” Dean replied. He looked gutted. Castiel found this strange since Dean was usually so flexible. It was unlike him to react so strongly to something so unimportant. Castiel stepped closer and placed his arms around Dean’s waist. Dean leaned into him. “I should have known the moment I opened the package. I almost yakked right then and there. I decided to cook it anyway, just to see what happened and, well…it was sort of a disaster.”
“Don't kill him.” Crowley said, not turning around to face the Demon who was standing over Sam’s body. The demon looked disgruntled but complied and stepped away from Sam, his eyes now trained on Charlie who sat next to Sam on the floor.
“Ducks?” Dean questioned, obviously confused.
“It’s not so bad,” Castiel informed him. “I’ll be right back.” Dean nodded and Castiel left him on the counter to retrieve the first aid kit from the bathroom. When he returned, he nearly bumped into the firefighter in the hallway. “What are you doing?”
Inias’ room was completely empty, except for a bed that had been stripped and the now bare dresser. There were no pictures, no baseball cards, no clothes, no pieces of memorabilia left to haunt Castiel and Dean for the rest of their lives. It was all gone.
Gabriel laughed. “Like I told Cassie, Luke, to us, is mostly harmless. Think of it this way. You like taking it up the ass, right? Five dildos if I remember correctly, but you wouldn’t let cute Sammy take a turn, would you? It’s the same for our Lucy. You don’t fuck family; you don’t kill family. Pretty simple rules to live by.”
“Uh, huh.” Mr. TDB replied, uninterested. He walked closer to the belt and crossed his arms. “Thanks for ruining it, Dean.”
“I-” Dean started, but Castiel cut him off.
Castiel had never really liked his parents.
Cas watched as Dean looked him up and down for a moment before narrowing his eyes and tilting in head questioningly.
Cas let out a breath and backed away, his eyes finding Dean’s for a moment before shifting back to the unanswered front door.
want to be with Castiel. Not just as his friend, but really
Dean dipped his head back down to press his lips back to Cas’. He kissed him slowly and deeply. Cas responded by dragging his hand up to Deans hair and running his fingers around the back of his head.
“Never,” Dean replied. He winced when he changed position on the counter. “Damn.”
He was wearing jeans with holes in the knees and a worn red t-shirt, but Castiel looked just as beautiful as ever.
“Seem’s Moose was bested, Squirrel.” Crowley teased.
“Sshh!” Dean replied harshly. “I can’t-“
How Gabriel had managed to record him and Dean while they were having sex, Castiel didn’t even want to contemplate yet. All he knew was that his brother was perched on top of his station, legs crossed and a shit-eating grin on his face and Castiel wanted to tear it off of him.
Dean shrugged.
Mr. TDB reached forward and pulled his duffle bag off the belt. He swung it over his shoulder as he turned back to Dean.
He also knew that he wasn't a demon yet either.
Dean didn’t know what to say.
The blonde pressed the dark haired guy against the passenger side door and shoved his tongue down the poor guys throat.
Castiel’s hand was tight on Dean’s bicep, squeezing it so hard Dean was sure there would be a bruise tomorrow. Party goers looked around the room with slightly confused looks on their faces but seemed mostly amused. Then, right as Castiel began to charge through the group of dancers to reach the electrical cords attached to the speaker system, Dean saw Dick.
bought a house together. And I know the kind of commitment that comes along with something like this. I don’t mean to…like…trap you or something.” Castiel scoffed, but Dean didn’t let him interrupt. “I really want to help her, Cas. I think we’d be really good for her. We have a connection, I think. And I don’t want her ending up on the streets.”
“Promise?” Dean really,
“To you?”
He was standing at the counter when Dean entered the gallery. He was wearing kakis and a blue polo, which wasn’t exactly Castiel’s style but Dean was too distracted to notice.
“Have you gone in yet?” the woman cut her off. She turned towards Alex’s room and Dean was granted the view of her profile. He was struck with familiarity once again, but couldn’t place her yet. “Is she awake?”
The last thing Dean remembers before falling back asleep, is Castiel kissing his forehead.
“Like the gas station?” Castiel challenged.
“Perhaps it would be best if I didn't come back with you.” Cas said quietly, making sure Dean couldn't overhear him inside the car.
He chased it with two more shots.
“Information Castiel, information is power. You are convinced I have something you want. I have no interest in living a human life without some rewards for helping you here.”
When he turned, Cas was face to face with the hunter, barely a few inches between them.
“Well, not at the time,” Dean mumbled. He looked back down at his phone and tried to concentrate on the text messages he received. One was from Sam, checking in on how Dean’s Thanksgiving was going. That’ll be a fun conversation. The second was from an unknown number.
“Fine. Those things can be arranged Metatron.”
“Dying people don’t typically have the wherewithal to claim that it “sucks,” Dean responded, hoping to distract the girl from her pain as they began to move her.
Dean laughed again.
Dean knew he should talk about his day, that’s what partners were for. Dean was supposed to relay his stress and emotional traumas to his boyfriend. That’s what relationships were about. One person complained about their job, the other commiserated and then the roles reversed. But Dean knew how Castiel felt about his job and was afraid to open up a dialogue about it, especially if that dialogue was about the negative aspects of being a firefighter.
“How long-” Sam began.
not cooperating today. “Ready for a weekend of debauchery?”
“What do you want Crowley?” Dean asked, the Mark was coursing through his veins and he was fairly sure he would be able to get out of the demon’s grip with the right combination of moves. With the mark, he was definitely stronger than them, he just had to get the right advantae.
He looked good, but then again, Michael always did. He wore a black suit and tie, and as an accessory, a barely legal looking brunette in a tight mini skirt.
She wanted him to commit completely, and Dean just wasn’t ready for that. Especially since his business folded. Dean always thought he would be really secure in life before he got married, and Lisa wasn’t willing to wait anymore.
“Are we ever going to talk about this?” Sam asked harshly.
When she was finished, Naomi closed the bible and rested her hands over it. She looked at Dean and Castiel, then to her husband. “I will not sit and endure talk of this abomination. We shall speak of other things, but not this. Do you understand?”
“Roberto,” Gabriel greeted. “Cassie’s here.”
Cas insisted that Dean get to name the dog if he was going to let them keep it. Dean was going to refuse and make him take the dog outside but couldnt help but melt a into the sweet and hopeful smile Cas was wearing.
Castiel didn’t look at who Dean assumed was Anna. His eyes were still on the man currently pushing away from the ladder and slinking slowly towards us.
Castiel looked like he really wanted to argue, but he just let out a small chuckle and nodded.
“God Cas. You need some rest buddy.” Dean tried to sound light but he was pretty sure the strain in his voice was noticeable. “Metatron rough you up and take your coat?”
He spent a minute trying to blot up the coke, before giving up and wetting a napkin with water. He thought if he could at least get the stickiness of the coke out, then maybe when it dried it wouldn’t be so bad. Just as he was about to begin dabbing at his pants with the wet napkin, a knock came at the door.
Dean choked on his peanut butter chocolate ice cream and had to spit some of it out onto the concrete.
“What? No pizza?” Metatron’s scowl brought Castiel back to the room, and to the reason he had come down to the dungeon.
“Of the two of us, you’re definitely Sherlock, Cas,” Dean answers. He knows Castiel is just trying to distract him until they get to Alex’s house, but he lets him do it.
“I’m going to apply to be Alex’s foster father,” Dean announced over breakfast the next morning.
“Get out.” Her request was dry, but Dean could hear the humor in it, so he smiled.
Dean began to walk out of the room before Sam stood up and moved to block his exit.
He didn’t think he was much of a catch at the moment, considering how fucked up everything was, but if he was sure of anything, it was Castiel. He was his friend above anything else, and he could really use a friend.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Dean grabbed Gabriel’s arm as he attempted to leave the room, leaning in and whispering, “If there are any bugs in my apartment, I’m giving you two hours to get ‘em out, Gabe. After that, your ass is-“
Dean turned to Cas. “Not whatever, I’m serious Cas. I don't want this thing in my bed or shitting all around the bunker.”
“Yeah.” Dean said, confidently. “I got too much going on right now to think about getting in any kind of relationship. Gotta get my ducks in line first.”
“I’m so sorry Cas... I love you.” Dean whispered as his tears fell. “ I love you Cas. I love you.”
Castiel smiled weakly, flicking his cigarette away nonchalantly.
“What?” Castiel stopped short. “I do not have any avian companions, Gabriel, and Dean and I do not-“
“That’s okay, just say anything.”
Blue shimmering grace began to seep out of him and Cas slammed Dean’s face against the opening, forcing him to inhale. Cas could feel Dean struggling beneath him and hoped his strength would hold out long enough to keep Dean in place.
“Alright, Ollie.” Castiel says, with a mischievous smile. “I’m going to make sure Daddy wakes up for breakfast, you be ready.”
“Okay, yeah, I’m not fine, but there’s nothing to it, right? It is what it is. I couldn’t save them.” He gripped the counter tightly and lowered his voice. “It’s just this
They settled into their booth and found themselves behind two sticky menus at Pancake world.
“What? Yeah man, sorry.” Dean brought his hand up to rest on the back of his neck. “Still half asleep, that's all.”
“I’m just going to grab some water.” Castiel said, turning his back on Dean and walking towards the kitchen.
“Sam.” Cas said in his gravely voice as he turned around to face Sam. “You look troubled.”
“I wonder if we’ll have to wait in line,” Dean said softly, groaning when Castiel’s tongue dipped out of his mouth to lap at the little spot where his jaw met his neck.
to be healthy. I don’t want to get better. You saved the wrong person. You should have just let me die.”
Dean and Cas talk. Kind of.
The heat from Dean’s arm from where the mark was seared into his skin, began to withdraw slightly as he met Cas’ gaze.
“Do we have blueberries?” Ollie asks from beside him, perched on top of the counter.
Castiel pressed his finger inside just as he swallowed Dean down, the two sensations culminating in an explosive orgasm that left Dean seeing stars. He cried out, his hips just barely managing to stay on the bed as his body begged to fuck up into Castiel’s mouth to ride out his orgasm. A second later, as Castiel finished swallowing everything Dean gave him, Castiel came all over Dean’s leg. He moaned loudly as he came off Dean’s cock, burrowing his head into Dean’s groin as he rode out his own orgasm.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What?” Dean snaps. He doesn’t know why. He didn’t mean to. “What Sammy said. It’s Heaven, Jack.”
When he had taken over two hundred pictures, Castiel set off to find Meg, the person who got him the job taking pictures of her neighbor’s kid’s party. What he found though, was a very pregnant Meg, mauling her husband’s face against the side door their neighbors house.
“Alex-“Dean tried to soothe, but she kept going.
(See the end of the chapter for
“And after?” Sam asked finally. “After Dean is saved, and you are human. What then Cas?”
“Angels,” Dean snorted. Freaking angels.
He didn’t continue. His eyes pulled away from Dean to frantically look anywhere else.
He had only taken his first steps out the door when Dean shouted, “wait!”
“JUST DON’T!”
Sam did. And waited more. And more, as Dean battled his desperation to both pretend nothing happened, and to get comfort from his brother.
“Um, you okay Cas - I -”
Cas’ eyes went wide. “What?”
Dean opened his mouth to comment, but Cas cut him off.
The impala’s occupants kept the night close in their silent rejection of the world opening up around them. Dean didn’t want the night to end. He dreaded going back into the motel room. He dreaded facing Sam. He dreaded losing sight of the moon.
All the sounds from within the room vanished at once. Dean’s heart stopped being satisfied in his throat and seemed to be trying to evacuate through his mouth. He pushed it down as the door swung open.
Cas let go of Dean’s face. His lips, chasing more even as Dean pulled away.
Cas was curled up, still fully dressed in his coat and shoes. His face was hidden by his arms, but there was no missing the way his whole body vibrated with emotion.
Dean’s face paled, lips parting around the words, Michael.
Sam, normally so observant, was officially the last to know it seemed. If Cas wasn’t in such a state himself, he would’ve found amusement in that knowledge.
Dean sat on the bed next to Cas, who was forced to sit up completely. Their feet pinned to the floor, knees touching on one side.
Dean contemplated what to say. Impulse rushed him there, but now that he was facing Cas, he wasn’t the least sure about what to say.
He also didn’t want to have this conversation in front of Gabriel.
“But this?” Sam asks, arms raised to gesture around them. “It’s…it’s nice here. I mean, it’s Heaven. I feel… I’m happy here.”
“You mean you would stay? If Dean asked you to?”
.Just like that.”
Five people were ahead of him, the scorned lover from outside was handing his bag over the counter to be checked.
Castiel’s lips twitched up slightly.
“Ruin what?”
“I’m not worth either of your lives Cas. But I wont stop you from talking to Metatron.”
When he was finished with both sides of the conversation, Charlie smiled sweetly at him. The picture of innocence.
Cas’ voice was soft but pleading.
Ollie jumps off his father and holds his nerf gun over his head. “Victory!”
“From behind,” Dean replied eagerly. “Fuck me hard and fast, Cas. Fuck me like you mean it.”
Charlie just smiled. “You’ll see.”
They heard shuffling behind the door for a moment before it swung open in a huff.
“So is this a savior complex thing? Am I supposed to thank you now?”
Dean’s chest filled with pride that his friend had gotten his picture into a gallery downtown, and he smiled at it for a long time before venturing inside. He wasn’t sure if Castiel would actually be there, but he checked his hair out in the window anyway.
It was her voice that pulled Castiel out of his own head, and her tone that cued him in to his own tears.
“Hey babe,” he called. Dean climbed the next set of steps and winced. His body was
“Did you see any attic access?” Dean asked.
Dean gives in to Sam and Cas' adorable request.
, Cas. You’re saying you wouldn’t break rules to save your family?”
Dean found himself kissing down the side of Cas’ neck, enjoying the burn of Cas’ stubble on his lips as he kissed and sucked his way down to the collar of Cas’ shirt.
