"ooooooooooooooh gddd ahhhhhhhhhhhh" Sherlock's moans were now a mix of choked hums and beggings, his whole body shaking, desperate to come.
Greg chuckled. When his work allowed it, he joined the "virtual tea" that brought together Sherlock, John, Rosie, Molly, Mrs. Hudson, Mycroft, Sherlock's parents, and his own daughter. It hadn't been easy to balance the schedules, especially when John and Molly were swamped at the hospital, and Greg was tirelessly supporting the emergency services.
"Heaven help us if your forensic's theories start to pan out. But they don't. Here's something else. Something... Have you seen this Avenger and Sherlock? They're identical. They could pose as each other just by changing their hair or goatee".
But the doctor showed no intention of doing so. He closed his eyes, exhaled slowly, trying to control himself. Sherlock's begging and moans could make him cum immediately if he didn't.
But he skipped this in his story, which wasn't noticed by the listeners, due to the quantity of alcohol running through their veins. He finalized it and collapsed into his chair, between whistles, claps, and suggestions for the wedding night that would have made blush the rudest sailor.
"Oooh," exclaimed the woman. "You will see, Mr. Holmes makes experiments that are safe for the girl. They are simple but interesting and entertaining."
At St. Barts, Molly frowned and walked to the man who was talking to a couple. She looked at her watch. There were six in the morning, and the man wasn’t supposed to be there.
About an hour later, while the three of them were reading on each of their respective deckchairs, a girl about Rosie's age approached her and asked something in Spanish. The girl turned to Sherlock.
"But..., this..." muttered Sherlock surprised to notice the box's weight and warmth. And even more so when the box began to whine softly.
“No, I mean it. You truly helped him. Me, instead…” he looked intently through the car window. “I should have protected him. This never should have happened to him”.
"Brilliant," mused John, and the others chuckled as they watched Sherlock and Tony swell up like a turkey.
"He is not going to throw up, is he?" the driver panicked. "If he does, you will pay for the cleaning."
He couldn't put it off any longer. He stood up slowly and gestured to the owner, who refused to take the money from him, which made his heart even smaller. He went outside and opened the door to Baker Street.
Mycroft smiled to himself. He took the bait. One of his employee's obsessions when working with him was to prove that he was smarter than him and Sherlock combined, which he never did, of course. True, he was an extremely clever man for the average, but a fool compared to the two of them. And also vain. He hated it when Mycroft recruited his brother for some mission that Clay couldn't compete with and Sherlock did it in a blink of an eye.
"It takes a lot of energy to dissolve inter-dimensional boundaries, and the universe tends to hold on to it. But your alter ego and Ross could be anywhere".
The teenager ran to the detective, staring at him with the same excitement John showed when he met the Avengers. He turned to John.
John's fingers traced a spiral pathway, each circle a little bigger than the previous one, until he drew one that ran along his waist, went through his crack, followed where the arse met his thighs, and went up the hip, as Sherlock squirmed and wriggled under the touch, moaning, grunting, and giggling.
Lestrade face was turning red and it was getting harder for him to breathe. He seriously started fearing for his life, because the doctor hand hadn’t moved a millimetre. John finally looked at him and, realizing the situation, released the grip on him. Lestrade put his hands to his throat and coughed, catching his breath.
"You really don't know? The great Mycroft Holmes doesn't know?" He let out a cold, evil, mocking laugh. "What a great truth it is that when the student is ready, he beats his master."
"I would be nice if you wouldn't get on my nerves," Molly shook her head, "Going into the building alone…"
The detective turned and went to a point where he could intercept the men. He hid behind some bushes, plotting an ambush, but before he could move, he heard a shotgun safety-catch being unlocked and felt the coldness of a barrel against his nape.
"Would you mind returning the cab and then going back with them? I would be relieved if they were with someone who knew how to shoot a gun."
Nevertheless, he couldn't delay it more. He had three victims of murder on the table, and they were, as almost always, clueless, so either he'd call the detective, or soon he'd have a fourth victim to add to the previous ones. So, swallowing, he texted Sherlock, secretly hoping that the detective would prefer to pursue other "hobbies." But half an hour later, Sherlock answered they would be at the crime scene in an hour.
John shook his head. The hallucination was just saying what he wanted to hear. Because that's what it was, a hallucination. A deep duel could provoke them; he knew it from his medical training. But hallucinations don't interact with you. And the detective seemed so real, so alive that it hurt.
"But nothing, Mycroft. Think of John. He came back from Afghanistan, with only a government pension, no help from his family, limping, PTSD, with no chance of regaining his career as a surgeon … he might have ended up like them if Standford hadn't introduced him to Sherlock. Sherlock himself could have ended up living on the street because of his addiction if it wasn't for you. The only difference between them and John or Sherlock is nobody helped them".
John raised an eyebrow, and the detective lowered his head. He knew what that gesture meant. John asked him countless times to wait for Lestrade's arrival or to leave him behind. And he'd never listened to him.
John, who until then had limited himself to watching both contestants fighting, leaned forward to bring his face as close as possible to Donovan's.
"How will we know which direction he headed?" Lestrade asked as Mycroft managed to calm himself down a bit, looking for another signpost mound.
They went slowly down the hill, crouching behind the little bushes, watching for any movement. They went down to the foot of the building and entered it. Apart from mats on the floor and dusty cups, they found nothing else.
"Who knew you'd be so keen on making cakes" teased John, taking some melted chocolate with butter, already at room temperature, and spreading it over the detective's cock, from the tip to the balls.
The detective rushed to the next grave, never ceasing to mutter. He dug his hands into the dirt. He didn't need to read the dog tag's name. Sherlock fell to his knees and pressed them to his chest, swinging back and forth, sobbing hard.
Sherlock nodded. They both got up and walked away a few yards, to sit in the shade of a small hill. Lestrade sat astride behind Mycroft and kissed him on the neck, watching them go away. Mycroft did not move.
He focused his attention again in the wormhole simulation, contemplating with satisfaction how it remained open and unchanged no matter how far the timer advanced.
They both giggled, and kept up with the torturing pace for a while, until John couldn't hold back any longer, and started fucking Sherlock with long, forceful thrusts, pistoning his hips harder and deeper inside the detective arse. Greg also speeded up the pace of his strokes and bent from time to time to lick the tip of Sherlock's cock, without forgetting about torturing his nipples.
The men holding him dragged John to the edge of the hole and forced him to his knees. The leader pulled out a gun and pointed it at John's forehead.
The five SAS who joined him and Mycroft as soon as they set foot in Afghanistan confirmed both the building and the surrounding area were empty. They found fresh tire tracks, but the beginning of the sandstorm had erased them within a few meters. Mycroft walked silently on the half-erased footprints of the 4 x 4, scrutinizing the surroundings. When the SAS informed him of the existence of the basement, the world fell in on him. But he was, above all, a Holmes and could easily focus his mind on searching for data, raising an effective barrier over any emotion that might disturb his processing.
John could see the detective was in the same state as him, his hard cock swollen and red, his thighs trembling. But detective arched an eyebrow with a clear meaning: John was not in the position of giving orders.
"Fuck me, John…… I need, oh fucking holy shit," he swore when John's tongue ran from his hole to his balls, through the shaft until the head of his cock, nibbling it softly.
Anthea, Donovan, Molly, Mrs Hudson and Craig looked at each other, puzzled, when the men stopped shooting, retreated, got into their cars and drove off at full speed.
"Your apologies are no longer valid. Moreover, you earned two punishments. One for not answering your master when he asks you, and another for disobeying me".
"Don't get your hopes up," laughed the doctor, rubbing the sponge between Sherlock's legs, climbing up his thighs to his crotch, rubbing the sponge into the crack of his ass. Sherlock moaned and squirmed, and John slapped his arse. The detective stilled as John rubbed the sponge over his testicles and cock, which began to bulge from the stimulus.
"John, don't you think this is a bit excessive?" asked Molly, looking at the number of boxes that covered the floor of her living room.
The mercenary pressed his lips firmly and did not answer. A flash of fear went through his eyes. John realized it was not for him, but for the consequences of betraying whoever hired him.
Rowan smiled in a way Sherlock realized the shepherd was aware of what Rosie was doing to mark the path to the cottage.
"hmmm, I see, you mean good cock sluts get a reward…….." teased John, looking him straight in the eye. The detective blushed slightly and nodded, "Maybe later, now we have to prepare lunch."
"The last time I cried was when I told my parents Eurus died in the fire and helped Uncle Rudy lock her up in Sherrinford. I always thought there would be nothing worse I could do, anything more horrible in my whole life. And now... John is dead, Sherlock broken... and it's all my fault"... he shook his head. "They... I thought I had everything under control".
"We will not be able to accompany you," the Captain's tone and the faces of his men, reflected disappointment. "But, we can inform you of any abnormal movements in the area."
John enjoyed those moments in intimacy, in accompanying silence. Between cases, his work, Rosie, and the wedding plan, last months had been complete madness, in which they hardly had time to be like that, alone, calm and in silence, just enjoying the pleasure of being together.
. Believe it or not, it exists. Each word is accompanied by a page number, line number, and word number. I hid it in Anthea's house while she was at work, and told her where to find it in the papers you found."
So, after hiding their guns and other weapons, John decided to clean up the flat, first because it was necessary to minimize their chances of contagion amid the pandemic and, in addition, in the vain hope of moving the detective from the couch.
"You always said you didn't need any more power, that your minor position was enough for you," Sherlock reproached him, opening the case and checking its contents.
“No, you are not, he beat you to a pulp” replied the doctor, making the detective sit on one of the chairs and checking his ribs.
I take a slight step back, reach down and wrap my fingers around his shaft.  He gasps at the contact, looks up at me with wide eyes as I begin to firmly stroke.
“I think—”  Harry begins, clearing her throat when her words come out as an unintelligible rasp.  “I think he probably knew, John,”  He looks up at her then, expression somewhat puzzled.  “Most observant man in London and all that.  You’re not exactly Fort Knox,”  She attempts a grin, hoping that this won’t make it all irreversibly worse.  His features remain joyless, but he rolls his eyes slightly in what Harry assumes is a fond way.
Sherlock is awake, lying on his side, already watching him approach with a sharpness that had been absent last night.  John exhales slowly, tamping down a bout of nausea that tries to fight its way to the surface.
difficult.  Another sigh.  His voice is low, measured.  “I’m open to anything, I think.  It’s very clear to me that we have something that I’m always going to want in my life.  I—don’t know—how to proceed,” He looks down at my hand, resting on the cushion between us.  Reaches out and places his fingers tentatively over mine. “Because I don’t know what you want.  But I liked waking up with you this morning. I think that we could have that, if you want it,” He lightly wraps his fingers around mine, squeezes slightly.  My heart leaps, stomach lurches. “I think I’ve wanted something like that for quite some time.” I look at him now, blue eyes earnest and unassuming as ever. I would do anything for him.  And hearing him voice all of this aloud has me sure that I want to get closer, in whatever way we can. We could actually do this.
He’s just spent the last three hours in meetings with old colleagues, in an attempt at staffing Baker Street now that all three flats have been gutted, scrubbed, renovated and furnished to Sherlock’s (frankly ridiculous) standards.  Each space now has its own welcoming, cosy glow, but with rather a lot less dust and clutter, and frankly
“Well, I only want to be sure that we’re on the same page.  There are a few things that aren’t clear to me, and I’d like to know where you stand.  And, Sherlock—whatever you decide, I’m fine with,” He hesitates, wanting to be clear.  “More than fine.  I’m—all of this has been—“ He huffs, exasperated with his own lack of eloquence.  But Sherlock nods, the corner of his mouth lifting slightly.
John whispers, turning his head to press his lips to my pulse point and sending a chill through my body when his tongue skims my neck.  His words broke a long silence between us—we’ve been lying here for ages in our driftwood sanctuary, covered in sand and clinging to one another.  I’ve never known such contentment—never felt such certainty. But the air is growing cold—and the fireworks had stopped long ago. “Come on,” He rolls off of me, crawling out into the open night and holding out a hand to pull me to my feet.  We take a moment to brush the sand from our clothing before locking eyes for the first time since our mouths first met.
“You’re asexual,” John says, rather than let Sherlock continue to stammer on, but there’s a question in the words.  He’s not sure he’s got it quite right.  Sherlock nods, because while he resents the necessity to give it a name, it’s close enough.  “I guess I’d assumed as much.  Until recently, I’d been under the impression that you hated to be touched.”
“Yes, well there is that,”  He doesn’t take his eyes off of the grate.  “I am entirely out of my depth.  Another of several reasons I’m rather fearful of altering the balance we’ve struck,”  John can count on one hand the number of times Sherlock has admitted to being afraid.  “But I’m certainly not opposed,”  Oh.
Thanks to everyone who has been reading along, and double thanks to those who've given input and sweet comments.
The tears that he finds there are unexpected—as is the open expression of relief in the watery pools staring back at him.  He leans in, lightly meeting the lips of this pure, freehearted creature—bringing a hand up to rest along the curve of his jaw.  Sherlock sighs, turning into the touch and pressing several final kisses to John’s palm, before turning his body toward him and burying his face in fine silver hair.
that lingers—the same one that’s always been there—but they don’t fight it anymore, they're learning instead to savour it.
Sherlock sighs, allowing the flood of affection to wash through him.  He won’t be waiting patiently for John to wake.
“You want to have a conversation about sex?” Sherlock asks, brows raised and a smile playing around his lips.  John can’t help but grin back at him.  He’s aware that his timing is a bit questionable.
“Do you think that’s likely?”  The very question that I asked John, when Mary thought he’d leave her to resume a life with me.  And it
“Thank you for having us,”  I say as we make our way inside.  The house is minimally decorated—Scandinavian aesthetic—and
“Of course it’s all right,”  He stands up, pulling John along with him.  “She can hardly pronounce my name anyway,”  He drops one of John’s hands, cupping the back of his head instead and pressing soft lips to his temple.  “Embarrassing, really,”  He says quietly against John’s skin, lingering for a long moment, fingers gliding up through his silver hair.  John shivers, involuntarily leaning into the touch.  “Come on,”  Pulling back abruptly, Sherlock whips out his mobile.  “I’ll call the movers, shall I?  We can spend the day at the cottage,”  John grins through the whiplash he’s surely gotten from Sherlock’s rapidly shifting moods.
Please let me know if you're liking it.  Not sure if I'll keep going with this one or pause it to jump back into one of my (several) other stories that are waiting to be finished.
“Not why I’m here,”  She says belatedly, wishing he’d look at her.  He’s stopped to lean against a light post, eyes fixed resolutely on the pavement.  After a moment, he nods.  “Come over for a cup of tea?”  She tries lightly, knowing that he’s only come here to avoid Baker Street and its ghosts.  Or
“What is it?”  He whispers, his face tucked against my neck.  He sounds genuinely concerned—unsure of what to do next.  He can’t know that this is a situation I’ve never found myself in before.  Has no real way of knowing that no one has ever—not even once—cared for me enough to try to get this close.  I’ve never told him just how alone in the world I was, before him. Someone like John—with his easy warmth and magnetic disposition—won’t be able to fathom reaching this point in life and having no concept of what it feels like to have someone’s arms around you like this—someone you love.  The
“We need you,”  He chokes out.  “We can figure something out, you don’t have to—to leave,”  Tears are streaming down his cheeks now.  Can’t be helped.  He angrily swipes at his face, watching as Sherlock’s eyes grow wide in the same way they do when he’s found the clue that cracks the case.  His mouth slowly opens in a silent
“I’m straight,”  John says, sipping his coffee, unconcerned with the incredulous looks being shot at him.  “I know how it sounds,” He looks at me, shrugging. “There’s always been something between us—it’s been there from day one—but I obviously didn’t see it for what it was.”
The long arms wrapped around his back tighten, fingers threaded through his hair clinging desperately.  The lithe body beneath him moves to match his momentum, a choir of eager gasps and urgent groans between them as the force of their writhing forms builds toward a crescendo.
At some point John must have lain down beside him, tired but unwilling to release the hold he’d had on Sherlock’s seemingly immutable misery.  But he
We meet the husband--Charles--when Stella leads us to the kitchen--Minnie trailing in her wake.  “This is where we found it,” He points to a space beside a single wooden beam. He’s a bit older, early forties, with a wisp of light brown hair.  “There was a wall here. We tore it down to open the place up,” He hands me the folded piece of paper he’s been clutching. “Better feng shui, you know.”
When I approach the others, John automatically wraps an arm around my waist, bringing me into their circle.  Mrs. Hudson watches this casually affectionate gesture and grins up at me. She still hasn’t quite calmed down about our relationship—providing a steady stream of smug smiles and inappropriate questions each time I see her.  I wonder if she’s asked John which of us bottoms, or if it’s only me who’s had the privilege of stammering through a response to that particular question. She never gets answers, but she keeps on asking. Still, it’s nice to be so wholly accepted, I suppose.  She only wants the best for us.
John grins at me over his BLT.  “Must be something we can do in the meantime,” There he goes again.  Reading me like a book. “Find out where he works somehow? Or--I don’t know--”  He trails off. Pops a chip in his mouth. I’ve already tried to find out who employs him.  He’s unfortunately quite adept at flying under the radar--a skill that generally pairs well with a guilty conscience.  Ruth didn’t have any knowledge of how he spends his days. She wasn’t interested in chatting when he showed up at her flat last December.  Sent him away, shocked to have heard from him at all. He had slipped a note under her door with his phone number and address (
Looking at John now, he knows that he has to make the decision on his own.  He’s been trudging along for months now, maybe waiting for things to get better, waiting for the constant flood of pain to begin to recede.  Seems it’s only gotten worse.  That’ll happen.  The thing about death is it’s quite permanent, and last night must have been a bad one if it’s triggered all this.
Sherlock tears at a piece of bread and steals a glance at John, who’s tucking in enthusiastically as he is wont to do when there’s food within his reach.  When John notices Sherlock looking, he swallows the bite of mussel he’d been chewing and finally speaks.
“Turkey’s in.  Turns out it takes about four bloody hours, so the timing should be right,”  We’re eating around three—an early meal, as Molly is spending the evening with her fiancé’s family in Croydon.  John leans against the worktop next to me. “I’m so glad we’re doing this. Thank you for this.”
are you doing here?” I splutter indignantly.  He purses his lips into a thin line, and his eyes narrow at me over his shoulder as he hangs his coat.
He sighs.  “Look, mate--Not everyone is thrilled at the idea of you coming back on cases.  I hadn’t known it was an issue until this morning. We’ve got a few tossers who are afraid of bad press after everything that’s happened,”  He takes a deep swig of beer. “I’m going to just ignore them and hope they go away, but we might have to find some more official ways of taking you on if you’re going to consult with us regularly again.”  Oh. Boring. As if they could stop me from doing their jobs for them if they tried.
happen.  Obviously for whatever reason Ajay has managed to track down Mary much earlier than in the timeline of the show.  So she isn't around to casually mention that
Full disclosure:  I don't know shit about science or labwork or any of it, and was too impatient to extensively research what's actually possible to extract from drugged coffee—or what methods are used.  I just wanted to get back to writing about them being angsty and then touching each other through their t-shirts.  So feel free to correct any blatant scientific blunders I've made—it'll only get worse from here.
My brow furrows.  Ill? What does that mean, exactly?  Surely he wouldn’t be telling me like this if he had simply caught a cold.  I need data. Need to process this. He has access to the best medical care available in the UK.  What could it possibly be, that it can’t be swiftly cured? It seems to have altered his entire demeanor--an extremely unsettling thing to witness.  Why hadn’t I realized? I’d noticed he was going out of his way to be gracious. I’d noticed his odd behavior long ago, and never even considered that it could be--
“Tired of listening to them talk war?”  Danny asks, a knowing look on his face. “I’ve had to accept that I’ll never understand.  It’s a big part of his life that I wasn’t there for. Not easy to come to terms with,” He’s right, it isn’t.  I’ve always been sorry that John and I met so late in life. He has a layered past—so many experiences—so many
Here, now—it leaves him entirely oblivious to all else—existing only within the hollows of their mouths, registering naught but the tongue that slides languidly against his own, the taste of the man who’s turned his world upside down and the way his body comes alive beneath him.
“Coffee,”  John says, nudging Sherlock gently where he stands leaning against the worktop, still quiet and bleary-eyed.  The sun is only just beginning to rise, sending scattered squares of colour over the hardwood floors through the stained-glass windows.  Sherlock accepts the mug with a quirk of his lips, sips it gratefully.
“Don’t you bloody dare say anything kind to me right now,”  Harry stands on one leg and leans against the doorframe of what will be her room for the next sixty days, arms crossed and scowling at John as he hovers uncertainly in the hallway.  His own bag sits at his feet, packed for the imminent trip back to London.  It’s been a long day.  A long, quiet and lifeless day filled with anxious pacing and suppressed emotion, followed by an extremely strained hour on a train.  But they’ve made it here—to Leeds, to the recovery clinic, to (he hopes) the first day of the rest of Harry’s life.
“Yeah, Sherlock.  It’s been good,”  John agrees, laughing quietly.  “Bit of an understatement, from my end.  I—should tell you—I’ve—or well, I
But lately he’s not so sure he was right to assume that at all.  For a long time now he’s thought of Rosie as
“My brother held yours in high regard.  That isn’t something that I take lightly.  If he’s struggling, I’ll do whatever I can,”  She sighs, resigned.  Clearly, she hadn’t expected to have to take on this burden—never thought she’d be the one to pick up the pieces of her brother’s shattered life when she’s barely holding herself together as it is.
Long fingers on the small of my back, the soft sounds of steady breathing.  Watching me? Probably. Observing, deducing. I wonder what he sees. I’ve always wondered what he sees in me.
“Thought you two might like a cup of joe,”  He says, smiling broadly. I lift my head from John’s chest to see him rubbing the sleep out of his eyes—just waking up, then.  “Sorry to wake you. Late night?”
love with you,”  He breathes shakily, watching as a tear slips free from the corner of Sherlock’s eye.  John reaches up, gently brushing it away with the pad of his thumb.   “I think you know that, but all the same.  I’m so bloody grateful for you, Sherlock.  You're everything to me,"  He feels a wave of relief at saying these words aloud after all this time.  Sherlock can do with them what he will, but he deserves to hear it.  "You’ve always been everything to me.”
“Nice to meet you,”  John grins, his tone more genuine than it’s been with anyone else we’ve met here thus far.  He must sense something in Ben. “Officially.”
“I’m not sure where to begin,”  He rumbles, looking rather tense.  John sighs, still unable to wipe the smile entirely from his face.
“Yes,” Sherlock’s fingers find his where they rest on the floor between them.  He cautiously covers John’s hand with his own.
I start a pot of coffee and take a brisk shower.  When I return to the kitchen, John is standing at the worktop, milk and sugar in hand.  We have fried eggs for breakfast and smile at one another over our mugs as we quietly sip our coffees.
It was John who’d reached out first, sliding a hand gently down one long arm without thinking twice about it, and it had seemed easy, then—it made sense, in that moment—for Sherlock to tip forward and rest his head on John’s chest.  John had smiled and allowed it, rolling his eyes and glaring at Lestrade and the others as they snapped photos of the two of them wrapped around each other in their booth.  He’d stroked Sherlock’s back, because he’d wanted to, because it felt like the natural thing to do.  To make him feel safe, and wanted.  He’d let Sherlock hold onto him while he slept for the first time in two days.  He’d stayed, quiet and still, when all their friends had left.
I take his hand, and we walk in silence along the moonlit beach, back to our temporary dwelling.  It seems that everyone has gone to sleep—we enter to find a quiet, empty space. Our bag lies outside of a closed door in the hallway, so we push through to our room.  Modest. Clean. I immediately strip to my pants—all prior insecurities dead and buried—throwing my sandy clothes in a pile on the floor and crawling beneath the green plaid duvet.  John watches me, saying nothing—then, slowly, he does the same.
“Talk to me,”  She demands, handing him a steaming mug and dropping down into the armchair beside the couch.  The look he gives her is brief, but glutted with the sort of concentrated disdain that no doubt serves as a proper warning for anyone who’s dared to get in his way.  She glares right back, truly unmoved by her brother’s attempts at intimidation.  “Go on then.”
muted it, almost entirely.  Reduced it to a manageable thud so that Sherlock could slip under, could surrender, could sleep.
An unassuming seat by the water—a setting for two profound moments in his life.  He seems rooted in place—much like I was, all those days ago—so I take the first step for him.  We slide, side by side, onto the bench and look out at the cold, empty lake. Lost in our own thoughts, we grip each other’s hands tightly and say nothing.  Still and silent. This time, when I turn to look at John, his eyes are on me.
“Well yeah, yeah a bit,”  Sherlock swallows, turns his head, peering down the empty street as it begins to lightly snow.  “Sherlock,” John says quickly, realizing that for all his brilliance, the idiot has misunderstood.  “I regret that we didn’t find our way here
"He has a dinner reservation in the Marylebone Road."  A date then. "Nice little spot. They have a few bottles of the 2000 St. Emilion.  Though I prefer the 2001..." I'll interrupt. Spare him the company of whatever vapid female he's chosen to distract himself this week.
“I’m not going to off myself, you know,”  He says, bluntly.  “I want to.  Christ—”  He shakes his head, looks down again.  “But I won’t.  They all think I’m about to go blow my bloody head off.  Mycroft took my gun, first thing.  Thinks I haven’t noticed, that I haven’t checked whether it’s still there now that I’ve got no one to protect,”  The tears are back, but he gives Greg a wry smile.  “I’ve got this feeling, Greg—can’t explain it.  Just—feels like something’s coming that I need to be around for,”  He stands up straight, tucks his hands back in his pockets.  “Guess we’ll see,”  He says, as he shoulders his way out the door.
“All right?”  I glance up from where my head rests on my forearms, having dropped it at some point out of resignation.  The doe-eyed waiter hovers at my side, looking me up and down. “Your friend running late, then?” I scoff.  Late. It’s nearly half one and I haven’t gotten so much as a text message, let alone the man himself. Should have known he wouldn’t actually come.  It seems as though I’ve well and truly destroyed things between us this time. I’ve spent each of the eighty eight minutes I’ve sat here waiting thinking exactly that.
“You haven’t—”  Fingertips placed gently on John’s jaw guide him to meet Sherlock’s eyes at last.  He sighs, seeing immense concern in those sharp grey orbs.  “You haven’t failed, Sherlock.  You haven’t failed us in any way.  This is—me.  This is one of the lovely lasting effects of trauma.  We’ve talked about it, you know that it’s never going to leave me entirely.  I’ve forgiven you, and I don’t really even think about it anymore—but the fact that you’d gone and planned all of this without involving me at all—”  He pauses, trying his damndest not to sound accusatory.  “Irrational as it may be, it hadn’t even occurred to me that you were trying to plan a future for us.  I thought that you were going off on your own because you felt that you had to,”  John swallows, hoping that this explanation isn’t cruel.  “Again.”
“Only slightly?  I’d have thought considerably,”  He attempts a smile. I watch him for a moment.  He hasn’t stopped fidgeting, but he’s holding my gaze.  “Sherlock...” He trails off.
anyone.  But my heart—and the rest of my body—only wanted to make up for lost time.  Wanted to show him exactly how much he is loved. So I let him have me.
John says nothing, plopping a tea bag into his mug and turning around once more.  He takes a moment to study Sherlock, who is fidgeting a bit, slowly turning the stolen cup of tea between long fingers, staring right back at John as though willing him to understand what he’s actually trying to ask.  John is at a loss.  Sherlock has never shown any sign of annoyance at the term, but John is quite certain that he doesn’t actually
After a long, contemplative pause, he jerks his head back toward the building.  “Lives upstairs. Not in at the moment. Come back later.”
I sit hunched over my laptop in our excessively blue room, eyeing the paper cup of coffee on the desk to my right.  It’s gone cold. Drink it anyway? Yes, I think so.
Overall, it’s been a fairly productive day—they’ve succeeded at ensuring her life will stay intact, and for that, John is grateful.  But he hasn’t heard from Sherlock once.
Everything is quiet for a moment.  Too quiet.  Much too bloody quiet.  Eventually, John’s hand disappears from his neck—instantly leaving him feeling cold, regretful, strange.  Sherlock wants to pull away, now, to flee, escape the onslaught of rejection that’s sure to come.  Before he can force his limbs to do so, however, John’s palm lands warmly against his cheek instead, the pad of his thumb tracing the sensitive skin beneath one of Sherlock’s tightly closed eyes.
His thoughts are clearly attempting to run rampant now, trying to avoid the situation at hand.  He takes a deep breath, letting it out slowly.  One of the calming techniques Ella had burned into his brain all those years ago—possibly the only thing he took away from those sessions.
We part, and I watch him walk away.  He looks back, just a quick glance. Questioning reality, still.  I'm really here, John. Once he's out of sight, I sink back down onto the bench.  My eyes go to the water, barely seeing it, and I sit. Think. Still and silent.
He’s trying to stay silent—frenzied puffs of breath—writhing and squirming, twisting and floundering.
“John,”  His voice from the kitchen, summoning me.  Typical. I’d heard his mobile ping a minute ago, was ready to be torn from my half-slumber on this absurdly comfortable couch.  I sigh, rolling over and dragging myself upright. Shuffle into the kitchen to find him perched at the table, laptop in front of him, mobile in hand.
Dr. Joel Fleischman and the (fictional) town of Cicely, Alaska are from Northern Exposure--my absolute favorite television show in existence.  The characters in NoEx are as real to me as these two men are, so I figured I'd bring one of them to London to help Sherlock figure out his shit.  ♡
“John,” Sherlock gasps, pulling back to look at him.  His eyes are stunningly dark, a bit wild, swimming with emotion and a hint of concern.  “What—“ John shakes his head, closes his eyes tightly.  Feels hot tears spill over and run sideways down his cheek.  Sherlock brushes them away.  Seems to freeze for a moment, but then he’s kissing John again.  Slowly, carefully.
After they’d screamed at each other in the hallway outside John’s tiny, miserable flat, after Sherlock had tried and failed to explain, after John had raged and stormed inside and slammed the door and then stomped back out and yelled some more—
My hips rock relentlessly against his now leaking cock.  Quickly freeing myself from the confines of my trousers, I line us up.
Once we get home, John builds a fire in the grate while I make tea.  He flips on the telly and we huddle together beneath a blanket on the couch, sipping quietly and pretending to focus on whatever asinine program is playing out in front of us.  I’m barely aware of it, distracted by the warm line of John’s body pressed against my side from shoulder to hip. It’s maddening.
idea where I was going with this case as I wrote it.  It all played out as I typed, and it probably shows.
“I miss you,”  John says quietly, his voice cracking miserably as though the words themselves are painful to say.  Sherlock’s head snaps up, surprised.  He tosses the shell.
I startle myself back to consciousness with a sudden burst of panic.  It takes me a moment to regain my bearings—still slumped atop John, arms pinned beneath him, my now soft cock has slipped out of his body.  Oh,
We found our way back to one another after a few months apart.  I spent that time in a persistent black mood, still using and completely adrift—forced to admit that I was lost without him, but confused by the rage he’d directed at me.  Eventually we talked through a lot of our demons, resolved many of our lingering issues. Forgave, forgot. Cleared the air. And when things became difficult again, we were ready to be there for one another.  Everything Eurus put us through ended up bringing us closer, in the end. It was more clear to me than ever that John is my family, that I need him in my life. He had evidently had a similar revelation, because we’d found some sort of unspoken understanding after that.  And when Eurus took her own life six months later, he was there for me, too.
His lips on my throat, my jaw, my cheek as the relentless grind continues through the fabric of our trousers.  He leans back slowly, looks up at me, then--promise and intention in his
The walls are a very light pink, with large-scale foliage painted in sweeping strokes across them in various shades of green.  There are birds scattered throughout, bringing little pops of colour to the impressive panorama.  Everything is outlined with thin black brushstrokes, making it appear timeless—a permanent fixture.  Rosie has wasted no time exploring the sprawling scene, her stubby fingers tracing over the wing of a crane and trailing up over a grandiose fern.  When she turns back to the two of them, still hovering in the doorway, her tiny features are illuminated with eager elation.
We find Henry in the kitchen, sitting at the table sipping a cup of coffee and scrolling through his phone.
After that damning phone call, he had headed straight for his flat—not to pack a bag, but to retrieve his trusty handgun.  And the rest, as they say, is history.
The two of them manage to trip through the back door and spiral gracelessly up the staircase—elated, nearly giddy—helplessly clutching onto one another.  Once the landing is firmly beneath their feet, however, all sense of levity evaporates—a heady fog settling over them as Sherlock takes John’s hand and leads him straight down the hall to his bedroom.
He’d called her this morning after they’d managed to get dressed (though another half hour was lost to a thoroughly distracting snog on Sherlock’s bed).  She’d asked no questions, made no clever comments, only agreed to bring Rosie home at three o’clock—
Sherlock has been in his lab for the past hour, unpacking boxes of test tubes and flasks, placing objects on shelves, seemingly with no rhyme or reason.  John had watched him for a bit, perched quietly on the worktop as Sherlock fiddled with his microscope and carefully transferred an ongoing experiment from a box into his new posh fridge.  Eventually exhaustion had caught up with him, so John made his way outside and collapsed onto the grass.
But what of the small ones?  What of the moments easily forgotten, pushed aside?  How many times had he denied their partnership, declaring himself
difficult for you,” I glare.  He furrows his brow, turns to John.  “Your friend Mr. Collins is backed by some of the most powerful men in the world.  It isn’t difficult for these men to make someone’s entire existence impossible to trace.  Mr. Collins is essentially a ghost,” He sighs, turning to me once more. “Don’t try to
Later, she corners me in the kitchen on my way out of the loo.  John and my father are in the sitting room, quietly discussing their fondness for writing.  “So the two of you--it’s official then?” Her eyebrows are raised to her hairline, her expression one of unguarded hope and expectation.  I nod, and can’t quite help letting a satisfied smile spread slowly across my face. “He’s wonderful,” She says. “I’ve never seen you like this.”  She hasn’t. I’ve never been like this before.
He shakes his head, a futile attempt at shaking off the unwanted memory.  Each time that this happens—less frequently, now, but still much more often than he’d like—he continuously slips back into it until he finds himself quietly sobbing into his palms.  His current bleak reality is constantly melding with the past that he so desperately longs to return to.
Sherlock wants to kiss him.  It occurs to him now that he never has.  That they’ve done all this wildly out of order—but that’s them all over, isn’t it?
know,”  He hisses.  “And I need you to tell us.  You can go ahead and toss whatever secret society bollocks is keeping you quiet,”  Mycroft rolls his eyes. “We’ve got reason to believe Hal is dangerous—violent—and he’s got his eye on Sherlock,”  Is that all this is, then? He thinks
John fights his way out of what is doubtlessly the most intense fog of arousal he’s experienced in his life, wanting desperately to get this right and to remember every second of it.  In this moment he can’t be certain that the two of them aren’t one entity—he cannot be sure that they aren’t fused together inextricably on a molecular level, bound to each other in some way that John had not previously realized two human beings could be.  He can feel every part of Sherlock as though it were a part of himself—the savage beat of their synchronized hearts a constant thrumming presence in his ears, body, scattered mind.
Hands still slippery with shampoo, I slide one down his torso and take his erection in hand.  The other snakes down between his cheeks to massage lightly along the crack. He breathes out a long moan and leans back against my chest, pinning my arm between us.  I stroke along his shaft, torturously slow, as my fingers continue caressing the sensitive skin along his arse. My strokes gradually increase until I’m feverishly tugging, John whining and groaning beneath my fingers.  My wrist flying, jerking, grip tightening, I feel him begin to unravel. I stall the slow slide of my fingers between his cheeks, pause--searching--and then push--
“Yes, yes of course,”  John slides off of his stool, backing up immediately and never letting go of my arms.   Hal watches this possessive gesture with a slightly sour look on his face. “I’m here nearly every night—you know where to find me,”  Indeed we do. We’ve found him here three out of the three nights we’ve been in. Time to take a break from the Rainbow, I think.
with him?”  John swallows, willing his suddenly galloping heart to slow.  He finds that he’s nodding, slowly.  Slowly nodding.
"John" alerted Lestrade, taking him out of his thoughts pointing to one of the plane's screens, where several TV announced a special statement related with a government member.
John opened his eyes wide looking at the detective. If he didn't even know that the Earth revolved around the Sun, how could he possibly know what was going on with matter and antimatter?"
Mycroft got up and went over to the lectern. The door opened, and Donovan and Anderson came in, accompanied by Gregson and the Chief Superintendent.
"Flatterer. I don't expect any compliments from Sherlock, mostly because God knows where his head is at the moment".
Rosie smiled. If her daddy said Tommy was going to be ok, he will. She kissed John’s cheek and embraced him.
John made Sherlock lie on the bed and straddled him, supporting his body with his forearms and feet, being careful not to rest his upper body onto Sherlock’s chest. It was kind of frustrating not be able to join their bodies, but extremely arousing at the same time, feeling their bodies' warmth without being able to touch each other, their hips the only point of contact between them, both already fully hard, panting and moaning softly, when they rubbed their erections.
Lestrade, who initially thought it was a bad joke, got livid when he realized Mycroft meant it. Enraged and disbelieving, he left Mycroft's house after a massive argument, intending never to meet that insensitive sadist again.
He turned his hands, opened a new sizzling portal, and the Baker Street living room in front of them. John invited him in to enter.
“John, no, no, no wait, nnggggggggggggggg John!” he begged, sobbing, begging, but before he could realize what was happening, John had laid down on his back and sneaked beneath him, taking Sherlock’s cock in his mouth. The detective let out a howled sob, crazy with oversensitivity and exhaustion, his body reacting, quickly looking for his third orgasm, at the same time trying to escape from John’s killing mouth.
"But the way Eurus scared Sherlock to death, making him scream, the way she looked at him and Victor, especially this one, was... creepy”.
“I’ve lost them!” he shouted, devastated, “Don’t you understand? I lost our daughter! I left her in a stranger’s hands,” he sobbed, clenching his fists, tears running down his face, upset about John’s calmness.
He pulled his fingers out, and Sherlock grunted, feeling relieved and empty, longing for the feeling and the fullness of John's cock inside him. The doctor moved away a bit, untied the detective and kissed him, pulling the sweaty hair away from his forehead, as Sherlock gasped, trying to catch his breath, his eyes fixed in John's cock.
John, who remained motionless until then, absent from all that was going on around him, turned, noticing their presence. His gesture of sadness gave way to one of disbelief and finally reflected infinite rage. He rose to his feet, and before Lestrade could stop him, he strides up to them and faces Donovan and Anderson.
He jumped on his car, shifting in his seat to rearrange his erection into a more comfortable position. During the trip home, he had to adjust his trousers a couple of times and then forced himself to grip the wheel till his knuckles went white, to control the urge of freeing his cock and stroke himself in every red traffic light.
He took the phone and put it in his boyfriend's hand, who looked at it as if he didn't know what it was.
Sherlock turned to him. The same James Sholto he met at the wedding: shoulders back, head held high, eyes flaming with determination. Although he was dressed in civilian clothes, it was easy to guess his military past.
Lestrade and Mycroft knew that if Sherlock stayed in London while the doctor flew to Afghanistan, it only was because John asked him to. The doctor didn't want to endanger the detective's life; after all, it was just a week's mission, and with John's knowledge of the terrain and the help of his former army mates, it would be easily solved.
"Mrs. Hudson was right; you are a reptile," snarled Sherlock, panting, sitting astride his brother again.
And not any kind of moan, but one that stated the detective was plunged into a cloud of sexual pleasure so deep that bordered the unbearable.
An advantage that the Serbian realised too late when his smile faded as he noticed a very intense pain caused by the pressure of two of the man's fingers on the back of his hand, while with a quick movement he turned his wrist outward, breaking it.
"No signs of violence?" he mocked "Someone broke her neck, twisting it to rend vertebrae" He stood up, snapping his gloves off and moving out of the cubicle "Congratulations, Anderson, your incompetence has reached levels never before known by mankind."
“Don’t worry, John, we will lead him to A & E” Anderson stepped in, delighted with the idea of annoying a bit the detective, but with a bit of affectionate tone.
Lestrade got petrified. A group of mercenaries materialized in front of him, dressed in black, their faces hidden with balaclavas.
He was sitting on a transparent box containing the bomb, the timer running backwards. They had less than eight minutes left.
Sherlock got out from TESCO with the milk and started walking, his mind reliving, again and again, John’s words and the balsamic effect they had in his scarred soul. He stored the scene in his Mind Palace, in John’s wing, so he could reproduce it as many times as he wanted.
John chuckled, observing the sleuth looking at their flat windows as a shipwrecked would look at the lifeline.
Grumbling, the detective crunched in a half-squat between Luke and Bill, the first one standing in front of him and Bill behind him, both facing the detective.
John tilted his head and pulled his hair gently. Sherlock moaned and deepened the kiss, as John licked at Sherlock's upper lip, slowly tracing it with his tongue. The detective parted his lips and felt John's tongue gently stroking his tongue against his.
Mycroft pursed his lips, frustrated. “Nor the MI 5 neither the MI 6 have any clue about Moran’s whereabouts, in Great Britain or in the rest of the world. He vanished in the air thirteen years ago, like a ghost”.
He drank eagerly, filled his glass again, and returned to Mycroft. Sherlock's brother looked terrible: large dark circles under his eyes, red and swollen from crying. All his haughtiness, phlegm, and self-confidence had been replaced by a sad air and an insecure look, hard to recognize in him. Lestrade gave him a glass of water, which Mycroft refused.
"I have to admit, "breathed the detective after a while, turning and huddling over John, "you know how to turn a boring holiday into something amazing, glorious, and fucking awesome."
"Oh, you have to learn that time doesn't go by the same for children, Sherlock. She hasn't slept a wink in the excitement of the trip."
Allies, she needed allies. Specially Lestrade. She ran out from the office and went down to the archive. The former DI was putting on his coat.
"Steps," warned Holmes again, forcing him back up. Another door opened, and Holmes pushed him hard, making him fall, but instead of on the floor, he fell on a mattress. A mattress? A bed.
Lestrade was mute with amazement and, altogether with his therapist, they proposed him a deal: if he gave up drugs, he could advise him on the crimes they could not solve. He ignored the pompous "all of them, them” the young brunette snapped.
"I'm sorry to bother you," the pathologist's worried face appeared on the screen. "But Rosie doesn't stop asking about you and John, and I don't know what to do anymore to calm her. Lestrade and Mycroft were here and... well, she's your daughter. Even though we all acted like everything is all right, and Rosie pretended to believe it, as soon as they left, she begged me to let her talk to you both, just a short phone call... She hasn't even gone to bed yet. I think she needs to know you both are all right... ".
From time to time, he glanced at the children while they played. Sherlock was right. They quickly organized themselves, and soon their shouting and laughter filled that area of the beach. Rosie inherited his sporting skills and soon was throwing the ball high and hard, scoring goals and defending her pitch, which soon gave them an advantage over the opposing team that turned into a landslide victory in the end.
"You already did," John mused faintly, drinking avidly. "I'm fine," he assured, trying to calm Sherlock down, to vanish his gesture of fury, rage, and despair that only came when someone dared to hurt John.
As Sherlock expected, the other jumped on their feet and pulled out their weapons. Only one of them had a gun; the other was gripping prison self-made knives. They ambled, trying to catch any movement around them. The detective moved a couple of meters and stood again, threw the stone, and beat the man of the gun before he could shoot, whose body slumped heavily.
Sherlock complied, and John shoved his cock in his mouth again, thrusting his hips harder and harder, his hand pressing the back of Sherlock's head, keeping him from moving.
"Couldn't we just skip to the kissing part?" asked Sherlock. John scowled at him. "No, of course not." He turned to Mycroft, 'You heard J..., my boyfriend. When we go over the plan, we'll let you know."
"Shit, shit, shit," he cursed in a low voice, memories strangling him. Once more, he lost them all. Once again, he failed. When he decided to accompany Sherlock to rescue John, he thought it would be a chance to redeem himself. To escape the nightmares, memories, and guilt that haunted him since the day he was the only one in Afghanistan to survive after a raid by his team into enemy territory. And now, a new hell was opening at his feet.
"Why was he back?" asked Lestrade, who decided to wait in the corridor, fearful that John's anger would at some point turned against him. "Arresting the last one was a matter of hours. Sherlock knew it."
“Fight as much as you want. We both know how this will end. Well, both of us and the welcome committee I have prepared for you. It’s amazing the list of people you’ve fucked during all these years in your work as a detective. They are very keen to return you the favour”.
He didn’t tell John the truth. He didn’t delete it. He couldn’t, in spite of all his efforts. Not even with drugs. So he decided to bury it, as deep as he could.
"Of course I can," he replied, disdainful "it's not the first time someone tries to impersonate me to charge me with a crime."
Outside the bed, he tucked him back in and kissed him on the cheek. He put on his swimsuit (Sherlock threw his shorts who knows where the night before as both went down to the beach kissing fiercely and eagerly undressing each other) and a T-shirt and went down to the terrace.
Still trembling with fear and anguish, he moved the stones and dug in the sand with both hands. At first, he did it slowly, terrified at the thought of running into John's inert body at any moment. But when he became convinced it was empty, he took pne of the shoves and dug until he reached the end of the hole. Empty. There was never anyone buried in it.
Sherlock whined, unable to form words. John chuckled, cupped Sherlock's swollen sack in one hand, gently fondling it, rolling them between his fingers. Sherlock's toes curled in the sand when John relaxed his throat and deepthroated the detective,  burying his nose in Sherlock's skin the smell of sex, musk, and Sherlock getting him mad, wishing he would be able to eat the detective alive.
"It was all calculated. The risk was calculated. Everything was planned down to the last detail," he mumbled, sunk, rubbing his cheek. "I should have listened to Sherlock, Gregory."
Lestrade looked at him, surprised. It was easy to forget these men had a life before living in the streets, with a job, a family, and a routine. Life, at times, could be a bitch.
"It's all set," announced Bart. He bent down in front of Rosie, offering her his arm, as if at an official reception, "Will you come with me, miss?"
“And you could learn something from him.“ added Sally “ you have been working with him during ten years and you are as moron as you were the first day.”
"She is the celebrities' vet," Molly replied. "Could you help me?" she asked, opening the door and dragging the carrier with difficulty.
“Enough! Everyone shut up and get into the car!” Donovan ordered. She was starting to understand Lestrade's exasperation when she and Sherlock engaged in endless taunt duels.
Anthea bent down beside her and Donovan felt her heart racing, without truly understanding what was happening to her. They looked at each other, nodded, and turned to the windows to keep shooting. At the same time, Mrs Hudson and Molly did so in the other, the second closing her eyes every time she pulled the trigger, always finding a target in her erratic firing, the first one shooting man after man who was trying to get closer to the door.
“Where are you, John? I’ll pick you up. We just received another call reporting Sherlock took the kids as hostages”.
Sherlock’s heart stopped beating at the nickname, at the sound of that voice he tried so hard to forget, at that hated tone he knew so well, mixed of menace and taunt.
Sherlock looked at him, blinking, processing his big brother's words. Mycroft grabbed the chair out of the detective's hands.
Both climbed the stairs to Lestrade’s office. The DI requested to officers to get back the rest of the boxes to the Archive.
"Rosie, I'll be back in a little while. Don't open up to anyone," Moly shouted inside and closed the door.
“I heard him talking,” lied Sherlock. It wouldn’t be worthy of trying to explain the man he deduced it “I’m camping with fourteen kids. I cannot put them at risk”.
Sherlock's fingers moved to the middle of John's forehead and rubbed his thumbs to his nose, tracing the path to the tip, drawing the arches of his eyes, returning to his nose with his fingertips to finally draw the line under his cheekbones, down from his temples to his neck until his jaw.
When the pathologist disappeared, before Donovan could stop her, Mrs. Hudson got out of the vehicle and headed for the building stairs. She walked slowly and awkwardly, almost limping, as if her hip hurt more than usual, smiled thankfully at the man who opened the door for her and walked hesitantly to the reception desk.
Sally shook her head, angry and incredulous, of how easily Sherlock outwitted them right under their noses.
They both chuckled. Sherlock climbed up slowly, panting with effort, with John firmly holding on to him. He would have preferred to climb up by himself, holding on with one arm, but he knew the detective would not have given his arm away.
"Daddy, no!" Rosie shouted before bursting out, laughing as John tickled her. "Papa!" she cried with laughter, "save me!”
John should have hit Sherlock’s prostate because the detective moaned so loud that Lestrade was afraid it could be heard out of his office. The DI knew he had to cut the eavesdropping, that they were illegally invading John and Sherlock’s privacy, but hearing them making love had something hypnotic, addictive, not only for him but for everyone in the room. Lestrade could feel his cock hardening, and, looking at the other men, the sexual game had the same effect on them.
"I know how to hid my emotions from Sherlock. I have always been doing it since he was a child. And he was too focused on rescue John to deduce me".
But bit by bit, that short blond man who almost went unnoticed, became an essential part of Holmes' work and life. What did the freak call him? Ah yes, his Conductor of Light. Just what she needed now. She smiled softly about the idea of solving crimes with John Watson by her side.
He tensed up. Sherlock stepped back, watching him cautiously. John felt like crying as he realized the detective was watching his fist out of the corner of his eye.
They couldn't see inside 221B because Anthea and Craig drew the heavy curtains that Sherlock used to blind the windows, but only the hacker's expertise and devices prevented them from listening and seeing what was going on inside.
"It never happened before. Sometimes portals are opened, and beings from other dimensions invade ours, or we can go to the other. But until now, they have never coexisted."
"No..., Sherlock said a name, how it was, how it was... ah Charmant!" shouted the pathologist, making all the heads turn towards her
"When I was dressing for John and Mary's wedding," he sighed without looking at Greg, "it was the worst day of my life."
"I know. What I mean is he knew Clay was dangerous. He knew he could die, what he was doing and why he wanted to do it. And he decided it was worth, for you".
The man nodded and gestured to his men, who walked quickly to the enormous black Kamaz Master truck parked a few meters away. Mycroft sat down next to the driver and set a course on the GPS. Lestrade settled down behind him as the vehicle drove into the desert.
Until now, he had managed his feelings and silenced them because his contact with Strange was scarce. But next to Holmes, his brain read him like Strange, and his emotions drove him almost out of breath.
"As Ela taught me, I cannot change what I did. But I can learn from it and show Sherlock that I am worthy of all the love, understanding, and generosity he brings me every minute of my life, that he brought me since the day we met. And this encourages me to try to be better for him. To fight to become who that amazing human being deserves".
But Sherlock slows, gracefully easing his way into what John knows somehow, intuitively and definitively, is the third and final movement in this intimate concerto.  The piece representing the present.  His ears perk up, already recognizing the tune.
As if to prove me wrong, Hal sidles up out of the shadows to greet us.  He takes my hand, holds on for a beat too long.
We spend the afternoon hanging about the house, chatting about our recent case, the trip they’re planning in Leicester this weekend, what restaurants we’d like to visit while we’re in town.
John’s lips are pressed—unhesitating, soft but sure—against the underside of Sherlock’s jaw when he finally speaks again.  “We can.”
“Yes,” Sherlock mutters, lifting his head to press his lips to John’s cheek, then resuming his place tucked up against his neck.
“All right,” I say quietly, swallowing around the lump in my throat.  I don’t trust myself to say more.
I wake gradually to the sensation of fingertips tracing the lines of my collarbone.  A gentle touch, a soft, comforting pressure. Morning light shines through my closed eyelids.  The scents of sex, of sweat, of
“You know what it is, then?”  He begins to carefully unwrap the package, setting the paper on the worktop.  I nod. I thought my brother might take it upon himself to do this. Surprised that it took him this long, really.  John holds in his hands a black plastic box. “Oh, God. Wow, Mycroft,” He breathes—unlatches it and flips open the lid.  Inside is a Sig Sauer P226—John’s gun. But this one has never seen the bottom of a lake. The box also contains all necessary certifications for him to legally own the firearm.  I’m not convinced that having a record of ownership is the best idea for us, but I suppose Mycroft is thinking of a time when he’ll no longer be there to bail us out. My heart sinks, a bit.  Mrs. Hudson once said that her sister is a pain in her arse, but she’ll miss her when she’s gone. I know that will be true for me as well. I’ve grown to care for my brother.
“Mycroft loved his brother,”  Greg begins, knowing that he’s walking into a minefield, but pushing on anyway.  “And Sherlock loved you, John,”  He visibly flinches, quickly looking away.  Greg continues before he can flee.  “I have no problem believing that he’d choose your life over his own.  He never put much value on his own wellbeing—you know that full well.  The mad bastard never slept or ate a decent meal unless you forced him to.  I don’t know about Mrs. Hudson or myself, but if someone was threatening you, he’d have done whatever it took.”  John swallows, remains silent for a small eternity.
“It’s fine,” John says quickly.  “I’ll take the couch. Look at it, it’s massive,”  Do I argue? Insist that he take the bed? Suggest that we alternate?  This is uncomfortable enough as it is. I opt to simply nod once, trying to convey my gratitude with this simple gesture, and hoping to move on from the subject of sleeping arrangements.  John returns my nod, then yawns dramatically. He’s been yawning for hours. It was a long flight, after all, and neither of us were able to sleep much. “Knackered,” He says. “Nap time,” A smirk.
“The blog, you know.  I couldn’t just stay silent.  Had a pretty strong opinion on the matter, if you’ll recall,” He’s shuffling his feet, clearly anxious.  “Anyway, it wasn’t just me, there were loads of people who knew you weren’t actually a fake. Anderson started a bloody club to discuss exactly that.  Well, that and their theory that you weren’t dead. Which obviously they were right about…” He trails off. I want to kiss the tension right off of his face.  But that’s not on, is it? Still not clear what his stance is on such public displays. I settle for lightly squeezing the back of his neck, and he leans into me, briefly.  Bumping his shoulder against my chest. A shy smile, then.
“I wasn’t sure how soon you’d want to begin the process,”  Sherlock says hesitantly.  John glances up at him, picking up on the wavering tone of his voice.  He looks—weary.  Tired and unsure.
“I can feel it,”  She looks at John, then back to meet my questioning gaze.  “Her absence. Wouldn’t you?”
Sherlock strides toward the doorway, but pauses with his hand on the knob.  He takes a step back toward John, grasping his face in his hands and kissing him deeply but briefly.  “I love you, too,” He says, disappearing into the hall.
“Let’s move on, shall we?”  It takes John a moment to register that he’s being addressed.  He inhales deeply, sitting up straight and blinking himself back to reality.  “More to see.”
“Thought he’d been buried in it,”  He mumbles, glaring down at the bartop.  “Not that we’d bloody know—closed casket and all.  No one wants to look at the body of a man who’s just lept from a bloody rooftop.  Thought it’d gone with him to the grave.”
“I suppose I—I’m sorry—“  Sherlock’s brow is still charmingly furrowed.  He obviously doesn’t understand this reaction.  John sighs.  “I thought it would be—good.”
“You’ve identified him,”  Finally. He must be thrilled, though he doesn’t look it.  Maybe now we can begin to wrap up this bloody case, to find some peace for Irene.  “What does Mycroft have to say?” He meets my eyes, expression grim. Opens up another tab.  Another name, another face. Sebastian Moran. “His brother, then?” They do look quite alike.  I scan the page. This man is dead. Date of death is February of 2012. Another mental jump. ”That was—he died when—”  When Sherlock was gone. Several months after he lept out of my life and left me in ruins. What am I meant to see here? I’m growing a bit frustrated.  Wish he would just tell me what he clearly already knows.
is the term her pretentious, psychotherapist sister had used when she spoke of them.  Bunch of rubbish.  They loved each other.  Relied on one another.  And now poor John is just floundering a bit.
“Tell me,”  John sighs, taking a seat across from Sherlock at the kitchen table.  “Why leave Baker Street?  Why not come talk to me if you thought something had to change?”  He doesn’t really know how to have this conversation.  Doesn’t know the right questions to ask to get the answers he needs.  Hopefully repeatedly asking
I push John into the vehicle, safely behind the bullet-proof glass Mycroft has fit his entire fleet with.  The driver is speaking rapidly into his phone as he pulls away from the kerb and speeds off. We pull over several blocks away and a moment later a single police car flies by, sirens blaring.  My phone vibrates.
Maybe it’s all been building up to this moment in time, lying on the floor side by side, each (finally!) seeing through the veil they’d pulled shut between them the very first night they met.
“How is it that after all these years, the first conclusion you jump to is that I must be moving on without you?  Either I’ve failed entirely at showing you how essential you are, or there’s something else going on here that I’m unaware of.”
“John,”  He’d recognize that voice anywhere, even from deep within the quiescent void of sleep.  “John, wake up,”  Groaning as he rises slowly back to the land of the living, John stretches, inhaling deeply and immediately recalling where he’d fallen asleep last night.  He’s lying face down, surrounded by the scent of the man beside him, nose buried in ridiculously high thread count sheets.  Turning his head and squinting into the morning light, John sees Sherlock’s lanky form sprawled out to his right—one hand propping up his brilliant brain and the other on the small of John’s back.
And thank you to everyone who's left such generous, sweet comments.  They genuinely have brought me back around to writing.
“Now what’re you grinning at?”  Harry has resurfaced from her bedroom, staring in mock horror at John smiling softly at his mobile with a tear-streaked face.  She shoots him one more look of disgust, followed by a quick smirk as she drops down in the armchair opposite, elevating her ankle on the coffee table with a groan and a cringe.  “You look like a swooning bloody princess.”
Right on cue, Sherlock rolls onto his back, glancing at John, who quickly pulls back the arm that isn’t smashed beneath a gangly torso.
John cannot tear his eyes away.  They watch each other, something monumental passing between them.  Something unfathomable and profound.  John would remain suspended in this moment indefinitely if he could, basking in the tendrils of potential winding their way through his chest, mending the last shattered remains of his long-held grief.
We come—together—with stifled groans and breathy shouts.  We stand—together—in each other’s arms, affection blooming like wildflowers through our beating hearts.
Below the loft is a small, modern loo and just beside it a large, open kitchen—tall cupboards stained a deep burgundy lining two of the walls.  Beneath them is a concrete worktop, brushed copper stove and refrigerator, and an absurdly large butcher block island in the center of it all.
“Yes?”  Sherlock breathes, eyes seeking confirmation.  John can only stare up at him, chest heaving, heart soaring.  He can hardly believe how easy this is—how eager Sherlock is to explore it.  He can’t remember the last time he’d had sex three times in a twelve hour period—it’s been well over a decade, certainly.  As much as John has always craved the closeness of others, the feeling of someone else’s skin beneath his palms—sex was always a bit of a chore.  He’s dated more women than he can count but he never really
I roll my eyes and scowl as John looks from Mycroft, to my mother, then to me, and grins.  “Well I think it’s just lovely. So good to see you, Mycroft, how
He slides an arm around Sherlock’s waist, pulling him closer and pressing his lips briefly to the crown of his head.  His thoughts drift to what he should make for dinner, to Harry’s upcoming birthday and what they should give her—the basic day-to-day necessities that these two humans rely on him to remember.
“And now?”  It’s John who speaks up first.  His voice is steady, determined to understand.  “Who’s side are you on now?”
We spent this morning painting John’s old bedroom a light, bright green.  Rosie claims this to be her current favourite colour. Once all of her furniture and myriad toys were securely in place, we took a trip to a greenhouse to pick out some houseplants—another demand of hers.  She’d learned to care for plants at reception and has decided that the one she’s been carefully keeping alive for several months is no longer enough. The room feels warm and bright, now. Full of life. Quite literally.
Thanks so much to everyone who made it to the end!  I appreciate the support/comments/insight on this strange story of mine.
“Sorry—”  Greg cuts in, effectively bursting the bubble that had formed around the two of them.  “Are you two…?”  John’s awareness of their current position comes rushing in.  He glances down at their joined hands and then back up at Lestrade, realizing he hadn’t even thought twice about reaching out to Sherlock the second he seemed even slightly distressed.
A few months back, he’d found some footage from a birthday video they’d filmed for John that first year he’d come into Sherlock’s life—a few minutes of Sherlock being an absolute dick on film.  Greg had brought it to John’s flat along with a few other odds and ends, mostly as an excuse to see for himself that John was still alive and going through the motions.
He unravels me with slippery fingers, a now familiar kind of ecstasy—hovering above me as I writhe beneath his touch.  Back arching, chest heaving, a low moan escaping my lips—I tug him down to face me, hitch a leg over his hip and pull him in. When I stroke him slowly with slick fingers, guide him down, down—his eyes go wide.
We’ve yet to get a word in ten minutes later, half-listening as Hal goes on about how he practically owns the Rainbow, for all of the money he throws their way.  He clearly doesn’t suspect that Henry failed to drug us, so I allow my mind to wander. I’m deeply distracted by John—his unending warmth against my chest—the pads of his fingers now drifting across my skin where his hands remain resting against my forearms.  I want to get out of here. Want to crawl into bed with him and curl up under the duvet in one another’s arms. If this is all he can ever give me, it’s more than enough. I’m pulled back to the present by John’s voice—the first time he’s attempted to speak since Hal sat down.
The expression reminds her of Sherlock.  Of course it does.  Reminds her of that day, of his cool façade as he’d strode into the morgue, hair matted red and abnormally pale face dripping with someone else’s blood.  She’d been furious, absolutely irate with him.  He had charmed her into assisting by claiming that she’d mattered, that she’d
“Tell me,”  He barks, suddenly furious.  Perhaps this was a mistake.  Sherlock certainly didn’t want John—or the others, for that matter—to know that he’d done this to save them.  But he hadn’t anticipated the Shakespearean effect his dramatics would have.  He clearly could not envision a world where John would not want to go on without him in it, and now his Romeo is paying the price for his emotional blindspot.  Mycroft allows himself to sigh.
I step forward, grab his arse through his trousers and roughly pull our hips together.  He backs me up against a strong wooden potting table and begins a slow grind, pinning me between his body and the hard surface behind.
“Ms. Jones,” I begin.  “We’d like to speak with you about your brother Kenneth.”  I try for authoritative. A tone that doesn’t allow for questioning.
“Are you all right?”  John’s voice is quiet as he places a hand on Sherlock’s thigh, dragging him back to the present.  John, right here beside him, warm and real.  John, in his bedroom, on his bed, a hand pressed into his thigh, grounding him as no one ever has before.  John, back home.  Both of them, home.
John ponders this for a moment.  Sherlock generally accepts whatever feeble dose of Paracetamol John allows him for whatever aches he’s acquired from an unsuccessful experiment or errant criminal.  Obviously, John doesn’t keep anything stronger in the flat.  Evidently, Sherlock isn’t hoarding any triptans or he’d have taken them.
Needs the audience for his incomparable genius, yes—but more than that, he craves companionship.  For most of his life, he’d convinced himself that he could never have it—had filled that metaphorical hole with a seven percent solution and far too many bloody cigarettes.  But then there was Dr. Watson.  And Mycroft prefers even this feigned death to the half-life he’d been living before John had shown up.
there, and he’d called Mycroft immediately to see what he could do.  That was three days ago.  He isn’t at all surprised, though, that Sherlock had made an assumption about his tastes.  They’ve learned to take their incorrect assumptions about each other in stride—they’ve had to.  “I love it,”  Sherlock says, finally,
“Sherlock,”  His voice is a mere husk, emotion now escaping through the words on his tongue.  “Thank you,”  He manages, barely.  “For this, for all of it,”  He takes a step forward, weaving their fingers together tightly.  Sherlock stands frozen in place, still clutching onto a now-sleeping Rosie.   “I’ve no bloody idea what I’ve done to deserve this—to deserve you,”  He leans up, determined, and presses his lips firmly to Sherlock’s cheek.  “This means so much, I need you to know that,”  John says quietly against warm skin, before stepping back, squeezing the long fingers entwined with his own.  “I love you—so much—I—I’m
—thrusts once, twice more—goes still and lets go.  Spilling deep within me, hips twitching—filling me, as he shakes and shakes and quietly sobs, wrapped up tight in my arms.
“Look, he sent me here.  Is that what you want to know?  And yeah, you’d probably be wise not to drink that coffee,”  I feel a familiar panic begin to rise in my chest. Always triggered—after the two miserable years as a dead man and my subsequent capture—by the loss of control.  I’ve learned to keep it at bay, over the years—learned how to beat it back and get on with the work. But it’s still often there. John tightens his grip on my shoulders, a reminder that he’s with me.  He has always been able to see when I’m affected by PTSD. He was the first to notice—to call it what it is—and has helped me through many a panic attack in the years after my return. But the panic doesn’t control me anymore.  I rise to my feet, John dropping his hands and moving to stand at my side, fists clenched.
Now I sit, watching him from across the room as he chats enthusiastically with Hugo.  I tried, for a moment, to make myself a part of their conversation—but I can’t pretend to know anything about that world or their similar experiences at war.  They’ve been at it for over two hours now, and I’m fighting to keep a black mood at bay. The last thing I need is for this little outing to turn sour. I’d thought John and I would be spending the day together, but I suppose these things happen.  I need to learn to take them in stride. And anyway, I should at least attempt to question these men about Hal.
He looks devastated.  What am I missing here?  “I’m sorry,” More apologies.  I don’t need them, John. “I--” He looks at me pleadingly, shakes his head minutely.
“Stop,”  Sherlock holds up a hand, unnecessarily.  That baritone alone will stop John in his tracks—a power John’s own voice seems to have over Sherlock as well, which has proven rather useful.  “John—that isn’t—“  He cuts himself off and sighs, watching John intently.  “I—bought a house.  I wanted to tell you last night.  But instead I—anyway, I’ve purchased a home.”  He rattles this off so quickly, it’s difficult to soak it all in.
“The unfamiliar room, maybe,” He muses quietly.  “They were always worse for me, outside of 221B.”  I stay silent. He may be right.
Abruptly he pulls out, crawls onto the bed, tugging me along with him.  I climb on top and sink down onto his solid shaft. Without hesitation, I begin to move.  Rock my hips, slide up, slam down. I lean forward and brace myself, hands on either side of his head.  He grabs my nape, pulls me down to kiss me wildly, his hips pumping up into me as we move in tandem.
“I don’t even know what was in that box, to be honest,”  John’s eyes widen slightly at that.  Surprised, then.
signs—sometimes these things simmer beneath the surface until a person just can’t take it anymore.  But she’d known Sherlock.  She
no less?”  My heart sinks.  This isn’t something we talk about.  Little about Mary—or their unfortunate marriage—is worth remembering, and we’ve come to a silent agreement over the years to avoid that particular pain.
We trudge through the door, and he lets out a long sigh of relief.  We’ve been stuck at the Yard for hours, wrapping things up, and after everything this week has thrown our way, it’s good to be home.  There hasn’t been much time at all to spare for each other, so once we’ve shrugged off our jackets, I take his hand and lead him to the bedroom.
“I don’t want anything from you,”  The time has come for honesty—a bit, at least.  A partial truth that may act as motivation to hold onto his life—at least for a while.  At least until Sherlock breaks free from the web he’s managed to get himself so thoroughly tangled up in and returns to London as a celebrated hero.  Something like that.  “I hope to give you some perspective, Dr. Watson—John.  I’d like to tell you the real reason he jumped.”
“All right,” I accept this.  There’s no way they could know that a proposal was imminent.  “Shower?” At this, he grins, dangerously.
“Doesn’t matter,” He whispers, letting one hand come to rest protectively on the back of Sherlock’s neck.  His fingers knead into the tense muscle beneath them, feeling Sherlock melt further into him, feeling him sigh contentedly, feeling his body pressed warmly against John’s own.  He loves him.  God, he loves him.  “We know now.”
John wakes gradually, consciousness rising slowly to the surface as he takes in his surroundings—the red glow of morning light through closed eyelids, birdsong drifting through the window with the breeze—warm breath against his neck and gentle fingers tracing a relentless figure eight over the skin above his belly button.
John is crouched in front of the fireplace, stacking logs in the grate and fumbling with a basket of kindling that sits beside the built-in structure.  Sherlock leans against the wall, palms flat against the cold, worn stone as he watches him work.  He sees the muscles in his back shift beneath a thin white t-shirt, observes the way he holds his shoulder just-so, his posture betraying the pain that he’s clearly trying to ignore.  Perhaps being cradled and clung to within an inch of his life for the last hour has left its mark.  Sherlock feels a pang of guilt, a slight jolt of concern.
John says Lestrade will be stuck at the Yard until seven, and will head over after.  I suspect he’s already well aware of the change in our relationship. He gave me one too many knowing glances on Thursday, and likely witnessed my attempts at comforting John after speaking with Ajay as well.  He’ll be supportive. He’s always gone out of his way to show that he’s a friend to us both.
I’ll have a look at it later.  Not terribly interested in the contents, anyway—such fruitless data isn’t at the top of my list of priorities, these days.
“I know,”  He shifts his body slightly, turning toward me to lie on his side, but still peering up at my face.  He smooths his palm over my stomach—just below my waistline. My heart races dangerously—entire body tensing, skin buzzing as my erection continues to fill, straining against the bloody tight jeans that now define my wardrobe.  Just like that, then? He’s ready to dive head first into this uncharted realm of our relationship that he’s been so apprehensive about? He holds my gaze, watching my reactions as he slowly undoes the button and begins to slide down the zip—I swallow, mind frantically trying to catch up with what’s happening—what’s
The envelope is fairly worn around the edges, as though it’s been carried around in a pocket for some time.  This pocket?  No.  This bag has been under his bed, ignored since his return to Baker Street.  Perhaps Sherlock has been keeping it with him, tucked away and waiting for the right moment.  John’s heart attempts to sink and leap simultaneously at the thought.  He never gave Sherlock a chance for something like this when he’d first returned.  And they’ve been trying so hard to pretend all is fine ever since—
“Sherlock,” He says quietly, against my skin.  “You don’t have to hesitate, with me. You don’t even have to ask,” He pulls back again, looks up at me.  “If there’s something you want, you can have it. I trust you,” He slides his hands up, brushing curls from my forehead.  “I’m open to anything,” He reiterates. He has told me this before, but he had seemed content to carry on as we were—“I’m following your lead, you know.  Whatever you decide, I’m already so happy I hardly know what to do with myself,” He smiles up at me. Oh. Following my lead. I wasn’t able to find any signs of him wanting more because he really is all right with anything at all.  He won’t push me. Affection coursing wildly through my veins, I return his smile, pull him in again. Press my lips to the top of his head. I had never seen John as open and free of worry as he’s been in the last couple of weeks. It seems that he’s found our union as much of a relief as I have.  If only we had found our way here sooner.
“I’d also like to tell people we’re together.  What do you think?” I consider the question. I’m not one for formal announcements, but of course I want the people in our lives to know that John and I have finally gotten to this place.  It’s a point of pride, for me.
They’d all gone out to celebrate John’s return to Baker Street.  And they’ve all known for ages now how John feels about his best friend, having been there for him in the grim space Sherlock had left behind.  John himself was the last to realize.  But he’d accepted it long ago.
“No,”  He agrees, feeling burned.  It hasn’t been the same.  He isn’t the same man he’d been before their two miserable years apart.  So careful now, so cautious with John.  He’s been hiding from him this whole time, really.  He looks down, digs a half-submerged seashell out of the sand and twists it nervously between his fingers.
This was going to be longer / more elaborate but I decided to switch POVs and continue on in the next chapter!  So here's a bit of a short, rambly one.  (:
Moments pass, the air around us growing tense and uncomfortable.  We haven't looked away from each other this entire time, but we've run out of things to say.  John lets go of my hands. He fidgets, looks down. I feel the panic return. What now?
“Fine?”  Sherlock cuts him off, his entire pompous being seeming to return to his body in a rush as he suddenly comes back online.  “You say that far too often, John.  It’s fine, it’s all fine.  I don’t want you to—
He snaps, catching John entirely off guard.  He lets his hands fall back down to his sides.  All right then.
right here.  All night.  All morning.  Closer than Sherlock had ever dared to hope for.  He is pressed against Sherlock’s side from his gently thudding chest to his warm socked toes.  His head is pillowed on Sherlock’s shoulder, the fingers of his right hand tangled in the curls at the back of his head, where they’d been numbing Sherlock’s aching mind, overwhelming him in a way he hadn’t known was possible and allowing him to sleep through the worst of it for the first time in his life.
I could no longer pretend I don't find meaning in things outside of the work, find comfort in people.  It took a forced goodbye for it all to come crashing down on me. Too late, too late. It took reaching out to John from far above, tears streaming down my face, to shock me into accepting that he had become everything.  Everything to me. Everything I thought I could never have, was incapable of having. Someone who saw me, someone to rely on. I've kept our friendship alive in my mind as I did what needed to be done to preserve his life.  His steady voice keeping me grounded to reality, keeping me moving forward. Knowing he’s alive in the world allowed me to accept what I’d been forced to become: a ghost, an executioner, a whisper on the tongues of those Moriarty left behind.
"John," I say.  It comes out as a rasp.  Betrayed by my own voice.  Hateful. I can hear that his breaths are coming as fast as mine are.  The moment is charged, and I'm silently flailing. Unfamiliar territory.  Hard to believe this is happening. Must be much worse for him
He stands a bit straighter, no longer relying on the solid expanse of their front door to keep him upright, takes a step forward and beams, bewildered.
He gives me one more long look, searching, reassuring.  Presses his mouth to my throat, slides a hand up to grip my shoulder, and pushes—slowly,
“Is that such a good idea?”  I fear for the backlash he may have to face.  He’s a relatively well-known public figure, and the press has never gone lightly on us.  “In the eyes of London, Mary was nothing more than an orphaned nurse with an innocent smile.”  I don’t want John to be looked down on for his role in this fiction, when the real story can’t be told.
A good lead-in.  Broad. One can respond as specifically or as vaguely as they need.  I could be vague. Tell him I’d like to
One shower, two simultaneous and quite satisfying handjobs, and three mugs of coffee later, we’re packed and ready to go.
“Kind of him,” John mutters into my hair, rolling toward me and pulling me close.  I sigh, tilting my head so that we’re face to face. When our eyes meet, I watch him fight—futilely—to keep a smile from creeping into place.  I can’t help but return it. Can’t help but feel a bit overwhelmed by the bond that we share—the single most profound connection I’ve ever known.  We grin at each other for a moment, before he kisses me. Confidently. Without hesitation. Zero concern for our questionable morning breath, nor for the grains of sand that litter the bed we lie in.  “Should we go with them?” He breathes, as we break apart. “Up to you,” Another peck on the lips, his fingernails dragging lightly across my back.
“I love you,” He says.  Oh, John.  Did I say all that aloud?  No, no he’s only reading my mind again.  Searching my face and seeing my thoughts there.  Scrolling across my cheekbones like a neon marquee.  “Today was perfect,” He says, too.  I reach for his hand, press his knuckles to my lips.  Kiss each pad of his fingers. He watches me carefully, reading the waves of emotion that roll off of me whenever I’m with him—impossible to contain.  A smile.  His hand on my cheek.
He’s shaking his head, eyes still on the ground below.  “You keep calling her Mary. You don’t actually know anything at all, do you?” He looks up questioningly, scowling.
John comes like a raging tempest, back arching, head thrown back in a startled shout over Sherlock’s shoulder, warm semen spreading under Sherlock’s steady palm.  He shudders and shakes and grabs for Sherlock’s hands as he falls back into him and allows himself to be held.
“It’s been two weeks,” I begin, brow furrowing, already unsure how to continue.  His eyebrows creep upward as he watches me struggle to find the words. “Do you—what do you think—“ I stop.  Sigh. Let’s try this again. “If you’re amenable,” I blurt out. “I’d like to move forward with our relationship, a bit,” Does that make sense?  I sound like an idiot. I just want my hands on his skin. Want to lose the barriers of clothing that we’ve diligently kept between us these past weeks together.  I have been looking for any sign from him that he may be interested in moving forward to something more, but he’s seemed perfectly content to continue our current virtuous routine.  He stares at me.
If it's been awhile, it may help to go back and read Sherlock's letter at the end of chapter 6, as it's referenced a bunch here.
John is pulled from his reverie when Sherlock shifts, dislodging his hand from where it still rests on the back of his neck and turning to face him.  He immediately moves closer, dropping his head and tucking his face into the crook of John’s shoulder, sighing dramatically.
This chapter is a short one!  I spent a bunch of time rewriting the second half of chapter 21.  The kiss didn't read the way I wanted it to, and I couldn't move on without reworking it.  This is the kind of wishy-washy bullshit you can expect from my writing.  But it's much closer to how it plays out in my head now, so go reread if you'd like to feel a feeling.
“It went well,” Sherlock rumbles, never opening his eyes, never otherwise acknowledging John’s sudden presence at his side.  There’s a hint of resigned bitterness in his tone, making it brittle and a bit startling.  John stares at him, bemused, drinking him in, stealing this opportunity to bask in the beginnings of an unprecedented transparency that’s been developing between them.  They’ve had a few close calls in the year they’ve known one another, most of them occurring in the last month or so.  A few terrible reminders that all this could be stolen from them before they even realize what’s happened.
He’s thinking exactly that when John Watson, of all people, bursts into his office, slamming the door so hard behind him that the walls shake and Greg recoils, half expecting a blow.
A dull ache remains within the walls of his traitorous bloody head, but the piercing, all-consuming agony of last night has left him entirely.  It’s very early morning, he can sense it without even lifting his eyelids.  He ponders that simple fact, feeling his brow furrow in a moment of rare confusion.  When was the last time he’d slept through the night?  When was the last time he’d slept through a
Bracing himself for the inevitable annoyed dismissal, John leans in cautiously, sliding his right hand around the back of Sherlock’s neck and tentatively pressing the pads of two fingers into the dip at the base of his skull.  Sherlock inhales suddenly, clearly surprised at the contact, wincing again as he jerks his head forward slightly.  John waits, keeping his fingers held firmly against what he knows to be a pressure point for headache relief.  A method (much like prescription drugs) that does not work for everyone.  He’s not expecting much.  Sherlock doesn’t especially like to be touched by anyone, from what John has observed over the last year—though he tolerates it from John.  They’ve been fairly tactile with each other from the start, though this is certainly crossing some sort of line.
An intense terror began to invade him, thinking of the consequences if Sherlock was wrong. For a moment, he thought about saying it, about getting rid of that burden. But the risk was too considerable.
A short, bald man around his fifty came out of the kitchen, alerted by the noise. His eyes widened in terror when a tall, dark figure smashed him against the corridor wall and put a gun to his temple.
Sholto sighed as Lestrade looked at them curiously. The amusing tone they used was shocking and inappropriate for the situation. Maybe it was a strange coping mechanism to affront it.
John chuckled, grasped Sherlock's hips, and caressed the hipbones with his thumbs for a while. Then pushed the tip of his cock inside Sherlock's arse and slowly nudged forward, moaning and grunting.
After a few more minutes of shouting threats to Sherlock, he stopped and grabbed the umbrella's handle. This gesture seemed to calm him down. He looked at his watch.
John ran his finger through the detective's crack again and stopped at the puckered hole, massaging it a bit. His finger then moved to the center of the right arsecheek.
Even if he didn't want to show it, the guilt was eating him up deep inside. And Mrs. Hudson's words hurt him to his core. He feared that, deep down, the landlady was right.
"I understand now why you have such a shitty temper," said Bruce to Sherlock. "I'd have it too with a jerk like that as an older brother."
John looked at Sherlock or, at least, the visible part of him, the mope of disheveled black curls that rested on the pillow, the rest of him hidden below the duvet.
The former CIA agent raised his head in surprise. He opened his mouth, but Stephen stopped him with a gesture. To Everett's surprise, he started to sing, his voice deep, velvety, a little shaky, enveloping him with the same warmth of a hug.
Lestrade felt his cock growing quickly inside his trousers. The image of Sherlock tied up while was relentlessly fucked hard and fast by John, being totally at his mercy, was more that he could stand. He had to resort to all his willpower for not unzip his trousers and start masturbating right there.
The only consulting detective in the world was now reduced to pants, moans, cries, and begs, interspersed con full-throated, wordless squeals.
"Sherlock didn't trust in Mike's mission, and he thought someone could be targeting Mycroft. But now…First, Rosie, now Sherlock's message," she pursed her lips and gestured to the car in front, "Mycroft didn't set that surveillance."
Greg was stunned about how beautiful Sherlock was that way, his lips red and swollen after sucking his cock, his hair disheveled and glued to his forefront with sweat, the poor man completely wrecked, all his usual coldness and self-control lost as he was subjected to the most delicious of tortures by John's cock.
He came out of his stupor when John gently nudged him. Following his gaze, he saw Mycroft and Greg gently brushing their little fingers on theirs left hands as tryinf to find the thread that bound them together. It was Mycroft's turn to hawk and separate Lestrade's finger as if it was burning when he noticed the others looking at them.
“You put it there because you thought I was stupid enough to not finding it until it started beeping, don't you?” asked the DI, upset.
The guilt ate away at both of them for too long. Sherlock, for Mary's death. John, by the image of the detective lying on the floor of Culverton Smith's morgue, flinching as John beat and kicked him with all his might, taking years of anger, pain, and frustration out on a lost, broke, drugged and unwilling to fight back Sherlock.
They began to do it slow and quietly. Digging into the dry, rocky desert soil was like digging into an iron block. Weakened after days of torture, not eating and barely drinking, each shovelling was hell.
“I was astonished. I had always tried to be a good boss, facilitate their work and avoid them to feel the pressure from the superiors. Within what they offered me, I looked for the best men and women.”
“That's what my therapist said. I can’t help it. He was the best thing ever happened to me and, suddenly, I had to learn to live without him. It is not fair.”
Mrs. Hudson sighed. Sherlock appreciated and trusted Lestrade, even though he couldn't remember his name, so she also did it.
John took off his shorts, releasing his painfully rock hard cock, not only to get rid of the pressure of the clothes but knowing that he the sight of it would make Sherlock mouthwatering. The detective looked at John's impressive cock resting on his abdomen, throbbing each time he licked Sherlock's and instinctively licked his lips, his pupils darkening.
"Mr. Stark!" shouted Peter, in jubilation, but lowered his head when Stark dropped his helmet and left his face visible, a massive gesture of irritation and concern written on it.
"The castle is yours, so she will be upset with you. And she doesn't have to know," retorted Sherlock, a hint of worry dancing in his words.
"I don't know exactly. Anthea contacted us because Sherlock left her some papers before flying to Afghanistan, and today I received his message about Mylo".
Sherlock Holmes faced the most bloodthirsty killers impassive. He remained undaunted in front of the barrel of a gun, even when he was unarmed and could stand weeks of torture without losing his lucidity.
In front of Baker Street door, John, finally engulfed by the expedition's spirit, painstakingly opened the door. Putting his index finger in his lips, demanding silence, started climbing the stairs to the 221B.
“All of them had inserted a central venous catheter, which is used in chemotherapy patients. In this case, none of them with a long life expectancy. Lonely patients, since they have no parents, family or other relatives, so they consider the ambulatory nurse the only person who really cares about them, and consequently, changed their last will in order to favour the nurse. Once it was done, she killed them.”
Greg put his hand on John's cock, and the doctor raised his hips to allow the DI to grab it and pumped up and down at the same pace the doctor was stroking both Greg and Sherlock at the same time.
"Hey, hey, hey, calm down, big boy" he warned, while one of his men drew a gun and pointed it at Mycroft's head. Sherlock stood still, and four men held him down.
Stephen took another step towards Everett, who imitated him, and the two were face to face. The ex-CIA agent hesitated for a few moments, but when he noticed Stephen took a breath to continue singing, he joined him, both mentally thanking Roy Orbison for putting into words what they had had so much trouble saying:
John, for his part, didn't look away from Sherlock. He knew it was essential to maintain eye contact so the detective wouldn't panic, something not too far off, judging by the stiffness he walked among the guests.
"In Spain, there is a tradition called The Three  Magic Kings, by which on January 6th they bring children gifts, as Santa does at Christmas. So, I decided to play the Three Kings and bring you all the presents you would have received if you had celebrated all your birthdays.
Although, if he thought about it, he had his logic. He had almost fallen out of bed on the first day he and Mycroft made love, when Mycroft confessed to him that he was not a virgin, but rather quite experienced, as Lestrade realised moments later. Knowing Mycroft's disdain to romantic relationships, he never thought that this was due to one of them, but rather to certain physical urgencies that Mycroft had not managed to sublimate with work as the detective did until he met John.
"As far as I know, there's not much you can do when John Watson is bent on something. And I'm sure you didn't make it easy for him."
Lestrade expelled the breath he had been holding, as he looked at the thirteen men that, handcuffed and escorted by many other officers, got out of the house and were obliged to get on the squad cars, all of them. John felt Sherlock’s body shiver when he saw them.
“Like a compliment, of course,” he shook his head, ”at least much smarter than me. I didn’t see it coming. And when I realized it, I was in the Chief Superintended office with Donovan listing, one after another, my many failures as DI,” he swallowed hard, ”it was a nightmare, something unreal.”
John's menacing grunt relieved him. After the five mercenaries, John, Bill, Sholto, the rest of the soldiers, and the homeless appeared.
Now she was able to see it. She had always thought that Lestrade humbled himself in front of the freak due to his lack of ambition. But it was completely the opposite.
The screen went black. Sherlock hid his face in his hands, feeling awful as a father, his mind still spinning on his daughter's words. Suddenly, he opened his eyes and lifted his head.
John grunted. His headache was so severe he felt nauseous. He tried to put his hand to the back of his head, but he couldn't.
Tomorrow. The wedding. The idea hit him as if it was the first time John heard about it. It was not because he had second thoughts about it, but because, even when they had been preparing it for almost four months, he sometimes couldn't believe he was finally going to marry Sherlock.
They heard Sherlock and John whispering outside the screen. Even though they pricked up their ears, they couldn't understand what they were saying.
He didn't finish his sentence. John and the other four were shaking their heads in step, like a bunch of coordinated dancers.
Then, he waited. He knew, sooner or later, the other would get suspicious about their buddies’ silence.
He knew Mycroft would never look for him there, so he had been using it as a base of operations to set John's rescue.
John shook his head. How could the intelligence services have been so wrong? True, it was not the first time they had provided misinformation, but the mistake had been blatant.
Sherlock sucked a gasp, and his cock throbbed, suddenly remembering the previous game. John shoved the object into Sherlock's mouth, which the detective licked gluttonously. The huge dildo was an amazing, exact replica of John's cock. The doctor fucked Sherlock's mouth for a few moments, then pulled it out and covered it with lube.
"Your mouth was made for sucking my cock," rumbled the doctor, making Sherlock shiver with pleasure and moan harder. His tongue licked stripes along his shaft as his lips went up and down on John's cock, easing and clenching with the perfect pressure.
"I'm not thrilled about the freak coming, but I don't understand your attitude. Have you argued with him while I was at home?"
"No, no, John!" he shouted with laughter and twisted like a worm when John grabbed both of his wrists. When Rosie dug his little fingers in his ribs, he let out a high-pitched scream before laughing again.
The elder Holmes did not attempt to turn towards him. Sherlock noticed he was trembling, his eyes fixed on one of the side entrances to the enclosure. Sherlock followed his gaze, and the blood froze in his veins.
Sherlock pressed his lips. John didn't tell him, but he deduced it the same day he told him he enrolled Mycroft's mission. Mike had been, if not a boyfriend, someone very special to John. Another reason for not wanting him to go. Sherlock didn't want to appear as the typical jealous husband, but he was afraid of what might happen when Mike met John again.
The doctor giggled as Sherlock came for the third time, cursing and groaning due to oversensitivity. He had forgotten the dildo was still vibrating inside Sherlock's arse, and he left it there until Sherlock orgasmic spasms, moans, cries and curses ceased.
He tore the envelope, and a photograph fell on the table. He took it and smiled broadly, looking at the two men and the girl lying on the floor and smiling widely at the camera.
"Well, someone has to know," the landlady insisted, looking at Molly with disgust, still on the sidewalk. "What are you waiting for? At this rate, we won't be able to get in."
Lestrade was in his office, giving his team a briefing about the current case. Around him were Anderson and five more officers that where helping him to solve it. He wasn’t planning to arrive at the office so soon, but as Donovan called him last night saying she wouldn’t be able to go to work due to a bad cold, he changed his mind. A briefing with the team would give the case a boost.
Sherlock was effectively about to do it but refrained himself. Instead, he ate his bad mood altogether with the pasta. Once he cleared his plate, he stood and walked away from the camp, disappearing in the darkness.
“You think you do,”  Sherlock looks away, staring at the cold heap of ashes in the grate.  “Until I overwhelm you entirely.”
“I was going to tell him,”  He says quietly, seemingly to himself.  “I probably wasn’t, actually.  But I’d thought about it.  Just seemed, you know—futile,”  His eyes are on his hands, the fingers of his left flexing into a fist and then straightening out again.  Over and over.  A nervous tick, perhaps.  Another thing about him that Harry doesn’t recognize.  “He was a prick.  I do know that.  Absolutely bloody thoughtless.  Rude even at his best,”  He closes his eyes for a long moment, then resumes staring blankly at his hands.  “That was an act, though.  Mostly.  He wasn’t like that when it was just me.  Just us.  There were moments when he’d look at me, and I’d think
“We are.  Of course we are,”  John can’t meet his eyes.  He wants to understand, needs further explanation.  He wants to know why removing himself from the equation was Sherlock’s grand solution.  “I’m sorry, John,”  Is all he says.
John rolls his head to the side, eyebrows raised in an invitation to continue.  “Only since Mrs. Hudson died, really.  He began stopping by the morgue a bit more often, while you were out doing the shopping or whatever it is you get up to,”  She grins at him, knowing full well that he doesn’t get up to anything at all—he’s about as interesting as a stale crisp, these days.  “The first time he brought it up, he asked me how I found the courage to talk to Greg.
“We’re together,” I blurt out.  “John and I. For a few days now.  We wanted to tell the three of you in person.”  We’re met with a moment of stunned silence. And then:
Because John doesn’t touch him, not really.  They’ll pull each other out of harm’s way in an adrenaline fuelled moment of chase, or bump shoulders while walking, while laughing and losing themselves in whatever private and usually inappropriate joke they’re sharing.  A hand on a shoulder while passing, every now and then.  But it isn’t much.  It isn’t enough, anymore.  And Sherlock hasn’t been able to parse whether John doesn’t welcome his touch or whether John believes that Sherlock isn’t interested in any sort of actual physical contact.  It is true that he’s rather given that impression in the past, much to his current dismay.
The landlady nodded, looking ostensibly in the opposite direction from Molly, as she, visibly nervous, got out of the car and crossed the street to enter a nearby café.
Sherlock shook his head imperceptibly and bit his upper lip. Molly didn't need to ask about John. She closed her eyes and inhaled deeply.
Actually happy.  Bloody euphoric, just standing here making tea.  They’re about to sit down and attempt to outline their blooming relationship—a conversation he’s never really had with anyone.  Not even his spurious wife.  This thing between them should be acknowledged as the rare and precious gift that it is.
any of them.  He never really wanted to.  Even the person he’d chosen to marry was a stranger to him in the end.  But Sherlock—
Ah, piss.  He’s forgotten to follow up with that witness in the bloody Bigsby case.  The oldendayser.  What was his name—Wilson?  Williams?  Greg shuffles papers around on his desk in search of the right case file.  Christ, he’s behind.  Absolutely overwhelmed, and he barely slept last night.  He glances at his watch.  Only half six—perhaps he should have another coffee.  This job has gotten a lot more difficult since Sherlock bloody Holmes decided to leap off of a goddamn rooftop—he can’t remember a time when he had to work this hard just to barely stay afloat.
Wide eyes and a stunned silence follow my brief explanation of my parents’ gift to us.  I drop down next to him, and he immediately rolls over to face me. “Your childhood home?”  He whispers, eventually. I nod, snake an arm around his waist. “I can’t wait to see where you grew up,”  Is all he has to say on the matter. We plan to go tomorrow afternoon and stay for two nights. I’m a bit nervous to show him—the place doesn’t hold many happy memories for me.  It represents years of loneliness and isolation. Still, it’s a lovely, and rather grand, cottage—and we can make it our own. Somewhere we can find some quiet once our life in London becomes chaos once more.
They stare at each other, John realizing, perhaps for the first time, the depth of what he’d done for him that night.
He stares back at me, eyes shining a bit—then extricates his wrist and takes the mug from my hand, sets it on the coffee table alongside his own.  He abruptly leans forward and pulls me into an embrace. Wraps his arms tightly around my body, drops his forehead to my shoulder. “Okay,” He whispers.  Okay.
A bud of warmth blooms in my chest.  I smile back at his expressive face and wish that I could find the words.  Every time we’re together, I wonder how it’s possible for us to have this. To have so
ALSO, if you're reading this and also writing Sherlock fic/seeking feedback, point me toward your story, I'd love to read it.
“All right,”  I say, because I don’t want to argue.  I want to manage my doubts and give him a chance to show me that he wants this.  And anyway, our unexpected houseguest—Henry—is likely awake by now, hovering awkwardly in the living room once more.  And we really ought to get up and attempt to assist him with his unfortunate predicament.
He was quick to dismiss John’s gentle probing into his nonexistent love life when they’d first met.  He’d told him flat out that he didn’t partake in such things, that it was a ridiculous waste of time.  He’d told him in their first week as flatmates that he doesn’t believe in sentiment, doesn’t need it, doesn’t seek it out.  And that was true, at the time.
“Should I be concerned that I’m the one being sent mysterious meeting points?”  John mumbles, chewing on a piece of baguette that he found in the well-stocked kitchen.  “How is it that people always contact us so easily? Is there some database of mobile numbers out there that we’re not privy to?”  Probably. Although mine is plastered all over my website, so nothing really surprises me anymore.
“Sherlock—”  John begins, immediately cutting himself off.  He turns toward me, dislodging Rosie slightly. She stirs.  Doesn’t wake up. “I—” He sighs. “I just want you to know that I have no expectations about anything at all.  Nothing has to change if you don’t want it to.” Do I want it to? I don’t know entirely what I want. I know that I want him in some capacity—we already consider each other family—we spend every day together.  We’re closer to each other than to anyone else in our lives. Could we be a proper couple? Is that ever going to be an option for us?
“Come along, John,” I rest my hand on his back and guide him toward the elevator where Lestrade is waiting, eyebrows slightly raised.  “Let’s go have a chat with an assassin.”
Sudden doubt.  A crippling wave of uncertainty.  Why? Oh. I’m entirely out of my depth.  Now that I’ve found myself in control, I’m rapidly losing my nerve.  John watches me falter, sees my hesitation as my hands slow and then stop.  He stares up at me, breathing steadily, then pulls me down against his body.  Lips on my temple, my forehead. Hands once again sweeping over my back—shoulders to tailbone—and I will myself to relax.
I stride into the diner at precisely twelve o’clock  with an air of confidence that I do not feel. I haven’t slept—spent the night abusing my violin and pacing around the flat—in fact, I can’t recall the last time I got more than an hour or two at all.  I scan the nearly empty restaurant—there never seems to be anyone here—and see no sign of him. Nevermind. He’ll be here soon. I head straight for our usual booth and settle in to wait.
“I suppose we should,”  I haven’t even told him what I’ve learned of Bohemian Grove.  Haven’t even mentioned that Hal’s reason for being here—amongst the Redwoods—has been revealed, in part.  These men seem to be somewhat informed on the matter, and I haven’t had a chance to see what Hugo knows. “I should fill you in.”
“Sherlock, you don’t have to do this.  Can we not, actually? Can we not do this?” John has been curled up in his chair since he walked through the door two hours ago.  I glance over at him. “I don’t want to know any more. Not now, not yet. It’s already too much.” He’s overwhelmed. I don’t know how to help him, so I’ve been gathering data.  It’s what I do.
“Obviously,”  Sherlock snaps, turning to Greg as he drops John’s hand, wedging an arm around his waist instead.  “Honestly, Lestrade, do you need me to solve this one for you as well?  It’s always been a wonder that you’ve got the audacity to call yourself a detective, but
We doze off together, rising reluctantly half an hour later to the sounds of our phones.  Mine vibrating on the bedside table, his pinging softly from somewhere on the floor.
John can only shake his head at the ridiculous image they present—and he knows full well how long this particular activity is likely to drag out.  Placing a hand briefly on Sherlock’s back, he heads out in search of the room that’s been chosen for
"Don't worry," the detective whispered in her ear, "he won't resist long. In two days, Merlin will be sleeping in your bed and Milo in ours".
John's breathing partially relaxed. Part of his brain wanted to send Bill to hell, but, as a doctor, he knew exactly what he was trying to do. He forced himself to search through the mists of his brain, and he finally saw the cake. A cake with the characters from Frozen movie in fondant, a movie Rosie loved.
“So maybe she could find a way to leave me some clue about where they were going,” said Sherlock entering the dolmen. He produced a little flashlight from his pocket and, getting down on all fours, he combed the inside of the dolmen with the light. In one of the corners, he saw something glowing at the light. He focused it with the light and frowned.
"Mycroft has never told anyone in his life to take a break," the detective shouted, disappearing through one of the dungeon entrances.
"He wants to invite the whole of London. No, the whole of England to the wedding. That's four hundred and fifty guests already, and he said he is only starting".
"Not only enjoyed. It was amazing. You were amazing. It has been liberating, different, reassuring, overwhelming... You were perfect, love".
But it didn't happen. John didn't notice he left the hall. In fact, nobody noticed he wasn't there. A strangely familiar feeling of loneliness engulfed him, the same sense of not belonging anywhere, to any group, to anyone he had felt since he was a boy.
"She's happy and calm, Mycroft," hissed Molly. Lestrade was surprised. The sweet Molly, who stammered when she invited Sherlock for coffee, was now a strong woman determined to defend her goddaughter from everything, even Mycroft Holmes. "If you take her away, Rosie will get worried. She is smart, and she will realize something is not right. It won't take her long to figure out it's connected to Sherlock and John."
Mycroft blinked. He would have given anything to be able to tell him. Finally he breathed in, defeated.
"I put it up for sale at an online luxury real estate agency, where the address is listed; they could check it there," answered Sherlock.
"They just had to watch him," he hissed, chewing every syllable. "Are they so incompetent they can't even do that?"
"Merlin is an excellent choice. He is very docile and likes children. And I think they already become great friends," Marine smiled, watching Rosie ran around, as the dog gave big boats around her, cheerful, as if aware that the girl chose him.
Like if she had a radar, she woke up just to see the turquoise waters of Mallorca's beaches and shouted in excitement. The little girl was elated. She went to the beach with John, or when her godmother Molly or Uncle Mycroft took her, but never with the two of them.
“I asked him to endure, to not die, assuring him that help would arrive on time, although, as a doctor, I knew he couldn’t survive. And, do you know what the git told me?
Clint opened his mouth to reply, but his gaze fell on Sherlock, then back to Stephen and back to the detective.
"I don't think they will make any more trouble than you do. That way, when you're bored, you can take them out for a walk instead of shooting at the wall".
"Sherlock!" called Mycroft, trying to stop him, but his brother easily got rid of him, smashing another chair against the wall.
The image jumped to the Sherlock, John, and Rosie, happily jumping into the air, expanding their legs and arms in a large "X" shape in the air. When they were at the height of the jump, they shouted I'm a STAR!, making Rodie giggling.
“The word you are looking for is freak,” happily prompted Donovan, ignoring Lestrade’s warning look.
Lestrade woke up again three hours later with a headache and thirsty. He got up and went to drink water while the rest were still asleep.
"Because you deserved to be happy. And loved. Because although you've been ranting so much about love, you really love John Watson. And about what I want, you'll know it in due course".
Strange, producing wheels of time in his sleeves, began to spin backward. Steve chuckled and approached Peter. He tugged at the web very hard, and they jumped in as the portal closed, Thor holding John and Everett by the ankle.
"You are such a cock hungry," grunted John, thrusting hard and fast on Sherlock, his hands grabbing firmly the detective's hips, who could only moan and beg, in the hope that John would finally let him come.
Mrs. Hudson pointed to the window. John got up, opened it  and almost had a heart attack when he saw thousands of journalists gathered at their door. When they saw him, they raised their microphones and began to bombard him with questions.
Lestrade stopped in front of Baker Street's door and sighed, mustering the courage to go in. Reality and his imagination had made him aware that behind that door, anything could happen. But he never thought he would do it to accompany John to Sherlock's funeral.
"I read it by myself, idiot. But I assure you that cases will never be the same now I know you really don't think I'm an idiot, but…".
“You are not so threatening after coming three times,” then he got serious and checked Sherlock’s pulse.
The fake British soldier waited for him to stop coughing and handed him the phone again, the same one he had been holding for the last hour every time he was raised.
The detective moaned and sobbed with relief, but then Anderson guided Donovan's dildo inside Sherlock again. The forensic, still playing with Sally's breast, pulsed another button on the strap, and another little protuberance of the dildo started vibrating on his clit, making Sally moan louder.
Sherlock turned around to watch his Mind Palace’s John, who was reclined on one shoulder over the dolmen’s wall, his ankles crossed, his bright blue eyes looking fondly at him, smiling confidently. He was wearing the same plaid shirt and jacket that the first time they meet at the lab.
Molly rose her gun to reshoot him. Moriarty made a gesture with his left hand, and a reddish fog surrounds all of them, rendering them frozen like statues, incapable of move a muscle".
After a few minutes, John placed his tongue on the hole and flicked it quickly upward, making Sherlock squirming hard. Sometimes John’s tongue drew slow rougher flicks, others quicker softer flicks. Sherlock, feeling his orgasm growing, moved one of his hands to stroke himself, but John slapped it, not letting him reach his aching cock.
They clinked their glasses and drank. Sherlock almost spurted his drink with a laugh looking at the grimace drawn on John's face, a mix of surprise and displeasure due to the champagne's flavor notes of raspberry and toasty puff pasty.
"Sherlock, I'm…. I'm going to..." he grunted, his orgasm getting near and near and... stopped before reaching the point of no return because the detective took his cock out of his mouth.
When he finally caught his breath, John jumped out of the jacuzzi and stretched out a hand to Sherlock, inviting him to do the same. When they were standing by the edge, he put one hand behind Sherlock's knees and another in his back and, in a fluid movement, took him in his arms bridal style.
She rushed between her subordinates’ desks and locked herself in her office. Sally ignored Dimmock knocking on the door and kicked Anderson out when he tried to enter with that silly smile on his face.
"You're in no position to be rude or pompous, Mr. Holmes. Be nice, answer me and maybe I'll think about the pictures".
"So you have to keep in mind that nothing you see here is real," Thor intervened, startling them. "Your past does not determine your future, it does not decide your destiny. They are only ghosts that haunt us, nothing more."
John stiffened, and, for a second, Sherlock was afraid he was to slam him against the wall. Instead, John kissed him back, softly, merely rubbing his lips, both caressing each other's lips, exploring them. John, grabbing Sherlock by his nape, kissed him fiercely, poking his tongue inside Sherlock's mouth, an electric current running through the detective's body, so potent that he felt himself near to faint, he closed his eyes, and they kissed, and kissed and kissed…
John gritted his teeth, and Sherlock cursed to himself. The memory of John and Mycroft's row at what happened in Serbia still hung over them.
“John, imagine for a second that William could walk through that door right now and look at you. How would he feel? He wanted you to go ahead, to keep on dreaming, smiling, crying, feeling… to keep on living, in sum. If you insist on destroying yourself as you are currently doing, his sacrifice won’t have been worth.”
"Great. My daughter is being threatened, and Mycroft can't think of anything better than to leave her there ALONE?!
As he did, his gaze fell on the shadow cast by Sherlock's coat behind him. He frowned. Hallucinations didn't cast shadows because they weren't corporeal.
"But... if it's true what you say, whoever discovered Mike is alive and held him captured is..." started John.
John knew all the wedding and guest excitement was totally against Sherlock's character, and the effort the detective was making for him made him fall even more in love. The effort and that damn purple tuxedo he was now trying not to focus his thoughts on, but which John knew well, would be torn to shreds before the end of the day.
He shook his head. It was undeniable that, despite the constant mistreatment he suffered, that man appreciated John Watson. And Donovan couldn't help feeling sorry for the doctor. She had always liked him. Moreover, she felt attracted by him from the very first moment she met him in the case of the serial suicide, coming along with the freak. To tell the truth, she wouldn’t have minded getting to know the doctor better, in every way.
"Mr. Holmes says he is nothing without his blogger. I just decided what I am going to be when I grow up. I'm going to be Spiderman, a medical detective. Or a detective-doctor. Hmmmmm, which will be better?"
John blinked, without knowing where he was. He smiled and stretched out his arms, and gently shook Sherlock, still curled up in his lap. Before he moved, John blindfolded him and helped the detective to get out of the car.
Lestrade stared at her for a few minutes, jaw dropped. He knew Sally enough to know she would never say anything she didn’t think. He smiled weakly. After such a long time, it felt great someone gave him credit.
"While Clay was plotting to capture Mycroft, he discovered I was in Afghanistan with John, so he decided to use me as bait. He beat me and made the photos of me pretending being captured. Then, as Sherlock found out, he made the photos of the place where I was supposedly kept prisoner and then digging the subsoil. Everything was perfectly prepared for them to set the trap".
"Please," Sherlock begged, desperately, squirming under Ironman, trying to free himself, "please, Tony. I have to go get him. I have to save John."
He turned around, his movements as posh and calculated as always, but he couldn't hide the sadness in his eyes.
"Time is a dimension like any other. Each dimension has its own time. You can freeze in one and go back in the rest. That is why you can die in one dimension, the one the other Sherlock brought with him, and still be alive in this one, as it has happened to Donovan and the other victims. So, my dear Mycroft, you have nothing to worry about. Your dear brother can continue to get into trouble as he has done up to now.
"Ela is helping me a lot" Mike smiled weakly, looking at John. "Thank you for recommending her to me. And to your brother in law to pay the therapy sessions".
Their captors pushed them out of the building and away from it for about a hundred yards. Trembling, the five of them waited. At night, the temperature would not exceed two degrees. Pointing a gun at Jonas and John's heads, they untied Bill, Luke and Henry's hands. One of the men threw a shovel at each of them.
He produced the multi-beam and shot two of them. A version of Sherlock, thin and emaciated, with long, dirty, disheveled hair, wearing a faded, old T-shirt that revealed arms full of syringe scars that tried to hold on to the detective. Another of Natasha, with pronounced jaws and a baleful look, dressed in a K.G.B. uniform who was addressing Natasha by mumbling in Russian, raising an accusing finger.
John laughed and cried at the same time. He looked at the detective, his face also full of tears, his scowl, the guilt in his eyes. He was happy, relieved, angry... he wanted to kiss Sherlock while strangling him.
"An abandoned facility," grunted Billy, reading his mind. "They just missed one little detail. The fucking military base buried underneath! What do they want with thermal cameras, infrared, radar for? It was a piece of cake, damn it!" Murray's yell echoed throughout the facility.
"Mate, this is indeed the strangest stag party I've been into. But it was the funniest also," Bill told John, sitting next to him in the stage, altogether with Sherlock, Lestrade, Mycroft, Molly, and Irene.
He understood better then the little attention Sherlock paid to day-to-day things like cooking, cleaning, or laundry. Not just because he considered them minor or boring or because he was wasting his intellect doing them. The detective was not used to it. From the time he was born, his house was clean, his food was ready, and his clothes were washed and ironed without any effort, thanks to the cooks, gardeners, and cleaners who worked in Musgrave. And Bart and Geena were determined to keep it that way while they were there. Dangerous. It was too easy to get used to that life and then go back to Baker Street.
He didn't have to. The elder Holmes watched him, hopefully for a millisecond, and then shattered. He never hated his deductive abilities as much as he did at that moment.
There was a dense, heavy, sad silence. Sherlock only asked if he could see John. The doctor told him he would be able to visit him as soon as he left the ICU.
"Well, if he says no, you just assume it and move on. But you can't go through life like that without getting Schrodinger's cat out of the box. Maybe he'll say no. But what if he says yes? Or what do you prefer? Spend your life pining for what could have been?"
Ever since John returned to Baker Street after Mary's death, Sherlock had been careful not to let him see the scars on his back, to avoid having to tell him about Serbia. But when both of them admitted their feelings, he knew he could not hide them anymore. He didn¡t want his first time having sex with John to be marked by them. So he told John briefly how he was captured, the days of torture, and how Mycroft rescued him, leaving out all the details that would make it even more painful for the doctor.
They reached a barred door. One of the officers pressed a button that elevated it. Then pushed Moran inside a hexagonal room and the door plunged heavily, with a loud metallic sound.
“I like your brain being so sensitive to words as your body is to the touch. I bet I could make you come only by telling you what punishment I have in mind for you.”
It was Rosie’s class parents WhatsApp group. Tommy’s father, after explained what happened to Tommy, wrote that the other kids remained at the camp with Sherlock (only - with - Sherlock, he highlighted), and the rest of the parents got instantly mad, writing messages about experiments, antisocial behaviour and taste for crime.
The two of them left the room without making a sound. The doctor turned and tiptoed to kiss Sherlock again.
She smiled sadly. God! That wasn’t being easy, but she felt how all the rage she kept inside started dissolving.
Sherlock smiled smugly and licked his own fingers covered with John's cum lustily looking at the doctor.
She stepped forward, climbed the seventeen steps, and opened the door. The two stopped at the entrance, next to the doctor's bags. He decided to leave Baker Street forever.
And so, he did the only he could do: try as much as possible to make John happy. Even if it meant dying a little every time he saw them together, every time John kissed Mary as Sherlock dreamed of being kissed by him, every time he was left alone in Baker Street knowing that his love was with Mary.
"Ladies and gentlemen, here we have the meddlesome know-it-all of Sherlock again. But yes. You are right. You shot me but didn't bury me. So, the question is, who did you bury in my place?
John was sitting down, very serious. He was wearing the jacket of his camouflage uniform. On it, an orange apron and tilted over his head, he wore Rosie's little purple hat. The girl clapped her hands, laughing, and waited.
John's hands ran up and down the detective's body under his coat, across his chest, his abdomen, his thighs... causing his nipples to harden under his shirt and his cock twitch under his trousers.
"Don't get too excited. It's part of the code." She took a small backpack and hanging on her back. "Warn me of anything suspicious. I don't think they are targeting you right now, but… I'm not sure in the future," she grimaced. "Sorry. Reassurance is not part of my job."
“A bit, at first, but I realized you only want this to run smoothly. I know I can be a bit… scary sometimes”.
John loved how responsive Sherlock was, how easily and intensely, he reacted to stimulation. Being so sensitive, it was not surprising that the man avoided physical contact as much as possible. Otherwise, half of London would have the detective moaning like jelly in his hands in a couple of minutes.
“Then he gripped me tightly, he said he loved me, and that he will be waiting for me and ...” John sobbed. ”If I hadn’t asked him to coming with me ... if I had let him stay in the army base ... he would still be alive.”
John swallowed, his mouth dry, looking first at the discarded plug and then at Sherlock, his almost orgasmic brain taking its time to realize it.
Donovan covered her face with her hands. She felt dizzy, frustrated, scared and had the feeling that everything was going from bad to worse. She looked at poor Mycroft, scared like a fawn. Shit. In some parallel universe, Sherlock Holmes was roaring of laughter.
The detective opened his eyes wide and cried with surprise, his body trembling as his prostate was mercilessly attacked. John soon mimicked the fucking machine's pace. Sherlock let out a moaned curse. Suddenly, all the edging John had undergone was coming back, and he felt an orgasm grow inside him that would break him in two.
From the moaning, he could tell that Sherlock was on the verge, too. The detective rolled his eyes, his mouth half-open, his fists clenched, his body quivering hard, fighting his orgasm;  he wanted to keep  fucking John until he came.
He chuckled, as his hands roamed the detective chest from his stomach to his collarbones, perceiving the muscles flinch under his touch.
"I'll give you fussing tomorrow after the wedding," retorted the doctor, grabbing the detective's arse, enjoying his blushed future husband.
Since he died, John saw Sherlock all the time: doing experiments, lying on the sofa, sitting on his armchair... sometimes, sleepless, lying in the darkness of the bed, the doctor thought he heard him play the violin, but when he went into the living room, everything was dark, silent and empty.
As they got back to Scotland Yard, the DI started barking orders. Soon, the woman was arrested and waiting for the Yards in the interview room.
“I’m going to make you feel so good……..,” whispered the doctor without parting his mouth from Sherlock’s skin. His lips kissed one cheek softly and sensually, and then his tongue licked sideways across the crack and to start kissing the other cheek.
But, somehow, the idea seemed amusing for the others, and soon all of them were putting on their coats and scarfs, while John unsuccessfully tried to stop them. Beaten, he took out his phone to warn Sherlock about the plague that was going to invade Baker Street in seconds, but Mike, guessing his intentions, took it out from his hands, and soon the phone was flying from hand to hand until John got tired of trying to recover it.
He opened them, to see his husband completely unraveled, his mouth opened, his hand grabbing his cock, his back arching and rocking into John's movements, torturing himself with John's cock, mouth wide open, gasping in pleasure, imploring John to let him come as John groaned and moaned, fucking him with all his might, without any mercy.
"Donovan, if you are going to shoot me, do it now because if you don't, I will. I would like to get back to the conversation John and I were having as soon as possible."
Rosie laughed heartily, while Sherlock and John made evident efforts not to burst out laughing too. It was clear the girl already knew what film it was, but she enjoyed the performance too much to say so.
They both disappeared down the corridor leading to the dungeons. She entered the last one and bent down under the BDSM table, in front of the metal frame that held it. She moved a sliding panel and waved Rosie into the gap.
“When you have a gift, you have a gift,” stated Sherlock shrugging and they both followed the marching kid’s line.
"Great, perfect, John is here when we lost Sherlock," muttered Lestrade. "Someone is going to die today."
"The two of you," Sholto bellowed to Mycroft and Lestrade, giving each an automatic gun, while the veterans took machine guns and assault rifles, "do not leave my side. The rest, move!"
Even with the dildo, Sherlock's ass was still fucking tight, his cock impossibly hard inside him. John moaned with pleasure, Sherlock made agonizing sounds, breathing heavily through clenched teeth, hands firmly resting on the counter, forcing his arms to prevent John's hard push to ram him up against the counter.
"Too many egos for too little space," sighed Steve, looking inquisitively at Sherlock, wondering what he had seen in Stark that had made the self-centered billionaire give up, something no one had ever done before. He looked down as the detective fixed his eyes on him, with the feeling that he was being scanned alive.
He whispers against my skin, lightly kisses my cheek.  “I want you,”   Desperation in his hushed voice, and suddenly I fail to breathe.  Heart lodged in my throat, flesh humming—each individual nerve on high alert.  “I want you.  Right now,”   I feel as though I’m melting under the heat of him.  Picture my bones in a puddle on the floor, having seeped out through my pores and leaving me lifeless, ruined.  He’s surrounding me—molded around my body and invading my mind. I can feel his erection growing, pressing heavily against my stomach, unrelenting.  My mind whirls, trying to catch up with this overwhelming input of sensation. His tone is confident, sure. He wants this. Wants
“You’re bloody right about that, but you're a dick for saying so,”  He inhales, plodding on determinedly.  “We never really talk through anything, Sherlock, do we?  It’s a problem, I think.  If I’d just told you that I left Mary a week after you’d returned, despite being furious with you, we wouldn’t have needed our meddling friends and all that bloody vodka to find our way here.  If I had just
He unlaces our fingers, lays my hand palm-up on his thigh.  “You’re talking about yourself,” Looking down, he traces shapes on my palm with the pads of his fingers.  “You mean that I couldn’t see who you really were either, before.” I say nothing, watching the movement of his fingertips on my skin.  “You’re right about that. I like to think I saw more than most. But I never could have imagined this.” He looks up at me then.
We’ve made our guests promise not to bring gifts—and we’ve assured each other that we won’t be buying anything either.  It was John’s idiotic idea, and I agreed because he forced me to. I won’t be keeping my promise—I had already purchased his gift nearly a month ago.  I don’t need anything from him, he’s already given me everything.
“For the record,”  John begins, pointedly ignoring the jumper that now lies in a heap on top of their cart full of fairy lights and baubles and books and Christmas crackers and toys and two tiny festive dresses.  “You had me before all that,”  He slides his palm down Sherlock’s forearm, grasping his hand tightly.
Sherlock wants to turn his body, to curl into John, to pull him close, closer.  To bury his face in the dip of his neck and breathe and breathe.
“Yeah—I’ve—recently been made aware,”  He rasps, swallowing thickly as Mrs. Hudson’s words scroll through his mind like a bloody neon marquee:
lose it.  My thoughts drift to danger, as they tend to do—to the sharp blasts of gunshots, rattling through my bones.  To panic, to injuries, to close calls—
page and scouring the whole of the website before setting it down on the table between them.  One long arm snakes around John’s waist, lean body shifting the last few inches along the booth to bring them hip to hip.  He takes John’s hand, places it palm up on his thigh, traces the lines on his palm with graceful fingertips until it rather tickles.  John is used to this.  Sherlock is thinking.  He waits.
An overwhelming wave of emotion washing through me, I turn my head on a whim, press my lips to his neck.  We haven’t done this yet, either—kissed—it never held any appeal for me until recently. Now I’m regularly compelled to lie my lips on various regions of his flesh.  But I haven’t. Until now. I let my tongue dance lightly across his skin, tasting salt, smelling his own musky scent where my nose rests under his jaw. He sighs, tightens his grip on my body.
.  He says nothing of last night.  Asks nothing of my tears. Just brushes back my hair and lies still in my arms.
me?”  He asks quietly, voice a bit brittle, as though he still wonders if he’s got it all wrong, has somehow misunderstood.  John aches to dissolve the confusion and doubt lurking beneath that question, would do anything to erase the years of pain that remain stubbornly wrapped around Sherlock’s fragile heart.
“A ceremony.  Vows.  Coordinating suits of my choosing—obviously.  A reception.  All of it,”  He grins back, perhaps a bit shyly.
“Oh come on.  We can see how far into the Oath of Allegiance we can get before being forcibly hauled off to the Stranger’s Room.  Could be dangerous.” His eyes sparkle menacingly, savage blue. My heart expands in my chest, seeing him like this.  A bit of the soldier shining through. Have barely caught a glimpse of that part of him in recent days, and it causes a wicked flurry of warmth to shoot through my ribcage and straight to my groin.  I feel a godless grin spreading slowly across my face and John stares fearlessly back at me, responding with a smirk full of heat and promise.
I run my fingers along the edge, in the only corner devoid of toys and furniture.  Then abruptly yank it up, pulling it free of the tack strips that hold it to the hardwood below.  “Oi!” Warns John, as I pull the carpeting back, back. Then the padding--old, worn. The metre of hardwood revealed is nearly flawless, nicely finished, not a scratch to speak of.  Why cover it up unless you’ve something to hide?
I look back at John.  His expression is grim.  “Shit,” He says. Shit, indeed.  I leap down into the small round room—ignoring John’s protests—to investigate the drum.  Forty-four-gallon, by the looks of it. The type used to store chemicals or hazardous waste.  Completely immovable and firmly welded shut.
“Glad you could make it,” His hand shifts to my elbow.  “Hope you don’t mind that I tracked down your mobile number—you ran off last night before I had a chance to say goodbye.”
“Clearly,”  He looks at me where I stand carefully holding the colorful creation of a five year old, and laughs.  “That’s a good look for you, Sherlock, you should keep that.” I hold it up to Rosie, raising my eyebrows in a silent question.  She nods, giggling as I place it in my pocket, leaving its head poking out the top. John scoops her up out of her chair. “Have fun with Molly and Greg?”  He asks. Another nod. She’s used to spending time with them—with Mrs. Hudson, as well.  She’s never known a life where her father didn’t disappear at random for days at a time.  “Greg’s at work, then?”
“No,”  He says firmly.  “I’ve always loved you, Sherlock.  That’s never been the problem,” I feel a new wave of tears well up and spill over at his words.  I do know that he loves me, on some level. I’ve always been able to feel it. But he’s never said it—not like this.
“Medication doesn’t work for you, then?”  Sherlock only inhales deeply, wincing slightly as his body shifts.  It takes every bit of will John’s got not to reach out.
“Sherlock,”  My shoe catches on the threshold and I stumble through the door to the flat.  Slide my Belstaff down my arms, down down, to the floor. “Sherlock, you need to go to bed.”  Do I? Maybe I do. “Sherlock.”
“You first,” He narrows his eyes, a hint of his usual petulance seeping into his voice.  John smiles.  He can’t help it.
His bow vibrates against taut strings as Sherlock sways, just barely, his eyes never once leaving John’s.  The despair present on his face underlines the music with wholly harrowing emotion as John stands frozen, transfixed, watching.  Listening.
I attempted to interview the staff, to no avail.  They either truly have no information on who chartered this flight or they’ve mastered their collective poker face.  No data to be gleaned. I haven’t managed to learn a thing about our questionable client in the past couple of days, and we’re no less in the dark about this case.  We did question whether we were simply being sent to our death by getting on this plane, but in the end decided that it’s quite unlikely. There are much less expensive ways to eliminate us.
“What’s he said, then?”  She hoists her other foot up to rest beside the injured one and shimmies until she’s settled in.  John shakes his head.  Not a chance he’s sharing this.  “Come on, out with it.”  He sighs.  Still no, but—
“You think I’m trying to leave you.  You believe I’ve done this because I’m not happy here,”  John swallows, unconsciously taking a step back.  Sherlock follows.  “You are an
I wave my hand carelessly—“I’ll have Mycroft set it up.  Let him feel useful, for once,” John snorts. “He can expedite the whole process,” I look at John for a long moment, suddenly feeling a bit nervous.  Butterflies, really? “There are things I’d like to do, too,” I pause, feeling my heart swell beneath my ribcage. “Soon.”
He’d intended to do so over dinner.  He’d reserved a private table on a lovely rooftop terrace with a staggering view of the sparkling London night.  He’d wanted to climb up, up, up, up and stare down at their city—this time with John right there by his side, within his reach, and absolutely no inclination to take any (literal) leaps.  No toeing the line between solid ground and open air.  No need to fall anywhere but (finally, officially) into each other's arms (well, he can hope).  He’d chosen that specific location for its absurd prices and pretentious menu.  He’d requested a candle.
After dinner, Molly and Tom must set off for Croydon..  As we stand at the door saying our goodbyes, Molly kisses my cheek, whispers in my ear.  “I’m so happy for you,” She says. “You deserve this, you know,” I pull back to stare at her, unsure how to respond.  I don’t agree, but I’ve been working on trying to. I don’t believe that anyone deserves John, least of all me, but I am becoming more comfortable with the fact that he’s chosen me nevertheless.
he’d said, hovering in the entryway—not quite a question, but not a command, either.  John had stopped half way down the stairs, small bag slung over his shoulder, and turned to face him.
Before I can say anything of substance, he’s sliding toward me, hands shaking.  Reaching out, he touches my face. Thumbs brushing over my cheekbones. Trembling fingers are at my temples, then slide back, behind my ears, down my neck, and stay there.  I'm frozen in place again, watching as his eyes grow wet, tears spilling over, still staring into mine. Blue. His palms are cupping my neck as the pads of his fingers trace over my nape.  Up into the short curls there, and back down again. Then on to my shoulders, my arms. He pauses, then pulls me in. Closer than we've ever been. He's breathing hard, sobbing now. Hands clutching my back, holding me tight.  I feel the long gashes burn under the pressure of his hands over my coat. I don't mind. He doesn't know they're there; knows nothing of the whips and chains and rage and fear. I didn't expect this warmth. I thought there would be punches thrown, angry words, loud voices.  I was prepared for that. Not for this. Not at all. After a long moment, my arms come up from where they've been lying helplessly at my sides. I hold on to him and try not to lose myself completely. My eyes begin to prickle and I let the tears fall. Relief. An overwhelming sense of it.  We hold on for a long time. Melt slowly into each other, breaths slowing. His face pressed into my neck, fists in my coat. I've buried my face in his hair, eyes closed, breathing him in. Hands gliding up and down his back.
—and really, I didn’t want any sort of romantic entanglement anyway.  As shaken as I was by the sudden awakening of my interest in another person, I was positive that I didn’t need there to be a romantic component to our relationship.  And so we’d let our friendship grow, and he’d surprised me again and again with his unwavering integrity and loyal nature.
“Idiot,”  I scowl. If this is the reason he’d rejected my many invitations, then he really is an imbecile.  If he’d only listened to my reasoning, they could have been here with me all these years. “There has never been a time when I didn’t want you here,”  In fact, it’s continued to be nearly unbearable, living here without him—to watch the two of them walk out the door each night, headed for their own home.  After all these years, I still miss them fiercely once they go. I grab his wrist, look at him intently, try to convey everything that I don’t have the words for yet.  “Just come back, John.”
“Sorry?”  They all laugh.  I look to John, who’s turned a sickly shade of white.  He’s as uncomfortable as I am. Good. This entire nightmare is his doing.
“Idiot,”  John says fondly, shoving Sherlock toward his bedroom.  “You knew I’d do that.  Always picking up your bloody mess.”
Molly pleads, glaring at Greg’s baffled expression and disheveled grey hair, a fond smirk threatening to shatter her illusion of disapproval.  They all look up abruptly at a sudden movement on the loft, gazing in amusement as Sherlock spirals elegantly down the slide, leaping off the end with a flourish and scooping Rosie up into his arms.
“You both deserve this.  And John—you forget, I think, what he was like,”  She pauses, carefully selecting her words.  “You’ve always seen the good in him, from the very start.  But he’s been rather—unkind—throughout his life.  Thoughtless, maybe, is the word.  Selfish.  I’m sure people gave him plenty of reasons not to trust them, but—”  She sighs, rolling back to stare up at the sky.  “Before you, he was an island.  Cold and aloof.  Self-serving and rude.  And now look at him,”  She turns her head to grin at John.  “Look at this place.  It’s like a bloody shrine to everything you are to him.  Warmth and strength and stability—it’s so lovely, John,”  She squeezes his arm, where her hand still rests.  “I know that you—
he supposes, is the answer.  There have been countless times over the years—from the very start, as he says—that John watched an expression of absolute surprise flit over Sherlock’s features as a direct result of something John himself has done or said.  He thinks this, but says nothing.  Sherlock seems to see it anyway.  He smiles.  “Of course you do,”  He sighs, sliding a hand up to cup the side of John’s neck.  “You anticipate exactly what I need, even when I haven’t realized I may need it.”
“Oh,”  He lets his eyes fall closed and imagines Sherlock is beside him, whispering against his skin, lips pressed to the shell of his ear—a scenario that’s suddenly within their realm of possibility.  John shivers.  Ninety hours since they’ve spoken and now they remain silent for a small eternity, listening to each other breathe.  In, out.  Sherlock seems to be waiting, giving John a moment to collect himself.  So he tries valiantly—takes a deep breath, aims for levity.  “Thought we’d been speaking this whole time.”
Oh, God.  Is this it?  Is Sherlock going to be the brave one, stepping over the line and walking headlong into this?  Or is that wishful bloody thinking and this is something else entirely—John inhales deeply, preparing himself for anything.  Preparing himself for the worst.
“Upset that my favourite person wanted to whisk me away to the sea?”  He smiles and Sherlock’s heart begins to soar.  “It’s lovely here, Sherlock.  I’m grateful for it.  Been a bit—”  He exhales loudly, searching for the word.  “Lost.”
My most prominent thought as I glance around the room is that I cannot see John in this place at all.  I see none of his abundant compassion in these beige walls or faux wood floors. The stiff grey couch and the wallpaper behind it speak not of the man at my side.  Neither the armchair in the corner nor the rug on the floor show an ounce of his warmth.
“What the hell was that, Molls?”  Greg closes the door behind their fleeing dinner guest and gazes incredulously at the gentle and thoughtful and beautiful and
“Come on in,” Maude says without batting an eye as she rounds the corner and spots me lurking near the dressing room.  “This won’t take long,” I follow her into the small room, walls lined with mirrors, countertops full of makeup and an absurd number of wigs.  My eyes roam over the racks of clothing shoved against the back wall. “Every Saturday,” She says with a smirk, saving me from inquiring about how often she performs.  “Thinking of retiring, though. Been doing this for too damn long,” She rolls her eyes as she yanks the wig from her (bald) head. “Ben,” She says, shaking my hand. I nod.
Silence fills the small office.  John still stands, both hands clutching the back of the chair.  He looks up to meet Greg's eyes, expression fierce.
strange, for us.   “Come here?” He asks quietly, lying back and stretching his arm out against the bed in invitation.  I hesitate, then slide over awkwardly and tuck myself against his side. His hand immediately comes up to rest on my back, and I gradually relax into him, head pillowed on his shoulder.  I wrap an arm around his waist, keeping my hands out of his shirt this time. He sighs. Content. I let myself take comfort in this, too—in his warmth, his proximity. He’s right. It feels right.  “Goodnight,” He whispers into my curls, his hand brushing up and down my back. I tighten my grip on his waist, hitch an ankle over his, and melt slowly into sleep.
“Come here,” A low rumble.  Sherlock is looking back at him with dark, hazy eyes.  Pleading eyes.  John goes.  Soon long fingers are combing through his hair, cupping his jaw, tracing a warm path down his side to remain on the curve of his waist.  “What is it, John?”  John swallows, shuts his eyes.  Shakes his head.
He’d never meant for this exercise to turn into a bloody one-sided conversation.  Ella had suggested that he write—the same bland suggestion she’d made when he’d returned from war, broken and inconsolable and ready to get the fuck out of this life.  She’d told him to write out his thoughts, since he clearly couldn’t speak them.  Now she tells him to write his regrets.
would leave?  John had spent the following months thinking the same—certain that he’d overstepped entirely—that it would be the thing to finally break their precarious relationship.  He’d also had to nurse his emotional wounds, to learn to accept the rejection.  It was a complicated time.
Sherlock can feel John’s boundless blue gaze on him, can feel the jut of his chin pressed against his sternum as John peers up at his inscrutable face.  He can feel the ceaseless sweep of John’s thumb against his skin, the wild, flailing thud of his own heart behind his ribs, the line of warmth that remains, still—cloaking him, keeping him here.  Right here.
“That’s nice to hear.  John has made a lot of progress,” She nods at him.  “Your return has been quite a shock, it seems. A shock and a relief.”  Obviously. I nod again, unsure how to respond to such a statement. “He’s mentioned that you’ve been through a shock of your own.  Are you interested in pursuing therapy?” Ah.
It’s Friday afternoon, and it seems that we have nowhere to be until tomorrow evening.  In my research over the past week, I’ve found little useful information on our future friend (eventual suspect?) Holling Collins—he seems to be quite adept at flying under the radar.  And we are entirely unsure about this Maude character that we’re going to meet. I did find that Mr. Collins is a mere thirty three years of age, however. Hadn’t seen that coming. We’re practically old men—over a decade older than this person we’re meant to befriend.  I think of myself at that age. Still entirely alone—the world a dark, unfriendly place. I never could have guessed that just one year later, John would come along and light it up.
at the time.  Was still trying to accept it.  We had just gotten through the worst year of our lives together—Mary’s death and all of the pain that had followed—and I was coming to terms with my dawning realization that he was the unrequited love of my life.  When he’d enthusiastically insisted I reach out to her, I did. I thought that if I couldn’t have John, I may as well seek out a distraction. It was too difficult to be around him, at the time.
Sherlock says nothing, but his eyes rake over John’s form—memorizing him, perhaps, or deducing what he can from this unfamiliar expanse of flesh.  John stares right back.  When finally their gazes lock, Sherlock steps forward, palms gliding over the hard muscle of John’s biceps, across strong shoulders and up his neck.  He threads fingers through silver hair and carefully reclaims their connection, lips gently meeting John’s at last.  The kiss is chaste—a far cry from the desperate, fumbling embrace they’d shared in the garden.  This is a delicate affirmation, a soft reassurance.
He sighs, eyes closed.  Mouth wet on my neck. Arm stretched, fingers grasping for the bedside table, returning with the bottle of lube in hand.  I sit up, watch him intently.
Releasing Sherlock’s fingers, he turns onto his side, propping his head up with his recently freed hand and looking down at the man sprawled out on the grass beside him, grey eyes quietly searching his own.  John hooks a finger through a belt loop and tugs, smiling when Sherlock rolls his eyes and then his body, shifting until they lie face to face.
Bringing his other hand up to Sherlock’s cheek, John holds his head between each palm and presses his reverence into familiar warm skin, inhaling the heady scent of the man in front of him.  His lips move languidly from brow, forehead, cheekbone, eyelid, to softly panting mouth, lingering in each spot, taking his time.  Whenever he does this—nearly every night that they’ve been together—Sherlock just stills and allows it to happen.  Closes his eyes, sighs and breathes as John kisses a path over his pliant face.  Perhaps he’s remembering that first time, in the garden—tearing down the last of their barriers with his lips, showing him exactly what he feels and what he knows they could be.  Should be.  Are.
John is watching me.  My eyes have just flickered open to find his blue orbs staring me down from a mere eight inches away.  Face to face we lie--as we tend to do in this new life--and say nothing.
The room is large.  Considerably larger than the space Sherlock has chosen for himself next door.  Certainly the master bedroom, and entirely empty but for the floor-to-ceiling built-in wardrobes on either side of the window seat, mirroring the one in what his mind has now affectionately coined the Bird Room.
John wants to say something profound in this stolen moment.  He feels antsy and a bit overwhelmed by the emotional revolution the last twenty four hours have been.  He’s still desperately trying to wrap his head around everything Sherlock has given him, and he wishes he had words sufficient to express the flurry of feeling this day has inspired.
The door opens straight into the main living area, bright and expansive—hundreds of squares of coloured glass form two massive windows that sit high on the back wall, casting their kaleidoscopic light across the warm wooden floors.  Directly below them sit two even larger paned windows that show off the flowering back garden, forming an explosion of colour when you walk through the door.
Speakerphone—one ring, two—no answer.  Perhaps I was wrong. Wouldn’t be the first time.  Three rings—I’d
Ruth stayed with them often, watching helplessly as the love they once shared gradually faded.  She started seeing the signs of violence, saw the light in Linda’s eyes begin to dim.
is a YouTube playlist of songs that put me in that mindset, if anyone feels like crying today.  They aren't all heartbreaking, some are more hopeful.  Most of them are pretty relevant to the John/Sherlock dynamic.  The genres are all over the damn place, as they're all songs that were important to me at different times in life.  Listened to them all while writing this.
But all that’s there is relief.  Relief, affection, gratitude. Everything I feel for him, reflected sincerely back at me.
“We have a press conference scheduled for Monday,” We better tell them the rest of it. “We know they’ll ask, they always ask, and this time we’ll be answering.  There’s something else you should know, though,” Mrs. Hudson has been kind enough not to immediately ask about the woman John had planned on marrying a week ago.  I nod at Lestrade.
“He spends half his time up in Monte Rio,”  A shrug. “That’s the gist of it. As much as he likes to talk, he never says much.”
We retrieve our luggage from the (conveniently open) boot, and head inside, glancing out the window as the car drives off the moment we shut the door behind us.  All right, then. I take a second to wonder if they have taxis here, before being promptly distracted by the interior of the cottage. It’s a bit larger than it looks from the outside—high ceilings with wooden beams, packed bookshelves lining the walls, a large sectional sofa and a flatscreen television mounted over an antique credenza.  Decorated tastefully—full of character, bright and warm. We meander into the small kitchen, poke our heads into the loo. Glance at each other a bit awkwardly when we confirm that there is indeed only one bed.
When John rushes forward to meet him—fingers clutching at Sherlock’s cheeks and tilting his head until they fit together like they were always meant to—all lingering reservations, already dulled by alcohol, seem to fly straight out the window.  Perhaps John is simply seeking comfort in him, to soothe an aching heart.  But that's alright, isn't it?  They’d been inching their way toward this, he thinks, before.  Before he’d left.  Before he’d died and made everything awful for the both of them.
I started and abandoned this chapter three times!  I still don't know if it's any good!  I'm losing steam!  SOS!
Sherlock’s deep laughter is like a balm to John’s soul—filled with amused relief and something like delight.
When Molly lets go at last, she instantly drops down to sit cross-legged in the grass, patting the space beside her.  John joins, honestly grateful to continue this conversation.
After a long moment, he pulls back, looks up at me.  “Can I?” He asks. Oh, God. I nod slowly, feeling suddenly hesitant at the thought of another human being’s hands on me like this.  But it’s John, and I trust him. I want this for us—I really do. He grabs a bottle of shampoo off the shelf, applies some to his palm, then reaches down.  His grip is light, eyes on my face—watching for signs of protest. Always such concern for my wellbeing. I’d been holding my breath and when he begins a slow, languid stroke, I let it all out in a dramatic sigh.  I feel completely raw, exposed to his touch—like each of my nerves has been flicked on, lit up. Heart thundering in my chest, blood swimming with lust and an overwhelming affection, pleasure coiling dangerously within me.  Sounds escape my mouth that I hadn’t known I was capable of—my arms have found their way around John’s neck, cheek pressed against his as I pant and moan into his ear. I shout when I come, voice echoing through the tiled walls that surround us.  John pulls our bodies flush together, holds on to me as I come down from this new kind of high—his arms keeping me anchored while my head’s in the sky.
No steps, no ladder.  It’s a silo basement, only three metres in diameter, maybe two metres deep.  Red bricks form the circular room--empty, but for a great deal of dust--and the large steel drum sitting right in the centre.
I want you too, John.  This thirty-one hour drought is the longest we’ve gone without jumping on each other since we began this thing between us.  One would think that thirty-four years of celibacy would have better prepared me, but now that I’ve got him, I want him all the time.
“Mm,”  John says, watching with no small amount of amusement as Sherlock darts toward a particularly tall, narrow tree sticking out of a massive pile of similarly tall, narrow trees.
“What’re you going to do with the Baker Street flats?” Greg asks through a mouthful of Som Tum.  John glances at Sherlock, feeling his stomach flutter a bit.  They haven’t talked about this at all—he’s been hesitant to bring it up, knowing full well that it’s a difficult topic.  Trust Greg to toss it out there without a second thought.  Sherlock meets John’s slightly panicked gaze briefly before glaring down at his barely touched Pad Thai.  The air around them grows uncomfortably quiet, and John is about to clumsily change the subject when Sherlock looks at him again and then clears his throat.
Carefully, he begins to move his hips.  A deliberate, lingering grind against my own.  Shallow, delayed thrusts. It’s
money, and you’re my family.  We have the means to live comfortably, so let’s.” He doesn’t respond to this, just moves forward and wraps his arms around my waist.  Kisses my jaw. What did I say? It seems I’ve somehow gotten this right. Whatever’s happening, I’m going to take it as a victory. “So--Thai?”
I can hardly get the words out.  Honestly, the language they choose to employ here—vulgar.  Ineloquent.
“I believe that she requires our assistance,”  Though I’m still unsure why she hadn’t revealed herself from the start.  “This location was chosen deliberately—close enough to Hal’s pub of choice to keep an eye on him, but removed enough to not raise much suspicion.  Believable as a holiday destination—a quaint cottage amongst the trees,” I suspect she presumed that Henry would be sent to our residence at some point, and therefore the location would be revealed to our suspect.  I’ve read and reread each of her eight increasingly desperate emails from the last eleven months. Now that I know the voice behind the words, I can see that her concern is sincere. Whatever Hal is up to, it has affected her directly.
The woman hesitated for a tenth of a second and opened her eyes wider when she saw Holmes raise his gun and fire. Her body fell to the ground with a dry thud.
Donovan shook his head. Anderson was a redesigned moron, just as Sherlock shouted from the rooftops. But he also was a twisted person, with a special talent for finding the other’s weaknesses. Not surprisingly, he was who found the insults that hurt the freak the most, no matter how much the fool in the coat tried to pretend that he didn't care. It was not a good idea to have Anderson as an enemy.
"Don't you dare tell Mycroft, John or anyone else about what I said" Sherlock hesitated a bit "Please, Greg".
“Can I ask you something?“ finally said Lestrade. ”You don’t have to answer it if you don’t feel for it.”
John waited. The detective never talked about his rehabilitation therapy, and the idea of Sherlock talking with a therapist was almost science fiction for him.
The doctor dipped his hand in the flour and spread it on the table, from left to right, sprinkling the detective in his wake.
But, above all, he was a rational man. And his mind knew it was not wise to cling that impossible dream.
She ran back to Mycroft's office and closed the door. Then, she took a breath and opened her laptop, and wrote a quick email.
In this chapter, there are some references to the last episode "The Final Problem" but adapted to this fic, in which Sherlock and John get together after what happened in Culverton Smith's morgue (there is a kiss instead of a hug).
"You shouldn't take everything for granted, Mycroft Holmes," she shouted, annoyed. "Years ago, I was like you."
"Because he loved you, idiot" Lestrade answered fondly "And people do crazy things when they are in love" he whispered.
"Irene!" scowled Molly, covering Rosie's ears with her hands, as the girl giggled. The Dominatrix entered the room, smiling amusedly, looking at Molly from top to bottom. The pathologist held her gaze under her scrutiny. Although she knew Sherlock chose Irene because her house was the safest place to leave Rosie, she didn't trust her. Her spider-like air waiting for her prey made her nervous.
Sherlock nodded, looking at the man. He was right; he couldn't deduce him. A cup of tea appeared in his right hand.
Molly smiled to herself. She may not be the only consulting detective in the world, but it was clear that the Dominatrix was, if not lying, at least not telling the whole truth. It was clear she prepared that room not just for Mandy's daughter.
"And why don't you do that?" he asked in a smug tone, not stopping to fiddle with his umbrella. Sherlock narrowed his eyes, focusing his attention on it for a few moments to look back at his brother.
"Let's wait and see what that has to do with John and Sherlock, shall we?" he asked softly, a smile dancing in his eyes. "Soul mates," he whispered, tapping him gently on his shoulder and intently looking at him.
"They say when you are going to die, you see your whole life passing in front of your eyes, but I only could see all the things I would never live with Sherlock. All the love, the cases, the rows, the…" he blushed, and Mrs. Hudson chuckled a bit, "I would miss, and, for the first time, I felt terrified at the thought of dying. Because, ever since I met Sherlock, I felt my life had a meaning; I felt, after so many years, my life was worthwhile, that I was worthwhile. Before I met him, I was so alone, so empty, so useless..."
Because John in that damn red swimsuit, showing his tanned, muscular body (he should have said no when the doctor decided to go back to playing rugby to get in shape for the wedding) was enough for to arouse bathers' interest in all senses, who were soon fluttering around, shamelessly flirting with him.
"You too, Gregory. Although I can't deny that your outfit is..., stimulating and I hope you use it more often at home..."
“John, please, touch me. Yes, oh, God, Oh, God, oh, I’m going to…” Nnnnnngggggggno…. John, noooogggggggg not the nipples” Jjjjjjohhhhhhhhhnnnnnnnnnn”
Little by little, the others woke up, thirsty, like them. Sholto was near the trailer door when it opened, and Pete and Jake came in, whispering and giggling.
"Fucking holy shit," he muttered between pants, breathing heavy, feeling he could come again at any moment. His cock throbbed, hard as a rock, seeing the lust in Sherlock's eyes when his head turned towards John, moaning hard as he hit his prostate with now three fingers inside him. He gave a couple more thrusts and whined while taking out his fingers.
"A portable shield," explained Mycroft, "secret military technology" he stressed the last syllables throwing an incendiary look at Mark, who didn't flinch.
Fifteen minutes later, they arrived at a rock formation similar to a dolmen. It wasn’t a megalithic one, but one built around the eighties and appeared on the map because it was a great refuge during a lightning storm. Instead of the usual three rocks that formed the dolmen, two vertical and one horizontal lying over the other two, this dolmen had another one leaning over the two vertical ones, like a wall, so the children would be warmer and safe inside it. The detective made all of them sit on the ground.
"Look who's here" announced Donovan, appearing through the door of Mycroft's living room, where Sherlock, Rosie, Anthea, Molly and Mrs. Hudson were chatting while having tea and watching a Disney film the girl selected.
The two melted into a passionate kiss, John wrapping his hand around Sherlock's hair, the detective, embracing the doctor, forgetting everything and everyone, time, space, the past, and the future. Only they existed, the here and now. Almost breathlessly, they undid the kiss, their foreheads together, both lost in each other's eyes until they became aware of their surroundings. They parted, their cheeks reddened.
He put his hand on the knob and Sherlock almost chocked in horror, rotating his wrists. If Sebastian opened that door…
"Okay, time out, time out, contestants to your corners" intervened John, anticipating that this would lead to an argument.
"Plessssssssss" he sobbed "I cntt, plessssssss, noggggggggggggggg" he begged, sobbing, as Donovan and Anderson kept on fucked him harder.
"But I wanted to talk to you and Daddy" she made a Sherlockian pout that forced the detective to smile. "Where's Daddy?"
"I'll leave men to watch you and put others to watch Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson until you finish your... kissing".
Mike tried to hide a smile as John, shaking his head, caressed the boy’s hair, smiling. All was well that ended well.
