‘Was’.  There it was again.  The past tense.  How John hated it.  He was just miserable without his ‘partner’ and they hadn’t even been together.  How he wished it had been him and not Sherlock, up on that roof.  He would gladly have sacrificed himself if it meant Sherlock was still here.  That the world could still be dazzled by that talent instead of offended by a has-been doctor who could barely move himself off the sofa most days.
John gave the phone back to Sherlock, grinning up at him.  “That’s brilliant.  I’ll get to spend the holidays with you after all.”
When John came out he had a smile on his face so the audition had obviously gone well which was a relief.  They headed back out to their rooms, taking the scenic tour that went past their own private alcove.
John soon nodded his head and Sherlock slowly pushed in, inching forward and pausing frequently to give John time to stretch around him.  They both groaned when Sherlock was finally fully seated, his balls touching John’s skin.  Sherlock waited again for John to tell him to move, knowing that it was just as necessary for himself to wait, as well.  The tight feeling of being encased inside John was almost enough to set him off on its own.  They both gathered themselves together and, when John looked him in the eye, he pulled almost all the way out, before slowly pushing in once more.
"You sit here, John; you make the comfiest pillow."
“Well, yes, um thanks.  I’ve decided that I don’t want to forget about it.  As unbelievable as it all is, I’d rather remain as I am and not have Sherlock do some weird thing to me.”
John started moving again, brushing Sherlock’s prostate on every pass.  It didn’t take them long to get back to the precipice.  Sherlock took hold of his cock and started stroking in time with John’s movements.  He raised his other arm to John and nodded at the slightly worried look that greeted him.  When John felt as if he was just about to come, he bit into Sherlock’s wrist and - Holy Hell - that felt amazing.  He pulsed his release into Sherlock’s body as he sucked the blood out of his wrist.  He felt Sherlock shivering around his shaft as he also came at the sensation of John sucking his blood.
"I'm not really hungry."
John bumped Sherlock's shoulder as he grinned at him.
“You’re worrying me now, Sherlock.  What’s happened?  And what is with my throat?”  John sat up and clutched at his throat, feeling an almost choking dryness and a burning pain, like he needed something but didn’t know what.
On Sunday morning Sherlock dressed very carefully in a black suit with a purple shirt almost identical to the one he had previously owned – or maybe still owned – he wasn’t sure what John had done with his wardrobe during his absence.  He had seen John’s eyes whenever he’d worn that purple shirt before and knew it was a particular favourite of John’s.  He would play every advantage he could get because he knew he was unlikely to escape without some kind of quite possibly violent reaction from his sure-to-be-shocked friend.
“I’m not tickling you.”
“Don’t be daft, you don’t need taming.  You just needed a reason to want to behave and a welcome distraction from all the bores.  If I can provide that service for you then I am happy to do so.”  John laughed.
“Your heart.  You gave it to me when you were thirteen years old and I’ve kept it with me since then.  It’s seen as much battle as I have, but still it’s remained more or less in one piece, a bit battered perhaps, but just as good as when you gave it to me.”  John looked up at the surprise still on Sherlock’s face.  He took Sherlock’s hand and squeezed it tight.  “I kept it safe for you all these years, Sherlock, and if you would accept it, I’d be happy to give you my own in exchange.  Hell, it’s already yours anyway - it has been since we were kids – but if you want to take things further then I would love to do so.  I love you, Sherlock.  Always have, always will.”
Sherlock shook his head lightly at John's antics then took his hand as he stood.  "You may indeed, Mr Watson."  Sherlock leant forward and, for John's ears only, he added, "As you have many times before."
John raised his eyebrow.  He knew very well that he hadn't told Sherlock what tea he had ordered.
"You're just a big softie under all that, aren't you?"
The boys headed up and Sherlock gratefully locked the door behind him.
"Oh, go on; be off with you, now.  You know I can clear those myself.  You go and have fun with your friend."
“You certainly aren’t as boring as the general population, that’s for sure.  You’ve always been able to surprise me.”
“Don’t be stupid.  Why on earth would I do that, especially after what we’ve just done?”
“I’m not dangling anything; I’m completely serious.  Plus, I wouldn’t use bribery to secure anyone’s services, I am an officer of the law, you know.”
By the time John had changed yet again and finished his last patient it was five forty five and he had had way more than enough.  He had only had half a sandwich all day, which he had grabbed as he’d walked through the break room after changing for the second time, and he was starving.  His headache had been hovering all day as he hadn’t had enough water to hydrate himself after last night’s drinking and had only managed one cup of tea which had been cold by the time he’d eventually drunk it with a couple more tablets.
"Oh, just give it a try.  Honestly, it'll be worth it."
Sherlock needed to feel that too.  He used the hand on the opposite side to John and wrapped his larger palm around them both, his fingers overlapping John's own.  They stroked together, rocking their hips inwards as their hands went up and squeezed their shafts together.  John gave Sherlock a hard kiss, looking down to where their hands were joined.
"Wow!  You really are amazing."
As they had done in past years, they had held a little party to celebrate both their birthdays.  It was usually organised between the two dates but this year it had been delayed until the weekend after they started back to school.  They had invited the whole class as usual, even though Sherlock didn’t consider them his friends, which had included the new girl, Mary Morstan.
Sherlock immediately grabbed his phone and dialled John’s number again to listen to the new message.
"Watching sweaty boys running around a rugby pitch - sounds like the highlight of my day."
Mycroft could read the indecision and the reluctant acceptance so he settled it by picking up the phone for his driver and asking him to bring the car round immediately.  He handed Sherlock a key for the front door.
Sherlock was analysing the taste of imaginary-John within his mouth.  This was so realistic – his superior intellect had obviously fashioned a perfect analytical dream for him.  This was just the sort of input he found fascinating.  He wished he could have kept some to put on a slide.  He would love to study this under his microscope and see John’s sperm in action.  He could do a comparison with a sample of his own and examine motility and do a full sperm count to see who was more virile.  He had no doubt the answer would be John.  He was sure his would be more intelligent, of course, but John was definitely the more physical specimen.
“Yes, that is your head.”
“John, you have not slept properly for five days.  I think another night in a chair will do your shoulder permanent damage.”
“Umm… right…, errr… okay.”
“I’m sure a few minutes won’t make any difference.”
“Oh sure.”  John lifted his shirt and showed Greg his unblemished skin where the bolt had entered his body.  “You were the perfect cure.  Guess I should say a proper thank you for that.”
“What are Valentine cakes?  Is that to do with the stupid thing they were taking about at school?”
"Well, there may also have been a couple of incidents in the chemistry labs at one or two of them."
“I suppose so.  Not a lot we can do about that right now then, we’ll just have to keep our eyes open next term, as you suggested.”
"Well, John has red knuckles so I put the two together and thought maybe he punched you."
John tried to retain the name they had just used and the fact that the bloke apparently worked in some kind of lab to tell Sherlock later.  He didn’t like the sound of this new idea though.  Experimental drugs were risky at the best of times, but in a situation like this, he didn’t fancy his chances.  A beating he could take; and had indeed proven on many occasions that he wouldn’t crack under that sort of pressure.  Chemically altering his perceptions, however, wasn’t something he could consciously control.  He would just have to hope that Sherlock got here soon.  He had no doubt that Sherlock would find him.  The detective had never let him down yet and had found him on each of the previous four occasions when he had been kidnapped.
“Well, he usually answers his texts almost before I’ve finished sending them so it certainly isn’t like him.  Did he say anything about where he was when he asked for this information?”
There was a flicker of movement at the end of the street.  Sherlock had excellent night vision but he still strained his eyes as if he couldn’t believe what he was seeing.  It was John.  John with his head up, marching down the street purposefully towards him.  Was that a good sign or a bad one?  Did it mean he’d made his decision to leave or stay?  Sherlock still stood watching and as John got closer he looked up and saw Sherlock in the window, his eyes following him closely.  John climbed the stairs into the flat and stood by the door, closing it behind him and looking at Sherlock who remained where he was with his back to him.
“You are far too good at that for a beginner and much too distracting.”
“Goodbye, John.”
Well, it’s been nice knowing you, even if only through your words.  I’m sorry to just let rip like that.  We lost one of our team this week; he got caught in crossfire and I tried everything I could to save him but he bled out under my hands.  I guess I’ve been feeling a bit weird since then.  Thinking about what I want and who I want and I’ve sort of been thinking that life’s too short.  There you go, a ridiculous excuse for a stupid comment to end what could have been a great friendship.  It’s been great writing to you, even for such a short time.
“That is delicious.  If I knew whisky could taste that good, I might have indulged earlier.”
John looked at himself in the mirror – well, not quite as good as a James Bond tuxedo, but certainly not far off.  He was very pleased with the result and happily followed Mycroft in to the next room to meet the team with whom he would be working that night.  They spent the day getting everything set up and giving John a run through of all the codes they would be using and how the operation would be run.  It was all fairly standard, and nothing John hadn’t done before.
“Oh, John, is it?  You must be Henry’s son?”
Sherlock decided that he would like to see where this would go.  He wanted to try his hand at being with John.  He was a genius he could do anything, so why couldn’t he do this.  He certainly didn’t want to risk their friendship but if John already had these feelings himself then it wasn’t as if Sherlock was going in to the situation blind and throwing out wild suggestions.  He would just have to let John know that he was open to new possibilities and see what John made of that.
I’ll look forward to hearing your gorgeous voice soon.
“Okay, I suppose you’d better go then.”  Now that it came down to it, Sherlock didn’t want to say goodbye.  Everything seemed better when John was around, even if it was only on the end of the phone.
John managed to walk Sherlock backwards whilst still kissing him, until Sherlock found the back of his knees hitting the bed and he sat down abruptly.  John followed along and sat himself astride Sherlock’s hips, his hands sinking into Sherlock’s soft, wavy hair, holding him tightly so he could kiss him even more deeply.
I’d give anything for you to actually see this letter.  I’ve got to get my feelings out somehow – I don’t know what to do with them; I have so many piling on top of me and I don’t like it.  I need you to interpret; to help me; to understand me; to be with me.
John lifted the hand held in his own and raised it to his lips before gently pressing a kiss on to the knuckles.  He put it down again and traced the skin with his thumb and smiled as he looked back up at Sherlock.
“No, ‘m hot.  Need it off.”  He pulled at it again but it had obviously been securely fastened at the back.”
“Of course they are, I made them.  Well, I didn’t make the cakes, I only decorated them, but I did make the heart.  What did you think?”
Sherlock reached for one of the blood bags and quickly drank it down, followed by another, rapidly getting his strength back.  He moved over to John who was now sitting up and looking dejected.
"We mustn't be late for Mummy's party, but we can't go down like this, John."
Sherlock smiled shyly up at John who grinned back at him just as the policeman came running round the corner.
They moved over to a table near the bar.  John noted that the man who came to take their order was one of Mycroft’s team and another was seated at the table behind him.
“I heard you playing and guessed this was where you would be.  I’ve seen you come up here before.”
“What would you have said if it wasn’t?”
The last entry said that Sherlock had found one of the bosses with a possible side-line down in a warehouse on the east bank of the river on the outskirts of town and had planned to go there that night to investigate further.  Unfortunately, he hadn’t specified which warehouse it was.  John opened the map to see if that would provide another clue.  On the east bank there were several buildings at the edge of the town which could be possible locations.  Sherlock had crossed off three which he had obviously already checked which left them with five to investigate.
“Um, sorry, Sherlock.  I’ve got to go.  I’d forgotten I’ve got a meeting this morning with the Coach and I really can’t be late.  I’ll see you later at school, okay?”
“I’ve never seen a more accurate representation of a heart and the jam blood was a nice touch.”
“What about the other guy?”
Assistant Stage Manager –        Philip Anderson
"We haven't got any different machinery here since your last session, even though it was two years ago, John.  Are you au fait with everything or would you like a refresher, maybe for your friend, too?"
“You said that I’ve passed every test you could think of and I can see that you’re itching to get back.”
“We can and do eat; well I certainly still do, though it isn’t a necessity any more.  His Nibs has always been a fussy eater, as I’m sure you’re aware.  At least now it’s more understandable how he managed to stay alive without eating for such long periods of time.”
“Why else?”
“That does appear to be our only option in the circumstances.  Thank you.”
“Hey, don’t do that.  You don’t have to be embarrassed about it.  You won’t believe the state I was in when Sherlock first did it to me.”
“Okay, well, let me know when you know what it is.  I’d better get to my place; I’m on in a minute.  Be careful, Sherlock.”
“Sherlock Holmes being unsure of something, now there’s a first.”
The number of evenings he had been in his chair, surreptitiously watching Sherlock; picturing himself tracing that cupid’s bow with his finger and his tongue; sucking that lower lip between his own and nibbling upon it; running his fingers through that silky, dark hair.
"Are you, I haven't seen you in our common room?"
By Joolz
John caught Sherlock’s smile on seeing his own surprised look.  Had Sherlock really just said he didn’t mind if John lay against him?  Maybe he had been hit on the head harder than he thought.  Or perhaps that drug was having hitherto unforeseen side effects.  Whatever the cause, today was full of surprises and so far, John had to admit to himself, he didn’t object to any of them.
“Am I permitted to speak now?”
“I really think I would eventually.  Even though it was a lot to accept when I first found out, I love Sherlock and that’s what it comes down to.  I would do and have done anything to protect him and I know that he feels the same so I can understand why he couldn't just let me die.  He’s very protective of what’s his. You mean a lot to both of us, Greg.   There are very few people who ever get lucky enough to be in his inner circle and you’re one of them; along with me, Mrs Hudson and Mycroft – though you’d have to drag that truth out of Sherlock kicking and screaming.”
“Of course.”
Sherlock stayed in the hospital for four more days.  He really had been exhausted and severely under-nourished and he spent a lot of the time asleep, gaining back his strength.  Whenever he awoke he always found John by his side, even when the doctor had fallen asleep himself, he would do so with his head on Sherlock’s bed.  John’s hand would be holding his own or resting on Sherlock’s leg, needing to keep the connection between them even in repose.  Sherlock knew exactly how he felt.  He would put his hand on John’s head, his fingers slipping through the sandy hair, reassuring himself that John was there; was safe; that it was finally all over.
“What do you mean?”
Wednesday eventually rolled round, though John would swear the start of the week had seemed to have been twice as long as usual.  He was really keen to get his hands on the script and see what he would have to do.  He and Sherlock made their way to the Drama Studio nice and early and were waiting outside when Greg arrived.
They arrived in the late afternoon after being driven in a very comfortable limousine with a long seat upon which Sherlock could rest his leg to stop him ripping his stitches with constant bending.  John didn’t hold out hopes that he would be able to keep Sherlock still for long but he would certainly make the most of any opportunity which presented itself.
“Hey, are you okay?”  After a pause, he added, “Earth to Sherlock?”
“I wish to be there in readiness.  I don’t want John to get off the train and not have someone there to meet him.”
After about an hour, Sherlock nudged John and pointed out of the window.
“I said to John, after the interval, that something wasn’t right, but I couldn’t think what I’d seen to make me wary.  Then I realised I hadn’t seen anything; it was actually what I’d heard that had been wrong.  More specifically, it was the sound of a live bullet being fired from the gun earlier, as opposed to the usual noise of a blank.  I knew I had to stop them before that next bullet was fired, which was why I dashed on stage with that ridiculous story of a police officer checking the gun.  In the circumstances, I thought that was more important than letting anything worse happen.  Luckily, John knew I’d been worried about something, and he stepped in quickly to cover and help everyone pull it back together, which they all did superbly.”
"Me neither, Sherlock."
“What are we going to do now?  If we ask people if they put pills in to the drinks they’re obviously not going to admit it and then they will know we are on to them and we’ll never find out who it was.”
John swatted Sherlock on the arm and laughed.  “May I?”
“This is a message for John Watson.  Don’t worry you won’t need to be committed, but I had to answer your shout out to the Universe – I would hate to be seen as rude after all.  You did nothing wrong, John; you never have.  I had to do what I did to save you, but I’m sorry it caused you so much sorrow; that was never my intention.  I have always trusted you and believed in your abilities and your loyalty and that has never been in doubt, but this time it wasn’t just my life on the line.  It was you and Lestrade and Mrs Hudson – surely you can understand the harsh necessity that wrought upon my decisions.  I want you to know that you have been a constant companion in my thoughts throughout my absence and your voice has been my conscience and the moral compass to keep me straight.  Even when I was tested and tempted and sorely missing your presence, the wish to not disappoint you kept me strong. You have been brave in admitting your feelings for me and, though I can never hope to match your true courage, I wanted to give you even a small measure of the joy I have received upon hearing your thoughts and confessions.  I love you, John Watson.  I just hope that you will be able to forgive me for what I’ve put you through.  Listening to your despair was almost more than I could bear, but if you have even a modicum of forgiveness in your heart for me I will take it.  Well, I’ll leave it up to you, but I will always live in hope.  Oh, and this is really Sherlock by the way, just in case you thought you were delusional and, whilst I’m not up in the big blue yonder, I am actually up in your bedroom and I still love you.”
“How little you know your worth to me, John.  Do you think I would ever be like this for anyone else?  Let me assure you the answer is no.  I have always taken what I wanted when I wanted it with no problems or distractions.  But with you I didn’t want to just take, I wished for you to desire me for myself.  I let you make the decisions because I wanted you to feel that it was your own choice, which it was.”
“Obvious.”
John burst out laughing and beckoned Sherlock over closer to him.  “Come here, you.”
"That's what always happens when I tell people what I can see about them."
“Are you sure about this?”
Huge thanks also to everyone for reading their way through it all and for all the kudos.
“How do you figure that?”
John smiled and kissed Sherlock again.  He made sure he had gotten every scrap of blood from Sherlock's mouth before moving on to scatter kisses all over his face.  John pushed Sherlock backwards, wanting to be on top to have easier access.  He pushed him a little bit further than he expected with his new found strength, though, and Sherlock crashed against the opposite wall as he hadn't braced himself, not expecting the move.
Sherlock loved pirates and swashbuckling adventure books and he had a wide selection that he and John had been repeatedly reading their way through since these sleepovers had first started.  Treasure Island was a favourite for them both and they each found it very comforting listening to the other read so they took turns to read a few chapters each week before they fell asleep.  John hoped that having some of that read to him would settle Sherlock down a bit after his emotional performance.
“Who wants to stick to traditions?  You need to be shaken out of that rut you seem to have got yourself into.  I’ve just finished a case where escort agencies were being targeted and I had cause to go to several in the area and this place was amazing; you should have seen some of the people they had on their books.  The case is over now so there is no impropriety involved.  I spoke to the manager and he’s matched us up with two dates for the party.”
My John
How ridiculous - where was he likely to go - and who was this Greg?  He watched John joke with the older lady behind the counter and come back with Sherlock's coffee, a cup of tea for himself and also two, hot buttered scones.
Sherlock’s cheeks reddened slightly and he ducked his head to hide it a little.  No-one provided such unconditional admiration as John and it awed Sherlock every time.  It was still not something he was used to accepting as he had experienced far too much of the opposite reaction to his deductions but he couldn’t deny that he enjoyed it greatly.
"Perfect, that's what we shall call him then."
John was in heaven as he felt that warm mouth sliding up and down his shaft.  This was the best blow job he had ever had.  He didn’t think even a real one would be able to compete with his imagination in this regard.  He moaned as it went temporarily deeper then it moved back up and he felt those strong fingers curl around the part not covered by his lips.  The other hand cupped his balls and rolled them around, pulling them down slightly, stretching the skin and rubbing his thumb on the area of skin below.
Sherlock
John was pissed off.  This stupid pandemic was messing with his Christmas reunion plans and he wasn’t happy about it.
Sherlock found it fascinating to watch John’s REM patterns and had even been able to pull him out of a nightmare at one point by stroking his hand across John’s brow and telling him everything was alright and he was safe.  He didn’t know if that was John’s usual PTSD or the new trauma of being kidnapped and tortured; most likely one exacerbating the other.  Sherlock was quite pleased with himself that he’d been able to stop John from suffering through it though so what did that say about his feelings.  Would he have been pleased to stop anyone else from having a nightmare – would he have even bothered trying?  He had to admit that the answer was no.  He wondered how much of their conversation from the previous day John would remember when he awoke.
Mycroft put all the packages and John’s luggage in the boot and Sherlock and John got in the back so they could catch up on everything they had missed – not that there was an awful lot, of course, as nearly every occurrence they had experienced had already been shared through their constant texting.
He trailed his tongue over Sherlock’s lower lip and sucked it into his mouth, biting down gently on the soft skin and pulling it slightly to watch Sherlock’s reaction.  Sherlock’s eyebrows rose and he smiled as John let go, before trying the same move himself.  John did it again and this time when he had Sherlock’s mouth open, he slipped his tongue inside and touched it against Sherlock’s own.  Sherlock gasped, then licked his tongue round the inside of his lips, tasting where John had touched him.
“I am not cute or soppy,” he bit, but that only made John laugh.
“John didn’t think I would be into that sort of thing. So, I told him what I wanted out of a relationship and he told me what he wanted, and we discovered that what we wanted was largely the same thing.”
Despite that however, Sherlock honestly didn't feel it necessary for Jason to break his Lego model, or to squeeze his milk carton over his head. Those (as far as he was concerned) were a bit too mean.
Rolling his eyes yet again (he did that a lot), he stood up and opened the door, slamming it shut behind him. With any luck this new found interest would give her something to do, and he'd be able to slip quietly away and be able to get on with the rest of his day.
Mrs Hudson couldn’t stop smiling, which prompted Sherlock to continue.
“It is,” Sherlock hummed. “And I’m winning.”
It wasn’t until Sherlock woke again at 5am to a completely silent flat did he realised that his assumptions may not have been entirely stupid.
"That seems fine to me," offered Siger, gripping his wife's hand tenderly. Violet nodded in agreement, although neither of them looked at the scribble laid down in front of them.
John frowned, taking a step closer to study the scar. “You were a victim?” He asked, brows furrowed together as his fingertips ghosted the scar. Sherlock was surprisingly warm, and he smelt faintly of burnt tobacco. “Of the Bethlem Beheader?”
Sherlock tuned out, deciding that nothing interesting was going to come out of the conversation now, especially seeing as they'd reached the point where they very badly flirting with one another.
Sherlock smiled slightly.
John shrugged. “I don’t know. You fainted, but I’m not sure whether that was because you were severely injured or because of the good deed –“
Now, Sherlock frowned. Above them, the wind blew harder and the surrounding park became brighter. John blinked at him, and as he shut his eyes to reopen them they became warmer. The currents were changing.
“Well, it’s bleeding, for a start,” John replied, half amused, half concerned. “Quite badly.”
John sighed quietly, looking down at his daughter who was now leaning back against him.!her little pink boots dug into his thigh as she wriggled and tried to turn. John let her, keeping a loose hold as she pivoted.
John stared at Sherlock, and Sherlock frowned at him.
Sherlock smiled. In the cot, Rosie stretched out and yawned.
“I know you’ve always had everyone clean up after you. Mummy and daddy dote on their ickle Sherly the Curly, yeah, I know they used to call you that,” John added, after seeing Sherlock’s mortified face. “And Mycroft follows you around like a fucking shadow, dust pan and brush in hand ready and waiting to clean up your shit and soothe your ego. He thinks he’s in control, but you’ve got him wrapped around your little finger, haven’t you? And how long have I spent running around after you, hm?”
John looked up at him, surprised.
“Come on,” Sherlock said, “lets go back inside.”
Sherlock sighed quietly and slouched in his chair, frowning. Harry had been phoning more and more recently. Between her newest relationship falling into disrepair and her job hanging in the balance, Sherlock could understand her anxiety. But did she really have to phone John every second of the day? She was completely taking the attention away from him.
“But I should’ve known!” John cried out. “I should’ve known! But I didn’t ask!”
Behind him, Harry was getting to her feet again, knees blackened by the wet mud. She watched in horror as the wolf took a step towards John.
“No.”
He was right. During John’s speech, Sherlock’s eyes had darted around in search of something else to look at. Something less painful. In his case, a clump of grass spilling out onto the path caught his attention. The small green spikes hung lazily over one another, bent over in shelter as the wind flattened them. Could he get away with doing that? Maybe if he lay on the ground, face down against the wind John would leave him alone. Accidentally step on him a few times, if he would be willing to let Sherlock have the honour. That could work. Except, he wasn’t a blade of grass keeling over as December rolled in. He was a person. A person who had somehow managed to make possibly the biggest mistake humanly possible; and in doing so had completely destroyed his relationship with John.
Sherlock smiled. He cleared his throat.
Sherlock pulled away a fraction, wrinkles appearing in the corners of his eyes as he beamed.
“Oh, shut up,” he chuckled, the blush turning a dark crimson. “You say it to me often enough.”
“Baker Street,” John told the cab driver, slamming the door. “Sherlock?”
“We’ve been dating for all of about five hours,” John pointed out, smiling despite the situation.
“Well, thank you,” he said, and the wolf climbed up onto the bed again, careful not to place a paw on Sherlock’s severely bruised body.
“I imagine your flat is covered in paint, now,” he said, folding the paper and pocketing it. “You’ve changed your shirt three times today.”
Yet more lightning flashed across the sky and Sherlock skirted around John in a dash towards the chalet. He knew John would follow him, maybe to pulverise him but at least he didn’t run the risk of being struck by lightning.
John had always been disastrously sentimental.
Mentally, Sherlock roundhouse kicked the lone voice as it announced his past mistakes.
Sherlock stared up at the man he’d collided with, and the man grinned down at him. In what little light drifted in from the busier street Sherlock had initially been running along, Sherlock noticed that the man had several golden teeth which stuck out amongst his dazzling white ones.
Sherlock had always taken a keen interest in Rosie. He played with her, even as a baby. He read her bedtime stories. Once, when she was very little and Mary was out for the night with her friends, John listened to Sherlock singing her a soft lullaby.
“John, all you’re doing is looking for a reason to be angry at me and believe me, if it was my intention to piss you off you would have already left. Sorry Rosie.” He looked down at the baby, who was looking out of the window with benign interest.
He knew that something was happened, but he daren’t look. He heard a roar. No, surely not. A car engine. A motorbike. Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut. He was delirious. He ached.
He knew that John had visited him for something along those lines, and he knew that John’s actions were born from a late night session of thinking and staring at the TV. John needed that background noise, Sherlock knew.
John smiled and shook his head. “It suits you.”
“About the fact that you said...?”
John lobbed the scrunched notebook cover as hard as it could, but it drifted to the floor at the base of the bookshelf.
John looked down at Sherlock.
Sherlock stretched, his bare toes curling against the rug beneath the coffee table. He looked over at John.
Sherlock smiled slightly.
“That wasn’t a real relationship,” John chuckled. The gingernuts crunched as he sat down. “You were only with her to get to Magnussen.”
He knew they weren’t suited to one another, and he knew that the man would drive him insane if they spent anymore than two hours in one another’s company. A few hours alone in a desperately dower motel was one thing, but Sherlock knew that if they were to spend the night together he would definitely regret it. Because before it actually happened he was free to imagine it. He was allowed to mould scenarios of what his life would be like with Mr Used-Car Salesman, closeted bisexual with three children.
"Let me go-"
Sherlock sighed heavily.
John genuinely thought he might burst. The few weeks since he and Sherlock had gone to the zoo were some of the happiest of his life.
"Why do you want to know?
He didn't hear what was said, but a few moments later the woman was striding past, head held high and heels clicking as she walked. Sherlock watched her pass, keeping a look out for the boy until-
“Ouch! What was that for?” John huffed, glaring up at Sherlock.
John puffed his chest.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I caught her. Well,” Sherlock tilted his head to the side and scrunched up his face, working through the technicalities. “I semi-caught her. Well, I caught her in the act but then she caught me and really it was quite a ridiculous situation.” When Sherlock realised that John was beginning to look more incredulous with each second, he sighed. “I knew who she was and I confronted her. I realised that each of her victims had connections to the armed forces.”
“I thought you and Rosie could come back to Baker Street with me,” he said, and he felt the tips of his ears burn. He was glad, for the first time, of the mass of dark curls covering his head. It shielded his tell-tale ears from John’s view. “Baker Street is too quiet. I don’t like it.”
“John, I understand a lot more than you give me credit for. We’ve known one another for ten years and yet you’re always amazed at how much I know,” Sherlock told him, slightly exasperated but he endeavoured to keep his voice calm.
John hadn’t deigned to write a title but there was room for one. Sherlock began coughing again, and as he hacked into his elbow he shuffled under the duvet, craving warmth and comfort. His chest rattled and he squeezed his eyes shut as he fought to get his breath back.
But where was John?
Then there was the initial punch for Sherlock to study. The aching in his jaw had disappeared, but he knew there was a red mark there all the same. Why had he even punched him in the first place? Clearly it was to show that he meant to harm Sherlock, but he didn't want to, so why did he do it? Something wasn't adding up.
“No… Mycroft has it.”
“Harry,” he whispered. “Harry.” He tapped her cheek.
She felt liberated, and it was all because of the figure in front of her.
However, John didn’t follow him. He made no move to stop him, either. He hung his head, and as Sherlock halted, the stones beneath his feet grinding against one another as sandhoppers darted about around his feet, John began laughing.
He continued walking. Taking wide but slow steps as he went, aimlessly searching around for something to do. It didn't take long for his translated wishes to come true however, as  reached the reception which was teeming with people, when a shout erupted into the air.
The question knocked John backwards. He gawped.
Mike looked between them, blinking stupidly.
His index finger dipped into the crook of the letters, carved into the metal and filled in a rich black acrylic. He didn't need to look at it to know what it said. It had said the same thing for the past 11 years:
“Will Pops be joining us?” Rosie asked, squinting towards the foot of the garden, an area which was shielded by more apple trees.
“I know,” Sherlock replied. He took out his phone, both to send a text and to obscure his face.
“What’s wrong with my head?” The man asked, not looking up from his elbow.
“Yes, a rule. He’s still a bit tender, but we decided that we would test the waters.”
“We can always do this another day.”
"Let me through!" He yelled, and the crowds parted as he carried John's 'limp' form through.
The wolf huffed and began nuzzling the bottom portion of the duvet. Sherlock tensed.
Thank you! :)
“Anything that can be said to me can be said to Paps, Rosie,” John said carefully, not wanting to dampen the mood but also wanting it to be known that he didn’t approve of talking about his husband behind his back.
“Hi, Dad.” Rosie grinned as she hugged John, and John was only too happy to have his hug impeded by a large, swollen bump.
The wolf then turned to Sherlock and licked his face. Sherlock chuckled.
Mike grinned, looking between them both.
John bowed his head, weighed down with shame.
“She’s cheered up now,” Molly explained, tugging the baby carrier off herself. She sighed once she was free. “And she doesn’t have a temperature anymore, either. Hi, Sherlock.”
John straightened his jacket and ran a hand through his hair, steeling himself for the scariest night of his life.
He was lost.
Battery-farmed students shivered inside, trying to fix their broken heater.
John knew the cuts were superficial.
In all John’s life, she'd never seen such a picturesque and summery scene. Even when she was a child and everything was exaggerated to its absolute best, she couldn't recall seeing a sight she adored as much as this one.
“You won’t enjoy it,” she said airily. “At least I choose books we’ll both enjoy.”
It was a freezing night. Frost was settling on the cars as puddles turned to ice and the mercury in the thermometer dipped below zero, but Sherlock had never felt warmer.
"Urm...." She began, taking off her bag and throwing it into the river bank to join the cider. Sherlock watched her eagerly. "Rocks are eroded as they're taken downstream?" She guessed, and Sherlock nodded slowly. John bristled slightly, pleased she'd managed to get something right. "But this rock is not as rounded as the others, meaning that it doesn't belong to this section of the river? So someone's moved it? I don't know, Sherlock, I do Biology, English and History, you know I don't do Geography. I haven't done it since GCSE..."
, Sherlock informed himself.
Mrs Hudson took a tentative step onto the bottom step, eyes narrow.
"You don't have to have a hug of you don't want it," John says quickly, suddenly realising that he may have overstepped a boundary and shuffling away, before he was pulled into an enormous teddybear hug by Sherlock, and Sherlock buried his face into John's neck.
At Sherlock’s nonexistent response, John took another step forward. Sherlock immediately looked away and blinked at the puddle, head low as John drew closer.
Mrs Merriweather placed the workbook on the table, with the almost ineligible handwriting facing the two confused parents sitting opposite.
“What are you doing here?”
“And I suppose it was you who lay on top of me and attacked those men?” Sherlock asked.
He’d only been chasing one man. And John was supposed to be right behind him.
His eyes still wouldn’t open.
“No, I mean, it’s not mine,” he said, handing it over to John.
John wasn’t sure whether he’d simply fallen over, or whether he’d been mugged. He’d found the man sat on a park bench in Russell Square.
“Bridget Jones’s Diary?” John laughed. He took Rosie back off Mrs Hudson and sat down on the sofa at the far end of the room. He balanced Rosie on his knee, bouncing her gently. “Did you enjoy it?”
I’ve written some prompts based on some songs, but please feel free to suggest something yourself. I’ll aim for each fic to be at least 1,000 words, the maximum being 5,000. Each fic will vary in length but I can’t make any promises on how long each individual fic will be.
John’s eyes narrowed a fraction, and he released Sherlock’s elbow with such aggression that made Sherlock wish he’d just held on.
John nodded.
Once again, though, I am currently taking fic requests :) if you have a fic suggestion, please feel free to leave a comment and I’ll do my best to get it done.
“Hm.” John nodded. “You’ve gone off-topic. Intentionally.”
He leaned backwards, the top of his temple brushing against the underside of particularly high shelf. Maybe Jim was always a bit rude; he was a ‘boss’, after all. Did anyone really like their boss?
“She is facing redundancy, John,” Sherlock mumbled, not sitting up from his slouching position. “She has every right to be a little tense.”
“Can we just skip to the part where we’re happily married and our only argument is who has to turn off the landing light?”
His mother rushed over then, pushing him into sitting and rubbing his back. Next to him, his father rolled over, blinking, coughing, and propping himself onto his elbow. While both his parents fussed over him however, rubbing the soot off of his face and out of his hair, Mrs Merriweather still managed to keep up her fierceness.
"Yeah..." As the Irish-accented man replied, and Sherlock made a quick beeline over to the source, stopping in the next aisle to them as he listened in; his back pressed against various anthologies.
John’s eyes widened.
“About ten minutes ago,” John piped in. He could feel the tips of his ears burning. “We bumped into each other in Russell Square.”
Stay safe! :) x
“Deduce me. Tell me how you knew I wasn’t actually going to the zoo, seeing as you’re so desperate to show off. Tell me how you know I was lying.”
He hadn’t suspected that when he deigned to look up at the man, that colour would suddenly rupture his thoughts and render him temporarily blinded by the brightness of the world.
Carefully, and oh so cautiously, he said:
A small blush crept into Sherlock’s pale cheeks and John smiled.
Mrs Hudson followed him through, still slightly hesitant.
He would piss Sherlock off and then cry victim when Sherlock lashed out. He’d done it numerous times. When Sherlock tried to help and it backfired, John would claim that everything was always Sherlock’s fault.
“Oh.”
John hadn’t enjoyed Molly’s comparison, and suddenly John felt that he was being unjustly questioned – that Molly and Sherlock were leading up to something, or implying something, that he either hadn’t picked up on or he was deliberately being kept from knowing.
He remembered Sherlock lying there, on the cold morgue floor, bleeding and bruised and blaming himself for it.
Hi! Thanks for reading this far :)
They reached the local corner shop. A squashed little place with cardboard boxes spilling out from under the shelves, the shop was a gem in the middle of London’s dominant gentrification.
'Harth Heir Discovered! First in 120 Years!'
And John had waited. He’d waited for years. Two tours of Afghanistan and a bullet to the shoulder later, John had managed to reach the age of 36 without ever meeting his soulmate. Everything was still grey, but John was well-accustomed to identifying blood without colour now.
Just some normality would have been appreciated.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, veering right into an alleyway between the gym and the student union and marching through it. It was barely wide enough for two people to walk side-by-side, and Sherlock took the lead to make it easier.
A second roar sounded and Sherlock couldn’t think of an explanation. That was a definite roar.
He couldn’t show any weakness. Not now. Not during an ambush.
Hi! This chapter contains references to cheating and blowjobs. Just a head’s up :)
Sherlock blinked, removing his own hands from his pockets and folding them across his chest instead. John lifted his head to face him properly. This wasn’t how he’d expected it to go. The way John was glaring at him not five minutes beforehand, sherlock was fully expecting to return to an empty flat.
Her 'discovery' of Sherlock's Ability had meant that she'd become his own personal Mutation teacher, resigning from her position at the school to try and hone Sherlock's Ability herself. Because: "talent like this doesn't deserve to be mingled with the normal rabble," as she so often put it. Although if the 'rabble' consisted of 100 Jason's and Isabelle's, then Sherlock would rather have that any day.
“I love you,” John whispered into Sherlock’s curls.
That explained why he was so grumpy lately. If he was managing three(ish) jobs, then that was a good enough excuse for being snappy and short-tempered. The more Sherlock pushed him, the more infuriated he became. Of course he’d stormed off earlier, after such a little argument too. Sherlock was almost crying.
“Yes, that’s because I have caught this wretched virus,” Sherlock snarled. “And I’ll infect you too if you don’t back off now.”
They stood a few feet apart from one another, now, but it felt like the world was between them. John felt that he could almost see the curvature of the Earth for how distant Sherlock appeared and how remote they both were. It was as though suddenly all of London and the UK had vanished. There were no cars, no discernible noise which could bring John out of that moment.
“You have to stay still,” she whispered, “perfectly still. If you move it will see you.”
“I think this’ll be the one, Mrs Hudson.”
John paused.
IA: You’re just stubborn x
Full disclosure I wrote this instead of doing an online lecture so yano.
Sherlock frowned. The only sound in the flat came from John’s relentless chomping on the prawn crackers. With London essentially on lockdown, the streets were almost deserted. Where there was usually a quiet hum of activity wafting in from Baker Street’s traffic and pedestrians, today there was silence. It was eerie.
John laughed.
“That’s not…” John started, then trailed off. He shook his head. “That’d be nice.”
The cottage itself comprised of a cosy kitchen, a lounge, two bathrooms (one en-suite), a dining room, a second lounge, and four bedrooms.
He jumped as the door pushed open, and Mrs Merriweather narrowed her eyes as she surveyed him. Sherlock merely stated at her, devoid of emotion but rubbing his index finger and thumb together.
John shrugged; taking the book out of the other's hands and reading the blurb, then flipping it back over to view the front cover. The frown likes etched across his face didn't dissipate.
Except locking him in a laboratory and convincing him he was about to be eaten by a giant dog.
Over the last few years, John had found himself grunting as he stood up and sat down. As he, Molly, and Sherlock had sat down at a bustling Italian restaurant the previous day, he had complained that the music was too loud and that he could barely hear what anyone was saying.
John wondered briefly what Sherlock dreamt about now, wrapped up in the warmth. He wanted to crawl under the duvet and hold him close. Apologise. Promise him that he would never be cold again and let his own body heat keep Sherlock warm. Show him that he did care. Prove it to him.
“Pops.”
The silence was a concrete wall between them. John longed for it to be knocked down; longed to say something meaningful to him, but it wouldn't be received. As soon as a crack began to show, Sherlock would hurriedly plaster back over it, quickly covering it up and never mentioning it again. It made John want to buy a bulldozer.
Once he was successfully concealed behind on the doors, Sherlock immediately began playing with the walkie-talkie. The two men meanwhile went back to glaring at the opposite wall, occasionally offering the other small talk.
Sherlock chuckled at the last one. He closed the notebook and put it back on the bedside table. Through the closed door, he could just make out the murmurings of John as he talked to his patients. That warm, grumpy, impossibly helpful but also impossibly done voice.
“I didn’t want to tell you!” Sherlock yelled. Neither of them gave a second-thought to the slightly startled cab driver in the front. “I didn’t want you to know! Because then you’d feel sorry for me, and I’d be weak, and I couldn’t be who you needed me to be. The moment you found out you lowered your opinion of me. You felt sorry for me. You pitied me. You were careful not to raise your voice and you stopped watching those films with torture. You started tiptoeing around me like I’m some delicate china about to break. Like I’m some damaged thing. I’m not, John. Moriarty and Moriarty’s network didn’t change me. They didn’t change who I am. Yes I have nightmares and yes I should probably see a therapist but that shouldn’t lessen your opinion of me!
Rosie smiled and fell back to sleep. Sherlock opened one eye and looked up at John.
“You really need to get that cut checked,” he said. “Please. I know what I’m talking about, I’m a doctor.”
Within less than a second of John finishing his sentence, he knew he’d said the wrong thing.
Comment your requests if you have any! :)
Sherlock sighed.
“Ah, Mike,” John heard Sherlock from the front door. “You’re late. Late night, was it?”
John fought hard not to roll his eyes. He closed them instead, his fists balling at his side.
Mike chuckled as he turned away. Sherlock frowned, watching his retreating back.
“Alright,” Sergeant Rose sighed, raising his hands in surrender. “Just arrest me. It’s bloody cold out ‘ere.”
“They’ve told all cafes and pubs to close from tonight. Fancy getting a takeaway?”
Harry made to grab him, to pull him back, but John was free and was facing an enormous black wolf. It sat several metres away from them, it’s tail gently thumping the floor. It’s ears were down, and in it’s mouth it held John’s beloved teddy.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and John grinned.
Frowning, Sherlock put the badge back on and sat down opposite her, not being able to contain his glare while she fumbled around with forms.
She had seen it in the faces of the drug addicts who had turned up at her Florida flat out of desperation for the substance to which they clung.
“Sherlock,” John sighed after a few moments pause. “Why can’t we just be honest with one another?”
Mary had chosen the house John and Rosie lived in while they were still together, and it was quite a nice house indeed. A terraced house in Wimbledon, the area boasted brilliant parks, great entertainment, local shopping, and fantastic transport links. It was the perfect place to raise a child in London.
“Yeah?”
“That’s what you want?”
John laughed.
He had long come to the conclusion that he would never meet his soulmate.
"You shit!" John yelled, grinning as she wiped away her now streaming mascara. Sherlock merely chuckled, still squatting in the stream and beaming toothily at John. John glared at her, but was unable to keep herself from giggling. "You're a complete and utter cock, you know that, don't you?" She chastised, before launching herself at Sherlock.
“I thought I could play it off,” he mumbled. “But I suppose not. God. Now I owe Mycroft £5.”
But then, if John had have gone with him, he would never have met Mary. And if he had have gone with him, he might hate him a little less now.
Sherlock made a feeble attempt to open his eyes, but they seemed welded shut and as Sherlock tried to push himself onto all fours, something large and heavy fell upon his back and pushed him back down to the bed.
“Just when I think you’re being polite.”
“What are you?” He asked. “Some kind of a detective?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. He stepped outside and closed the door behind him.
The fight clubs he attended were ideal for him  however, because they meant that he didn't have to use his Ability, which was possibly the only rule going.
Rosie was fast asleep, strapped to John’s chest.
“I was on holiday in Scotland…”
WASH YOUR HANDS
His admission shut the voice up, but his stomach knotted painfully. John would have gone with him without hesitation. John would have left London in a heartbeat for the chance at more action, for the most hands-on case Sherlock had ever experienced.
“No you don’t,” Sherlock puffed out a short laugh, stunning even himself. He hadn’t meant to say that. Definitely thought it, but most desperately didn’t want to say it. John leaned back slightly, eyebrows knitting together and jaw clenching. Sherlock decided to take it.
“Thank you,” he said, reaching out to pat the wolf’s head.
“What’s wrong with you?” John’s voice sounded again, but Sherlock didn’t reply, blinking at the collection of haggard green blades instead. “Sherlock? I want to help you, honestly, I do-”
“Book club?” John chuckled, pulling Rosie out of the baby carrier and handing her to Mrs Hudson. “Which book?”
“Come on,” he whispered to Rosie, kissing her temple before starting up the stairs.
“Sherlock, this has to be-“
“Just you wait.”
And it didn’t take a detective to work out who John’s imaginary audience was.
Rosie yawned.
“Sherlock, love,” she called, paddling over to her taller girlfriend.
Of course his mum and dad had worked it out, and Mycroft had simply sneered it at him as he passed by on his hunt for a glass of milk once they'd returned home. Although Sherlock did point out that Mycroft was a telepath, and therefore his coming to the conclusion wasn't as impressive as his own.
“I read them to relax.”
He’d had no idea John was struggling.
“No, I didn’t make it with Rosie,” she said, “it was on John’s fridge. It’s alright that I gave it to him, isn’t it?” She asked quickly, turning to John. “I presumed it was meant for him but you kept forgetting it.”
“I’m sure,” he said. “And I’m very excited to be courted by John Watson.”
Jason was another one who Sherlock would rather avoid. Apparently, not having an Ability meant that Sherlock was somehow inferior, something that Jason seemed to take as gospel. Admittedly, Sherlock didn't help himself. Pointing out that he was cleverer than his bully never went down well, even more so when he took it one step further by proving it and yelling to the class that Jason still wet the bed, and believed in Santa. Mrs Merriweather had had to send him out while she calmed down the very distressed class.
John huffed.
John’s stomach lurched.
“That’s my jumper,” John said flatly as Sherlock poured the champagne.
. He realised that his current case (a standard 6) had found its something when he rounded the corner of an alleyway in Aldgate and collided head first with seven rather large, (and Sherlock couldn’t pretend otherwise), scary looking men.
11.	“I was good on my own until you came along, waited for me to fall. Now you're gone, baby, gone.” Don’t Say You Do, Lola Blanc
"Follow me," he muttered, quickly making his way over to the door and pushing it open. John followed closely behind, and once he was through Sherlock shut the door.
, he thought to himself,
Sherlock’s survival, for instance. Mary’s background. Mary’s continuation of that background. Mary shooting Sherlock. Mary’s willingness to let John mourn all over again. Her attempt to let John mourn all over again. He’d come to terms with her death now, but if she were to waltz in through the front door and begin demanding custody of Rosie he wouldn’t be anywhere near as surprised as any sane person ought to be.
- indigospacehopper x
With a painful twang of guilt he remembered splitting his knuckles on Sherlock’s cheek, pushing him against the wall. Throwing him down. Kicking him, over and over.
The Thames churned beneath the cracking and crumbling Hammersmith Bridge, which disgruntled morning commuters marched across in drones towards the nearby Underground station, annoyed that they were forced to work in the time between Christmas and New Year’s.
Thank you x
Sherlock nodded, and they continued to John’s stuffy flat together, clutching each other’s hands and their coffee for warmth; both uncertain about what the future would bring, but resolute that as long as the other was a participant of that future, they would be perfectly happy.
DON’T PANIC BUY
“Oh, well,” he began, but Sherlock cut him off.
Stationed in the middle of the army of shelving stood a large sphere. Blotched and mottled brown owing to the varnish; it lay entrapped in a brass ring that kept people away. It was the centre piece of the magnificent library. A large sphere that couldn’t be touched. It was essentially a mindless, strangely nostalgic object that Sherlock desperately wanted to run his hands over. Because he couldn’t touch it, it made him want to even more.
“True,” Sherlock hummed. “But still. Hard work.”
“Yeah. The problem is, Sherlock,” John step, taking a step towards Sherlock. Dry seaweed and shingle cracked under his feet. “That you’re constantly in my way. Earlier, when I was washing up, you were practically standing on my feet. You’re clingy. You’re so, so needy, and you expect the world to be handed to you on a silver fucking platter.”
“Were? I still am.”
John chuckled.
John raised an eyebrow.
"You really don't."
“You don’t have any pressing engagements,” John said, folding his arms across his chest. “You were sitting alone, in this park, bleeding from about ten different places. I mean, you still are bleeding, but as your soulmate I have to insist that you don’t have any pressing engagements anymore. What you need to do, however, is either go to the hospital or allow me to attend to your injuries.”
Just like her Dad, Rosie’s brows furrowed at the sudden confusion caused by being hoisted into the air, but she smiled when she recognised the man holding her and made an indistinct grab at his nose.
In the months after Sherlock’s ‘death’ John had allowed himself to believe that this was Sherlock discussing his proficiency in researching people. What Kitty Riley had written down and what hundreds of other reporters had regurgitated. It was a magic trick, Sherlock’s deductive techniques. It wasn’t real.
19.	“I like your messy hair, I like the clothes you wear. I like the way you sing, and when you dance with me. I don't know why I love you, I just know I can't stop thinking of you. It's 'cause you make me smile. You always make me smile.” You Make Me Smile, Kyle Andrews
“Like rabbits,” he repeated, cocking an eyebrow and smirking. “And I told you she wouldn’t believe the woodworm story.”
Everyone was too focused on Sergeant Rose to pay any attention to John holding Sherlock’s hand.
"That's because you ran off. I wasn't shouting at you because of the two bodies, Sherlock. I was shouting at you because one of them could have been yours."
As she turned, however, the air of the forest was suddenly split in two by a blood-curdling scream.
White horses crashed over the pebbles and ran towards John’s bare toes. They halted, then retreated back into the murky depths from which they’d arisen. The wind picked up and with it more waves charged at the shoreline. Above them, thunder rolled across the dark sky, the cheering spectator of battle.
"That's not the point," John sighed. "You mean a lot to her, Sherlock. And your constantly putting yourself in danger worries her. If anything happened to her, most of her money would go to you. In fact, I think everything of hers would go to you. That's why she worries," John cautiously wrapped his arm around Sherlock's back, squeezing his opposite arm gently, all while horribly aware of how many boundaries he was breaching. "She cares about you."
John shook his head.
“I’ll support her in whatever she chooses to do with her life, and if she finds out that she loves science then I’ll support her.”
“John?” He whispered.
“Urm, yeah… Chinese okay?”
He could feel his blood boiling.
“Is it nice?” Sherlock had asked at lunch, in between mouthfuls of Pici Cacio e Pepe. “Suburbia, I mean? I’ve never asked you too much about your home. Mary owned the house, didn’t she? She bought it before you were married.”
For the longest time John felt that he was walking on egg shells.
“Yes, it is. Why’s that funny?”
“How on earth do you remember that?” He asked, bewildered.
SH: I’m not that stubborn.
“But I can hear him coughing, John,” she had said the previous evening. “I need to make sure he’s looking after himself. I’ll make him some biscuits!”
"That's not important. Break." Sherlock responded, having a bit too much fun as he watched the scene unfold. "But what I have to say is crucial to your walking out of this building, so I suggest you listen. Over."
"Bear 1, come in. Over."
6.	“No more lights in the skyline. No more plans in the pipeline. Only you make me feel right; it’s where I wanna be. Long days, we're together and these nights last forever. Could it ever get better?” sad songs, kwassa
“Not about that. About something else.”
Sherlock would surely run, or act like he’d never read it. John couldn’t decide which was worse, losing Sherlock forever, again, or have Sherlock know and know that it wasn’t reciprocated.
Sherlock rushed out of the room and John chuckled quietly, looking around.
To Sherlock, they were the sign of something more sinister.
Sherlock groaned and fell forwards. He remained upright only because of the two men holding him in place. Todd’s fist collided with Sherlock’s jaw.
John scooped her up in his arms.
The flat had been cleaned by Mycroft’s team. There was no dust, no dirty dishes (although that was thanks to Mrs Hudson, rather than Mycroft’s team), and there were absolutely zero hazards of any sort. Even the knife, which Sherlock used to stab letters onto the mantel piece, had been removed.
With his eyes still closed he reached over for the notepad. In John’s room, under John’s duvet, all he could smell was John. He let it consume him, too exhausted and too ill question why he found comfort in that. All he knew was that, as he settled into the mattress, he felt more at ease in himself than he had done for a long time. Sherlock needed sleep, and yet he found himself turning the cover of the notepad. He pushed himself up into a sitting position. Stifling a yawn, he peered at the first page.
He closed the front door with his foot.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Sherlock decided he didn’t like that look.
Sherlock’s eyes widened. “You’ve never been selfish. Shut up.”
“I didn’t get you anything,” he said, setting Sherlock’s tea down in front of him. “Sorry.”
When Sherlock became ill, John found that he was house-bound for 14 days. However, his GP was one of the rare few in London which enabled Skype appointments. They had given him the option of continuing to work while in self-isolation, and he had leaped at the chance. He could look after Sherlock and work at the same time.
John wouldn’t go on any cases with him for a while. John wouldn’t let Sherlock go on any cases for a while. They both pretended it was Mycroft stopping them from rushing off whenever Lestrade summoned them. Mycroft as Sherlock’s brother, and John as Sherlock’s disapproving doctor, had unanimously decided that Sherlock needed to rest. After all, he had: “quite literally been to hell and back and you haven’t really looked after yourself in that time. Don’t give me that look, Sherlock. You weren’t pretended to be off your tits, were you? You were also beaten up pretty badly - how’re John’s knuckles, by the way? I hope John’s apologised to you. And you were nearly the victim of serial killer. Again.” Was Lestrade’s verbal reasoning when Sherlock had informed him of the decisions that had been made for him.
“I wasn’t in the country.”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes.
“That’s him,” Sherlock replied. “Come on.”
The man nodded. He didn’t let go of John’s arms.
Sherlock’s flat was small tightly packed. He shared the space with five other blokes. One was a university student, two worked on Fleet Street, and another was interning at the British Museum. The fifth was a sex worker but Sherlock wasn’t supposed to know that, so he saw no need in relaying the information onto John. After all, he’d only picked up on it by identifying the consistently changing cologne lingering around them. Detective though he was, Sherlock didn’t consider himself a snitch.
“John –“
Sherlock leaned into him and rolled backwards, John falling with him as Sherlock’s head came to rest on the window and John pushed him against it.
The second time was before Sherlock jumped. John couldn’t be sure that it was genuine, seeing as Sherlock wasn’t actually about to die, but John felt that the conversation was true. He’d replayed that conversation so many times in his mind, analysed every inch of it.
Sherlock shook his head.
The Irish man shook his head.
The staff hadn’t said a word when the wife had walked in to find a very flustered husband sitting at his desk, barely buckling his belt in time while Sherlock hid in the supply closet with a mouthful of cum.
John frowned slightly, looking between his daughter and son-in-law. They shared an excited smile with one another, Rosie’s hand in Tord’s and resting on the table.
It was only then that John realised that it wasn’t a crime scene at all. Lestrade had been vague because Sherlock would know what was going on. Lestrade had been vague because he thought John would know what was going on. He thought Sherlock would have told him.
“Why can’t you two just get along?” She mumbled, closing her copy of Death on the Nile on the first page, bookmark nestled securely in place.
“No, I realised when you were in the hospital that you don’t really go out dating much any more.  Have I spoiled things for you?”  Sherlock looked a bit ashamed so John was quick to reassure him.
“Yes, John.”
“That’s what I said!”
“Lead on, MacDuff.”
The boy sitting at the end of the row was watching both of the other boys in the scene and making notes whenever Greg gave them directions.  He hadn’t really spoken in any of the sessions so far and Sherlock assumed he must be the understudy for all the male characters; Martin or Mark or something like that – no; Marcus, that was right.  He obviously had the most to learn and the least to do, but he seemed quite intent on his own work and didn't appear to have any problems with any of the other actors; or if he did he was too busy to pay it any mind.
He wanted to find John right that minute and put him straight.  Tell him it wasn’t his fault.  Stop that tone from hanging in his voice, but he knew he couldn’t.  He also knew logically that it would eventually get better as evidenced by John’s most recent messages, but he realised that listening to these early messages was going to be a lot harder than he had thought.
“I know we never had a chance to have the talk but I did say that I couldn’t live without you, John, and I meant it.  I’m sorry I took your choice away from you but you were actually dying in front of my eyes.  If I hadn’t turned you, you wouldn’t be here now.  Surely even a change of nature like this is better than death?"
"Your wish is my command."
John felt tired all of a sudden and decided to just go to bed; he wasn’t hungry now anyway.  He didn’t want to go up to his own room because he wanted to still surround himself with Sherlock as he usually did in the living room, so he decided he would use Sherlock’s bedroom instead.  It wasn’t as if the man could complain about it; not that he would probably be bothered anyway.  He had offered John his bed on the odd occasion before when they had arrived home knackered and John didn’t think he could make it up one more step.  John had never actually taken him up on that offer but decided that now was the perfect time.
"Thank you, John.  It's the best gift I've ever received."
I won’t just give up and move on as they are telling me to do, though.  I won’t consider you dead.  I’ll never do that until someone can prove it to me.  I know that you are out there somewhere and I will wait for you.  I will always wait for you.
"Oh, that was brilliant, guys.  If we can do it the justice that potential shows then we'll have an amazing show on our hands.  Ok let's have a fifteen minute break, if anyone wants to stretch their legs or pop out, and then we'll go through it again and consider all the technical elements."
“You’ll find it easier to drink your tea without your mouth gaping open, John.”
The first game they played was human rock, paper and scissors.  There were nineteen of them so they split into six teams of three people each with Greg standing aside and being the caller.  The teams split up so that there were three separate games running, each with two teams facing each other.  The teams had to decide between them which shape they were going to perform and then when Greg shouted 1, 2, 3, Go, they all had to jump into that shape and see who won; first to get 10 points won the game.
“We’ll just use the one room for the whole performance so we’ll only need one set of backdrops painted.   We’ve got some doors we can use for exiting the scene and we’ll have part of the stage as a lounge area for the guests to congregate.  That’s where the radio will be, and there’ll be a hall area where we’ll have the phone and where the front door will be for when everyone arrives.  Olivia and Julian, if you could maybe get together and draw me up some designs of how we could have it all set up, then we could get started on constructing the stage.”
Sherlock smirked at him and John poked him in the side and smiled back.  He stood up and reached a hand out to Sherlock.
John sucked Sherlock’s bottom lip into his mouth and bit it gently; Sherlock groaned and did the same back.  His canines had slightly lowered and, as he bit down, one broke the surface.  A bead of blood welled up on John’s lip and Sherlock slid his tongue across the droplet to have his first taste.  He moaned deep in his throat and drew John’s lip into his mouth and sucked down hard on it, trying to get as much blood from the small puncture as he could.  John shivered, enjoying the pressure Sherlock was using on his lip and he ran his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, pulling lightly on the ends.
“This is ridiculous.  He’s never going to talk like this.  We need to try something else.  What about that stuff Tony was telling us about; the drug they were testing at his lab?”
“See the difference?”
Sherlock’s lip twitched, awkwardly shy, but endearingly sweet in John’s eyes.  Sherlock bent forward and stroked his finger down John’s cheek and across his bottom lip.  John’s tongue slipped out and touched the tip and Sherlock gasped.  He leaned forward and captured John’s lips with his own; finally getting to taste what he had wanted all these years.  They only split apart when a slight groan from John sounded more like pain than pleasure.  The angle he was leaning over towards Sherlock was pulling on his stitches and, loath as he was to stop, he needed to move to somewhere more comfortable.
“How about that one, it looks reasonably flat and we may be able to utilise that shelter?”
“Exactly.  Then I thought about Sherlock and how he is and what he does and somehow it just made sense.  I have to say the fact that I was already sleeping with him was a big help because he had opened up to me a lot more than he does to most people.  Plus the way he described the bite; it just made me really want to try it.”
3rd February
“I know.  I was terrible.  I’m really sorry.  I think I was over-reacting because of the way my Dad was when he found about Harry.  You know how mad he was.  He kicked her out of the house and hasn’t spoken to her since, though I know Mum has been in contact with her.  I just panicked when I realised what had happened and was pushing so hard against being thought of as gay in case he did the same to me.”
“What’s the matter?”
John smiled; it was nice to know he was missed, even if it was only to alleviate Sherlock’s boredom levels.
Sherlock.
John looked at him exasperatedly but, before he could launch into a tirade about inappropriate timing, Sherlock grinned and held his hands up.
When John had arrived home he'd changed straight away for bed but, disappointingly, he had ventured there alone.  Despite Sherlock’s earlier assertions of being bored, he had obviously started doing an experiment in John’s absence and was now ‘far too involved to even consider going to bed, John’.
"I was just copying my Grandad.  That's how he always stands when he meets someone, and he's unfailingly polite and courteous, but precise and no-nonsense at the same time.  He's kind of my hero really."
"Well, that's another one in the bag.  I think Mycroft might owe me a knighthood for this one."
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at John.  “Now, you see where I get it from”, John laughed.
“Relax, Mycroft.  It’s nothing I haven’t done before and you have enough people covering my back so it’ll be fine.”
Sherlock wanted a proper taste so on the next lick up John’s shaft he paused at the top and took the head into his mouth.  His teeth caught against the ridge and John grabbed him almost painfully and jerked back.
Sherlock snorted.  “She was impressed with you not me, John; for taming the beast, as it were.”
“It was only three continents, thank you very much, and only one person each from two of those.  You make it sound like I’ve slept my way around the world.”  John paused for a moment, assessing the slightly uncertain look which flashed across Sherlock’s face.  “There really weren’t that many, you know.  Does it bother you that I’ve slept with a few people?”
“Thanks for that, Mycroft.  I’ll see you later.”
“There are some large flats, already painted, which are fitted out for an indoor room, so we should just be able to add some little touches to adapt those for what we want; and we can paint in a snow covered scene to show behind the windows.  We’ve got four door panels already, so we’ll just paint one of them to look like a front door and that’ll be enough.”
“That will be a bit of a shock to him then when you turn up on his doorstep,” Martin laughed.
“I…  I don’t know what to say.  No-one has ever written me a song before.”
“Whatever you want the answer is yes.”
“Sorry, Sherlock, I’ve got to go now.  They’re calling us to get ready for dinner so I’ll have to get changed out of my school uniform.”
They moved down to the other end of the passage and as they got nearer they could hear some dull thuds.   Then John heard the most wonderful sound in the world; a sound he had thought lost to him forever.  He heard the deep, dulcet tones of Sherlock’s voice.  It was strained and he was gasping and pausing between words as if he couldn’t catch his breath but he was there and he was clearly alive.
The boy seemed to preen at the continued praise, as if it was unfamiliar to him; and maybe it was if the usual reaction he received was to have people telling him to piss off.
By Joolz
“You know there is something we haven’t done yet, which we could try now to finish off our time here.”
“As have I.”
"I'm so glad you agreed to do that, Sherlock, you sounded amazing."
John was silent for a moment.  Had Sherlock just admitted that he cared about John?  He supposed he could understand it; they had been together for more than half of Sherlock’s life, after all, and he certainly cared about Sherlock; he just hadn’t known that Sherlock felt the same way.  He was quite touched.  Very touched, in fact.  Almost choked, when it came down it.  He tried to swallow around the lump in his throat.
Greg shouted in pleasure and as John massaged the tip with his throat muscles, Greg grabbed John’s hair and tried to pull him back, knowing he was too close.  John wouldn’t let go, however, he just pulled back slightly and sucked hard on the head and the next moment he was swallowing everything as Greg released in his mouth.
John was a bit choked at Sherlock’s words.  He knew the man loved him, as he did too; but to hear him admit it so openly in front of Greg really brought home to him the depth of Sherlock’s feelings and acceptance and made him love him just that little bit more.
They paused when they heard the suction noise of the door opening and nonchalantly tried to look as innocent as possible as they pretended to watch the movie.  When the new arrivals had taken their seats, thankfully quite near the front, John felt Sherlock's fingers sliding up his shaft.  It seemed Sherlock was a fast learner and was eager to test his new environment.  John couldn't let him get away with that so he stroked him back, squeezing the tip as he reached it and hearing an indrawn breath from Sherlock.  John turned his head and brought his other finger to his lips and shushed him.  Sherlock rolled his eyes but, unfortunately for him, it was too dark for John to see it clearly so it was wasted.
They checked all the red cups and on their sixth one they hit pay dirt.
“Hi everyone.  Hopefully you should all have had the chance to familiarise yourself with the script now so what we’ll do is read through the whole thing first of all.  I’ll do the stage directions and if you would all read your own parts, that’d be great and we’ll get a feel for how it all goes.  Then we’ll go through it again scene by scene and I’ll tell you how I was envisioning it and you can all add in any thoughts you may have too.  If any of the crew have ideas with relation to their own particular areas we can put that into the mix too and see what we come up with at the end.  Everyone okay with that?”
“Pfft!”
Chapter Two - Sherlock
“You keep saying doncom?”
“Of course not.  Why wait when you can do it now?”
“No, neither do I.  You’re mine whether you like it or not.”
“How…?  No, never mind, I really don’t think I want to know.  I just wanted to say you have a big nose.”  John started sniggering.
“You’re a beauty, aren’t you, boy?  I can’t wait to take you out.  I’ll be back in a minute.”  John was nudged by an inquisitive nose.  He laughed and added, “Yes I will, I’ll be back.”
Sherlock took hold of John’s damp cock, his finger caressing the slit and bent forward to lick his way around John’s balls and across his inner thigh to his femoral vein.  He first used his human teeth to nibble along the skin, teasing John further as he sucked a deep purple love bite, enjoying the sensation of the blood coming to the surface just under his tongue.  He hovered over the optimum spot and when John was almost quivering with anticipation he sank his fangs into the skin and took a couple of deep swallows as he felt John come all over his fingers.
“As soon as your doctor comes into sight we can get you signed off and out of here.”
The smaller props were all housed at the far end on rows of shelves, so they carried on down to that area.  Sherlock gave everyone a copy of the list he had made.  The play was set in the 1940’s so they would need all old fashioned props.  He told them what sort of things to look out for and to make sure things weren’t too modern looking.  They each wandered over to a set of shelves and hunted through for anything they could use.
“Why on earth would he want you treating him, Freak?”
The team crept over to the last building, keeping low to the ground as there was quite a bit more area to cover to reach the perimeter fence.  They were going to cut the fence from the rear again but as they circled around the compound John pointed to some tire tracks sunk into the mud near the main gate.  They looked fresh and the team moved even more carefully, not wanting to alert anyone to their movements now they had this renewed hope that their search might be drawing to a close.
Mycroft stared at John, assessing his mood and knowing that denial was no longer an option.  He had agreed with Sherlock’s initial assessment that no-one should know what he had done to keep them all safe, but Mycroft had visited John every week and he had seen what Sherlock’s loss had done to him.  Mycroft could keep secrets from Queens and Prime Minsters but he found himself wanting to be honest with this humble little man.  People may call him the Iceman but Mycroft loved his little brother and wanted only the best for him and this man in front of him made Sherlock happy – a task he’d often thought impossible.  There certainly weren’t any other people for whom Sherlock would have sacrificed so much.  Even Mrs Hudson and Lestrade couldn’t have inspired this much devotion and Mycroft wondered if even Sherlock himself, quite knew the depth of his feelings for his flatmate.
He didn’t know how long he had been lost in his own thoughts, but Sherlock became aware of the world again when he heard the downstairs door slamming shut and footsteps clumping up the seventeen steps to their flat.  He smiled to himself, he would recognise that tread anywhere.  It was slightly heavier than normal so John had obviously stopped off at the shop on his way back and was carrying shopping bags as well as his overnight bag.
“I don’t think there’s any intimation about it, Sherlock.”
John piped up, “in the whole wide world”.
Mrs Holmes had been so pleased that Sherlock was getting involved in something, that she had insisted that she be invited, even though she had been told that Sherlock only had a minor role.  She was happy to see John again, too, having been very impressed with what she had seen of him over Christmas.
"Everyone likes you, John."
“Are you sure you can manage on your own?”
Sherlock just couldn’t understand it.  Why was John wasting his time with that stupid girl, Mary, when he could be spending time with him?  It has been like this for six months now, ever since the wretched girl had transferred to their Sixth Form College from the United States.
“Really?  Molly likes Mike?  I’d never have guessed.  We’ve all just hung out since we started here.”
John’s other hand came up and he ran his thumb along Sherlock’s upper lip, tracing the cupid’s bow.  Sherlock gasped at the tender touch and pulled John to him, burying his head in John’s jumper; his arms circling his waist, holding on tight.  John’s arm slid around to the back of Sherlock’s head and he, too, held on tightly, running his fingers through the dark curls which, although shorter than normal, were still as soft as John had always imagined.  John leant his head down and rested his cheek against Sherlock’s hair just breathing him in, allowing his brain to accept this was actually happening.  Sherlock was really back and he’d even apologised.  They stayed there for a long time, each of them getting used to being in the presence of the other again.
"Not that, you daft git!"
“Okay, well, I guess that means it’s my go again, so I’ll go with a truth this time.”
“Damn!  I thought you were bluffing.  All I have is three Aces.”
"Well, if you insist."  John grabbed Sherlock, his hands on both cheeks and pulled him down for a long kiss.  When he let go Sherlock was gasping for breath.  "Never let it be said that John Watson welches on a debt."
“You have been distant for weeks now and I have tried to give you what you want but it isn’t enough, is it?  It isn’t me that has been pulling away, it’s been you, and I think we both know the reason why, don’t we?”
Sherlock ended the call with a sigh.  He guessed he could allow it this once as his brother was providing necessary assistance and was, no doubt, already making a start on filing the paperwork needed to re-start his existence.  Plus, it would get him nearer to John and anything that did that was most definitely allowed.
Because of course that boy was John Watson; the topic of Mrs Merriweather's phone conversation. How could it not be? Clearly, he'd irked the old wench somehow, and Sherlock wanted to know why.
"What, Sherlock?" John quizzed, turning around to face Sherlock with his fists clenched at his sides. Even at this distance Sherlock could see that the tips of his ears were burning red from the cold, or possibly the anger.
Not surprised but slightly disappointed, Sherlock began plating up his food alone.
Sherlock watched him, too exhausted to do much else except listen and sit in a quiet strop that Harry had taken up so much of John’s precious time. These were unprecedented times. The NHS was quickly becoming overrun and John spent all of his time either at the GP or volunteering at the hospital.
John was the wolf.
Shooting up like a Jack in the Box, Sherlock stared in bewilderment as smoke began unfurling around the corner. Simultaneously, both Jason's and Isabelle's laminated pictures erupted into flames, and Sherlock yelped as the rest followed suit.
But, the zoo was nice. They had stopped at a shop along the way and picked up some nappies for Rosie, and when Rosie inevitably needed a change of clothes Sherlock had rushed to the gift shop and acquired a onesie that very loosely resembled a monkey.
“Well really!” She huffed. “If that’s how you’re going to behave!”
It was childish, Sherlock knew, but the men were idiots and he wanted a laugh.
John folded his arms across his chest, unimpressed. Sherlock fixed his collar.
"Something like that," John agreed, stretching his newly freed shoulder in small rotations. "We need to leave. They'll notice that we're not out the building and come looking for us, and then they'll realise that there isn't a fire..." John paused, glancing towards Sherlock momentarily, and Sherlock could have sworn he saw something along the lines of awe flash across John's face, even if it was for a fleeting moment. But it was gone as soon as it has come, and Sherlock found himself listening to John's finishing question of: "... And who will they blame that on?"
“Because she shot you and I forgave her. I stayed married to her. And then she took a bullet for her and I blamed you! I still blamed you! Even though it wasn’t your fault!”
John smiled.
A gigantic paw.
Sleep washed over Sherlock in small waves, dragging him under for a brief period before the swash woke him up again. Though-out the night he checked on the wolf, which remained sound asleep for the most of the night.
"Break their neck of you want," they'd say to the newer members, "but break their neck by using your Ability and you're out."
John set up the cot. Sherlock made tea. While Rosie slept in the cot built in Sherlock’s room, Sherlock and John sat opposite one another, lost for what to say.
“Sergeant Rose?” Sherlock asked, holding his hand out. “Pleased to meet you, I’m –“
John was not a wolf.
Sherlock stared at him.
“You know you’ve ordered a main…” Sherlock started, brows furrowed as John shook his head and shoved the whole prawn cracker into his mouth before launching for a second.
He had taken John lunch for a reason, and it wasn’t because he knew that John was spending far too much money in Pret. He’d taken John lunch because he missed him. It was stupid, really. John had been at work for all of three hours and Sherlock had found himself crawling the walls to see that stupid man again. It was any entirely stupid reason to see anyone, Sherlock reasoned, but hadn’t done it for the sake of being a nice flatmate. He’d just wanted to see John and have an excuse to see him.
Because John saw everything in some shade of grey, the same way everyone saw everything in some shade of grey until they met their soulmate. Soulmates meant colour. Soulmates meant seeing the world more clearly.
The staff also hadn’t said a word when Sherlock stole one of the cars, but that was a whole different story.
John arched an eyebrow, wiping away her running eyeliner with her thumb, before placing her hand back on Sherlock's shoulder.
Between them, Rosie looked across at Sherlock and then up at John. Uninterested, she stuffed her fist into her mouth and began sucking idly on it.
Therefore, by someone screeching his name, desperate to talk to him, having never met him before in a place where everyone knew his Ability, Sherlock couldn't help but panic.
“Okay, so where’s this flat we’re moving into, then?” John asked.
John tilted his head to the side.
The loose root of a tree snaked its way around Harry’s ankle and Harry tripped, falling to the ground with an almighty thud. She held John close, trapping him under her body as John whimpered quietly, trying to get another look at what had followed them.
“It’s the A219, Shepherd’s Bush Road,” Sherlock replied, closing his eyes. “We’ll go along it all the way to the A402, which is Shepherd’s Bush Green.”
“I know,” he clarified, watching John intently. “I know because of the packet of ginger nuts in your pocket and the packet of cigarettes in the other. I know because you didn’t leave your suburban terrace with the intention of going to the zoo, having left Rosie’s trusty bag probably at the bottom of your stairs where you usually keep it.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
"No, John, this is the right book," he held it up for 'John' to see. John sighed and folded his arms across his chest, just for something to do with them. He looked uneasy, but not unsociable to the point that he didn't know how to act in ordinary conversations. It struck Sherlock as odd, at any rate, as John gazed sympathetically at the man before him, who continued talking. "I just... Do you ever feel like you're being watched?"
He’d always liked John’s room, though he rarely had cause to venture there. It was quiet, and while John’s bedroom window faced the same direction as Sherlock’s beneath it, he had a better vantage point of the trees behind the slightly smaller flats which sat behind their’s. While Sherlock could look out of his window and see into other people’s homes, John could look out and see the sky.
“Basically, what I'm trying to say is that if you hadn't appeared in my life when you did I wouldn't be as happy as I am now. You’ve given me so much, Sherlock. So much and I can never repay you properly. Sure, you drive me crazy,” at that, Sherlock shrugged. Not even attempting to deny it. “But you helped me to live in a prime London spot. You helped me when Harry was being Harry. You helped me to see the side of London I'd never have seen otherwise. I owe you so much, and I appreciate you infinitely more so.”
“A rule?” She asked excitedly. “Oh, Sherlock.”
“Wizards are real?” He asked immediately. “What is a muggle? A muggle is someone who doesn’t know about wizards… Am I a muggle?”
“Well that’s not very nice,” Mrs Hudson huffed. She stood at the bottom of the staircase, arms folded across her chest. “I was only trying to bring your food up to you.”
There was still so much to say. There was still so much to discuss. But actions spoke louder than words.
Now, the concrete was thicker than ever. Sherlock had been a shit. A complete and utter twat. His idiocy had resulted in two people losing their lives, for John to find himself in the midst of a headache, and for Sherlock to be yelled at by a string of people, including Mycroft, Lestrade, and Mrs Hudson. The last one had been horrible to witness. John thought he'd stepped into a nightmare at one point; the look on Sherlock's face was heartbreaking. It wasn't technically Sherlock's fault, what had happened, but Sherlock was still being shitty enough for everyone to ignore him, no matter how hard he tried to tell them.
At first he couldn't give two hoots as to what her apparently riveting conversation was about, until her eyes widened and she gasped, standing up and going to the large window that flanked the back wall behind her desk.
“Let me get you some water,” John mumbled. He put the glass on the table in front of Sherlock and went back to rubbing Sherlock’s back.
“I didn’t say you were scared,” Sherlock cut in, now turning to look at John.
“You met the Bethlem Beheader?!” He asked, incredulous.
“You’re going to do great things, Sherlock,” John told him, smiling warmly. “I know you are. And while I’m at war patching up bullet holes, I know that you’ll be busy doing whatever makes you happy.”
John had fallen for it, Molly had fallen for it, the whole of Scotland Yard had fallen for it; the only people who recognised that Sherlock wasn’t as cold-blooded as he let on were Mycroft, Irene, and possibly Mrs Hudson although sometimes Sherlock wasn’t quite sure.
Sherlock settled back down, and for some reason he wasn’t at all surprised when the wolf curled up next to him. Sherlock shuffled a bit and rested his head on the wolf’s thick pelt.
“This isn’t your day,” he said.
“I told you coming after me would be a bad idea,” Todd said. “I warned you.”
Suddenly, his face felt scratchy. There was a weight pressing down on him, shielding him from the men. Something snarled and whatever was protecting Sherlock vibrated as another snarl sliced the air.
“You forgot the bag. And you don’t sleep very well at night, so your decision must have been something you were mulling over during the night to get here at…” he checked his watch, “9 o’clock in the morning during rush hour on a Monday. The jubilee line is closed for engineering works, too, so you’d have had to catch the circle line which is absolute dedication. Here,” Sherlock strode across the room and extracted a USB memory stick from his laptop. “Some of my more relaxing compositions.” He handed the small silver stick to John. “Plug it into your laptop and download them onto your phone. If you need help, there are tutorials on YouTube. I know how inept you are at technology. I know you like background noise while you sleep.”
He sighed quietly as memories of what had happened drifted to the edges of his mind like a corpse in a lake, washed up amongst the reeds and almost invisible to everyone except unsuspecting dog walker, for who it was the most startling part of their day. Sherlock’s stomach churned.
They sipped coffee in the crowed café as the rain poured down, and they took it in turns carrying Rosie. They saw giraffes and penguins and red pandas, and under the pretence of friends they discussed the mindless things that friends usually talked about. They laughed, they irritated one another, and for the first time in a while they felt comfortable with one another. Sherlock even willingly took photographs of John and Rosie together, and then sent them to John after filtering the good from the bad.
The day his wife died was a very strong contender, and he reasoned that he probably ought to name that day as the worst should anyone ask. It would be indecent to suggest that the day he had become a widow hadn’t been the worst day of his life. That’s just what people expected.
There were two of them now, the black haired man and another he hadn't seen before. Sherlock trod carefully, desperate not to catch their attention. He watched on as the other man frowned.
Deciding that he'd heard enough, he scrambled up onto all fours and twisted himself round, leaning his back against the door and glaring at the abyss of a corridor that lay before him.
“We’re leaving.”
“Yes, Sherlock. I will.”
“Ah, hello Mr John and little Miss Rosie,” the man behind the counter said, smiling as John turned so that Rosie could see the man who had spoken.
“Mycroft? What's Mycroft got to do with this any of this?” Sherlock quizzed, growing irritated. Because of course Mycroft was involved somehow. When was he ever not?
“Hm.” Sherlock grumbled. “Morning, sunshine.”
Interesting morning.
Sherlock’s genial expression melted into one of quiet silence. John’s chest hurt.
"It means I have control of fire." Mrs Merriweather raised an eyebrow, and Sherlock quickly corrected himself. "Fire has control of me."
John pursed his lips. “I heard you coughing while I was talking to Harry.”
“You will?” Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
John watched the car roll down the driveway from where he stood at the kitchen sink. His shirt sleeves were rolled up to his elbows and the cardigan he wore bunched up around the buttons, staying away from the soapy water his hands were buried in.
Since their first kiss, he and Sherlock spent what time together they could. They didn’t really go for lunch or dinner together, because they weren’t that sort of couple and because of their vow of secrecy, but John’s heart was full. Full, because the previous night he’d told Sherlock he loved him and Sherlock had said it back instantly.
"It's a long story..." He offered, shrugging. But Sherlock remained solid, not backing away from finding out what exactly it was that John wanted from him.
The notebook certainly wasn’t way he’d have chosen for Sherlock to find out, but he also had no idea of how he’d have told Sherlock anyway. If it weren’t for the government-ordered self-isolation he knew that Sherlock would have already fled, and even then he knew that the only reason Sherlock was actually paying attention to the new rules was he was scared of Mrs Hudson’s mighty wrath.
“Yes, we were,” John replied, his voice firm.
Once outside, John pocketed the cigarettes and the ginger nuts (they stuck out of his pocket awkwardly), and headed towards the nearest Underground Station.
John was having a hard enough time blocking Mrs Hudson coming up the staircase.
“Forget it.”
He gently tugged his thumb free from Rosie’s mouth and wiped it on his jeans, then stood up.
"Take him to the ambulance," a woman commanded, pointing Sherlock in the direction of a sea of bright yellow and blue. He nodded hastily, and began heading towards it.
Snippets of past conversations with friends rushed back to him.
In each one of these ring binders were extensive reports regarding Sherlock and his Ability. He gently kicked one of them. If only he could get away with burning them. Then he'd have one less thing to worry about; aside from losing his temper.
“Sherlock, listen to me,” John sighed. “Because I’ve only just realised how selfish I’ve been.”
Absently, Sherlock wondered which part of the lie John was unsure about. He suspected the first part, but John neither confirmed nor denied those suspicions.
“Identify yourself!” He shouted, clinging onto the headboard for dear life as whatever it was huffed once more. “I’m warning you! I have a very strong boyfriend and when he comes back you’ll regret ever coming into my flat!”
“You seem to care quite a bit,” John cut in, but his voice was sympathetic and Sherlock was surprised to find that he was smiling. Great. John’s sympathy was exactly what he needed. “And I haven't been dating anyone,” John continued. “Mycroft thought you'd think that. I guess he was right.”
"What do you know about it?" He quizzed defensively, although the timidness in his voice was quickly noticed by John.
'Local Primary School Blaze' was the initial headline. That one wasn't so bad. Sherlock had only had a small mention, as more of the attention was directed towards the unknown events that had started the fire. However, someone then let slip that it was him who had caused the flames, and Sherlock's world fell on it's head.
“What time is it?” John asked Sherlock.
“Maybe to a relationship, or maybe to answering the question?”
“You are.” John chuckled. “You’re a moron. And manipulating you was so easy, because everyone, and I mean everyone, hates you.” John turned to face him. “It was so easy to waltz into your life and pretend to be your friend, for just a little bit. And you lapped it up. Because you piss off everyone you meet. It’s sad, really.”
Through a crack in the door he watched as the men pondered the situation, running through it in hurried whispers. In an attempt to stop himself from laughing, Sherlock began chewing his thumb knuckle. As he watched however, it quickly turned into a gnaw as he watched on anxiously. They weren't going to move. So perhaps they weren't so easily fooled.
“I have a cot for her,” Sherlock said, nodding towards Rosie. “If you wanted to stay a bit longer?”
John thought he looked breathtaking.
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut, shaking his head.
Black block capitals were stamped across the top of the horizontal sheet, reading: “Thank you, Sherlock!” And beneath the writing stretched a collage of tiny handprints in different colours, all mashed on top of one another with no coherent order or reason.
“If you’d be willing to go with me?”
The room smelt like John. The tartan bedspread had been tucked under the mattress, uniform and military. Sherlock thought it looked more like the bedspread in a hotel, but then he considered his own, rarely made bed and decided he wasn’t able to judge anyone on how they made their bed.
Sherlock’s stomach knotted again.
“This is for you.”
They were in the garden, hidden from the party by a wall dividing the raised Manor House from the lake. Long, sweeping stone steps ran down to a pebbled pathway, and it was there that Sherlock and John had taken refuge.
For around half an hour, he found himself wandering aimlessly around the pristine parliament. Whereas The Houses of Parliament were buildings of intricate detail, full of large rooms and beautiful architecture; The Harth Parliament looked rather like a set of offices both inside and out. Because that's essentially what they were.
“You were holding a prisoner,” Lestrade said. “You stood outside the cell, every day, for three months.”
Sherlock shrugged away from him and leaned against the window, the side of his forehead pressed against it. His knee shook violently and he hugged himself.
“Yes,” Mrs Holmes huffed. “But they have a whole honeymoon for that! Christ.”
Sherlock hadn’t even tried to fight back.
“Why’re we here, Sherlock?” John asked. “Lestrade didn’t say -“
“Oh god, yes. That was insane.”
16.	“Let’s not talk about hate when there’s hell to pay for your cowardice and my bad timing.” Our Perfect Disease, The Wombats
John gasped. “Really?”
They carried on walking, and John grinned sheepishly.
“Sherlock.”
“You can’t give me a single hint?”
“Why should I stay here?” Sherlock asked, looking down at his phone.
"You know it wasn't your fault, don't you?" John asked quietly, rubbing Sherlock's back. He was surprised to find that Sherlock leant slightly into him, shuffling a bit closer. "I mean, you were an absolute pain in the arse. Five times you ran off, Sherlock. Five. Do you know what that's like? Especially during a stake-out-" Sherlock looked down, closing his eyes. John immediately regretted his decision to berate him.
'Holmes - Fire. Approach with caution.'
Silence stretched out like a clumsy beast, ramming itself headlong into bookshelves as at charged hungrily down the aisles. It tumbled down the spiralling staircases like the water from an overflowing bath on the floor above; skipping and bubbling as it washed over eardrums and landed in a heap in the floor, where it then proceeded to shake itself off; ignoring the cuts and bruises as it clambered back onto its feet, before carrying on its rampage at breakneck speed. It muted out the louder sounds with a hazy drone; amplifying the quieter creaks of cracked floorboards instead.
Sherlock had never seen John move faster as he did when he was fleeing the awkwardness of that room. He heard John close the bathroom door downstairs and Sherlock buried his face in his hands.
“That's not…” John started, but Jim raised an eyebrow and John stumbled in his speech. “I – I mean, yeah. I’m sorry, Jim. Sorry I brought it up.”
John’s stare faltered after a few moments, and he sighed heavily.
The notebook had been put back on the bedside table. All John wanted to do was shred it, or burn it. How could he have been so stupid as to leave it lying around? He reasoned that, after possibly the most chaotic days of his life, his privacy was the least of his concerns. Sherlock never went into John’s room. Never. Why would this week be any different to the others?
John shook his head, going back to look at Jim, although he kept stealing quick glances towards Sherlock, who was doing his best to pick up the books as quietly as possible. Jim frowned, still oblivious to Sherlock being there.
He didn’t dare look at the cut until he was successfully out of the situation.
Sherlock tilted his head to the side, watching John as paced the room.
“And then you follow it around and get to Baker Street,” Sherlock said. “Past The Landmark where you and Mary - I’m sorry, John, I know you’re trying to help but it’s really not –“
"Or you'll be burned to a crisp."
“Pay attention when I talk to you!” Sherlock snapped, though he was smiling. “Everything I have to say is of the upmost importance.”
Sherlock had suggested they walk because he didn’t think he could bear the usual familiarities of the back of the cab with John quite so soon. Somehow the excitement of rushing off to a crime scene with John by his side was unbearable.
“Not today, sunshine,” he said, pecking her lightly on the cheek as she wrapped her arms around him and rested her head on his shoulder. “Still another week.”
John’s eyes widened and he looked up at Sherlock, who was resolutely ignoring him. John was a crack shot, but he hardly knew why a gun would be a good idea in this instance.
"You're so beautiful," John sighed quietly, looking at her in complete awe as she tucked a lone strand of hair behind Sherlock's ear. "Did you know that?"
“I’m not the man you think I am.”
John’s ears had turned bright pink. He grinned sheepishly.
Sherlock smiled slightly. "Really, John? A hug?" He asked mockingly, and John was pleased to hear the tone. Normally the condescension would have riled him, but this time it was welcomed with open arms.
“But what if I don’t?” He asked, looking down. “What if I’m one of those people who never meets their soulmate?”
Today however, fate was on his side as her telephone began ringing shrilly in her pocket. Holding a single finger up to Sherlock, she rummaged around in her pocket before answering it.
But that was ridiculous.
“We’ll get on the A3220,” Sherlock said, swallowing thickly. “Urm. West Cross Route, I think. John, I can’t do this. This was a mistake.”
"Name badge," she repeated, stalking past him on narrow heeled green shoes. Her hair was tied in a messy French plait, her dark brown roots standing out a mile against her dyed blonde hair as it frizzed in different directions, and her grotesquely green three-piece suit was stiff around her as she walked. Sherlock could've sworn he heard the crunch of the material bend as she sat down behind her neatly organised desk.
She tugged a rucksack from her back and placed it on the ground, before crouching down and rummaging around inside it.
Apparently not.
Sherlock turned around and walked back to his bedroom, the now assembled cot easily visible through the open door.
“So you're Mycroft's spy?” Sherlock queried. “I thought you were better than that.”
“Why do you have a cot?”
3.	“Be careful of the curse that falls on young lovers... starts so soft and sweet and turns them to hunters.” Howl, Florence + The Machine
But that hadn’t happened.
“So you deciding to fight off the old age by letting your idiotic barber give you a quiff,” Sherlock supplied, stepping out of the way of a large gaggle of tourists as they chatted to one another.
John knew it was blood, this time. Once he’d almost given himself a heart attack when his sister, Harry, had fallen off a ladder and spilt paint all over herself. John had run out into the garden at the beckon of Harry’s scream to find her sprawled on the ground coated in a thick liquid that was the exact same shade of blood. It had taken Harry a long time to calm John down.
“It’s not a quiff, Sherlock.”
Sherlock thought it over.
Sherlock scrunched his face up and rubbed eyes. “But, you weren’t bitten and you just became a werewolf?” He asked, and John laughed.
John nodded, his eyes wide. He cleared his throat.
"What about you?" Sherlock interjected quickly. "You shouted at me, too."
They walked back to Baker Street from the zoo. The rain faded away and by the time they returned to Baker Street the clouds had parted and the sun was shining through.
“You didn’t have to say that I’m scared,” John told him quietly. “You know that I am.”
John sighed and accepted it.
Sherlock was lay on his front, his head nestled between two pillows with only his mouth and nose visible before the rest of his body was concealed with a thick duvet. A few dark curls twisted out from beneath the pillow, and Sherlock shuffled occasionally, still snoring quietly.
Silence hung in the air like smoke from a cigarette. Sherlock could almost see it. Hovering there, mocking him, making him cough. John had gone back to staring. The notebook was definitely still on the bed.
“‘Sorry?’” John repeated, apparently confused. A lone leaf twirled around his foot, but he paid it no attention. “That’s what you’re saying? ‘Sorry’? You can’t fix everything with a simple, run of the mill ‘sorry’, Sherlock. It doesn’t work like that. It doesn’t work, coming from you. Coming from what you’ve done. Look at you. You can’t even look at me properly!”
Sherlock continued frowning at her as she covered the mouth piece of her phone and mouthed 'Wait outside', buzzing with excitement from whatever this John Watson person had to offer her.
“You still need to go to the hospital,” John muttered, squeezing Sherlock’s hand gently. It was amazing how naturally comfortable he felt with Sherlock after only a few short moments of knowing one another. “And I will take you to hospital before this day is out.”
“You aren’t doing anything wrong, believe me.  Do you really not know why I pull away from you?”
“I know, I know, still, I’ll feel better and Greg could just as easily cover for me if I make a mistake and do something I shouldn’t be able to so it’ll work all round.”
“How did I get lucky enough to deserve you?”
“’S all good.  I feel great.”
“You got that just from the way she stopped herself talking?”
“You can’t believe how good it is to see you, even in this state.  I never thought I would get the chance again and now I find myself loath to leave your side in case it turns out that I’m the one who is dreaming and you’re not really here.”
“Blimey, Sherlock, don’t get all gooey on me.”
Sherlock walked over to the locker where John’s things had been stowed and got out the bag.  The package inside was double protected in bubble wrap and then inside that was something wrapped in tissue paper.  Sherlock walked back over to John and peeled back the tissue paper and stared.  His glance shot up to John’s face, shock in his eyes.
John reluctantly sat down.
by Joolz
“I remember.  It was certainly a shock to the system.  Are you okay now, did the… did my blood help?”
"That's fab, guys, thanks.  This is really shaping up well already."
“Well that does sound exciting.  I’ll let you get on with it then.”
John was loath to do anything to jolt Sherlock by trying to remove his arm and if Sherlock wasn’t bothered by it then John decided he didn’t need to be either, so he settled himself down to enjoy the sensation.  When his enjoyment became a little too much, he eased his lower half away from Sherlock; not wanting to bring that particular issue upon either of them until they were ready for it.  He kept his arm snuggly around Sherlock, though, and they enjoyed another lazy half hour of leisurely waking before John’s bladder insisted he needed to get up.
“Well, you did at least have the luxury of knowing I was alive.  I didn’t even have that.”
“Of course, Sherlock, what is it?”
"Since we went to all the trouble of having to learn those fancy dances, what say we give them a whirl now?  Miss Donovan, would you care to dance?"
“No he’s not the sort to sneak drinks in that way; if he was going to drink he’d share with everyone.”
“Challenge accepted.  You just wait and see, Mr Holmes.”
“Well, best of luck, John.  I can’t emphasise enough how important it is that you return safe and sound from this mission.  I don’t relish facing my brother if I have to inform him otherwise.”
“You didn’t spoil anything.  I just don’t really feel the need to be constantly chasing after women; I’m content with my life as it is so there didn’t seem a reason to complicate things.”
John’s mouth fell open as the words registered.  He was being offered Sherlock on a platter.  There was no question about his decision.  He didn’t even need to say anything; he just took hold of Sherlock’s hand and starting dragging him back towards Baker Street, looking over his shoulder every few steps as if to make sure that Sherlock was still there.
“Don’t think this will spoil anything, John.  I am perfectly satisfied with us as we are and, whilst I am not actively looking for something new, I do not feel threatened by another encounter with Lestrade.  I think we can both agree that he is passably handsome and certainly not as imbecilic as the majority of his colleagues.”
Sherlock was groaning and making broken sounds.  John loved it when Sherlock got to the stage where he couldn’t even form sentences.  Sherlock had been worked up for so long now, whilst he waited for John, and through the whole evening.  When John took Sherlock’s cock deep into his throat and sucked on it hard a few more times, Sherlock’s orgasm rushed through him.  John swallowed it all down.  Sherlock collapsed back against the bed, and John rolled him over and settled himself behind him, gathering him into his arms.  John pulled the duvet up to cover them both and he buried his nose comfortably in Sherlock’s nape.  The pair of them drifted off into a sated sleep.
John looked at his face; he didn’t want to push him too far.  “No, I’ll believe you.  Go on then let’s see what you’ve got.”
“Yes, but when will we be able to do this again?  I’m discovering I like it and want to try more.”
“As lovely as this is, I came here for answers not to pass the time of day.”
He assumed the other boy must be doing an English Literature or Drama degree and was running lines, but he settled himself more comfortably into the chair at his desk, in front of the window, for a prolonged viewing.  John found himself doing this more and more frequently.  He was seemingly fascinated by his neighbour and would spend longer gazing out of the window than focusing on his own work.  He would often come back to his senses realising that he’d been there so long that the room had become dark around him and he’d have to shake himself and get back to completing his essays or revision before the whole night was gone.
By Joolz
Julian gasped and looked stricken at Sherlock, his complexion paling even further, if that were possible.
Sherlock felt warmth surrounding him.  Something was tickling against his nose and he couldn’t feel one arm, but as he slowly awakened and memories of the previous evening returned, he caught himself smiling; feelings of contented happiness flowing through him.  He usually had great trouble dropping off or staying asleep for any great length of time.  Yet here he was – about six thirty in the morning, judging by the light coming in from John’s window – well rested after having slept about six hours straight through.  This was something he could get used to.  He wondered if he could persuade John to sleep in his bed when he stayed with him over the holidays.  He was sure they could hide it from Mummy; maybe not Mycroft, but he could keep his big nose out.
3 Unread Text Messages.
I suppose I should tell you about myself.  I am 19 years old and studying Biochemistry and Forensics at the University of London.  The lectures are puerile, the professors dull and my fellow students beneath description.  I only attend for the access to their excellent lab facilities in which I perform my own experiments.
“Do you have a picture of them so that we can see?”
“Somehow, I doubt it.”
“I could think of another service you could perform for me, if you wanted to?”
“Can you?”
"I would have got you something."
Perhaps this could be the start of something new.  Something different and unexpected but not altogether unpleasant.  The 'butterflies' feeling had gone, thankfully, and he was left with a surprising warmth and sense of anticipation.  The possibilities, it seemed, were opening up for something more.  He wasn't necessarily sure of what form the 'more' would take but he sensed that it would be good and he smiled at John as they began their journey - knowing instinctively that it would lead them onward together.
“It can’t have been put in to the bottle itself or more people would have been affected.  It can only have been put in the cup by the person pouring the drink or the person passing the drinks around.  The next question we have to ask is, was it put in a random cup and you were just unlucky enough to be the recipient, or was it more specifically targeted to one person?  That would mean that the target was not yourself, as they could not know that you would spill your drink so it, therefore, must have been aimed at Jasmine.”
“You can check now if you like?”
“Sarcasm is the lowest form of wit, John.  Never mind about that now, let’s go up and I can show you my room first, then we can do a tour of the house later.  I arranged it with Mummy for you to sleep in my dressing room, and one of the men helped me set it up with a bed yesterday, so we’re all sorted.  I can lock the outer doors to my suite so we won’t be disturbed.  Come on.”
“I look forward to it, Mr Watson.”
John and Sherlock shuffled nearer to the uni-cyclist who was actually closer to them than the thief.  They managed to get on the other side of him just as the man emerged from the crowd and started down towards the alley.  As they approached they heard a "Stop. Police!" shouted from behind them.  The man's head swung round as he looked to see if it was him they had spotted.  He saw Sherlock and John closing in on him and seemed to realise their intent.
Everyone arrived early, eager to get back into the rehearsals, as they only had eleven weeks until the actual performances.  They were scheduled for the three days before the end of that term, so that parents could stay overnight locally, if they wished, and then take their children home with them for the Easter holidays.
“I’m so sorry you went through all that, and that it was my fault.”
"Oh my God, you didn't blow up the school did you?"
Sherlock moved on to John’s wrist.  He held the arm gently and placed soft kisses on the skin, not wanting to press too hard on the bruises or raw marks left by the rope.  He circled his hand lightly around it and took John’s pulse, noting the elevation and the breath holding followed by quick releases as he touched John’s skin.  He watched the dilation of John’s pupils and the way he was biting his lower lip, trying to keep silent.
“I’d always be able to tell who something was from so that wouldn’t be a surprise.”
“Your wish is my command, Dr Watson.”  With that, Sherlock lifted John off his feet as though he weighed nothing and sped up the stairs, depositing John on the bed so fast that he bounced to a stop looking surprised at how he had gotten there so quickly.
Sherlock tilted his head back, bringing his lips closer.  He felt warm air quiver over them as John breathed out and he gave a little shiver.  John saw it and smiled.  He blew out a little more air, purposefully this time and when Sherlock opened his lips to try and capture it, John leant further and finally brought their lips together in a soft, tender kiss.  It was delicious and both of them sighed in delight.  They kissed again and again, each one lasting a little longer and becoming more intense as they took the time to enjoy each other.
“Oh, how thoughtless of me.  Let me rectify that for you.”
"Were you two fighting in there or something, you've got blood on your lip, Sherlock?"
I’ll let you know as soon as I find out when I should be home.
Well, I’d better finish now so I can catch the last post.  I’m glad Mrs H is looking after you and keeping you fed; I do worry about you sometimes.  You really must eat and sleep more.  I would hate anything to happen to you whilst I’m not there to care for you.
“Why did you come over here?”
Sherlock had decided very soon after they met that he wanted John in every sense of the word, but he wanted John to want him for himself and not just to fall under his thrall.  He had lured innumerable people in before with his charms and had enjoyed every one of them, but they had meant nothing to him in the scheme of things.  John he could imagine being with for the long haul, even going so far as to consider turning him if it was something John might want in the future.  That would, of course, depend on John finding out and accepting his secret.  A secret that he had never told anyone.  The only people who knew were family, which unfortunately meant Mycroft, but as long as he didn’t have to see too much of him, he could put up with that.  He did have his occasional uses after all; certainly the discrete blood deliveries which appeared in the extra fridge hidden in his bedroom whilst he and John were out saved him from having to be bothered to try and sneak it in himself without John noticing.
“That’s it, John, drink it, take what you need.  You’ve got to come back to me.”
Joolz :)
“Aren’t you glad I came back, though?”
John groaned as he took Sherlock in, loving the slow burn of being filled like this.  His one hand was around Sherlock’s shoulders, holding on and the other was stroking through his hair, pulling on it as Sherlock’s head fell back as he enjoyed the hot tight pressure around his cock.  Sherlock wanted it hard and fast so after giving John mere moments to get used to the intrusion, he pressed John hard against the wall using his body weight to hold him up so he could pump his hips up hard and fast into John.
"This is really serious then.  If someone is truly trying to hurt Jasmine, do you think they are going to try again?"
“Don’t try and fool me, John Watson.  I know you swing both ways, just the same as I do.”
“Ok, second.  Still, if you want to stop you will.  If you can’t then I’ll just push you off, it’ll be easier if you’re at the wrist.”
“It would be a little hard to miss.  Even when you think you are being subtle and sitting in the dark, it is quite evident where your attention is focused.”
"I thought I got that right?"
“I’m afraid I get rather focused on other things when I watch you playing rugby.  The rest of the players tend to blur into the background.”
Sherlock re-ran his last comment through his head.  ‘Loved’ – he had said loved.  It seemed he was not as unsure of his own position as he had thought.  He had wanted to get back home just to see John again but, now that the shock of that call had worn off, he thought perhaps he would be interested in pursuing things further if John was, indeed, amenable.  He was now even more desperate to get home.
Should hopefully have the final part up on Friday.
"That's one of the perks of a bite.  Just enjoy it."
John took the key to the chains which the team leader gave him and they carefully undid the clasps.  Sherlock slumped down against John’s chest and cried out as his arms were lowered to his sides; blood flowing through muscles that had been kept aloft for far too long, sending pain and pins and needles prickling throughout Sherlock’s body.
Matthew sighed with relief and Greg along with him.  "Thank goodness for that; it would be hard to replace you.  You've really got the character down pat, Matthew, and I'd hate to have to change now when the performances are so close."
“It’s not you being embarrassing that I’m worried about.”
“I know, I’m only teasing you.  I’ve been just as excited to learn what I can do as you have.  Thank you for all your help with everything; I couldn’t have done this thing without you.”
Sherlock, who had perked up considerably on hearing the first part of Greg’s sentence, pulled a face at the second part.  John nudged him jovially.
“Thank you for a lovely party.  We just wanted to let you know that we’re going up now.”
“What about my other question?”
“No, we have a place in Berkeley Square in London, where I reside most of the time as it’s convenient for work, and then there’s our Grandmere’s villa in France also.  You’ll have to allow Sherlock to take you there in the summer vacation; the scenery is just exquisite.”
“Not of the rugby.”
“You have the hands of a surgeon as evidenced by the way you are holding your blade and the knot you have tied in your bandana is that used universally in operating theatres.”
"Come here, you," John laughed and pushed Sherlock backwards on to the bed and climbed over him.
“You do realise that I’ve already had you begging twice.  Where was your much vaunted resistance then?”
By the time they’d finished in the house, there were other people about, so Sherlock led them down the back stairs and outside to some of the other buildings.  On the way past the kitchen they picked up some sandwiches and drinks, which Sherlock managed to charm out of Mrs C.  She’d always had a soft spot for Sherlock and was forever trying to feed him up, so she was happy to provide lunch for him and his friend.
“Well, that respite didn’t last long, did it?”
“How could you tell that his sisters used to dress him up?”
“I have, but I never mentioned girls.  I’ve booked us a couple of male dates for the evening.”
Giles Ralston –                          Played by Freddie Bryant
Eventually, he blinked; his brain switching back on.  He must have misheard.  He dialled the number again and listened as the message started.  It was so nice to hear John’s real voice.  He could make the most mundane thing sound interesting to Sherlock.  He could pick up on the hint of exasperation in the comment to journalists – John must be infuriated to still be bothered by them.  He could hear the thread of amusement in John’s remark to Greg, and realised that John must be getting over a cold as that was the only time he drank Guinness.  Here it came… ‘PS.  If this is Sherlock reaching out from the Great Beyond – because, let’s face it, if anyone could do it, it would be you – you’re a complete dick for leaving me alone like this, but I still love you.’
“Thanks, Mike; that would be very useful.”
They had received word from one of Sherlock's sources that a shipment was due in that evening and they were rewarded an hour later when a large van pulled into the yard and drove straight in to the warehouse, the doors closing behind it.  Greg gave the signal and they all moved in.  Sherlock, John and Greg rushed over to the side door they had earmarked as their point of entry and stopped with the backs against the wall until everyone was in place.  At the second signal all the doors were breached at the same time and everyone charged in to take the gang inside by surprise, hopefully minimising any injury to the girls.
When Mike was talking with her he watched her eyes and took in all the things that Sherlock had told him.  It looked like it was true.  He thought about his own feelings for Molly.  He had always liked her as a friend and watched over her with a protective eye, not letting anyone hurt her.  When he thought about it more deeply he decided he definitely liked the way she looked and enjoyed spending time with her.  She always made him feel good and laughed at his jokes.  Was there something more?  Maybe this could work?  It was certainly worth giving it a shot.
Sherlock grabbed on to the arm which had just hit his own.  “I think you’ll find you aren’t going anywhere.”  His mobile phone pinged a text alert noise in his pocket.  “Well, I’ll retract that statement and say you aren’t going anywhere without me.  If that is Mycroft finally announcing his arrival then I suggest we leave immediately and go somewhere where these people are not.”
“That’s great, thanks, Olivia.  Sherlock, if you wouldn’t mind going through the script and listing out what props you think we’ll need, aside from the phone and radio which we’ve already mentioned, that’d be really helpful.”
Sherlock was in his blue dressing gown and he made swift work of sliding it down his arms and off his body as he sat straddling John.  It said a lot for John’s state of mind that he hadn’t even noticed that Sherlock was naked beneath it.  Sherlock loosened John’s own robe and kissed his way up John’s sternum and neck, taking a long taste when he reached John’s lips.  Whilst John was distracted, Sherlock positioned himself over John’s pelvis and slid himself down John’s shaft until he was fully seated.  He had prepared himself before John had come home so he was able to manage it in one long slide and he revelled in the deep groan that John released between their joined lips as he felt Sherlock’s hot passage surrounding him.
John and Greg both laughed then Greg pointed to the table with the food.
“Come on then.  I’ll need to go back to my room and get changed first.  I’ll get my books and I can do some homework in there.”
“Let’s just say that Greg is no longer in any doubt about the state of our relationship.  Luckily, he didn’t seem bothered about it and appeared to be willing to keep it to himself.”
“He’s definitely had something.  He wouldn’t say things like that.”  Greg blushed.  “Maybe you ought to take him to see the nurse?”
“I was born this way so I’ve never known any difference.  Mycroft and I spent our early years at our Grandmaman’s chateau in France.  It is through her antecedents that we have this lineage; her family goes back generations to Eastern Europe.”
Anger crossed John’s face and he leaned forward ready to slam his drink down on the desk.  Before he actually got out of his chair though, Mycroft held up his hand.  John paused for a moment, waiting to see what Mycroft said next before he decided whether to punch him or just storm out.
“What are we supposed to do now, then?”
Greg turned round to grin at the other two in the back.
It had all started during a night out with Greg the previous evening.  They had been having one of their usual Holmes-ranting sessions to relieve each other’s tensions of dealing with the brothers on a regular basis.  They were about four pints in and had just reached the stage of comparing what was the most stupid, non-standard-boyfriend move their partners had made when John received a text.  This wasn’t one of the multitude he had received from Sherlock during the evening - asking how much longer he was going to be or stating his various levels of boredom.  This one was from Sarah telling him that she had been vomiting all day and wouldn’t be able to make it in to the surgery tomorrow for her special children’s clinic and would he be a life-saver and cover for her.
True to his word he had sent Sherlock his number as soon as he reached home, and Sherlock hadn't stopped texting him since.  He received stream of consciousness, random observations about Sherlock's day; insults on his interactions with Mycroft; and sheer gloom when the cousins were mentioned.  Two of them had arrived early as their parents had been invited on a last minute skiing trip to replace another couple, who couldn't attend through illness, and they wouldn't be home until the morning of the party.  Sherlock had told his cousins all about John, but they had been mocking and doubting him, so he had been doing his best to stay out of their way.  He couldn't wait for John to arrive to put them in their place, as John had been promising to do in his replies.
“Wasn’ smart.”  John started giggling.  Sherlock looked fondly but resignedly down at him.
"The wire has been cut.  It wasn't a poorly hung light; it was a deliberately sabotaged one.  Someone was trying to cause an accident."
“Well, I’ll be!  If it isn’t Captain John Watson.”
John just stared at him, stunned.  This was obviously the crux of the situation.  He didn’t doubt that Sherlock, himself, cared little about who John’s dad was or, indeed, for any class distinctions.  He could easily believe, however, that the head of the Holmes family considered John too inferior in status to form a lasting association with his son.
“I’m surprised you haven’t asked about the tie I'm wearing today?”
“Oh, John.  You are completely hopeless, do you know that?”
“What?  Why on earth would you be targeting me?  What have I ever done to you?”
Sherlock’s eyes shot to John’s face, expecting derision, but he realised that John was only teasing him.  He’d forgotten how much John liked to tease and how easily he’d always accepted it from him.  It felt almost normal to hear that again.  He had missed having someone to joke with him.  That had been in short supply in his life since John had gone.
Sherlock took hold of his cock and stroked it fast, keeping pace with John.  It only took a handful of strokes until he felt his balls tightening and he was coming hard all over his hand and abdomen.  His passage contracted around John and John only took a couple more thrusts before he too was filling Sherlock as he shuddered to his release.
“I hope you’re right.  It all seems to have been going so well lately; we haven’t had any of those other problems these last couple of weeks, either, so I thought it was settled.”
“Yes hello, Carstairs.  Is Mummy there please?”
"No, it's fine, this is my treat, and I invited you."
“I’m sure she took it all on board as it arrived in perfect condition.  Thanks.”
"Oh, not much.  I just told him what might happen if he continued along the path he was taking.  Bullies are all the same when you stand up to them.  I've seen you handle them yourself at school so I know you know that.  I think it's just that you're too close to the situation with your own family, and it's been going on for so long that it's just become expected behaviour.  I merely let Simon know that it would no longer be acceptable and I think he understands that.  You shouldn't have any bother again."
“That’s what I like to hear.  So, you must be Sherlock.  I don’t think we’ve met properly, though I have seen you down at the rugby pitch; are you a fan?”
John left Greg to think things over and made his way back to Sherlock, feeling a little bit more hopeful than he had done.  He hoped Greg made his decision quickly though, he wanted to know where they stood, one way or the other.
John’s eyes dropped and his cheeks reddened further before he looked up at Sherlock through his eyelashes.
Sherlock let go as he gasped at the sensation of John’s fingers massaging his scalp and pulling his hair.  John took advantage of the release to slide his lips down Sherlock’s neck.  He started behind his ear and laid a trail of kisses all the way down, alternating between light presses of the lips, slides of the tongue, and gentle nibbling of teeth.  Sherlock was quivering in reaction and as John got to the pulse point and sucked in a deep love bite, Sherlock’s fingers dug into John’s hip and he shouted.
“I’m not officially a paid consultant and the DI was loath to call me in again after I provided him with the unvarnished truth about his incompetence.”
“I’m sure John would be happier to see you looking healthier than you do currently.”
“Oh no!  John, I was supposed to stir that compound at six precisely or it could ruin the whole experiment.  I’d better go back and do that.”
“Keep me informed, John.  I’m not so stupid as not to realise he’s following his own leads.”
Sherlock blushed.  "Did he also tell you how rude I can be?"
"You'd better."
“I don’t actually know which one is your room – from inside I mean – and I don’t even know your name.  I’m John Watson, by the way.”
Sherlock looked a bit surprised, both at the offer to assist from Greg and the proposal to make it official from Mycroft.  Maybe helping his brother this evening would prove more beneficial than he had anticipated.  Speaking of which he spied their quarry, Jenkins, entering through the lobby and raised his eyebrow at Mycroft who nodded.
I have printed off some of those photos we took on my phone over this last week and I’ve sent you some of me as you asked.  I’m not sure if they are suitable for public viewing, especially that one you took of me after you had done that thing with your tongue, it looks positively pornographic.  I have also printed off some for myself, even though I still have them to look at on my phone, too.  I’ve stuck some on my wall so I have a collage of you to enjoy whilst I’m laying here thinking of you and what you did to me.  They are certainly more pleasant than the usual images I have on my noticeboard when I’m working on a case, though no less interesting.  As you know from experience now, my work is very important to me.
“Why would he say it on a message if he didn’t mean it?  Here - listen to this.”
Sherlock blushed at that, but John continued on.
"John.  Long time no see.  What are you doing down here?"
“Colonel Sebastian Moran.  What on earth are you doing here?  I haven’t seen you since we were on our last tour.”
“Then don’t ask leading questions, Mr Lestrade.”  John joined in with Greg’s laughter and they made their way over to their dates for the evening in high spirits.
Sherlock sat and waited outside when John went in; trying to be patient but not succeeding very well if his fidgeting was any indication.  He knew this was important to John and didn't want him to be disappointed.  Sherlock had read the whole Agatha Christie book on the evening when he found out what the production was to be and he had obviously guessed the ending very early on.  It had been more interesting to him what character John would associate with.  He shouldn't have been surprised, of course, given John's military links and his helpful, 'can do' attitude that John had chosen Major Metcalf.
Something Good
“What?”
Sherlock’s other favourite position was when John sat at one end of the sofa and he would lie across the rest of it with his head in John’s lap.  John would always run his fingers through Sherlock’s dark curls and he found it so relaxing that he would often drop off to sleep.  John needn’t think that Sherlock hadn’t noticed that he often enticed him to adopt that position whenever he thought Sherlock had been without sleep for too long either.  He’d noticed; he just liked it so much that he willingly chose to do it and he certainly wasn’t acceding to manipulation in any way, whatsoever; so John could keep those little smirks to himself.  He’d noticed that, too, but chose to ignore it.
It was scintillating receiving your second call yesterday, you were lucky to get two so close together. Any time you can schedule another will be greatly appreciated, day or night, I will always answer you; you know I don’t sleep much anyway.
Mycroft heaved a sigh and pointed to the chair in front of his desk.
John loved children in general and would more than happily interact with them in small quantities.  Sarah’s special clinic, however, was an entire day filled with hundreds of the little buggers and they would all be in various stages of rebellion at receiving unwanted vaccinations and check-ups.  Unfortunately, he couldn’t see any way he could refuse as she was always obliging when he had to leave on a Sherlock-based emergency.  He text back to tell her that, of course, he would do it and hoped she felt better soon and to let him know if she needed anything.
"So I lay the decision at your feet, John.  You know how I feel about you now.  Might I enquire as to your own feelings in this matter?"
"How about I give you the film I brought with me for us to watch?  It's one of my favourites."
Of course you can call me yours, as I will call you mine.  There is definitely no-one else, nor will there be for me; you’re all I want or need.  I suppose I should warn you now that I am quite possessive and would wish to be the only person for you also, so if you don’t feel that is something you could do then please tell me now.
John blushed then took in a deep breath.  He wasn’t going to freak out now.  He’d wanted Sherlock for so long; even with no contact for all these years, he had never lost his love for this amazing man.  He cleared his throat, determined to get it all out this time.
Thank you for your sister’s contact details.  I would, indeed, very much like to meet up with you when you come home.  If you did not wish to avail yourself of her hospitality for the duration of your stay, you are more than welcome to stay with me.  It would give us a chance to become properly acquainted without interference or having to travel for short visits.  I only have occasional lectures, most of which I could easily miss as I am well ahead of my course schedule so I would be available for the whole week.
"That would work perfectly, thank you.”
“Sherlock, I just wanted to say that I’m sorry.  I was a complete idiot and I reacted really badly to something that wasn’t your fault.”
“That remains to be seen, but I will try.  Goodbye Martin.”
Sherlock sat up quickly, lifting his head from John’s lap where he had been lying.  “Really, John, are you ready for that?”
Sherlock was quite overcome by the host of sensations travelling through his body.  He could feel each breath John took and counted his sleeping respiration rate, matching it against that which he had measured last night.  John appeared to have settled into an even deeper sleep now than he had then, did that mean he was more relaxed now?  Did he draw extra comfort merely from being next to another body or was it being next to Sherlock’s body specifically?
“So, what is it you do, Sherlock?
John woke next as he felt a tickling of hair against his nose.  When he realised that the source of that hair was cradled within his arms he tried to quickly pull back before Sherlock awoke and thought he had taken liberties.  His arm was gripped tightly by the hand resting on it, though, so he stopped and listened to the low murmur.
“It’ll be fabulous; it’ll look so good on stage, and that light will be a perfect signal for Sherlock to start his speech.  Well done, both of you.”
“I suppose I could be persuaded to accommodate your smaller stature on this occasion.  Ow.” He laughed as he rubbed the shoulder that John had just punched.  “Come here, you.”
“I wonder whether he might not see things differently if he knew how you felt about him.”
“It was the name.”
“Yes, well, Sherlock and I will be having a serious conversation about what I should and shouldn’t be informed of when he gets back.  Thanks for your help, Billy.”
“You really shouldn’t say things like that or I might just take you up on it.”
"Well... I could show you my experiments now, if you'd like?"
Sherlock swirled his tongue around his mouth.  He really did have residue on his tongue.  He could taste and smell John all around him.  Sherlock smiled to himself.  They had had sex.  Sherlock had never felt so happy.  Everything he had ever wanted was coming true.  John had actually spent the night with him and they had been together.  Now maybe they could get rid of Mary and John could be his.
“We’ll do that a bit later.  Why don’t you just have a little sleep for now and hopefully when you wake up you’ll be a bit more sober.”
“For what?  You were the one who put me in there!”
“I think you'll find I can do exactly what I like.  What's more, I'll have you know that Sherlock is a better person than you will ever be in your whole life.  I hope you're prepared for a life of disappointment and boring mundanity as that is all you'll ever achieve.  Sherlock can, and will, do anything as he isn't ruled by your petty limitations.  Now, I think you'd probably like to apologise for the appalling way you have always treated him, wouldn't you, and I'm fairly sure, that it is not something you are ever going to do again."
“Right, Mr Watson.  We will implement a graduated learning system this evening to ensure full compliance and understanding of the composite materials in question, with a preferentially enhanced remuneration mechanism in operation.”
My regards for your continued safety.
"I should probably go then before anyone sees."
Sherlock bolted upright, “John, you have to come to my house.”
“Me, too.”
“Maybe that’s exactly what I am bargaining for.”  Sherlock tilted his head backwards and John stretched his neck forwards and they met for a warm, welcoming kiss in the middle.  Sherlock rubbed his arse against John again, and it started him moaning into the kiss at the pleasure.  “Can I try something?”
“It’s not a dirty word, you know, Mycroft.  99% of the population find it satisfying.”
“I’m only joking; I know there’s nothing worse.  I’d probably end up with a kick to the head if I even went near those elegant, but vigorously active, feet.”  John bent back to the drawer and put the feather away, allowing Sherlock to draw a sigh of relief.
“Well, yes, um…  thank you.”
John!
Sherlock and John went into the changing area, off the tack room, and quickly got their gear on.  John was pleased that they had something in his size, not knowing that Sherlock had ordered a riding outfit to be made specifically for him.  They were soon ready, and when they went out, both Mystery and King were saddled up ready for them.  The grooms holding each horse gave them a boost up and they trotted out of the stable yard, heading for the open paddock beyond.
Julian pulled a smile on his face but it didn’t look very genuine to John.  “Yes, the after piste is almost as much fun as the skiing.”
Saturday morning dawned bright and clear and sitting in the waiting room for the casting session found John projecting calm, but Sherlock knew John well enough that he could tell it was taking a lot to pull it off.  That bit of acting alone should get him the part, never mind his actual audition.  The Drama Club didn’t usually have an excessive number of members, just enough for the roles and minimal backstage and John was the third to be seen so he was quite pleased to be able to get his audition out of the way early.
Sherlock looked at John with his piercing eyes and then he opened his mouth to show John his teeth.  Whilst John watched he extended his canines to drop down to their biting position and then sat there allowing John to take it all in.
“You wouldn’t do that.  What John and I have is a pure, strong love and I think your occasional inclusion would only enhance the experience, not detract anything from it.  Don’t you agree, John?”
“Mycroft, stop.  I need a car now.  John is… I had to… I bit him Mycroft, I had to.  I couldn’t let him die.  I need you to get here before Lestrade and his team arrive and try to take John to the hospital or… the morgue.”
“John…?”
“You are the youngest of three, no, four children with a larger gap between you and your siblings, all girls, so you were spoiled by your father for being a much wanted boy.  He wanted you to follow in his footsteps and become a solicitor but you’ve always been more caring than that and, much like John, you wanted to go into medicine to help people so your mother stuck up for you and he let you have your own way.  Being spoiled hasn’t made you selfish though, in fact, you seem very easy going so you have obviously learned to tolerate teasing very well from your sisters, even letting them dress you up and play games with you when you were younger.”
Greg walked into their living room warily after being let in by Mrs Hudson.  John ushered him on to the sofa and turned to the drinks cupboard.
“It’s fine, John.  I won’t deny that I have been wishing for a little more of your attention, but I know you like to have friends.”
He woke up disorientated.  The light coming in through the window didn’t reveal his bedroom or even the living room which he was more used to seeing recently.  It took him a moment to remember that he was in Sherlock’s room, but what had woken him.  He didn’t think it was another nightmare because his heart wasn’t racing and he wasn’t sweaty as he usually was on those occasions.  Then he heard it again.  It sounded like the noise a phone made when it vibrated with a text.  Surely it couldn’t be Sherlock’s phone though; Mycroft must still have that as it hadn’t been returned to John.  It wasn’t John’s own phone.  He didn’t know the last time he’d seen it, but it certainly wouldn’t be in Sherlock’s room as this was the first time he’d been in here since... well, just since.
John smiled.  "I certainly did enough of them on that integrated bird house and table, didn't I, sir."
They took each other in hand and, as they stroked their shafts, they kissed their way across to where they could feel their partner’s blood pumping.  Sherlock pierced first and John shouted out before sinking his own fangs into Sherlock’s leg.  They both sucked the blood and needed only a couple of strokes each before they were coming over the other.
John could see the resignation in Mycroft’s face so he sat down and Mycroft pressed the buzzer through to Anthea.  He didn’t have to ask for anything, she knew what he wanted, and had it ready, just waiting for his signal.  She swiftly brought in the tea service and put it on the desk in front of him.  He nodded his thanks and began preparing two cups, making John’s exactly how he had it, without even asking, and passed it over.  He pushed the plate of biscuits towards John, too.
Sherlock took hold of John’s arm and led him out of the room, smirking down at Donovan as he passed her.  He loved it when John got all protective and rallied to his defence.  He nodded to Greg and then they were gone.
“Don’t be stupid, of course I knew it would be you.  Although you’ve taken long enough!”
John gave a small smile.  “I guess so.”
“The sooner you learn to resist the temptation the better.  Certainly, you’ll need to have it well under control before we go back to London with all those walking blood bags.”
He knew that Mycroft knew what he was planning and that he’d instructed his driver to be ready to drive Sherlock over to Baker Street so he only had one thing left to do.  He sat on the edge of his bed, took a deep breath and dialled John’s number.  He listened to the message again and started as soon as he heard the beep.
“Minor position, Sherlock.”
“There was nothing unnecessary about it; it was the simple truth.”
“What’s a secret, John?”
“Yes, I would like.  I’d like very much.”
John grinned and stood up.  He pulled down his trousers, leaving his underwear on, the material pulled tight clearly showing his erection underneath.  Sherlock bypassed that for the moment, loath as he was to drag his eyes away from it and he slid his hands down John’s legs.  He was right the hairs were delicately fine and soft and almost invisible in their blondness against the lightly tanned legs.
“Yes, we just said it would be nice.”
Sherlock came back and sat in front of John.  He leaned over the box in John's lap to give him a soft kiss.
John furthered his campaign.
All he had to look forward to was when the following Tuesday would roll around and he would have the evening with John.  On that morning, however, John stopped next to him on his way to class - hand in hand with Mary – and denied him even that small pleasure.
“You mean I’ll have to train it in to you.”  John grinned.  Sherlock detoured and led them to, what John later found out, was called the Morning Room which was the favourite sitting room of Sherlock’s mother.  There were two ladies - who could only be sisters - already ensconced having tea.
“Oh, bloody hell; do that again. Please.”
“I thought I would pay back your little visit to me?”
I’m glad you were pleased about the flat and thank you for the cheque.  I settled things with Mrs H and signed the lease.  Unfortunately, that also meant I had to deign to speak to my brother to release some money from my trust fund and counter sign for me as I am under 21.  Loath as I was to make contact it has provided us with our own flat so I even said thank you to him when he left, as I know you would have wanted me to.  The flat is furnished and I have already moved all my things in so it will be ready when you next come home.  Do you have things in storage that you would like me to get out for you or is it all with your sister? – In which case I will leave you to deal with her; once was enough.
Sherlock could easily tell what John was thinking and before he said no outright that he didn’t want to risk what they had, Sherlock butted in.
"You're confusing him, John.  Let me.  Lestrade, do you want to understand what happened earlier or not?"
"Behave!  Now get out of here, before I refuse to let you."
John lifted Sherlock's legs up onto his shoulders and pushed his way in to Sherlock in three stages until his balls were touching Sherlock's arse.  He paused there to allow Sherlock a moment to adjust and let out a long sigh at the sheer bliss of being buried deep inside Sherlock, the pressure tight and hot around his cock.  When Sherlock gave him a little nod John started moving, drawing almost completely out and then pushing in slowly again.  He did this a few times, changing his angle slightly each time until he brushed against Sherlock's prostate as he pushed in, making Sherlock shiver and moan.  John grinned down at him and did it again and again until Sherlock was a quivering mess underneath him just muttering his name as if he'd forgotten every other word in his head.
“Yes, well, Sherlock isn’t here right now and the sooner I can get to him the better, as far as I can see.  Do you think Moran will be at this club tonight?”
Sherlock knew something was up.  He had observed the little signs of excitement John had been giving off; signs he was happily getting quite used to seeing since they had become intimate.  He wasn’t sure quite what he had planned though so he let John have his moment and enjoyed the heightened anticipation.  There wasn’t anything he hadn’t liked so far and he was revelling in all the new sensations to which he was being introduced.
“Of course.  Why don’t you take him over there Sherlock and then you can introduce him round to all the family.”
John laughed.  "You sound just like the boy in the film.  It's about pirates, kidnapping, poisoning, sword fighting, fire swamps and torture."
18th December
“I’m sure he will be pleased after he gets over the shock.  It really comes through how much he admires you on the blog.”
“Umm… would you like me to… um, for you…?”
John looked gratefully at Sherlock and shoved his hands into the sleeves.  He looked like a child playing dress-up in his Dad’s clothes with the hem of the coat brushing the top of his shoes and the cuffs beyond the tips of his fingers.  Sherlock grinned at him and folded the sleeves back so skin was at least visible.
"Sure, that'd be great.  Which halls are you in?"
“John safe?”
Before Mrs Hudson could gather up the left-over pastry to roll another batch though, Sherlock grabbed the pieces and asked if he could make something with it.  She was happy to oblige as she already had two full trays of tarts for everyone to eat.  Sherlock filled his own tarts with jam using another flavour and made one with a different jam on each half which he declared would taste the best and was going to be his.  Mrs Hudson smiled at him fondly as she turned to put the first tray in the oven.
Sherlock smiled at John and left the room.  He had already decided that he would definitely be sleeping in his own bed that night but he would let John drop off first; no need to make him feel nervous when he clearly needed to sleep.
“I’m sure he’s not that bad, Sherlock.”
“Okay, Sherlock, I think you’ve made your point.”  John laughed and bent to kiss Sherlock on the nose.  “If you were querying my wording earlier when I said if you ‘seriously object’ to anything I would stop, that was what I was talking about.  Obviously, if there really is anything with which you are uncomfortable I will, of course, stop instantly.”
“It won’t be too much longer now and then I’ll be back and you can show me what you’ve been working on whilst I’ve been away.”
He blended in with a few people as they went past the entrance and made his way into his own room.  He locked the door and threw himself down on his bed, his arm over his closed eyes as he thought back over what had happened, saving the whole evening in to a new room he created especially in his memory palace.
They heard Mrs Hudson send Greg up followed by the sound of footsteps, slower than his usual dash but still determined so whatever decision he had made he was fairly sure of it.
Sherlock
Sherlock laughed as he ushered John into the bathroom and set the shower running.  They got in and cleaned themselves off, too recently spent to do anything more energetic.  They did manage plentiful smacks with fingers and flannels as they tried to outdo each other, however.  They eventually emerged clean and raring to go.
"Brilliant, we'll head back in the morning.  I'll just text Lestrade and see if he has anything for us when we arrive; might as well get straight back to it."
John blushed, thinking back to that time he had been at rugby practice and what had happened in the changing room afterwards.  He had had a couple of matches since then and Sherlock had been persuaded into attending, but as he’d openly admitted, he didn’t go for the rugby; he only went to watch John.
Sherlock swung his long leg behind Lestrade and pulled him back to lean against him and starting kissing his neck, his hands reaching round to undo Greg’s shirt buttons, allowing himself access to more skin with each one released.  At the feel of the lips on his neck, Greg groaned into John’s mouth which allowed John to slip his tongue into the opened mouth.  Greg reciprocated, chasing John’s tongue back into his own mouth, sliding his tongue around John’s teeth.  The tip caught on one of John’s razor sharp fangs and Greg pulled back at the moment of pain, raising his fingers to his mouth.
They started off at a steady pace, allowing them each to get used to each other.  Sherlock was pleased to note that John had a good seat, so he had no qualms about letting them have a bit of a gallop later, when they were warmed up.  They headed down to the perimeter lines so that Sherlock could show John the scope of the property.  They ambled pleasantly through the small wood, enjoying the calming, natural atmosphere under the trees.  When they reached the other side, they came out into a big piece of parkland.
He was at it again.  John looked to the dorm across from him and saw the tall, dark haired student pacing up and down, talking to a skull on his desk.  Well, he assumed that’s what he was doing.  Sometimes he would hold the skull up and gesticulate wildly, looking like a half-crazed Hamlet talking to his Yorick.  John always smiled to himself when he saw him heft the skull again and was reminded of that analogy.
He quietly listened to a couple more messages.  They were becoming weekly now as John was settling in to a routine.  His humour was also starting to pop up a little more here and there as he was slowly getting better.
“Right, well, that’s all the introductions out of the way.  Thanks everyone.  We’re quite a small team so I hope everyone will be happy to pitch in where needed and we can make this the best show possible.  It’s only going to be a short meeting today for the first one so how about we just do a couple of ice-breaker games to get to know each other and then we can start in with a proper read through on Sunday when we’ll have a bit more time to get things under way.”
Sherlock did it again and again, each time getting slightly easier for John; the glide becoming smoother and occasionally rubbing against his prostate.
“No, it’s true.  Which means that I am, too, in the order of things, I suppose.
“Only you would find swabbing used plates thrilling?”  Sherlock’s face dropped so John added, “No, that’s a lie; I’m finding the investigation exciting, too.  It’s great to see you so happy and completely in your element.”
“Yes, into my arm, not yours.  I wouldn’t do that unless you asked me to, though believe me you’d enjoy it if I did.”
“Hard?  You think that was hard?  I saw you die, Sherlock, that’s what you call bloody hard!  Having to live without you all this time, that was hard!”
“We actually have some family commitments this year so we couldn’t go anyway.”
“Openly is definitely how I like you.”  Sherlock smiled again and stepped closer to John, gazing down into his eyes.
11th June
“It would have been true if we hadn’t got to you when we did.  You would have bled out if you’d been left there any longer, or if they’d inflicted any other injuries upon you.  Let’s just be thankful for what we have and not push our luck, shall we?”
“He was after the last one of the snipers.  He said he’d already shut down two of them.  I don’t know how, he didn’t tell me anything about that.  He just asked me to find an address on this other guy.  He wanted me to watch this casino and then I was supposed to follow the bloke home and find out where he lived.  He was pretty hard to track though; it was almost as if he knew he was being followed.  I lost him twice when I tried so I got some of the others to help me and, third time lucky, we saw him going in to a house. We watched it for a couple of days to make sure it wasn’t just a one-off but he’s definitely living there.  I text Sherlock to give him the information but he hasn’t answered back yet.”
He had been diverted upon his arrival at the house into Mycroft’s study.  Sherlock’s brother was only four years older than John but it had always felt like a lifetime.  It certainly seemed a far greater gap than the three years that were between John and Sherlock, but whether that was due to the fact that they were younger when they met or that Mycroft was just mature beyond his years, John wasn’t sure.  Mycroft had graduated to university two years before everyone usually did and he already had a minor position in the British Government which provided him access to a scary personal assistant and his own chauffeur driven vehicle, and he appeared more grown up than John’s own parents.
Anderson, on the other hand, was a complete arse.  He mooched around after Sally, looking at her with doe eyes, clearly enamoured with her, though she could hardly be bothered with him most of the time.  Anderson had obviously only signed on to the production to be with Sally.  If what John had told Sherlock about the procedures of putting on a play was correct, then it seemed that Anderson was basically the lackey who did all the things she didn't want to, whilst allowing her to take the credit; and that was certainly something that Sherlock could see happening.
“Thank you, Gregory, that’s most generous of you to say,” Mycroft smiled at him, seeming shyly pleased at receiving such a compliment.   “I’m afraid neither Sherlock nor myself have really been interested in obtaining companionship before now so we thought we would engage a service to streamline the process.”
“Well, I suppose I should be getting back.  You know it’s not safe to leave him on his own for too long without a case.  I’ll probably get home to find half the kitchen blown away.”
"Oh God, no; I really want to try that, too.  I want to feel you all around me and... in me."
“Need you.  Now.”
John pulled back up to the head, sucking around it and pushing his tongue against the tip, teasing Sherlock and pulling deeper moans from him.  John ran his hand along Sherlock’s thigh and cupped his balls, feeling them harden and pull in tighter to Sherlock’s body.  His friend was very close and John could feel himself approaching the edge, too.  He slipped his free hand down into his own pants and as he swallowed Sherlock down deeply again, he stroked his own shaft in a matching rhythm.
