“It’s not your fault,” Steve replied, squeezing Tony’s hand slightly. He instantly felt guilty. Here he was worry about himself and he hadn’t even considered how Tony felt.
Mary commented, “From what you said, and what Ben told me, Peter sounds like he should be busy studying for a Doctorate in mechanical science not imagining what color his costume should be!”
She left the obvious unsaid. She couldn’t leave her home. All because the outside world finally figured out the connection between Peter and his father.
They must’ve been successful in killing the brat and that mad mercenary went back in time to change it!!
They took Steve out of the cold room and, as soon as he was in the warmer air, Steve inhaled a deep breath and let out an equally large sigh of relief.
It'd been a week since he and Tony had been admitted to the hospital. Steve was still a patient but he would be able to check out any day now. His arm was a heavy weight against his chest, sitting uselessly in a sling but Steve did not mind. The alternative would've been a burden he could not carry.
“It’s his soulmate’s tone,” Natasha murmured in explanation to everyone. A bittersweet smile crossed her face and she broke it by taking a bite of toast.
creepy tendrils move around his boyfriend and he asked, “Birthday? Who’s getting another year older?”
Hello! Another chapter as promised and I am still working on replying to comments! If I end up not replying to you I apologize! O: If I do not get to you, know I appreciate every comment! Thank you all for reading and for your kind words!
Steve stared grimly at his clenched fists and asked, “Are you sure you don't want me to go with you to SHIELD?”
Steve wanted to gather Tony in his arms and just hold him and feel his heart beat with life against Steve’s skin…but he merely smiled happily at the obviously grumpy, injured man.
“Shut up, punk,” he replied. Their rude nicknames for each other was one of the first things he remembered about Steve. He hoped he used it justly and from the corner of his eye he saw the other man smile again. James felt a fraction better.
“Sorry, Captain,” Bruce said somewhat morosely. “I’m just excited…He’s the only other human to survive gamma-radiation like me. There’s so much I can learn from him!”
In the commotion, Steve’s eyes were instantly drawn to Bruce. Even though he did not sit in the courtroom, the doctor still came to the courthouse as a sign of support as he had been doing throughout the trial. He must have followed the others when the civilians started to scream.
Steve closed his eyes and pictured Tony holding Peter as a toddler. The older man was smiling warmly at their son and it was one of the most fondest of his memories he had of the two together.
Steve automatically grasped Tony’s hand and leaned into his side. Tony held him tightly but didn’t look away from the screen as their past lives played out before them.
Steve picked Peter up, wrapping him in his quilt, and Peter continued to hold onto the slender gift from Clint. Steve said, “Then we are going to your labs right now!”
He had raised his voice a little too loud so had drawn the attention of the man behind the counter. Steve and Cable both backed off each other immediately and Cable even nodded to the man in a way to reassure him. He grabbed a basket and then grabbed Steve roughly by the arm and walked him down an aisle with chips and nuts.
“Wade, baby, you don’t know how happy I am to see you,” Peter gasped, trying to catch his breath. His left shoulder was busted and, with every heartbeat, its pain grew. Peter, however, was all eyes for his boyfriend.
“Kilian?” Steve questioned and the leader smirked in confirmation. Steve growled, “Why are you doing this, Kilian?”
He began to breathe faster and sharply as he tried to control the emotional storm that was brewing within him. He barely had it under control.
The last of his drink tasted sour as he swallowed it but Tony did not pinch his lips. Instead, he pinched his eyebrows and questioned, “What do you mean?”
He had Friday inform his parents of his late hours and she told him that they’d wait up for him. Peter grinned in response and couldn’t wait to tease his dad about his endearing interview.
Tony nodded and whispered, “She ended it with me when she became pregnant. She, Richard, and the rest of the Parker family cut off all ties with me and anything Stark… and raised my son as their own. I doubt he even knows I am his father.”
Tony did not let himself think. He locked onto Venom, charged his repulsors to maximum thrust in seconds, and shot himself straight at the symbiote.
When Steve could no longer see thanks to the flash of the cameras, they were led away from the photo zone and made their way to the entrance and through the remaining reporters.
Bruce shook his head and said, “No, this is the first time I have been home since SHIELD notified me that they found a gamma-radiated child.”
One of the three helicopters firing on the house suddenly exploded and Steve heard Tony murmur, “That’s one.”
Steve had been waiting for this day for years, but he wasn't ready. His chest compressed tightly with dread and he reached out to comfort Tony, but he flinched back. Steve closed his open hand and his other hand tightened on the doorframe.
It was at that moment when he was resting his eyes did Jarvis inform him, “Sir, I believe I have captured Master ‘Enigma’ on camera…there is a runner matching his build running ten miles south along Highway One.”
Peter's arms stayed wrapped around him, in fact, they tightened and Wade looked at Peter in surprise. Peter stated, "That was probably one of the worst confessions I have ever heard..." Wade's stomach dropped. Yup, he fucked this up. He knew he was going to fuck this up. "But..." Wade's eyes snapped over to Peter's as he continued, "Only the first half...the rest was perfect."
. Most supes would’ve retired or turned dark by this point. Your boy has this drive that’s a superpower in itself. He ain’t gonna lose you just because some people think you’re too ugly for him. He loves ya. You two are so in love it’s disgusting. You both reek of it. Peter thinks you two are ready for this press thing, right?”
“I’ll join you,” Natasha said as Pepper reached her side. Pepper paused as Natasha turned to Steve and said, “I’ll call you in the morning. You’ll probably have to go on half a dozen talk shows and be interviewed for just as many magazines and newspapers.”
“I can be in the Avengers?!” Peter gasped excitedly, all his sullen emotions about Hydra were immediately dashed.
The employees at the Tower thought it was an out power-breaker. Tony was the only one who knew how to operate the Tower’s arc reactor but, without Jarvis, the Tower employees had no way to contact Tony for help. In the meantime, they had been trying to get ahold of Pepper to contact Tony.
Bucky never before felt so torn in his life. On the one hand, there was Steve, his best friend and the last person on earth he could call family. He would do anything for Steve and he knew it’d be the same vice-versa. Keeping Steve alive had been his main goal in this war for Bucky.
When Peter woke up, he could tell he had been asleep for a long time but not long enough to refresh him. He felt extremely sluggish as he sat himself up and the pressure in his forehead foreshadowed the coming of an exceptionally bad migraine.
“Crap,” Peter muttered. He stuck the mask under a pillow to hide it and stabbed the needle into the cushion beside it. He got up and went to the front door. He flexed his fingers as he walked, getting rid of the stiffness from sewing.
“Aye, I want to know what troubles you, old friend,” Thor said, sitting at Heimdall’s feet on the bottom stair to his pedestal.
Steve smirked as he thought back to the night prior. Both of them had gone a few rounds, collapsed from exhaustion, and fell asleep almost instantly.
“Relax, Steve,” Tony whispered, his warm breath caressing the side of his neck. His hazel eyes bore into his gaze as Tony implored, “Touch me. Don’t make me do all the work.
“Then I will simply remind you that you’ll risk his life if you approach him. Stay away from him and he will be safe,” Cable stated.
“Yes, it’s just…” Bucky sighed and said, “I just wish my dream was really happening. I wish I could go back to that moment in time…”
Steve gently removed the Iron Man gauntlet from Tony’s undamaged left hand, his mind easily made up on what he needed to do because…because Tony was dying.
Since Steve had confronted her, neither Natasha nor Bucky brought up their old relationship. They also did not acknowledge each other’s presence and were rarely in the same room together. Since Bucky spent so much time with them, Peter rarely saw his aunt, hence his excitement.
Wade leaned forward and whispered to them, “In the future, Disney eventually is able to buy everyone out and we don’t pretend we live in separate universes.”
The secrets, Steve had been keeping for the last few weeks, spilled out of him. From what he’d seen of Tony so far, Steve still felt the older man had earned his trust with the few things he had managed to do for Steve in the short time he’d known him…he’d not only helped Steve slip away before his identity was discovered, but he was also getting some help for Solo too.
“Why don’t you lay down for a bit? We’ve got plenty of extra rooms here,” Peter offered, placing a gentle and on Eddie’s shoulder.
“The rest of the conversation contains sensitive information that could alter the future if heard by the persons present,” the AI warned.
He was assuming it was either a neighbor, a solicitor, or a preacher at his door so, when he looked through the peephole in his door, he was slightly surprised. Outside stood two men in dark shades and baseball caps.
“I’m hacking the cameras. I just need to see him. I have to know he is fine,” Tony replied without looking up.
Venom lunged forward as soon as he was close enough and tried to swallow the green beast. Yet, once again, Venom found himself being stopped. The green beast pushed him back with a growl and yelled, “YOU UNGRATEFUL BOY!”
“They’ll find out anyways,” he replied with a small shrug. “I just wanted everyone to know all the great you did too.”
She left the apartment to go to ballet practice without a word. He sat on the couch and didn’t move from it as he waited the hours it took for her to come back.
“Tony, please don’t do a surprise dance party for me and Natasha,” Steve sighed, knowing his boyfriend too well. “I can’t dance. I have never even tried and its slow dancing…It’s boring.” For a moment, his mind flashed back to his time with Peggy and their promised date. For a moment, he let himself regret the lost opportunity.
The world twirled around him like the inside of a kaleidoscope and Tony’s voice was fractured and spinning with the images in a grotesque combination of senses.
“Steve, please,” he replied. “And yes, I need to contact my commander. I am with the Army and I was on a mission.”
“We barely touched on what Peter should call Steve,” Tony groaned, wishing Steve was there. His new husband was currently on the floor below them doing his daily run on the treadmill in the gym. Friday had already informed him Steve was running twice as fast. The man was probably trying to run off his frustration of not being able to help Peter any more than he was already doing...
“I should ask Tony first,” Steve said. “He extended the invitation years ago and that was before Peter…”
, it’s not even a reputable news station! They’re ignoring the fact that she is clearly Norman Bates incarnate! Other news channels are picking up on it. They’re beginning to question the validity of her statements.
Tony snorted up his carbonated water and then laughed as Rhodes rolled his eyes. Tony chuckled, “He’s got a point! Venom was totally the alien from
His heart began to hammer in his chest as he heard May’s light footsteps cross her rickety wood flooring. She opened the door with a smile that fell almost as soon as her eyes took him in.
She didn’t need to look at her timer to know how much time she had left. She could see her timer in her mind, ticking away. Only two minutes remained.
“They took three bullets out of him. He was shot four times but one was a through and through.” Tony pauses, trying not to be sick at the thought. He concentrates on the bitter aftertaste of vending machine variety caffeine. “He woke up while they were working. They accounted for the serum with the anesthesia, but the internal bleeding, it’s—it’s harder to fix than they anticipated. Taking longer. Odds are still good but it’s going to be a while.”
Tony’s ears perk up outside of the kitchen when he comes down, the conversation between Steve and Peter stopping him short.
“I may have underestimated our son’s extraordinary willpower,” Tony says, muffled and barely remaining in consciousness, the companionship of his husband’s skin and scent lulling him toward sleep. “Not my fault. He gets it from you.”
“Oh, you’re so cute,” Cap says, like Peter’s two again, diaper thrown to the wind and getting handpaint prints all over himself and DUM-E’s charging station. Yes, the picture exists and still makes rounds at family holidays.
After folding one of Steve’s legs up against his chest, Tony works an arm underneath him. Holding him in a wrought-iron grip, Tony proceeds to fuck into Steve with dogged and unbound abandon. Deep and brutal thrusts slide over his prostate and light up every nerve-ending he has, hollowing his back.
“Thin walls,” Steve gasps, rattled by the flash of delicious pain-pleasure. “I’d rather not get arrested before basic, if it’s all the same to you.”
Steve sends him a look that says that he thinks Tony is sort of ridiculous but he zips at his mouth that’s biting back a grin.
Leaned in close and low-pitched, Steve is distracting. “And you?” He sweeps his nose against Tony’s, drags to Tony’s ear. His lips close around the lobe and makes the skin there hum. “You got any plans?”
in Steve’s veins. Peppered with would-be kisses, he says, “Okay, okay, so I’m not positive I’ll actually make it through this. You. Each time, it’s too, god, you are too fucking hot, Steve. Don’t want to take my hands off of you.” In a whisper, tucked away—though it doesn’t hide the depth of what he ends up saying—Tony admits, “Get me closer than anyone else ever has.”
. After a moment, he deflates where he sits, shrugs defeated. Quietly, mostly to himself Tony gathers, he continues, “And most days, I can’t tell what that is anymore.”
Even in this new life with its new laws, a day that Steve never thought he’d see—that he’s so thankful to witness—it still feels like fantasy. Something that he's not meant to be a part of.
Dispatching his shirt, and with a knowing smirk, Tony says, “Oh, Rogers, you delicious troublemaker. You were made for me, weren’t you?”
“Okay,” Steve says again, touching Tony’s elbow. “I said okay. It’s a good idea, and I miss New York. I want to go back home, Tony.”
“The kid’s not really a kid anymore.” Steve nods to where Peter is strategically stationed by the uncut cake with a plate of finger foods in hand. His on and off again with MJ is currently complicated and Steve will be there for him when he's ready to talk about it and seek comfort beyond bacon-wrapped shrimp. With chipmunk-cheeks, Peter gives them a thumbs up and Steve smiles back.
“I want the real reason,” Tony interrupts, already sick with what’s Steve got lined up. “None of these lies about not wanting to hurt me. I want the truth.”
Tony’s head snaps up because that sounds like it’s going somewhere, somewhere that has his fingers convulsing over his keyboard and creating a line of incoherent vowels and consonants in his document. That is at least until they’re interrupted by one of the students that he is assistant teaching, Scott Lang coming around the stacks like a sure-fire bet to ruin Tony’s day.
His fingers come away tacky because some things just never change. Nose flooded with the scent of sex, sweat, and freon, Steve thinks fondly of busted fire hydrants. And his mother wouldn’t be proud exactly, but he gives Tony a lopsided smile. “So how do you feel about a shower?”
Tony doesn’t hesitate in comforting him. He reaches out and takes Steve’s hand, holds it between his own, slips his fingers underneath the cuff of Steve’s coat and smoothes over the topographic map of his veins.
“That was fair.” Tony nods diplomatically. “Listen, I’ll help you with this. No worries.” When Steve’s brows rise to his hairline, Tony rolls his eyes. “Scale back your surprise, Rogers. Baking is essentially chemistry and my gingerbread people have never required dental surgery after eating so I’ve got that on you.”
In Wakanda, they rebuild each day. Each night, Steve curls a calloused and rough grip around his cock, stripping at it with punishing jerks, and for weeks straight, Steve strings together pathetic noises that are all for naught.
“Aw, dammit, Tony. Don’t,” Steve groans, belying the reprimand with the encouraging entanglement of his fingers in Tony’s hair that hold him in place, and the clamoring flex of his hips.
Tony counts to one-hundred to save them all the embarrassment and for a cover of his eavesdropping, he also pedals back down the hall a few steps. He fakes a small commotion. Mostly, Peter and Steve look none the wiser, just regard him curiously when he strolls in.
Anticipation welling up inside of him and threatening to spill over, Tony needs to be sure. “Are you potentially concussed? Any chance of that?”
Steve peers back and Tony is lost at sea, baptized in blue. “Um, two border collies, they’re both six. Brothers. And they’re rambunctious, to say the least. You mix that with shedding season and it’s an unparallelled disaster. I have to lint-roll between coffee and Good Morning America.”
“And go where exactly?” Steve asks, straightening up as Tony ferrets through their bags and then moonballs a tube of lubricant to the bed before going to take the lid off the ice bucket.
“That’s not it at all," Steve says. "You mean so much to Tony. More than you know. He hates what brought you here but he's happy having you around.”
“Nope. Just waiting on you, I guess.” Tony pulls his feet out of the walkspace and with that the guy shuffles into the row, legs brushing up against Tony’s knees; and then they’re nearly sharing the armrest, he’s so impossibly broad.
, didn’t I? Last year? Yeah, that’d be a terrible way to start things off, and I wouldn’t blame you if you never spoke to me again.”
“It sounds embarrassingly naive but I was hoping that we’d find him in time,” Tony confesses because while he’s glad that Steve enjoys his present, it feels so damn small and inadequate, and he doesn’t know how to care for someone without that in tow. That he just can’t get it right. He wants Steve to know he’s trying. “I wanted to find Barnes for you. Be able to hand you a progress report with actual progress at any rate. Place it in a Hallmark card or something.”
and it’s heartrendingly familiar. He’s reminded of Steve quiet and torn, pain fresh in his handsome features.
“Doesn’t matter. I was thinking that a shower would be nice but if you’ve got your heart set on getting to the bottom of this…”
“So he’s without credence because he’s not eclectic?” Rogers challenges. He’s got his brow raised and crosses his arms before him. Tony wonders again: does the man ever buy clothes in his size?
Tony hisses, chooses to go default and makes light of it. “See the thing is that I’m fond of keeping my head attached to the rest of my body and I’m terrified Natasha will rip it right off. She told me that I need to let you out on Saturdays, and I haven’t really made good on my promise.”
“And don’t worry. A little time with me and he’ll be snoring before he knows it.” Tony makes silly faces into Peter’s hands that are cupping his cheeks and squishing them like his favorite squeak-toy. “Won’t you? We’re gonna crush bedtime, aren’t we, kid? Make bedtime our you-know-what.”
Tony’s head-tilted laugh is a bright bark, his shoulders shaking. Once he recovers, he takes Steve by the jaw and quickly gives him a smacking kiss, replying, “Damn. You know me too well. I mean, it’s not like anyone would have
“Tony Stark is in my hospital room. The pink elephants would be less surprising,” Steve quips softly.
“And even if he is looking, he could have anyone,” Steve rolls on. “He could have anyone on the planet, and I’m just this kid from Brooklyn making his ma’s soup like a lovesick idiot. Why in the hell would he look at me?”
Steve loses time and absently recognizes its passage by the sweat and tears he blinks out of his half-lidded eyes; his hair curtains his vision, his gooseflesh covered forearms wobble, and his cock throbs. Indecent noises fill the bedroom, the point of Tony’s tongue fucking into him wetly and then the lewd, sharp sound of sucking intervening, and it buzzes Steve’s blood. Pockets of air punch out of him alongside Tony’s name, needy, strangled in his attempts to stay quiet.
“You’ve got pet hair all over your coat,” Tony notices aloud, interrupting him. He looks up at Steve, irrationally and desperately longing to know this about him. “You’ve never said. Why have you never said? What do you have?”
“And I’ve got the resources so,” Tony says, gestures vaguely, “whatever I can do to make it easier, I’ll do. Just ask.”
Christmas Eve is Tony willingly risking food poisoning because Steve landed on dessert when he spun the holiday assignment wheel and no one had the good sense to demand a re-spin.
“—it's all yours,’” Peter finishes in a long groan, raking his fingers down his face in abject misery.
Peter nods and they sit in a comfortable silence that stretches long enough for Steve to finish his sketch and for Peter to start the Steinbeck novel, dislike it and replace it with a printing of
Tony’s gaze falls over Steve and it’s the marrow in his bones, this knowledge that they’ll be alright in the end because he’s got the best partner in the business. Tony and Steve have had their fights, contentious middles where they diverged and took circuitous routes to only arrive back at the foundation of who they are and be reminded that they’re one and the same. They always will be. Very few things make more sense than Steve at his side.
“MJ, I think,” Dad answers, still confused. “Why? Do you know what it is? How do you know and I don’t know?”
“Thank you,” Steve says finally and those two words are the most tender that Tony’s ever heard him and what has always been an uncomplicated want shifts into something deeper, sentimental and burning between Tony’s belly and spine.
Smirking when he draws back, Tony quips with a wink, “I always did appreciate a fast learner. That’s just the tip of the iceberg. I’m so punny, right?”
Steve can’t deny Tony this, not after everything. Thanos isn’t the only one who took things away from Tony.
Steve dries his hands in a towel and turns to him, taking in the weary lines on Tony's face and the underneath of his eyes, smudged with his own case of sleeplessness. Filled with a tender ache, Steve strokes his thumb over the cut of Tony’s jaw and traces the dipping, somber curve of his mouth. “It never occured to me not to. You know that. He’s a good kid and I know how much he means to you.”
The team parades in and out of the communal kitchen while Steve works over the stove. Vision stops by with a quizzical tilt of his head, Nat comes through with a knowing smirk and bites into an apple with a crunch that needs no words, and when Rhodey pops in, he watches Steve for a solid twelve minutes before leaving with a firm nod. Wanda shyly suggests adding cayenne pepper.
A light sleeper, Steve shifts, lifting his head, and Tony knows the alarm clock is being eyed so he hides his face in the warm space between Steve’s shoulders with a fake snore. Not buying it, Steve says in sleep-rough disbelieving horror, “What in the world? Tony, it’s after three am.”
“Don’t need it,” Steve says, perfectly content. “Living this life with you and Peter, right here, it’s good enough for me.”
“No reason to apologize, it’s fine.” Steve offers what he hopes is a reassuring smile, setting down his drawing tablet. “This is the only place in the penthouse that Tony won’t set foot in. He can be very distracting. Even when he’s trying not to be. So it's the library. I wouldn't get anything done otherwise.”
Whispering, Tony adds, “We’re kind of in the same boat, then, because I like you a lotta ways. This isn’t bad timing, so that we’re clear. You could never be bad timing. Today’s forecast, however, is a high chance of me hacking right in your face during necking. So beware.”
Tony doesn’t say what he’s been meaning to say because he can’t physically say anything. The speeches he’s tried repeatedly to puzzle together to perfection have been vacuumed out by the clutch behind his ribs and Steve’s utterly boundless smile, that’s proud and, god,
him. With detail-oriented hands, he removes the rest of Tony’s clothing. They expertly—impatiently—discard Steve’s own. He then takes them for a lazy trip over Tony’s skin, seemingly enraptured from his kneel at Tony’s feet.
Steve is better about it, able to slip on the brave face after a nightmare he and Tony may as well be dream-sharing. He lets logic win out over his fear. Tony has a harder time disguising his worry and is taking the slow road to acceptance but his stomach no longer plunges when Peter falls dozens of feet before shooting off a web and pride blooms in him when Peter outsmarts a simulation—Tony's medical readouts are improving. And yes, Peter’s still anxious and stubborn but maybe the Steve-sounding voice in his head is right and some of that can be chalked up to hormones. That maybe Tony shouldn’t take it so personally because Peter is joking and smiling again and has more good days than bad.
“Readings show that it should be fine, but there’s no way to know with infallible certainty,” JARVIS comments. “Captain Rogers will have to be moved regardless, Sir. I am afraid that the serum will not work at a fast enough rate to combat his injuries without hasty assistance.”
Tony’s smile softens, looking similarly affected. “Not even in grainy black and white? Maybe a nickelodeon?”
“Oh, fuck me. Fu--” Tony says this and other half-formed things that are the barest of sounds, jerking into Steve’s fist as violently as he thrusts downward. He slams down twice more and spurts messily, a glob even catching Steve’s collarbone. He shudders over Steve in a quake before collapsing and slicking his come between them. His mouth seemingly dapples whatever skin he can reach.
“You should know that I’ve never done this before, is all,” Steve says, not particularly proud but not embarrassed either. He keeps his chin up, doesn’t flinch away from it. “Any of this. I’ve never had anyone up here, never had anyone touch me the way that you’re touching me. Tony, I don’t know--look, whatever you’re expecting, I can’t see myself being anything but short of it.”
“Barton.” The blonde gave a warning growl as he got into the driver’s seat and buckled in. Natasha and Tony also got into the car and buckled themselves in as Steve backed out of the parking space. “SHIELD HQ, right Tony?”
“Steve! Wait up! I’ll come with you.” Bruce jogged over. “Peggy has gone with the rest of the pack.”
“Just a busy day.” It wasn’t a lie, he had been very busy, just not so much with his projects, more with his new friend.
“I keep seeing blue eyes,” Tony spoke up after a few minutes of silence, Bruce was on the edge of dropping off before the omega’s statement caught his interest. “There’s an alpha I keep coming across… happened just last night and to summarise, he’s caught my interest.” There was a pause. “He is so hot. I wouldn’t mind sucking his dick.” Bruce’s eyes widened and made a strange choked noise that he played into the cough. “Nice butt too. One time another came to get him and called him Steve? I-I want a Steve. That Steve.”
“Yeah. Especially when you’re at home. You’re safe there. You should be able to be alone, to make a drink yourself and such.” Steve stood straight again. “But you leaving the house alone still worries me. As my mate, you are at risk of being attacked and kidnapped, and it’s happened once before. I can’t let it happen again, Tony.”
Tony had been trialling different designs all morning, trying to get them perfect. It had taken him longer than he would like to admit but he blames it on being out of the zone for too long.
Ever since they found Tony’s wallet, they didn’t have to worry about money. The omega was loaded. Steve felt bad about buying things with the omega’s money, but sleeping in the Quinjet wasn’t great for weeks on end and they had to buy food, find places to shower etc. Tony wouldn’t mind. He would want the pack to be looking after themselves. They needed to be in good condition to rescue him.
“Hello.” Steve crouched down, hoping to get the delta pup to look at him. “I’m Steve and I’m here to help.” Steve bit his lip. He hadn’t been around kids much. “What’s your name?”
“Deal. No backing out now, Banner. This is the real deal. We are going to have a good time.” Tony smirked.
Loki never really watched the movies, but still sat with the pack. Like Thor, he was a feline shifter, but he wasn’t a lion, he was a snow leopard. Snow leopards were known for being solitary while the rest of the pack were shifters who were naturally sociable. Loki often did things alone, but still occasionally hung around the pack when it mattered, which the whole pack was grateful for.
“Get out,” Steve repeated, opening the front door, Tony watching from behind the living room door. Steve gripped the dark-haired alpha as he was about to leave and let out a low growl. “And if you ever, and I mean ever, talk to my mate or any of my pack like that again, you will be coming out of this house in a body bag.”
The alpha wolf stood as if he was challenged by another alpha and at this moment, any shifter would second guess Tony’s omega status as he stared down the alpha, refusing to move and have the alpha try to control him. Bruce had heard the commotion and had hurriedly made his way over to the two, hoping to defuse the situation before it got any worse.
The delta shook his head at the doctor. “No. His mate, you know, Tony? He’s missing. We were hoping we could get some information from here but no luck.”
Just before the trio managed to get inside, Tony felt a hand around his wrist before it was pulling him away from the other two.
Clint cancelled the episode of Rick and Morty, causing Thor to pout as the delta scrolled through his Netflix list to put on the movie. Tony smiled, playing with Steve’s fingers as the movie began, the tale of the ring began. They were around forty minutes in when there was a knock at the door, Clint pausing the movie to get up and answer.
"I'm sorry but you really do look unwell. But of course, I can look after DIEGO.” The delta replied, looking over at the bot. “You shouldn’t have come in today.”
“Oh, yeah, sure let’s go.” Steve nodded, looking over at his two packmates before walking towards the elevator and pressing the button, waiting for either of the two to open first.
“Oh, Brooke! Hi!” Tony smiled, adjusting in his seat as more of the fragments of last night’s memory fell into place. “Brooke, this is Pepper, my best friend. Pepper, this is Brooke. We met last night.”
Tony let out a groan as Steve stepped into the room, putting down his mug. This was going to be fun.
Reasoning: I debated giving Natasha an alpha title, but I didn’t want too many alphas in the pack. I also didn’t want her to be higher than Bucky, just because Steve and Bucky have been friends for so long. I wanted the red not only because it’s her hair colour, but I have a fox soft toy called Natasha and wanted something similar but without her being a different species. I did think about her being something different because she’s Russian, but I went with a wolf in the end. Also, her fur is similar to Clint because, murder twins. Why not?
“He asked me to leave it with Agent Hill, so of course she wanted to go through it right there and then. It took forever! This is why we need a new internet provider, so I don’t have to come here and have my ear chewed off by Hill!” Clint threw his hands in the air dramatically, looking away from his redhead friend and over to his alpha. “He wasn’t done with the omega we retrieved last night.” Steve caught onto the last part of Clint’s statement.
The strawberry-blonde left her office and took the elevator down to the first floor. Her heels clicked against the floor as she speed-walked to Tony’s lab. She had only been there one other time but she had a good memory and could remember the way there.
The omega struggled to find time to spend with Pepper, she was busy most of the time with her work with SHIELD, but they planned to go to lunch together on Sunday. He also hadn’t met alone else that he felt he could become close to. A new friend, especially one Bruce knew, would be fine.
“Come on, beautiful, don’t resist it.” The alpha grabbed Tony’s hips, pulling the omega close to him so his crotch was rubbing against the omega’s bum.
Over the course of that time, the two omegas got to know one another very well. They shared everything from family and friends to favourite movies and if pineapple on pizza was a crime or not. Tony was glad that they both agreed it was. Tony knew that there was no way he could handle this without Fire. Although she was crazy, she kept him sane.
“Just left my boxes by the door, I’ll take them to whatever room I’m being put in after dinner I guess,” Tony replied.
Last night both of them came come smelling of omega, which wasn’t uncommon if they were sent on an omega rescue mission, but this was different. The smell of this omega was something else to Steve. It wasn’t very strong, it would have faded after dropping off the omega and their scents would have begun to take over, but he could smell it as soon as they stepped through the door. The alpha had come across quite a few omegas because of SHIELD but none sparked his interest. That was until last night, when the two-pack members returned home in the early hours of the morning, around 3 am. Steve stayed awake after sending the pair out, just in case they needed him for whatever reason. He knew that they wouldn’t, they were professionals after all and it was always risky sending out an alpha on an omega rescue mission. As soon as they walked through the door the alpha wolf got a strong whiff of a sweet-smelling omega and rushed over to them, sniffing around them. It wasn’t unusual for an alpha wolf to react to an omega wolf’s scent in such a way, but Steve had never been so intrigued by a scent before. This was something new, something different and exciting and he needed to know more. The agents just shrugged it off, this wasn’t the first time Steve had sniffed around him after helping an omega, but he did hang around longer than usual.
Pushing the door open, he made his way into the room, chucking the card onto the desk in the room before placing his coffee on the nightstand. He didn’t take in the room that much earlier. It was a studio apartment. The room was open-planned with a bedroom, living space and a kitchen. There was a room just left to his bed, he assumed the bathroom. The omega made his way over to the kitchen area, deciding to inspect it now he had the time. It had the basics, cooker, fridge-freezer, toaster, kettle and a small range of cupboards and draws. Agent Coulson had informed him that everything had been stocked with the basics for now, but he would need to buy anything else himself. Going over to the living area and picking up his bag from the sofa, Tony grabbed the TV remote before heading for his bed.
“Do… Do you want it to be my room?” Steve asked hesitantly, glancing at the omega. Tony stopped in his tracks, making the alpha do the same. Tony’s eyes softened as he looked at the blonde, the alpha looking so nervous and un-alpha like.
Tony was stunned “R-Rhodey?” The omega slipped off the barstool, tugging at the older alpha’s arm to get him off Tyler and to pull him into an embrace.
“You’ve been spending time with a friend. He’s not going to hate you. If anything, he’ll blame me for dragging you out again.”
“I never was a good hunter.” Tony huffed, sitting down as Steve walked over to him. “I didn’t get trained after I failed my first training hunt.”
“Oh, so you finally admit that running across the pitch in a cheerleading outfit and pompoms was a regret.” Rhodey began to laugh.
“I said I would spend lunch with Loki today. It is approaching noon and I would like to be washed and changed before then.”
Tony threw his hands up in the air in frustration. “Fuck it.” He grabbed the bottle aiming it away from them both so he could open the bottle slowly, so the contents didn’t spill out. “We’re drinking it from the bottle.”
“We probably won’t see him at all today.” Natasha looked up to Tony before going back to her book. “He probably had his morning run and has gone up to his room again.” Tony’s eyebrows furrowed as he tried to think why Steve would be hiding. “It’s the anniversary of the day he and Bucky lost their previous pack.”
“Voice activation required,” JARVIS repeated, the pad flashing brighter. The pack all looked towards Bruce who just shrugged a little before looking at Clint. The scientist had no part in making this.
“Let me help.” Bruce had calmed down by now and picked up the tie before turning to face the pouting omega. “Smile, Tony.”
Everyone ate whilst watching the movie, Steve and Thor took everyone’s trays into the kitchen while the movie continued to play. Thor also ended up on the sofa, Tony lying across him, Clint and Bruce. His head was in Clint’s lap, his middle on Thor and legs and feet curled up on Bruce. He had no idea how it happened, but it did, and he didn’t mind it at all. It was weird for the omega to feel this way, but he was happy and content which worried him deep down, but Tony made a mental note to talk about it to his therapist in their next appointment. Tony didn’t know how Steve was holding up, and he was waiting for the blonde to say anything, but he never did. Tony bit his lip to hold back his smile, looking around the room at everyone who had their eyes glued to the screen where Frodo had wandered into the woods and came across Boromir. The omega let out a yawn, eyes closing with a soft smile.
The omega turned to face Steve once more, seeing him now in his wolf form. The golden wolf turned to face Tony, his tail wagging as he jumped up and down.
“No! I just, I don’t want you to freak out. But I believe you deserve to know. I don’t think it’s very fair for me not to tell you this, and it’s been killing me for a while because I want to tell you, but I am so nervous to tell you. You don’t have to say it back if it’s too soon, even though some people do because they feel bad. I really don’t want you to do that if you don’t feel the same, don’t take pity on me, please. Be honest. I know you care about me but I-”
“Tony’s definitely not going to want to see Steve’s bedroom now.” Sam laughed, causing Clint and Bucky to do the same.
“What kind of jobs do you-” the wolf was cut off from finishing his sentence from a knock at the door and a head poking in.
“And how exactly do you know me?” Tony asked, playing with his watch. His father had always wanted to hide his son’s omega status to all those that didn’t know him. Though he never admitted it, Tony knew his father was ashamed to have an omega son. A powerful alpha, like his father who deserved better. Obadiah reminded him that every day.
“We left him for ten days and I doubt he’s eaten or slept much. He’s drunk, installed JARVIS, locked us out of our own home and created a flying robot army and has given them all weird names. One of them is named after Steve.” The beta pointed at the blonde wolf.
As soon as he got into the car the omega let out a sigh. He really should tell Steve where he was going. Tony looked down at his watch.
Reasoning: I had originally planned for Dr Strange to be in book two only and to hint at him in book one. But I decided to squeeze him in the last chapter of book one, instead of a random doctor. It’s changed a tiny bit of the story, but nothing major. Steve will also become very jealous of Dr Strange too. I honestly don’t know why he has this coat colour, I just liked this picture of the wolf.
“Oh, and Mr Stark, I suggest not being late for any future meetings.” The agent called as Tony began to walk away.
Reasoning: I needed another alpha male that could make Steve jealous. While I planned to bring in Dr Strange, later on, I needed one that wasn’t Rhodey to make him jealous. While Steve suppresses his jealously for Tyler at the moment, it won’t always be like that. I also decided for him to be twins with Brooke for more jealousy reasons. His fur is similar to his own hair.
“Of course I’m going to worry about it Tony, you can tell me anything.” The alpha shifted, moving back from Tony so the omega could roll onto his back, letting the blonde look down at him.
“It’s not that much different from your usual quinjet,” Clint said, flipping some switches, frowning when the lights didn’t turn on as supposed to.
Tony let out a soft sigh but smiled fondly, letting Steve clean his cut and patch it up. Tony looked to the left, Steve sighing when the omega turned his head, out of the quinjet window to the building that he had been kept in for three months now. The building that was on fire. Tony turned to the right, Steve let out another sigh as he still tried to patch up the omega. Tony watched as Agent Coulson talked to Wanda and Pietro. He’d probably be asking them to stay at SHIELD like he once did to him. That didn’t sit well with the brunette. He needed to make sure they would be okay.
“You think any of the other ‘engineers’ around here would be able to do that? So, it only comes back to you and you don’t have any other metal pieces flying at your ass.”
Reasoning: Adding in deltas was a last-minute decision. I just wanted to break up the pack rankings a bit more. I didn’t want too many alphas or deltas, and I wanted different characters to be on different levels of rankings. Deltas are basically a lower-ranking beta. I wanted Clint to be lower down than Natasha and Bucky, but without making them alphas or him an omega, hence why I added deltas. I thought about adding gammas too (lower than deltas, higher than omegas) but I went off it in the end. I honestly don’t know why I chose this coat for Clint, I just really loved the wolf and I was like “Clint, there you go”.
“Please. I need this.” Tony begged, going up on his tiptoes so he could lean over the desk, trying to peer at the computer screen. "I'm desperate."
“And you don’t think I was when I was out walking and suddenly felt I was being watched?” The omega turned to face Steve, anger starting to settle in. He was trying to keep calm, but it wasn’t working. Tony hated being lied to.
Tony nodded in response and got up, taking Steve’s hand once the alpha had stood too. They walked back to the house and through the back door, picking up on chatter coming from the living room. Tony looked up at Steve, who only shrugged before leading the omega to the room. Everyone turned their heads as the two wolves walked into the room.
Tony spun around, growling up at the dark-haired male. The omega looked tiny whilst standing in front of the alpha, he was around half a foot taller than him, and poked a finger on the man’s chest with each word he spoke, his face fierce. “You. Don’t. Touch. Me.”
“I wouldn’t mind if you come back for dinner or something too... It would be nice.” The blonde gave a shy smile before going back inside to get his car keys.
“I just remembered I was going to go annoy Loki.” Clint also left, leaving Tony and Steve alone in the room.
“That’s not fair! You’re biased!” The archer threw his hands in the air but climbed into the back nevertheless.
“Peggy. I’m sorry. I’m glad I ran into you actually. Well, I didn’t plan to literally run into you, but I needed to find you.” The brunette gave Steve a look. “Right, rambling. Tony is missing. We’re going to find him and was wondering if we could get some help from SHIELD.”
Pepper gave Tony a kiss on the cheek and ran a hand through his hair. “Please do this. You deserve to be happy.”
Sam growled but didn’t move. Clint sent a reassuring smile to the wolf, letting him know it would be okay. They’d get out of this.
“Too late.” Tony pressed the button, standing up as Aerosmith’s ‘I Don’t Want to Miss a Thing’ started to play. “Come on Stevie.” The omega held out a hand, Steve taking it nervously as he stood.
"No, you guys get out of here. I'm going to finish this off." Tony turned to face Sam and Clint. "You look after them, I'm going to find Steve and make sure HYDRA doesn't get away with this."
The archer had caught the attention of a few other pack mates. Bucky and Sam had poked their heads out from the living room to give a wave and a hello. Bruce could hear the tv on, they were most likely watching a movie together. The pair were close, though they often showed it in a funny way. The scientist wasn’t sure if the pair was anything more than friends, but it wasn’t his place to try and find out. Just as Clint left to go outside, Steve had made is way over, having come from the kitchen and sniffed around his packmate.
Brock looked at Steve in utter disbelief, still expecting the blonde to stick up for him. As if Steve would put Brock before his mate.
“Steve’s getting sexted again.” Bucky burst out laughing at his alpha’s red face as each text appeared on the alpha's screen.
The alpha made his way downstairs, waving at Bucky and Sam who had just come back from a mission and grabbed his keys. Making his way to one of the few cars the packed owned, he unlocked it and climbed in. He buckled in and started the car before making the twenty-minute drive to Aurora’s. Steve parked the car next to the club and started to walk into the nearest part of the woodland. He picked up Clint’s scent quickly considering the alpha hadn’t shifted and it had started to get stronger as he moved closer. Steve got out his phone, calling Clint’s number again, thankful when the delta picked up.
Tony let out a laugh, leaning back into the alpha. “I did. Thank you, Steve.” It was the best birthday he had in years.
alpha and the omega hasn’t quite wrapped his head around it. He had befriended three of the members of The Avengers Pack and developed a major crush on their alpha and had got to cuddle with him last night. He had known about the famous pack a few years back when he was in his own. They had formed around five years ago and were known for being a highly successful pack that helped shifters and took down troublesome packs.
The omega hadn’t had another panic attack since. Yes, he worried on occasion and he thought he was going to wake up one day and Steve would hate him, the pack would turn on him and the friendships he had made with the pack, Bruce, Clint and Natasha especially would all just disappear into nothing. But he would talk to his therapist about these worries and he would fight them head-on. The Avengers Pack wasn’t The Stark Pack. Steve wasn’t Obadiah.
It had almost been three weeks since Tony had gone missing and no matter how many HYDRA bases they took down, no matter how much they searched, they hadn’t had a single lead on finding the omega and it was driving Steve crazy.
As her lips were connected with his, she gently slipped his gun from his grasp. He did not fight her for possession of the weapon. In fact, he was glad she took it. It made him a fraction less dangerous.
Peter lay beside him and they both smiled shyly at each other. Peter slipped his hand into Wade’s and asked, “The lube?”
Steve leaned heavily into the wall to help support his weight as he kneeled down to kiss him. Tony’s hands dug into Steve’s neck and he pressed himself into his soulmate, wanting to physically show Steve how much he
“Good, now send me a suit and tell them I will right behind them,” Tony stated and unfroze the screen. It was a view from a different camera but it was still pointed at Steve’s face.
“Master Parker has had all A’s in all subject since Elementary School. He has above average intelligence and excels in the sciences. He graduated from Midtown High last year, would you like to see his graduation photo?”
Tony didn’t like being alone anymore. He’d grown used to the close company of people with his months in the Commandos. He had also been desperate to be with these two people all that time that he didn’t want to leave their sides just yet, even when he was dealing with this emotionally traumatic personal shit.
Tony held up a thumbs up and Steve smile stretched a little wider. Tony, he discovered, was not a morning person but it was really cute.
Steve bit the inside of his cheek and rode his bike into the shadows of the garage. He bypassed the Tower’s employee and visitor parking and made his way to the lower level where the Avenger’s and the larger collection of Tony’s vehicles were located.
“This century’s views are swayed by media opinion. If the overall media think you two are fake, then the rest of the world will too. And you two don’t want to try to live in a world that thinks your entire relationship is a sham especially since you’ll both undoubtedly be pubic figures. We need to be careful about this, especially once they find out who Steve really is.”
He’d arrived around the same time as one of his fellow interns, Eddie Brock, and he took one look at the gathered crowd and announced, “Okay, this is
It was a side of Tony, Steve rarely saw. Tony was totally content while working and his face was serene. Whenever things worked the way he wanted, Tony smiled like he never saw him do before, biting down on his bottom lip as he grinned as if he was trying to smother a childish giggle of excitement. It was radiant and filled with joy. Whenever something went wrong, he jutted out his lower lip, like Peter would whenever he wanted ice cream, and mumbled to himself until he found some sort of answer.
Happy rounded the corner of the car, walking backwards towards the driver’s side door, and stated, “I’ll be on the southwest corner, except for every hour and half hour marker. I'll be making a sweep then.”
A gunshot sounded down that hall, clear and distinct. It was immediately followed by five more and then only silence reverberated down the hall.
Bruce nodded and did as he asked. Brock’s face became more illuminated as multiple screens opened up in front of him.
Tony had discovered a tiny coffee cart in a niche hidden away in the courthouse the day after he had testified and he dragged Steve to it after his session. The barista, Gary, always greeted him with a wide smile and had their drinks waiting and ready for them.
It was before he knew Steve or the fact that he was alive…it was when Tony was when alone and was trying to fill the empty space in his heart with distractions. It was before how happy he knew he could be…before he shot Steve in the chest.
Bruce was at the controls, flying for the first time out of the simulator. Their usual pilots were Clint and Natasha but, at the moment, they were sitting together with Clint anxiously wringing his hands and Natasha whispering comforting things to him. Thor flew alongside them outside.
“At least I could hide behind a mask in those,” Steve said. SHIELD gave him a change of clothes to look more presentable but it wasn’t his old, gaudy uniform (thank God) but a nice, two piece suit. Steve had already removed the tie as it felt too tight around his throat and left it on his seat in the limo. Steve inhaled deeply and turned to Natasha to ask, “Wish me luck?”
“Take me to the ground, Tony, you and Thor should be able to handle the ones in the air,” Steve murmured to his husband.
Coulson chuckled and stated, “You know it…” They only spoke for a little longer. He asked her about the mission for Fury and she revealed what she could.
“Uh…Steve?” He offered but he was not sure if he should give his real last name or the fake one Tony made for him. Had Tony mentioned him to her? If not, were they going to keep it a secret from her?
Peter grinned, noticing his unwavering stare, and crawled onto the bed. As soon as Peter was close enough, Wade ran his fingers over him, starting at his arms and then going to his back. Peter fell into him, kissing him wildly.
Tony had left the door to the bathroom open but the shower was behind the door so Steve could not see him. Yet his mind went wild and he imagined Tony under the water and all the grime slipping off his skin. Steve gulped, his throat suddenly dry and all his bravado gone. He silently walked across the room and paused at the threshold of the bathroom.
Whatever the reason, he clearly couldn’t save Bucky anymore. Tony had to save Steve from this grisly fate as Hydra’s puppet but…
Bruce scoffed, “I doubt it. I walked in on you and Steve countless times. It can’t get any worse than that.”
Steve pushed himself out of the chair with mighty groan. Ice crackled as it was separated from his body where Steve and the chair had fused through the frozen substance. He moved stiffly, his muscles were still hard, not wanting to move.
He could not sleep. The precious content feeling he got whenever Tony was by his side was gone and was replaced by a horrible, acidic burning deep in his abdomen. To distract himself, he thought of what he would say to Tony in the morning. He spent hours on it and came up with countless speeches and apologies he would make to him.
“…I don’t think I can go on saving others when I could not save the one person who mattered,” Steve whispered without meeting the Director’s eyes. “You once told me you had people who would gladly take up my mantle. Well, I am gladly giving it up to them.”
In between Steve’s shoulder blades, Tony inhaled the clean smell of soap which lingered on his flesh from their earlier shower. He whispered into his skin, “Not taking any chances.”
Hello, everyone! I’m sorry for the long hiatus. Since I last posted, I had been badly injured in a car accident and then my brother survived the Las Vegas shooting. Needless to say, my family and I went through a lot of emotional upheaval and I’m just now getting back to my writing.
”I’m alright!” Wade yelled as he tried to assure him but Steve used his superior strength and pushed the man down.
So it wasn’t really that much of a surprise when, without meaning to, he fell asleep into one of the most deep and content sleeps he ever had.
They started kissing in the kitchen, but, as their kisses became less chaste, they rolled against the walls and eventually made their way to Natasha’s bedroom. They fell onto her bed kissing, touching, and laughing.
With his fingers digging into the cement floor, Steve picked himself up and pressed a soft kiss onto the Red Skull’s boot.
He collapsed onto his cot in the corner of the lab and, thanks to a heavy dosage of sleeping pills, fell into a restless sleep.
Tony smirked at the pair and then walked over. He ran a gentle hand over the toddler’s back, gently pet his soft hair, and then, as he pulled away, he promptly flicked Bucky’s nose. Bucky swung at him but Tony dodged him, muffling his mouth to not make any noise and hold back his laughter. If Bucky hadn’t been wary of waking Peter, he would have gotten him, instead he flipped Tony off and closed his eyes again. Tony sparred the two one last warm smile before heading back into the direction of his workshop.
He missed her passion for life. Her eyes were sparkling with excitement and she was smiling at him for the first time in years. Granted, her smile was bloody, but it was directed at him and her lips were puffy from his punch and he could almost pretend it was not from the hit but from being kissed.
“I am now,” Wade replied truthfully as he leaned into Peter’s hand, enjoying the feel of his warmth sinking into his skin. Peter smiled warmly at him and the butterflies in Wade’s stomach fluttered happily. He quirked his lips and added, “More than fine…”
He backed up until he hit the opposite wall, and then slid down its surface. His arms pooled into his lap and he finally looked down at his implant. He let out a strangled cry that almost sounded inhuman and then his face fell into his hands and he sobbed.
to Steve. Tony smiled sweetly at him and lightly kissed his cheek before moving his hands down to Steve’s shoulders and then grasped his hands.
of him,” Steve chuckled bitterly at the irony. “I’m sorry. I wouldn’t make for a good dinner partner. You go on without me…I’ll be fine.”
Several minutes later, Steve was leaning into Tony’s side, holding his hand, and they traded off talking as they told Marston how they fell in love. It was the same one they told Bucky and Marston and the rest of the audience were totally enraptured by their story.
DUM-E tugged on Steve’s hand, pulling him away from Tony. Steve stood and asked the robot, with dancing eyes, “Do you want to take me somewhere?”
Fury was at Cable’s side in moments. They greeted each other with tough nods and then Fury started to talk to him, probably giving him an update on the situation.
Despite Bruce’s arguments, as soon as Venom reappeared, Steve planned to offer himself to the symbiote and save their son.
I love you most of all.” Steve poked the tip of Peter’s nose upon his last statement and Peter scrunched it with a cocky grin similar to the one Tony wore and the warmth in his chest grew.
“Years…Decades…Probably long after I’m gone,” Tony said. He cupped Steve’s face and stared at it as he whispered, “I’ve been imagining how I would apologize if that was the case…I’d probably make a video. I’d apologize for hurting him and apologize for taking years of his life again…and then…then I’d tell him that I’d always love him.” His eyes started to blur again but he ignored them as he huskily continued, “I’d tell him that I would love him till the day I died. I would probably complain about how I originally did not want to fall in love because I didn’t want him to leave me like everyone else did
The future was unwritten and Steve could not wait to fill the gaps in with the man at his side whether it be more kisses or words of love.
Steve spun around to go to the Hulk Room but moved to fast and lost his vision for a second as his mind spun.
Tony shook his head and tapped quickly at one of the holograms. He stated, “After Loki’s attack, I reinforced the tower. I got the best of everything, including the best glass money could buy. The pentagon is actually installing it in their windows next year…no normal bullet can go through that ten inches of reinforced glass! And what are the chances, out of the hundreds of windows, that it would hit the same room we were in?!”
Tony turned away from the hologram and cupped his mouth to muffle the small cry of anguish that broke free.
As Tony finished his food, Steve threw the dirty bath water out of the window and then set the tub outside for one of the quartermaster’s men to pick up. He then stripped to his underthings and slipped into the side of the bed closest to the door.
Tony sat down on the bed and kicked off his shoes. Steve also toed off his shoes but never stopped staring down at Tony. He was mesmerized by the warmth of his gaze. Steve also felt like he was in a dream. This was too perfect.
Tony did not notice the exchange as he seemed to finally notice the toy he had been clutching. He tucked it relevantly into the crook in his arm before looking back to Steve and Bruce.
Natasha needed no more encouragement and he heard the screech from the scepter as it broke through the shield and destroy the mechanism holding open the portal.
Tony smiled warmly at his son and murmured, “I’m happy for you two, Peter. Wade clearly cares for you…sorry for being such a jerk about it in the beginning…”
He took off the glove on his left hand and she saw the real reason why he did not have the implant on his left arm. His left arm was not flesh but metal…robotic.
Their experiment sunk to the bottom of the beaker, a mass of thick sludge that was barely discernable in VENOM’s dark liquid.
All of Peter’s fears and trepidations disappeared upon their statements. A surge of energy raced through his body and he could no longer stand still.
Steve looked from the end of the gun barrels and then to the men who pointed them at him and then glared at them.
“Steve! Good, now we can get to business! I already told Tony that we have to put a hold on the honeymoon,” Pepper stated. “Also, what is your stance on adopting Peter? The public will see all of you as a more stable family unit if you adopt him. And how do you feel about doing some interviews in a few days?”
Natasha watched their landing on the top balcony to Stark’s tower and kept an eye on the two men until they disappeared into the building.
“We are not going to compare our children,” he stated. “We are discussing whether or not they are responsible enough for such a powerful secret.”
"I have briefings for both of you. There is a situation that may warrant the Avengers' call to action. That will include use of your consultation, Stark."
!” Steve gasped and grasped his flailing hands. Steve cupped his face and begged, “Don’t move. Please, don’t move. You’re safe!
He picked up his head and his super soldier smiled sweetly at him. Tony leaned in and kissed Steve gently.
“Oh ye of little faith,” Tony murmured. He started dancing on his toes again and lightly punched him again. “C’mon, baby, weren’t you going to teach me some new moves?”
“I’m sure you’ll see eye-to-eye soon,” Steve assured him but Tony just noncommittedly shrugged in response.
He wanted to save his son but he still feared death. He closed his eyes tightly and was struck with the memory of his near-death experience in the artic decades prior. He shuddered as he remembered his muscles hardening and freezing and that icy water burning his insides as it filled his lungs. It had been slow and torturous.
Peter shot Steve a grateful look and smiled at him. The jealousy monster immediately reared its ugly horns within Tony. He wished Peter would look at him with such trust.
Tony pulled at the belt to his robe until he completely removed it from Steve’s robe. Steve stood still as the robe shifted but it remained in relatively the same position thanks to his damp skin. Tony snapped back the belt and threw it somewhere behind him. Steve did not see where it landed. He was drawn into Tony’s gaze and was locked in. He couldn’t look away from Tony’s voracious gaze.
advert a national catastrophe and saved the ‘damsel’ in distress, so he has to be one of us now” Sam stated with a smirk.
“The sooner the better,” Tony darkly murmured, already imagining the meal and the death glares he was going to shoot at the mercenary.
Bruce flushed slightly and explained, “It’s…It’s spider hair, well it’s not limited to spiders specifically, other insects and geckos and such have it as well, but Peter has it too! It’s how he is able to crawl on the walls! The hairs are not like ours, the bristles create a kind of magnetic attraction with nearby particles so he could, in Peter’s terms, ‘stick’ to the walls!”
Bucky seemed confused by his exclamation but still slowly murmured, “…I am a little nauseated, my head aches, and my muscles are fatigued, but that is normal when leaving the cryostasis chamber. It will go away in a few hours.”
He twitched when he was nervous and he was nervous about seeing his son with Wade. The last time had been a disaster and he didn’t want to fuck it up again.
The third leaned over and played the video for him. They had zoomed in, filtered the static, and cleaned up the image. It was not crisp but there was no denying the square jaw, blond, blue eyed man. It was Captain Rogers. He had a rough stubble that usually wasn’t seen in his propaganda films but it was definitely him.
Venom blinked in surprise and regarded Steve, looking to see if he were telling the truth. Venom eventually stated, “I must feed. If you bond with me, you must give me proper nutrition…If you don’t I will return to my intended host.”
He found himself staring at her whenever she wasn’t looking. She was beautiful. He didn’t think he’d seen another being so beautiful and lethal all at once. She was a quick learner too and he felt pride in her whenever she surpassed her next level.
Steve’s composure broke and he pulled Tony into a tight embrace as he gasped, “Thank God, you’re back!”
Eddie nodded. Venom did it. There was nothing more for Eddie…He was back to being his weak self. The power he once had the symbiote was lost to him forever.
Tony looked down at Steve as the man remained unmoved by the commotion and took his phone out of his pocket as he asked, “J, what was that?”
“Actually, believe it or not, I have never been to the Met and have always wanted to go there,” Steve replied as he brushed some hair off Tony’s forehead.
He never searched for familiar characteristics with father before because he never once considered the fact that they might not be related. He had always assumed his dark hair and hazel eyes came from one of his deceased grandparents...
Steve felt sick seeing Tony like this. Steve could survive this. His serum protected him from many mortal injuries. But Tony…his Tony…was so
There was another long pause as Peter spoke at length and Steve's face grew expressionless. Tony recognized that face. Steve was hiding his emotions behind a mask of his own blank face. It was worse than seeing him pale or urgent...It told Tony, Steve was trying to protect him from something painful.
Steve never felt stronger than he did at that moment but he also never felt as hungry. Despite these developments, his bond with Venom was imperfect.
“Tony…I can see that both of you are hurting and I can tell that something was going on between the two of you…something most may have found improper,” Peggy stated, and Tony’s hands clenched. “I do not mean to alarm you,” Peggy assured him. “I won’t turn you or Steve in. I don’t think it is anyone’s business what you two get up to…yet, I can’t stand by when both of you are so obviously hurting. Steve won’t tell me anything but maybe you –.”
“Tell you what,” Steve murmured into his hair. “How about I fall asleep first so, when you fall asleep, it’ll be just like old times.”
Steve bit down on his lip to hold back his laughter and took a deep breath as he said, “Where did you come up with that one, Baby Doll?”
He went into a sort of desperate trance and hours passed. His muscles ached from staying in the same position for so long but he watched until he was broken from his stupor by a sharp snore.
Peter wasn’t convinced but he didn’t push his friend anymore on the subject and instead offered to indirectly help him by suggesting, “Let’s go sit down in the corner. We haven’t really talked since…well…you know.”
Steve grinned and couldn’t hold back the slight blush that flushed his cheeks. As Bucky opened the door, he stated, “This sounds like the plot to a really weird H.G. Wells novel.”
Before Steve could reflect on how he should be touching Tony, Tony dipped his head and circled Steve’s nipple with the tip of his tongue. Steve’s hands immediately went flying to Tony’s scalp and he carded his fingers into his hair. Tony nipped at his hardening nipple and Steve shuddered. Tony and his nipple. Steve’s mind was blown by the combination. He never factored such a combination nor how amazing it would feel. He never thought men could feel such sensations there. Tony moved over to his other nipple and paid it just as much loving attention.
Peter still held Wade, but he reached out to Steve and lightly grasped his arm. He whispered, “Thank you for coming out here. If you two were just engaged that means it’s the same day you were reunited right?”
Peter jolted to a stop and his entire being seemed to roar to life in protest. The hair stood on end on his skin and his blood froze.
Steve surged forward and stopped the metal doors from closing. He paused as the 1940s sentiments instantly cropped up. It made him want to smother the emotions that were welling up inside him. He had to remind himself what century he was in then embrace the emotions and say what he really wanted to say.
people. In a million years, he would never suspect them to turn on him and, with them, the rest of the public at large. And Tony knew, Steve, with his huge, caring heart, would be crushed by the negative backlash.
Steve expected Tony to protest but, after a few steps, Tony seemed to give up walking all together. The time traveler then moaned, “I feel sick.”
Steve’s eyes were closed and Tony felt like all the horrors he thought were gone were all jumping out of the shadows all at once. He forced Steve up into a sitting position and Steve hunched over in his hold.
“Let me give you the tour,” Wade said, leaning into Peter with his chin resting on Peter’s shoulder.
Steve flinched and his stomach clenched uncomfortably. He kept his gaze down, unable to meet Tony's eyes. Steve whispered, "...He did not force me. I just... gave in."
“Codenames are different,” Clint explained. “My codename is Hawkeye and will always be Hawkeye…It’s our only connection we have to ourselves. Our everyday names may change but we will always have our codename…Did you really have another codename, Nat?”
Tony had once confessed to him that one of the hardest things Tony could give to a person was his trust. Obadiah Stane had been like a father to Tony and, after he tried to kill Tony, Tony could never open his heart as easily to others again.
Steve handed him the coffee and his other hand slid from his stomach to hook onto his hip as soon as he was sitting upright. Steve murmured, “I love you too, Honey. Sleep well?”
Tony was still concerned for him but still felt a little happier by the fact that Steve was clearly heading straight to him. He also found it hilarious that his stubbornness in getting to Tony was foiling SHIELD at every turn.
“You two were a little stiff up there,” Pepper stated. “Some noticed but most are attributing it to the trauma of forcibly being ousted…Twitter has already tweeted a formal apology and supports you two in your relationship and your stance in the accusation…Where did Tony go?”
“Whoops,” he mumbled then threw back his head as he took another shot straight from the bottle of vodka. He put down the vodka bottle on top of the bench then slid off, keeping one hand on the bench to keep steady. He bent down and reached out to where the scotch bottle had rolled. The bottle had emptied a good portion of its contents but he could still see a few more glassfuls of the amber liquid through the clear glass. He leaned forward too far and his fingers broke away from the bench.
In the helicarrier, Tony let Fury settle what to do with the Norse gods and went in search of Bruce. He was in the lab, right where he left him.
Bucky came to an immediate halt then slid down the wall. Steve watched him warily as he slowly turned toward him. Bucky looked ragged. His hair was long and greasy, he had an uneven shave like he did it without a mirror, he was dirtier than Tony after a three day binge in his workshop, and his eyes were wild.
He did nothing for his red gloves and simply bunched them into a crunchy ball and stuffed them in his pocket. He snapped out the top half of his uniform and worked at ice in the tough fabric until the fabric was able to move again.
Tony wanted to launch himself into the air and actively deny Pepper’s words but, merely standing upright made him dizzy and he doubted he could operate the suit much longer.
“I know this is horrible,” Steve whispered. “I may no longer exist in life, but I am still here, with you, in your dreams.”
Steve bit down on his lip and wordlessly cuddled the man closer to his chest as ran his fingers through Tony’s hair.
“It’s beautiful,” Steve whispered and Tony hummed in agreement. Steve continued, “We should do this more…just sit back and enjoy the world. I feel like all we do is hide away from it when we aren’t saving it.”
“Well, I was wondering if you wanted to take the long way back? The moon is full tonight and it's pleasant outside…” Steve’s words trailed off and his cheeks were lightly flushed. “It’s a nice night and it’d be a shame to enjoy it alone.”
“That’s gonna be one of the first things I do when I get back to Brooklyn, buy a decent cup of joe,” Bucky stated. "There's this Colombian grocer who sells the best coffee in the early morning down the block from our old place...Remember him, Steve? He had the best stuff this side of the East River..."
He got to Central Park with a few minutes to spare. Steve leapt from the quinjet and Clint landed several meters away to draw attention away from Steve. He dusted himself after his landing and then made his way to the more populated areas of the park.
Peter appeared at that moment and his son's eyes narrowed. He announced, “You don't have to put a hold on your life because of me.”
Steve finally looked to his soulmate and Tony smiled sadly at him. He whispered, “You are not worthless to me, Steve. You are my soulmate, remember? You’re my other half and without you I’d be…incomplete …practically empty. And it’s destroying me to see you like this. What can I do to make it better?”
Tony paused halfway up the stairs and pulled Steve close as he murmured, “If you slept elsewhere I’d be fairly heartbroken.”
Stark couldn’t – no – he wouldn’t, he…Norman’s mind worked it out and he realized Stark saw no other option. Norman confirmed for the other man that his son was gone and now nothing was holding him back from killing the beast he thought destroyed the boy he had adopted. He was really going to kill Venom.
But it was not too hard of a concept for him to embrace. He could see himself marrying Tony one day.
Tony continued, “My dad says that you’re my soulmate if we share dreams. He says I can only dream if you’re also dreaming…He doesn’t believe that I dream as soon as I go to sleep…that there’s never darkness. Dad says that it is ‘virt-virtually impossible.’” Tony struggled with the larger words. He had obviously imitated whatever his father had said. Tony continued, “He says there are nights where you are awake or I am awake so I should have experienced some darkness. He doesn't think you’re real. He said you should be my age so you must be an ima-imaginary friend I made up…”
They went on a Wednesday and in the early afternoon when most were in school or at work. Steve’s memorial had been built near the World War II Memorial and overlooked the Lincoln Memorial Reflecting Pool. It was a quiet day with very few visitors milling around. They stood off to the side until Steve’s memorial was empty. Bucky led the way and stood in front of it, staring at the sculpted image of Steve’s face.
Peggy was still there and she rushed over to them, gasping, “I sent a medic his way! Did he not reach him?”
The steel she had originally seen in his cold eyes buckled. He stepped back from her, lowered his gun, and pulled back the arm of his coat on his right arm.
Tony’s heart stupidly beat faster. He knew Steve meant it but it still had made him irrevocably happy to hear. Tony gently cupped his hands around Steve’s neck and whispered, “I know. These last couple of weeks…they were the worst in my life. I felt lonely before I met you and totally crushed when you were gone because…because you are my love
She tactfully avoided his question but Peter’s head shot up and he gasped, “If this is ‘the worst’ then what else is there??”
The whimpering dwindled to a stop and Steve sighed gently to himself. He didn't know how long he had with his soulmate but right there and then he swore to himself he’d make every day special.
World War II nonetheless. Metals like iron and aluminum had to be rationed during the war so how in the hell did he get so much Vibranium??
The couple tried to be a part of their son’s school experience the best they could. Every morning they woke up early, had breakfast with the rest of the Avengers, made Peter lunch, and then took one of Tony’s more discreet cars to the Parkers. From there, Ben drove Peter to the local kindergarten. SHIELD had doctored Peter’s records so the school thought the deceased Mary and Richard Parker were Peter’s parents and his aunt and uncle were now his guardians.
He sent a similar text to his dad saying: ‘Just saw the invite. You are a dork. You and Pepper will never make my invites again.’
“He’s calling me Pops,” Steve retorted with a bright smile. He quickly pecked Tony's lips in return and then slipped out of his hold.
Tony clutched his heart and the light instantly went out in his chest. His scared eyes met Steve’s and then his hands slipped from Steve as he fell.
Wade suggested, “How about my place?” He then kissed Peter’s neck and his hands dug into his waist, leaving little to the imagination what Wade had planned to do with him there. He whispered into Peter’s ear, “We can pick up where we left off this morning…”
Tony beamed and replied, “I will tell him!” He moved a piece on the board and murmured to himself, “I
And Steve would be lying if he would say he hadn’t considered it… but if they ever did… that emotional aspect of their relationship they’d both been denying, well, they wouldn’t be able to deny it anymore. So Steve only watched and fantasized secretly within his mind.
Tony met his lips with a chuckle and they fell back onto the couch, smiling and kissing without a care in the world.
If Tyler hadn’t been so obsessed with him, she wouldn’t have had a mental breakdown in the bathroom and broken the mirror, she wouldn’t have taken one of the shards and used it on Tony…
Tony smiled sadly at him and ran his hand through Peter’s hair. His eyes flickered to the elevator beyond him then back to Peter. He whispered, “Don’t go. Stay. We don’t have to talk about this anymore...but you don’t have to be alone anymore either. You're right. Our gifts aren't something that shouldn't be ignored...but neither are our relationships...Pete, I can't ignore this anymore. I can't ignore you now that I have met you.”
“No,” Steve gasped aloud to the symbiote. He clutched his head and gasped, “Just give me more time! Let me find the food,
“With every passing hour, the chances of Mr. Stark remaining sober was dwindling,” the AI explained.
“They’re all the co-presidents of the ‘We hate Spidey’ club,” Wade retorted, stepping closer to Peter.
Venom let go of his throat and Peter inhaled deeply through his nose as Venom still hadn’t let go of his mouth. He felt dizzy from lack of oxygen.
“The real question here is, where are your clothes??” The stranger countered instead. He suddenly cupped both cheeks and gasped, “Oh my God!! I can see
“Most believe the North Star is the brightest star but it isn’t. The brightest isn’t even in either one of the dippers. It’s right…over…there.” Tony pointed but there were too many bright stars to pinpoint the brightest.
Fury nodded to himself. The two men were together. An interesting development and beneficial knowledge as well.
It was mentioning his brother that stopped him. Hulk retained some semblance of Bruce’s memories so he knew Peter to be Gamma-radiated too. He always saw Peter as his little brother and was very protective of him.
Peter looked down at the table with a frown then looked back up to Steve. He stated, “But if Aunt Tasha and Uncle Bucky love each other shouldn’t they be together?”
“They’ll send an intern over as soon as they’re ready,” Pepper admonished, sounding more amused than annoyed.
Steve could not sleep the night before the trial. He lay in his bed as stiff as a board and his eyes wide open and staring at the ceiling. Even with Tony curled into his side, he could not relax. Nerves got the better of him and all the he could think about was all the horrible things that could go wrong.
He put up a few posters, had a closet with clothes, a desk with a computer and notes from the lab scattered throughout. It had been designed by professionals before he moved in and relics from the designer’s flair could be seen in the rug, the random portrait of a close up of lizard scales, and the modern headboard for his bed. It was his home away from home but…it currently felt confining.
“But I did not reciprocate, even though I thought you were gone. Your death made me realize how much more important you are to me…I choose you, Tony. No matter what, it’s you.”
“It could work but I wouldn’t announce the engagement until the marriage itself because otherwise the public will think it’s a whirlwind of a romance,” Natasha stated. “Even if you claimed to have dated in secret, they won’t believe it with Stark’s history.”
“I’m shaving this thing off so I can kiss every inch of your face,” Tony murmured, pushing himself up slightly.
The vast difference this time from all those other mornings was that he woke with his lover at his side.
Tony leaned into Steve’s side, resting his head on his shoulder, and teased, “I wanted to be just as romantic. It’s not every day that a super soldier from another century crosses the entire country because he loves you, you know?”
Tony could barely believe it but…he was in the middle of a very active Hydra base that was no longer dead because…because he was no longer in his era.
“Sticky?” Steve asked, grasping one of Peter’s hands to feel the texture, it felt normal. The only time he could remember his hands feeling sticky was when they were covered in jelly.
Steve felt no worry in the battle. He knew the outcome. He went through the motions and eventually the Red Skull disappeared and only one thing was left to Steve…
They sat next to each other at the kitchen table, with the team surrounding them on both sides. He put his hand on Steve’s thigh and would sometimes move his fingers closer to the inner seam just to feel his muscles flex beneath his hand. Steve put his hand over his, encouraging him to stay and continue.
“Thank you,” Peter replied gratefully. The older woman slipped away and Peter sank back onto the stool with a light sigh. He closed his eyes and willed the sugar out of his body to feel better.
“I can’t tell yet. I need to run some more tests but if the Goblin really did make this then he had to have had a huge facility to properly use the gamma-radiation. Maybe there we can find out Venom’s origins and how to separate it from Peter and you.”
“I don’t know if Pops told you but I have this power to sense when something bad is going to happen to me and it’s going off right
Tony turned back to Steve with his wily grin in place. Steve returned the smile warmly and somewhat embarrassedly. Tony’s eyes took in Steve: his torn clothing, his sweat coated skin, and the dirt that had collected on him from sitting on the ground. He was probably uncomfortable with Tony sitting on top of him and with his shoulders pressed into the cinderblocks.
Peter was happy. He could tell by the way he smiled and threw himself into his laughter. He loved seeing this side to his baby boy. He wanted to see such unbridled joy in him every day.
Since Bucky had never fallen to his death in this timeline, he was by Steve’s side when he went racing after the plane with the Red Skull. Bucky was the one who tried to pilot the plane while Steve and the Red Skull fought. Steve disappeared with the Red Skull in the portal that had been opened by the Tesseract, seemingly dying with him.
, Steve,” Bruce gasped, looking more wide awake than he had for the last week. “You are the love of his life! Y-You’re like the sun to him! Are you really going to take the light out of Tony’s life??”
“I promise to not show a soul…my picture however…” Tony opened the near-nude photo Steve had taken of him earlier and quickly sent it to the team’s group messaging. Steve groaned and murmured something incomprehensible about social norms into his shoulder.
When they were both devoid of shirts, Steve put a single hand on Tony’s chest and pushed him down. Tony laid back, flexing his arms over his head, and wrapping his legs around Steve’s waist.
“Alright!” Clint exclaimed and held out his hand for a high-five. Peter slapped his hand excitedly in response.
Bruce lightly touched his shoulder and whispered his name but Tony ignored him. He stared at Steve instead and tried to come up with another way to wake him but was coming up with nothing.
Tony woke under his touch. He scrunched his nose then beadily opened his eyes. His gaze did not seem to focus on him until he blinked a few times.
. He had missed out on so much of his son’s life already and there was no way in hell he was going to sit back and watch it end before it really began.
Again, it was felt throughout the world but most passed it off as a random shiver or mild irritant. Goosebumps rose all over Steve’s skin and he looked uneasily over his shoulder. His gut was telling him something had happened but all his eyes showed him nothing was amiss in the camp.
Tony grinned victoriously and grabbed Steve by the scruff of his apron and dragged him down. Tony’s lips met his and…oh. It was different. It was…nice. It was not like the passionate kiss they had shared prior. This kiss was gentle and soft. Tony cradled the side of Steve’s face with one hand and gently kissed his lips, lapping at them like a cat drinking water.
Tony pulled the phone away and kept admiring the accidental picture. He stated, “But it captured my favorite part of you!”
Neither of them made a move to do so at first. They both lazily grinned and then Tony bent over him and lightly kissed him.
Howard leapt from his kneeling position and countered, “And you’ll learn all your genius from those of us from this era, you little whipper-snapper! Don’t worry. I’ll take care of everything! In the meantime, you get some rest like Dr. Jones ordered. I’ll be back in time to wake you for dinner!”
When they pulled into the Avenger’s parking area, Bruce, Thor, and Coulson were waiting by the elevator. Peter was sitting in Bruce’s arm and was sucking on his thumb.
His eyes were watering and his vision was blurred. His gaze remained on the paperwork strewed at his feet and he blinked a few times, planning on meeting Cable’s eyes with a clearer gaze…
“I’ve got a nuke coming in and it’s going to blow in less than a minute,” Tony stated and Steve’s breath caught in his throat. They shot a nuclear bomb at New York?! Tony continued, “And I know just where to put it…”
Stark rolled his eyes and sarcastically grunted, “Intellectual curiosity?” With a glare leveled at him, Stark rephrased, “I just wanted to know about the shield! Steve’s shield had been made from a huge amount of Vibranium and I was wondering if my father had somehow made a formula! That was all until Steve came into the picture!” Stark saw the disbelief in Fury’s expression so he added, “Just ask Coulson! I told him all of this too!”
“I take it we have you to thank for this,” Pepper wetly laughed. Tony did not wholly let go of Steve but he did turn to his friend. She must’ve followed him up the stairs as she was right there and was smiling at the both of them with tears in her eyes.
Peter’s body was still pulsating with adrenaline from the fight and he stared at her limp form in shock. He almost didn’t believe it had happened because that was not how it worked. Venom did as he imagined and he did not imagine this.
Steve flushed and stubbornly argued, “Maybe, and I’ve heard hate for fruits but I’ve heard more hate towards anyone who wasn’t white or Christian and we’ve both got neighbors who are such and they’re happy!” Steve stared morosely at the sandwich in his hands and mumbled, “I understand if you don’t like it but…I just want to find someone too…even…”
Remembering Steve’s words, he paralleled it with the feeling of exploring new territory. It was all new but it was an exciting adventure. Sure, there might be some places may be scary or unknown but he had a drive to keep exploring. He wanted to learn more about what he and Wade were creating and he wanted to go further.
“Before we begin…Do you just want to decide now what we do so we don’t surprise each other? Maybe lay down some ground rules?” Tony suggested.
He was hurt, angry, and he and Tony were easy to bat heads. Usually though their fights were how a battle was handled not on the wellbeing of their son. Their prides were not on the line in this fight but their very hearts.
Tony frowned, not liking Steve’s way of thinking. He was giving up too easily and…Tony may know the future was bleak for Steve but Steve didn’t know. He should live his life believing he could one day fall in love and not be afraid. Even Tony, with his one night stands and numerous flirtations, still believed that one day he’d find
5/2 EDIT: Inspiration struck as I was writing the last paragraphs and have been thinking over it all day and, after reading your comments, have decided to go with my inspiration and write that part 2! However, I still haven't outlined it yet so I have no definitive date as to when I will start posting.
Steve covertly looked Tony over. Other than a few cuts and bruises he seemed fine but he was still in the clothes he was wearing in the cave so he probably hadn’t received a proper medical check up yet. Steve murmured, “You’re napping right now, aren’t you?”
“That settles it, this is going to be our wedding dan-dance,” Tony stated the last bit uncertainly. Steve stopped and peered down at Tony. It was not a proposal but it was talk of a future they never discussed. He knew many couples did it but they never broached on it before. Steve had never even considered it. He knew that men could get married now but just dating Tony alone was revolutionary to him, marriage was mind-blowing.
The only people who had known Steve was his soulmate were his parents and Jarvis (the butler and AI) and neither parent believed him and, as it was, they were all dead. Everyone just assumed Tony never had a soulmate and no one usually asked about it because they didn’t want to hurt his feelings…
Tony was too much of a coward to step forward and right it. It was done and Tony’s heart couldn’t take anymore.
They injected him with something that made him feel weak and dizzy, but it didn’t totally incapacitate him. He swung out at the person hovering over him and sent the dark figure flying through the opposite wall.
His excitement was instantly subdued. He remembered the one stipulation Venom gave him and he instantly missed his fathers enormously.
Bucky finally gasped, “St-Stevie?” His gaze dropped and he wetly laughed, “What – What the hell are you wearing??”
Harry flinched when his eyes landed on him. Harry clenched his fists and asked, “I’m sorry to disturb you, b-but can you come see something in m-my room?”
Steve shook his head and retorted, “I am dead. There’s no changing that. You will find someone, alive, and you’ll fall in love and start a family and…”
A man with a black eye patch and trench coat distanced himself from the others and called out, “At ease, soldier!” He walked up to Steve and said, “Look I’m sorry about that little show back there-.”
He saw Steve’s eyes get a little wider and Tony’s heart constricted a little more. Oh, this was going to be tough. Maybe this was too soon. Maybe he should have given Steve a few days to recover.
A hologram appeared above Tony’s workstation. At first, the screen glowed white but then it flickered with an image and a brunette appeared on screen.
Either way, the Captain thought he had lost someone close to him. Was the reason he was unresponsive?
Steve’s stomach curled its acid painfully in his stomach. He was comparing them in his mind without meaning to, as if looking for the best match. There was no contest. He was with Tony. Tony was his boyfriend. Steve cherished him and all he did for both him and Peter. It was Tony who was sitting by his side right now, not Bucky. It was Tony holding his son, not Bucky. It was Tony who had helped protect Peter, not Bucky. It was Tony who he loved and Bucky…Bucky was once his best friend and, ultimately, a different man than the one he remembered.
Tony shook his head. His hands were already beginning to tremble so Steve could literally feel him breaking. Tony gasped, “You left. You didn’t want to be near me. I wasn’t going to be petty by using it as an excuse.”
Tony smirked and said, “So I not only beat the Winter Solider in the war of love but I totally pulverized him?”
innocent people. Peter was never going to be a superhero now, not even a supervillain…he was simply a monster.
The Winter Soldier stared at her, sizing her up, and nodded to himself. He turned around and walked to the other side of the roof. He pointed down and said, “He’s here.”
He let himself consider the possibility that Steve was dead and, for the first time in his life, he was able to feel that essence that most must have equated to a soul because he felt like it was being torn to shreds at the thought of losing Steve in such a way.
Rhodes, Pepper, and Happy came next. Happy was pushed in a wheelchair by Pepper and Tony ran to them as soon as they came in. He hugged all three but hugged Happy the longest. He had just recently woken up from his coma and it still created unabashed joy in Tony to see him awake. Peter greeted Happy similarly and made Happy let Peter sit on his lap as Pepper wheeled him the rest of the way in.
Tony winced. Steve had clearly not fully forgiven him yet. Tony leaned forward until his head was pressed against Steve's stomach and Steve wrapped his arms around Tony’s head in an odd embrace. Tony wound his arms around Steve’s waist tightly and whispered, “I’m sorry for that. I’m so sorry, Steve…I know this probably sounds empty to you right now but…I promise it will never happen again. I promise…” He bit down on his lip and then also swore, “And…And I’ll…I’ll give Wade his chance…it’s the least I can do for Peter…”
To Tony’s absolute delight, Steve pounced on him and Tony wound his arms around Steve’s neck and kissed him with as much fervor as Steve did.
He knelt in front of Natasha and kissed Peter gently on the forehead. Touching his son calmed him down slightly.
“You are not permitted on the premises,” Jarvis’s familiar voice warned. “The authorities have been notified.”
“Ok, Wilson and Coulson have yet to put theirs in. Get out of there now. I’m going to have to let it go as soon as the last one is in!”
He was trying to ignore the amount of time that was passing them by and the fact that Steve had suffered a debilitating injury and was in the hands of a known killer. He kept telling himself that his super soldier would survive because any other outcome was just unacceptable.
Clint drew away and hissed, “You should have told me! And don't give me any of that level seven bull! You are my handler! You…You were - I thought I was responsible for your death.”
Steve took the bait and kissed that same lip. He then whispered into his mouth, “Being that I find you more beautiful every day I see you, yes, I think I would…”
Wade squeaked in fear and quickly slipped off Peter. Peter moaned in frustration and glared at his boyfriend.
“Your allies did not escape from the battle unscathed,” Heimdall replied and turned his golden gaze to Midgard. As he watched the Midgardians, Heimdall relayed, “The Man of Iron is sick with an internal darkness that can only be healed by the Captain of the Avengers, yet, he sleeps like your father in a type of Odinsleep that they believe is healing and recharging his body.”
Wade wanted to protest but her magic also lifted Peter off the ground, stopping Venom in its escape. He could see her magic poking and pulling at the symbiote and he went quiet. He grinned shakily at the two Avengers and settled down with a happy groan.
Tony’s grin widened and he dove onto Steve. Steve half screamed, half laughed as he caught Tony. They both were a tangle of limbs and scrambled to slot their bodies accordingly. It was made more cumbersome as they tried to kiss each other between their chuckles.
Peter met Tony’s gaze. The older man was sitting up straight and had his hands clenched in front of him. He looked nervous. He always looked nervous around Peter. It made Peter more nervous than he already was.
“Why would you say that?” Steve answered gently, wanting to forestall the truth for as long as possible. He directed his gaze to the horizon and recreated the plain sky with a colorful sunrise and shaded mountains he had seem once in the alps.
Tony put his hand over the empty hole in his chest as his emotions twisted and turned uneasily within him. He didn’t want to believe it…it shouldn’t be so easy.
Eventually the demeaning process was over and Steve was uneasy again. Could his alibi hold up against DNA in a trial? What if Tyler said she made a mistake about the date and his alibi crumbled?
Natasha sighed heavily and her heart went out to Stark. She read the personal accounts of the Howling Commandos and they attested for the Captain’s stubbornness when he set his mind to it. Poor Stark bad a fight ahead of him.
She was the first to look away as one of the courtroom clerks stood up and began to read off the dozen or so charges that Steve was being charged with. It was a list of various counts of assault and rape. Steve’s stomach twisted just listening to it.
“I’m going to enjoy showing you how to properly consume a person, Captain,” Tony murmured against his flesh. His words were filed with promise and excitement. It made Steve’s gut clench with want. He was eager to get back to the tower and receive Tony’s lessons.
Under the embarrassment, desire, and determination, resentment was also growing. He tried to smother the unconditional anger but it blossomed as soon as he saw the unwarranted glare his father directed at Wade.
Tony got to his feet and went to his son, pulling him into a hug. He replied with his face pressed into Peter’s shoulder, “You are a part of my life, Pete, and the last thing I'd do is leave you at a time like this.”
Bruce nodded and the others parted. Thor got in the final word by calling out, “Hearty congratulations upon your genuine blessed union!”
He paused in front of the door for a moment and paused to toughen his resolve then went through the walkway.
Steve did not doubt her words. No one but the two of them, the Goblin, and the Chameleon knew the truth. He had to find the others and pray the Venom was still standing.
Tony’s face pinched as he fought off grief and he reached up to hold Steve’s face. He whispered, “I love you too, Steve. You and I…
Steve blanched but Peter shook his head. He murmured, “It’s fine…” Turning to Steve, he assured him, “You can stay.”
Wade had lost count of the number of times he’d found himself in her embrace but was forced to leave time and time again because of his mutation. There were times Wade had yearned to see her but, by God, today was not that day.
The Red Skull grinned to himself as his plan began to take form. He would use the Captain’s capacity to love and care to destroy him. Only when the man's humanity and heart was completely destroyed and he was begging for death, would the Red Skull finally kill him.
Tony tiredly nodded to her and shivered as he was hit by a light breeze. He was laying down on his back to give Pepper better access to his chest and Pepper put the spare arc reactor down beside him as she knelt beside him. She hissed, “Wh-Where do I start??”
How…When did he want this? Tony inhaled deeply through his nose and his friend’s scent filled his nostrils. He smelled good. Everything about Steve was so good…too good for Tony.
“I have a shift scheduled for today,” Peter replied. “I missed yesterday and I don’t want to miss anymore. My lab is in the building so it's not like the press can hassle me.”
Tony pressed his body into Steve’s as they kissed and he tugged at the knot Steve had tied only minutes ago. Steve ran his hands under Tony’s shirt, feeling the skin underneath for the first time. Yet once Steve’s belt was loosened did Tony break their kiss and step back.
"...Bucky, Bruce already tried to bring her back," Steve said, grasping Bucky's bicep. "It can't be done."
Tony was smirking as if he was reading Steve’s mind. Slowly playing with and undoing the top buttons of his shirt, Tony murmured, “Jarvis, lockdown the room.”
“I can’t wait for your birthday,” Wade weakly whispered, lightly running his fingers through Peter’s hair.
“The Colonel has some more tasks for me to do so I will not be able to distract you anymore. But, when the Commandos move out on their next mission, I promise we won’t forget you,” Steve swore, his grin bordering on flirtatious.
He saw Uncle Clint before the archer saw him and did not let his stride falter. Uncle Clint’s eyes widened in alarm when he spotted him and he yelled, “PETER STOP!”
Steve instantly swooped over to him and knelt by his side. He imagined Tony’s plush bed and it thankfully appeared beneath him. The rest of Tony’s room materialized, blocking out the prior darkness.
As Bruce tried to explain his sarcasm to the befuddled Norse God, Steve whispered to Peter, “Don’t worry, Uncle Tony is Iron Man, remember? He is invincible.”
But he couldn’t go out in his Spidey uniform again so soon after being nearly discovered in it. He had considered it, but his stomach curdled with unadulterated fear. What if it happened again? What if he was exposed again?
Ultron dropped the mangled car and caught Peter before he fell too. The robot's hold felt colder than the snow melting against Peter's skin.
Tony was stubborn and, when he wanted something, he poured all of his soul into achieving it. He wanted his soulmate and he did not want to wait until he was 40 to meet this person.
The room was in shatters and the waiting room metal chairs were in a tangled mess spread out unevenly along the perimeter of the room. The once white-grey tiles were stained black and a fine layer of smoke hovered in the air.
Tony’s eyes were glassy with unshed tears and his vision must’ve been blurred by it but his gaze was focused on Steve’s. His eyes were begging for Steve to help and Steve felt crushed by it.
“Alright,” Steve agreed, putting his hand over Tony’s. He nodded to Marcel and Steve and Tony stepped away, going to the coffee cart.
Steve found himself by a body of water, he wasn’t sure which lake it was but people were on the water in boats. He marveled at his surroundings. The park looked so much nicer and better maintained from when he last saw it in his era.
“And we both like blondes!” Tony added with a snicker and all the good humor Peter felt vanished instantly.
“I am going in with James,” Natasha stated firmly before Tony could state otherwise. She crossed her arms over her chest and glared at them, looking for anyone to challenge her.
Bird brain here wanted to kill his future son and, according to Wade, they had done it once and Tony wasn’t going to waste his breath teasing the man to risk it happening again. He and the Vulture flew head-to-head and, once the man realized Tony wasn’t going to stop, he expanded his wings and jerked to a stop. He was holding what looked like a flame thrower on steroids and pointed it at Tony.
He did not have to worry on it long for his mind grew blissfully blank as he began to sketch out the lines to his new piece.
“End of conversation,” Tony said. “We are not going to change the future just so I could get my beach body back.”
? As in, you are gay like your dad? You know, if that got out, the media would be freaking out and start bringing up the clone thing again.”
Steve flinched at the use of “it.” He was already lamenting about having to explain to Peter he could not meet his mother. How was he going to explain this to him?
Steve and Tony could not get to know Peter’s friends with the exception of the ones he made at SHILED daycare and Peter’s best friend, Harry Osborn.
“I have lost visual for over a minute. Do I need to activate the alarm, Sir?” Friday inquired. The AI’s voice was louder and had an edge to it that Peter had never heard before.
!” The alien screeched and Peter caught a glimpse of its fanged face on one of the thicker tendrils before it jabbed forward.
A holo-screen opened, displaying Clint sitting in the pilot seat for the quinjet. Tony spoke before the archer could get a word out, asking, “Is Brock there?!”
“Thor, I don’t think Tony’s a dad,” Bruce explained with a chuckle. He still on the comms despite being miles away in his lab where he kept the Hulk safely tucked away. Bruce continued, “And I’m tracking you right now Tony. You need to stop flying toward the Tower and continue your talk with Captain Glor—.”
Bucky grasped Steve’s other arm and said, “Oh, no, no, no! You two are not going anywhere alone and in
Steve glanced down at Tony’s bleeding hip. The first thing he wanted to do was get it properly taken care of.
It was just of Wade’s head, wearing his Deadpool regalia, and he blew a kiss to the camera and said, “Miss you, baby boy!”
Because so many have been asking, it usually takes me a little over a week to write a  chapter and I post sometime over the weekend (unless real life strikes when I'm not looking) but, since I'm currently working two fics, the chapters will come out every two weeks or so right now so I can devote time to both works!
The dinner was nice and there was a chocolate cake afterwards and everyone sang to him. He was given presents, mostly gift cards, but his aunt got him a new camera which was all he really wanted. He graciously thanked her and thanked God for such an amazing woman.
“I’m in,” Tony chirped, sitting up straighter. Upon Coulson’s glare, Tony reiterated, “As long as Steve’s okay with it,
The tower in New York had become their permanent residence but their California home still held a special place in his heart. It was where Iron Man had been born, where Bucky had healed, where Steve had returned to him…and, in his upset over Happy’s injuries, he’d foolishly challenged the Mandarin to meet him there…
Steve paled and Bucky grasped Steve’s arm sharply as if to pull him out of the way of this dark future.
“Without that suit you are nothing but a weak man,” Schmidt stated, pulling himself out of the wall. “And even with your armor, I can crush you with my bare hands. You are no match for me.”
“Tony?” Steve gasped, frantically looking Tony over, trying to see if he was hurt. “Tony, what’s wrong??”
He thought the paparazzi were going to ruin his day but now he felt absolutely giddy. He dressed nice and doubled checked his appearance in the mirror. He patted down his hair and grinned at his reflection.
They were in the shower much longer than usual but after the water was off, they quickly got dressed and went downstairs.
From there, their lives moved forward quickly as the Avengers assisted in the city’s recovery and fatherhood was suddenly thrust upon Tony and Steve.
But now all of Tony’s enemies would know he has a son. Peter would be the ultimate leverage or tool of revenge.
“Boyfriend,” Tony stated loudly. He, Steve, Natasha, and Clint were in a car Steve had “borrowed” for them. Natasha was driving them back to Sam’s, Clint sat next to her up front, and Tony sat next to Steve in the backseat.
“Alright,” Tony mumbled miserably. Peter squeezed him in a quick embrace and then slipped away, snagging an apple out of the fruit basket on the kitchen counter on the way out.
Tony cautiously went out to the foyer and stopped in his tracks when he saw Bucky standing behind Pepper with a box.
“Thought I’d join you two,” Tony said. He leaned against the railing beside Steve and waved at Peter. Behind him the polar bear shifted into the water and Peter lost all interest in Tony.
Eddie frowned as his body pulsed with jealousy. No, Venom needed a host and the only two people it was compatible with were Peter and Eddie since they had fused their DNA with it when it was first created. The fact of the matter was, was that symbiote didn’t
“Most are,” Tony replied with a shrug. He sat up and said, “But it’s all in the past…well, future... or my past which has yet to occur, because ‘Hello, Space Time Continuum!’”
Dad knelt next to Pops and Peter and gathered both of them in his arms. He crushed both of them tighter together in his hold and happily gasped, “Pops is fine. We’re a family again.”
Steve adverted his eyes for a second and ran his hand through his hair. He whispered, “What Bucky said earlier…like I told him, don't worry about it…it's - it's nothing.”
She pulled him into an embrace and he latched onto her. He loved Pepper but he didn't find complete comfort in her hold. It was not what he wanted. He wanted the old, familiar feel of Steve’s larger form enveloping him, cocooning him in warmth and love. He wanted Steve so badly right now. He would know what to do. He would know how to help Bucky heal…
“Wilson may change for him,” Steve murmured. “You didn’t hear him, honey. Peter said he hadn’t felt this way about someone since Gwen. He really cares for the man.”
Steve stared at him as if he were entranced and gulped, signaling to Tony he got the gist of what he was suggesting. Tony smirked wantonly at him and whispered, “Ready to learn, beloved?”
“Shit, Steve.” The omega gasped, detaching his lips from the blonde’s before kissing the man’s jaw repeatedly.
The smaller wolf leapt to the side before running off towards the River, Steve chasing after him. The alpha could have easily caught up to the omega, but he was happy to just chase and play with him for now. The two continued to play, much like pups would, chasing, tagging and playfighting. Steve looked away from the omega for only a few seconds to lose sight of Tony completely.
The drinks kept on coming and the omega was sure he was ten times more drunk than last night in half the time. But two more people were buying him drinks. He had gotten up to dance with Clint god knows how long ago and he was having the time of his life. The older wolf stumbled over to the table, looking over at the redhead with a cheeky grin.
Steve didn’t respond, just started running towards the doors. Stephan Strange gave a look to Bruce, an eyebrow raising at the delta.
Tony let out a belly laugh, his head tipped back, crinkles forming by his eyes. He was close to tears at Tyler’s story. The wolves were sitting at a bar, Tony with a scotch whilst the alpha had a beer. Tyler was explaining the story of how he and his beta got in trouble when they were younger on their packs farm. The two wolves had forgotten to shut the gate properly for the turkey pen, and the wind had opened it up again, causing the birds to escape into the nearby woodland. They knew they were going to get into massive trouble so tried to sort it out themselves; massive mistake.
Steve looked around for Tony as his pack continued to tease the archer, spotting him lying on the grass with Bruce and Sam. The alpha wolf excused himself from the conversation and walked over to the three of them, dropping down beside the omega. Tony turned to face him, smiling wide before sitting up. He had his sunglasses on, sunbathing in a patch of the garden that had the sun.
“Make me go into the kitchen where I belong? Yeah, let me just go in there and grab a knife.” Tony stood. “If it ends up in you, I’ll just blame it on my dumb, clumsy, omega-self.”
“Thor could fall asleep anywhere, you know that, and I don’t mind at all.” Bruce smiled down at the blonde before looking up at Bucky. “What brings you here?” The scientist asked, bookmarking his book before putting on the bedside table.
“Tony you are not a desperate whore. Stane is a massive asshole.” Pepper replied. “You didn’t sleep with him.”
“My folks died when I was young. I was six when my dad died, and eleven with ma. But my uncles, not biologically but they were still my uncles, raised me, along with Bucky. You know, until they were killed.” Steve paused taking a deep breath. “We were eighteen, there was an ambush and only Bucky and I made it… Even though Buck lost his arm, we still survived. We hadn’t long crossed the border into Pennsylvania, I had to carry Bucky until I found a main road, and luckily, we were picked up by a stranger who dropped us off at a Shifter Hospital. From there, SHIELD helped us, and we’ve been with them ever since.”
Reasoning: I decided to give Brooke a female mate because we love the gays, and so Tony could have another omega to talk to. For the most part of book one, Tammi and Tony talked off-book, but in book two, they will probably be consoling more, as well as the rest of Brooke’s pack. I thought this wolf looked very shy and timid, like an omega just like Tammi would.
Tony watched sadly as his friend walked away before staring at the table and pushing his food away, suddenly not hungry.
It wasn’t the first time an alpha had tried to touch him inappropriately. He’s had far worse done to him by the members of his previous pack, Stane being the worst. This was another young alpha, he must be only twenty-one, maybe twenty-two at the most, and only just able to get into the bar, thinking he could have an easy fuck with an older omega that would just roll on their back in submission. This alpha was so wrong.
“Natasha and Bucky are finishing up a training session downstairs and Steve has been in panic mode all day trying to get the house sorted or some shit,” Sam replied before snatching the menu.
Tony could hear Clint’s laughter coming from the roof as the alpha started to shout at the archer. The omega bit his lip before quickly running out of the kitchen before Steve could find him. He had been working hard on equipment upgrades for the pack and had just given Clint’s his; explosive arrows for the archer’s birthday.
Tony had completely ignored their short time in the woods. It was just a little error, Steve hadn’t meant it to be anything more than him accepting Tony not to be a threat. Or, that’s what the omega was telling himself to stop getting his hopes up. He hadn’t told anyone about it and didn’t plan to, hoping the alpha had done and would do the same too.
“Nothing. You’ve seen me alive and well. Now out of my space so I can work.” Tony said as he began to make himself a coffee. The omega looked up, everyone had left, no shadows out in the hallway. Everyone except Steve of course.
“I promised I would spend the day with Clint.” The scientist frowned. “Could he come along too? I think you’d get along really well.”
“I’m Tony.” The brunette gave a smile, sniffling the female. She definitely had his DNA. They smelt so similar it was unreal.
“Steve?” The omega looked over at the bed, spotting the alpha lying on top. Tony couldn’t help but make a quiet whine at Steve’s sadness that had filled the room.
“I um, need an ultrasound. I think I’m pregnant and I just need to know.” Tony said as they walked into a room, ‘Dr S. Strange’ written on the door.
“Out of all the irresponsible things you’ve done, sneaking out in the middle of the night to the area where you were previously kidnapped takes the cake!”
Just as Steve said, Thor got both Sam and Clint’s portion of brownies and the alpha lion had never been so happy. Clint and Sam were both frowning until Bucky had opted to share with Sam and Tony, like he said, gave his own to Clint, taking the archer by surprise.
“I-I’m sorry sir but I don’t know. There is no record of an appointment for Tony Stark.” She continued to scroll through the computer, trying to find what the alpha was looking for.
“Hello, Steve… Is everything alright?” Bruce asked his alpha as Steve came to a halt, still close to the delta, realisation hitting him at what he was doing.
Clint shot the alpha an irritated look before doing the same to the delta who just kicked his leg. Thor was first at the pasta dish, he made himself and Loki a plate before turning to Bucky at his side.
“Brucie!” Clint had been the one to break the fellow beta out of his train of thoughts about his day with Tony. He was standing at the top of the stairs, his quiver on his back indicating that he had been or was going to do some training, before hurriedly running down. “How come you’re back so late?”
The omega climbed out of bed, keeping the duvet wrapped around him, because why the hell not, and made his way to the door. The whole way there he muttered “should have said ten” over until opening it to face the other wolf, scowling.
“Alright.” Steve nodded, looking up at Thor as Loki and Natasha ran down the right hall and Bucky and Bruce went down the left.
Eventually, Bucky broke the silence. “Steve, we’re going to start the movie without you if you don’t get your ass here right now.”
Everyone turned to face them from their spot at their table, their conversations dying. Steve would always be at the head of the table, on his right would always be Bucky, Thor, Loki and Bruce in that order. On Steve’s left Natasha, Sam and Clint, in that order. However, the three on his left had moved down a seat, allowing a space for Tony to sit next to the alpha.
Steve let out a whine but turned around, sitting down as he let the omega change out of his clothes and put them in the chest along with the blonde’s own. Steve let out another whine, clearly, he was becoming impatient as he started to turn his head.
“Tony?” The brunette’s head turned around to look at the sleepy alpha who was sitting up in bed, a hand come up to rub at his eyes.
“Throw it. Like you normally do. It’s only around a hundred grams heavier and it should remain balanced and that it comes back, but I want to check. Hence, throw.”
“Possibly. He looks busy though.” Steve noted, looking around the lab at the sprawled-out papers and science equipment that had been left lazily. Normally the place was fairly tidy, but the whole pack knew that when Bruce had a big project on, things got messy. “Maybe we should leave him be.”
Beeping came from the basement, the pack looking over at the stairs as the bots flew up, flying in sequence around the pack before coming up behind Tony.
Tony let out a whine, struggling against the beta guard as he pulled him down the hall, back to his cell. He continued to fight against it, all the way into the room. A set of clothes were placed on the floor as he was released from the catcher pole. The guard only just managed to escape the room, narrowly avoiding a bite from the omega.
Tony shook his head. “No, I’m pretty sure there were some double-dealings too. Some of these weapons were too much, torture devices even.” The omega closed his eyes, trying to forget about seeing the devices in the workshops in Stark Industries. Seeing the plans for them lying around the house. How some of the lower workers, mostly young interns, would suddenly take sick days or be limping. Tony was sure there was some lab-rat testing going on and he hated it. He could have easily messed with them, destroyed them. But they all would have known it was him and then he would have been in deep trouble. He regretted not doing anything.
“Are you okay? What happened?” The scientist asked, concerned as he brushed a strand of the omega’s hair off his forehead.
“Yeah but if I didn’t wander off from my pack then I wouldn’t have put myself in danger. Then she wouldn’t have had to fight off the wolves as she protected me before the pack arrived.”
“Thanks, Tyler, but I need to make sure he gets home safely. I promised Steve I would look after him.”
She pawed at the door, poking her head out to look around the corridor. Fire turned back to Tony, tilting her head slightly to indicate it was clear. Tony shifted too, clothes ripping off, before padding over to where the feline shifter stood.
1) Unrequited love -Steve and Tony are best friends but Steve is in love with Tony -this is gonna be pretty sad (I'm thinking major character death too if I can work myself up to write that) and will be based on Steve's point of view. The chapters will be based on a certain song (also the chapter name -I'm creating a list)
“Hello?” Steve sniffed, he could catch a scent of a wolf shifter behind the door, but it was harder to make out in his human form and with the door blocking it. “I’m here on a rescue mission.” There was no response, but Steve heard a clang from behind the door. “I’m coming in, stand back.”
“Around five minutes.” Steve continued to look forward as they walked along a dirt path that went up a slope.
“Let me help.” Bruce sighed, going over to help Tony take off his shoes and placing his discarded accessories on the bedside table as the omega’s laughs subsided. “I’m going to get you some water and then I have to go.”
“Agent Coulson said this was for us, right? Tony designed and made this for us. So we have to think like Tony.” Sam nudges Clint. “Try a nickname.”
Tony thought it was dumb, but he went along with it anyway. It would mean that he would be drinking, as there were very few things the omega hadn’t done.
He had been out to bars before with the pack, but he was still slightly nervous. He didn’t have backup and he had no idea what Tony would be like if he got drunk, which seemed like the brunette’s plan tonight. But, he was going to find out.
“Steve!” The alpha turned to where he heard Bucky calling from, waving. Steve jogged over. “We think we’ve found someone.”
The bartender soon returned with their drinks, Tony taking out his card to pay the bill before looking around the space. Spotting a clear booth around to the other side of the bar, Tony picked up his drinks and walked around to it, glancing back over his shoulder just to check if his friend was following him, which he was. Sliding into the semi-circle booth, the omega made himself comfortable on the cushioned couch.
Rhodey was the first one to stick his hand out. “Rhodey. Tony is my best friend… He’s like a little brother to me.”
A few weeks passed and Tony and Fire were taken to a lab nearly every day. DNA samples were taken, and, to Tony’s surprise, they did do an ultrasound scan, although a short one. Everything was fine, nothing unusual about his pregnancy. Stane hadn’t returned either. But the brunette wasn’t sure that it would last so long.
“Yes please.” The omega nodded. “Have you got any whisky? If not, I’ll have champagne or even wine.”
“We need to test this theory… Could you get something of the omega’s? Something that would smell like him just to see his reaction.” The beta asked.
The alpha took this chance, probably the only alone time they would get tonight, and kissed Tony and moved his hands to the smaller man’s hips. Tony hummed back in approval, his hands tangling into Steve’s hair as he tugged on the alpha’s bottom lip.
Tony took a tentative step forward before tilting his head up, a hand going up to cup the back of Steve’s neck and pull the alpha down into a kiss. Steve’s hands found their way to Tony’s waist, his grip tightening a little as the omega played with the hairs at the nape of the alpha’s neck. Tony pulled back from the kiss, giving a quick peck to the alpha’s jaw before tucking his face into the male’s neck.
“At least I have a buddy now. I think the others get bored coming out here and standing with me.” Bucky lit up a cigarette as Tony took out a pre-rollup he had done earlier. He was a genius after all.
“No TIA, Tony is your mummy, we’ve been through this.” Clint groaned loudly before looking at the bot in his lap. “BRIE, go to mummy,” BRIE responded, beeping and flying over to Tony, to which the omega pouted. “See, she knows.”
“You said it yourself. ‘Your omega.’ Steve is my alpha and I listen to him and our pack. I don’t have to listen to you.”
Tony sighed but happily hugged the blonde back. “I was thinking about going for a walk later. Stretch my legs a bit.”
Bucky let out a laugh, crossing the car park to get to the other room. Bucky knocked on the door before unlocking the door to get inside.
The pack nodded, leaving the alpha alone in the room. Loki was the last one to leave, looking over at the blonde.
“The alpha is clearly affected by the omega smell. Can you not tell?” Loki spoke up, putting his book down.
It wasn’t long before Sam and Clint ran into trouble. Sam had shifted into his wolf form to take them out up close, Clint firing arrows at them from a distance.
and he hates it so much.” Clint looked over to the beta who had overheard the conversation, turning to glare back at him. “Steve is Marshmallow, Loki is Snowflake and Nat is Muffin.”
Pietro nodded as the two of them walked out of the room, Pietro going left where Wanda was taken earlier and Tony right, towards the control room he had been walked passed the other week. Tony sniffed, letting his nose pick up any scents, listening out for movement.
“The pack wants you to come down. Clint choose to get Indian food and ordered your usual as you were taking too long.”
“What does he mean blow yourself up a lot? Why didn’t you tell me?” Steve started to stress, pout forming.
“You’re welcome, Steve.” The blonde smiled, happy that JARVIS was calling him Steve now. Master Rogers was way to formal for him.
Sniffling and looking up and down the hall, Tony stepped out, being as quiet as possible as he tiptoed to the door. He was hoping that he wouldn’t get caught by anyone or they caught his smell. The omega managed to sneak out of the front door, closing it as slowly and quietly as possible behind him, hissing at the bright sunlight of the outside.
The omega hid in the grass, crouching as he silently moved, like he was hunting, keeping an eye on Steve. Tony grinned as the blonde came to a haunt, watching the alpha sniff the air for any sign of him. They were still playing, and omegas could be sneaky when they wanted to, due to being smaller, lighter and more agile naturally. They could be great hunters for smaller and weaker pray, as they lacked the physical strength to take down larger prey in comparison to alphas and betas. Steve crouched down, a rustling sound coming from behind him.
“Well, it’s a bit late considering you left me in a forest to die!” The omega growled, looking straight into the alpha’s eyes.
Tony paused the episode of Doctor Who that came to an end, just before the next one would play again. He went to stand but Steve stopped him.
Tony didn’t get in until around 4 am then had to bandage his wrist, cursing at himself for being stupid. He remembers lying in bed for some time, his mind too awake and taking in the events of the night, before drifting off.
“I missed you too.” Steve cupped Tony’s jaw gently with his free hand. “So much. I think the pack got fed up of me talking about you.”
“You are a good omega. You were standing up for yourself. Fighting wouldn’t have been the best bet here though.”
Steve let out a sigh of relief upon seeing the sleeping omega, head on the island table, arms sprawled out, hair ruffled as if Tony had been running his hand through it repeatedly. The omega had one of Clint’s arrows in one hand, a screwdriver in the other. A blanket was draped around him, causing the blonde’s eyebrows to furrow.
“I-I’m coming, Buck.” The blonde let out a sigh and managed to tear his gaze from the smaller wolf to look back at his beta.
Tony kept close to Steve’s side, the woods was a lot darker and anyone could be leaking around in the shadows or trees. The omega was on high alert, ears constantly flickering to get sound from around him, nose sniffing to catch scents and tail subconsciously partly between his back legs. The alpha nuzzled into the brown wolf, licking across the omega’s head.
Steve began to lick behind Tony’s ears as they started to perk back up again. Both of their tails wagged happily as the alpha groomed the omega. Tony moved so he was lying down, Steve smoothing down the fur on Tony’s back. The alpha continued to groom the small wolf, making the brown fur smooth and shiny. Steve didn’t go near Tony’s underbelly, remembering from last time. He had heard about omega’s being protective over that part of their body, it was the part they would show when they submit to an alpha when they have earned their trust and see them as their alpha. Other submissions would be to keep low to the ground, tail hidden between their legs.
“How do you get your roll-ups so perfect? I prefer them but they’re a pain to roll.” Bucky asked, looking at Tony’s cigarette in his hand.
“He’s not here.” Steve shook his head. “I’ve been here since four and Thor has been here all day. He’s not been here. Where is he?”
The delta shook his head “no. I heard a crash and went to investigate. I couldn’t open any of the doors. All I’ve heard is a very broken sounding “go away” which was just before I called you.”
“Christ.” Tony took the shield off Steve and threw it across the workshop, far less gracefully than the alpha would. The shield crashed into a few boxes that had a variety of parts in them, the contents spilling out across the floor. “Now squeeze your palm and be prepared for it to come back.”
Tony had never been so focused in his life. He had gotten so much work done since he got to the lab. It was 7 am now and Tony was yet to have a break, but Pepper was going to be joining him within the next hour or so, so he could break then.
“Hey,” Tony replied, leaning back into Steve he let out a soft hum just as Rhodey turned around to face them, about to launch himself at the alpha that had just arrived.
“Now that’s an ass.” Bucky laughed, causing Steve to groan and turn to face his packmates who were standing with Tony. All of them began to laugh as Steve’s face turned red, Natasha also let out a chuckle.
“Also, Tony likes to cuddle.” The delta’s smirk widened, knowing exactly what he was doing to his alpha.
I'm planning to update every Tuesday, Thursday and maybe the occasional Sunday to depending on my schedule at home.
Sam burst out laughing beside the archer as he rubbed at his leg again. This caused Clint to glare at him before whacking him upside the head.
Tony left SHIELD HQ and made his way around to the back of the building so he could get to SHIELD Medical. He walked straight up to the desk, biting his lip as the receptionist looked up at him, pausing from her typing. She was human, the name 'Suzie' on her name badge.
“They’ve gotten much better at coping with the loss, especially with having a new pack around.” The beta smiled small, looking at Tony once more. “But there are still rough days. Especially days like today, we all understand. We’re here if they ever want to talk.”
The brunette shrugged. “They either ignored my existence or wouldn’t leave me alone until I was ‘put in my place’. I don’t think you’d be able to comprehend what an omega goes through every single day of their life, Steve. Not until you’ve experienced that fear yourself. Ask any omega and they will all tell you the same thing, I’ve never met one that hasn’t felt that way at least once.”
“Tony?” It was Steve. The alpha was now standing beside Tony, arms wrapping around the smaller male to hold him close. “I was so worried.”
"Wanda, Pietro, this is Clint and Sam." Tony introduced, pointing to each one. "They're from my pack and are going to take you to the quinjet where you'll be safe."
“Keep searching, look for anything that could give us any clues,” Steve said before slamming the door shut. He sniffed, getting the scent of two beta shifters from the front. He had to keep as calm as possible so he could find Tony.
. The omega failed to hide his laughter as Nat looked at him as if the delta had just grown another head.  The omega honestly thought the delta looked like a massive twat, his drunken state not helping his grace and almost made him knock out a poor woman to which he repeatedly apologised to.
Clint came running over, tail wagging as he pounced on the omega, causing Tony to fall on his side. Sam joined in too as the three of them fought playfully, until Clint accidentally nipped Tony’s leg too hard, the omega letting out a whine. Sam jumped back, stepping on Tony’s tail by accident, making the omega whine again. Both delta wolves were off him in seconds, ears flat as they both let out an apologetic whine.
“Make a wish!” Clint said once the song was over. Tony let out a laugh and blew out the candles. “Yes! Now time for cake!” The archer cheered as Thor danced and cheered along with him.
“The other guy hasn’t met you yet, I’d rather have Steve around, just in case.” Bruce looked down to the ground, Tony nodded in response. Tony looked over as the backdoor opened, Bucky and Natasha walking out and over to the omega.
“You were never taught how to hunt?” Steve was shocked as he sat beside the smaller wolf. “You did so well though. You were so close to getting me, especially with no training. Who the hell gives up on training a hunter after their first hunt? I’d be surprised if you caught anything. It’s not easy.”
“Most likely, yes. He’ll probably speed up the process when he’s not being distracting.” This caused Steve to sit back a little, a frown starting to form. Bruce had to hide a smirk at the alpha’s jealous scent.
“Bruce we should go out and celebrate! You’ve been working on this for so long, come on Brucie-bear.” Tony exclaimed, taking off his lab coat and throwing it onto the worktop. The delta had come accustomed to Tony’s variety of nicknames very quickly, learning that the omega would give them to almost anyone and everything. But only the people he liked got the nice ones.
He could hear Bucky laughing as Sam and Clint argued. Thor was chatting to Bruce, most likely dishing out the scientist’s share of the meal. Natasha and Tony were also in conversation, the beta having distracted the male from Clint and Sam. Everyone in the pack was used to some sort of argument breaking out in some form or another. Looking back up at the two delta wolves that were still arguing, hands slapping at each other, something inside of the alpha wolf snapped. This night was meant to be perfect for Tony, so he could be shown what having a good pack was like, but it wasn’t going that way at all.
“When SHIELD allows us to have one then we will, Buck,” Steve replied as he pushed his shield into the van in front of Tony before climbing in himself, slamming the door shut behind him.
“It’s what you’re going to do… eat my brownies.” Clint huffed, crossing his arms. “Now you can have my friendship back or the brownies.”
Clint and Natasha made idle chatter whilst they waited, a door soon opening and a few agents stepping out before the three wolves made their way inside. The redhead pressed the button for floor one to take them to the labs. The elevator dinged as they reached the floor and Clint walked out first, scanning his badge for the door which took a small moment before beeping and the small light turning green. Pushing the door open, the delta let his two packmates walk through first into the long corridor. The trio walked down the hall to Bruce’s lab, Steve sniffing subtly. Something smelt very familiar, but it was very faint, and he knew it wasn’t Bruce, for he smelt very different from everyone he ever met. Many humans and shifters had made their way through the corridor, the scents were mixing, and it was hard to pick out specific smells, even for an alpha. Natasha swiped her card to access the lab, walking inside once it unlocked. As soon as the alpha stepped through the doors the strong smell of the same omega wolf filled his nose. Now Steve could tell this omega was male before the scent had been two weak on Clint and Natasha, but the smell in this room was so strong and it was clear he had been all over the scientist’s lab. The room was empty, but Steve knew they couldn’t have left here any longer than 10 minutes ago.
“He shouldn’t have to worry.” Tony frowned as Bruce gave him a look. “Hey, I’m moving in, I have a right to be panicky.”
Tony turned to where the alpha was pointing. “Yep.” Steve’s shield was leaning against another counter across the room. Along with a few other pieces he had for the pack, arrows for Clint, stingers for Natasha, a prototype for Bucky’s arm.
“Tony, it’s fine.” The delta shook his head as he sat down at one of the tables. “Hey, you can just pay next time.”
Both made their way to the lockers, the feline shifter patting the wolf’s shoulder before heading off to the showers. Steve immediately opened his locker and took out his phone and water bottle. Taking a chug of water, the alpha wolf read over the texts.
He made no attempt to find help and simply collapsed where Venom freed him. Trembling and gasping for air, he frantically tried to think of a way to escape Venom.
“Then it must only activate when the danger is inevitable. I may not be able to see it in my scans unless he is in danger,” Bruce said somewhat dejectedly.
Schmidt nodded to the two men who came in after him and they roughly grabbed Steve’s arms and forced him to his knees. He gritted his teeth as his weight settled on the sensitive, healing joints.
Pepper stepped up to the bed and replied, “I know for a fact that you haven’t eaten since yesterday morning. You need to eat…You’re scaring me, Tony.”
Tony exchanged glances with Steve and then said to Steve, “I’ll call you as soon as Dr. Cho looks him over or if he wakes up.”
“Before you called me your best friend and you said you recently started to look at me,” Tony murmured. His socked foot continued to caress Steve’s calf muscle consistently.
“We can’t try to stop the Goblin from stealing the reactor in the first place without altering time more,” Cable stated with absolute certainty. “He’s a strong foe and confronting him in the past will do more damage than good. We can’t risk him killing another influential person. So we’re going to slink after him and fix everything he changes.
Steve sighed heavily, his shoulders slumping as he did, and he replied, “Yes, but we’ve got nothing so far.”
Steve cupped the side of his neck and his thumb gently caressed Tony’s jaw line. He earnestly whispered, “Thank you, Tony.”
Eight times out of ten soulmates eventually became romantically involved. In the back of his mind, Steve had just assumed once Tony was an adult and matured…
Steve rounded the table and cupped his jaw, making Tony look up at him. Steve’s thumb lightly brushed against his cheek and he whispered, “I love you, Tony.”
His tech guys suddenly bust into the room and he murmured to May, “I have to go.” He hung up and asked the tech agents, “What do you have?”
Peter did not feel up to searching for anymore. Instead, he fell into his bed and grabbed his phone. He texted Wade, ‘Why do people suck?’
He was alone in a hospital room. Was Tony at the hospital too? Was he in another room, healing from his injuries, or did he-did he die?
They stayed on the pier until it closed late into the night. They ate popcorn and other junk food for their dinner and Tony had a slight sunburn across his face from being in the sun all day. It was great.
“H-hourly reminder…” Tony whispered, his voice barely discernible. He turned his head into Steve’s touch and quietly said, “Love...you.”
Tony whistled and said, “Nope. I did not sleep a wink. But it’s alright. I do a lot of overnighters.”
Tony paused in his unpacking and replied, “Yes…I have always been attracted to you. You are freaking sexy anyone who tells you differently is lying. After Pepper…” Tony frowned as his gaze drew inward and he reflected on his past relationship. He continued, “After I got over Pepper, I cast my gaze elsewhere and saw you and, until recently, I did not think it could happen. What about you? What made you say yes?”
“There’s nothing to do until action is needed. The chips are ready. They just need to be put into the helicarriers and then they’re going down.”
“…I don’t know,” Peter replied truthfully. He looked down at his drink and stated, “Truthfully, my girlfriend died a few years ago and I just never…never looked after that…”
“Jesus Christ,” he swore loudly as his eyes locked onto Tony’s chest. He stomped over to beside Steve and he demanded of Tony, “What the hell did you do to yourself??”
In a matter of seconds, Chewie had somehow managed to cross several hundred feet, block the bullets with the shield on his back, and grab the girl from Solo’s hold. His backpack was made out of cheap material and had torn under the pressure of the high powered shots. Three distinct holes revealed the red, white, and blue shield beneath. Tony’s eyes were glued to the two points visible of the star and, in his ear, Jarvis murmured, “It is an 89.3% match now, Sir.”
“I think he’s referring to my skin condition and not the fact that I have a glowing reactor embedded in my chest,” Tony sarcastically grunted and bumped the back of his head against Steve’s stomach as he leaned into him.
Steve closed his eyes for a moment to collect his breath. They had taken away his cowl, gloves, and shield but he remained in his Captain America uniform. The metal irritated his skin on his wrists and he had the strongest urge to rip his hands apart but he didn’t. He swallowed his disgust and opened his eyes. He looked to the correction officer and stated, “I am ready.”
“Dada,” he mumbles and strings together a few more, unnervingly more awake with each one. Peter raises his head and nearly glances Tony’s chin, only nearly because since parenthood, Tony’s developed a learned response from a few eye-stinging hits that made his molars rattle. This time it’s Peter’s most precious, heart-squeezing stare that causes him to wince hard.
She’s patient in the hotel’s caustic lighting. Carefully, she offers to try something different. Like Steve needs to be persuaded into taking something up the ass. He can’t stand to tell her all the things he’s tried, how much sex paraphernalia lays in his drawer, useless, how he knows industrial nylon ties give too easily and that sharp, razor thin lines heal overnight.
“Chances are probably good but I’m willing to take that bullet if need be,” Steve says with a soft laugh. He takes steps in Tony’s direction, curling an arm around him and pulling the projection of Peter’s suit closer. He narrows his eyes at it and zooms-in on the lower half. “Huh. Horrifying may have been an understatement, Shellhead.”
“Have you never been to a farm before?” Steve asks, crossing his arms over a table tennis club hoodie he got at the activities fair years ago. Tony’s pretty sure Steve’s hasn’t made a single meeting, but the hoodie is oddly cherished. Steve doesn’t go an autumn or a winter without it, not even with the cuffs fraying and its color washed at least two shades softer. Tony’s had many thoughts about this hoodie: imagining how it’d feel against his hands, the sweater paws it’d turn them into if he ever stole it and tugged it over his head, brought the frayed edges to his lips. He thinks on what it’d smell like if he ever got to breathe it in.
Steve makes a face but, proving Tony right, he slips seamlessly into the role of aficionado. He explains how the Cubist lines emphasize the two-dimensional, flatten the portrayal of moon divination—
“I saw a flyer at the farmer’s market the other day,” Steve starts no louder than strictly necessary. “There’s gonna be a jazz concert in Central Park later tonight, thought it might be nice if you’re interested. Been a little while since we’ve had a proper date night. I looked up the band and they’re supposed to be amazing.”
Steve’s cock jumps in Tony’s hand at the endearment and despite his reservations about the thin walls, Steve sobs on a high note, letting it out feels as inevitable as letting oxygen in.
Tony takes in the sight of Rogers’ ice-pale complexion, interrupted by the blooms of bruises and cross-stitch of cuts. The thin and reedy air that leaves his mouth is barely audible. “God. Who did this to you?”
“I will. And on that note, I gotta skip out.” Peter starts circuiting the workbench, picking up notebooks opened to scientific equations that he probably cooked up with Tony and a couple textbooks to push into his backpack. He swings it over his shoulder before saying, “There’s a really big lit test coming up that MJ and I have to study for and we’re gonna grab some burgers for dinner. I’ll be back before late.”
Tony reluctantly lets him go but stays close, watching him pull out the card, a clear embossed snowflake on its front and only Tony’s script on the inside.
“Tony, it’s Captain America. Most of the country could probably sympathize with having a crush on the guy.” Laughing, Rhodey adds, “Hell, this whole military base would be happy to swap places with you. It’s not a big deal.”
The new angle allows for Steve to slide down the seat a little, plant his feet with scrunched toes and fuck at the spot that gets Tony to cry out once he’s found it, loud in the quiet of the garage. Having always been a quick study, Steve hits home over and over again.
“Aw, look at you,” Tony coos fondly, and he indulges in the urge to fan his fingers on Steve’s jaw, thumb a bit of stubble that his razor missed under his ear. He kisses him properly and then gives his chest a sympathetic pat. “Watch and weep, Cap.”
“I’m sorry that was rude,” Steve starts quietly. His worried expressions have melted into these looks of fondness and soft awe that Tony wants to special order in bulk. The crooked smile makes Tony’s spine curl. “However, you talk a lot and you’re my best friend, so I’m sure of two things. You won’t let me get a word in and you’ll talk and talk until you talk yourself out of this. You’ll decide how I feel before I get a chance to tell you and right now, I don’t think I can go another second without telling you that you’re not alone in this. When I said ‘how’, I was wondering how I could have possibly missed this. You make me the furthest thing from uncomfortable. And a date sounds really good, amazingly good.”
A blinding hot rolls through Tony and he could swear that his spine telescopes, melting in on itself as he flexes forward. Fuck-drunk and pleasure still curling in his fingers and toes, Tony watches the mess of his come stripe Steve’s jaw, catch on the pout of his bottom lip. White is stark against pink and short-living under the shower’s spray, the tip of Steve’s tongue that sweeps out to taste.
to kiss him again, sweet and lingering and nuzzling. “You’re just—fuck, ‘d keep you here forever,” Tony tells him. Here in Tony’s arms, this bed, this life.
“Okay. I know that I’ve been recently betrayed and maybe you’re experiencing sympathy pains or paranoia or something. I understand that, but Peggy and my father were friends. Good friends,” Tony emphasizes. “The one true friend he had. I’m certain of that. There’s—Peggy Carter is someone I have no doubts about. She’s not involved.”
“Agent Margaret Carter was the Director of SHIELD at that time, Sir. You have neglected to include her in the parameters of your search. It is a substantial piece of information to neglect.”
Tony’s smile is easy and handsome, private for all it’s just the two of them down in the garage. Tactile and close, he skims Steve’s collar with his fingers, his voice and lashes on a low slant. “So I guess it’s safe to say that you like it.”
“Thin line between love and hate? I don’t know,” Tony says, groaning. He tries to marshal his thoughts and string together something coherent. “There’s the whole thing about not meeting your heroes, how they never measure up, but Steve pretty much broke the ruler and I didn’t take that well—that all of the stories Howard told me were actually true. That Steve was worth being canonized. That I looked at him there, in real life, and couldn’t fault my dad for going on about him for hours on end. I think that’s what I resented,” Tony recognizes just as it’s uttered. “It was never him.”
After finishing eating the cake and thanking everyone for going to the trouble of surprising him, he and Steve left to go up to their room. He quickly sent a text to Pepper and Rhodey asking if Steve could come tonight, which they both fine with. Steve had helped Tony get most of the confetti out of his hair before the omega jumped into the shower and began washing.
He had no idea why he was so wound up by the situation. In most cases, he could just brush it off, pretend things are fine and keep a level head about things. But not this time. It wasn’t that big of a deal too. Steve had just wanted to make sure Tony was safe. Alpha’s had done worse to their mates.
“I need you to take Wanda and Pietro to the quinjet and keep them safe. They’re only kids and have been experimented on and turned into shifters. I don’t want them getting into any more trouble.” Tony spoke, walking down a dark hallway, the lights flickering now and then.
The omega rested his forehead on the alpha’s own, both their eyes closing. It was a common and intimate wolf gesture that showed affection, especially between mated and courting wolves or a parent and pup. Tony pulled back a little before placing a sweet kiss on Steve’s lips before bumping their noses together affectionately, causing the blonde to blush. Tony let out a quiet laugh, stroking the alpha’s cheeks gently with his calloused thumb, humming quietly. Steve leant into Tony’s touch, eyes remaining closed as Tony caressed his cheek.
And pizza is what they had. The bots had settled down now, Steve Jr sitting on Tony’s lap as he ate a slice of meat feast pizza, eyes glued to the screen. They were watching Jurassic Park and were at the part of where the T-Rex is about to attack. Tony had come to the conclusion a long time ago that if his children were this dumb, he would let them get eaten. A T-Rex is coming and you’re flashing a light and screaming? You’re just begging it to eat you at that point.
