. Would you not be concerned if I displayed my body in the way you did yours? Would you want to watch other Alphas’ eyes roam over me?”
“Tony, if something happens, scream,” Bucky said bluntly, ignoring Steve’s frown, “I do not care if you feel obligated to help him. If he is doing something you do not want, yell and we will come running. As it is, I do not think you two should be left alone any more today, but I will not be the first to question Nat’s judgment.”
The Prime brought Peter up to kiss his forehead, thus missing Tony’s face flush with embarrassment. He crossed his arms and looked away as an ache built in his chest.
get him killed one of these days. He says that his little skirt and boots are an image he needs to keep up, but I do not believe him one bit. If you ask me, he is almost tempting fate to come after him,” Bruce said, shaking his head.
“Oh, so you didn’t bother to tell the guy you’ve been in love with him for years?” Rhodey said flatly, still staring at Tony.
Natasha nodded, resting her head on Tony’s shoulder with a sigh. She brought her legs up to her chest, wrapping her arms around them with a hum.
Tony laid there in silence for a moment, staring at the ceiling as he repeated Steve’s words over and over in his head. He pursed his lips, and at Bruce’s hum of curiosity, spoke his mind.
Steve’s voice sounded very far away despite Tony knowing that he was standing right next to him. He tried to talk, but his tongue was heavy, and his knees gave when he tried to move closer to whisper. If it were not for Thor and Steve’s quick movements, he surely would have dropped Peter. Rather, Thor took the babe as Steve helped lower Tony to the ground, keeping his head elevated in his lap.
“Now, I have to ask,” Bruce said one day over a cup of herbal tea, “How do you feel about the Prime? In one moment, you fear him, and then the next you look like you were debauched by him. Which is it?”
Babbling on with his soothing phrases, Tony made his way over to PJ’s dresser, carefully opening one of the drawers to pull out a new Avengers’ diaper. Realizing what Tony was doing, Steve became more perplexed, standing awkwardly in the middle of the room.
He snapped his head up at the voice, momentarily relaxing when he saw that his feet had guided him to Steve in the throne room. However, that calmness faded into fear as he took in the others and their paint, and
“Howard probably wanted you to do the dirty work for him,” Tony said bitterly, picking up Steve’s arm to gently scrub down, “Maybe he would have given you a reward.”
An enormous washing tub took up the middle of the room, sized like it belonged in a bathhouse rather than in one’s home. The faucet over it suggested running water, which surprised Tony the most out of everything that he had seen so far. He had never thought of the Warlords as having a technologically advanced society like his own, but here he was, watching the Prime fill up the large tub with steaming water.
“Other people in the room,” Rhodey interrupted, smiling tiredly when Tony turned to gape at him, “Yeah. Hey, kid. Gave me quite a scare there, yeah?”
“The Prime is not going to hurt me. I am going to be right here, nice and alive, okay? I promise,” Rhodey soothed, “I do think he is a good man under all that muscle. If he wanted to end my life, he would have done so already. There is no need to worry that you might lose me, or that you feel like you have to choose between us. We are both here to support you and Peter.”
While using one leg to keep Peter imprisoned in the tub, Tony managed to get clean and even wash his hair before he could see that the tot was beginning to creep toward an explosion. He quickly stood and helped him out of the water, then wrapped him up in a towel before he could slip away. It should have been fine, Peter had had plenty of uneventful bathtimes before, but this had to be the one time he let out an ear-splitting wail and smacked his tiny hands against Tony’s chest.
Thor was beginning to look pale himself, but he translated, and the Prime raised an eyebrow, amused at the response. He spoke again, lazily turning his hand in the air.
Tony turned to look at Steve, who had finally picked up his head, staring off into the distance as he talked.
“Sounds good to me. We can also do interviews here of HYDRA agents we’ve already captured from the compound,” He answered, “Besides, it’s best for now if I stay here. Our biggest concern seems to trust me, and I don’t want to set back our progress if I’m not here and he asks for me.”
“Captain, we need to prepare Mr. Stark for arrival,” one of the paramedics said, reaching out a hand to help Steve up.
“He likes strawberry ice cream,” Steve said sheepishly, to which PJ nodded and beamed, “And we sort of had an accident with juice.”
He smoothed Peter’s wispy hairs down, smiling at the babe’s sleepy face. Carefully, he managed to pull him away from his nipple, easing the babe up onto his chest to pat his back and burp him. With Peter finally settled, Tony reached for the bowl of broth that Thor had brought, sighing happily as he curled his hand around the warm bowl. He slowly brought it up to his mouth and drank as much as he was willing to risk since he was still worried about not being able to get out of the bed if his nausea returned. No sooner had he put the bowl down did a knock sound at the door and it opened, revealing the good doctor.
Doing as he said, Tony stood shoulder-to-shoulder with Natasha, finally letting his calm act drop for the fraction of a second.
“Hi, you,” Tony immediately soothed, dropping the conversation in favor of giving PJ his attention, “We had to come downstairs for a bit. You gave me quite a scare there. You’re okay now, though. Just got to get clearance to leave and then we can go back up, okay?”
“Barton, get your ass over here, you’re my wife for today,” Bucky snorted, sitting down in one of the chair pairs.
“That’s good. Also terrifying, considered he was trained by HYDRA,” Steve murmured, keeping his voice low, “Have you talked to him any about—”
seems strange, I want to know about it. Natasha: if Stark ever, in your judgment, seems incapable of taking care of this child, you extract him and bring him to HQ. Understood?”
He still worried, but he figured that if something was wrong, it was worth it if it meant Steve said something nice about him.
Steve looked up with an odd emotion plastered across his face, like something between guilt and constipation. Tony merely raised an eyebrow, patiently waiting for the Captain to reply.
“’Good night, little girls! Thank the Lord you are well! And now go to sleep,’ said Miss Clavel. And she turned out the light, and closed the door, and that’s all there is, there isn’t any more,” Tony finished with a lump in his throat.
“My littlest love, my sweet boy,” he whispered, low enough so only Peter could hear, “I love you, darling, never forget that.”
Carefully, Tony sat up, ignoring the black spots in his vision as he shifted PJ to his right hip. With a little difficulty, he managed to get to his feet and walk them over to the door, ignoring how the lackey poked his back with the muzzle of the weapon.
A flash of hurt flickered in the bond, but it disappeared as quickly as it came. Tony furrowed his brow in confusion as he watched Steve move to leave, only to be stopped by Natasha’s hand on his arm.
“Looks like its just you and me, kiddo,” Tony murmured, petting the boy’s hair, “Sorry Papa up and left like that. I won’t do that to you, I promise. Now come up here, I can’t lean down, and I want to kiss your forehead.”
Peter slipped his thumb into his mouth and started to drift off, bringing a smile to Tony’s face. He reached out to smooth down the few wisps of hair on his head, then reluctantly pulled away. The near-silence in the room was a welcome respite after an intense morning. His heart longed to go find Rhodey and comfort him, but he knew the best thing he could do for him was to stay away until he was well again. Tony rolled onto his back and bit back a whimper when he felt the pain between his legs creep back. Technically, he could take care of himself, yet the piece of him that had already grown fond of Steve wanted the Prime to come do it and comfort him.
Steve trailed off and pulled his hand back. It was obvious that the Warlord was disappointed, if not through his posture then through the bond. Tony had half a mind to growl at him, but he knew it would do no good. When the man got an idea in his head, he stubbornly stuck to it until he forced it into reality.
“He’s a redhead person. Just is,” Tony shrugged, rolling his eyes as PJ peeked out again to look at Natasha, “Natty, dear—”
Tony raised an eyebrow and looked over at Sam and Barnes’ stony faces, wondering if they managed to keep their faces calm because they were so used to Steve waxing poetic about him. He winked and Barnes’ eyes went wide, then Sam doubled over in laughter when the two men realized what was happening. Steve looked between the three of them, absolutely confused.
“I know. I know, sweetheart. I am sure you are all sorts of upset because I have not been good to you lately,” he said quietly, “I am going to try to be better, I promise. I love you, little one. So very much.”
“Scanning—you have four vehicles converging on your location, Sir. Two have larger heat signatures.”
Peter’s little face turned red with his cries as he flailed his fists and kicked his legs in an outright tantrum. Tony tried to shush him and settled the baby on his chest, laying back down on the bed so Steve could snuggle up to them both.
“He says the nursing garment is the reason why he called for me—you handed it back to him and all he understood from your speech was my name,” Thor explained, raising an eyebrow at Steve’s wild gestures, “He wishes to know why you will not accept it.”
An extremely loud blond boy was yakking off the ear of a small redhead in the corner, seemingly uncaring that she was clearly ignoring him in favor of playing with her dollies. Nearby, a boy with shaggy brown hair and a kid with a gap between his front teeth were trying to join in, adding sound effects as they tromped their dinosaur figures through the dollhouse. Tony tilted his head at that; dinosaurs didn’t belong in houses, did they?
PJ flicked his gaze over to Steve for a second before ducking his head back into Tony’s side, causing him to giggle.
“…I should probably help him, then,” he sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose, “Maybe PJ would like to help, too. We can try to find some real clothes for him and maybe a toy or two. Oh, and he needs to be fed, that’s what I was
Steve rolled his eyes and sat, curling his own arm around Tony. He felt different from Rhodey; he felt comfortable with them both, but with Steve, there was a small buzzing underneath his skin. It was not uncomfortable, nor unpleasant, but it was definitely there. He wanted to lean into it, to see what it felt like if he held it, but every time he tried to grab for it it was just out of reach.
With the Hulk standing guard, the other Avengers made their way into the small building, with Thor bringing up the rear. Tony cast his repulsors brighter, illuminating the wreckage that lay before them.
Steve jutted his chin out at them, crossing his arms over his chest and looking at them with the kind of determination that made his spine tingle. Tony stared back at Steve, and then he stared some more, only to turn on his heel and march down to the door that he had remembered led to Steve’s—and now his—quarters. He did not bother to close the door behind him and barely took in the additions to the room, choosing to instead plop himself down on the newly added single bed. After arranging Peter on his chest and pulling up blankets and furs over them both, he stared at the ceiling, trying to sort out what had just happened in his head.
“Thanks, guys,” he said to the doctors as they packed up and left, one of them advising he stay in bed for at least one day before going back up, “Yep, got it. Thanks.”
Blinking at the bag, PJ tilted his head, glancing between it and Tony in confusion. With a choked-back noise of disbelief, Tony quickly unzipped the bag, letting PJ inspect the contents. Of course, being a curious child, he carefully pulled out each individual piece of the set, eyes wide as he felt the softness of the sheets and comforter.
“How about that walk then? There might be people in the gardens, but the fresh air would do you well.”
“You did. You’re essentially a large child, so I figured it would work,” Tony answered, setting the papers down on the coffee table.
He barely got within a foot of Steve when the Prime pounced. He dragged Tony in, grabbing his ass in two handfuls as he captured his lips in an open-mouthed kiss that made the Omega feel dizzy. Tony grunted once his brain finally acknowledged that Steve was leading and he pushed him away, growling under his breath.
“My son does not think before he speaks, sometimes,” she said, shaking her head fondly, “He did not mean any ill intentions, I am sure of it.”
. Suspicious, Tony moved onto the starch and picked up a cube of potato, popping it into his mouth. Confirming his theory, he watched Steve’s eyes follow his fingers into his mouth before dropping back to the plate, like a hound waiting for a scrap.
“See? Not going to hurt you, I promise,” He said, sitting back on his haunches, “I’m just concerned. We rescued you from a pretty bad place and we want to make sure you’re okay. Now we don’t really think you’ll actually
“It’s fitting,” Natasha answered, raising an eyebrow at the archer, “Don’t be rude. Especially when your name keeps getting written down as ‘cunt’ at Starbucks.”
“Pep was worried. We started hearing rumors about you being captured and such, so when we saw a chance to maybe check up on you, we took it. Plus, I got to knock out Justin Hammer and steal his armor. I think it was a win-win plan all along,” he explained, “And just because I am not in the formal army does not mean I am not skilled with a sword. I put up a good fight.”
Guilt spread through his chest like wildfire. He hugged Peter close and rocked them both while kissing the crown of his head.
Tony scowled and took Peter back, using the baby’s sweet scent to calm his mind. He tried to lean up against Rhodey for comfort, but the Alpha crossed his arms and stared until Tony gave up his stubborn routine.
He knew that Rhodey would give him shit later, but he ignored it in favor of scooping up Peter into his arms and kissing his head.
PJ hummed, but didn’t answer, choosing instead to lean out of Tony’s arms toward Steve. He made a soft noise, to which the Captain finally opened an eye, glancing up at the pouting child.
“I—I hadn’t exactly prepared a list of boy names in the happenstance I had a child,” he finally said, shrugging, “I’ll take suggestions—no, I will not name him Clinton
“…Hm? I’m here, I’m here, just spaced,” he managed, forcing himself to concentrate back on PJ, “You okay, kiddo? Huh?”
“It’s actually fairly normal,” Coulson said from behind them, causing the boys to yelp in surprise, “I won’t suggest you do so, but young men are often curious about their growth cycle, and in the pursuit of answers, will compare their genitalia size to those of other young men in their peer groups.”
Tony blinked slowly and nodded, shifting his arms as best as he could to give Bruce access. The doctor wasted no time in poking and prodding the babe, nodding when he finished.
“Do not fret. Peter needs to be changed,” Bruce explained, noticing his discomfort, “Is it okay if I show the Prime how to?”
“It’s not a third testicle, you bitch,” he grunted, making Steve giggle as he pushed the box over, “Here. I’m going down to the shop for a bit before bed, alright? I’ll see you in a bit.”
“So you just happened to get down with the Prime Alpha?” Rhodey asked, folding his arms over his chest.
Steve paused, flicking his tongue out to wet his lips before biting his bottom lip, the crease between he brows deepening as he thought.
“Thanks, Ava,” He said nervously, suddenly realizing that those who had not visited his house before were very quiet.
“Are you ever going to let that go—what the hell?” She grumbled, stopping just in time to not hit Tony’s stopped form, “Why did you stop?”
“J, I’m going to read these measurements off to you, then order clothing that would fit a child of that size,” Tony called.
“He’s shy. But you’re not wrong,” Tony said, rubbing PJ’s back to try and comfort him, “He loves his Cap pajamas.”
“That I would learn? Darling, you clearly do not know me yet,” Tony laughed, squeezing Steve’s shoulder, “You will learn soon.”
Once the sounds behind them turned from relieving himself to uncomfortable whimpers, the adults turned around.
“If you need help, ask,” he was saying, pushing cutlery into Tony’s hand, “I figure you can cut stuff up, but if it makes your side hurt, I don’t mind doing it. I’ll be right back, I left PJ in his highchair with juice and I need to make sure he doesn’t cause a tsunami in the kitchen. Pills have already been crushed up and added to your eggs since you don’t like taking them regularly. Do you need anything else? That is, anything that isn’t ketchup.”
Tony looked up at Natasha before sliding his eyes over to Steve. The Captain’s uncomfortable posture told him enough.
“Where’s Peter?’ He demanded, getting to his feet to stomp over to the door, pain be damned, “Where’s the kid? If you’ve hurt him, I swear to
“My friends! Come in, come in,” Thor called cheerfully, stepping out from amongst the throng of people to clap a hand onto Tony’s shoulder and usher him in, “The Prime called us all for a meeting this early hour and told us you and the fair babe would be in attendance—he says you have some important things to tell us about our walls, yes?”
, and you’re doing that thing where you immediately assume people are looking for someone else because when you
He closed his eyes again and focused, attempting to comfort Steve through their link. It was like trying to have a conversation using only facial expressions, which meant Tony could not tell Steve where he was, but he could send over his hunger pains. The bond settled and Tony opened his eyes, having to bite his inner cheek to keep from laughing when he heard the sound of bare feet running on stone; the dining hall doors burst open to reveal Steve, clad only in his traditional skirt. He locked eyes on Tony and strode over, cupping his hands around the Omega’s face.
“Oh, it is so good to see you, Brucey bear,” he crooned, letting PJ turn around to watch the scientist come and sit at his bedside, “I thought you might’ve been doing cleanup at the base.”
“You okay, darling? I cleaned you, changed you, you were not fed too long ago… gods, I probably smell stressed to you and am making you upset…I know, I know. I have no need to be worried, he will be fine and this awful day will be behind us. Then, all of us can spend time together as one big family. Would you like that? I bet you would.”
Feeling Steve’s eyes on his back, Tony made quick work of going through the boxes, huffing a laugh at the amount of Avengers-themed clothes that JARVIS had chosen. Once he’d picked out an outfit and found a box of Avengers pampers in the bottom—
“—you have not formally bonded yet. That does not excuse his behavior, of course. He is, as the Lieutenant says, a possessive idiot.”
Tony swore again and dropped the soap into the water, freezing when the Prime quietly reached in to retrieve it, then handed it back to him. Stunned, he watched the man for a second and noticed the tension in his shoulders as he knelt next to the tub. He quickly realized that the Prime was just as awkward about the situation as he was.
Bruce waved him quiet, putting his stethoscope in as he moved the metal disk around PJ’s now exposed chest. After a minute or two, he sat back and pulled the stethoscope out of his ears, sighing softly.
Before the thought of germs or awkwardness could even flit through his mind, Tony quickly set to making sure PJ was wiped clean and re-dressed, then lifted up to the sink to have his hands washed while Natasha flushed the toilet and set the lid down. Tony then washed his own hands, ignoring the crawling feeling under his skin.
“Howard found us out hours after you left,” he said, “Mary’s father found her body and immediately recognized your scent and reported it to the castle. Howard organized a battalion and a plan, and it did not take long for him to receive news that you had gone North and been captured. Thankfully, it took a while for him to get the necessary men and supplies for the trip, which gave Pepper and me ample time to figure out what the hell we were supposed to do. Pepper agreed to stay in the city while I dealt with Hammer and took his place in the battalion, which you already knew. I never got word from Pepper while I was out with the men, so I assume nothing has changed since I left.”
“Basically, yes,” Natasha answered, pushing Tony forward to join Bruce while she sat on the couch, “And that one is the only survivor.”
“I cannot help that his Prime Alpha biology is not sated easily. Believe me, I do not wish to have an audience just as much as you do not wish to have a show. He needs it though--if he did not have to sit on his throne and face the people, he would have me speared in our bed and talk to them through the window. It seems to be the only way to get him to think clearly.”
Tony grinned. “Only Steve’s face, as usual. And he’s well--we got through another night without any accidents and we had a yummy breakfast already.”
Putting the finished book down, Steve realized he’d started crying as a tear dropped onto his slacks, staining the spot. He put his head in his hands and sucked in a shuddery breath as he tried to comprehend what he’d read.
He felt the tears on his cheeks as he explained, years of pent-up pining breaking him wide open. His crying was loud enough to drown out the others’ hushed voices but couldn’t cover up the loud footsteps that ran down the hall, followed by the tell-tale running of someone in heels. Tony felt arms wrap around him and he leaned into the body, breathing in Rhodey’ comforting cologne as he cried into his chest.
is, isn’t it,” he grumbled, “I thought we’d talked it out and were doing something, but I guess not if he thinks I’d pick Barnes over him. That’s just idiotic.”
Tony carefully restacked the drawings and put them away before turning to the composition book, unpeeling its sticky note to toss in the trash and miss. He pulled it out and stared at it for a moment, wondering what Steve could have possibly put in it; he’d already touched on the big stuff, now what? Curiosity got the better of him, and he opened it, only to burst out laughing.
He gurgled the rest of the word and spasmed forward, spilling another load into Tony. It was genuinely painful to come so much, but his biology demanded it of him.
“He has not said a word,” She said, clicking her tongue, “I figured I would wait for your call since this more… personal.”
In the past year, Steve had used up all his leave time to be with Tony in the wake of his parents’ deaths, being more of a comfort over one parent than the other. Tony had been a wreck, but in front of the public he was blank, the latter of which concerned him more. He’d stayed as long as he could before he was called back to the field, where he was willingly putting himself in harm's way because he and Bucky had allowed the government to experiment on them when they needed the money and Steve had been at his lowest.
At Tony’s hesitant nod, Bruce moved the tray and sat, holding up the jar to Tony’s lips. He sighed and sipped at it, screwing up his face at the taste.
It was quiet for a moment, then the bed creaked as Steve shifted and got up, not even bothering with a goodbye as he left the room. The bond strained and protested, but Tony had plenty of experience with tamping down his feelings, so he ignored it in favor of rocking Peter in his arms.
“Oh, baby, oh honey, it’s okay, c’mon kid, wake up,” Tony begged, going to try and shake PJ out of the nightmare, “I’m right here, it’s okay, everything’s okay—”
Bucky walked out through the thicket with a grunt, shaking burrs off of his legs before going over to join the men, shield in hand.
“Oh? Is it now? What’s in it?” Steve asked smoothly, tugging Tony into his lap just to hear the man squeak in surprise, “Based on the diagram, I have an idea.”
The shower curtain rattled and Natasha returned to his side, wringing out her wet hair in a towel as she opened up her personal locker, pulling out a small brush to run through her hair. She looked down at him and jerked her chin toward the shower.
Steve’s shoulders slumped and he let out a quiet sigh, tipping his head forward to allow Tony to wash his hair.
“Hi, you. Sorry it took me so long. I was talking to Uncle Bruce,” Tony explained, crouching down to PJ’s level, “I’m guessing the nurses said it was okay for you to go back up. Why don’t we get you some juice and finish making up your room, huh?”
He turned his head and hacked loudly, wheezing and gasping for breath between coughs. A hand settled between his shoulder blades, providing a stable point to concentrate on while he sucked down air, bringing his cough down into a manageable state. The hand disappeared when he slumped back onto his pillows; he felt exhausted, but Peter continued to wail, and from the quiet words Steve was exchanging with Thor, he was not about to get any relief.
Grunting, Tony swiveled his seat around to face Steve and PJ, a proud grin on his face. The Captain merely stared back at him, about to open his mouth and scold him when the boy clapped his hands eagerly.
“Do you wanna talk about it?” Tony asked softly, clearly worried as he reached up to poke the wrinkles between Steve’s brows.
“If he starts to cry or get too fussy and you cannot calm him, bring him to me. Otherwise, I trust you will keep him safe until I come back?”
“Hey, you going to say hi to Steve?” He asked PJ, watching the boy stare at the Captain, “He won’t bite. He’s just a bit big. Don’t worry, he scares me too sometimes.”
Thor waved him off and spoke to Steve, who rolled his eyes. He stalked over to his desk and opened one of the drawers to pull out a small drawstring bag. He closed the drawer and went over to Tony, picking up one of his hands to deposit the heavy bag in his palm. It jingled when Tony shifted it to test its weight, making him pout.
“Hey, hey, it’s okay, it’s not a bad thing,” Tony tried, ignoring Steve as he crouched back down to PJ’s level, “It just means you have different colored eyes. It’s really cool. There’s no need to cry, yeah?”
“Should I carry you as well?” Steve asked, a completely serious look on his face, “You’re clearly in pain, Tony.”
do is check in with the others and get updates about my men and any news that may have come in. As much as I want to stay in bed with you--”
“I mean, during the war, I knew I wasn’t possible. Being on the front lines…I knew that to have any semblance of normalcy it would have to wait for the fight to be over. And when I had Peggy—”
Steve’s steady hands faltered for a fraction of a second, but Tony caught it and took that as a personal win.
“Yeah. Heterochromia. Different colors,” Tony explained, “That eye is brown and the other one is blue.”
“Thank you, Thor. I am sure we will be having many talks like this one in the future,” he said, smiling at the giant, “Will you help me with retiring to our room? I cannot hold him up with Peter in my arms.”
“Do you think I will ever get used to him?” Tony quietly asked Peter, peeking down his shirt at the lazily gumming baby, “Or do you think I will always be taken aback by him?”
“I am Thor, the Prime’s translator,” Thor said with a large smile, “I know most every dialect there is to know—I have been trying to teach others the Southern language, but our Prime is not…gifted in speech. I will have to translate for you when needed. You should be able to speak freely with him, do not worry. So, tell me, Tony, why have you traveled so far to run away? The Southern cities are close to the sea. Why not board a ship?”
“I seek refuge,” Tony blurted out nervously, curling in on himself as the people with spears began to surround them, “I—I did not know where else to go. My father would follow me everywhere…except here. I was hoping to be granted an audience with the P-prime.”
Steve snorted and kissed him quiet, curling a hand around the back of his neck to sift his fingers into the engineer’s hair. Tony hummed, pulling back to nose at Steve’s cheek and slip a hand onto his thigh.
He squashed the rabbit trail, opting instead to stand in front of the glass with his arms crossed, carefully watching PJ’s small body be transferred to the CAT bed and slowly moved into the machine. What felt like days was only minutes, but Tony found himself having to remind his lungs to inflate and deflate so he didn’t pass out and create more problems.
“Even so, I understand if you want to put off our, ah, consummation,” he said quietly, a pink flush covering his cheeks and the tips of his ears.
It sounded more like ‘eve’, but the wheezed groan still startled Steve, his tired eyes snapping up to meet hazy ones. Tony offered him a weak smile, pressing his hand into Steve’s face to try and give him some comfort. Immediately, the dam inside of him flooded and he began to cry, unable to stop the sobs from wracking his shoulders and squeezing every bit of breath out of his lungs.
“Fuck easier if it means you try to kill yourself at the end of the day, Anthony,” Natasha said, sitting on the end of his bed, “I’m glad you’re not dead, just so I can kill you myself.”
“They put their spliced DNA into a synthetic egg,” Bruce explained, waving away the silent question.
He pressed a kiss to PJ’s cheek and turned toward Steve, assessing the situation quickly. Slowly, he went over to Steve’s side, making sure his steps were audible to not scare the man.
“It is not news, but since my arm is broken, I will not be able to go to battle for a few months,” Clint said while frowning at his sling, “At least the winter is nearly upon us. Have you thought about what we are to do when the spring comes? That would be the soonest that Stark would try another assault.”
such a simple treat could taste. After watching Tony eat it, PJ picked up a piece for himself to nibble on. Once he got a taste, the boy quickly went to scarfing down the sandwich, crusts and all.
“Super soldier whizz. You’re welcome to look, but he’ll be back soon. Now, leave the tree chopping to us. Go stoke your fire,” Bucky said, shooing Tony away, “Besides, you might wanna run before Stevie gets back and chews you out for strandin’ us here.”
He hurried to put on his nursing bra and a new shirt, scooping Peter back into his arms as soon as possible to comfort the clearly hurting babe. It took a second to wrestle with his clothes to get them into position, as he was still getting used to nursing. Once Peter finally latched again, Tony sat on the bed with a deep sigh, already exhausted just from getting ready for the day. He wanted to lay back down and rest, but the bathroom door creaked and caused him to immediately sit up straight, adrenaline shooting through him. Technically, he knew Steve was not angry with him, but old habits die hard and he curled his arms around Peter a little tighter. He dared not turn around and waited for Steve to approach, relaxing when he saw his smile.
“I really do not enjoy hurting others,” he said, “This life… is not the one I wanted. But it is the one I have been chosen to lea--
Tony nodded, uncapping his sports drink and swigging down half of it. He realized he’d already eaten through his lunch, so he scooted to sit in front of the tall mirror, watching as Natasha rifled through her makeup kit and got to work. She made him take off his shirt, so he looked away and tugged it off, not wanting to see her emotionless face staring at the gross mottling on his body. Instead, he felt her fingertips press against his belly, where he knew scrapes were still crusty with dried blood.
didn’t want to read his about his namesake scolding Tony, but Tony had trusted him with it, so he forced his eyes back open and kept reading:
“I know, love. The noise is something awful, yeah?” He murmured, giving Pete his finger to hold onto, “Do not worry, Papa will make it better for you. Then we can all sit and ea--”
“Alright, can you sit here for just a moment, kiddo? I need to check on Papa,” Tony said seriously, eyeing Steve’s still form from the corner of his eye, “I’ll be right back, darling. Hang tight.”
The fur in his hand was just big enough to cover Peter from head to toe. The babe immediately grabbed it and snuggled up to it like he would his dolly. Tony smiled softly and cuddled him close, pressing more kisses into his hair.
He waited for the sting of the knife, but after a minute, Vis’ hand appeared in front of him with six bullets in it.
He smiled when Tony pouted up at him, gathering supplies from the cabinet before settling into the bath, making Tony sit up so he could slide down behind him.
“I was able to recover some files on the specific torture methodology used on PJ,” Natasha started, her eyes glancing over to Tony, “You may want to sit for this. Even I felt uncomfortable reading it.”
“He requested to atone in the ancient fashion. Alphas that mistreated their Omegas were beaten by their mates until the Omega felt as though they had suffered as they had,” Thor explained, tilting his head, “Since he cannot understand me, I find it pertinent to tell you that I do not agree with his methods. He is quite stubborn at times and can be dramatic when wanting to prove himself. If you wish to agree to his atonement, though, I will not stop you.”
“The more you hold him, the easier it will be,” he said, “Really, I did not endure a fortnight of having him wail if he did not have something close that scented of you for you to tell me that he does not like you.”
“Tony,” Natasha said gently, crouching down in front of the man to place a hand on his knee, “We have him now. The important part is that we got him out before he endured anything else.”
. Steve’s, what, twenty-six? From his file, he doesn’t exactly have good relationship experience. He always talks about how before the serum, the girls would pick Bucky and not him,” Pepper chided gently, “It’s a sore spot for him. He probably thought you did it on purpose.”
“Is that even possible?” Bucky asked, grunting at Natasha’s elbow to his stomach, “What? If Steve can do it, I probably can too. I’m curious.”
Tony gently prodded PJ, peeling the child away from his side. The babe huffed, but turned his mismatched gaze up to Rhodey, blinking up at him with some hesitation.
The elevator doors opened to the common room, showing most of the Avengers already gathered with go bags piled by the entrance. They all turned when the elevator dinged, so PJ turned his head into Tony’s chest, clearly overwhelmed by the situation.
“If you keep looking at me like that, I might start thinking you’re going to either stab me or kick me out. Or both,” Steve’s quiet voice interrupted his thoughts, “You alright?”
Tony felt like crying at that. He threw himself over into Rhodey’s arms and clawed at his back, sinking into his best friend’s warm hug.
“It’s a lot, huh?” He said quietly, flicking his glance back and forth between PJ’s eyes, “I know it’s a lot. I’m—ah,
. The jam, sure. It's yours, so you’d know. Maybe the ice cream. But definitely not Sarah’s shepherd’s pie—especially not those details. Steve is only that detailed during pillow-talk.”
“He has a point,” Natasha commented, reloading her bites as she looked at the carnage around them, “The level of security is too high to be just an outpost. There has to be something else here.”
Feeling heat climb up into his cheeks, Steve sat back, grinning sheepishly at the other’s positively predatory gaze.
He waggled his eyebrows, to which Steve smiled fondly and rolled his eyes. He sat back carefully and ran his thumb over Tony’s rim, shushing him when he whined.
“And I?” Thor said next, leaning up from the wall he’d propped himself against, “I’m not certain that any Asgardian intel will be helpful.”
Surprised, Pepper nodded, standing to run over to Bruce first, then to Natasha, sending them both over to Tony. Once they sat next to him, Tony put a finger to his lips, pointing at PJ. The boy made another noise, soft enough to nearly be inaudible.
A deep growl vibrated directly next to his ear. Startled, Tony gasped noiselessly and tightened his hand around the bar of the cell as his eyes snapped open. He could see Steve’s knees out of his peripheral, and he knew that if he looked over, the Alpha would be right up in his face. It took a few steadying breaths, but he managed to turn his head, pretending as though he was not shaking from outright fear. Steve had snuck up to the bars and was visibly perplexed, as if he could not understand why there was a barrier between them. He attempted to get a hand through to touch, but Tony immediately scooted away on reflex.
“This is going to be a dangerous operation. Nick and Maria aren’t very happy that we’re undertaking it without SHIELD backup,” She said, swallowing half of the scalding drink in one go, “I think we should bring them in, but I know how you feel about Nick getting close to this.”
Immediately, Steve tried to drag him in as far as he could, to the point that his shoulder and face were pressed up against the bars. Tony swore under his breath and struggled a bit to get himself comfortable as Steve wrapped his body around his arm, pressing Tony’s hand against his scratchy cheek.
“Ah, yes. Will she be able to keep us all hidden? It may be a while before the others can get to us, if at all.”
Sophomore year became a flurry of drug-hazes on top of the auditorium, hiding from the others in the library, hiding from Howard until he could get into his liquor cabinet and the few week-long stints in the hospital and in rehab that never seemed to stick. When his friends asked where he had been, Tony waved it off as being with Howard on work-related business, learning the family trade, whatever he could come up with that they wouldn’t question as suspicious. He quickly noticed that their asking dwindled until it was only Bruce checking on him, eyeing him skeptically over his spectacles and humming in disbelief when Tony told him he was fine.
Tony snorted and sat down at his desk, pulling out the first drawing. A smile stretched across his lips, recognizing Steve in uniform, a child with a teddy bear hugging his knee as he protected both of them with his shield raised high. Something looked familiar about the scene, and as looked over it, he physically leaned back in his chair in surprise when he realized what it was.
No matter what it was, be it a Starkpad or even a goddamn mechanical pencil, Tony somehow seemed to have the need to explain in excruciating detail exactly what each new piece of tech did, even if Steve stopped him mid-sentence and explained that he knew what it was and how to use it.
Thankfully, PJ’s arms and legs looked fairly normal: no signs of old or new breaks, but perhaps the bones were a bit on the thin side. However, when focusing on the boy’s ribcage, Tony felt each old break in his own chest.
“The more I thought about it, the more I realized that most of the time, when I was doing things with her, I was thinking of you,” he confessed, wringing his hands in his lap, “She hated the milkshakes in the fourth street diner, you know.”
“Oh, honey, no,” Tony sighed softly, inwardly wondering why he hadn’t punched Steve yet and kicked him out, “C’mere. None of that. Come on.”
“He—the kid—is the only survivor. At least, that we found at this compound. By their timeline, he’s roughly a little over a year to three years old. We’re not really sure what his exact age is. They didn’t exactly celebrate birthdays in the compound,” he explained, attempting to ignore the others’ sympathetic looks, “I was going to have you look him over when we get back to the Tower.”
“Well that was rude,” Tony groused to Peter, unable to help a smile at the baby’s curious eyes, “Good thing you are on my side, huh? You always pick your daddy first.”
Bruce whined and Tony laughed more, only to quiet down when Peter began to whimper. He shushed the babe and moved him up to his chest, gently leaning their heads together as he rubbed Pete’s back.
Just as he got Peter settled, the hairs on the back of his neck rose and a shudder swept down his spine. He turned around and gulped, seeing the man who had stood next to Steve in the throne room. Seeing him up close, Tony paled, realizing that he still had Tony’s family crest clutched in his hand. The man spoke in a deep, raspy voice, motioning toward them with the crest. Steve laughed and answered him, idly patting Tony’s back.
Steve immediately snapped his eyes open and rolled out of bed, making Tony roll over and laugh. He screeched when Steve grabbed his ankles and pulled him out of bed, holding him up against his chest by his thighs. Tony ducked his face into Steve’s neck and wheezed, hugging his neck tightly as he was carried back to the dining room.
The door swung shut as Rhodey left, leaving Tony with a very tired child and a seemingly frazzled larger child. At least he could help the former by keeping him snuggled up to his side.
“No. Pep—ah, Pep probably won’t want anything to do with this,” he said honestly, avoiding Steve’s prodding gaze, “I’ll keep him in a room on my floor, and once Bruce and I have determined the age of the boy and made some rough measurements, I’ll send for appropriate clothing and child necessities. Whatever they are. Perhaps you, Birdbrain and Widow would like to go shopping? I know you all like to spend my money as a hobby. Might as well put it to good use.”
As he closed it, a laminated piece of paper slipped out of the back of it, landing on his lap. He picked it up and turned it over, only to choke on his own gasp. There was Steve’s robot drawing from preschool, carefully secured to the paper to prevent any more rips and tears in it. The crumples and bits missing were just as Tony remembered them before he’d tossed it in the trash last year.
“He is so beautiful, Tony,” Steve said quietly, “He looks so much like you. I do not doubt that he will turn out just as wonderful as you are.”
“I think you might have a hematoma,” she said, “It looks worse than a regular blood bruise. I’ll have someone come in and look at it, but I think we might have to drain it and keep an eye on it.”
“It’s ghastly, I know, but it works,” Bruce apologized, capping the jar after he deemed Tony had drunk enough, “I will leave it on the Prime’s bed stand so you can have another dosage if you still feel ill tonight.”
“I figure they are on their way, so we have limited time as it is,” Zola said smoothly, “We will be transporting you out shortly. For the time being, we will allow you access to facilities to clean up, as well as provide you with new clothing. In two to three hours, you will be leaving the facility to be transported to another bunker for more…extensive testing. As long as you cooperate, we will keep you sheltered, fed, and clean in relative comfort. I’m a scientist, not a sadist. However, if you cross me, I will make sure you watch as I break every bone in that child’s body. Understand?”
Peter did not offer up an answer. Tony raised his head to see that the tot had blessedly fallen asleep with the fur still clutched in his hand. He smiled and made himself comfortable, closing his own eyes to let his body’s exhaustion take him to sleep.
The horror that dawned on Steve’s face was too much for Tony to bear. He looked down at the floor and closed his eyes against the tears that threatened to fall.
Shaking his head in an attempt to clear his thoughts, Tony forced himself to become swallowed up in the conversation if naught but to save his own sanity.
The change in topic seemed to sate Steve’s curiosity, so Tony smiled, leaning his head on Steve’s shoulder as he started to talk about
Tony quickly tweaked a nipple and caught the Alpha’s yelp in a filthy kiss. He regrettably pulled away much too quickly, but the man needed to learn his place.
Knowing Steve would come investigate, Tony hurried into his walk-in closet, ducking behind his Armani suits until he could feel along the wall. Finding the panel he was looking for, he placed his palm against it, swinging open a secret door to a tiny elevator.
“They were makin’ the ultimate Avenger. So, who was ya match? Widow?” He asked, glancing over at the Russian.
“Right,” Pepper confirmed with a giggle, taking her hand away, “Alright, I’ll leave you with your Daddy, little one. Be good.”
“You think I would leave you to fuck Rhodey. I think that to keep things equal, I should believe that
He paused to gauge Steve’s reaction, but he said nothing. Tony sighed and tightened his hold, wishing he knew how to convince the man that Rhodey was a good friend, nothing more.
Having set the boy down on the floor, Tony made quick work of getting PJ cleaned up and changed, awarding JARVIS a few brownie points for thinking ahead on the training pants front. Once PJ—and the elephant—were clean enough, Tony scooped them both back up, nabbing the tissue box to take with them.
Sighing, Tony headed into the shower with PJ, having to convince the boy to let go of his neck so he could put him down.
“Oh, honey, don’t cry,” Tony pleaded, not sure if he could handle an outburst, “Please? Everything’s okay, Petey pie. I promise.”
“Oh good, Dr. Stark, come join us,” T’Challa called once he spotted Tony exiting the elevator, “Shuri has sent over the plans for the compound—and she thanks you for JARVIS’ help. She quite enjoyed his, ah, ‘Stark snark’.”
He forced himself to relax and breathed out, grunting as Steve slowly pushed in. Inwardly, he began to panic and wondered if Steve was right, but he forced it down and closed his eyes, concentrating on staying relaxed.
“Okay, kiddo. A quick bath, then off to bed with you,” He said, ushering PJ off toward the bathroom, “Steve, you wanna get his bed ready, take the plate to the kitchen and pick out a bedtime story?”
, Buck. I can draw ya somethin’ later,” he scolded, turning to hand Tony the tape roll, “Sorry, Tony. Bucky likes ta take things sometimes. Jus’ tell him to buzz off.”
Steve nodded, all too eager to let Tony scoop Peter up into his arms and tuck him up against his chest. Steve’s shoulders slumped and he leaned up against Tony for support, clearly exhausted from the ordeal.
The name didn’t make much sense to him, but the date made his core run cold. December of 1991 was a familiar date to him, one that Tony rarely talked about, and one that he never pushed on. The event happened late in the month, so this must have come right after. Steve glanced down at Tony, but the man didn’t grab the book or try to stop him, but he did seem a little tense, so he carefully opened it, flipping to the first page with words. There it was, Tony’s familiar scrawl, but it was all wrong; his loops were shaky and his lines disjointed.
Tony slowly looked down at Peter, watching him lightly snooze against his chest. Silently, he sat back down, ignoring Steve’s hand that settled on his head. He reached up to wipe his thumb over the babe’s cheek, smiling when he finally saw that baby’s brown eyes. A sob knotted itself in Tony’s throat, threatening to spill out if he tried to talk. Instead, he hitched the baby up and pressed butterfly kisses all over his face, careful to steady the babe’s head and neck to support him.
“Alright everyone, packets down,” he called out, taking charge as he stepped into the living room, “Yes, HYDRA is fucked up. We knew that. Now we know that they are willing to go to even higher levels of fucked up to achieve their ends. So, what’re we doing about it?”
PJ blinked at him, utter confusion clouding his features. The chair had stopped moving, leaving Tony reclined with the child sitting up on his lap. Looking around, PJ made a curious noise, poking the chair with a bit of defiance.
“I’m surprised you cannot taste it, Barton,” Thor piped up, ripping off another bite of pancake to put into his mouth, “Even I recognize the sweetness of breastmilk.”
“…Steve, do not tell me you glued two belts to your backpack so you could carry it on your back,” Tony said flatly, stepping over into Steve’s space to make him stop, “You know you’re not supposed—”
“Never got past firstbase,” Steve repeated firmly, looking down at the ground, “She—uh, she wanted to, but—all I could think of is that you really loved to share your blueberries with the robins that used to nest in that tree. Not exactly mood-worthy.”
Though Steve could not understand his words, his tone seemed to sate the man, as he dropped his hands and slumped his shoulders. Careful to keep his touch light, Tony reached out and brushed their fingers together, giving in to the momentary need for affection. The change was almost startling; he watched Steve’s eyes grow and he straightened up, surprise melting into a beaming smile. Tony rolled his eyes and laughed, returning his hand to Peter to more securely hold the babe. He jerked his head back toward the market and Steve nodded, leading the way back into the masses.
Steve stood and shucked off his suit, laying it down on the ground before sitting on it. He tugged at Tony’s undersuit until he wriggled out of it, then impatiently pulled him into his lap.
“Mm. He has your genes, after all,” Tony answered carefully, turning his head to not give away the look of longing that had crept onto his face.
Bruce was next, followed by Natasha, Clint, and Sam, who looked a little more flushed than the others. Tony tried to sneak a glance at Bucky, but he’d already stolen Sam back, leaving Tony to accept wet hugs from the rest of their friend group.
He pointed at his clothes on the floor, then pointed to himself and Peter and waved his hand at Steve. Steve furrowed his brow and put his hands on his hips, staring at them for a second before the light visibly turned on and he nodded, ushering them into the bedroom. He headed to his closet and rifled around for a moment, then pulled out a few articles and set them on his bed. With Tony’s attention on him, he held out his hands, then turned and left the room.
At Steve’s nod, he turned to lead them back to their bed but paused on the first step. Embarrassed, Tony slowly turned back around and wrung his hands.
He knew that it was falling on deaf ears, but it felt good to get it off of his chest. He realized he had begun to cry while he was talking and reached up with his free hand to wipe the tears away, immediately growling again when he saw Steve try to reach for his face. The Alpha flinched and looked quite upset, pulling his hand away to cradle against his chest. Slowly, he slid out of the bed and went over to his own, picking up the tray to place down on Tony’s bed where he had previously laid. With a nod, Steve turned on his heel and walked out the bedroom door, gently shutting it behind himself.
Tony turned toward Steve, offering up a small smile as the dressed Warlord approached him and put a hand on his back.
“God, I love you,” Steve sighed happily, “You’re so good to him, Tony. I know you’ve done such a good job with him. I can’t wait to get home so we can all pile in the bed.”
Steve growled, effectively silencing Tony into nothing but whimpers and moans. Slowly, he let go of Tony’s cock and let his fingers drift lower, shuddering as he felt the slick leaking from Tony’s hole. Ever so careful, he rubbed his fingers on the outside of the muscle, moving his other arm to let go of Tony’s wrists and bodily hold him down across his arms and chest to prevent him from bucking off. It took a minute to get Tony to relax, but as soon as he did Steve slipped a finger inside, ignoring the cramp in his hand as he began to stretch him.
“I think he had a bad night without me,” he said quietly, feeling very guilty, “Maybe it was too early to let him be away for so long. I...I did not think he would be upset, but--”
Of course, Tony spent the whole ride re-sharpening his dirty talk skills, being quite pleased with himself to see that he still had it, despite his momentary one-star vacation to Afghanistan. He wanted to give Steve road-head, but was firmly told no. Instead, Steve held his hand until they finally pulled into their home, at which Steve squeezed his hand and let go.
He turned to press a kiss into Peter’s wet hair and allowed himself another minute of soaking up the cuddles before moving onto the dreaded phase of putting Peter into clothing. However, when he stepped back out into the bedroom, he was surprised to find Steve awake with their bed made and two sets of clothing set out for them.
His eyes widened when he realized he’d said it aloud: Tony felt his jaw drop, and Rhodey couldn’t help but laugh, smacking his knee as the sound reverberated throughout his body.
“Oh, my sweet little boy,” Tony tried to soothe as he pulled Peter in close, “I am here, sweet thing. Daddy did not mean to upset you, I promise.”
His back was cold, his chest hurt like hell, and from the feel of things, he was definitely missing his shirt and pants.
“We need to get you a haircut, cutie. Hey. It’s okay,” He murmured softly, “I know it’s all so, so much for you. You’re doing so well, baby. You’ve been so, so good—you still are. It’s okay to cry. But we do want to put you in something more comfortable, okay? Can you come in here with me and Steve and Tasha and let me help you into this?”
“The Prime wishes to take you into the city for the day,” Thor translated, his smile becoming almost too big for his face, “He wants to show you the markets—I have no doubt that you are in for a treat today, Tony. The Prime is quite fond of his peoples and loves to buy things for others. I have no doubt that you and the babe will be laden with gifts and sweets.”
“We can try,” Bruce said before drinking his glass of water down in one go, undoubtedly to try and ease his blush.
“It didn’t fail,” Tony said quietly, “He has one success. And from Bucky’s insight into the Winter Soldier program, it's technically possible that Zola could, if he got his hands on the kid, reprogram him with a chip that could be accessed wirelessly. And if Zola got into the internet…”
Rhodey nodded and shook Steve’s hand, moving to step over to Tony’s side. He knelt down, whispering low enough that only he could hear.
After he got a nod, Steve started to move, beginning with deep, slow thrusts. He almost pulled all the way out before pushing back in, praying to every deity he knew of that he lasted more than a few thrusts.
“Oh, honey, I’m not mad, not at you,” he shushed softly, “Uncle Clint is just a meanie, that’s all. Everything’s okay.”
“You’re just jealous you didn’t get one of the big parts this year,” Sam snorted, adjusting his Wise Man costume so the hat would stop falling forward into his eyes.
“There we go. Little uncomfortable, but I can work with it,” Tony said, brushing away PJ’s tears as the toddler relaxed back against Steve’s chest, “We’re all nice and cozy, yeah? Once we all feel a little better, we’ll make a thermos of hot cocoa for Papa to take on his trip, okay?”
It was quiet again, but Tony felt more coming down the line, so he got himself comfortable in the bed.
“I—uh, we need to make sure PJ stays calm, and you and I are the only ones who seem to be able to do that successfully,” Tony continued, smiling as the boy toddled over and hefted himself up onto the bed, “Plus, if I’m supposed to be staying in bed, you’re more likely to let me leave.”
He thought for just a moment that Steve might let him go, but then he was bent over the table and flailing to keep Peter safe, ending up awkwardly holding the baby with his elbows on the table.  Cold air hit his bare ass as his pants were yanked to his knees; Tony knew he was turning red with embarrassment and he tried to convey this, but Steve gently pulled his cheeks apart and his speaking ability turned into frantic spluttering and pained whimpers.
“Okay darling, daddy’s all finished, I can pay attention to you now,” he soothed, leaning back in his chair to properly cradle the baby up against his chest, “You had your meal, you were changed, cleaned…. what else does one little babe need, hm?”
“Shh, I have you, easy now,” Tony said, smoothing back Steve’s sweaty hair and kissing his cheek, “Just relax, not too much longer, yeah? Then we can clean up and throw on something loose and sleep.”
“Hey, hey. Don’t beat yourself up. Neither of us are exactly great when it comes to emotions and shit.”
“Good gods, Thor, give a man some warning,” Tony managed, slumping down in his chair as he flicked his eyes up to the guilty-looking Warlord, “I do not know how such a large fellow is so light-footed, but
Tony shrieked first, which snapped Steve out of it, immediately scooping him back up and sprinting to their bedroom. The group collapsed into raucous laughter in the background with cat-calls thrown into the mix. The noise continued until both men reemerged, dressed in loose clothing and clearly over their momentary need.
the blowjob to tell you I’d figured out you’d lied?” Steve asked, looking over at Tony, “Wouldn’t I have known during it?”
“There, there,” he soothed, resting his chin on Steve’s shoulder, “It will get better soon. Once Rhodey is back to normal, we can all sit down like regular adults and talk.”
It was quiet for a moment as Steve wiped down the counters, his brows pulled together in the little tick that showed he was thinking; Tony made a noise, rolling his eyes when the other made the noise back.
“I don’t think you’re going to be inventing for a bit, T. This…this is a bad break,” Rhodey said quietly, “You need to rest and take a breather.”
“Green tea mochi,” Thor said next, shrugging, “Friend Hulk made an appearance last time I attempted to eat them.”
“Now, Peter, this is not the time to be fussy,” Tony murmured, nearly crying from the overwhelming amount of fear coursing through his veins, “Easy now, little one.”
“Sir, the young Sir is asking for you in a most desperate tone and seems to be having an attack,” JARVIS said, interrupting his thoughts.
“Alright, clean us up, then a small rest for us both,” he mumbled, attempting to undress the babe while preparing the bath.
“Hey. Shh, little one, it’s okay,” Tony soothed, motioning toward Natasha for the abandoned box of tissues, “You’re okay. I’m not going anywhere without you, okay? No need to cry. I’m right here.”
He paused before opening the door, steeling himself in case Steve was still annoyed with him. The door creaked as it was opened, revealing the Warlord in a steaming bath, head back as he relaxed. Steve did not open an eye when they entered, but he smiled, which Tony took as a good sign. He made quick work of Peter, as the baby began to fuss as he woke up more. Tony barely picked him up from being changed when the babe started to cry, fat tears rolling down his chubby face.
“Tony, honey, look at me,” Miss Hill coaxed gently, pulling him away from Steve, “They’ll only be in the corner for a few minutes. Play fighting or no, we don’t want them to get hurt by wrestling like that. Okay? As soon as they’re done, Steve can come right back and play with you. I’ll even make sure his cot is next to yours for naptime.”
Ignoring the strangled noise that erupted from his throat, Tony put his hand out for PJ, attempting to look at the boy under his floppy curls.
“Shh, baby. I love you so much, I’m so proud of you for being able to share this with me,” Steve barreled on, “You are the most wonderful man in the world, I can’t believe I get to wake up next to you and call you my husband—”
He reverently stroked a finger over Peter’s flushed cheek, wiping away any traces of his tears. Peter grabbed onto him with two small hands, pulling the digit up to his mouth to gum on it. Steve audibly choked and froze up, not wanting to move in case he hurt the poor thing.
Once Steve spoke, PJ looked up at him, eyes widening slightly. A bit curious, he took a step toward Steve, only to look back at Tony nervously. Silently, Tony stood with his palm out, letting PJ touch him ever so slightly. He walked the boy over to Steve, feeling his own heart thump faster as they got closer. Once they were close enough, Steve finally looked down at PJ, a harsh breath escaping his lips as a strange look overtook his face.
Tony squeezed his hand around Steve’s hip and tugged down, making eye contact with the Prime. His blue eyes were glazed over, but they were clearly trying to focus.
He took one of Tony’s legs and put it over his shoulder, turning to bite at his thigh as Tony writhed under him, suddenly crying out at the change in position. Tony’s hand immediately flew to his cock and started jacking himself off, hips jackhammering down to meet Steve’s thrusts.
“Let us get dressed, and while you take a moment to settle in your bassinet, I am going to try and get rid of this monster on my face.”
He wasn’t quite used to carrying Steve, so Tony grabbed up their suits and helped Steve down to the lake, glad to see that it was deep enough for both of them. Thankfully, Steve started to rebound as soon as they got into the water, but it was cold, and even Tony was feeling the chill.
The soccer team that Tony was the Captain on, allowing them to spend time together after school when Tony’s parents would usually whisk him home to force him to study.
Immediately, Steve’s hand latched onto his hip and dug in, conveying his pain despite not making a sound. Tony shushed him as best as he could and tried to focus on the stitches, despite having to smell Steve’s pain and agony. He finished the last stitch and carefully covered the whole wound with bandaging, wrapping it around Steve’s waist to help keep it in place.
PJ stuck his thumb into his mouth again, fisting his shirt with his other hand as he looked up at Steve. Slowly, he moved closer to Tony, a little shaky as he put his hand on top of Tony’s.
As he watched Tony turn on his heel and presumably escape to the workshop, Steve turned to gather up their melted ice cream, biting his lip bashfully as he cleaned the mess. He found himself unable to think of anything else, his mind wandering to the speckles of gold in Tony’s bright doe-eyes as he rode the elevator back up to his floor. Stepping out onto the plush carpet, Steve padded over to his coffee machine, using muscle memory to make himself a cup as he thought about Tony’s hands. It soon turned to his lips and his smile as Steve went to stand in front of the bay windows, casting his gaze out over modern Manhattan.
“Couldn’t they just send in the Chair Force?” Steve said, earning a laugh from his best friend, “Alright, let’s go do some rescue. Jeeps ready?”
“Don’t hate me ‘cause I’m right!” he called over his shoulder, digging through a cabinet for a protein bar.
“Do you even smell coffee? It’s hot cocoa and its not for public consumption,” Tony snorted, turning his attention back to the room at large, “Alright, gang. Let’s split up. Fred here is going with you guys, so please make sure he gets home in one piece.”
Finding an empty bench near a streetlight in view of the Tower, Tony sat with the boy, cradling him close. With a raw ache of what could only be described as paternal protectiveness in his chest, Tony pressed his lips to PJ’s forehead, letting his eyes close as he rocked them.
Completely ignoring Tony, PJ reached out toward Natasha, stubborn curiosity evident in his pouty lip. Raising an eyebrow, Natasha leaned down, letting the boy grasp at a few locks of her hair. He gasped softly around his thumb, eyes as wide as saucers. Having to bite back a laugh, Tony smiled, watching the child sift his tiny fingers through her scarlet ringlets.
If anything could put the fear of the Gods into him, it was that statement. Heat? He could not possibly be going into heat. He took suppressants daily! Hell, he even brought extra from the kingdom--
“Contrary to popular belief, I do know when I’ve screwed up,” he grunted, standing up from his chair, “Or, at least, when I need to apologize for
The room turned silent, so Tony took that as his opportunity to pretend to wake up by stretching out his arms with a whine. He opened his eyes to see the three Warlords staring at him with unreadable expressions on their faces, then Natasha pivoted to physically put her body between him and Steve.
When Miss Hill came around to check on them, she merely rolled her eyes at Steve and Tony, shaking her head as she picked up the extra cot to put away. It wasn’t unlike pre-kindergarteners to cuddle up during nap time, so she let it be, instead helping the few children who were awake pack up their things to get ready to go home. Of course, once parents started to arrive, all of the children woke up, excited to finally go home.
“He is important to me,” Tony managed to whisper, unable to speak any louder for fear of breaking down completely, “He is important to
neck and biting at the pale skin to leave faint bruises. They faded just as quickly as he placed them, making him whine in frustration.
Slowly, he lowered them both into the water, unable to help a small moan as the warm water engulfed his sore muscles. Peter seemed to agree and stretched out his arms, curling up to Tony’s chest and lightly grasping at his chest hair. Unbothered, Tony carefully cupped up water and started to wash the baby, pleased that he was not making a fuss. After a moment, the Prime cleared his throat and startled him, making Tony swear and sigh, fluttering his eyes over to the man.
The next day, when opening the freezer to grab a pack of corn for Clint’s newest black eye, Steve paused, noticing the six tubs of Butter Pecan labeled ‘Iced Americano Only’ in the back. He smiled as he shut the door, reminding himself to write Tony a thank you note.
. I’ve already figured out a way to expand it to be able to power the Tower completely. It’ll take a few months, but—”
“And? I get nightmares,” Steve said, sliding his gaze over to the archer, “Tony’s reactor helps with them. Plus, his bed is self-heating.”
“We do not care about pairing designations in our colony,” Thor continued, “Bonds are stronger when chosen by the people, not by their designations. We have many same-designation couples and parents who have children and are quite happy together. None will be bothered that young Peter was born of two Omegas, I promise you.”
“—He’ll recognize his own eye, Tony!” Bruce talked over him, waving a hand in frustration, “None of the rest of us have bright blue eyes. Even Thor’s are too dark to be this shade of blue. As soon as Steve sees PJ with his eyes open, he’ll know. And he’ll be hurt that you didn’t tell him right away.”
“Whatever the doctor said to him must have worked,” he murmured to himself, blinking slowly as the effects of Bruce’s medication began to make him feel drowsy.
“Do not be fussy, my love. Daddy is okay,” he murmured in the Southern language just to piss Steve off, “Come; you and I will have a cuddle.”
“Howard tried to come to get you. So far, the NYPD has kept him at bay as they investigate, but we figure he’s just waiting for you to dispel rumors again, like you always do. Maria hasn’t shown up yet. Edwin, however, has been sitting outside your door for the past week waiting for you to wake up. Said you’ll need him when you decide to ask for his help.”
“Steve, that’s great! We never thought you would grow out of it, that’s amazing—what,” Tony said, arms up as Steve’s hulking figure wrapped him up in a hug, “Steve? Alright, big guy, it’s alright, you’re alright—”
He slowly reached out his hand, palm up, letting PJ tentatively place his little hand on Tony’s again. With a nod, Tony slowly reached forward, careful to keep an eye on PJ’s reactions as he unknotted the t-shirt and lifted it over his head.
Tony quickly handed it over, attempting not to lean too much into the scientist’s space as he began his exam. He stared as Bruce carefully peeled open PJ’s left eyelids: an unfocused, honey-brown eye stared at the ceiling, all too familiar in color and shape. Bruce flickered the light over the eye, humming as the pupil dilated.
, Steve,” Tony wheezed, nearly writhing on Steve’s lap as he attempted to fuck himself on Steve’s fingers, “More, I can do more, I know you can feel how slick I am, I can take it--”
Steve nodded and hefted himself up, momentarily concerned about not waking up when Tony had obviously moved to get out of bed, but he pushed the thoughts away, following Bucky like a lost puppy until they found Rhodey waiting with Tony. He immediately brightened and scampered to Tony’s side, eagerly picking up his hand to hold.
“Zola should be transported on a flash drive,” Tony said, stroking his goatee as he thought, “Considering he doesn’t have a physical body, and that Cap kinda took out the original conscious in New Jersey, I’m assuming that’s how HYDRA has been keeping him semi-alive. From what I saw on the inside, once he gets into a computer system, he can jump at will to any connecting hardware. However, I don’t think he can get into the internet. The amount of upload power needed for an entire brain complex is…a lot. Not enough from what I saw at the base. If that’s an endgame, and I suspect it is, he’ll need a supercomputer.”
“Oh god, probably my food,” the archer snorted, tucking his feet under him, “Bucky hates when I eat stuff that probably isn’t even suitable for dogs. It’s still
Tony could only watch in tears as his best friend was dragged off and his Alpha was restrained. The bond was still burning, but an arm slipped around his shoulders and seemed to cool the heat.
Tony reached up with two fingers to silence him. He took hold of the hand on his cheek and kept it between both of his own hands, squeezing lightly.
“That’s not fair,” he finally said, dropping his arms to his sides as he turned back to Bruce, “And you know it.”
Tony patted his cheek and tugged him down for a kiss, effectively shutting up his stammering. It seemed to be a good distraction, because Steve went quiet and got a dopey look on his face as he led them out of the bedroom and down to where they were keeping the prisoner. Before they could go in, Steve stopped them and poked his head in, most likely checking out the scene. He then opened the door all the way and stepped in, allowing Tony to pass.
All too familiar and just a little higher in pitch, PJ’s stuttered giggle—the same one Steve made when he told a dirty joke—made Tony’s eyes widen enough that the boy stopped, immediately taking his palm away again and curling up again.
“I know that it is still too soon and that I am but a stranger to him. Yet I cannot help but feel so disheartened that he cries a lot more around me than you.”
PJ burrowed down into his blankets with his elephant, offering up a hint of a smile when Tony tucked the sheets down around him. Steve reentered the room, sidling up next to Tony to wrap an arm around his waist and kiss his forehead, smiling against it.
because Fury called. If I see that one-eyed fucker again, I’m going to rip out his other one and give him a makeshift third testicle.”
,” Bruce sighed, rolling his eyes, “Steve does not hate you. He doesn’t. If he hated you, he’d kick you off a building, or at least not live in your
turned Steve’s face an interesting shade of red. His scent still came off as angry, yet through the bond Tony could recognize that his anger was masking some other unidentifiable emotion. He tucked the knowledge away and decided to deal with it later. He sat up straight and helped Peter sit up in the crook of his arm, almost daring Steve to try and move them.
“You should play with dinosaurs with me sometime,” He said, scooting his chair over so he was pressed up against Tony’s side, “Building with Tasha an’ Clint is fun, but I’m funner.”
“We can do this. Together,” he said softly, squeezing his hand, “As much as I want to see you single-handedly destroy the rest of HYDRA, I want to be right there next to you, where I belong. Alright?”
“Hey, you. Everything’s okay, I think he just had a fit. Sorry I left, I should have stayed just in case,” he murmured, happy to give Steve a quick kiss when the man tilted his head down.
“I’m here,” he croaked, “Sorry, I just—yeah, honey. I’m coming home to you and Daddy. I promise. You keep him in line for me, okay? Make sure he eats just as many vegetables as he’s been making you eat.”
At that point the sun had already lit the forest. He still needed to find water. Steve turned his gaze to the child. He looked so innocent. Regret filled his heart at the thought of what the boy had already faces in such a young age. In those moments the hatred for the system to which they were subjected seemed to grow. Steve could take care of himself. Try to survive. But the children of his District, of his country, deserved much more than just survival.
Tony and Steve were late. Nick Fury really wasn't happy. But he never was, remembered Stark. The others Avengers looked bored, except Rhodes and Natasha who probably would kill someone on the room.
"With my father", he said simply. Reveal that he ventured into the forest of the district would not sound very good to the thousands of people attending him at the time, including the president.
A few hours passed before Steve felt little drops on his skin. It began to rain. The idealizers of the games must have been bored and decided to liven up the situation a little.  Steve shuddered when he realized the drops caused a slight burn. Not enough to be classified as a burn.  But the rain seemed to increase at torrential levels. He needs to get Peter out. Shook and pulled the boy when a huge lightning struck a tree only ten feet away. The message was clear. Steve and Peter started running in zigzag movements, heading west. The two of them were already soaked and the rain did not pass any signal that would pass early. A step from Steve was always followed by lightning. In between the thunderstorms a cannon was heard. Someone was not as fortunate as them. The young men kept running. When they stepped into a pool, they spotted a lake and the rain abruptly stopped. One more day had begun. The tributes stopped gasping.
Through the lightning of the last hour, Rogers had to leave his knives behind. At the moment he had only the metal discs that were in the bottom of his backpack. There was no time. The careerist was already close. Yet he ran to open the bag.  He had just grabbed a record as a trail of blood covered his shirt.  When he looked up, a cannon sounded. This was not his blood, he realized. The careerist had died by the hands of Peter. A small knife gripped the thigh of the red tribute, and the wire around his neck cut at his throat. The 7th district boy was more prepared than Steve had thought.
Rogers was ready to enter the bakery without Tony when heard the sound of a extremely loud rock associaded to the noise of wheels. A ridiculous expensive orange car came with super speed and stopped in front of him. A really late Tony pulled out dressed with a beautiful dark blue suit. His hair was going in every direction possible. Perfectly messed, as Tony called. That shining deep brown eyes were covered with silver glasses. His lips were molded on his classic smirk.
"Trust me", said Steve as he put those fruits in Peter's hand. "Trust me", he emphasized. The boy just nodded.
"Would you prefer it to be the result of betting? I saved you because I did not want to lose my precious fortune", Stark snapped.
"Yes? I mean, why not? I've done more for less handsome faces.  You are definitely at the top of the list if that helps". Tony added as a seriousness that made the situation totally disconcerting to Steve.
- Yes. I drew last month. After our mission in Belgium. - Tony raised a eyebrown. He focus was definitely on It now.
Peter's words had already attracted attention. Sounds of footsteps have taken over the night. At least two individuals were approaching. Steve got down as fast as he could. The boy was frightened.
After a few moments he realized that everyone's attention was distant from him. Well, all of them except  a young man in his 18s.  The dark-haired man looked puzzled.
- You are incredible reckless - Tony shooted on both of theirs weapons, threatened another discharge when the mans raised their hands on surrender. - I think I never been more in love with you - complete a really excited Stark. Steve stand on left side of Tony with his shield back.
Fury had warned him not to show everything he knew at the outset.  He was from District 12, people hoped the only thing he could do was take out coal. That could be an advantage, which he did not want to lose. The blonde then started with more complex traps.
"Relaxing, don't you think?", said Steve, looking up in frustration at the young man who just laughed.
"I'm sorry, Mr. Rogers. I'm sorry", he boy murmured again. The blonde's hands were running through the boy's hair as he whispered soothing words.
Before he realized two days had passed. The 99th edition of the Hunger Games will officially start today. Steve was already dressed in beige pants, a white T-shirt and a black jacket. Beneath his sleeve was a small brooch of a blue and red star, a small reference to America that people seemed unable to disassociate their image.
"I said handsome, actually", tried Tony one more time. "Bad start, I'll admit. It's just ... you're different. After what you did to help the kid of your district, and then Peter, I could not let you die", he paused. "Not one more". The brown eyes seemed to be hazy with past memories.
Tony's hands touched Steve's hair while the blond deepened the kiss. They forget about everything except one another. Rogers was ready to lay the other man down when felt the brunette break the kiss to breathe. One second looking away from Steve's eyes, Stark was able to see a drawing on the floor.
"It's all right, Peter. You'll be fine", his lips lifted into a reassuring smile in between the tears.
"You're just a child, Peter. A good boy. You deserve to live. More than me", Steve argued. "That's my decision. I will not change my mind, you know that". Tears were already beginning to appear in Peter's eyes.
- Can't relate - It's was incredible how stubborn the Stark was. It definitely runs in the family. Steve couldn't help but smile.
"I do not think liking would be the case. More like 'I bet you a fortune on you'. And stop calling me sir. I'm not that old", the blond said, looking humorous. "Just Steve is fine".
O’Shea eyes widened in panic and he began confessing how he was siphoning money out of the accounts, trying to keep it all level so it would go virtually undetected. Steve was an incredibly intelligent man but he also trusted O’Shea so he never looked into the files himself. Dugan had brought to his attention what was happening with the others but this?
“I would if I could but I think between dinner and dessert, I’m going to be out soon,” Clint said softly. “
When Steve got to the kitchen, Tony knew instantly he shouldn’t be there. Steve needed his mother. Did something happen? Did they fight? It didn’t look like a fight. But James disappeared and Steve looked heartbroken. It was none of his business. And so he turned to his brother.
Tony put the whisk down and pulled Steve down to him without bothering to answer his question. He needed to kiss him, to feel him close. Only when he felt the urge to breathe did he break the kiss.
“I just hope you’ll like it,” Steve said, grabbing Tony’s hand and pressing a kiss to his knuckles. “I have one last errand to run this afternoon and then I’m all yours. It’s only a quick one and then tomorrow it’ll be just us for a while.”
“I’m sorry about that, Tony. I’m happy you can start up again.” He hesitated but figured he’d rather keep Tony talking for a bit than avoid seeing the face Tony was sure to make at the mention of the new clothes. “What did you get up to today?”
Steve looked over at him and felt even worse. Not only was he doing nothing but the only something he could actually say he
They reached the gym of the other building and Steve made sure to lock the door behind him. It had two latches and a deadbolt. Falsworth was in the gym when they arrived, going toe-to-toe with a sandbag and he nodded to them as they passed.
“Now you’re just asking for more pain. There has to be an easier way to find it out?” He sat on the floor in front of Clint and looked to the window. Of course he wanted out of there and back to his life but was this really the way to go?
Tony was caught between laughing and crying over Steve‘s words. He wiped his eyes and got up to go back to Steve.
“It was nice to have you here. It’s going to be much quieter without you,” Tony told Clint as he hugged him. “Don’t forget to call whenever you miss me.”
Steve couldn’t even find the will to say whole sentences, so happy, keeping his face pressed close to Tony’s he sighed again. He didn’t want to be greedy. This was already more than he should’ve gotten or taken and yet he wanted so much more. He wanted to hold him like he
James was about to tell Natalia about the other gift he was planning when she cut in and took them down a different route of conversation.
, because I worried you’d think I was a pervert,” Steve said quietly. “But as far as I’m concerned, I love you for you, not for your age.” He wanted that firmly in Tony’s head with no doubts.
“Well, I can’t do much comforting if I’m the one being cuddled, can I?” This was a constant issue between them. Well, not exactly an
“You missed me?” Steve asked, grinning as he folded his paper and put it down on the coffee table. “I haven’t left your side, doll.” He smirked, pulling Tony up onto his lap properly so he could kiss him.
“If he wants. We’ll see. Nothing out of office, though. I don’t want that for him. His father will be enough. Not more than that,” he told her. He didn’t want Tony losing any more of himself than Howard had already caused him to. He would never be sending Tony on any violent errands.
“I hate it,” James admitted, hoping to kill two birds with one stone—distract Clint from having any flashbacks and get him away from snooping about their holiday.
“Well, good. As I’m sure you know,” he began, walking back to his spot and grabbing his hat, “I don’t take lightly to liars.” He put it back on and then asked for a bag of sandwiches to be wrapped up. “You two, get something too,” he told Dugan and Jones, and then shortly thereafter they left, on to the next place.
Steve registered the movement, about to protest Tony leaving. He thought he was leaving because of Steve being there but then he felt a warm, gentle hand in his hair and he sighed happily, a sleepy smile on his face. “Thas luv’ly,” he barely managed, sleep threatening to win out. How he didn’t want to sleep! He wanted to keep talking to Tony. Tony who was right there! Tony who was playing with his hair! And… and…
“Done,” he told him. Seàn would be going through initiation soon. Dugan noticed Tony for the first time now and chuckled. “Looking sharp, lad,” he said
Steve gave Tony a reassuring smile and said, looking only at Tony, “It seems like you two do pretty well together.” He looked briefly at Clint and then went back to Tony. “We were thinking maybe you two would like to spend some more time together. Seems like it might help.”
“You can do whatever you want but I’d prefer you eat and drink a little first. Just to give myself some peace of mind, if that’s alright with you,” Steve said, calling Dugan in, who was keeping guard outside the door, to send him off with a food order before he answered Tony’s other questions. “I’m fine, I had the others with me. Not a scratch. Thank you for worrying though.”
“Falsworth?” Steve called before they left out, curling his index finger back and Falsworth came as called. He got right to the desk and Steve spoke, in Gaelic, “
“Hot damn.” James laughed. “It’s terrible that you’re scared and all but this is really exciting. Will you need me to wrap my big strong arms around you? Because I can do that, no problem.”
“Very rude indeed. You can move in but the thing is that I’m living in Steve’s house.” He pointed to Steve with his thumb. “Yeah, better let me know in advance so I can get a dry bread roll and spam for our favorite meal.” Just the thought of it made him sick. Joking about it with Clint didn’t hurt though. “I’ll see you soon, alright?”
Once inside, Tony took Maria’s favorite book off of the shelf and hugged it tightly. How he missed his mother. That night he dreamt of her and his sister smiling at him.
mention wanting a second one to him?” Steve shook his head. “Then your overthinking means jackshit. Text him. Or better yet, call him. No, wait—I’ll do you one better. Go to his shop and ask him out like he did you at the firehouse.”
Tony looked at James, playing idly with the spoon in his hand. He wasn’t necessarily nervous, just very aware of with whom he was. And of course what, or rather who, this was about. “Yes,” he said, nodding. “I told Steve this already. There’s one thing I want him to answer me.”
“I—thank you. Yes, Daisy,” Phil said, something in him warming at the thought of Clint not only telling his mob boss partner about his daughter but the mob boss actually remembering.
Tony closed the book once he was done and spoke with Benni about the ending until the young one fell asleep mid-sentence. It was adorable. He kissed his forehead, made sure he was tucked in, and then headed to his and Steve’s room.
He didn’t even know how to end that sentence. He knew James would be more understanding than anyone else. He
“Ah, well,” Pinky began, “the war. I was the lone survivor of an ambush. Cap and his men found me and saved me and I joined them.”
Tony looked up when he heard him chewing. Maybe eating would help him feel better too? But what if it didn’t? He decided against eating and listened instead. “James doesn’t like anyone when he first meets them,” he said and stared into the middle space between his and Clint’s mattress.
With help from Natalia’s girlfriend, Maria, who worked for the phone company as a senior switchboard operator, they had managed to get through the calls at a pace that kept Steve and James from losing it because, as it turned out, not only was Queens bigger than anyone needed it to be but also had more warehouses and restoration companies than any of them thought strictly necessary. The fact that they didn’t even know what kind of restoration made their search incredibly broad.
Tony left the room and went back to Steve and straight to his bed. He was just about to open his eyes a little when Tony put a hand on his.
“You’re power-texting. Chill. He will respond. Steve’s not glued to his phone like—oh hey, he texted. ‘Hi, Tony, yeah I—’” Tony snatched his phone back before Rhodey could finish reading. Rhodey was laughing.
“You know the mayoral candidate? Laufeyson?” Steve nodded. “Well, he hasn’t been as pliant as I would’ve liked. A few weeks ago he had Clint followed after coming to his bar to get information on me. Clint got away. Almost as easily as he did from you this morning.” The corner of James’ mouth lifted in a smirk and Steve rolled his eyes.
Steve chuckled and then glanced up at Tony, worried. “Do you have anything else to do? I can find you something else.” He didn’t want Tony to have nothing to do because then he’d be bored and he didn’t want him to go home because then Steve would kill someone.
Steve looked at the pictures. The melted leather seats and dented metal from the high heat. The shattered glass all over the floor and burn marks and ash turning the checkered tile almost solid black. He flipped to the next report and saw much of the same. He did that a few times, looking at each one. There had to be something they were missing. How was this person so close and yet getting away with these so effortlessly?
He turned his head to see his sleeping fella beside him, cradled in his arm, his face pressed into Steve’s side as he continued to sleep. Steve was determined not to move so he could bask in this moment a while longer.
Clint wasn’t really a fan of the crime show, it sounded too much like his teenage years for his liking but he enjoyed the company. He didn’t smirk at Tony like he wanted to, not after seeing the way he responded to the wink, but he did softly knock his knee against Tony’s when he sat, giving him a grin and thanking him for the dessert.
Sarah sat back and hummed, thinking. She chewed her bottom lip like Steve did when he was deep in thought. James smiled at the similarity.
“Good to see ya,” Steve told him, clapping a hand on his back. He had been doing all the driving lately seeing as Dugan’s arm was still in a cast for another week.
“Uh…” Steve said, looking back at the coffee that was still dripping slowly into the pot and then back to the
“Ready to blow this joint?” Steve asked, holding out a bag to him. It was a fresh hot dog he’d picked up on the way. James did well with the menu here compared to other hospitals but hospital food would always be hospital food.
“I know,” she said with a smug grin and then her expression grew more serious. “I’m glad I did too. Sure, Lucky’s going to miss you but what am
He wanted everyone to be absolutely crystal clear on their roles and responsibilities far ahead of time and he wanted to make sure everything was already operating smoothly before he left. He didn’t want to leave Dmitri with problems to fix, although he completely trusted him to make any necessary spontaneous decisions without needing to contact James. He was only to contact him in the event of an emergency.
As soon as he heard Steve moving, Tony was right next to his bed and looked at him in relief. He had more color in his face. “You don’t have to apologize,” he said and reached for Steve’s hand and kissed it softly. “A lot has happened. I can't even begin to imagine how you must feel.” Tony was very happy to hear his Steve again, even though he looked so sad and tired. He leaned down and pressed a loving kiss to Steve’s cheek. “Let me get you something to drink. You must be parched.”
All in all it was a lot like the situation he had been in just one year ago. This time he didn’t have his brother to worry about and he wasn’t going through it alone. That was something.
After some time spent admiring his handsome fella and pondering their life together so far, Tony got up to get a glass of water and his book. He knew that he wouldn’t be able to sleep now with all these thoughts in his head.
He walked up the stairs, removing clothing as he went, and walked down the hallway of the second floor, hesitating when he got to Tony’s door. He pushed it open enough to peek in and see him sleep. So peaceful. While he slept, his face didn’t have any of the hard lines he had developed too early on in life from the hardships he endured. He looked rested and happy there on his side.
He turned to look at Tony in the darkness but all he could see was the vague silhouette of him. He exhaled shakily, trying to keep his voice low. The last thing he wanted was for the men to come in and hit him while he was already down.
“Tony,” Rhodey began, bringing his hand up to his face and sighing despite the traitorous smile playing on his lips. “Why would I know how Steve is in bed? Don’t even—whatever. I’m just glad you had a good time. Second date?”
Steve showed him a few other rooms like downstairs toilets, closets, where exactly the door leading to the other building was, and then they reached the living room.
Steve was confused though. So Tony knew he liked fellas before now? Or it wasn’t until he developed feelings for one that he knew? Or… “Probably,” he said, in answer to the last thing he said, “mine saw it in me. So… you like both then?”
Tony was at Coney Island Hospital on the top floor in a private wing. He’d been in a coma for a week now but was expected to make a full recovery. He had a huge room to himself complete with couches, a wonderful view and the best staff the hospital had to offer. The hospital was owned by none other than James Romanov.
“Good job,” he told him, glad to hear Tony was alright after going back there. He moved away, back towards his desk. He understood Tony’s thinking behind it but still found it cute that he had brought back food for them to use.
At one point he tilted Clint’s head back and it rested against James’ bare thigh, James leaning down to kiss him, his hands washing his chest and stomach and then further and beyond.
Clint reached up and pulled James down so they were chest to chest, wincing when his ribs protested a bit but ignoring it so he could wrap his arms around him tightly.
Steve went over to the man and looked down at him, his hands in his pockets. “You going to talk today?” he asked and the man averted his gaze. Steve swung his arm out, a sharp, controlled movement, and hit him so hard he nearly toppled over but Steve caught the chair and then wondered if he shouldn’t have just let him hit the ground.
.” Steve leaned all the way up now, his elbows rested on his knees, his face sincere but his tone non-negotiable. “I know it will take some gettin’ used to,” he said, dropping G’s the tireder he got but also the more relaxed he got. “But this—” he gestured to the room around him and then a wider motion to include the house “—is yours now. And Benni’s. Perhaps a slightly easier truth to accept for now is that no one can stop my ma from doin’ anythin’ she’s put her mind to.”
“See, you two are at fault. Besides, it’s not like it’s something we haven’t seen. We’ve all watched po—”
“I’m not going to leave you. Especially not if you look so sad,” he said and moved to kiss Steve’s forehead, his nose and then his lips. “But it would be good for you to sleep. You have a lot of healing to do.” Maybe Tony would nap a little. Once he was sure Steve was truly asleep. If he managed to fall asleep, that was.
At the sound of the doorbell, which Steve only assumed was rang out of respect for their privacy and not because James forgot his key, Steve closed his sketchbook, reaching down to card his fingers through Tony’s hair.
“But Clint and I? His life was fine. He had friends, this bar, a safe home. There’s nothing I’ve done that he couldn’t have done for himself. The only thing I’ve done for Clint is put his life in danger,” James confessed, his voice tight from the effort it took to keep it from breaking.
Steve used his shoe to turn the man’s face left and right, see the sunken in cheeks from malnourishment and the black eye, the cuts—some healed, some fresh. As in
Steve smirked, sliding one leg off the couch and then cupping his hands securely under Tony’s bottom, squeezing his ass but not too hard in case it was still bruised. He hadn’t really seen Tony without his clothing in a while, he hadn’t felt comfortable.
Tony smiled and kissed Benni’s cheeks. No one had a sweeter littler brother than him and that was for sure. It was nice to see his character coming through more and more. He was still timid and shy around strangers but the boost in self-confidence was obvious and refreshing. Tony couldn’t wait to see who his Beniamino would grow up to become.
“I worry you got a raw deal in choosing me,” James said honestly. “You—Tony was saved from something bad. I brought you
“Oh, pet, thank you,” she told him, relieved beyond belief. Oh she felt like she could breathe again after holding her breath the last few hours. She stood and hugged him. Both because she wanted to and because he was due for another hug. She kissed his hair and then pulled back, her face going sad again. “But they’re not together. They were when they were your age but… not now. What you saw tonight, that… that was something else.”
“No, probably not.” He sighed, looking around their small room. “At least this is better than being alone. For me, anyway.”
Four weeks. A month. That’s how much longer he had to go but it was finally over and Steve felt like a brand new man. He stretched, gently though because the skin was still a little tender, and headed for the door on his way out. He was healed enough that he’d been cleared for light activity and best of all, he could go home.
“I am good with a gun but knives are my specialty. I’m guessing a close range kill isn’t what you’re going for,” James said easily and Steve glared at him for not choosing his words more carefully.
Moments later Steve was back in his bed and James checked for blood on the bandages while Steve grinned.
The second time he was caught he knew it was going to be nearly impossible to get away from them. He saw the gun holstered in the chest strap and reached for it without even thinking about it. Steve had taught him and even though he didn’t think he would ever have to remember it again, he did now. He cocked the gun and shot the man in front of him. With trembling hands he cocked the gun again and shot blindly into the snow until all six shots were fired and he was left without ammo.
Was it enough for Steve? He wasn’t sure. Maybe there was more to why he was always putting himself between his men and danger. Why he went right back to work after being shot, throwing himself in the midst of everything. Why he got back up when he could’ve stayed down with Falsworth. Maybe he just never gave up, maybe he thought he deserved it. Maybe he danced a fine line between the two.
Tony stayed close to Steve after Dugan had promised his loyalty, feeling how Steve was holding him tighter as well. How could anyone ever betray him? The betrayal of Falsworth hurt Tony and he couldn't even begin to imagine what it must’ve done to Steve.
“Aw pet, that’s a shame. We’ll wait for you at dinner.” She went over to place one sandwich in front of Steve and gave him a kiss on the cheek before she left with Tony and headed home. Nowadays it was usually just her and him during lunch, especially seeing as Tony was still not back to work by order of the big boss himself.
All in all he was in surgery for five hours. They lost him once more and panicked but managed to get a pulse back and close him up. The prognosis was good but it would be a long road to recovery.
It was hard for James to grasp just how much had happened today. Tony’s hand, Clint’s nightmare, Bakuto, he and Steve’s chat. In fact,
The realization of those words hit Tony and he covered his mouth as he thought about their true meaning. “You?” He asked, breathless. “Him?”
“Gotcha.” He turned. “Tony!” he yelled and a moment later a door upstairs clicked open and a man came out with his head down, looking at a tablet.
“Tell me your thoughts on all of this,” Steve said after a moment. He knew he would have question upon question if the roles were reversed. Why did this man—
They fell into silence again, each processing this information. Tony and Clint had probably talked about this, said their goodbyes to each other when they thought they had reached their final moments. They wondered when it had first dawned on them, when they had first concluded that no rescue was coming.
Tony watched him for another second or two before returning to his mattress and breaking the dry bread roll in smaller parts and eating them as slowly as humanly possible. The slower he ate, the longer he was going to eat and maybe that would make his stomach stop aching.
“That’s definitely a start. I’m gonna head back to the office and pour over those past case files. I’ll text you if I find anything else of interest that my entire forensics team managed to miss,” Jessica said with an eye roll so deep it made Steve’s eyes hurt just thinking about it. “Thanks, guys.”
The room was so warm. So inviting. And it had everything Tony ever dreamt of. The bed was bigger than Tony’s and Benni’s combined, the rug looked incredibly expensive and brand new. Not like any of the rugs they had in their small home. Nothing in that room could be compared to what Tony used to have. He spotted the pictures on the shelves and his breathing hitched. There his mother was smiling at baby Benni in her arms. Next to it his mother, sister and brother—he had cut out Howard and with that himself years ago—and then pictures of them separately. How he wished they were there with him. How he wished they could get all this and not him.
“Now, I hope you haven’t eaten. I brought enough for all of you. Dmitri is just getting proper dishes for everything,” Sarah said and started unpacking boxes full of delicious smelling food.
“I…” He was so confused. “Tony,” he finally decided on after much thought, “when James was here and you saw us together… he told me he’s still in love with me,” he explained, slowly, wanting Tony to get every word so he understood why Steve was startled by him asking those questions. “He left and you haven’t seen him since because I didn’t return the feeling. Because I’m in love with someone else and he knew it. He knew it before I did, I think.” He was watching Tony, waiting for a reaction, still holding his hand.
doing was annoying Tony who was being so good about it and so patient with him. Steve knew he was being childish. He just needed to grow up and accept that he would be in that hospital bed for another month.
“Yeah, actually,” Steve said, his hands resting on Tony’s thighs. “It’s a serial arsonist we’ve been after for a few years and a recent fire matches his style. We think he’s going to hit another place here in Brooklyn soon.”
They headed over to his desk and he switched on the lamp, looking over the maps and documents and information they had. Steve watched James quietly compare notes he and Dmitri had made, getting to work without even needing a second.
Once was unfortunate, twice was a pattern, and it was one that James would do everything in his power to break. He didn’t see Christmas ever being a fun, relaxed time again with either them or Steve and Tony. Twice now something awful had happened around that time. He knew that he would be extra vigilant, extra weary, this coming Christmas and he could only assume the same of Steve.
she can see us today. As if you don’t control her schedule.” James grinned. “Perhaps,” Clint repeated again, shaking his head.
He stood with Tony safe in his arms and carried him upstairs, lying him carefully on the bed before slowly removing his clothing.
“Thank you, Edward.” Tony looked disgusted and Steve arched a questioning eyebrow. “Not a fan of gratitude?”
“How was your afternoon?” he asked him, just wanting to hear Tony’s voice and get his mind off of everything else for a minute.
The deli was closed until further notice. Howard Stark was… being kept in an undisclosed location. Steve visited often, much to Howard’s misfortune. Benni was in the best and safest hands Steve knew of—Sarah Rogers’, at Steve’s home. He seemed to be enjoying himself and Sarah certainly loved having a little boy around again.
Steve wanted to take Tony to Northern Ireland. Spend some time there in the countryside, live the simple life for a while. Keep him out of harm’s way and be in a place where Steve could see a threat coming from miles in any direction.
He listened to the sound of Steve’s heart beating and let the steady rise and fall of his chest relax him even more. Steve’s arm was wrapped lazily around him, holding him securely against him, and his eyes were closed.
“Hi. James and Nat have both told me you’re the coolest person in the house,” Clint said, putting on a friendly smile. “I’ll eat anything but concrete and even then a little ketchup could change my mind.” He winked at Benni and James chuckled beside him.
try? Seeing as they were even weaker than before and, not to mention, injured, it seemed impossible to plan anything. And what were their options now that there were more guards who made sure to knock on their door every now and then to remind them that they were out there?
“Nothing to apologize for. I’m no stranger to sibling spats. I’m a baby brother,” Clint said, even though he and Barney had a very different relationship to Tony and Benni. It hadn’t always been bad, it just ended that way. “Most important thing here is that Benni likes Lucky, so that’s one worry I can throw away.”
“But why can’t I come to Ireland too?” Benni was starting to get upset, even though he tried not to show it. The little quiver in his voice gave him away.
Unable to move more than turning his head and looking at Steve, panting heavily, he smiled weakly. “So good,” he whispered.
“Sam’s diner. You’ve been there, Meech, you can vouch for it,” Clint said, remembering that morning when he and Natasha had gone there to eat only to be ambushed by Steve. Dmitri had been there too, seemed pretty chummy with Sam, so he assumed it was not his first time either.
“Of course not,” James said, feigning innocence. Sarah rolled her eyes and came over to hand him the box and press a kiss to his cheek, Benni behind her and he gave James a hug.
“Why wouldn’t I want to stick around?” He asked, confused. “I love it here.” It was the best thing that ever happened to him and as long as Steve wanted him around, Tony would stay with his brother.
“Food would be nice, if you don’t mind.” He nodded, feeling like an awful burden that he had to depend on others. “I’m... it’s nothing I can’t handle.” He shrugged. “I’m just glad to see that Benni is fine.” Benni smiled, holding Tony’s hand.
“You two not sticking around for dessert?” Sarah asked and James shook his head. Benni looked disappointed and James almost changed his mind just to make the boy smile but Clint, as always, was his priority.
He sighed deeply and leaned in to kiss Steve who let him. He pulled back and patted his leg. “I’m going to go.”
she asked in Russian, leaning back more comfortably on the couch. Maria continued to roam the office, looking out one of the windows now and not seeming to mind that she could no longer understand.
, get in the car now,” Dugan said, helping him into the passenger seat and then going around to the other side, all the while shouting at Jones and Falsworth to get the other two who had run off.
!” He said more forcefully when Steve wouldn’t give up. “Stop it. You’re going to hurt yourself! Isn’t this bad enough for you? Shot, stabbed and beaten up?”
And then five minutes was up, Steve’s peace was crumbling and he couldn’t keep his eyes shut, a different issue coming to the foreground and James went to the back for now.
Tony sat down on the couch, unable to stand up anymore. Being able to let himself heal without new injuries was a new life to him.
James pulled back after a few seconds and smiled, exhaling steadily. He opened his eyes and looked up at Clint through long, dark lashes.
He lifted his head to press kisses to every bit of skin he could find, lingering on the scars, kissing the very outer edges of bruises so it didn’t hurt, all the way down to Clint’s hip bones that were a little more prominent now.
Steve smirked against Tony’s skin, inhaling deeply and loving that he could be right where he was without any worries or fears. “I love you too,” he said, “the rest you’ll have to translate for me.” His eyes were still closed and he tightened his grip on Tony, pressing a kiss to his chest.
Clint sighed, trying to physically push out the bad thoughts. He bent down to pick up a piece of paper that had fallen under some crates when a hand touched his back.
They started eating without Steve—but not without saying grace—because Sarah wanted Steve to sleep in properly. By the time they were done and had talked about what Benni had learned, it was nearing noon and there was still no sign of Steve.
“Cap,” Dugan said, opening the door for Tony, a tray in his hands with the lunch he had prepared on it.
He glanced over in the darkness that was slowly dissipating as the sun rose—and how long he had been out, he had no idea—to see Tony’s slender form curled up on his mat, bruised and bloodied and seemingly unconscious.
“Would… do you want them?” He held the chain with one hand and lifted the other to rest the two little pieces of metal in his palm. “They’re my dog tags.”
Tony had to swallow several times to get rid of the lump in his throat. “I’ve heard of you. Not much.” He realized that Clint didn’t need to actually hear words. It was enough for him to read Tony’s lips. And so he formed silent words. “Are you okay?”
There was a shuffling sound and then Bakuto’s voice came through clearly on the phone. His pain and anger aside, James couldn’t help the pride he felt at Clint’s snarky little remark. Just the fact that he still had that fight in him. He hadn’t lost his brazen dumbassery, they hadn’t broken his Clint.
Steve carried on talking. “I’m from Belfast,” he said, “but I only lived there until I was about four, then we came here. I didn’t speak any English at the time. My… father had a firm Gaelic only rule in the house. I didn’t mind, I loved the language. I still do.” He skipped over any other memories of his father and then said, “Coming here was hard at first. Very different. I hated it. I was small and talked ‘funny,’” he said, “and I got bullied a lot. That’s how I met James actually. Not—he wasn’t a bully. He scared some others off though. I started following him around like a lost puppy even though he was two classes up from me. I think I wore him down rather than him liking me from the start.” He laughed, remembering that made him grin.
love you,” he said softly. “I was scared you’d hate me if you knew… it’s... a lot to get used to right now. Bear with me?”
Tony smiled, tilting his head to one side as he watched Clint. “That's very romantic. You better invite me.” He stretched a little and looked up when he heard steps coming down the stairs. Benni hesitated before coming back into the kitchen, silently heading for Lucky and petting the dog.
“Smart,” Clint said, although not sure he would’ve been able to do the same thing if the situation was reversed. He had nothing of James’ and he wished he did. “There’s just so many people I wish I could say goodbye to.”
It had hurt him to realize that his intentions, his motives, weren’t clear. That Tony thought he wanted something from him when really he wanted something
Steve laid there for a minute or two. Almost five, he’d say. It was so comfortable. Tony was the right amount of warm. He’d put on some weight in the last few months too so he was comfortable to lay on. He wondered if he was too heavy on him? And then Tony moved slightly and that wonderful Tony-brand scent wafted his way and he found himself caring less.
“He’s stable. An inch further up and we would be having a different kind of conversation. He’ll be in his room in a few minutes.”
“Have you been good? Are you eating properly?” He asked and combed through his hair. The boy pulled away and wiped his tears, nodding. “Good. You’re so brave,
Two tires were shot out, the car swerved, Dugan unable to control it, and hit a fire hydrant head on. Dugan was down for the count, his head on the steering wheel, blood trickling down. Jones was quiet too, leaning back, his mouth open. Steve had been thrown onto the floor, feeling the familiar tear of his stitches as he caught himself.
If not even Sarah was telling her boys to eat and sleep, then no one else was trying to get themselves stabbed or shot by doing so.
“Maybe not feelings then, but I knew you missed what you two had. Hopping from bed to bed isn’t healthy for someone with a heart as soft as yours. I wanted you to have some stability.” He gave her a small smile. He really was her priority. “I knew James could provide that. Tony’s life at the time was turbulent at
Steve chuckled and made space for Tony on the piano bench. He showed him notes to play on the left side of the piano. Once he was sure he had the hang of it, Steve counted the rhythm and made Tony play a small variation. Every time Steve moved his hand to another position there were conflicting emotions in Tony. Was he doing it all wrong? Was Steve upset? And how did he manage to make this moment so intimate that all Tony wanted to do was undress him there and then?
“I’ll be back in to check on you later, Stevie,” James said, giving him one last worried look and then a nod at Tony before leaving.
When he finally realized what he was doing, thinking, and feeling, Tony nearly jumped. Not wanting to wake Steve, he slowly moved away from him and got up.
“I won’t. You know I only do it to keep you safe,” Steve said, gently reclining them both down onto the bed again, keeping Tony in his arms. “That’s all I have to tell you for now. Let’s end the night on a lighter note. I don’t know if she told you but ma wants your help with Thanksgiving dinner. James and his guy are going to join us.”
but something that Clint constantly had to remind James of. “Come on, time to be the little spoon, Romanov, you don’t scare me, pal.”
“I’ve seen you look worse,” Steve said from behind Tony, leaning against the doorframe, his hands in his pockets and expression soft. “Shocking as it may seem. And I fell in love with you then. These injuries… they make me sick because of the thought of you in pain but you’re still my beautiful Tony. Nothing’s changing that.”
“So how much next time, Stark?” Dugan asked and it was very clear that he was frustrated with having to ask a second time.
Steve ground his teeth and swung, catching Falsworth on the jaw. Falsworth hit Steve again, lightning quick, punching him just above his stitches but it hurt worse than it should. Steve looked down, a second circle of blood growing on his white shirt.
Steve nodded, sighing and closing his eyes. He dragged a hand down his face. “I wonder if there’s the possibility of—” He stopped his thought, his tired eyes going to James who gave him a questioning look and then understanding lit up his features and he frowned.
“I am though,” he argued softly. “Very, very greedy and you’re all the evidence I need. I…” He paused, licked his lips. “If I was even half the man you deserve, I wouldn’t keep you shacked up in here all the time. I’d be showing you the world, giving you reason to choose me and not see who else is out there. I love being your first but I do worry about it too. That I’ve taken away your choice. I don’t ever want to lose you but… are you sure? About me?” He knew this was a topic they’d been over before but Steve still had a hard time settling his conscience over it—and honestly he didn’t even know his conscience still worked until Tony had come into his life.
“Tony,” Steve said reassuringly, “sit. It’s alright. Mary,” he finished his directions to her in Gaelic and she looked surprised but did as she was told and promptly left. Steve took out what he needed and gently worked on one of Tony’s other visible wounds. “My ma worked as a nurse up until a few years back, taught me a thing or two,” he said, smiling fondly. He reached for Tony’s shirt and again waited for permission.
, Steve wanted to say but kept that to himself as well. He finished one half of his sandwich and sat back, one hand resting on his chin, the other across his chest, and his eyes focused on Tony. He finally removed his hat and set it on the table away from their food and drinks. “How old are you?”
Tony pulled him back and shook his head. “Not gonna happen. You said you’d be mine after taking care of business. I’m holding you to that.” He kept his voice low in order to not disturb Benni and Sarah who were focused on the story.
“Forming new habits takes time. All I needed to know for now is if he’s safe or not and if he’s going to handle it. Why it happened and how he can prevent it from happening again is not as important and can be figured out another time. He’s alive and he’ll heal. That’s all the information I need.”
“How much did you pay last time?” Dugan asked, his arms folded over his chest, one hand reaching up to stroke his mustache as he spoke. Jones stood slightly behind him, holding a small black book with their account records in it.
Steve smiled but it was sad. “I’ve recently been forced to learn the importance of being able to rely on people, to know on whom I can count.” He pulled off a bit of muffin and just held it between his fingers. “Now that I know exactly who that is and is not, I’m not letting any of you out of my sight. If we stake out a place, it’s the four of us. All of us covering each other.”
There was still his paranoia that Clint wasn’t who he said he was but how else would he know about the coffee machine, James’ cooking, and Dugan and Dmitri?
Suddenly he heard a noise, something that sounded like someone putting a cup down too hard on a saucer. Tony didn’t know how far away it was or even where the noise came from. He counted to a hundred to give himself enough time to gather the courage to continue.
Moments after Tony had seen and left, unbeknownst to the both of them, Steve pulled away, finally getting his thoughts together. James moved forward to keep kissing him but Steve pulled away entirely.
“How’s the little one? Is he here?” He knew Benni might be able to cheer Jones up some. He loved that kid.
“Alright,” Clint said, grateful to not have to talk about abusive fathers, even if it wasn’t his own. “New topic. Sandwiches. What’s your favorite and when will you be making it for me?”
James’ other hand was holding the cigar he had lit, his arm dangling lazily off the side of the wide chair they were in.
Tony focused on an invisible spot on the plate he was drying while thinking about an answer. No, he didn’t want to. “And be even more pathetic?” He shook his head and finally put the plate down. “I’ll be okay.”
She leaned against the wall, her arms crossed much like how Steve stood, a happy smile on her face but it was all lip and no teeth, laugh lines prominent on her face.
Clint dragged the back of his wrist across his eyes, sniffling and sitting up. James loosened his hold on him, his own cheeks streaked with tears from listening to Clint, and Clint sat beside him. His lungs felt sore as he breathed in deeply and he had a headache from all the tears but he felt… lighter. Lighter than he had in a long while.
“Aye, aye, Captain,” Tony said before realizing it but he committed, saluting him, and Steve gave him an amused smile before walking back to the communal space. “Did I really just say ‘aye aye captain’? What is wrong with me?”
man—care about him and his home life? But especially Steve, the Irish mob boss who was not known for being kind and gentle.
“He’s a great guy. He never makes me feel bad or inferior.” He let out a sigh. Not even when Tony had nightmares and didn’t know where he was waking up. “It’ll take him some time to open up. Especially since you’re dating his best friend.”
.” He didn’t bother opening his eyes when he replied because if he kept them shut, he could keep that image of Steve above him present a while longer. “Keep those new spots in mind. I loved them.”
Tony moved his lips, wanting to say something but he didn’t. There was a difference between taking care of Benni and him and Tony being together with her son. He closed his eyes and breathed in deeply.
Tony tried to look down at it but couldn’t see it. “Oh,” he said, unfazed. “But no, he’s not here. Left last night.”
it.” He wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck and kissed him again. “On one condition.” He waited for Steve to nod. “Don’t stop trusting me. Ever. You’re all I want. And don’t stop reminding me of what we’ve overcome in the past.”
“Oh god, why does that sound like we’re in trouble?” Clint groaned but the hand holding James’ really did tighten around his fingers and James sandwiched Clint’s hand between both of his.
“I know the feeling. James has a place in France. Said he wanted to go next spring.” He felt his hand tighten around Tony’s when he said James’ name, feeling a pain in his chest. “Where were you and Steve going?”
“Thank you,” he said and smiled at Dugan. “I’ll be back later. Oh and Dmitri could you look after Benni maybe pick him up?”
Going in there had been risky enough, carrying on a conversation when he was so sleep deprived and tipsy was just plain dangerous and then to actually fall asleep in Tony’s bed? Was he
“Good because being with Tony helps but being with you is the best,” Clint said, turning to look at him. James quickly reached over and grabbed his hand, giving it a squeeze before letting go.
They’d realized Tony was gone too quickly for Clint’s liking. A group of men had come in and grabbed Clint, pinned him against the wall and taken turns hitting and kicking. It reminded him of when he was ambushed by Grant, Marko, and Creed outside his bar. James had come to his rescue. Not this time.
Sarah had come to his room one day while Tony was still at the hospital and Benni had peeked his head into Clint’s room but been too timid to come all the way in or speak.
He could tell Clint was listening even if he was only getting a few words here and there. James was no beginner at handling Clint’s low moods. He never belittled Clint’s feelings and did his best to not make him feel like he was more trouble than he was worth. He definitely was not.
Steve hummed happily at the kisses and Tony’s words about Benni. He didn’t often think of himself as someone anyone would look up to, so that was nice.
“Well, maybe since you’re here, Mr Romanov, sir, you could take a look at some of our business dealings,” Clint said a little louder than necessary and James assumed it was for the few busybodies roundabout.
The guilt hit Clint like another kick to the gut, a lump appearing in his throat and a nauseating feeling in his gut. This was all his fault. He had convinced Tony to try to escape. He had sent Tony out only for him to get caught and beaten. If only he had pushed his pride and his past aside and been a good captive, Tony wouldn’t be in the pain he was in now. They wouldn’t be free but anything was better than this.
Steve was almost completely out when he reached out and found Tony’s other hand, resting his on top of it and then he was out, snoring lightly.
Clint nodded, another tear falling that he wiped away this time. James kissed him again. It was sweet and loving and full of reassurance.
“That’s alright. I’ve got more books than I can ever read now.” He gave him a small smile. “Your mom took us shopping. I wouldn’t have gone had she said so but she wouldn’t accept—she probably spent a lot of money. I’m sorry.” He looked at the floor and closed his eyes.
There was a semblance of peace in their lives and for that they were all grateful. In the last year, peace had been nothing more than a laughable idea hiding behind an abstract concept. Month after month had seen its share of highs and very low lows and now things seemed to be on an upswing. Everyone tacitly acknowledged it but no one dared mention it out loud just in case they jinxed themselves.
“We’ll need two coats for each of them as well, scarves, gloves and a big boy hat for Benni,” she said and made Tony sit down. “You be good, I’ll handle everything.” She gave him a glass of water and went to choose whatever it was she just said. Tony was feeling overwhelmed and wanted nothing more than to sleep.
Clint nodded again, closing his eyes and letting the reality of the situation hit him. He was safe, Tony was safe; they were back with James and Steve. Those men were dead and he—
“He’s the troublemaker, I’m the good one,” he teased and Steve nearly choked. Sarah was laughing too. “What?” James asked, faking offense.
He gestured for him and Steve to come over. Dmitri clicked on the loudspeaker function and the room filled with Bakuto’s unpleasant voice.
When the movie ended, they were the first to head out through a way shown to them by one of the ushers.
“Why did we wait so late?” Steve asked quietly, both of them standing in the small patch of trees located behind Loki’s house.
When Sarah passed by the living room, peeking in to check on them, she saw Tony and Clint both more at ease than she had in a long while. That dark cloud that loomed over them wasn’t
“So the assumption is that it’s Bakuto based solely on the fact that it was an Asian man I found at the bar?” Natalia ventured. She trusted James and his judgment but she wanted hard proof.
“Romanov, Rogers, long time no speak, as the Americans say. How are you?” he asked casually as though they were old pals arranging a lunch date. Steve and James said nothing. “Hm, not well? That’s too bad. I think I have something you want.”
Seeing as this was his place of business and not his home, he had no personal belongings or paraphernalia. She knew in his home office that he had a whole row dedicated to his parents and another for Sarah and Steve. Not here. James might not be someone many—or any—wanted to challenge but while the Russians took loyalty to a whole new level, they did the same of volatility.
wealthy he was. He spread out the sheets and sorted through them until something caught his attention. He spread the sheets back out to check something. Even though he couldn’t read Gaelic, he recognized the pattern of the name and it always seemed to be the same. Could it be?
“Let me find out if there’s somethin’ that’ll interest you,” he said and before Tony could tell him to finish breakfast first, Steve was gone.
“What is this supposed to mean, huh?” He pressed the paper into Tony’s face, making it impossible for him to read it. “Strike one?! What have you done?”
Although the idea of Steve and James not giving in did make him smile a little. He didn’t want them to. Yes, he wanted to go home and he wanted to be held by James again but he did not want James to give up anything to whatever asshole had taken them.
“It was in the fight. We’d gone out ten and come back four and it was hard on us all. Some of the men I wasn’t as close to, but it was then that we lost Dernier.” He paused before he continued. “I was in a bar somewhere with Dugan drinking up a storm, Falsworth and Jones just wanted some time alone. Dugan said he had to get back, Emma was waiting on him—the bird he was sweet on at the time—and I said I had to get back to James. Things were quiet for a while before he said ‘I thought her name was Jasmine.’” Steve chuckled and so did Sarah. “Kind of slipped up on that one. He was angry, said some nasty things to me in that moment. The next time we were under heavy fire and I took a bullet for him, you know, the one in my shoulder, he eased up. Eventually came and told me I was a good man regardless.”
Sitting in the living room looking over their travel details, Benni came in to talk to him about the trip, asking all kinds of questions about how far away it was and if it would be the same time there and here. Steve patiently answered every question, even when he repeated a few, and then he wrote down the phone number for their cottage and gave it to Benni for safe-keeping. Sarah, of course, already had this number but he hoped that Benni having his own copy would calm his nerves a bit. He assured him that he could call at any time when he missed his brother.
? That’s a first. I’m so used to you and James going wherever the wind takes ya. Guess you lucked out, ay?” He nodded.
He stepped backwards, trying to pry his eyes away from his reflection. Hideous. That was what he looked like. And not like himself.
“Must you think so damn loud so early in the morning?” James mumbled against Clint’s skin and Clint felt the vibrations of his voice but wasn’t sure what he said. The silence, now highlighted by James’ audio-less speech, freaked Clint out and he reached for his hearing aids. James had removed them at one point so he wouldn’t wake with sore ears.
Tony was irritated to say the least. Why was Clint like this? Only someone who wasn’t really in danger would make light of their situation, right? And only an affiliate of the Asian men wouldn’t be in real danger, which meant he must be one of them! For now Tony decided to ignore him and focus on nothing but Steve. Luckily he had more than enough memories to revisit.
Not even when he was ripped from his mother's arms, without a chance to say goodbye to his best friend, his brother, Bucky, Steve regretted his decision.  He couldn't. It was the right thing to do. That child deserved to live. Steven Rogers would guarantee that.
Screams and exclamations caught the attention of Rogers, the program had begun. Caesar looked more excited than ever.
"Are you the mechanic?". Steve asked. Not taking Stark's eyes off, the winner asked. "The one who sent me the parachutes?" he added with genuine confusion. "Why?"
"I do not want to kill those people. I will never forgive myself. I do not even know if I will actually kill. But" , Steve continued, with remorse.
The mission wasn't difficult, actually. They had to get a some ultra tecnology created by Tony that was stoled by agents of Hydra. Nothing new, thought Steve. Everything gone right. No one got hurt or close to death. Just the usuals scratches. And the weapon was recovered.
"Your biggest problem will be the careerists. You look strong but you have not been trained like them", the winner began. "Do not underestimate them, and you may be able to survive for more than two days."
Steve could not be surprised to see that another parachute was on his feet. Inside the container some bread and a piece of cheese.  Rogers can not help but smile as he reads another note. "Do not make me cry, Rogers. Do not die." If he left, he needed to meet his faithful sponsor. The only thing he knew was that the person was incredibly rich. Peter's medicine and the antidote to the sting he suffered for sure cost a fortune.
- At home? - came the rough and ironic answer - It's seven in the morning. How am i suposed to know that people assault storys this early?
"So touching", Caesar said as applause echoed in the audience. "A real captain's attitude, huh?", and the crowd began to shout. Cinna certainly has overcome himself this time.
- Wait, that's me? - The genius spoke as he moved from Steve's lap to reach the book. Rogers just could get frustaded about the interruption of his previous actions.
At that moment Steve knew that he could not leave the little brother he had found in the arena. This was definitely the last thing he expected from the Hunger Games. Rogers let go of Peter and started rummaging in his pockets. He grabbed small red spheres. Similar fruits are those modified by the Capitol to be mortal.
It had been a long time since Tony had witnessed such an altruistic attitude. The last one had been something her mother probably did.  But to see someone so poor give his life for someone else, a child, increased the anger and fire that Tony kept to himself as much as he could. No one deserved such a cruel fate. It was necessary only a second glance at the man from the meadow for Tony feels that something would change. For the first time in 20 years, Anthony Stark allowed himself to feel hope.
- Do you have more? - Said the genius as he started to pass the pages of the book. Steve was quickly in take that away from him.
"Not really. Not yet". Which was true. Steve did not have much time to get a hold of anyone. He enjoyed the company of some women in his district, but never enough to extend for more than a few months.
- I was talking to Romanoff - answered the dark hair easily and took a seat besides Bruce and Steve. He received only a look as warning by the ex-assasin. He liked to remember the "ex" part.
The day of the interviews with the presenter Caeser had arrived, the eccentric man who changed more of hair than Steve changed his clothes.  He was noisy and captivating to the people of the capital. His function was to animate the population even more until began the narrations of the games.
Night fell and they had moved away from the lake. Surely that place would be targeted for the district 2 tribute. Peter was as well as he could be. Nuts did not stop hunger.  Seated behind stones, they could not help but think about what awaited them next. Only one would be the winner.
"Apparently you'll have to win, won't you?". The crowd has been heard. Apparently they were already interest on that. Rogers forced a laugh and a siren was heard. It was time to finish the interview
Rogers did justice to his uniform.  He maintained a military pose that demanded respect and admiration.  But he did not stop using a slight smile. He did not need the people to confuse attitude with arrogance.
Steve released the bloody disc as he tried to catch his breath. He fell on the ground and allowed himself to observe the birth of another day.  How much coincidence! A few more minutes passed before Rogers spoke again.
"Now", began the blonde. The truth is that his decision had already been made a long time ago  He chose to keep the promise he had made to himself. Your mother would forgive you. She would understand his motives. "Now you kill me", he added firmely
By the time the night had fallen and the bonfire had been very well erased, Peter was lying down.  Steve leaned against a rock and tried to stay alert.
- Thank you? - Rogers wasn't sure If that was a good reason to love someone. But he always wanted to keep the best side of situations.
In front of his house, Steve already carries three squirrels and two rabbits, a result of the traps that his father taught him when he was small. The forest, as a source of survival, also proved to be an escape.  A place where the wickedness of the capital, the destruction and poverty of the country, could not seem to touch.  Steve always saw himself as calm and it seemed to connect with the sound of trees and birds.
"Let's continue with the initial plan", Cinna seemed to love the old military style. The man said that the determination in the blond's eyes as he volunteered for Harley Brandon made him look like a young soldier.  Well, that was definitely the fight of Steve's life. So he was not surprised when his stylist appeared in a dark blue uniform that definitely highlighted his eyes. Brooches adorned his chest. The clothes could exude authority.
"Only one of us will leave alive. It will be you. But I will not force you to kill me", Steve had never thought his death would occur with his own hands. He did not wish it for anyone. But if it was necessary for Peter to live for another 50 or 60 years, he would not hesitate.
"Mr. Rogers?", Peter broke the silence that had settled down again.  "I mean, Steve. What about now?", said the boy in a hesitant, curious voice that made him much younger.
"I'm sorry about your parents". Regretfully replied the blonde. He knew how hard it was to grow up without a father.
The brunette simply aproach his lips of Steve's, but didn't let them touch yet. The captain knew that he was waiting for yours move. A confirmation that was fine. The soldier didn't have the opportunity before shots of guns were heard. The man's faces turned in high speed to see two hooded individuals running from a story.
It was still dawn when they saw a dark silhouette. The careerist. The man should not be more than 22 years old. He was one of those who volunteered only for the desire to become a winner. The boy's hands were adorned with a long machete and a large ax. His tanned face contrasted with his planted, almost white hair. His eyes indicated an expression of psychopathy. Steve felt sorry for him. The games influenced more than anyone could imagine.
The man's eyes were heavy. But he could not succumb to sleep. Definitely not. His throat was dry.  He felt the dehydration making him tired. He could not succumb to that. Not that close of the end. A noise almost frightened him, before realizing that it was another parachute in the capital. He really did not know the situation.
Fury left to give the sponsor entrance. It was not what Steve had expected. The man of average stature was not what It was imagined of a resident of the Capitol. His brown hair looked rebellious. The face was adorned with a perfectly drawn beard, accompanied by a reddish goggles.  He wore a black suit that was certainly ridiculously expensive.  The surprise was that the man did not seem to have any aesthetic modification or wear wigs or strange adornments. Steve can not help but admit that the man was handsome. Incredibly handsome.  Another surprise came to Rogers when he realized he already had seen the sponsor. Not personally. But in the Capitol's TV Shows.The brunette was a big stand out in them. A little darling. The president's son.
At 25 years old, working in the mines was not something unique to Steve. This was the main activity of the District.  From the age of 14, any kid in the area could already venture into charcoal withdrawal. 'It could', in fact, present itself as euphemism.  No child had a choice.  If they were born in the meadow, at least they wouldn't have.  By the age of 12 he would have been begging for the chance to provide something so his family could survive for a few more months or weeks.  Just like Steve himself.  His father died when he was only 12 years old.  He was a mine worker.  A strong explosion took his life as the wreckage took his last breath.  After that, Steve's mother was never the same.  Her smiles were sucked as her health.  Coughs and groans became part of his daily life.  Steve does not remember the last time he saw her off the boards they call bed.
"I promised my mother. I always keep my promises". Steve finally said, keeping his head up. Fury looked at Steve for a few more seconds, sighed, and returned to his cabin. He did not utter a single word. It seems that those words convinced Nick Fury, because days later the instructor already had a long list about the other competing tributes.
"Without further ado, let's get to know the brave tribute of District 12", Effie said as she moved and shuffled the damn little papers that would end someone's life. District 12 would never have a chance to win the games. Not when there were Districts that trained their children to volunteer for games.
"I saw what you did. Well, everyone saw it". It looked like the opponent had finally reached its goal.
"What a relief", sarcasm molded Steve's tone. The man was excited to postpone his death. Fury simply narrowed his eyes.
- You are nice to draw - answer simply the blond. Stark was seeing a picture of him with black tank top. His hair was falling on his face as he built a new armor. In Steve's opinion, Tony has never been more beatiful.
That was a good question, actually. But Rogers never had much opportunity to test his skills as he struggled for survival. Putting it that way did not seem so different from the Games. The difference was in the fact that no one tried to kill him every day. Not directly, at least.
The harvest was the ceremony in which a resident of each of the 12 districts was drawn to be a representative at the Hunger Games. Twelve people, men and women, children and adults, from 14 to 25 years old killing themselves in an arena created by the Capital.  President Stark, in his 68 years, had repeated the phrase enough times that neither Steve, nor the thousands of residents of the country, would forget.  Nothing can outweigh the power of the Capital. With this idea, 98° editions of the games remained firm.
"Why are you doing this?". The boy sat with his hands clasped to his knees, showing some fear. "I mean, why are you helping me?"
"Liked me? It has improved a lot since 'I saved you because you look nice' ", Rogers could not hide the indignation. That man did not know him. He was just another eccentric in the capital. Probably with some fetish for killing. Also how could you expect anything other than a Stark.Tony laughed and Steve only confirmed what he had thought seconds ago.
The venom of those snakes acted very fast, Steve realized. In a few minutes his ankle will begin to swell, his breath starting to wheeze.  He felt on fire. The heat rising from his leg was desperate. Three cannons were heard in the sky. By their accounts, there were still seven tributes in the competition.  Soon, he realized, there were be only six of them.
"Stop!", a voice marked urgently ordered. "Steve Rogers and Peter Parker are the winners of the 99th Hunger Games".
Preparations started early. This day was especially important to get as many potential sponsors as possible. Beauty or charisma always attracted the attention of these people. Steve needed one of them. The beauty part was in the hands of the stylist Cinna. The man of Steve's age was extremely talented. Besides, he always gave Rogers the most normal clothes possible, which he quite enjoyed.
"Here", continued the blonde, delivering some stilts left in his canteen. "That's what we need to do now", he demanded as the boy's eyes softened.
A line of tributes got in order. One by one each representative did his best to make his mark there. Some made jokes, others used the aggressive way, others just laughed. And soon Steve found himself on the stage.
- So am I nak- Steve's lips silented Tony on more time on that night.The short man wasn't complaining at all. That answered the question well. His arms wrapped Steve's neck and his legs grabbed the hips when he felt been lifted up by his lover. The tall man laid Tony in the couch and covered the mechanic with his own body.
- Why? - He couldn't finished the reclamation before Steve lips were put on his. The tall man brought Tony to laid on top of him. He got pressed on the couch. - May I keep this? - Stark manages to said between the kisses, that only got deeper. Steve smiled and returned to cover the brunette's mouth.
"Wow! Very straightforward", Stark couldn't help but get suprised by the aproach. "I expected a thank you to begin with.  But 'why'? Good question, actually". Stark pretended to think. "You are ... hmm ... pretty handsome!?". Tony made the first attempt.
"No, it does not", petulantly claimed the former mine worker, refusing to believe. One of the country's most important men would not simply help him with the kindness of his heart. Steve lived long enough to know that things did not work out that way.
It's been 13 years since Steve took responsibility.  Keep yourself alive so your mother could survive.  For your fatigue, the coins he earns in the mines are not enough.  For this reason, the man needs to make another stop before going home.  His broad body curls as Steve lifts his leg, passes the fence that borders District 12, and enters the woods.
"I'm sure she's already proud", the commander of the night waved. "What about a girlfriend? Do not lie to me", he finished with an eccentric laugh.
"Okay", said the blond in a low voice. Nick studied it for a few moments before repeating two words.
"Congratulations", he said, and Rogers realized how he tried to hide the irritation he felt. Put the metal on the blond strands and smiled, the object faltered at the head of Steve. "Be careful", said the leader softly, and Rogers felt that he was not talking just about the crown.
"And will you?". The dark-haired man folded his arms, but he kept an expression of genuine curiosity.
It did not make sense. Why had that flood stopped as soon as they got where they wanted to? The answer came very quickly. After another glance at the lake, Steve caught sight of something floating in the murky water. The tribute os district 3. Before thinking about what to do next, the district 1 careerist came out from behind a few rocks. He carried a huge ax in his hands. His face was pure anger.
"You?". The questioning fell back on his lap. Steve can not help but repeating the gesture of the child.
In the moment Tony already got close to the blond. Rogers almost forget that he was mad at Tony. Almost.
- C'mon Cap. We both know that you aren't mad. - said Tony on his petulant way. He could feel Steve's breath now.
- Don't need to turn your pants, Cap. - The genius spoke and jumped on the ride of that big bodywork.
- We're so late for that meeting. - The brunette ignored the confusion and pretends the worry. Steve couldn't help but laugh.
"No! No, please, Mr. Rogers. Please!". Tears streamed freely across the boy's face. He cried unconscionably. Steve can not help feeling his own eyes start to burn.
"We must rest at night. Maybe take turns sleeping. The careerists will be looking for us". In the search for water Steve managed to get two rabbits and one squirrel. Peter had picked up some fruit and nuts. The boy had an awesome knowledge about what to eat or not to eat.  Made a quick bonfire, the animals roasted with an intoxicating scent.  At least for those who had not eaten much more than berries in two whole days.
"Thank you, Captain Rogers", Peter said with a threat of a smile. Steve did not hide his displeasure before responding firmly.
"Yes! I promise", said Steve. The boy released the disc before being caught by the blonde in a strong hug.
"No!", cried Peter angrily. The boy rested his eyes on the bloody disk that had been left on the floor and grabbed him before Steve could even figure out exactly what would happen. The brunett carried the sharp material close to his jugular.  No, no, that could not be real.
"You're a lot harder to deal with than I thought", Tony said. "This behavior is making me question certain decisions made". Tony paused at Steve's confused look. He was too serious, Stark thought. An interesting contrast to the little stolen smiles in the arena. This should happen when you realize that a situation suddenly ceased to be deadly. "Okay Rogers. Straight to the point. I ... I just liked you".
"Where did you learn to do these things?". Peter's voice took Steven's focus off the food. The miner imagined that the boy was referring to the hunting and the fire, or perhaps the way he acts in the woods.
"It's all right. It's all right". Steve exclaimed with hands in surrender. "Peter, I will not hurt myself. I promise", Rogers tried calmly. "I swear. I always keep my promise", he added. That was no longer entirely true.
"Do not kill me. Please do not kill me". The tribute exclaimed desperately with a volume far greater than desired in a deadly arena. Rogers offered to bring a finger to his mouth, murmuring silence to the man. A boy, actually.  Steve realized that his opponent could not be more than 15 years old. He had vaguely remembered him. Peter. District 7.
The sound of crushed twigs woke Steve up. When he opened his eyes, he realized that the dawn was approaching. The noise came from the footsteps of a masculine tribute that he could not recognize. The competitor seemed to be extremely oblivious to Steve's presence in that tree. Rogers had planned for things to go on like this. Odds really weren't in his favor. An attempt to hide was interrupted by the twitching of a branch. Instantly the boy rolled his eyes and caught sight of Steve.
"Hi, Peter", replied the blonde, ignoring the question. He stepped back a little and offered Peter some water. After calming down, he remembered the note he had not previously heard. "I'm sorry. Do not die" it said. Steve did not understand about what the mechanic apologized for.
When Effie cheerfully quoted the name written on the piece of paper.  Steve felt fatigue, pain, and his breath came off.  Another year had passed. His name had not been called. But Harley Brandon's had. The boy froze at the sound of his name.  He was only 14 years old. It was one of the children Steve watched grow. How many times had not he hunted to help Harley's mother care for her three children? It never crossed his mind that this boy could be called, it was only one name in thousands. Several, like Steve's, repeated several times by the need to put food on the table.  Maybe that was why Steve had not thought twice about standing in front of the boy and as quietly as he could say,
