Jim grins, apparently vastly amused by John’s anger. “Why would I? He’s the most interesting thing I’ve found here so far.” He leans closer to John. “Oh, I’ve got so much to offer him, don’t you see? Brilliant, vibrant Sherlock Holmes, trapped in this insignificant little place, always under-challenged, always fighting boredom, always this voracious intellect, needing to be fed, oh, the puzzles I could give him. We could rule this world, he and I, and ours, too. Once this war has ground Britain into dust, we can take over so easily, like Germany, so easy. A few lies there, a little fear here, and there you go.”
Finally, Sherlock can't ignore him anymore. "What are you doing?" he snaps.
“There’s a very nice Italian restaurant about five minutes’ walk from Baker Street,” he says, aware that his voice still isn’t entirely steady.
Sherlock reaches into his coat pocket and produces a copper. “For your trouble, Mr. Wiggins,” he says, tossing the coin at Billy, who catches it and grins.
With that, he leaves John standing in the middle of the room, and walks to his station to start setting up.
performance’, which gets him away from most actors because that’s all they care about. He deflected the costume designer with a question about the quick change in Act 2, and the set designer with a highly technical lighting question, and now he’s racking his brain on what to say to the director. He can’t say ‘Interesting interpretation’, because it’s code for ‘It was rubbish and I hated it’. He  can’t use 'nice' or ‘professional’; that’s just plain insulting. He’s finally settling on an observation about how well the director led the actors, while still worrying about that sounding like 'Congratulations on not murdering my husband, the annoying git', when he finally spots Sherlock.
“Soon,” John mutters. “Soon. Just this one more, Mycroft said, and then you can come home.”
Sherlock huffs. “I never guess.”
“No,” Sherlock answers quietly. “It’s not in the report.”
John is getting married. Obviously, John is getting married. Obviously, John is getting married to a non-threateningly good-looking, nice blonde curvy woman who also works backstage, who’s exactly the type of woman John used to flirt with constantly before the two of them became involved. He remembers being insanely jealous of one particular girl at the ticket office, Sarah something or other, who John went out with twice before Sherlock finally had enough and snogged John into weak-kneed submission, and from then on John’s attention had been firmly on Sherlock, where it belonged.
“We’re Switzerland.”
An hour ago, Sherlock was sure that the world had stopped, that nobody would ever do anything interesting ever again, that nothing would ever happen again.
Sherlock huffs, indignant. “I am not drunk.”
This chapter is basically the reason I wrote this fic. I was deeply unsatisfied with the end of TST and couldn't even bring myself to watch TLD and the rest of the mess that was S4, because I felt it was just so deeply out of character for John. So from here on, we go AU from canon, TLD and TFP never happened. Also, like the title says, this is the low point of the story, from now on we move into happier territory ;-)
“Were there any signs of struggle?” Sherlock asks.
John nods at him, and it takes the world’s only consulting detective - and his best friend - to see the miniscule amount of tension going out of John’s body. John gives him a small smile that’s more of a grimace, really. “Good night, then,” he says, and turns without another word and vanishes into the bedroom.
Sent: 2:25 am
But John clings to 221B. And he clings to Sherlock. And Sherlock has often asked himself whether John has just replaced his cane with Sherlock as something to cling to, or if the reason John stays is an entirely different one. Maybe John needs Sherlock. But maybe he wants him, too. Maybe he is the bereft widower who uses 221B as a safe haven before he goes out on his own again. And maybe he’s here because he genuinely wants to be here and nowhere else. The fact that Sherlock still can’t answer that question with any certainty after nine years is disturbing, especially for the world’s only consulting detective.
John feels warm all over, maybe from the cider (he doesn’t usually drink) or the company, or the way she’s touching him. “Yes, let’s talk a bit more about that amputation, that was much more fun.”
“People.” John shrugs and saunters over to where Sherlock is standing, mock-casually stepping into his space. He smiles up at Sherlock and hooks his index fingers into the belt loops of Sherlock’s belt. “So, what are your plans for the rest of the evening?”
The judges huddle for a moment, then they make the announcements. To absolutely nobody’s surprise, Dimmock, whose scones resembled coasters, is out. To absolutely nobody’s surprise, Sherlock wins.
“Our contestants have four hours as usual. Bakers, on your mark, get set, go.”
“Good night, Daddy,” Rosie says, and John acknowledges her with a little wave before collapsing back to the bed.
“What…” John has trouble finding his voice. He clears his throat, tries again. “What…” Apparently, his brain can’t deliver any more than that. In fact, his brain is currently offline.
John laughs. “Would you watch?”
Sherlock shrugs, because yes it was, but it doesn’t make anything worse, because it didn’t reveal anything they both didn’t know before. “But only very moderately self-destructive.”
Half an hour into the evening he's so tired he can barely follow the conversation, and is actually about to leave when somebody taps him on the shoulder.
Sherlock feels brilliant. He could run forever with John by his side. They’re better, faster, stronger, smarter, and they’ll win this, and they’ll go home.
“It was a long time ago. I never talk about it,” Sherlock says. “I wasn’t close to my father. Still, I suppose that counts as the worst Christmas ever.”
John nudges him and holds out his hand. “So?” he says, trying for nonchalant, but coming out nervous. “You want to go home?”
Lestrade gestures at two wooden chairs, and Sherlock and John sit down.
“One good thing about working in a morgue, I don’t have that problem,” Molly observes dryly, earning a round of laughs.
“Can’t you get a bank loan?” John asks, dumping the potatoes he’s peeled into a mixing bowl. “You got a potato masher?”
“You want coffee instead?” Sherlock asks quietly. He’s sitting next to John, looking deeply uncomfortable. But he’s here. And John appreciates it enormously.
He has no idea what to expect when he arrives. He lets himself into John's house with his spare key - that he isn't even supposed to have anymore - and calls out John's name quietly, hoping to not wake Rosie.
Sherlock swallows. “You aren’t,” he says, barely audible.
“What were you thinking? You could have been killed!”
Sherlock shrugs. “Probably not that many. Remember, a year here is much less time on Earth.”
John snorts a laugh and shakes his head a bit. “No, you’re not,” he answers, and there’s a teasing warmth in his voice that Sherlock hasn’t heard directed at him, ever. People don’t usually like him. It’s… unusual, even more than the sex.
"I know some people who are looking for flatshares you might get along with," Molly says, setting her cup of coffee down on the counter.
“AM. Friday. Remember, you invited me over to bake?”
But in the end, he can’t bring himself to lie. “No.”
“They very much don’t,” John answers, gesturing at the house. “They’re just too polite to say so.”
John grins at him in a way that Sherlock thinks he might have to edit out later, or nobody in their right mind will ever believe they’re not shagging. Not that Sherlock necessarily cares what people think.
Fire and sirens. The smell of burnt flesh. Fear, metallic taste in his mouth.
He hates this dream. It’s on repeat in his head almost every time he closes his eyes.
No more time to lose. He grabs John and kisses him, only this time it is nothing like the ones before, because this time, John kisses him back. This time, John takes over, holds his face still and ravages him completely, kisses him thoroughly, deep and soft and sure, tongue and teeth and banked heat. John kisses his mouth open, bites at his lips, licks at them, then delves into his mouth to tangle their tongues, and Sherlock can’t do anything but respond, and moan, and hold still and allow John to kiss him stupid. Sherlock is undone, unstitched, the warmth of it saturates him down to his toes. He’s incapable of thought, incapable of speech.
On the other hand, John needs to talk about this to
“What can we do for you, Mr....” Sherlock asks, eyes keenly on the boyfriend.
“No, I’m…. oh,” John’s voice trails off as he remembers the odd way Sherlock looked at them when he walked in on the wedding planning, and how from Sherlock’s point of view it might have looked like they were planning their wedding. And suddenly it occurs to him that Sherlock has been thinking he’s engaged and… “Oh.”
Sherlock is exhausted. Reaction interviews took forever, and all he wants now is a shower and some food.
“Lead on,” John says, trying to smile. He’s pretty sure he fails.
Everybody laughs, and John decides to change the subject. “I once argued with a butcher about how long a pig’s heart would last in the fridge if it was only taken out and handled for about an hour every night,” John says.
“Go into your mind palace and tell me about the people. Tell me what you can deduce.”
“We spent the night in the woods, and the next day we were trying to figure out what to do when we realised we weren’t alone in the woods. There were men, and they were doing something to that stone circle, you know the one.Well, they caught us watching, and they made us tell them what happened. And then one of them just sort of… laughed at us.” She shudders. “Told us he’d help us disappear.”
One of the main reasons Sherlock wanted (not
“What did you say?”
They follow the group of Fey’a through the woods, and for a while they’re walking in silence. Sherlock is looking around curiously, but seems to have as little idea of where this is going as John.
The week of John’s sixteenth birthday dawns with a bad outbreak of Spring Fever.  Monday he works a sixteen-hour shift at the clinic, even though pretty much all he can do is give people doses of Feverweed and tell them to stay in bed. They admit some of the worst cases, but even at the clinic, they can’t do much more, except make sure the patients stay hydrated.
“I still can’t believe she let you make the cake,” Irene complains.
Of course 221B is still there, and almost nothing has changed. The book he was reading when he left was still on the bedside table. The skull, the chairs, the sofa, his books, his violin, are all still in their place, barely touched by time.
John looks up and their eyes meet. John frowns at him, mouthing, “All right?”
It’s dangerous. He knows this. Sex is one thing, but feelings? Feelings unsettle him, cloud his judgement and sow chaos in the orderly corridors of his mind palace. It took him years to rebuild his life after his second time in rehab. These days, he is rigidly focused and in control. He is the only person in charge of his contentment. And that cannot change, ever again.
Mrs Hudson all but abandons Sherlock and joins in the conversation. “Oh dear, are you telling me that a handsome doctor who can bake doesn’t have a girlfriend? What a waste.”
“Yes, but the Watch thinks it was a Fey'a, because humans don't care about Fey'a crystal, apparently. Seems some humans do,” Sherlock adds, with a gesture at the wall. “I think I'll write an anonymous tip to Lestrade.”
“I know. But I’ve got three days to tech, a new cast member, the lights aren’t done, the stage is a mess, and I’m in rehearsals all day. I need you to pull it together for three days, Mike. Once we’re in tech, you can go on holiday for all I care. But I need a finished stage and every headlight in its place and focused by Monday, otherwise we’re fucked.”
John checks his watch. “When do we need to leave?”
Sherlock is doing a classic apple-cranberry, but he’s doing a crumble top and covering it with thin strips of a lattice lid, which he will caramelise once the pie is done baking.
“What did he ask for in return?”
“Well,” Lestrade says, and John shakes himself out of it, noticing how the entire room has gone quiet. “Cast, go home.”
“No.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes, but he smiles back at John almost automatically. “All right, it was good.”
Oh. Well, I am. Sorry, that is. Couldn’t be helped, but still. - SH
Mary leans back and rests her head on his shoulder. “I don’t know. I just know I don’t want to fuck this up.”
“I shocked your brain out of a panic attack,” Sherlock says, quietly, still very close. He’s looking at John, wary, cautious, nervous. Waiting for John to react.
“You think they were planning on coming back?” John asks, nudging at one of the crates with his foot.
“John’s, definitely. It’s too dry without the jam.”
“How is she like me?” he asks, and fervently hopes that John is too out of it to notice that Sherlock can hardly speak around the lump in his throat.
Sherlock sighs and answers, sounding bored, “Two months. I was the first to arrive here after Mr. Musgrave decided to open the house to evacuees. My parents are friends with Mr. Musgrave, and so they removed me from my boarding school but couldn’t let me come home to our cottage in Sussex, because my father’s with the foreign office, my brother’s at Oxford and my mother’s a mathematician who’s off somewhere doing something for the war effort nobody can talk about. So no, my parents don’t own half of Sussex, but yes, they are rich. They’ll probably look for a new boarding school for me soon, if they don’t forget, which might very well happen.  None of which is of any relevance to the pertinent point.”
Sherlock hesitates and debates with himself whether this was a good idea. “I’ve got a meeting with the BBC about a sponsoring contract.”
He heard it whispered repeatedly in his head, folding napkins, picking a venue, helping Mary choose the menu, going suit shopping with John.
John drains his cold but perfect coffee and follows Mary’s advice.
“We’ll see about that,” Moriarty says, glaring at Sherlock menacingly. He turns and walks away without another word.
He could rejoin the others, who at this moment are running out of the front door again with the ostensible purpose to watch the road to the next village for cars, or the skies for planes (there’s an RAF airfield not far away) but he’s tired from not having slept much, he doesn’t care over much for cars, and he’s had enough of planes for a lifetime.
He takes another drag of his cigarette as he watches John approach him. There’s something going on behind John’s eyes he can’t quite parse.
“Good. Do you remember the train ride? The people?”
But then he drags John off to another adventure excavating mouse remains or sneaking down to the beach to look for fossils, and John forgives him for being an obnoxious arsehole, because he’s also brilliant, and funny, and makes the world a magical place by his ability to look at it like a giant fascinating mysterious puzzle box just waiting to be solved.
John stands on his tiptoes and mouths at Sherlock’s ear, making him gasp. “You live upstairs?” John mutters, hot breath tickling the shell of Sherlock’s ear. It’s ridiculously arousing.
He picks up his dressing gown from the floor and puts it on, then goes into the kitchen to find coffee.
“You were being a pain,” John shoots back, but he seems to have trouble to keep from smiling as well. “Anyway,” he says, clearly shaking himself out of the memory, “fortunately, my phone has a chess app.”
“I know,” John says quietly. He’s been so focused on getting Sherlock some help that he hasn’t had time to figure out how he feels about any of this. It seems pretty obvious that they’re stuck here, at least for the foreseeable future. “The thing is, though, Sherlock, even if you had noticed the explosives, whoever blew the Gate up would have done it anyway, and it would be exactly as gone as it is now. You couldn’t have stopped it.”
When they get home, Sherlock stands in the doorway for a few long moments. “About the kissing…” he says, trailing off because he has no idea how to end this sentence.
“Yes, but come on, if you were angling for a proposal here, it wouldn’t be from the judges.”
Music is so many things now. Music is Rosie singing the Peppa Pig theme song loudly and falsely as she traipses down the stairs at six in the morning.
Sherlock looks down at John’s hand still twisting into the fabric of his coat. John follows his gaze and unclenches his fingers from Sherlock’s sleeve.
Sent: 5:10 am
John laughs and shrugs. “I have no idea.”
John whistles tonelessly. “I always knew he was a tosser, never thought he was stupid.”
Sherlock throws his stone. Seven.
He smells like violin rosin and fresh air, like Mrs. Hudson’s laundry soap and Molly’s grain coffee, chemicals and lavender oil.
“I’m off, then,” the boy says, rising into the air on his gossamer wings.
Victor gazes at him like he’s lost his marbles. “What would you have to apologise for?”
Then again.
And yet.
Sherlock narrows his eyes at her. “Dorset, I’d say, but your mother’s from Ireland. Your parents, who are both dead, owned a potato farm. You lived in an orphanage until you joined the Land Girls, where you met Violet. You’re short-sighted, but your glasses broke, probably when you came through the Gate.”
Walking closely together, spooked and yet unwilling to show it, they leave the circle and walk vaguely in the direction of the village.
The most important thing about Punschkrapfen: NEVER, EVER use the store-bought icing, it’s DISGUSTING. Also, disclaimer: The only time I tried to make Punschkrapfen, it was a disaster, so they’re not as easy as they look. Though, to be fair, I just went with my gut, instead of, you know, following an actual recipe, and that was a BIG mistake. I can improvise while cooking, but never while baking.
“So which of yours is shit?” Molly says casually as she bites into her sandwich.
John wakes up tied to a tree. Which, frankly, isn’t surprising in the least. He feels a bit like every bone in his skull is hurting individually. There’s a low-level pressure on his eardrums and a light humming sound in the air, almost inaudible, more sensation than noise.
“That’s very reassuring,” John says, sarcasm heavy in his voice. But he knows, and Sherlock knows, that John will try, because there’s a few people up there who are likely to die otherwise.
"Ooohhh, today's just full of surprises! Do I get a puppy next?" Jim crooned, clearly finding pleasure in dragging this out.
"You see, John, I was perfectly happy with our previous arrangement. Apparently, I have allowed you to grow confused over where you stand in our relationship." The foot is joined by its pair, and John's head hits the floor again. Fuck, more, he needs more. Sherlock just rests his feet, like John is part of the furniture. But the pressure is enough that John can't find the strength to wriggle free or get enough leverage to ease the pain.
Sherlock maneuvers a hand between their stomachs while he still tries to regain his breath. He wraps a hand around John’s pulsing length, squeezing and stroking in practiced motions.
Students sigh in a mix of relief and frustration, all of them packing away their things. "Remember," Holmes' voice carries over the din, "there are no make-ups. If you were too dull or lazy to bother to study then you will receive no pity from me."
Most of John’s things were on route to Jim and Sherlock’s mansion out in the countryside. All that was left was to make the journey himself. John had wanted the marriage over and done with so they could all leave his dreary house, now far more haunted than John was accustomed to.
“How are you feeling?” Sherlock gently asked in deference to John’s state.
“All of this running around, getting suspicious with barely more than your own solid instincts. Honestly I think this is why we didn’t choose smart ones when we picked out our…let’s refer to them as ‘beneficiaries’. Oh, but Sherlock was ever so insistent about having you.”
John looked back and forth between the two men. “I’m happy to help whenever I can.”
She stopped her ministrations to look him in what John presumed was the empty caverns of her eyes, “That one will be your undoing.”
Vines. Hundreds of vines slithered across his skin like snakes. He twisted away from them, but they cinched tighter around his limbs to keep him still. He opened his mouth to scream for help, but it was strangled to a whimper when a cord wrapped tightly around his throat.
As he suspected, the talk with the police officer proves to be idle conversation at best and a horrendously vague statement at worst.
He imagines using a smaller, more delicate tool on John. Scar tattoos have become increasingly popular in the States, and wouldn't that just fit John beautifully? A wound made from fire, to match his inextinguishable soul. Sherlock's initials would be a good place to start. If he's careful, he might not even make irreparable damage to the nerve endings.
The device is a simple black and runs on a massive battery. Sherlock's brought spares just in case. He eases in the vibrator, and John's back to gasping again. And god, Sherlock wishes he could be in two places at once. The bar prevents him from swallowing down John's cries like he aches to do.
“Oh you have got to be-“ Sherlock’s hands slide underneath John’s armpits, hauling him up before John can finish his sentence. John quickly gets his feet underneath him, to make sure Sherlock doesn’t ‘accidentally’ drop him and dislocate his shoulder. He’s learned that lesson already.
“No,” Sherlock drawled, “I’m testing the various combustive capabilities of household items.”
As always, thank you for being patient with every update! Lots of things going on, lots of fights to be fought. Please remember that I love writing, and this fandom, and my passion for all things Sherlock is undaunted. No matter what the show tries to do to itself.
John reached for her arm and pulled her back before she touched the water. “Harry, please, you’re not filth. I miss you, come with me to the surface.”
Sherlock delighted in the fear that played through John's eyes. Having John scared may not be a strategic move, but he needed John to know what was going to happen. That any attempt to escape would be fruitless. John needed to know how deeply obsessive and dedicated Sherlock was. This way John could learn to accept it, and perhaps, if things went accordingly, even appreciate it.
"Look, again, I can't really fly I can just sort of-" John's cut off by surprise when Sherlock practically launches himself at him.
With those words he stokes steadily along John’s darkened prick, even while John bucks and shouts. Every brush of Sherlock’s dick against his prostate is like being punched from the inside. The slick sound of Sherlock’s hand on his dick intensifies the mounting pressure inside of him.
Through the opaque material, Sherlock can make out his initials with the rising blood. He'll keep that when he has to change John's dressing.
Then, unbidden, came the imagery of what would inevitably happen when John made it clear, in no uncertain terms, that they could never be together. Sherlock would, after an indeterminable amount of time, but inevitably all the same, find someone else.
"Not until I'm ready Moriarty. Do you understand me?" Sherlock is deadly serious. Jim may have directed his attentions elsewhere, but that doesn't mean he isn't still fond of his little "games".
The policeman threw his hands up in the air, “No one is moving anywhere until someone explains this situation to me!”
John still refused. The tiny door shut again, and the cool air was quickly overcome by John's body heat. John tried really hard not to miss it.
He saw gloved hands tighten around the handle of the umbrella. Mycroft still hadn’t stepped inside of the door. Sherlock stopped abruptly.
As happy (as good a word as any) as Jim was, he apparently thought that Sherlock should have what Jim had. But Sherlock was very skeptical of the idea. Not only was sex dull and predictable, but prolonged exposure of "normals" practically drove him up the wall before he killed them. Who in the world could hold his interest like Jim had, while giving him an excitement that Jim couldn't?
Sherlock smirks for an instant and puts on his best placating voice. Though it's a bit tight at the edges.
Sherlock chuckles, and briefly moves the hand at John’s hip to lift John’s chin in order to meet his gaze. “You’re doing fine,” Sherlock reassures, “there’s no need to be nervous. I’m hardly about to make you dance a tango. I don’t want trampled feet anymore than you want to trip.”
John glances down at the whole page of answers that he's left blank, and feels his heart drop into his stomach. He shoves his things into his army green knapsack, slinging it over his shoulder. Maybe he can find a wall somewhere, bang his head on it a hundred dozen times, and blame everything on a concussion.
Sherlock said, “I want…I want to join you.”
The dragon tilted his head like a curious bird. John wasn’t certain, but he thought he detected a note of wonder in the dragon’s voice when he said, “Yes, you certainly have.”
Nothing. No anger. No sadness. No quips. No denials. No screams. No sobs.
But there were only rumors. Frustrating, impossible rumors that grew more and more fantastical the more he asked about it. According to several 'accounts', the creature ranged from a vampire, to a werewolf, to a good-hearted demon, to a fallen angel, to a bloody
He knocked on the door of the study to prevaricate being a member of the staff, but no one responded. John entered the empty room, hurried to the desk, and returned the keys to their original place.
“Seventeen,” Sherlock corrected, “and it’s due to a…complicated arrangement with my brother.”
Keening moans spill past the gag, dribbling from John’s mouth like the trail of saliva that ends at his chin. John’s eyes open to slits, and he focuses on himself in the mirror. He fully absorbs the debauched picture he has become, the wanton creature that squirms on top of cock and waits for more.
Sherlock rubbed the object with vaseline until it glistened. He then moved John’s ankles until they rested on Sherlock’s shoulders. Between the two of them, he was practically bent in half. “We’re going to fuck you with this,” Sherlock plainly said as he brought the toy into view, “until you beg for us instead.”
He had a brief moment where he saw his interactions with Sherlock juxtaposed with Mary and was startled at his own hypocrisy. No wonder the teenager was so confused and attached, John hadn’t given him much choice in the matter.
Lestrade nodded, annoyed, "Yes, but there was nothing there."
“Or you’re worried he’ll start to dream about me,” Jim teased.
Now, he loomed over the omega, one arm resting above the boy’s head, the other blocking off his escape. The way that Sherlock demonstrated his dominance over the situation was, admittedly, heavy-handed. But Sherlock enjoyed showing how easy it was for him to disregard personal space and place himself wherever he pleased.
“I am for the ayes if that’s the case,” Jim contributed, still focused on the disappearance and reemergence of his organ in John’s slicked hole.
"I told her I'd left on a spontaneous journey of self-discovery."
"Gave him the advice?"
Sherlock chortles and John really should give up on trying to predict a mad man’s emotions. “I should think so,” Sherlock says with a curled smile, “the company, at least, is infinitely preferable.”
Then something occurred to him. Something that had been niggling in the back of his mind. He dashed out of the alley, bumping Lestrade out of the way. The man gave an indignant squawk that Sherlock promptly ignored. Looking on either corner, and finally to the opposite end of the street, he saw what he was looking for.
The tail, that was indisputably an immovable hunk of granite that was wedged into the brickwork, twitches. The crudely carved wings begin to flutter, the talons gripping the ledge dig in deeper to the stone, and Sherlock is fairly certain he hasn't blinked this entire time.
One particularly vicious strike lands underneath his sac.
"Hey," John gently says, "let me look at that-"
It's a long time before John says anything, "What's the occasion?" And he tries not to think of a possible answer. Whatever his imagination will come up with, the reality will more than likely be a thousand times worse.
“I—maybe later,” John said, “I just, I can’t think right now. I have to leave. I’m sorry Sherlock,” and he darted for the exit before Sherlock could try and stop him.
“Surprisingly, I didn’t fall apart into an inconsolable Victorian heroine just because you weren’t there today.”
Then Sherlock's off again, "Oh, that's an ingenious method of adaptability. Does it keep you warm as well?" And he makes a move to reach for it, and stops himself when the creature flinches back.
Sherlock climbs in after having cleaned himself off with something John didn’t see. He is definitely making sure that Sherlock takes that shirt to the dry cleaners first before he ever wears it again.
John blinked at the sudden lull, “Is something wr-”
John hesitated. He could sit on the damp grass alone, or he could join Sherlock on the blanket. It wasn’t that strange was it, to share a seating space and enjoy the natural sights?
John stumbles forward, and catches himself on the tiled wall in front of him. Sherlock spreads himself across John's back, his lips brushing his ear. Grunts and exhalations of air are the only indication John gets that he's even really enjoying himself. Sherlock humps him a few more times, then comes in his trousers with a tight, "John."
Sherlock slammed through the door, fury turning his silver eyes to steel. He rushed to the desk, intent on throttling Jim, but was stopped by a hand to his chest from the swiftly moving army man. Sherlock smacked the hand away, snarling, "Don't test me, Sebby," Sherlock sneered.
Sherlock hums thoughtfully as he plucks at the soaked fabric and says, “Perhaps a plastic mattress would be a good investment. I should have thought of that sooner. It would have prevented all of the effort of replacing those beds that were stained with your blood.”
But he doesn't want a drooling doll. That completely eradicates the whole significance of finding John. He could've picked up anyone off the street for a sex doll. What he wants is the soldier, the doctor, the man that wears hideous jumpers to cover a core of pure iron. So how does he get a man that is as fundamentally good as John to be true to him without breaking him down to a babbling mess?
The door to the locked section was just as spotless as the other. A new padlock had replaced the older one, so John stepped to the side to allow Moriarty to open it. John kept his jaw clenched while he tried to be discreet about examining everything. There seemed to be not so much as a scratch on the door, and aside from the new lock, there was no other obvious alteration.
Sherlock rubbed John’s arm in comfort, his hand hidden from sight with his usual leather gloves.
Sherlock gently eases him open with both of his fingers, sliding in and out of his hole. If this were a normal situation, if John were free, he'd be a panting and moaning mess. Right now, he's only got the panting bit down. With delicate precision, Sherlock finds John's prostate. He brushes over the gland with his fingers, at first he's teasing. This, John can tolerate. The gentle strokes are maddening, and he's covered in a fine layer of sweat, but he still hasn't broken the promise to himself.
Ink curled inside of his mouth and wove inside of his body. The being behind him shuddered as it pulled him close, wrapped around him to prevent any struggles. He felt the hot sticky tar of it cling to his insides, to taint him from the inside out. He felt claimed, owned; as if the nightmarish beings sought to tarnish every inch of him until nothing remained. John tried to breathe, or to scream, but it merely surged deeper into the unknown folds of his body.
“Are you sure you’ve been recovering Johnny?” The back of Jim’s hand stretched forward to press against John’s forehead, feeling for a fever. It took a surge of self-discipline to keep John from flinching.
“I-I don’t-“the effort to form words is beyond John right now. He’s not even sure what he would prefer at this point, just that something needs to be released or else he shall surely die.
The test is thick though, and halfway through John begins coughing. His mouth is dry, and he tries to wet his lips with his tongue, but it hardly helps. He stops talking for a minute, trying to make the cotton in his mouth go away.
Three words that had taken so long to say. John said them quickly, so they wouldn’t tangle and knot like they had earlier. Now that it was out in the open, he saw no reason to hold back.
It happens the next afternoon, when John is sweating from the workout and his own inner anxieties. He doesn't like his seducing plan anymore. It's too risky. If he's already got Stockholm Syndrome, he sure as fuck can't risk getting even closer to his kidnapper. But what choice does he have?
Better, but he wasn’t going to use it. It still held the possibility for misconstrued connotations. He already felt like he was alone in the middle of a mine field. A wrong move would mean disaster.
He jerked up in his seat, torn from his paperwork to look at his assistant’s wide eyes. She backed up quickly saying, “Sorry! Sorry! Didn’t mean to startle you!”
But that will never happen. Sherlock knows this. He will always adore John. He will always want to see the hidden parts of him, the physical and the mental. The shadows that even John doesn’t pay attention to. Sherlock wants him to know that he will never have to fear his anger from going too far. When it comes to John, he will always use the utmost caution.
John fumbled for his phone, and brought up the camera feature. It took him a minute to figure out how to zoom, but he took a shot of the leader in full profile, right next to the giant pile of evidence. The sound of his shutter going off nearly gave John a heart attack.
John's coping mechanism for anger is usually caustic sarcasm, but that would be a very dangerous game to play. What he wants to say is that it's better to just exchange pleasantries with a moron than to have a genius psychopath's full attention. But that would certainly put a stop to the evening, and possibly have John chained to their bed with a gag in his mouth for a week. Again.
John sighed at Sherlock’s earnest expression. This was stupidly dangerous, especially for a kid. They had no business being there. But John thought of all the work and effort Sherlock had gone through to try and catch these people, and what would possibly happen if he went in alone.
“It´s not called punk style without reason, John.”
The sex had been stellar. John really had enjoyed acting out the dominant part once he had been certain Sherlock actually wanted and craved to be treated roughly, bordering on abusive. Repeating the same role allocation this morning when Sherlock was definitely off his cocaine high. And Jesus, had that been a hot fuck, too.
And a famous duo: Polina Volchek and Dimitry Politov, ultimately beautiful and totally in snych with each other:
“Good God, you´re such a horny slut.”
Secondly, Sherlock had always loved dancing and had had years of ballet practice. He was lean and dextrous, moved gracefully and fluent while performing jumps and turns. Sherlock would well be able to manage the basic spins and holds at the pole if someone would teach him.
Chris´ refusal to acknowledge liking what his mouth had done was insulting Sherlock much more than being so blatantly dismissed. But Sherlock had been tired, still too high and too… fucked to be able or even willing to get back to his squalid and lonely flat.
Another wave of raucous applause arose and the Yarders panted in sync with the sweaty couple on stage. They started chanting “Sherlock, John, Sherlock, John” and it sounded like a worshipping chorus in church.
Once more, the audience was gobsmacked. What the couple performed on stage so far was nothing like humiliating stumbling around. It was a stunning show of complete confidence in what their bodies could do. Miles away from embarrassing wanna-be dancers.
Sighing contentedly, Sherlock pressed his arse tighter against John´s erection. He cupped John´s hands with his larger ones, holding them crossed over his stomach. They fit perfectly. The warm water poured down over their bodies, caressing and enclosing them in a comfortable cocoon of tender intimacy.
“What now?” John took one of the mugs Sherlock had poured.
A big headline ballyhooed an “Unforgettable Once-In-A-Lifetime” performance of the new shooting star of pole dancing called “The Conceding Defeatist”. John was uncertain if he should feel relieved for being spared in this picture or if he should feel insulted for being ignored.
The killer ran off when Sherlock had deduced him in mere seconds while scanning the crowd. The typical chase ensued. Sherlock was hot on the culprit´s heels and managed to tackle him to the ground. John arrived several seconds later, his illegal gun already in the steady hand to make sure the murderer stayed put. Business as usual, so far.
Sherlock´s breath hitched with every tantalizing touch of that hellish mouth, these devilish teeth and that demonic tongue. He panted and blood streamed into his head letting his cheeks blush a vivid red colour. A needy whine could be heard and Sherlock realized it had been his own. John. John had made him do that.
“Playing doctor´s games under the shower is somehow weird. We´re adult men.”
had entered the scene. Dominating. Good. Sherlock imagined how he would be ordered to behave properly. What fun things would John make him do?
“Bullshit! Just let people get close, give them a chance to really get to know you.”
“Oopsie!”
“Huh?”
John sniffed and shrugged defiantly. “I like him, OK?”
John must be a mind-reading psychic. “Same here.” Sherlock sighed. Looking at John he saw a grin forming and the corners of his mouth beginning to twitch. “What?”
This had to be Sally´s doing, obviously.
Taking a deep breath, Sherlock finally replied. “I can´t stay sober immediately. But I promise to cut down.” Several emotions flickered over Sherlock´s face and after seemingly fighting an internal debate and reaching a conclusion, he soldiered on. “I´ll be honest. I´d try to quit for you, as long as you want me to stay, but I can´t promise I´ll succeed or how long it will take me.”
The realisation that he was about to fall hard for John Watson came as a shock to Sherlock and he let his head fall forward until it bumped with a muffled sound against the tiled wall. He suppressed the urge to bang his head forcefully against the hard surface so that the pain would make all the feelings he could not control go away.
Fuck, they had truly nailed it!
However, a vengeful Sherlock let a hacker who owed him a favour for… (at this point John chose to ignore his boyfriend´s ramblings) alter Philip´s ring tone into a lasciviously male voice moaning “Make Me Kneel” with whip-like noises in between the words. Every time Anderson´s phone rang it was heard. Loudly. Without the option to undo the change or mute the device. After one week of being laughed at Anderson showed up with a new mobile.
“Please do. And be thorough.”
The man´s head rested on Sherlock´s ghostly pale upper chest. He exhaled soft breaths which felt like sensually caressing Sherlock´s delicate skin, tickling it above his protruding ribs. The stranger´s short blonde hair rubbed tenderly over Sherlock´s pierced nipple. It had hardened and stood erect, flashing a deep purple colour.
John snorted. “Fine.”
That was John´s plan. It happened differently.
Hearts pounded frantically in an attempt to dispense oxygenated blood into their spent bodies. Brains slowly regained consciousness and primal instincts retreated.
“Pay attention!” Another firm slap followed. It was so good!
Sherlock had just wanted to be fucked into oblivion in order to forget Chris who had unceremoniously but not unexpectedly kicked him out of the bed they had shared only some minutes ago. But John had wanted him to stay. And now he found himself still lingering here under the shower, waiting for John to join him and finally notice what kind of person he had invited to stay in his home.
“No. Not yet,” he answered honestly, not having it in himself to lie to John, “but I´ll need some soon. The itch is always a precursor for withdrawal.”
John shifted his body to lie flush on top of Sherlock, pressing him down into the sheets, sliding one strong firm thigh between Sherlock´s lean ones and rubbing sweetly against his cock. It jumped and began to fill with blood, making contact with a similar hardness in John´s pants. The soft throbbing got Sherlock to moan again and turned him into a boneless bag of flesh. John made a fist in Sherlock´s curls and pulled his head firmly but without force backwards into an arch, exposing the length of pale throat for a licking exploration with his warm and undulating tongue.
She and Philip had proposed the wager as a means to make them humiliate themselves in front of a large audience, forever to be mocked for. Instead, the couple had showed everyone what awesome athletic dancers they were. Powerful and fluent, graceful and poised, John´s understated strength and Sherlock´s ballet-like grace. They had been comfortable on the pole, utterly confident knowing that their stellar performance would simply annihilate the stupid bet.
A very nice bed. The bed of an impeccable person. A decent person. Someone who´d never fuck Sherlock in the first place, assuming they were into boys at all. Exhausted and spiteful, Sherlock had let himself fall backwards onto the soft duvet like a giant starfish. Tossing off one of his scuffed black combat boots, he had instantly passed out with the other shoe still on.
“…make you…” leaving a mark on Sherlock´s pectoral,
John wore… not much actually. A very scanty and very golden loincloth was wrapped around his more private parts. The flowing fabric shimmered in the light. Matching glitter had been applied onto his chest and shoulders, the whole body beautifully tanned and emphasizing his finely chiselled muscles. A divine six-pack adorned his abdomen, he sported lovely bi- and triceps and his abs were bulging.
, nibble against his earlobe?
The tee was too short on Sherlock´s waist and too big on his torso whereas the sweatpants rode low on his hips but on the other hand were too short and ended ridiculously high up on Sherlock´s shins. The combination looked ludicrous on him. Thankfully the black leather jacket concealed the tee and Sherlock´s combat boots reached up far enough to cover the stretch of naked leg.
“My fucktoy,” John quickly went with the flow of obvious emotions chasing over Sherlock´s otherwise rapt facial expression. “Want my cock?
The aftereffects of what was to become known as “The Legendary Pole Dance” were far-reaching.
Sherlock as much as threw himself onto his front, desperate to follow suit and already John´s hands were kneading his arse, unceremoniously spreading the cheeks and a rock-hard prick was aligned with his hole. John started pushing down and he glided seamlessly inwards, fitting into Sherlock like someone wearing a bespoke suit.
The dark blonde hair was spiky and mussed with sweat and smelled faintly of sex. Like Sherlock did himself now that his nose had finally connected with his brain. Sherlock´s belly felt scratchy with dried crusts of semen and his groin area was sticky and itched. Sherlock took some deep sniffs and, yes, definitely the smell of stale body odour and dried cum lingered everywhere on his skin, the blonde and all over the bed, too.
Back on the stage, the couple turned their heads and looked lovingly at each other. Sherlock raised his hands to cup John´s face and pressed a kiss onto his lips. The action blatantly clearly involved tongues and the pair demonstrated they obviously did not give one fucking shit about people gawking.
“You´re such a goddamn fucking tease!” John complained.
Always an addict. Would John be able to cope with him long term?
A sluggish thought gained access to Sherlock´s mushy brain. Why was he still here? In bed with… whomever.
could he not instantly have recalled
Yes, well, he was disoriented but that could be expected when coming down from one of his cocaine binges. Also, it was nothing new that he did not know where the hell he had woken up. It was not the first time and also would not be the last time that he had pounced on a stranger in his favourite club for a one-night stand. In order to have wild and shameless dirty sex. Preferably in the flat of the guy-of-the-night wherever he lived.
Choosing a “famous movie couple” for their dancing costumes was much harder. John proposed what he felt must have been like three dozen famous pairings but Sherlock always found something to complain about. Sherlock of course had no idea about movies whatsoever, apart from James Bond which he grudgingly watched together with John.
Meanwhile, John continued his examination and slid his palm along Sherlock´s hard shaft and moved the prepuce back and forth, deliberately procrastinating its way back up. Sherlock´s high pitched sounds conveyed clearly that the inspection was to his liking. His cock strained against John´s palm when he bent it down to pull the skin over the top of Sherlock´s glans, evoking a hiss of lust and a strong forward bucking of Sherlock´s hips. John saw how the blood vessels in the penis pumped while the cavernous body became filled to the maximum. Sherlock´s cock was painfully rigid now and he emphasized his need for release with deep panting groans. Sherlock had closed his eyes, lost in the sensation of John´s firm but gentle hand rubbing and squeezing and stroking, keeping him on the subtle edge between delight and despair.
The couple trained a lot and Sheila provided them with a brilliant choreography which looked impressive and complicated but actually was mostly comprised of only beginner´s tricks. She included some more advanced moves too, when she realized that Sherlock had the flexibility for doing splits while John was strong enough to hold his body vertical on the pole.
Meanwhile, Sherlock had climbed with monkey-like dexterity up the pole and settled in a free-handed sit high above John´s head who was still upside down. Sherlock extended his legs upwards, feet nearly touching the ceiling of the room and bend his upper body incredibly far backwards.  His now sweaty curls were touching the pole at the height of John´s feet while the hands of his extended arms were lightly embracing John´s hips. Sherlock was now upside down, too. Only his closely pressed together upper thighs prevented him from slipping off and crashing down eight feet onto the hard boards of the stage, probably breaking his neck.
John blushed at the title given, “Why Captain?” He asked, already liking the sound of it very much. Far too much.
In the heated atmosphere of present day NSY´s conference room John and Sherlock simultaneously released their grip on the shiny metal pole. Which meant that both men had to perform a half backflip before the mundane earth embraced them safely again. They stuck the landing securely on opposing sides of the pole. The skill of Sherlock´s must have been expert level because he wore those damn high heels.
To be fair, if John had encountered Sherlock in a club he would never have given the junkie punk a chance or even a second look. Sherlock´s outward appearance seemingly betrayed he had crawled straight out of the gutter. John guessed that the need to put up a safe wall played an important role not only in Sherlock´s demeanour but in his choice of clothing, too.
“Nah, no need. I´ve already seen all there is to see.” Then Chris´ eyes were taking on a round shape when another thought wormed itself into his addled brain. “Why do you smell of John´s washing powder?”
The first chords of U2´s famous song “One” set in and Sherlock stalked on clicking heels to his starting position. He sat down, pulled his knees up and leant back, resting the weight of his upper body on his hands which supported him behind his back. He froze in this M-like shape, facing the pole.
“So bossy. I´ll show you your place.” Carefully adjusting his grip on Sherlock´s throat to avoid bruising the larynx, John started to press his fingers against the windpipe, reducing the airflow. “Look at me.”
“Is it working? I do so love to have some angry sex. Be used as a fucktoy.” Sherlock pushed his index finger into John´s hole, evoking him to keen. “Use me, John.”
Sherlock sighed. Why was he still here?
After they had dried, John had pressed Sherlock to change into clean clothes of his.  Sherlock would actually have put on again his cum stained jeans and the sweaty tee and had not batted an eye at John´s horrified expression. It took some verbal sparring to coerce Sherlock into accepting a plain white tee accompanied with one of John´s grey work-out sweatpants.
John threw his hands up in the air and exclaimed fully exasperated, “But that was Sherlock! He was bored!”
But although Sherlock had done his very best to rile up Chris as much as possible without even knowing why exactly the other suddenly deflated. Chris groaned and rubbed a hand over his face.
John had also insisted that Sherlock stayed after sex when he had begun to gather his clothes once more and tried to leave the room. Sherlock had not wanted to hear the unavoidable dismissal coming out of John´s mouth. But John had surprised him, once again, with stating that he really wanted to wake up beside him. Even after Sherlock told John that he was a just a horny addict, using sex to distract himself and being much more obnoxious when he was sober.
The performance continued for several minutes more on that skill level. Sally could not quite follow the whirlwind of spinning limbs and rotating bodies anymore. Sherlock and John bested the bet by far.
Looking at each other, the laughter they had both been withholding finally broke through. They slumped back, leaning against the tiled wall and wheezing with mirth.  Waves of guffaws echoed through the bathroom. It went on like this for a long time.
John just rolled his eyes (Sherlock noted the he had adopted his own eye-rolling technique perfectly in the meantime) and explained that this song was like the inofficial stripper hymn. Afterwards Sherlock downgraded Anderson from bug-brained to unicellular organism status. Although that comparison could insult the poor beasties.
Sherlock (and a lot of the Yarders as well) knew that Sally Donovan and Philip Anderson were in a not-so-much-secret-anymore adulterous relationship. He did not care. He did not like the both of them but apart from being able to rile them up with his knowledge, Sherlock took no further interest in their doings. Although he very much liked to call them the “3D pair”, meaning dumb deviant dorks, when they were within earshot.
Sherlock´s name was shouted high-pitched and wildly when John orgasmed as well, feeling his whole body flare up in incandescent heat and effusing himself almost painfully strong. John´s thighs spasmed hard. He froze and let the aftershocks run through his body, relishing in the feeling of ultimate unity with a body that was made for him, made to be his perfect fit.
Also, I´m linking two YouTube videos of solo/duo performances which may give you a glimpse of what is doable at expert´s level pole sports. It´s quite random since there is a huge amount of videos out there.
John was a genius! Sherlock yearned to comply instantly, the thought of submission
“It is what it is. I am who I am. A shameless cockslut and a constantly horny junkie. If you really want to keep me around you´ll have to accept that.”
The insolent answer earned Sherlock another sharp pinch of his arse cheek and on top a firm tug at his sleep-tangled curls. Stars exploded in lustful expectation of more
“You liked that last night though,” Sherlock quipped.
When Sherlock and John realized that there was not only no lethal wound but also no injury at all, several things happened at the same time.
“I´m glad you´re still here.” John gave Sherlock´s arm a reassuring squeeze.
Sherlock had been haring off after a fleeing suspect (as usual) with John hot in pursuit (as usual). Greg Lestrade and Sally Donovan were lagging behind because they had missed that the suspect had actually been gaping stupidly with the crowd which had gathered around the crime scene (as usual). Which made the culprit into a complete moron, because really, it was the classic “murderer returns to his crime scene” stuff.
Sudden applause erupted. John´s muscles trembled due to the enormous power he had to set free for holding himself that way.
The pillow John threw at Sherlock harmlessly bounced off a bony shoulder and landed behind his back. Sherlock took the opportunity to turn around and slowly bend down once more to pick it up, flaunting his glorious taut arse. John could not help but stare at the display of smooth porcelain-white skin which peeked through the wide rips below the butt. Rips which John remembered he himself had widened when he had torn away Sherlock´s jeans last night in order to get rid of the interfering fabric.
John traced the way the silvery water drops took slithering over Sherlock´s angular shoulder blades, running down along the planes of smooth skin to reach that inviting crease below. Staring in fascination, John watched how the drop ferried across from there towards the tip of his cock where it pressed softly against Sherlock´s taut arse cheek. Forming a connection between them.
. Sherlock was in. It made him so hard.
The stiffness in John´s pants made the training somehow difficult. At least Sherlock had the same problem, he admitted to that somehow ashamed one night in bed. When he saw John doing all these powerful holds on the pole and how his muscles strained and undulated under his newly tanned skin he became hard, too.
They had considered telling Greg about them but the man was such a terrible gossip. Lestrade also was so keen on winning the pool on the ongoing bet the Yarders had. As if the most observant man in Great Britain (that would be Sherlock Holmes, of course) would not have realized that the staff of the homicide division had been wracking their brains over some of the most burning questions of all time (as far as they seemed to think even vital ones). Not that there was a lot of brain which could get wracked in the first place. Well.
“He´s mine,” John growled, feral.
John upped the ante and began to tug at the tiny ring, transferring the pull directly onto the nipple´s skin. Teeth clanked against metal, producing a hollow sound.
Yet, he only felt bad for a moment because he somehow knew as well that Sherlock really wanted this relationship with John to work out. Really wanted John. This should be worth something, shouldn´t it? Sherlock would make an effort, too.
Meanwhile, on the stage, John´s well-formed abs rippled when he reached up to discard of Sherlock´s silvery cloak. Sally had to tear her gaze away from John´s chest, surprised and embarrassed to find herself mesmerized with all this beautiful naked flesh to look at the Freak.
“John!” Sherlock screamed and felt a drop of viscous moisture running down his erect shaft, tickling his skin on its slow way down into the pool of sweat which had begun forming in his damp and wiry genital hair.
Anderson, being the gutless git that he was, felt suddenly bold and piped in. “Yes, like doing a
The Yarders surged forward, forming a solid wall of sweaty bodies and faces filled with schadenfreude and they collectively drew in a deep breath when the curtain parted and Sherlock and John stepped through. Catcalls and whistling started. Sherlock imperiously raised a hand to command silence. It worked fairly well.
“Shut up, bitch!“ The sudden rough pull of his cock made Sherlock hiss. “Needy cunt. You have to earn it first.” He was again pushed towards the cold tiles. A piece of soap was pressed into his hand. “You´re filthy. Wash yourself.” John took a step back to give Sherlock space. “Show me the dirty places.”
. No judgement involved. Not thinking of Sherlock as the obnoxious know-it-all. Not thinking of him as the pathetic drug addict needing a sexual fix when he could not have cocaine. Not thinking of him as just a various piece of naked arse lying in a stranger´s bed to be used and then discarded like trash afterwards. John truly recognised him as an individual, as Sherlock himself, just like the person he was. John really
“…come…” reaching Sherlock´s pierced nipple and sucking fiercely, “…so hard!”
When Sherlock had finally succeeded in cajoling John to
Eyes switched to Sherlock now who raised his bottom high and arched his back so far that his curls made contact with the ground. Then he let his whole body spring forward in a powerfully executed movement that made him stop in a kneeling position in front of John, stretching his arms wide to the side, making him resemble the letter “T”.
"He was, but I think he finally realized that he's only hurting them both if they turn out to be mates. I don't want anything to take away from them actually speaking to each other, so I'd prefer to announce it some other time."
Two weeks after the Moriarty incident, Sherlock has come to realize there is something very odd going on. Not externally, there's nothing wrong with John, Mycroft, Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade, or even any of Lestrade's co-workers, unless you counted their stupidity, but there was something wrong with him. Sherlock reviewed the symptoms mentally: change in taste (since when does he not like banoffee pie?), random mood swings (worse than normal), tenderness in areas he was not supposed to have tenderness (unless he was finally getting better pectoralis muscles?), and nausea the other day at the scent of bacon. He considered this for a while, then decided there was nothing for it: he wouldn't know he was pregnant or not unless he took a test. He could just be sick, or maybe going into heat again.
Mycroft's job sent him to Afghanistan after Sherlock had been with Mycroft for a year. Rather than be sent back to his parents, Sherlock convinced Mycroft to bring him along. This was how the young Omega found himself observing the fine troops of England beside his elder brother.
"Well, I'll be!" exclaims Sebastian. "You've got him!"
The first couple of days aren't too bad, in John's opinion. Sherlock seems to be tolerating his presence, which is more than he has any right to ask for. The first night, when John finally got done with paperwork, Sherlock had babbled to him nonstop about his friends and learning poker. "I learned their tells, John. Murray crinkles his nose for a half second if he thinks his hand is good. Gregson flares his nostrils. Sebastian always darts his gaze to the left if he's got a bad hand, to the right if it's good. After that, it was easy to win. They played for boring things-food- so you can have it."
"Lestrade?" Sherlock asks in amazement.
John nods.
Sherlock shoots him a look. "I do understand jokes, John."
Whatever she's prattling on about seems to have struck something deep within Mycroft, his face slowly drains of color. Sherlock's eyes are darting wildly, and John's hands clench and unclench menacingly. He has never struck a lady before, but for her, he is about to make an exception.
"Good morning, Johnny boy!" chirps someone happily. John blinks his bleary eyes and stares at the man in front of him. He looks vaguely familiar, but John can't place where he knows him. "Don't you recognize me? But of course, that was the point of my disguise. And it was fun, playing 'Gay Jim from IT.'" John has a flash of understanding. This man is Moriarty, and if he's with Moriarty, then Sherlock is in danger.
John looks very confused by this statement. He ends up patting her shoulder back and collapses onto the couch, very obviously cradling his injured shoulder. With Mycroft’s help, Sherlock pulls his mate up and puts him to bed in the downstairs bedroom. He adjusts some pillows, fluffing them a bit and generally fussing over his mate before he can feel satisfied and leave.
Sherlock calls Detective Inspector Dimmock, who shows up almost immediately. "What," he demands furiously, "were you two thinking?! You broke into a museum, confronted a witness, and got that same witness killed! At best, I should arrest you for breaking and entering, at worst, you should be arrested for killing someone!"
“No kidding! Is he okay? Your creepy Big Brother didn’t mention anything about that!” Sherlock frowns in confusion.
"How would you know? I wasn't, until I met John. Then I realized just how lonely I was, and he filled up all the little holes."
“Please tell me you texted him or something! I am not going to have an angry drugged-up Alpha coming onto my crime scene to drag you back home because you didn’t tell him where you were!”
The blonde brown wolf inches forward and stretches out his nose. Behind him, Sherlock gasps. "Mycroft, be careful!"
"If you give me puppy dog eyes, I will throw a pillow at you." Sherlock must pull the eyes, because a moment later a pillow goes hurtling at his face. The door slams shut and I hear Sherlock chuckle as he moves down the hall.
"Woah, Mycroft. No killing my mate, and no to deporting or arresting him, either. What are you on about?"
Sherlock pulls himself up sulkily and saunters off. Just when I think he's gone, his head pops back in.
John, unsurprisingly, was more concerned about his boyfriend then the crazy criminal. "Sherlock, are you okay?"
"Mycroft! Oh my baby! My poor baby!" She pushes his sleeve up gently, revealing the silver scars from his burns, and gently kisses them before kissing his cheek. "I didn't know. I'm so sorry. Please forgive me."
"Listen, I'm going to need you to set off a smoke alarm inside, okay? Get the opportunity to get me some water to wash off my face, wash it off because you'll be intolerable otherwise, and then set off the smoke alarm once you get that bowl put back."
Once again, as soon as the taxi is stopped, Sherlock leaps out leaving John to pay. By the time John catches up, Sherlock is bouncing on his feet anxiously. “Donovan says Lestrade is in with his wife right now. C’mon, let’s go.”
“Yeah. In Afghanistan.”
Sebastian laughs. "I like you, kid. What's your name?"
John and Sherlock share a quick glance. "That story hasn't been on the news yet, how did you know about that?" John asks, sitting next to her on the couch.
"Yes, well, congratulations again. We'll be in touch once we have information about the bomber." With that, Mycroft moved to the door and down the stairs.
"Thanks," Jim says, running down the hall screaming, "Yo Mycroft! John's missing, get your tongue out of Greg's mouth and come help us look for him!" Sebastian trails his energetic mate, smiling bemusedly at the brunette.
"Only one knee, Sherlock."
"Oh, I insist," Sherlock answers, spreading his arms obligingly. His fish is hooked. The stupid unsuspecting American steps closer to Sherlock, who remains calm for the first moment. He yanks at Sherlock's coat a bit before he moves around to his side, then crosses to Sherlock's back. He pulls at Sherlock's coat again, which makes Sherlock roll his eyes. He pulls the can of pepper spray that Lestrade had recently gifted him from his pocket and squirts the man in the eyes with it. "Moron," he proclaims scathingly as the American falls to the floor with a cry.
"Why? Are you feeling exposed?"
“My pain medicine is wearing off.”
Nobody says anything for a bit, and I'm not sure if it's shock or pity that keeps them quiet. "So now you know," I tell Sherlock. "Not only am I broken, I'm also not strong enough to protect the people I love. And the thing is, everything he's ever said I believed. 'Stupid, worthless, useless, lazy, good-for-nothing, c**t, b****h.' I believed every single word."
"What has he done?" Mycroft demands.
"Security!" John bellows. "Nurse, get me one milligram of Lorazepam administered IM, stat! Security!"
"What did you mean, gay?" Molly demands of Sherlock the moment the door closes behind him. "He's not gay. We're having quite a lot of sex."
Sherlock leads John through the sprawling manor to a large library. “Here John,” Sherlock orders, “you can begin looking over here. This section is the code-breaking section. I’ll check on his personal computer.”
"No, you ridiculous man. I want this, I want you. Just, I don't want to freak my mom out."
About two months after their first robbery, John and his pack had broken into approximately ten houses of well-to-do Alphas. Jim had acquired the fourth Bluetooth earpiece, which enabled them to safely communicate with each other in different rooms of the house, which was really useful on the off chance that the family would return home before they were expected.
Next, I pull out Sherlock's pins. I put them back in, smiling like a lunatic. I'm completely wrong, don't get even one right, but I am learning and that makes me proud. My father always said I wasn't smart enough to be a doctor, but here I am. I do it again, and get two right. "In your face, Dad," I say.
"That doesn't mean that abuse doesn't sometimes happen between mates. Even if you are newly bonded, which I noticed you are, we can take steps to keep you away from John. Regardless of what I tell you, you're not a freak, and if he's hurting you then you need to get away. We can help keep you safe."
Sherlock doesn’t say anything, he just stays curled in a ball.
After a few minutes, he realizes Sherlock has fallen asleep and is snoring softly. He massages Sherlock's fingers until they relax and release the card he is holding. It's the one for Sebastian, because Sebastian's name is written on the front. The card is red, and folded so it opens vertically. John flips it open. One one side, within the red, Sherlock has written, "Merry Christmas! Love John and Sherlock" It's got a picture of them beneath it, framed in light green. The picture itself is one John doesn't remember posing for, and doesn't even remember seeing before. Possibly Mycroft had gotten it off CCTV? Either way, he and Sherlock look madly in love. The next page is the ultrasound of the twins, framed with yellow, with Sherlock's cursive announcing "Surprise! Our Christmas present" and down by each child he has labeled "Baby Girl Holmes" and "Baby Boy Holmes". In pink by their little girl is a thought bubble asking "Will you be my godfather?" John smiles at it, leaning down to brush a kiss against Sherlock's curls. He sets the card down carefully on the side table and ends up falling asleep for a bit himself.
"No, I think your boyfriend will appreciate it," Sherlock cuts in.
"Long story short, yes."
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'm just saying, it's all fine." He can feel Sherlock's embarrassment through their bond and is trying to reassure him.
John begins listing: "Did you want to hold hands? Do you want to kiss? Do you mind PDA, or are you a keep-it-behind-closed-doors person? Did you want to have sex outside of your heat? Did you want to share the same bed?"
"Yeah okay. Thank you, Mycroft. And sorry, again." I stand to leave, then remembered why I came in the first place. "Please talk to Greg."
"I see."
2) The dishes being dirty are therefore not his fault.
"I-" Mycroft stammers, unable to speak. Truly, this man is his?
Redbeard turned a circle directly in front of Mycroft, squatted, and marked his territory. That was it! Siger Holmes ran over to the dog and kicked him. There was a loud snapping sound and the dog fell over. Sherlock started screaming. Siger backhanded him. "Shut up! You were expelled again, you don't get to come home and play!"
The men leave the room without complaint.
.........................................................................
.............................................................
"If I had to pick an alpha, that would be the only one I'd want. I think I could tolerate an alpha like him." John rolls his eyes. "What? You don't like him?"
John furrows his brow in confusion. “Don’t you think I’d know if it was just the hormones?”
"What?"
Heaving a put-upon sigh as Sherlock continues calling him, John morphs into a wolf to be certain he can't open the door. He's determined to do his best by Sherlock, since his Alpha side has declared this boy is his mate. The Alpha demands to sink it's teeth into the small Omega. 'He said no," John reminds himself. 'Besides, right now he needs the friendly doctor, not the roaring Alpha.'
Mycroft is the first inside, and he follows the sound of sobs to the parlor. His mother is in there, staring at the blood on the floor, the room looking every bit like one of Sherlock's crime scenes. He steps daintily over his father's corpse, resisting the urge to simultaneously kick him in the side, and to vomit.
"Sorry?"
"What did you do?"
Another smirk. "That was a joke, John. I own five houses, the one you visited for Guy Fawkes Day, this one here out in the country, one in America, one in France, and one in Spain. I'm currently looking into one in the Alps, I've heard that's lovely, but I haven't yet made a decision."
"We need to get to bed," John tells Sherlock ruefully.
"Greg and Mycroft are important parts of the Work too!" John protests. "They bring us cases! Are you married to them too?"
"I hate you, and your stupid groceries too!" Sherlock runs off toward their room, and the slam of the door echoes throughout the entire flat. Sighing, John shuts the door to their flat before he sheepishly walks over to their bedroom door and taps on it lightly. When there is no answer, he walks in.
"I just keep thinking about how quickly she died. She was alive, she was texting me, and now she's dead. And I keep thinking, she was friends with Moriarty."
"Clearly."
Irene approaches too. "No, I think he knows EXACTLY where to look," she counters, grinning at John flirtatiously. Then she looks back at Sherlock. "I'm not sure about you."
“Sorry?” John repeats incredulously. He can see Sherlock tensing and realizes his mate is expecting a fight. “Sorry for what? That was brilliant!”
"Unfortunately that makes sense. I'd wager that those bruises and scars came from a Family Alpha. Sherlock, I'm sure you already know this, but you must be very gentle with him. No experiments, no shooting the walls, no yelling. When you mess up, because you will, nobody's perfect, apologize as quickly as possible. This boy needs to be treated gently, almost coddled a bit. But don't force him to be close to you. You let him decide if he wants to be close to you-physically, emotionally, and mentally. Encourage behavior you want. Finally, reinforce that no matter what happens, he will be safe here."
Mycroft is locked away in his mind, grabbing his emotions-guilt, fear, anger, sadness-and locking them away. Other past voices taunt him. "Fat, loser, useless," his father hisses angrily. Mycroft ignores him, continuing to pack his box. "No one likes a brainiac, Mycroft," his classmates call. "You're an Omega? C'mere, let me show you what to do with your brilliant mouth." Mycroft shudders, taping faster. "Stop crying, boy. Caring is not an advantage, and I don't care what happened, you need to grow up and take it like a man," his father reprimands. He has just finished mentally boxing them up and leaves the room, running from the past, when his brother's arm closes around his and pulls. Mycroft tumbles down the ladder and is caught by John.
"They have John," he reports to Dimmock. He shows him the address.
"I know," Irene responds.
His phone rings, because Mycroft hates to text, and Mycroft is spending Christmas with Mummy and is probably already looking for an excuse to hide or leave. "What makes you think that?"
"What was it?" Sherlock demands instantly, untangling himself from John.
"Dimmock, what do you like?"
“I was in surgery recently. But my mate’s apparently at this address, so-“ John lifts one shoulder in a half-shrug. The taxi driver pulls away without another question, though John can feel concerned eyes on him throughout the drive.
I blush in response.
"Go ask him then, if you don't believe me!"
"Stop!" Roars the Alpha John attempted to stab. John snorts to himself. 'As if, buddy,' he thinks, flying across the yard rapidly.
Babies born. Healthy. Come over when you get off your shift.
"Were you gay before you met Mycroft?"
Quickly, he devises a plan and throws himself into it with abandon. 'Carotid artery, skull, eyes, artery, lungs, ribs,' Sherlock thinks, mentally planning exactly where he will hit the man to incur the most damage. "I believe I do," he responds to the man's question. He straightens again before beginning his demands. "First, get rid of your boys."
"Oh, that's not at all what I thought it was," John remarked. "I figured it was something to do with Lestrade."
"No, now," demands Sherlock.
"Hello?"
"Piss off," he answers, smiling a bit crookedly at John. John finds himself grinning back.
As they all gather round the fire, John drifts off into his thoughts. He begins to wonder if there's really an Alpha out there for him, hopefully someone who wouldn't mind taking care of an abused homeless boy with tons of metaphorical baggage. Someone who likes his friends, and doesn't want kids. Someone who can respect that an Omega has a place in the world that may not necessarily be a homebody. Someone who loves him, cherishes him, adores him. He frowns. Then again, he really doesn't want that. After all, his father apparently wooed his mother that way.  It wasn't until they got married that his true colors shone through.
The conversation ebbs and flows for a little while, and Sherlock lets it rush around him like a river. He's more concentrated on the emotions he can feel coming through the bond. A little while ago, there was a brief flare of panic followed by intense concentration. Now, there's a tiny bit of disgust, which is overpowered by an overwhelming feeling of compassion. Confused, Sherlock excuses himself to go check on his brother and mate.
"We broke into your house to steal things, but Mycroft invited us to live with you guys because when we left John tried to jump out a window to come too. He broke his leg during his landing, which is why he's on the couch," continues Jim.
"Flattered?" John repeats, a bit lost.
“The Freak?” John growls, and the woman stops. “Right. Your mate, sorry. Anderson, I’m taking Holmes’ mate up to the body, watch for curious interlopers.”
Mycroft isn't sure who is with him, and that should be alarming, but this is certainly not the first stranger he has had in bed with him. Throughout his time living with his parents he's had several- no, stop. Now is not the time to think of them, to think of that. This is the time for the man above him, whoever he is.
None of them answer. "Look, buddy," Jim replies, "we ran away. It's against the law, but we did it. We broke into ten different houses to steal so we could survive. If we tell you anything, the law sides with the Alphas. We tell you who hurt him, he's gonna get taken back and be hurt worse. We know that, we're not stupid."
Sometimes I wonder if the things Sherlock says to me are supposed to make sense.
“You seem very attached very quickly.”
"No, I don't remember. I was, quite possibly, preoccupied with pushing babies out of my body when this discussion in question took place."
"Yeah. Now go back to sleep."
"Yes, Sherlock?"
Sherlock quickly picks the lock of the front door, then steps to the side and enters a code into an alarm box. ‘Alarms disabled,’ is the readout, and Sherlock smirks. “I keep telling him to get a dog, they’re much harder to quiet.” He grows serious abruptly. “But after Redbeard, he won’t.”
"Awake, alert, and oriented to time, place, and person," John's doctor mind fills in helpfully. No mental damage, at least at first glance.
“John, look!”
Anthea rolls down the window. “Yoo-“ Mycroft flies across the seat, slamming his body against Anthea as he desperately mashes the button and prays the window goes back up before Lestrade can look over at them. Then he leans forward and orders his driver forward.
There is the sound of windows slamming and people screaming in addition to Jim in his ear. He feels arms around him, hears a voice shushing him, and he falls silent with a whimper. Sherlock, then, because if John had his way he'd still be screaming. He feels lulling, and John realizes distantly that Sherlock is carrying him.
"I worry about you, Mycroft. Here alone in your big house, taking on the world by yourself, it must be lonely."
"No," Jim answers, while the other two shake their heads.
John and Sherlock pack a bag and head out for the day. Mycroft's black town car is at the curb for them, and they climb in curiously. When they stop a while later, they are in the country, and there is a horse-drawn sleigh waiting in the snow for them. It has a little partition for a driver, and the man smiles at them. "Mr. Holmes and Mr. Watson, your carriage awaits, sirs," he says, throwing out a hand to gesture to the sleigh. John offers his mate a hand as they climb in, and they snuggle together beneath blankets, both grinning brightly at each other. 'It's very romantic,' John thinks as Sherlock cuddles against him and twists so he can see the countryside. They sit in silence, neither feeling the need to talk, but enjoying each other's presence just the same. At one point, John brushes a kiss against Sherlock's curls, and Sherlock snuggles closer in response.
All the fight and adrenaline rushes out of Sherlock at once, and he slumps to the ground. "Oh, Sherlock!" Mrs. Hudson screams. Mycroft comes running back in, still screaming at someone, and between Mrs. Hudson and him they manage to get Sherlock onto the couch. John crowds in close, whimpering as he noses at his mate.
"Lovely idea," Mycroft agrees, settling into an overstuffed sofa. Sherlock bounds over to the tree, pulling out the gifts. "John, Sherlock, Mycroft, John, John, Mycroft, Sherlock, Mycroft," he begins muttering as he distributes the gifts. When he is done, John is shocked- they each have a verifiable mountain of gifts. "Mycroft first!" Sherlock says, "Here, do this one!" He hands his brother a slightly-haphazardly-wrapped present, grinning proudly. Mycroft opens it slowly.
I sit there and write for a while. I begin writing about my father, and suddenly everything comes pouring out onto that paper- Dad's abuse, Mom's suffering, Harry's tendency to provoke, and me, trying to please yet always failing, my own fears about having an Alpha and specific examples to back it up. It's as though all the poison that's been poured in me as a child is bleeding it's way onto the pages.
"Just thinking about the future."
John follows him. The two of them shove right into Lestrade’s office.
“Yeah. Where’s John?”
He is downstairs faster than I thought possible, bright eyes roving me. "I've missed you," I hear him whisper softly, shyly. "I'm going to smell you," he tells me, ducking in to sniff curiously at my neck. He steps back again, having satisfied his inner Alpha by assuring my safety. "Are you alright?"
"Lestrade, there's an Omega on top of St. Bart's Hospital, upset and threatening to jump," Sally reports.
"Yeah, I know. Sherlock, keep your brother awake. I'm going to see if I can get ahold of Doctor Sawyer. I have no idea what to expect."
Mumbling something vague to Sherlock and John as a means of excusing himself, he climbs into his car. Once in there, he breathes a sigh of relief, and texts Anthea to tell her they are leaving, and to upgrade the security on both Sherlock and John. After all, with John in his life, Sherlock is apt to get into even more danger, not less, considering John’s Army background.
"I didn't take the suppressants this morning. I knew I was supposed to have a heat, but I wasn't expecting it until tomorrow morning at the earliest."
A thud lets both men know Sherlock has woken. "John? Are you alright?"
"From the happily married woman. It seemed like a good bit of sentiment."
.............................................................
.........................................................................
Dimmock laughs to himself. Mycroft is as dramatic as his brother. Plus he's tall, ginger, freckled, and exceptionally well-dressed. Not Dimmock's type, but he knows a certain recently-divorced man who would get on good with the elder Holmes. It was almost enough to make him wish Holmes would cross him again, just so he'd have a chance to play matchmaker.
Sherlock doesn't answer for a moment. Still bent down by Mrs. Hudson, he raises his gaze to her shoulder. The sleeve of her top is ripped, and there is a scratch on her lovely face. A quick glance at the hand of the American holding the gun confirms that the man is wearing a ring and that it is bloody. Oh, he will pay. Sherlock will murder him slowly. He hurt Mrs. Hudson, he disturbed Sherlock's nest, and he threatened Sherlock's mate. His blood sings for retribution.
"What's wrong, Mycroft?" questions Sherlock as John places Mycroft on the ground.
Sherlock shrugs. "I know my brother, John."
"Sherlock, what is wrong with Mycroft?" Anthea interrogates.
Fellow omega Jim Moriarty struts into class confidently, sees his friends in the back, and drops in next to them.
Moving to the open doorway, John sees Molly inside talking with somebody. Molly is closest to the doorway, which John takes as a blessing. He steps into the kitchen, a floorboard creaking giving both occupants a warning to his approach.
"Sherlock!" The desperate cry rips from John's throat as he watches his Omega leap onto the ledge. "Get down now!"
John looked where Jim was looking. A tall alpha male with black riotous curls was looking at something lying on the ground. It was nothing impressive.
Dimmock yanks a hand through his sandy brown hair. "How much time do you need, and how can I help?"
"Freak, sociopath, psychopath, weirdo," Sherlock answers me.
Sherlock knocks on the door and identifies himself as a young vicar who was attacked and mugged on the street. They are left in, and John takes the chance to ask the woman opening the door for some water. She leads him into the kitchen, and he quickly prepares a bowl of warm water and cloth for his mate's face. "He's through there," the woman calls, gesturing to a parlor.
"Same way you kiss a woman. Lips aren't all that different whether you're a man or woman."
John doubles over laughing. He physically cannot stand up, he is laughing so hard. The pain in his mate’s voice, along with overall confusion as to why they are outside while smoke billows out of their flat, strikes him as funny. Combine that with the fact that they are banished outside because he left his mate cook spaghetti of all things and he is nearly on the ground shaking with laughter. When he can finally breathe again, he gasps out, “Oh Sherlock I love you!”
Sherlock doesn't respond.
“Sherlock, the taxi driver is insisting-“
They don't talk until they're outside, and then only to call a taxi. John thinks they're going home, but to his surprise Sherlock tells the man to take them to a craft store instead.
"How bad are these scars?" Lestrade asks. "Can I see them?"
“Sounds good. Anything off limits?”
"Is he?" John mumbles.
"Sherl-" John begins, but Sherlock's mouth is on his, kissing frantically.
Footsteps register within his brain, and he growls for a moment, but the scent wafts his way and he quickly recognizes the scent of his mate and halts mid-growl. "John, look out!" Distracted by his mate, John hadn't heard the leader trying to sneak up on him.
"Clearly John doesn't know where to look," Sherlock says as he stands up, approaching John with the intent of comforting him.
"Sherlock?" John asks, flummoxed.
"Animals."
Mycroft turns almost as red as his hair. "Never mind," he responds, flustered.
“No fair, Mycroft! You’re cheating!”
Sherlock slips downstairs and reheats his tea.
Once outside, Mycroft gives his brother a once-over.
"Are you pouting?" I ask, surprised.
Sherlock ignores him, eyes fixed on something only he can see. Frustrated, John says, "Yeah, you too."
"How long was he gone?"
"You're right," John agrees. "I don't. But you have to tell me things, I can't just figure them out. I'm not telepathic. So, back to my original question: how are you?"
Sebastian forges in to his right, picking off targets that Sherlock hadn’t killed yet, whether wolf or human. They stand side by side battling. Distantly, Sebastian is aware that at some point in the fighting Murray got a clear line to John and whisked him away for medical attention.
"I know," John replies, "but it's definitely nice to hear it from your mouth every once in a while."
"Gunpowder." Mycroft snorts in amusement. "Dryer sheets. And peppermint tea."
Sebastian does too. "It was a joke, honey. Sorry to have offended you. I'll talk to you, next time."
John drops the tracker in horror and bolts out of the room. "Guys! They've got trackers; the supplies have trackers! Somehow they knew to expect us! Don't take anything, but get out of here!"
"Yes, well, I had to throw the Americans off my trail. Thanks for tossing them out the window, by the way," she says, pinning Sherlock with her gaze.
"We decided that you will be staying with Gregory for now," announces Sherlock.
"No." The word falls out of Sherlock's mouth without warning, though he throws it out there confidently.
Sherlock goes red, and as soon as his mother leaves, he murmurs, "Delete! Delete!"
"Where is it?"
Mycroft's fist moves faster than I can see, slamming into my father's face and leaving bright red blood in its place. Everyone gasps, my Mother shudders. "Don't you ever hurt my boy again."
"I'm sorry," I tell him, and I am. I'm sorry I kissed his mate, I'm sorry I almost ruined their relationship, I'm sorry I called him my father, I'm sorry I can't behave better, I'm sorry I broke his dishes.
"Greg!"
"Right, so this is my room. But now it's yours too, John. Don't worry, I'll sleep in Mycroft's room so you have space."
Sherlock has been feeling depressed ever since they left Afghanistan. Thinking about John only seems to make it worse, he notes dully.
“I know. You’ll be okay, though.”
“I-I can’t,” Sherlock gasps, sounding hoarse. John’s Alpha feels proud as he looks over his mate. His hair is mussed, his voice hoarse, and his eyelids very nearly closed. ‘He looks wrecked, and I did that to him. I made him look like that.’
Sherlock exits the plane, dragging John along behind him, to see that Mycroft and Anthea are both lounging against one of Mycroft’s black town cars waiting for them. Mycroft, or rather Anthea under Mycroft’s direction, has the backseat set up with several comfortable pillows in an effort to make John more comfortable. Mycroft sits up front with his driver for once, and Sherlock decides to flag down a taxi for him and Anthea to give John the most room possible to stretch out and be comfortable. After all, he may be a sociopath, but even he isn’t heartless enough to leave his mate in pain if he doesn’t have to.
"He's really sick," replies Sherlock.
"Push me away?"
We make an odd group traveling up the stairs. With plenty of help I'm able to get upstairs, though I'm pale by the time I get there. Greg helps me sit on the bed, propping pillows so I'm comfortable.
"That's the one."
“Ooofff!” Sherlock complains as all the air rushes out of his lungs unexpectedly. “John, what on Earth!”
Mycroft grimaces unconsciously at the thought. “See?” Anthea questions viciously as soon as she catches sight of it, “That’s exactly what I’m talking about. Explain yourself, Mycroft.”
“I’m not avoiding him.”
"Oh it was," Sherlock reassures him.
“We missed your heat.”
"Anthea, where's my brother?" Sherlock questions, shoving past several people gathered around her desk grumbling angrily. Sherlock spares them a passing glance-foreign dignitaries. Boring.
John settles back against the counter, rolling his shoulder listlessly.
"Right," Sherlock said. "John, protect Soo Lin. I'll be back." He sprints off in the direction of the gunfire, despite John frantically hissing orders to stay put behind him where he's safe.
‘Serial suicides. This one left a note. 10/10? ;) –GL’
'Kay," John agrees, and in a few minutes he's back to snoring. Sherlock tries to fall asleep, but he can't. In the end he sneaks out to the Christmas tree, and falls asleep there as he's watching the lights. In the morning, that's where his brother and his mate find him, passed out in front of the tree, using one of John's new jumpers as a pillow.
"So?"
Then he catches sight of the bandage on Sherlock's neck. "John Watson! You got bonded and didn't tell me?!" He steamrolls on without giving John a chance to reply. "You poor kid. How'd it happen?" This is clearly directed to Sherlock.
"It is traditional to announce the birth of a baby in some form, is it not? Considering Mycroft is the only one who currently knows we are having children, we should make an announcement. Christmas is coming soon, it is the perfect opportunity to announce the imminent birth of our children." They've reached the front of the queue, and Sherlock pulls out his wallet. "You should leave your boyfriend, he's cheating on you," he tells the flabbergasted cashier. "Merry Christmas!" he calls as he leaves.
Sherlock gets me settled and begins banging around. I sit and daydream, remembering happier times in my childhood. I think about growing up with Harry, and when she told me she liked girls and hoped her future mate was a girl. I wish I could talk to her, she'd find it funny her straight-laced little brother has a male Alpha.
“Drugs? Are you serious?” John questions, aghast, at the same time Sherlock exclaims, “That was one time!”
Mycroft freezes. "I'm sorry?"
John paces away, pulling out his phone and dialing. After a couple minutes of soft conversation, he comes back. "Great news!" he reports, "Dr. Sawyer says that you should be fine. The muscle cramps, fatigue, and confusion are expected from a dose that large. We're going to need to wake you up every hour to see if you're more confused, Mycroft."
"Congratulations, you're having twins!"
“You did tell us the suitcase would be with the murderer,” an officer who John believes might be named Anderson tells Sherlock. “And here it is, in the home of our favorite sociopath.” He hefts the bag.
”Correct.”
“Hey, it still says that the phone is in our flat.” In the split second it takes John to glance at the screen, his mate has vanished into thin air. “Where’d he go?” he questions Lestrade, who shrugs.
"My Alpha and soon-to-be bondmate bought them," I say. I see Greg out of the corner of my eye, frantically telling them to get him away, but I step closer. I'm not done yet. "I found the perfect man. He's sweet and caring, kind and compassionate. I love him. He's nothing like you, he shows me what love is every day."
“Hey, glad you’re back safely. Where’s John?”
"Well I am sorry. I should've talked to you prior to banning your brother. As a matter of fact, I'll take you to see him now."
"Okay. Come along then, Mycroft." Sherlock seizes Mycroft's forearm and they both walk in the parlor. My pack gathers round, each squeezing my arm in encouragement before they enter.
"Sherlock? That pretty smart Omega boy?"
"Now. Gavin, please, we can give you our statements tomorrow. I'm so tired."
"Dull." The answer tells John the answer to his question. No, Sherlock doesn't have friends. "I'm going to sleep," his mate announces, and without preamble he falls asleep.
"I'm so sorry!" Molly exclaims, horrified.
Sherlock ducks his head to hide his smile, but John sees it. "For a sniper, you're alright," Sherlock offers.
John gapes at him. "What exactly do you do, again?"
"Good, then that gives me plenty of time. "Do you have a nursery theme picked out? Or baby registries up yet?"
"Well, traditionally the person is someone closest to you, but Mycroft is my only male friend, and he's the uncle so he can't be godfather too. So I was going to ask Sebastian."
“Clearly. Come here, Sherlock.”
"I was with you, then Gregory, so no."
"You took nine times the recommended amount?" John calculates, staring at Mycroft incredulously.
"Sure, I guess," John says agreeably.
"Where's the bottle?" John asks brusquely.
"John?" Sherlock gasps. "Are you alright? Are you hurt?" His fingers begin probing Johns side for non-existent wounds. John licks him from chin to forehead, overjoyed at the fact that his mate isn't cowering away from him.
"Hi Harry and Clara, it's John. Just wanted to let you guys know you're aunts now! Um, Sherlock and the twins are doing fine. Yeah. Call me back when you get the chance, okay? Love you guys!"
"Shhh, Mycroft," the stranger says again, soothing him. "It's alright, darling. I'll take care of you," another sexy chuckle, "now and forever."
Sherlock frowns at that but says nothing. After a moment, he powers on the phone, and they all listen to the voice mail that was left- a series of five pips, followed by a picture of an empty room.
“Chinese numbers?” John echoes. “But why would that be spray painted inside a bank?”
"Right," John replies, "come inside a minute, I need to call him to see what he's thinking."
"Okay," Jim says, rubbing his hands together with a malicious grin. "Here's what we need to do. I'll make a master list for everyone of things to bring. Put them in your backpack and leave your books, we won't need them where we're going. Roll your clothes into tight balls so you have more space. Mike and Molly, can you guys steal food?"
"Is he alright?" she inquires fearfully.
Sherlock nods. "How will it fly?" He barrels on without a pause for Mycroft to answer. "Unmanned aircraft, hardly new," he answers, a hint of frustration with himself sneaking into his voice.
Mycroft's eyes blaze as he takes in his brother's scars. He drops the sledgehammer, creating a rather large dent in the floor, and walks away.
"Oh. So he's real, then? I figured that man you were with you just claimed was named Mycroft."
John does a listless half-shrug. Everything hurts, and he just wants food and to lay back down in his bed. “I don’t know. We just moved. I’m drugged on pain pills, ya know?”
"Bathroom," Mycroft gasps, and Sherlock runs for it.
Sherlock glances up and catches sight of his brother about to enter the room. "Apparently, yes," he drawls, which sends him and his mate into another fit of giggles.
"We've arrived at your home, sir," intrudes the voice of his driver, and Mycroft rouses himself with a quiet gasp and silent admonition that caring is not an advantage.
Mycroft wakes with his breath in his throat. His body shakes as his lungs heave for air. Once he manages to slow his breathing, he stumbles to the bathroom.
Sherlock's body has stopped its trembling, and he unfolds himself from John. "I want to go home, John," he whines.
Sherlock orders the copies and runs outside to flag down a new taxi. "Would you be opposed to asking people to be our children's godfathers and godmothers using the cards as well?" Sherlock questions curiously.
My mother bursts into tears and throws herself at Mycroft, who shoots us all a panicked look and awkwardly pats her back. "Gregory, could you show Mrs. Watson upstairs? I really must be going to bed."
Sherlock doesn't answer him, but every time John goes to leave the flat his way is suspiciously blocked. "Sherlock, we can't stay inside the flat forever," he comments reasonably.
"Not until you answer me."
John spares no thought to the crazy lady who just fell out a window. Instead, he pulls out his phone and dials Mycroft.
John huffs a sigh and begins the daunting task of dragging Sherlock back to Baker Street, having to stop every few feet so the man can snog him. When he finally gets the lanky man in the door, he meets the rather furious gaze of Mycroft Holmes.
"Is Mycroft alright?" John asks.
"I'm alright, Mycroft. Besides, 'caring is not an advantage.'"
Within a few minutes Anthea has hustled through the door, helped maneuver Sherlock into one of Mycroft's black cars, and gotten them both to an obstetrician. She arranges for the waiting room to be completely empty-an unheard of feat- and the next thing John knows he is being hustled back and shaking the hand of a smiling doctor who John is introduced to but he promptly forget his name. It's not important, the only important thing is Sherlock.
Irene leers at him. "I told you that camera phone was my life. I know when it's in my hand."
"Thank you," John answers, relief in his voice.
“Fine. I’ll start?” At Sherlock’s nod, he says, “Okay, first question: What’s your favorite color and why?”
“I left a note, don’t worry. Take me to the body.”
"She's nothing," Sherlock replies, shoving John back a moment so John can see his face. "There is only you, John."
“You will try; it’s in your nature. But it’s in her nature to be a cheater, so it won’t work out. I wouldn’t expect a long-term happiness with her.”
"John? John? John, it's okay." I realize I'm starting to hyperventilate again. I also realize I'm upsetting Mycroft. I have to stop, otherwise he might hit me. I try holding my breath, but that doesn't help.
“I’m assuming you already know why I’m calling, so I’ll cut to the chase. My tenacity, as you called it, is refusing for me to give up my case information. I’ve been stepped on and pushed around a lot lately, and quite frankly I don’t need it from you too.”
“Yoo-hoo! If you two are done breaking in the bed, I’ve got breakfast here for you! Just this once, I’m not your housekeeper!”
"Well I would prefer to talk. I'd l-"
"She went out, remember, Sherlock?"
As we work together I begin to notice something a bit frightening- I'm noticing more and more good qualities about my soulmate. The way he helps me learn, the friendly way we laugh together, all spells disaster. I like the way his hair falls, and the color of his eyes. I think he's brilliant, and I think I'm falling for him, but I also don't think I'm gay. His mouth and those perfect Cupid bow lips look like I should kiss them, his hair is the perfect length to wind around my fingers, and I'm still not gay.
“I’ll text you,” replied Lestrade. “I’m going home for the night. See you tomorrow, John, and you too, Sherlock.”
Sherlock nods, and his attention is reclaimed by his laptop.
"Not since breakfast."
I'm not even sure how to respond to that. I'm shocked, to say the least.
"Should mark it on the calendar," John teases, nudging Sherlock with his elbow.
"What?"
John goes over and begins making a full English breakfast. He has the feeling Sherlock knows what he's doing when he lets out a sigh, but he gets up to help.
"We have no food," he reports after a cursory check in the refrigerator. "Sherlock, what will you eat?"
"John was- oh my god," Lestrade mutters. "Where's the bomb?"
The man leaps up and grabs for the gun, but John lunges and snaps at his arm, driving the man back, cradling his arm and howling.
Greg hums in agreement. "Thing is, he's super attractive." Greg wisely says nothing. I think a bit longer. "How do you kiss a man?"
John waves a hand. "I'll talk with him, just to be sure. I think he's okay, though. He's a bit nervous about cooking."
Perhaps he went to Greg. The two of them seem to have become good friends lately, so maybe he's there.
We break for lunch, but I can't be bothered to stop, or else I might lose my outlet. My words have a point and a purpose; they are cathartic and I am healing. I write like a possessed person, and it may possibly be the hardest thing I've ever done, but it feels so good. I am wounded, yes, but I am determined to heal.
"I said no. Very close, but no." He moves toward her. "When we first met, you told me a disguise was a self-portrait. How true you were. The combination of the safe was your measurements, but this, this is far more intimate." He takes the phone from her hand, and she releases it without a fight. "This is your heart."
"Fine." Angrily, Sherlock strips off his shirt and hurls it at his brother. "Happy now?"
Irene calls up the photo on the real phone and they stare at it together. It is a mixture of numbers and letters, in a code that makes no sense to Sherlock as it is written now. "What can you do, Mr. Holmes? Go on, impress the girl."
John slaps some bandages on the worst of Jim's cuts, and then the two boys slip back outside. Mike and Molly are there now, much to John's relief. "Everybody pack what they needed to?" Jim asks, slipping into the role of leader once more. At everyone's nod, he orders "Let's go!"
Sherlock rolls around, watching John. "Yes, you've mentioned it a few times. Who did you invite?"
"As wonderful a bonding opportunity as that sounds, I think I'll pass."
"Just you wait until you get bonded. You'll have office sex, table sex, crazy hot wild monkey sex, all with Lestrade."
“What do you mean, gets back?”
"Not selfish," his brother reassures, "you can ask for both. I am always here for you, even if we're not living together."
"Punch me. In the face. Didn't you hear me?"
Mycroft most overhear him because in the next moment he looks at his brother and says, "Don't be alarmed, it's to do with sex." He passes John a teacup, and hands one to his brother as well.
"It's fine." John lays back on the sofa, getting comfortable. He maintains watch until Mycroft has returned from the bathroom, and then he drifts off again.
“Boring, Giles! John, we’re leaving!”
"No."
“It was?”
"I'd prefer you in your bed naked, and don't worry, I've got pants on. That was a joke about you naked by the way, don't freak out."
"I'd say she just discovered what he did to us," Sherlock agreed. "So she killed him for it."
As soon as he gets back on English soil, he can feel John's agitation and anxiety through their bond. He sends out soothing thoughts of love and safety as he jumps on the tube that will take him back home. From there it is a short walk back to their flat. John pulls open the door the second he is near and comes flying out it, tackling him with exuberance. "Thought you were gone for good," he mumbles as he sniffs Sherlock's neck.
"Yo, John, let's go! The guys are here!" John's best friend Sebastian Moran yelled. John roused himself from his thoughts and headed to the bar with his fellow soldiers.
“I’d rather not.”
"An enemy," Mycroft retorts.
"What? No! Mycroft, no!" He continues tugging on his wrist, trying to free himself, but to no avail. "Alright, can we at least go upstairs?" Sherlock offers, attempting to placate his brother.
John glances up to find Mycroft staring at them. "Mycroft, I was just-" his voice trails off, unsure of what to say. It's obviously pretty clear what he was just trying to do. He climbs down off the table, feeling awkward.
"For what?"
“How do you expect me to be? I don’t know, I’m furious, and yet I understand it. I’m never home any more, I guess it was inevitable. I just thought our wedding vows actually meant something, ya know? Til death do us part, and all that. We didn’t even care that we weren’t Perfect Matches, they’re so rare nowadays that I just figured we could be happy together, and we didn’t care that we were an Alpha/Alpha pair either. No one else did, so…I thought we were happy. I thought she was proud of me, she used to be. She used to tell me I was her hero for getting all these killers off the street. She hasn’t told me that in years, come to think of it. What I don’t understand is why she wouldn’t come to me. If she missed me, missed the sex, the affection, whatever it was that she went to another man, why wouldn’t she come talk to me first, if she really loved me?”
"Let me see," John insists, trying to stop Sherlock.
John pulls open the door to the flat and is shocked to find one of the same men that had taken them to Buckingham Palace. "Hello," he greets politely, though internally he deflates at the knowledge that he and Sherlock will not be able to enjoy their alone time. "Come to take us away again?"
Lying in the dark, stomach hurting every time he breathes, arm feeling like it's broken, and previous slap to the face feeling newly re-opened, John Watson closes his eyes, thankful he's away from his father for now.
"Bad Samaritan!"
"I didn't smell anyone particularly."
"John is my brother's Omega. If for only that reason I'd want to keep him happy. But seeing the scars on him- I just think he might want you guys around."
Last try then-Jim. I know John and Jim had a small falling out lately, but it's the only other place John could be. I try Jim's door, which is locked, so I knock instead.
In the hours before their guests come, Sherlock decides to help John make a mince pie. Or at least, he really tries to stay focused and help with this pie, but his new lab equipment is calling to him, so after about ten minutes -and really, all John has to do is put it in the oven- he leaves and begins to set up an experiment.
"The angle of your tie, actually."
"If I give you puppy dog eyes, will you?"
"Think I hurt his feelings?" Lestrade asks John.
"I'll let you," Mycroft replies with his jaw clenched tight.
'Experiment. -SH'
"Sherlock, calm down," John says, trying not to upset the boy more. He plants himself in front of the door as Sherlock is distracted ripping out his NG tube.
"Lestrade?" he says, confused, as he swings the door open. "What-" he cuts himself off with a yawn "-what are you doing here?"
"Whoever came home must have left in a hurry," Molly answered. "The groceries are all still in bags. And it's all canned stuff."
John hears Sherlock babbling, but nothing is actually making sense anymore. The only words bouncing around in his brain right now are 'I'm pregnant.' He's going to be a father? Really? "So do you want a boy or girl?" John cuts Sherlock off to ask.
“Sherlock, taxi!” Mrs. Hudson calls.
Mycroft stands up and heads off for work. Greg follows him. Sherlock waits patiently until I am done eating to help me up. We go up the stairs, Sherlock's strong arms under me, and he swings open the door to a room I haven't been inside yet. "This is my lab," he tells me, pride in his voice.
"I'll think about it," Greg answers.
"But that's ridiculous. You're a fine Alpha," I argue.
"Molly, I think he's my Alpha," answers John. Since he's not bound to Sherlock Holmes, he has to follow the man's orders. It's the reason his father never bonded with his mother. And now, standing here in the yard of the house he just tried to rob, John is forced to come to terms with the idea that he does have an Alpha after all-one named Sherlock Holmes.
After detailing every word of our conversation, and being reassured that this is, in fact, normal, Greg and I begin to talk of other things. "Greg, you're gay," I start.
The cabbie drops them off outside of a gate. Sherlock’s eyes are lit with an unholy fire as he says, “C’mon, John, let’s go. Wait until the cab driver leaves, then we’ll climb the fence.”
Sherlock tries to manipulate his body to have a strop, but he can't twist. "I hate you," he tells John viciously.
"You do realize that's not mistletoe? It's actually holly. So traditionally, I didn't have to snog you at all."
Mycroft told us Greg was demanding that we come over at least once a week for a meal. Then Greg smacked Mycroft, and as it turned out, it was actually Mycroft that wanted us back for meals.
Sherlock yanks his hand away from John, scrubbing at his eyes which are rapidly filling with tears. "Stupid hormones," he proclaims, and they both laugh.
When John is dropped off and given orders to go inside Buckingham Palace, he is even more confused. Seeing his mate, who is still wrapped in just a sheet, John shoots him an exceptionally baffled look. "Are you wearing any pants?" he questions, knowing for certain that Sherlock had not put any on that morning, apparently due to chafing.
The final time John tells him to prove a point was possibly the most entertaining. Sherlock had invited Mycroft over for dinner, and insisted to John that he was capable of making dinner for himself, his mate, and his brother on his own. He had sent John off to his last therapy and set about making dinner. John learned a very important lesson that day- NEVER leave Sherlock Holmes in the kitchen to make dinner unattended.
Sherlock smirks, though Mycroft isn't looking at him full-on so he only catches it in his peripheral vision as they stand side-by-side. "Smoking indoors, isn't there one of those law things about that? Besides, I'm pregnant."
"Yes indeed," the man answers, holding out two tickets for John. John takes them, noting instantly that they are for the flight Sherlock had told Irene about.
'Yeah! :) How r u? -SD'
'You're lucky it's my day off. -GL'
I frown, standing up. I walk around the couch, then sit back down. "Anyway, after that my Father kept finding things I didn't do right. I would get hit for the slightest thing being out of place, or not being done to his standards. I always thought that I was the reason why he hit me, so it kind of made sense to me."
"So you're Sherlock Holmes," he says, rocking back and forth on his heels while gazing at Sherlock like the man hung the stars in the sky. "Molly's told me all about you, and about your cases. Are you working on one now?"
John takes his mate's hand, rubbing a thumb over the back of the hand gently. Sherlock goes boneless, flopping down onto the table, and John smiles at him contentedly. "Right now I'm thinking about how nice you looked cooking food. Wondering if this will be our lives now, if you'll trade out your experiments for cooking once we have a child."
"You could just say it," suggests John.
"Not within the past sixty seconds, no," Sherlock answers sassily. John bites him for that, nipping at the skin and leaving marks only he and Sherlock will see. "You can tell me again, though," Sherlock offers magnanimously.
"I know a police officer. Or rather, I know what he likes."
The doctor leveled a look at him.
There are three Chinese people nearby, a woman and two men. The woman is clearly the leader. One of the men is digging through his wallet, which makes John mad. The other palms a gun loosely in his hand.
John isn't completely unkind, he doesn't mention that Sherlock threatened to throw things at him when the nurses return, so he is left out of the restraints. The IV is removed too, which thrills Sherlock.
WARNING: MAJOR SPOILER FOR THIS CHAPTER!! This chapter contains mpreg.
Sherlock snorts. "Obviously. Most people don't see it that way."
"He's done what?" Mycroft's voice is full of rage, and it sends shivers up and down Lestrade's spine. Yup, that Big Brother bloke is one terrifying Alpha. "I'll be there immediately."
When they arrive at Heathrow airport, they find the American waiting for them. He is clearly battered and in pain, and John glances at Sherlock with a smile. His mate can clearly defend himself.
"Your favorite. Lestrade just stopped by to drop it off. He said he was up late last night and he made it so he wanted to drop some off."
“Thanks,” John mutters.
Sherlock slumps in his seat. He doesn't move until John places breakfast in front of him. Then he picks up his fork. He proceeds to shovel half the meal in without pause, then finally declares, "I'm done," and drops his fork to his plate with an obnoxious clatter.
"John, stop," Mycroft says.
"I hate you all," Mike says. "I'm coming along, because otherwise you idiots are all gonna end up dead."
"No, it's a replica," Sherlock corrects, "but someone went through a lot of trouble to make it seem like the same one."
Sherlock leaves his brother immediately and flies down the stairs and out the door. "John, c'mere!" he cries, seizing John's arm and dragging him away from his conversation with Greg and Anthea.
He types some more, and hits the send button with a flourish. "Back to Afghanistan, John? I'd estimate about a week until you get back, meaning Sherlock's second heat will also be spent on foreign soil. I can promise you, John, that if-theoretically-anything were to happen to my brother, they will not be able to find your body."
“He needs us,” Sherlock agrees, grabbing his coat. “He went home last night.”
"No, I think I'm onto something, I just need to confirm it."
"Who?"
"And for saving my life."
"John," begins the ginger-haired man, "it's alright. Sherlock's fine, thanks to you, brave Alpha. He's not in danger from me." He stretches out his fingers, though he makes no threatening moves toward the pacing wolf.  "Smell the Family Bond, John? Smell the Omega scent? I'm no threat to you or your mate."
“Hey,” John calls, tapping Sherlock’s head lightly with his knuckles. “Anybody home?”
“Yes, you were.”
"Drugged him. He'll be alright, he just needs to sleep it off."
"John!" Sherlock screams again. While John was busy, he had been grabbed by the henchman who had been looking through John's wallet. The other man is gone, he fled the scene of the crime.
"And a doctor," Sherlock adds, dropping to the ground to poke at his father's corpse.
"Homework? You listen to me, boy. No alpha wants an intelligent omega. You need to learn to clean house and be a nice bedwarmer. That's all you need to know."
"Thank you."
"So was I," Sherlock murmurs.
"The only reason you want me is your heat. Like I told you, I understand the word 'no.'"
Sherlock doesn't respond, he just goes into the bathroom and grabs the dirty clothes, carrying them to the washer and starting the laundry. Then he returns outside.
The boy's lips pull back in a snarl.
"And I'm sorry! But it was either Jim or Greg or Mike or Sherlock or you, and Jim is upset with me, Sherlock's my mate, you're kinda scary, and Mike's not gay, so that left Greg."
"Yeah, Greg mentioned something like that. I don't care who you are, you have to follow directions or I'll arrest you."
"Do what you want! Clearly the groceries matter so much more to you than I do!"
I fall asleep curled in the chair and wake up to an alarm. "Wh-what's that?"
He shakes his head at his ridiculous fantasies and heads back to his team, barking orders.
"What happened to his ribs?"
Sherlock is aware of her leaning toward him He begins searching through his Mind Palace on tips to help him break the code, whirling through potential combinations until he lights upon something that seems to work. The moment he solves the code he feels Irene's lips brush his cheek, but she has already pulled back so he ignores it. A quick glance at John shows he's seen it too, his hands are tight enough on the handle of his teacup it's a miracle the thing hasn't snapped off yet. "There's a margin for error but I believe there's a 747 leaving Heathrow tomorrow at 6:30 in the evening for Baltimore. Not sure how this could save the world, but there you have it." He hands the phone back to her.
Greg yanks the door open. "Sally, this is not what it looks like. He's practicing to propose to someone else."
"Dance naked, you'll definitely get a response," Sherlock tells him.
"Someone's grumpy," John jokes.
"It was all there." In a few moments, Sherlock has laid out everything that led to the realization that Jim was gay, concluding with, "that and the extremely suggestive fact that he left his number," which is tugged out from beneath the petri dish, "and I'd say you're better off cutting all ties now."
Sherlock points, " Over there."
From the moment John first meets Sebastian he wants to punch him in his smarmy face. The man is altogether condescending, calling Sherlock a freak until John snarls at him and puts him in his place. Far from seeming threatened, Sebastian laughs. “So you found yourself a mate? We didn’t think you ever would, little freak.”
