It was difficult for Dean to sit down and work through the day, working in AutoCAD and taking calls, checking Kanbans and advising on technical documentation, with all that was going on in the world outside. It was also tough to work when your normally reasonable roommate was acting more coolly than usual.
And still, squirreled away in one corner near a window was a little reading nook, with a high backed green leather chair, matching footstool and floor lamp that was definitely vintage.
Aaron gave Dean a wink as he pulled on his apron, making Dean blush. The two of them didn’t work together often, and it was usually Aaron that worked the late afternoon to closing shift.
“DEAN!”
. Dean navigated to the contact button and touched it.
“Okay, the wager: if there’s nothing going on, you have to pick out Mom and Dad’s Christmas presents this year,” Dean offered.
“You have nothing to worry about.”
The street was quiet as Dean hopped out of the van and unlocked the gates so they could drive right up to the hotel and use the main doors to start taking his things inside. Once the gates were open, Dean drove them up to the hotel and headed on inside to check if Cas was around. He headed to the sunroom on instinct and found Cas sitting in there, a light blue, short sleeved shirt on, blanket over his legs and feet as he sat in his favorite spot.
That gave Dean pause. Jack hadn’t been living for thirty years. Everyone from his life had, from what Dean had found through research, moved on or died. There was no one left in Sioux Falls who remembered the young man who disappeared one night, only to be found dead the following morning. The only record of Jack that was official said officially he was dead. Despite all of this, Dean was pretty sure that between them, they could help Jack build some semblance of an existence again.
Garth had been somewhat moodier than usual since the start of the week and that had surprised Dean, because Garth was never moody. He figured something was going on with the secret someone he hadn’t told anyone about, but Dean didn’t want to pry.
“Hopefully it’s just a one off, right?”
That suggestion seemed to help Cas untense a little. “I’d like that.”
, Dean thought.
“Do you have feathers?”
“Please! I’ll go change.” Sam hurried away and headed upstairs.
Several “whoops” erupted around the table and a smattering of claps. Dean was vaguely aware of Sam doing an embarrassed little brother groan. Once everyone had settled down, they got to eating. Dean couldn’t stop grinning the whole time.
Dean thought about it. “Maybe, but it’s a long time to spend sitting down on the floor. Maybe Cas would let me use the main dining room? Place is huge. Big tables. Plenty of chairs. I could, like, cook us all up something. Maybe make some homemade gumbo or something? Benny shared his recipe with me a few weeks back.”
Dean pondered as he started getting a to-go order sorted.
Lurching upwards, Dean sat on the edge of his bed and moved to his record player. He set the needle and arm to its rest position and turned it off. He walked over to his door and opened it.
“Why wouldn’t he have believed you? You see ghosts after all. Hear them and feel them too.”
“Now, just few finishing touches and I think we’ll be done.” Dean got up and went looking for his original supplies.
“The realtor thinks we should be able to close this week. I’m pretty confident we can.” Mrs Henderson stirred sugar into her coffee. “I know it’s going to be tough moving there, and Thomas will take some time getting used to it. But it has the space he needs and it’s quieter. And the last time we checked it out, Thomas seemed to like the house.”
“No, don’t you worry about me. I’ll be fine,” Garth said, sounding the exact opposite of fine.
“Why do you want a party all of a sudden?” Dean asked. Cas had stopped scanning by this point and wandered over to Dean. Which was fine, except for the distracting way that the sleeves of Cas’s dress shirt were rolled up.
Cas looked at him, hand stilled, eyes big and full of centuries. “You.”
Shuddering, Dean continued to face out the windscreen as he said, “Went to Garth’s after my shift today.”
Dean and Cas were still together. Cas had not reopened the hotel as a regular venue, but was hosting regular LARP events with Charlie and Dean’s help.
The Ddraig loomed in the darkness, ethereal in the moonlight, no real external lighting to speak of. Dean hadn’t come back this late since he’d moved in. Heading for the front door, he let himself in, locking the doors back up behind him. Somewhere, a clock ticked over and started ringing midnight, the chimes echoing through the immense space. There were no lights left on, which was fine, because Dean had the light of his cell phone to guide him.
Dean tried to remember when his
“Mmm, good,” Dean murmured and sipped it slowly, blowing on it between sips. He decided that thinking was just a poor use of his time and decided to stop doing it and just try to relax.
“Sure, it’s possible. Why?”
“Okay.”
“Yes… and I’m sure you’re wondering why I don’t hire a podiatrist when it gets this bad? And let me tell you, I’ve tried. But some either charge a fortune or wish to… involve me in quite invasive features. And it’s just not tenable for me to put myself into such care.” Castiel sighed. “You see?”
“There’s a but,” Cas said.
“Likewise, Dean’s been making heart eyes about you whenever I see him.”
Sam removed a highlighter from between his teeth and said, “Afternoon.”
“The rental photos didn’t do it justice,” Charlie said as she got out of the Impala.
A smile curled Cas’s lips and he looked away before looking back. “Again, Dean, I understand if you wish to leave. You are free to do so.”
It was like a slow motion horror movie, the way the door opened up despite part of Dean’s brain telling him to stop, but he couldn’t stop himself.
A grumbling voice stopped Dean in his tracks as he stood beside the swinging doors that led into the kitchen. Rather than walk in, he stayed where he was and listened.
“Hey, Cas, you okay? Your food’s getting cold.” Dean put his ear to the door, but couldn’t hear anything through it. “Look, I’m coming in.”
“In the east wing?” Cas asked.
Once they were seated with food, conversation didn’t move beyond passing each other things as they plated up and ate. Trying not to focus on the kiss, Dean tried to pull his thoughts back to the conversation they had been having before the garlic bread. Having someone to read and analyze all the books Cas had would take time and mean bringing other people into their circle. Somehow, Dean didn’t think that would go down well.
Bobby frowned and then his eyes widened in surprise as if he was seeing his surroundings for the first time. “How the hell did I miss this place?”
Dean’s frown deepened. “Are you telling me that you need me to read a bunch of old books?”
“Very well.”
“Of course.” Cas’s rested a waiting hand on the book he’d picked out.
They’d found two potential spells.
Bobby’s lips thinned, but eventually he nodded. They changed seats as the dwindling rush of Monday morning traffic sped past them and Dean started the engine again. Signaling left, Dean immediately knew where he needed to take them.
Christmas was good and happened without further incident, though Jack got lost at the mall when they took him clothes shopping for the first time.
Before the situation could get any more awkward, Dean strode off back to the main foyer and proceeded to the main desk to get his bearings. There were dual sweeping staircases that swept around the desk area on either side, carrying on up to the next floor and the floor above that. He looked to his right from the desk, and saw an immense pair of double doors that had a construction warning sign stuck to the wood there and all kinds of bright hazard tape.
Spinning round as Cas lurched behind him, Dean saw Sam standing in the ballroom, the color drained from his face, eyes wide open. Jack appeared behind him and somehow closed the doors, loudly, making Sam jump and turn to see Jack.
Dean didn’t say anything for a moment as he turned this revelation around in his head.
“You’ll likely think me insane.”
“What’s a LA-RP?”
“How’s the new place?” Sam asked and took a swig from the oat milk flat white he’d ordered for himself. Garth had forced Dean to take a break, so he could go talk to his brother, which felt more like a betrayal than anything else. Like Dean wanted to be talking about his feelings and how he was doing with anyone—his therapist had been chasing him to make a new appointment as well, now that she was back from vacation.
“Cream, one sugar, yes?” Cas asked as he approached the vintage, Gaggia coffee machine that took pride of place in the kitchen.
“Of course I’m worried you’ll break his heart. He seems fine now, but you didn’t see right after he left firefighting. Right after he left Cassie. You haven’t seen that part of him. So, if you ever cause him reason to feel that way, I want you to understand that being a dragon won’t help you. Understand?”
, he thought miserably. Because he’d been pulling long nights and some weekends, desperately working to help his bosses at AquaWheels keep their investors happy as they tried to find a hydrogen powered car design that worked. It was an iterative process, but venture capital was always a hungry master.
“I think you’re gonna need a few more pieces,” Bobby pointed out.
“Dean, are you even listening?” Sam grumped down the line.
Dean jumped a little, but his shock was short-lived as he blinked away the water from his eyes and turned to look at Cas through the steamed up glass of the shower. “Hey, Cas.”
Castiel’s lips curled at that and he snorted. “Something like that.”
“Castiel did.” Dean finished his beer off and got off the stool he’d been perched on.
Sam was already home, which was a surprise when Dean parked up outside the house. He headed on in, and was greeted by a brief mumble from somewhere on the living room couch.
“I know if the spell is here, but I have so many rare treatises, spell books and tomes of lore there may be something here that can help. And while I can read all the books here, I have tried for thirty years to find an answer and failed.” Cas smiled.
and a flower arranging class), and he untacked those, setting the colorfully topped pins ready in a bottom corner of the board, ready for fresh notices. Garth had always been clear with Dean that he wanted his coffee shop to be a central space for the community, serving them more than just fresh coffee, pastries and delicious cake.
Hirst was a half-elf bard who swung all the ways. At level four, he was already well-established in-game as someone not to be left alone with anyone you didn’t want the pants romanced off of. Hirst tended towards being chaotic good, with little to no respect for the rule of law if it seemed to go against his own ideas of justice. Hirst played a mean flute and was a renowned actor.
“Hello,” Thomas greeted, eyes still on his train.
“What about laundry?” Dean hefted the envelope in his hand.
“You said that already,” Dean said, rolling his eyes. He led the way from the drive up to the main doors and opened them.
With noticeable effort on Cas’s part, he said in a low husky voice, “Thank you, Dean. If you’re finished…” Cas’s voice trailed off into uncertainty.
“Hello, is there anybody out there?” Dean called, voice echoing again. He looked up to the ceiling and its surprisingly high beams worked in repainted steel. The red paint gleamed in the afternoon light, like the sticky crimson of fresh blood and Dean looked away, blinking hard. The beams above creaked and his breath fogged in front of him, the temperature of the room suddenly dropping.
“Hello?” Dean called again, voice bouncing off the walls, as no one emerged from anywhere. The heating ticked over somewhere deep in the bowels of the building and the wind shifted a large pine outside, its needly branches scratching against the windows. He took a step forward and the highly polished, reclaimed oak creaked under his boots. Dean glanced down and the zigzag Versailles panels looked like they were trying to cycle along like the surface of an escalator, the flowing movement both bizarre and stomach churning.
“Don’t… worry, I’ll get everything packed away,” Dean said in a rush. He turned as he stood, hoping to rearrange himself again and trap his dick in a position where it wouldn’t give him away. He hurriedly packed up, stowing everything back in the bags he brought it in. And then with a quick “see you in the morning” Dean hurried out of Castiel’s rooms and back down the hall.
“Oh,” Jack said simply, taking a step back. “I didn’t realize it happened so sudden.”
“I’m not so sure about this,” Jack said as Dean, Cas and Charlie worked to set up a bathroom in one of the empty hotel rooms that was just within the boundaries of the east wing. The bath was where the real ritual would take place.
Garth opened with, “Hey, Dean, can we talk?”
Cas looked away for a second and then back to Dean. “For part of the year. Is that going to be a problem?”
“Um, I’ll have a think about how we can get someone else to read all these books.” Dean grabbed his beer and headed off, retreating back to his rooms.
Distantly, Dean was aware of the fact that he was tackling the task of handling Cas’s toenails much like he used to help Sam with school projects back in the day. With their parents both busy working to keep a roof over their heads, Dean was often the one to help Sam with his schoolwork. When Sam had an egg to look after for all of two weeks and a report on the experience to write, Dean had taken to the task with gusto. Helping Sam build a little egg crib with hand crocheted blanket, a crocheted carry pouch, setting a feeding schedule for the egg, and even digging out suitable reading material for an unfertilized glob of yolk. The reading list included
“We should check with Jack if he wants to be returned to the land of the living or not. Otherwise… we should find out if there’s a way to send him on… or whatever.” Dean casually slipped away from the counter and started heading towards the main doors out of the kitchen.
Cas shrugged as his shadow and body formed back into its human size and shape. “She’ll believe when she wakes up.”
On the floor in his living room, not that it looked much like one yet, Dean sat with his arms around his legs and his head on his knees, back to the wall. He had opened his door to Cas, but had so far been unresponsive to anything else asked by his house mate.
Normally Dean could get more conversation out of Cas, but since the whole mess had become more real for everyone, it had been tough to talk. He’d asked the usual questions he’d asked any of his friends, like Charlie—
“It was,” Cas agreed, smiling.
Setting the mattress against a wall, Bobby rolled his shoulders and stretched his back, things audibly clicking and popping as he did. He turned around on the spot, taking in the space.
“Roommate must be able to geek out about the show Paranormal!” Dean muttered to himself. “What the hell kind of show is that?!” Dean then moved into a new tab and hit up search. After ten minutes he was suddenly wondering if maybe the show was available on Netflix or something, because it sounded pretty cool. Shifting back to his apartment listings, he scrolled some more, mood deflating with each one he read until one in particular caught his eye:
“Not a joke, Char,” Dean said calmly.
Pulling out his cell, Dean set up a timer and started it. “I’m going to unpack some of my things. You, just sit here and relax, okay, Cas, and I’ll be back before you know it.”
, Dean thought.
“Nope,” Dean said in a low pained voice. He turned and bolted for the door, still blissfully open. Crossing the threshold, the door slammed closed behind Dean, but he didn’t look back as he made his way down the hall and then took the stairwell two steps at a time, ignoring the way the tiles made his stomach lurch.
Monday arrived, Dean was meant to have the day off anyway, with Aaron doing handover with Garth, and Dean went to Bobby’s to borrow a van to haul his things in. Sam had reluctantly gone into the office, and it had taken Dean insisting he didn’t need any help and that he’d call later to reassure Sam.
Charlie settled back down. “So, things are getting serious between them, huh?”
Cas stood up and held up a wine glass filled with a crisp Sauvignon blanc. “Welcome everyone. Thank you for coming here today.”
“Cas, if ghosts
December meant no Dungeons and Dragons for Charlie and her players because of the increase in social obligations beyond their own little group. And so, on the second Friday of December, Charlie came to The Ddraig to help Cas and Dean bring Jack back to life. This was despite Cas issuing all sorts of warnings ahead of time that the magic could go badly wrong and that none of them were hugely experienced practitioners of magic. Charlie had promptly pointed out that Dean was at just as much risk and anyway: the spell needed three people to do the chanting.
“Just, noting that workplace bachelor party shenanigans are not something you’re into. Need to be on top of stuff like that for when you eventually ask Eileen.”
“It’s just Cas, thank you,” Cas said.
“Yeah.”
“It’s huge,” Bobby said.
“Give me that.” Sam put his beer down and leaned over Dean, snatching up the lease Cas had given Dean to take home. Dean watched Sam’s face as he read through the ten pages that Cas had given Dean and Dean couldn’t help smirk at the consternation on Sam’s face, the deeper he got into the lease. Every page just seemed to make Sam’s mouth twist and skin go just a shade paler.
“Cas… it is.” Sam winced.
“I don’t know what happened, but I think he might have pronounced a word wrong when doing the thing with the wards?” Jack hypothesized just as they reached the ballroom.
“What, already? And I was just starting to enjoy myself too,” Dean teased.
“But… if you do move in, maybe Castiel will let you host huge LARP sessions there?”
A moment later the handshake was over, and Cas turned back to his seat. “I’ll leave you to your tour, I’m sure you’re eager to see the rest of The Ddraig.” He picked up the latest novel he was reading—the fifth book Dean had seen him devour that week.
They were beginning to run out of places to look. Elbows deep in one of a kind tomes, eyes red rimmed from lack of sleep and the dust that they had stirred up pouring through the pages. Bobby sat back in his chair, his fingers resting atop a watered down and warm glass of whiskey. Sam, across from him, pressed his palms into his eyes, as he tried (but failed) to fight off a yawn.
“You could’ve had me,” the words are so quiet, “I wish you would’ve.” How many times has he admitted these words in his dreams? In prayers that went unanswered? “Too fucking chicken shit to ever do anything, too afraid I’d fuck it up,” the words spill out of him faster and faster. “One good thing, the one good thing this life gave to me was you, but I know me, I fuck everything up. I don’t know how to keep people, only how to push ‘em away and I couldn’t....”
An uneasy routine began after that. Bobby would call every couple of days with a fruitless
The lump was back this time decidedly higher, threatened to cut off his air and made the backs of his eyes burn.
Or…very early.
Dean to come back.
Eventually he had to go back out on the road, if only because being cooped up in Bobby’s was driving them both insane. “I’ll call if I find anything,” Bobby had promised as Sam had shifted the backpack on his shoulder. Dean’s keys –
Either way the brassy rumble of Bobby’s voice that broke the silence of the house wasn’t surprising. “We should call it a night,” something in his back popped as he sat forward. Sam took in a slow breath of air, rolling his shoulders in a vain attempt to release the tension. Bobby was probably right, but as if he could read Sam’s hesitancy plain on his face the older hunter added, “we can look at this crap with fresh eyes tomorrow.”
It was an easier decision that it should have been, but he was too tired to quibble about the morals of reality. His body was tired, his eyes were tired, his mind was overwhelmed by ancient texts that he and Bobby had been translating. Dean was dead.
How old was he?
Did he count the years in hell, or not? Does he count the one in purgatory? How about the hundred days he lived and died - were those a part of this life? He ran his free, rough hewn, hand - was this even his original hand - over his face. His breath in soft tatters. Birthdays in the past had been busy, world’s were ending, people were dying, but now here he was. Still. Everything was...okay. It was, there was no crisis at hand. Just busywork, clean up jobs, every day tasks that called people away.
Dean winced at the thought and sat up, reluctantly awake.  He didn’t like thinking about Sam.  About that wound he’d created through selfishness.  The same wound that had pushed him to cut himself off from Castiel.  Until Castiel practically broke down his door.
Dean’s grin shifted a bit, becoming warmer and almost feral.  “Pie?  Well, damn, Cas; can’t say no to that, now can I?”  He sniffed the air, sighing with pleasure.  “And I can already smell that cheese and sauce.  You’re gonna spoil me.”
Sorrow.  Dean’s green eyes were so dark, they appeared black.  But . . . relief, as well.  It’s truly what he wanted.  For Castiel to walk away.  To leave him to his . . . stupidity.
Blinking in surprise, Castiel took a second to level a glare at the man.  “Anyone ever tell you that you drink too much?”
Dean cringed.  Proof positive.
The vampire shuddered, dropping his head into his hands.  “It’s . . . it’s going to happen.  My . . . my sire threatened me with hunters.  Said he knew ones that would take my head off.  Just rip me apart.”  Sydney gasped, shaking atop the stool.  “He’s one of them,” he whispered.  “I can smell the blood on him.”
”  He fell silent for a few beats before continuing.  “
"You’re getting a kick out of that, aren’t you?"
Castiel beamed at him.
“You’re drunk,” Castiel stated, surprised.  Dean reeked of alcohol.  His eyes were bloodshot and his face flush.  Given that not much time had passed, he had to wonder if Dean had even paused to breathe as he’d sucked down whatever booze he’d chosen tonight.
He froze.  Pulling the door back, he stared at Dean.  “What did you call me?” he whispered.  He barely noticed Balthazar slink off down the steps.
The next day, he realize he’d
Dean’s amusement with the ramped up flirting faded quickly.  Right now, he regretted the jeans and vest since both threatened to cut off his breathing if he shifted around too much.  But more than that, he could clearly see a change in Castiel.  Dropping his grin, Dean cleared his throat.  “You okay, Gabe?”
Darting through the opening, he sped toward Dean’s home, knowing he wouldn’t be there for a few hours at best.  It gave him plenty of time to snoop and hopefully learn something more of Dean and his brother.  He might have walked out of Dean’s shop that day but he hadn’t given up yet.  The man was so damnably inscrutable, however.  Kept things close and tight and never let a thing slip.  Well, no more.  Castiel would not allow it.  He’d make Dean understand that he wasn’t a victim in this.  That Dean’s presence no more harmed him than the hours slipping by in a day.
Castiel echoed his laugh and tilted his head, nuzzling Dean’s neck.  He could feel it already.  That passionate heat circling his groin.  He let go the control he normally carried over his libido, his skin fiery hot in seconds.  Desire headier than any alcohol surging through his body.  His nerves sizzled like fireworks and he shifted, hooking his left leg over Dean’s.  Licking the man’s neck tentatively, he purred, “Maybe?”
Dean sighed as Sam left, rubbing his forehead.  Yeah, maybe he did look forward to it.  When Sam would get sick, Dean always felt like a parent.  He had to keep the younger Winchester hale and hearty; it was his job, in a way.  He never resented doing it — all right, maybe when he was younger and pissed at John — but with Castiel … it didn’t feel that way.
“Duh, idiot; just . . . you weren’t the last time I talked to you.”  He shut the door and followed Dean down the hallway to the living room.
”  A static burst of breath over the phone.  “
Dammit.
His head jerked up, green eyes wild.  He calmed slowly, though, swallowing.  ”He … uh … he told me I need to get the jewels back from Crowley.  By this Friday.”
Dean laughed, pleased to see those plush lips quirk up in a familiar way.  “That’s right, Cas; talk nerdy to me.”
Four months after meeting Dean for the first time, he had the man’s lunch nearly ready when he heard Dean chime, “Two, Cas.”
Dean’s life wasn’t anything complicated; at least, not in the traditional sense.  Sure, hunting had done him a nasty turn a time or two; going to Hell being somewhere top on that list.  And then, most recently with Sam.  A topic he tried
He waved, smiling wider when it pulled in front of his store.  Dean leaned over the passenger seat and rolled down the window, beckoning him closer.  “Mornin’, Cas,” he drawled.
“Are you all right?” Castiel asked quietly, lowering his menu.
stories of what you do to us and why we should always avoid signs of a hunter.”  He flung an arm wide.  “We
The frown returned.  “Yes.  Dean, is something wrong?”
No, it had to be something that didn’t sound like a
? he chided.  His goddamn mind was running away with him at the moment.  So much so that he missed half of what Sam blathered on about.
Sam just grinned, chewing on his salad.
But that was a subject for another time, right?  Things were perfectly fine right now.  And it wasn’t as though Dean had asked if he was a fairy.  He’d only asked why he lived in Grovelock.  And while Castiel hadn’t gone into specifics, it was accurate.  This was his home.
Castiel narrowed his gaze.  “I watched a hunter kill three of my kin when I was barely five years old.  We were told
Castiel unlocked Dean’s cuff, pushing him toward the chair in front of Balthazar’s desk.  The man complied though he looked up at Castiel in confusion.
“Well, lads; I believe I am no longer needed.”  He grabbed his jacket and shrugged into it, smirking at Castiel.  “Seems someone could have told me to sleep in this morning, had he bothered.”
Why on earth had he done that?  Castiel wasn’t anything to Dean.  Not really.  He wasn’t even a publisher.  He was a lie.  A fraud.  A stranger to Dean.  But that kiss had been so sweet and tender.  Kind.  He didn’t deserve that.  At all.  Why would Dean have done that?
Dean’s laughter when he launched himself at the man, knocking them both to the ground, was worth the bruised knee and gravel in his palms.  Especially when he could kiss those lips again.
Rubbing his arm, Gabriel waved weakly to Dean.  “O-oh.  Dean.  Hi.”  When he said nothing more, Dean lifted his brows, glancing to the man beside them.  He nearly burst into hysterics at the sudden squawk and blush as Gabriel flailed.
It had never been his intent to keep his king from his malicious tricks.  He’d been so curious of those in Grovelock.  Most were not human.  He’d never seen such a dense gathering of the supernatural, not related to his own kin.  Hard not to find interest in that.  But then he’d befriended Howard Jeffries and his wife.
“Oh!  Should . . . should I hang up now?”  He stared at his reflection in the rearview mirror, resisting the urge to roll his eyes until they fell out.
Their conversation turned lighter, thankfully skirting family entirely for the sake of current events and the banalities of modern entertainment.  Plates clean, Dean sat back with a sated sigh, quirking an eyebrow when Castiel stood and headed to the kitchen, leaving his dirty plate behind.  Dean almost called out to him when the man returned, a thick wedge of cake on a small plate in his hand.
His phone beeped almost immediately.
Pamela seemed unwilling to let the subject drop.  She half-turned to him in her seat, giving him her best co-host smile.  “You sure?  I thought for
“Dude, you never get randomly hard at work?”  He laughed when Castiel groaned and dropped his head to the couch.  “Seriously.  This is the first time I’ve ever had sex back here.”  Castiel looked up then, just in time to watch Dean saunter back to Castiel’s side, his cock hard and red, tip enticingly wet.  He stroked himself once, eyes rolling up.  “Fucking hell.”  He shuddered.  “Cas, I can’t wait to get inside you.”
Silence.
?  He smirked, letting Gabriel know he wouldn’t blow Castiel’s cover nor would he cancel the signing.  At some point, he’d have to talk to Castiel about all this garbage, but for now, he’d let it slide.
Castiel flicked him in the back of the head.  “Some of us have dry skin, Dean.”  He snickered.  “Why do I think that is why
For a moment, Dean watched him quietly, an inscrutable expression on his face.  After a bit, he frowned and shook his head.  “Damn, you make this hard,” he muttered.  Before Castiel could prod him, Dean went on.  “I already said that I don’t like James.  I like
Castiel frowned.  ”Dean, this is a trigger.  These … items are not good for you.  It’s clear you’ve been hurt in the past and I … I can’t apologize enough for putting you in that position.”  He looked away for a moment and sighed.  ”As I stated, I’d misread you.  I thought perhaps … you were a sub in need of a Dom.  So … forgive me.”
Castiel lifted a hand and he blanched, noting the faint golden glow seeping from his skin.  He blushed again, looking away.  “Um, weakness.”
liking it so much.  Being
If he left now, he’d never see Dean again.  He
a fairy.  As long as Dean did nothing to harm him or the people he cared about, what did it matter that he was a hunter?  It was clear he wasn’t now.  Perhaps that was what he’d left behind that had left him so low.
But did he really?  Dean could still recall how Castiel would limit their physical interactions.  A part of him was beginning to understand the ‘no sex’ rule but even then, it didn’t explain the rare kisses or just the brush of a hand.  As though Castiel himself didn’t want to cross any boundaries.  The claims of his desire for Dean felt superlative, given that.
“Dean,” he interrupted, voice calm but stern.  “It happened.  It’s fine.  Please don’t worry.”
That alone filled him with worse pain than the inevitable embarrassment he currently faced.  At Dean’s shop, he swallowed.  Through the frosted glass of the door, he could see the chairs Dean had set up, already filled.  Balthazar stood with Dean near the backroom, clearly waiting for Castiel.
Castiel sighed, and flew a bit higher, pressing his hands to the top of Dean’s head.  He layered a calming spell on the man, feeling the tension ease and Dean’s breathing slow and deepen.  He fluttered down, finding Dean’s eyes shut, his head lolling.
“Only if you fill me in.”
“Yeah, a real fucking marvel,” Dean muttered.  He raised a hand as though to swat Castiel away but dropped it quickly.  He shook his head instead, licking rainwater from his lips.  “You read those things, Cas.  You know
Dean wrinkled his nose, eyes glinting.  “Anyone ever tell you that you talk like an old fart?”
Dean snagged a roll from the tray Jessica carried and snorted.  “Pfft.  No you won’t.  You’d never find another absolute
Just . . . he knew his limits for the most part and kept to the edge of them.
At the time, Sam wasn’t in town yet and Dean didn’t have a place to stay so he’d gone.  And fuck . . . he wished he hadn’t.  Michael was handsome and charming but violent.  He enjoyed leaving marks on Dean.  Bruises, wounds; didn’t matter.  As a Dom, Michael had been all about
might accompany Dean to the event.  Dean himself wasn’t even sure.  He
“Su-ure
Castiel to do that.  Dean had said
to click into place and he’d be on the path to normal.
at seven, tonight?”
Relieved that he could be rid of this subject, Dean waved away the comment and steered their conversation to the wedding itself.  Once Sam was on that subject, he seemed to have forgotten his heart-felt plea to Dean.
to see a handsome jewel thief.”
He smiled weakly and nodded.  With temptation gone, he felt his body relaxing, the last vestiges of desire and lust cooling into an itch he’d have to scratch later.  Feeling presentable finally, he rose from the table, bringing their empty wine glasses to the sink.  “I’m glad you could join me for dinner, Dean,” he said, leaning against the counter.
Granted, he didn’t think that’d get him very far.
"Er, yes.  This is Castiel Novak at Hotel Deluxe in room 20-105.  Could you please send up two orders of Chicken Pad Thai?  Yes, two.  Thank you."  He set the phone down and peered at Dean.  "If you even
”  He clucked his tongue.  “
“Oh, yeah.  They’re all
“Rude,” Crowley retorted.  His shoes clicked quietly on the smooth floors.  “I wasn’t all that pleased you’d dared to steal from me.  I
and trying to force his crude cousin on a nice man.  Funny how things worked.  And by funny, he meant terrible.
to trust me.”  His smile twisted into something sad and painful.  “And that trust was assuredly broken by these two men.”
to transform but without a full moon, he was stuck as a human.  The lack of transformation only seemed to enrage him further.
.”  He hurried on, adding, “
I wasn’t what you had in mind.  So I . . . said the first thing that came to me.”
He considered calling down to the front desk for items but knew if he did, it’d raise more than eyebrows.  He sighed and dug through his bag, pulling out two pair of handcuffs.  He locked one set another Dean’s wrists and the other around the chain in the middle.  That one, he set against the bed’s post.
“Like I said,” Dean rasped, “fucking stupid.”
He found Dean at the back of the store, fiddling with the James Bartlett display.  Castiel halted, barely a hand’s breadth from Dean and commented, “Perhaps a more minute display of his books?”
Dean’s lunch shifted in his stomach and he was
Nothing.  No sudden opening of the door.  Begging of forgiveness.  Just abject silence from the house behind him.
Rolling his neck, he winced when the tendons popped.  “Yeah, fine.”  This entire conversation had gotten him
Another, shuddering breath.  ”Or he gives the order to the guys watching Sam to shoot.”
was the one who’d fucked up; not Castiel.  He wanted to say as much but for the first time, the words failed him and he merely swallowed, staring sightlessly ahead.
what a homophobic upbringing felt like.  But even then, Dean hadn’t blown his boyfriends off like they were nothing.  He’d play the part of “just a bro” but never ignored them.  Show disdain.
Castiel shucked off his apron, slapping the garment down on his counter.  He didn’t have any day workers on Wednesdays and given this was his store, he was fully in his rights to close up suddenly.  He scribbled a hasty note and plastered it to the front door.
Castiel followed his direction and chuckled.  “I haven’t seen one of those in years,” he admitted.  He focused on Dean.  “It is a tradition, you know,” he added in a soft voice.  He tugged on his black, leather gloves and sighed.  “I admit, one of my favorites.”
Dean took a breath and spilled.
Castiel surged into his lap, swallowing Dean’s surprised grunt as he kissed him desperately.  “Yes!  Of course, it is!”  Dean’s skin was warm and wet underneath him and he squirmed happily.  He moaned into Dean’s mouth, trying to speak all the things that he regretted and needed and wanted, yelping when Dean rolled him over again.
better than anything, he worried how the man would take it.  Or if Castiel would brush it off as the abuse he’d suffered under Michael and Alistair.
Dean's got a crush on a local jogger.  He's not exactly suave about it.
At the end of the train station, he spotted Commuter Angel, holding a newspaper in his hand.  Dean’s heart did its weird little butterfly flutter it always did when he spied the guy.  He almost spun on his heel and bolted back home.  Instead, he cleared his throat and threw back his shoulders,
Castiel dropped his gaze to the middle of Dean’s chest, trying not to focus on the play of muscle under thin, dark fabric.  “He was alone for a long time, Dean.  Hard to think you’re not the problem when that happens.”
Or primed for flight.  Dean looked tense and unhappy, fingers plucking at the seams of the car seat.  Defeated.
right now.  Before he threw something.  Or said something.
“You . . . you
to.”  The couch creaked as he leaned over Dean, fishing in the drawer of the end table.  He grunted when he grabbed the small bottle of lotion.
you.”
?” Castiel asked.  He cocked his head to the left, watching Dean.
dancing in his head.
He clicked on the bedside lamp and flopped on the bed.  Digging into his drawer, he pulled out lube and squirted a generous amount on his hand before grabbing himself.  He sighed shakily at the sudden surge of pleasure.  Mouth slack, he rolled his eyes up, imagining it Castiel’s hand.  Those slender fingers tugging on his cock.  Pressing against the vein.  He gripped the sheets in his free hand, rocking his hips as he stroked harder.
very much implied in his tone.  ”
Shutting off his car, he dug out his phone and searched the web, looking for the bookstore’s number.  He found it and dialed, feeling his heart pound as he did.
Brow furrowed, Castiel shook his head wildly.  “Of course not!  I’m only
Lifting a brow, Castiel reached over and patted the cub’s head, earning a purring, popping yowl as it plunked itself down and rolled onto its side.
He shivered, rubbing his arms, the chill nothing like the cold morning air.  Castiel rehashed their aborted conversation, his mood sinking.
“Oh, like,” he leaned in, nipping Castiel’s earlobe, “more of that kiss?”  He slid a hand around to the inside of Castiel’s thigh, squeezing possessively.  “I’m pretty good at more than that,” he teased.
Castiel swallowed, mesmerized by slick skin.  His gaze flicked up to Dean’s and he was surprised to see the same want and need echoed in the dark green.  “You are a pain in my side,” he rasped.
So, for a week, he ran through Michael’s words.  Remembered the truth of them, the hollow reality of how he’d barely ever managed to follow Michael’s instructions.  How terrible a sub he’d been.  Never giving enough over to him.
”  He took another sip and shook his head.  “However, you are my beloved cousin.  So, though I will regret this, I agree.”
The older man choked on his coffee, sputtering.  “I . . . what?”  He scowled at Castiel and set his mug down, muttering at the splashes of coffee on his jeans.  “Care to explain?”
there won’t be a
Well, there it was.  Dean nodded once and pushed up from his chair, not meeting Castiel’s eyes.  Michael was right.  He was
Castiel smiled, reaching into the car to brush his fingertips along Dean’s wrist.  “I don’t think it’s out of line at all.”  On the contrary.  More time with Dean had managed to become his number one goal since the night before.
“Agent Novak,” Balthazar called, a bit too loudly, “we’re having trouble with the door lock here.  Wait by the van.”
Of course.  This was a joke to Dean.  He’d probably played up that whole … whatever it was in the car.  Annoyed and embarrassed, Castiel stood, wiping his jeans.  He dug out the key to the cuffs and unlocked them, throwing both items in the back of the car.  He couldn’t look at Dean, though.  Would just see that same smug amusement most likely.
Sam’s eyes widened.  “Uh, sure.  Sure, you bet.”
Startled by the answer, Castiel blurted, “Would you be interested in joining me for dinner?  A-as a welcome to town.  N-nothing special, really.”
“I did a background check on Michael,” he blurted.
“Very good, my pet,” Castiel cooed.  He stroked Dean’s cheek again.  “Call me in the morning.  We’ll talk further, pet.”  He slipped out of the car and headed to his own, not looking back.
?  Pushing at Castiel would be the right path to take.  Wasn’t that what the guy always protested with Dean?  Honesty?  Well, right now, Dean didn’t trust the man across from him much.  And he wanted to.  Maybe.  Hard to tell any longer given how ill he felt.  Fuck, he just wanted this all to
“I’m not going to play games,” he stated.  He noted the sudden tension in Dean’s shoulders.  He was thankful his voice remained even, given how rapidly his heart beat against his ribcage.  “We slept together last night.  I, on the one hand, enjoyed every second.  You, however, seemed to not.”
Brow furrowed, anger flared again in Castiel’s face but it lessened quickly.  Instead, fear stole the color from his face and his eyes turned dull.  The life in them gone so sudden, Dean took a step back in response.
He’d say as much almost every day.  His to do with as he pleased.  Built for
Lines and scenes from John's journal are from the book
Dean chuckled.  “A bit surprised, hm?”
Unaware of his turmoil, the man surprised him by chuckling.  “I suppose it is.  Comes from being a psychology doctorate, I’d hazard to guess.”
“Huh?”
He looked up, glancing at Dean and then Castiel.  Taking in the sight of handcuffs, he set down his pen and leaned back.  “Shall I keep guessing or will you let me in on the fun?”
Gasping for air, Castiel tried to hold on.  Tried to merely savor the pleasure of this man’s love-making but his body had other ideas.  Two more strikes to his prostrate and his body seized, scream lodged in his throat as his cock pumped come onto the couch beneath them.  He squeezed Dean’s cock in response, feeling new heat even through the latex of the condom as the man came.
Dean repeated the kiss from before, this time with more enthusiasm.  He pulled away and smirked.  “Good deal.  Now I don’t have to pay for my food any longer.”
He blinked, staring at the nothing.  A gasp punched from his chest and he swallowed hard.  He jumped when the door creaked open and nearly dropped the coffee Sam thrust into his hand.
A second pair of blues squinted at him.  With an imperious sniff, he stated, “Dean.  I don’t believe you have a say.  Sierra lives here now.”
“Great dinner, Jess.  I’ll catch ya later,” he tossed off, not looking back at his brother as he left the house.  He knew he overreacted.  He had that issue.  Especially with family.  In a way, he thought he knew why.
to mark the window meant Dean knew more about his kind than he’d originally thought.  Though, he didn’t seem threatening.  If anything, the house’s odd aura felt like defense.  Protection.
"How long what?" Castiel asked, leaning on the hostess’ podium, earning a dark look from her in the process.  He was too tired to care, though.  "Dean, you’re not making sense."
“Hm.  Until we are blue in the face,” Castiel retorted, though his lips quirked in amusement.  “Believe me, Dean; you’ll appreciate this.  It may seem tedious but it’s best we speak about such things before one of us does something the other isn’t comfortable with.”
Biting his lip, he reached for the lube and started anew, fingertips resting on the image of the other man's dick as he tugged and yanked his own, coming a second time.  Not as intense as before but not less toe-curling.  He shut off the phone and stood up from the bed.  Legs shaky, he scurried to the bathroom, scrubbing come from his stomach and readying himself for bed.
Dean cupped his cheek, palm warm and dry.  “How could you even think that?”  He took a breath.  “What I said at the store was true.  Your book,
“I didn’t dig into you!” Sam protested.  “Just him.  He’s shady, Dean.
Under the shower’s spray, his dick
Castiel cleared his throat but when he spoke again, there remained a tremor of nervousness, which startled Dean out of his melancholy.  “
Dean purred.  ”
To his surprise, Benny merely shrugged.  “If ya’ll trust Singer, that should be enough.”  He smirked again as Castiel snorted.  “Look, I trained under Singer.  If ya really need assurance, call him.”  He folded his arms.  “I’ll wait.”
Frowning, Castiel shook his head.  “You were far from stupid, Dean.  Alastair took advantage.  Granted, had you not been a thief in the first place,” he began, smiling at Dean’s glare, “this would be a non-issue.  But his interference is not your fault.”
Dean grinned.
”  No, Dean wouldn’t hurt anyone here.  Bruise them, maybe, given his behavior since this morning.  But not injure.  He hoped.
He was saved from an immediate answer by a knock on his door.  Trudging down the hall, he called out, “Who is it?”
Dean had been wearing his shit-eating grin since getting off the phone with Castiel.  James.  No, Castiel fit the man better.  Dean liked it a hell of a lot more, anyway.  Planting that name firmly in his head in regards to the shy, dark-haired man, he sat back in his booth seat, sipping on his beer.
Dean grinned, pausing for a moment to check his ass in the mirror.  Probably a bad sign.  Maybe.  He didn’t actually know if James preferred men but flirting never hurt anyone, right?  Satisfied, he clicked off the bedroom light and headed for the living room, saying, “You’d miss it if I didn’t.”
Well, that made zero sense.  Clearing his throat, Dean kept his eyes on Castiel as he started speaking.  “I mean, I’ve not told the person what I think of them.  They’re kind of . . . fantastic though.”  Castiel seemed to be avoiding Dean’s gaze with purpose at this point.  The man turned and whispered something to his assistant, handing over the controller as he did.
Yes, Dean’s smile that first day had
"You’re an ass."
Dean’s eyes widened, picturing Gabriel and his soulful blue eyes inciting that much irritation with someone.
Both Dean and Castiel turned, staring at Balthazar.  ”
mocked him.
,” the voice barked.  ”
I don’t care what name you go buy – though, I prefer
*flees*
Balthazar pulled out his phone, humming.  ”Not to mention, I have a man on the inside.”
If he helped.
did he like how Castiel thought.  He might have to give this Gabriel a bottle of wine in thanks or something.
He smiled, reaching over to pat the man’s hand.  “I told you, Dean.  I’m not letting you do this alone.”
to explain it
“You should though,” Castiel protested.  Still with the mouth.  And the words.
He parked the Impala and shut her off, patting the steering wheel as the engine popped and pinged.  “Sorry, girl; you’ll get a proper rest soon.”
”  Balthazar sighed and chuckled.  “
Grinning, Dean shrugged.  “I mean, you can
He was still toying with the box in his hands, his mind running over old memories when Castiel returned.  He handed over a soda and hot dog to Dean and sat with a grunt, his own dinner held awkwardly in his hands.
Following Dean’s motions, Castiel clambered from the bed as well.  He approached Dean, noticing him stiffen with defense.  “Maybe it is; you need only see that.”  He stroked the man’s jaw, his heart thundering when Dean leaned into the touch.  “Perhaps you should clean up.  We can talk when you’re more awake.”
He had a Dom, but a Dom who wouldn’t make him sub.  He couldn’t understand it.  What made it all
I want to see you, I’ll call.”
Castiel nodded.  ”Sam.  Yes.  We’re aware of him.  He doesn’t seem to know where you are, though,” he pointed out.
It had been
Woooo!  :D
Castiel wasn’t sure of the choking noise came from him, or Dean.
“Marzipan,” Castiel murmured.  He cleared his throat and set the cake down.  “I stayed up all night making them.  They’re quite a pain.”  He chuckled weak, not looking at Dean.  “As soon as it was ready, I called you and hurried here.”  He looked over then.  “I wanted to make certain I wouldn’t miss you.”
Dean lifted the shotgun, cocking it a second time, aiming at the werewolf’s head.  “Do you know how many of you bitches I’ve put down?”  He grinned, all sour malice.  “Go on; I dare ya.”
was James is really your cousin and I know that your publisher
Shit.  In that blip of a second, it all rushes back.  Sam’s announcement, Dean’s boastful round buys.  And then there’s
Castiel hadn’t moved, still sat forward, his hands clasped loosely together.  “As a Dom, he should have listened to you.  A Dom is nothing without his sub.  And frankly, if he did only what
, he’d do all he could to draw him out.
about that and I’ll –“
, his feverish mind supplied.
He nodded, too fast.  “Oh, yeah.  Fine.  Good.  You?”
toward Castiel.
“Cas, ya’re not s’pposed to care,” he slurred.  He blinked rapidly, wrapping his fingers around Castiel’s wrist.  Eyes sliding shut, he turned his head, lips pressing against Castiel’s palm.  “I miss this skin,” he sighed.  “I’m . . . I’m not s’pposed to . . . but . . . I want to touch you again.”  He breathed out shakily.  “Fuck,” he groaned, “I want you so bad.”
, Castiel had to offer
being
“Too late!”
he decided as he scooped her up wandering into the living room to join Castiel on the couch.  Bad decisions for sure but . . . why did it feel like home the more he made them?
“Christ,” he muttered, rubbing his eyes.  He needed sleep.  For like a week.  He and Sam had just had two nasty hunts back-to-back and then Bobby’s urgent call.  He
He smiled a bit more at that.  “It’s . . . it’s fine.  I’d . . . like it, too.”  Though, he hated himself
He flopped back with a sigh, staring up at the ceiling.  He had dreams like this.  Well, dreams
He couldn’t move, though.  Completely and totally stuck, even with the chill of the rain making him shiver.  Now, Castiel was well aware of his rather . . . awkward day-to-day behavior.  If he could trip on bare flooring, he would.  If there was gum on the sidewalk, he stepped in it.  And now, apparently, he assaulted people with shitty umbrellas.
” he blurted.
As his fingers continued to move, Castiel asked quietly, “Will you take another command from me, my pet?”
Dean was
– behavior.  Still, he’d
Mrs. Havers collected her groceries and turned to Annabelle.  “I’d watch it, though.  He’s got an air about him.  I’m sure he’s a perfectly good mechanic but he seems . . . uninterested?  I spoke to him as he left today and he sure didn’t seem very chatty.”
Dean.  If it managed to get back to Bobby that he was aiding a known criminal to commit crimes, his job would be gone.  Hell, he’d probably be gone.
Second: his lab times had changed and now his once light-and-easy Friday had turned into hell with classes starting at eight in the morning and not ending until five.
for a guy who didn’t even want to touch him.
To his surprise, Dean fell to his knees, his arms wrapping around his waist.  Face buried in Castiel’s midriff, he mumbled, “I . . . I know this’s a dream but . . . I . . . Cas, I
"I see," he murmured, unable to think of anything more to say.
the matter closed when I regained what was mine.”  He chuckled.  “You’re rather dim, even for an American.”
"So there are cures?" Castiel asked, spooning more soup into his mouth.
Mouth open, he rested his cheek on his forearm, letting Dean penetrate him with nothing but his tongue.  His imagination had never prepared him for the pleasure of it.  The way Dean’s hands gripped his ass cheeks.  The burn of stubble against tender skin.  The flash of breath on damp skin.  And that insistent thrust of warm, wet muscle.
So very
Castiel held his breath, nibbling his bottom lip at the sweet touch.  He didn’t know why Sydney feared Dean so much.  A cruel hunter could never touch another being so kindly and thoughtfully.  He’d known Dean for little over a month but he felt safest at that moment.  He leaned in, pressing a kiss to Dean bowed head, scenting his woodsy shampoo.  “Dean?” he whispered.  “Are you certain you’re all right?”
hadn’t he grabbed his sniper rifle?  What a damn fool he’d been.  He’d let Dean walk into an obvious trap without a weapon to defend himself!  Of all the bloody, stupid things he’d done lately.  His side arm wouldn't do much but generate noises and put Dean at further risk.
Castiel opened the door and smiled.  “Evening, Dean.”  He chuckled when Dean darted in, kissing him hard on the mouth.  “My, someone’s eager?”
Bobby glowered, throwing down the manual in his hands.  “I don’t know what crawled up your goddamn ass this week, boy, but you keep moving like that, I’m chaining you down.”  He stood and crossed to Dean’s side, yanking out the torque wrench.  “Go in the office.  Answer calls.  I don’t want to see you until you’ve calmed down.”
He sighed into Castiel’s answering kiss, wrapping one arm around the man’s back.
book?”
“Goddammit,” Dean breathed, digging out his food.  He crammed a fry in his mouth and lifted his eyebrows.  “Well?  Out with it, you damn goon.”
Stiff-legged, Dean did as he was bid, already tense and awaiting his correction.  Maybe Castiel had given him the number because he wasn’t
“Sex addiction clinic,” he retorted, not looking at her.
ever again.”
to make this up to you.”  He looked downward again.  “My words are not enough to sway you, I know that.  Simply tell me what I must do and I’ll do it.”
Dean shook his head.  “No!  I wouldn’t, I swear!”
Frustrated, Dean rubbed his face.  “Then . . . how do I get what I want?” he breathed, not even aware that he’d said the words until he felt Castiel’s warm fingers on his wrist.
And dating.  Oh, he dated all right.  Though, he never attempted pushing things to The Next Level™.  That would often mean trying to figure out if his partner was ready for the same and second-guessing himself every five seconds.  Not stress he really needed or wanted.  No harm in just having fun with a guy or gal now and again.  Keep things strictly no-strings.
Since then, he’d been nearly giddy.  He just hoped Sam would drop it soon.
I do hope this chapter sits well with everyone.  Remember, their relationship is a slow burn and will move not nearly as quickly as some would like, I'm sure.  I do promise sex, however.  Just....not right yet.  :3
’ and then you just . . . you let . . .” Sam gave up, sagging in his seat.  “Dean, you deserve good things, okay?”  He laughed humorlessly.  “I mean, look at how much you’re doing for Jess and I.  It’s not cheap!  Paying for our honeymoon?  The reception hall?  Dean, selfish people don’t do that.”
“Complicated.  Like . . . he’s hiding?”
He froze, blinking.  The other student was looking up now, grinning.  Green eyes.
is all I want you for.”  He frowned slightly.  “Dean, a Dom supplies their sub with what they
“But - if I believed that - couldn’t you just possess another vase?”
Until he remembered the tangle he was in.  He sighed, careful to keep the sound quiet.  “I won’t tell him; I promise.”  He fidgeted, glancing at his watch.  He needed to hurry if he was to secure reservations at seven.  “In any event, I’ll see you at seven?”
Sounding smug, he went on.  “
Something I
he admitted.  With a sigh, he stood and snagged his coat off his chair.  Pushing the door open to his office, he almost ran into Bobby.
“Er, yes?”
To be fair, Dean hadn’t intended to push things this far with Castiel.  Maybe
Not thinking, he blurted, “Are those two men often here?”
Castiel chuckled warmly, his body hard and hot against Dean’s side.  “I see that you like the idea.”  He leaned back, brushing his knuckles against Dean’s jaw.  “It would be my
Wrinkling his nose, Dean shook his head.  “Not that.”  He rolled his eyes, stomping his feet and hoping he didn’t get frostbite over this.  “What’d you take?  E?  Meth?”  He peered at the man.  “You one of those whackjobs who washes his toilet with a toothbrush?”
Dean’s green eyes were worried but he nodded, ducked down behind the open door of the van.  The van itself rocked suddenly, glass shattering and bullets pinging off its metal sides.  Castiel dropped down beside Dean, fully expecting a stray bullet to rip through and take his head off.  He tensed again when a new sound joined the shouts and bullets.  Another car?  From another direction.
. . . signed by some awkward, bespectacled man?”
As Castiel stood in the open doorway, Dean murmured, “Goodnight . . . sir.”
tattoos.  He rolled his eyes as he walked to his car.  Oh, yeah.  Sure.  He’d forget.  Knowing him, he’d start stalking Dean after all this, further worsening his pathetic life.  He wouldn’t be able to go back to being the phantom
Castiel fisted his hand in Dean’s wet shirt and yanked on the man.  “I am
He pushed up from the couch, stomach still buzzing from the man’s words, and shuffled to the door.  He didn’t bother to change, knowing full well this was what Dean had described; merely a dinner to go over the particulars of Balthazar’s – er, Castiel’s – dammit!
The humor on Dean’s smile shifted into wickedness again.  “That’s it.  I like that mouth, Cas.”  He flicked his tongue against Castiel’s bottom lip.  “Give me attitude, baby.  I like it.”
“Fine,” he muttered, already formulating his plan.  It was likely the owner was just some money-grubber who’d fibbed to Gabriel in an effort to draw in business.  Alt-bookstores did serve a rather limited clientele.
Castiel laughed uneasily.  “Oh, yes.  I’ve been a bit . . . out of sorts today.  Apologies.”  He’d known Mr. Wallace ever since he took a mortal form.  The elderly werewolf was nothing like the legends his people spoke of.  The few times he did transform, Castiel often found him dozing in his own garden, nestled among the protection charms until morning.  He had to wonder what it was his people feared in their kind.
Probably the closest to an agreement that he’d get out of the younger man.  Taking another swallow of coffee, Castiel leaned back in his chair.  “So.  Friday.  You have to sneak into where, exactly?”
him.”
you go to his house.  But Cassie’s . . . if he likes you, he’ll do all he can to get away.”  He coughed slightly.  “Cassie and embarrassment are not great friends.”
I lied about who I was because I
fine.  Sounded happy and charming.  But he wouldn’t touch Castiel and when lunch was over, he slipped away quickly, not even offering up a kiss like that morning.
Castiel looped his arm in Dean’s and nodded, still smiling.  “As I thought.  Because of that, I will never tell you what to wear unless you ask me for my opinion.”  He squeezed Dean’s arm as he pulled open the restaurant’s door.  “You are not a doll to me, Dean.  You have opinions and feelings and I intend to respect that.”  He halted again as Dean followed him in.  Dropping his voice, he added, “Only if you are comfortable with public subbing would I ask it of you.  Never feel pressure to behave in a way that you’re uneasy with.”
” Castiel breathed.  “
It couldn’t be his imagination that he read suspicion in those once friendly eyes.  But the look passed and Dean nodded.  “Outskirts.  Old logging road?”
Stroking his jaw, Castiel hushed him softly.  “I’m here, Dean.”  He leaned up, kissing him, tongue teasing those lovely lips.  He smirked a bit when he tasted mint toothpaste rather than the previous night’s poor decisions.  He let his head fall back to the pillow and smiled.  “And I will always be here.”
Back at his room, Dean still slept and he breathed a sigh of relief.  Then got to work, clipping away Dean’s ruined shirt and exposing the wounds.  He worked for nearly a half hour, cleaning the wound, careful to keep the bloody water from dripping onto the bed.  As he began covering the lesser of the two wounds, he jumped at the whine of pain.
Startled, Castiel blurted, “You kissed me last night.”
said signing.  Which really only put him right back to square one with Gabriel, doomed to start the whole damn thing over again with another bookstore owner.
He really didn’t want to read into their interactions – after all, he’d likely be disappointed – but, unless he wanted to label himself blind as well as foolish, it was clear that Dean was interested in him.  He’d even mentioned how he preferred Castiel to Balthazar.  Well, preferred
“It’s . . . not much to tell, really,” he mumbled.  He licked his lips again, trying to beat back the urge to chew on them.  “He was a friend of my dad’s.  He used to watch over me and my brother when Dad would go on benders.  Took us in when Dad died.”  He sat back, sinking into his chair, his hand loosening against the arm rest.  “Helped me and Sam out,” he finished.  There was a great deal more to that story but Castiel likely didn’t need or want to hear all the dirty secrets.  All it would do is color his already poor perception of Dean, most likely.
“Huh,” Dean grunted.  He still didn’t look pleased.  “Why are you in my bed?”
The younger of the two sighed in disappointment.  “Kind of my thought, too,” she admitted, as she collected her change.  “He didn’t really give me a second look.  He’s really sweet, though.  Helped me with a flat tire at no charge.”  She tugged her canvas grocery tote over one shoulder.  “Seems real sad, too.  Hope he likes it here.”
I know, I'm slow in my updating.  But I assure ya'll, nothing is abandoned.  Everything that is up and in process will be finished at some point.  :D
Castiel slugged Alastair in the jaw, falling back with a yelp when the man bucked him off.  He lost hold of Benny’s gun, the weapon sliding over hardwood under a table nearby.  He flailed when a hand gripped his hair.  As Alastair dragged him across the floor, he clawed at the man’s wrist, his legs tangled underneath him as he struggled to gain footing.
Ignoring the flare of pain in his head, Castiel jerked to left, hard, mouth open.  He snagged two of Alastair’s fingers, biting down.  Alastair howled in pain and Castiel spit out blood and flesh.  He gagged, scrambling to his feet, wiping at his mouth.  “You dare … to touch him again … I’ll
damn thing to happen to him all year.
to.  He wanted to be truthful, for once.  He liked Dean.  Far too much, likely.  But if Dean truly wanted
Dean blinked and sipped from his coffee as the elevator opened on the first floor.  Striding out, he mused, “You really
But not of Grovelock.  He didn’t recognize this man at all but he felt the
Four:  some
Blushing, Castiel murmured a faint ‘thank you.’  “But, Dean, I’m no one special.  James Is really the one you should spend this time with.”  Much as it killed him to admit.  To think, if he’d only had the courage to stay as
he’d met was the real Castiel.  Both Gabriel and Balthazar hinted that to be the case but Dean couldn’t be sure.  Not when he’d had the briefest of exposure to the man.
The drive to the garage was suffocatingly silent.
Castiel had done it.  Call him gun-shy but it wasn’t an event he could simply brush off.  He couldn’t go down a road like that again.  To have all that bliss and pleasure only to have it soured by something outside his control.  No,
(See the end of the chapter for
"Guess what?  I
but let me in once in a while, all right?”
Dean’s eyes widened, startled out of their passion-fueled haze before softening again.  He kissed Castiel then, mouthing his thanks silently, his hands sliding under Castiel’s back.  Pulling out as slow as he’d pushed in, Dean surged forward with a grunt, rocking them both atop the bed.  Castiel howled in pleasure, his thighs tightening against Dean’s sides as the man began thrusting fast and hard.
Laughing, Dean shook his head.  ”None, dork.  The salt and the carbs can help when your stomach’s all fucked up.  Plus, they’re good in soup.”  He pointed to said soup and stated, “You’d better eat all that.  And then drink your tea.”
Castiel perked up at that.  He honestly hadn’t considered the idea of Dean being gay.  He’d been friendly enough in his shop.  Certainly not as standoffish as Mrs. Havers made him seem.  He took a step closer, pretending to examine the small bags of single-serving chips as he tried to hear the rest of the conversation.
The werewolf’s hatred hit him like a physical blow and he flinched, squinting up at the creature.  Teeth bared, it hissed, “I’ll tear you apart; feed on you.  No one will care!  You’re a hunter!  You deserve to die!”
Dean wasn’t happy about this.  At all.  It wasn’t fear he carried but a sense of despair.  The dark that ate at him as Sydney had hinted.  The bravado he unleased was nothing more than a cover; Castiel was certain of it.  He wanted this past of his gone!  That had to be it!
behind it?”
and instead of introducing yourself as
The sharpness returned.  “
"Man, I wouldn’t have come here if you were going to be all Dr. Lecter on me," Dean protested.
Strangely, Dean seemed surprised by the response.  Like before, the look passed quickly and he nodded.  “Awesome.  You got a grill?”
,” he went on, voice warm and eager, “
“C’mon, Dean.  You haven’t been the same since Michael.  You just . . . you’re kind of disappearing on me,” he muttered.
”  He cleared his throat.  “
~~*~~
Dean got more than one odd look from the firemen for his loopy grin but at that point, he couldn’t drum up enough fucks to care.
Castiel shut his eyes, his hands shaking as he continued to clench them.  “Because . . . I feared him knowing
The other man must be Crowley, then.  What had Dean been thinking?
Trailing after Castiel like a lost pup.  Making lame jokes and watching them fall flat.  Grinning and winking and earning little more than a confused squint in return.
was pretty stuck on you.”
be together.  Give the guy the chance to explain everything.  But Dean was too far gone on the guy, apparently.
Pretty Voice chuckles and pats Dean on the shoulder.  "At this moment, I doubt you could, ah,
The man scowled at Castiel again.  “You managed to break the goddamn contract.  You aren’t supposed to give the damn thing away.”
Dean glanced at Gabriel, surprised to see his eyes wide and face pale.  Clearing his throat, he pulled his hand away and shrugged, taking a step closer to Gabriel.  “Sort of.”
He halted, finding Castiel barefoot on the pavement next to him, concern in the dark eyes.  “Er, yeah?”
Dean . . .
He slapped his arms over his chest, shuddering at the brisk wind and wondering if it was possible to have his balls hibernate somewhere in his esophagus.  His neighbors were clustered at the end of the drive, and hoping to
“You suck at lying, Cas,” Dean chided.
Green eyes shifted to him.  “No, because you fucked me over.”
“Well?  Don’t keep us in suspense,” she cooed.
Dean’s grin softened, becoming sweet and gentle.  “Yeah.  I . . . hid my bisexuality for years.  I felt for Tyler.  I knew what it was like to lie about who you were.  To be afraid.”  He met Castiel’s gaze.  “He never needed to hide.  Or be someone he wasn’t.  Tyler is . . . amazing as Tyler.  Any guy would be over the moon to have him.”
All righty, going forward, the updates will be slower.  :D  I just had a good run at the moment of writing nervous!Dean and kind!Cas.  :D  Again, don't hesitate to call me out if I write something in wrong.  Dean/Azazel and Dean/Michael were not good D/s relationships because they were uneven.  I'm intending to show that Cas/Dean is a good one in that they both give and take.  ;3
“Hmm.”  Castiel placed a hand on Dean’s arm, guiding him around toward the station’s exit.  “And perhaps, if we’re both up for it, we’ll find out just how
his sex life was relegated to pages in a book.  Standing before him was a gorgeous brunet with dark-framed glasses, a white button-up under a charcoal waistcoat and – good
“When one is wounded,” Castiel murmured, the tip of his tongue dragging slow against the longest of the marks, “it is often best to replace the fear and injury with . . . a more pleasant experience.”  He tugged on Dean’s arm, drawing him closer.
Swallowing, Castiel bit out, “Because you would have killed me the first night I visited your cabin.”
Two wounds, once that grazed his upper arm and the other, nicking a chunk out of his shoulder.  But nothing fatal.
bad, right?”
Half-asleep, Dean marveled at Castiel’s actions.  There was nothing inherently sexual about what he did.  He didn’t suck on Dean’s fingers lewdly.  Didn’t force Dean’s hand against his dick.  He did nothing but massage skin gently.  Sweet caresses.  Genuine affection.  The concern and care Castiel always showed him, now all the more visceral.
Castiel took it and headed to the kitchen, dumping it out into the sink.
”  He clucked his tongue.  “
Dean glanced up at him and then away.  “Look, Cas . . . I know . . .” he sighed, dropping his arms.  “I kissed you for a reason, all right?  But . . . I . . . figured it was better if I split so you wouldn’t have to worry about it.”  He looked down, shifting from foot to foot.  “Bobby tried to get me to stay but . . . just figured I’d need to stay away.”
he thought with more than a little affection.  Snickering, he settled back, hoping he hid well the sudden thundering of his heart at the former angel’s words.
He stirred the soup on the stove, staring at it as the pale broth began to bubble.  That clawed at him, really.  He wasn’t stupid; some of that decision had to be because of Dean himself.  Castiel had given up eternity to spend it with a couple of hell-bound idiots.  Probably more so because of
Castiel shrugged.  “The decorations, yes.  The rest?”  Another lift of his shoulders.  “Time passes rather quickly when you’re tired.”
repeat those mistakes.  He would not let Dean think he was better off alone, hidden behind barriers.
had a lover bothered to rim him.  He rocked into Dean’s grip, the man’s tongue jabbing at his vulnerable body.  God, it felt
Castiel’s knees almost gave out at the question.  “God,
Groaning, Castiel covered his face.  “What do you want?” he whined.  A better office?  More vacation?  Jesus.  Humiliating him wasn’t worth that, was it?
Frowning, Castiel flipped to the front of the journal’s diary entries.  They began in 1983.  A fire.  From what the author wrote, Dean had been four, Sam just an infant.  Their mother, murdered by some creature, pinned to the ceiling.  The man who wrote the entries wrote little but what was there screamed desperation.  A palpable, almost insane sense of hunger.
the kindness Castiel put into their dates.  His soft words and sly smile.  All of it just left Dean
Sam stabbed at his salad.  “Yeah.  Fine.  You’re going to say that shit to me and stew about some dumb thing or another instead of talking to me.”  He shook his head, glaring as he crunched a crouton.  “One of these days, Dean, you need to let someone in.  Stop shoving us all away.”
His final entry said little, dated just after their break up.
would contact Castiel.  And once again, completely unlike Michael, Castiel had listened.  Guilt weighed down in his chest and Dean rubbed his nose.
Dean didn’t answer immediately.  When he did, his voice dripped with lusty humor.  ”Damn, I should’ve introduced myself sooner.”
Castiel blinked awake slowly, his body aching.  He found Dean craning his neck over his shoulder, staring at Castiel him strangely.  More than once, he glanced down at himself before turning his accusatory eye back on Castiel.
when necessary.”  And winked.
”  A pause.  “
“Cassie?”
You feel . . . better than . . . I imagined.”  He reached back with one hand and gripped Castiel’s wrist, short nails biting in.  “H-harder.  Come on!  I . . . want to
, he was fairly certain he could persuade the other man.  No better bribe than expensive Italian and top-quality bar drinks.
“That wasn’t what I asked, Dean,” Castiel reminded him.  Not angry.  Concerned.  “Where are
A grin toyed at Dean’s mouth but he only nodded.
” his hands resting loose on Castiel’s hips.  Grinning, Castiel stroked him slow and steady, pleased at the way Dean shuddered under his fingers.  He leaned forward on his knees, careful to keep the pace and with his other hand, began working his body open.  His abdomen quivered violently as he struggled to keep upright but he wasn’t about to stop his motions.
The heavy responsibility laid on a young boy’s shoulders.  Watch out for Sammy.  Protect Sammy.  Forget home.  Remember what you’ve seen.  Castiel felt sick, reading through these memories Dean had lived.  To know that
against him.  “Naw, thank
She grinned and returned the gesture.  “Done slaving over a stove.  I thought you taught your brother how to cook?”  She winked at Sam.  “He’s absolutely useless in a kitchen.”
Finally.  They could finish this nightmare and Castiel could go back to dealing with Dean’s stupid, immature taunts.  He watched Dean follow Benny and rubbed his forehead.  Yes, the taunts were so much better than this stupid one-sided attraction he carried.
Fingers clenched in dirt, he opened his eyes slowly when it fell silent.  The werewolf’s chest heaved violently as he stood in front of Dean.  The man himself had barely moved, still held the gun up.  But even from a distance, Castiel could sense a change in the air.
it might be.  He sighed again, glaring at the small screens in front of him, cup resting against his lips.  It didn’t take long for the perpetrator to show up.  Clad in dark clothing and carrying a small case that Castiel knew to be full of high-end electronics and every other
Well, that pretty much tore it.  Dean had to see him as a Grade A idiot by this point.  If he didn’t, the man was damn blind.  He’d been so absurd.  And then . . . he’d
Castiel looked up in surprise, finding the stranger smiling at him.  “Oh!  Castiel.”
Blushing, Dean shrugged.  Yeah, his nerves were definitely all over the place after Sam’s little trick.  He shoved it down though and said, “Heh, sorry.  Got carried away.”  He slid off his jacket, handing to Castiel to hang on the rack.
Castiel’s knees weakened and he dropped his hands to Dean’s shoulders, leaning against him as he panted.  He shivered when Dean tucked his fingers into the waistband of his briefs, tugging them off and down far quicker than he expected.  He was naked now.  Completely nude.  Vulnerable.
“Did you like the movie?” Castiel asked.
?  Confused, Dean let go of the garment, frowning at Castiel.  “But . . . I mean, don’t you . . . want that?”
Though far from sober, Dean swallowed, guilt flooding his green eyes.  “Cas . . . I . . . I couldn’t . . .”
“And here I thought my day would be boring,” he mused.
to this.  In his dreams, Dean usually pinned him but in naughtier ways.  Certainly not in ways that led to drool drying on his stomach.  He scrunched his nose and pushed at Dean again, finding him about as movable as a rock at the moment.
Maybe a bit depressing if he bothered to dig into it but Dean had a pretty damn good life.  He didn’t try to over-reach.  Didn’t try to envy others.  Tried to enjoy what he had and what he could get.  Didn’t mean he didn’t
Cas really is awesome.  Cas is
He looked up in confusion.
To set things right
”  Castiel sighed.  “
To his surprise, Dean stared down at his feet, blushing brightly.  Castiel jerked his head up when Balthazar chuckled.
Rubbing his face to hide the tremor in his fingers, Dean sighed.  “Goddammit, Sam,” he muttered.  “I’m fine, all right?  Seriously.  I’m fine.”  Sam had other things to worry about.  Not his idiot brother.  He had a wedding to take care of, a wife-to-be, probably children.  A success through and through.  No reason to get distracted by his brother’s dumb decisions.
(See the end of the chapter for
He never knew how the American had managed to climb so high in the ranks of international police but he was thankful for the man’s rough honesty.  He would do anything for Bobby and likely Assistant Director Singer knew it.  He was also the only one in Interpol who believed Castiel could bring Dean in on his own; something he was very adamant about.  Not that he was opposed to sharing a collar with anyone but … well … it was Dean.  Dean was
He didn’t even
Dismayed, Castiel sighed.  “Dean, you have every right to be angry with me.  I would be, too, were I in your place.  But please, Dean.  I will do
“Wait, Cas –“
Unfortunately for him, Gabriel caught on and five minutes before Dean was set to show at his truck, his older brother would ask innocently, “Shouldn’t you be getting Boy Toy’s food ready?”  Thankfully, no one had ever heard his brother’s remarks but it didn’t stop Castiel’s face from flushing red and or prevent him from inevitably dropping whatever happened to be in his hands.
Hey, betcha thought I'd forgotten about this?  :D  Nothing's abandoned, I'll say that again and again.  I'm just going to be taking my time updating.  I was getting overwhelmed and losing my general interest in writing by pushing for constant updates a while ago.  I apologize for the length of time between updates but in the end, it's for the best; I swear.
to make amends with his people, instead taking the opportunity he’d been granted and finding a
“And now,” he rasped, “we’re even.”  He didn’t even feel the floor hit his head this time.
Castiel knew that the longer the day went the more he pushed his luck.  At this point, he was actively
Castiel grinned faintly.  “Of course, sir.”  He hung up the call and scrolled through his phone, setting off the GPS.  He didn’t know how well it would reach out of the rock around him but give he’d been able to call out, he stood a good chance.  He tucked the phone away and reached for his gun, belatedly realizing Dean had stolen it.
Home at last, he sighed as he stared at his dark house.  He was getting too old to keep coming home alone.  Maybe he'd take up Sam's offer of getting set up on a date with a coworker.  Had to be better than making up stupid scenarios to try and meet a guy who probably couldn't pick him out of a crowd.  Well, at least it was Friday.  Meant Dean could drink a beer or nine and crash early.  Rain poured down as he shoved open the door to the Impala.  He swore loudly when a gust of icy wind blasted his face and he blinked, momentarily blinded by driving water.  He stumbled, barely hearing a shout of alarm before something heavy crashed into him as he rounded the back of the car.
Castiel followed Dean in his car and Dean spent the entire drive clutching the steering wheel and breathing fast and hard.  What the hell was wrong with him?  It was just a rinky-dink house.  Nothing like Castiel’s but still just a home.  Why the
“You’re a demon,” he stated, for clarity.
Shifting from foot to foot and wringing his hands, Castiel blurted, “He’s really pretty and I said something stupid and now you need to be me.”
it.  That feeling of possession.  Of being bound.  Hadn’t felt it in a long time, though.  Not after it had become a punishment.  A way to remind him his place.  His gaze landed on a set of red-and-black cuffs and Castiel chuckled.
home among these outcasts.
Things changed very little in the two weeks following the drive-in.  Well, not
He took a deep breath.  “Where will you go?”
Jesus, you two are
“You c-can, you know,” Dean pushed.
man.  How was that possible?  He shoved the gear stick into park, leaning back, staring up at the roof, the rain drumming fast and loud.  In all the time he’d been with Dean, he’d never seen him cruel.  Or cold.  Not until he’d confronted him in the auto shop.  Until he’d seen him react to the werewolf who’d stalked him.
His phone was in his hand before he could register it and Castiel’s voice came over the line.
Glaring, Dean followed him in.  “Damn right I do,” he barked.
“Why?”
but never
”  He flipped pages.  “After a while, I felt like his damn PR firm so I started taking names.  I have like two hundred signatures of people who want to meet him.”  He shrugged.  “Might not be John Grisham numbers but he has a following.”
He might die from the onslaught.  Dean’s presence alone threatened to unravel him.  Coupled with the man’s damn near sinful touches and Castiel’s cock was already half-hard, straining against his slacks.
Castiel made a high-pitched noise before letting his head fall forward.  How was he to explain the issue without
Not listening, Castiel began straightening up the kitchen, scraping old food in the garbage and cleaning stains and God knew what else from glasses and plates.  More than once, Dean tried to yank a plate from his hand but he merely turned and glared.  Eventually, Dean gave up, moving away and slumping off to the living room.
He looked good.  Then again, he always looked good.  Seeing him, though, didn’t make Dean weak like he’d feared.  Instead, his nerves ratcheted up and he scowled at Castiel, noting how the man went stiff in reaction.  “Well?  Sit,” he snapped.
"Am not," Dean protested.  Yep, there went the blush.  Goddammit.  He spun around, facing the counter, pulling a can of chicken soup toward him and rummaging through the drawers for a can opener.  "He’s sick and being a whiny baby about it.  Keeping him in his room keeps him out of my hair."
He wanted to throttle the thief.  He’d come close to capturing the other man three years ago.  To the point of having the bastard in handcuffs.  He should have known that it had been too quick and clean.  And Dean had been so goddamn at ease sitting in his office.
Dean chuckled again, shaking his head.  “Naw, I’m
~~*~~
Dean clucked his tongue as he trotted to the small desk, digging into the top drawer.  A few seconds of searching and he made a noise of triumph.  A condom and a bottle of lube; Castiel immediately ignored what that meant in the day-to-day.  “See, it pays to be prepared.  But, before you freak out, I don’t bring people back here as a rule.”
“Well, if you’re all right with it.”  The seat squeaked and Dean kissed him on the cheek.  “Get out of my car and get to work, Cas,” he grinned.  When Castiel complied, he added, “That deli on the corner.  Meet me there at noon.”  He didn’t wait for an answer but sped off, the Impala rumbling in the morning air.
Confused, Castiel asked, “Dean?  Is something wrong?”
in his life remained uncomplicated these days.  He wondered if he’d go prematurely gray following this case.  ”So, our only recourse at the moment is this theft?”
“Oh, he was in cuffs.  He’s just . . . very good at getting away,” Bobby stated.  He shrugged.  “Interpol is willing to forgive his past transgressions given his help in collaring Crowley.  So really, he’s a free man right now.”  He scowled.  “Long as he doesn’t start pulling this shit again.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Which would likely mean leaving Castiel completely behind.  Maybe BDSM altogether.  At this point, he couldn’t deny that he had the shittiest luck these days with Doms.  Maybe that sort of life hadn’t been meant for him.  But fuck!  Even now, remembering that first night of commands, the way his body had unraveled simply
“‘cause you’re there.  All these bastards?  They zero in on
If that happened with Castiel, Dean’s brain might implode.  He still felt for certain
For a moment, Dean’s gaze took on that hard-edged suspicion he’d glimpsed in the hardware store but it softened quickly.  “Sure.  Sounds good.”  He shifted his bag again, looking at the watch on his wrist.  “Say, six?  Or, you know, whatever works.”
Holding out his hand, Dean muttered, “Stand here.”  When Castiel only looked at his palm in confusion, Dean waved it.  “Feet.  Down.  On.  Hand.”  He smirked.  “Twit.”
You wish me to grace your store with my presence?”
Thank god it was too cold for him to get an embarrassing stiffie.  Besides, he could barely feel his dick at this point.
The comment made no sense.  Castiel frowned, his fright lessening.  What on earth did he mean by that?  Mind spinning, he couldn’t formulate a clear enough thought.  Though it all swirled around him, confusing and frightening, he was almost certain he heard true sorrow in that man’s voice.  Dismay, regret, and a thousand other things that cut and wounded Castiel’s fairy soul.  And that terrible, spine-shaking urge to pull Dean to him.  Make it all disappear.
Face reddening, he gulped and stammered, “I s-see no reason you should risk your life over …
Smitten.  One hundred percent smitten with one Dean Jefferson.  The pleasure soured some as he recalled his antics as a fairy.  And the assumptions of Dean being a hunter.  He swallowed, chewing on the side of his thumb.
Swallowing his own nervousness, Castiel gave Balthazar the rundown on Dean’s issue.  More than once, he’d had to snarl at the man to shut up and eventually, Dean hunched down in his chair, stewing.  Castiel knew that telling Balthazar this entire scenario would likely piss the younger man off or make him run; frankly, he had little choice.  Balthazar knew London and he knew its threats.  He’d be an asset.
Sydney licked the last of the cherry from his fingers and eyed him.  “Castiel?  Are you okay?”
The phone rested atop the hostess’ stand and he lifted it, speaking softly, “This is Castiel?”
You acted like I didn’t mean a fucking thing to you!”  Dean leaned away, jaw clenched.  “Don’t fucking dare tell me this isn’t my concern.”
Pam tittered and inclined her head.  “Well, folks, you heard it here first.  Our stunning bachelor Dean is finally taken.”  Again the exaggerated pout.  “I’d best hear wedding bells soon!”  She followed up with her usual sign off and the red recording light clicked off.
Still grumbling, Castiel marched them both to the house immediately adjacent and without waiting for approval or confirmation, shoved open the front door.  Thank God he immediately saw a family photo of Dean and Sam.  He’d hate to explain himself to surprised homeowners.  When Dean opened his mouth to make a smart joke, Castiel growled and nearly launched him through the door, barely pausing to shut it before yanking at his own clothes, suddenly annoyed that they even existed.  “I swear,” he muttered, “if you’re not great at sex, I’ll have to wonder why you have such a mouth on you.”
~~~*~~~
as charming as I’ve always been.”  With his free hand, he made a finger gun and shut one eye.  “You’re just
Realizing what Castiel implied, Dean licked his lips.  “Yes, sir,” he answered.  It was with more than a bit of relief that he recognized the commanding tone of his Dom.  The anxiety that had been returning faded to the back of his head, like a headache about to burst.  He was safe in his home, with someone who
The small talk they’d missed out on the night before turned into Castiel’s revelation of being an only child but that he’d amassed a startling array of surrogate family members, such as Anna who worked for him.  He’d experienced being a sub once in his life, in college (much like Dean) but had preferred the other end of the spectrum.  To the point that both he and Anna traded monthly classes for instruction of Doms.
Dean sat up a little straighter and shifted over.  ”Sit.  You look like crap.”  He patted the grass beside him.  When Castiel didn’t move, he snickered.  ”I don’t bite.”  A wicked grin.  ”Unless you ask me nicely.”
Sam chuckled.  “
The man had the most intense green eyes he’d ever seen.  The hood of his raincoat had fallen back after Castiel’s unfortunate assault and his light brown hair very quickly flattened against his head.  It left the man looking youthful and thankfully, given the continuing grin, amused.  The lifted eyebrow indicated some question of response from Castiel yet, he couldn’t cease staring.
being harangued by his fugitive.  Though, the rather darkly amused portion of his somewhat sleep-deprived mind did find it fascinating Dean was so incensed.  Couldn’t being to understand
order to call.  However, he hadn’t bothered to check when an appropriate time might be.  Or if he was to use the private number.  Or maybe the work number.  So, he paced and rearranged tools, went over appointments, then repeated everything.  Twice.
Dean flinched and rose, wiping his hand on a rag.  He turned around, face blank.  “Actually, I’m a pretty damn good one,” he retorted.  He pointed toward the door.  “I’ve got customers so you should probably head out.”
feel a bit giddy about care-taking at the moment.  Castiel couldn’t zap this cold away any longer.  He needed tending.  He’d probably be grumpy and whiny the entire time, but frankly, Dean didn’t give a shit.  Grumpy and whiny usually also meant
Castiel smiled weakly.  “Apologies.  James is . . . eccentric but he’ll be no trouble, I assure you.  He needs nothing special.”
Taking a deep breath, Dean finally shed his shirt and then lay carefully on the couch, face turned toward the tv.  “You don’t need to,” he pointed out as Castiel straddled him on the couch.
Dean sighed dramatically and straightened up, folding his arms across his chest.  ”Guess that means you’d better learn how to make soup, Cas.”
Wondering if he should just forgive and forget.  Or end it completely.  Finding no word that could convey his own confusion in all this, he snapped his mouth shut and moved on, slipping out of Castiel’s office.
Staring in startled confusion, Dean shook his head.  “What?  Wh-why’d you ask that?”
That rang a bit too close to truth in Dean’s ears.  He waved a hand.  “Nah, I bet it’s because all his past flings have been with shitty guys.  You know, jerks who leave him unsatisfied?”  He watched Castiel closely, noting he’d fallen still.  “He needs that
That was what a sub was for though, right?  Use.  He was supposed to be
grin.  The grin that haunted him and made him hard and made him annoyed and made him lust.
’  He told me to grow up and if I dared to bring it into the house, I was on my ass.”  He trembled.  “I was
“Shit,” Dean muttered.  Christ, no wonder the guy was such a hermit.
(See the end of the chapter for
Eyes shut, Castiel wriggled, grinning when Dean swore.  “Do not . . . be angry . . . if I do the same,” he retorted, his mind growing dizzy under Dean’s touch and weight.  Unlike their first night together, he sensed no hesitation in Dean.  Just ferocious lust.  It burned in his fingers, in his stuttered breathing.  Castiel’s own passion surged, his cock throbbing as he shifted minutely against Dean.
Over the Impala’s roof, Castiel murmured, “It shows, Dean,” before he ducked down and slipped inside.
him how desperate he was for that.
Dean chuckled, patting Castiel’s leg.  ”Easy there, Cas.  Just makes you cuter.”
“Would you prefer it be a
Whiskey!
He snorted.
Eyelids fluttering, Castiel bit his tongue, trying not to purr.  “T-true,” he admitted.  “But n-not always.”  This was far different than their first night.  Dean was
After a week of trying – and failing – to find the perfect gift for his no-longer-a-bachelor brother, Dean gave up and decided to go his normal prankster route.  What better place to do so than a sex shop?  He hadn’t been inside one for a good long while.  He still had a few toys he’d use now and again but the racier stuff he’d left behind when he’d left Michael.  Still, didn’t mean he couldn’t annoy Sam with some tasteless, embarrassing gift tonight for his bachelor party.
You only like
“Eh?”
Even so, Dean felt his gut warm and his dick lift when those soft words came over the line.  The idea that, even though it wasn’t necessary but Castiel
now simmering in his blood, he asked, “Do you live in town, Dean?”
supposed to be, was something so goddamn erotic it was all he could do not to bust through his jeans.
of his bedroom!”  He groaned.  “Oh, my God,” he mumbled into his hands, almost too quiet to hear, “someone staple my mouth shut.”
“But you all hide here,” he pointed out.  “You all live here for a reason.”
Wasting little more time, he marched up to Dean, startling the man.  Kissing him hard, he grunted, “On the bed.  Now.  On your knees.”  He swallowed shakily as he watched Dean spin on his heel, his naked ass damn near glowing as he headed to the back of the house.
Benny didn’t answer.  Annoyed, Castiel repeated the question, his fingers tightening on the leather interior of the car.
with me?  Is that a relationship then?  Lying to me and getting rid of me when I’m inconvenient?”
“Wait.”  Castiel rose from his chair, coming to Dean’s side, one cool hand resting against his wrist.  He peered into Dean’s eyes, the worry as clear as the week before.  “Dean, do you think I’m reprimanding you?”
Still flush against Dean, he frowned.  “I don’t understand.  How is that nerdy?  It’s the correct term.”
“Wh-what makes you say that?”
snapped out . . .
Dean bowed his head, staring at his feet.  “Yup.  Years of this shit, I can damn near smell it.”  After a moment, he husked, “Told you, Cas; I’m a fucking great liar.”  A shaky breath and Dean pleaded, “You should go, Cas.  Please.”
As he slipped under the covers, he realized the anxiety he’d been dreading all day was nowhere to be found.  He felt sated and satisfied, his body loose and warm as though he’d just been fucked.  He didn’t dwell on the idea long before he drifted off, sinking into darkness.
Castiel, strangely, followed, kneeling beside him, still holding his unbuckled wrist.  The concern hadn’t faded; if anything, it’d only increased.  ”Dean.  Please.  I hadn’t intended to harm you.”  He sighed, rubbing Dean’s wrist gently.  ”Forgive me.  I overstepped.  Please, wait here.”
“When you kept ignoring me,” Balthazar replied.  He leaned over Castiel, reading the email.  He smirked.  “Seems Gabe and I are of the same mind.  I think this is just what you need, Cassie.”  Balthazar squeezed Castiel’s shoulder.  “Get you out of the house, for one thing.”
spilling in its wake.  He stiffened and dug deeper, eyes wide as he watched a man pound his way up the road, chest heaving and teeth bared.
“However,” Balthazar began, holding up a finger, “should this all fall apart, you will
had surged through his head like a hot knife, leaving him hard and feeling even more foolish.
Dean cleared his throat.  “Okay, I’ll admit, when I figured out you were lying, I was pissed.”  Castiel flinched when Dean touched the hand still on the doorknob.  “My brother’s intern knows Gabe.  He told me about him and it didn’t match you.  At all.”  He coughed again.  “So, I called the number and Gabe admitted who you really are.”
Surprising.  “That matters?”  He watched Castiel, the angel’s gaze locked on Sam as he moved through the diner.  Dean followed the look and was immediately struck by how tried Sam looked, hunched over the counter.  He wasn’t the only one worn out.  Yet another reason he wouldn’t let Sam drive.  At least
“I see,” he murmured.  He let go of Sydney and sighed.  Try as he might, he couldn’t forget Dean.  Or his feelings toward the man.  Frankly, he didn’t
"The hell she does!” Dean barked.  A cougar.  A
A moment after opening it, even from the limited viewpoint, Dean could see the other man’s entire demeanor shift.  Back straightened.  Hands rigid.  All humor fled his expression and the warmth of his eyes chilled.  He glanced once at Dean before beckoning the other man in.  “What a surprise, Father.”
“So, dart or not,” he explained, scraping the last of the sauce from his plate, “seems this ain’t too bad a town to retire to.”
But . . . he
hit him with his car.  Or maybe simply murder him
Aaaaaand . . . a couple awkward sentences but I really don't care.  *shrugs*
He sat down, taking a forkful and sighing in pleasure.  “I must admit, I make a fine cake.”
are you a tool to me, Dean.”
Again, the patient smile.  “If I’m to be your Dom, you must trust me.  You must speak up whenever you’re uncomfortable.  Whenever you’re happy.  I need to know the good and the bad.  If I do anything to hurt you, even if it’s nothing more than a careless word, you need to say something.”
He pulled out his gun, checking the bullets.  If he survived this escapade with his job and life intact, he was retiring to a village in Antarctica.
Castiel sat on the edge of the end table, cradling his thimble cup, legs folded.  Truthfully, fairies could get sick but it wasn’t
Castiel coughed into his mug, looking away quickly, his face afire.  Figuring his work finished for the night, he hastily grabbed his work, stuffing them into his shoulderbag.  By the time he’d gathered everything, both officers were gone and he tiptoed to the front counter, depositing his half-filled mug.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean watched him from the corner of his eye, not replying.  Most of the spirits they dealt with had attachment issues.  Whatever name they went by, they couldn’t leave.
Still unsettled, Dean ordered the first thing his gaze landed on; a heavy dish of lasagna.  He wanted to correct himself as it looked like one of the spendier dishes but the waiter had already turned away, heading off to bring a bottle of wine that Castiel had requested.
He smiled weakly at Dean’s grin.
Everyone expected sex in a relationship.  Fact of life, and all that.  So why did Castiel keep avoiding it?  That part Dean couldn’t get his head around.  His assurances that it was for Dean’s benefit only confused him more.  Granted, they weren’t a
“Do … are you talking about the vase?”
He looked up, expecting a sneer or a glare, surprised instead to see shock on Castiel’s face.
had been his undoing.  His king had condemned him then, had him beaten and left to die on their front porch.  He’d not even
Unsettled by the plea in the man’s voice, Dean played with his pencil, staring at Castiel.  What could he do?  Dammit, Dean had no idea at this point.  Truth be told, he wanted to be with Castiel
Barriers up, Dean scoffed.  “Let you in?  After this stunt?”  He recognized hurt in Sam’s eyes but like the fool he often proved to be, Dean railroaded forward.  “You’re lucky I’m even still talking to you, Sammy.”
He shook his head.  “A week or so ago.  Just after, um . . .” he waved vaguely.  Castiel had told Sydney on one of his recent visits of the breakup, though he was surprised Dean had hired the vampire so quickly after spitting vitriol about being a hunter.  All the more reason to fight against Dean’s supposed desire for solitude.
Well on his way to frustrated, he threw himself into his work, focusing on a restoration of a Model A.  The longer he spent under the car, the less time he had to worry about what he was to Castiel.  How . . . useless he was as a sub.  How fucked up the whole thing really was.  Cars were so simple to read.  If anything went wrong, there was a way to fix it.  If not, the damn thing hit the junkyard.  But people were harder.  No blueprint existed to clue a person in.  All just . . . trial and error.
He eyed his cousin, half-amused.  “Mortification?”
Ah.  He’d heard the name but never had interacted with the director.  Probably a shortcoming on his part.  Castiel nodded, waving a hand for the man to come closer.  His debriefing, probably.  Great.  Insult to injury.  Or something like that.  Who cared; his side hurt and he wanted to punch someone.  Preferably Dean.
Dean swallowed and shrugged.  “Uh . . .” his mind blanked and he said the first thing that came to mind.  “Cuffs?”  Immediately, he wished he hadn’t said it.  But, it wasn’t like they would be for him.  Sam.  To embarrass the fuck out of Sam.
Sydney was young.  In terms of vampires, anyway.  Maybe a decade turned?  He’d fled his sire’s abuse, taking haven here with the two sister vampires, Ashanti and Miam.  That had been less than six months ago.  Surely, Sydney’s fear had led him to this.
Amused, Castiel reached up and took his hand away.  “Dean, I can think of no better way to start something
Dirt exploded in front of the werewolf’s feet and the sound cracked through the air, overpowering the continued rainfall.  Trembling, the blast echoing painfully in his ears, Castiel stared up at Dean, wide-eyed.
He could hear Dean ask the same.  He held still, waiting for the answer.
to me.”  Why would Dean deny it?  Did he think Castiel would reject him?  He’d been thrilled by Dean’s passion the night before.  By his touch and his body.  Why would he want less than that?
He whimpered into the kiss, clinging to Dean.  God, how long had he waited for that?  How desperately had he wished to have a man want him this much?  He returned Dean’s kiss with fervor, eyes shut as he sank into the sensation.  Just hands on his skin.  Dean’s tongue in his mouth.  The heat of the man’s body
A flash and the man was now in the passenger seat, still scowling.  Castiel yelped and pressed against the door though the stranger remained staring resolutely out the window, jaw clenched.
Castiel blushed.  ”Oh.  Yes.  Doctorate.”
But, it still rankled that Dean had bolted.  He’d left nothing new in Castiel’s hotel room.  Nothing in his hospital room.  Just . . . nothing.  He’d almost have thought something else had happened to the man if it weren’t for Singer’s assurances.  So, Dean hadn’t even bothered to say goodbye.  Or taunt him.  Or acknowledge their kisses.
“All right,” he whispered, defeated.
"Wha?"  Shit, maybe going to Balthazar was the wrong idea.  He felt his stomach twist.  "What have you done, Balthazar?"
to you.”
He turned, careful to keep his face blank, even while his heart continued its riotous pounding.
”  He stepped forward, closing the distance between them.  “I want to work with
Weirder and weirder.  “He wasn’t . . . abusive or anything, right?”  He tried to put the dark-haired, blue-eyed man that he met in that light and it was nearly impossible.  Gabriel had been shy and twitchy.  Certainly not so expressive.  More and more, it sounded like the poor bastard had had a stroke.
Castiel waited until Dean was out of earshot before whimpering and covering his face with his hands.  What had he just done?  His house was a mess.  And he was bound to say something stupid or incriminating.  He curled his hand into a fist and pressed the edge of it to his forehead, wondering if he carried any kind of time travel ability.
Rain drummed against his naked back and he began singing, almost by accident.  He felt most at home in the rain.  His clan had always had a strong affinity toward water; it was why they had settled in this particular area of Oregon so many hundreds of years ago.  He spun and danced in the rain that fell, losing track of time.  He’d wandered off course, nearly blundering into the borders of his king’s lands.
They halted when they landed on Castiel.  And that easy grin sharpened and grew dark.
Dean could feel his cheeks warm at the direct look Castiel gave him.  He shrugged and turned away, rubbing his neck.  ”If I wanted the actual number, yeah.  But I was just checkin’ to make sure you weren’t burnin' up.”  He focused on the kitchen cabinets, trying to ignore the continued staring he could
He glanced to his right, spying the notebook he’d stolen.  It looked so innocuous.  Just faded leather and loose bits of paper that slipped over the edges.  It could have been an artist’s journal or a list of recipes.  Anything but the
“Does it matter?” he remarked.  “You’re helping me get there; after that, you don’t really need to worry, right?”
Castiel flinched.  “Um, nothing.  I didn’t say that.”
"You damn well better, Cas," Dean purred.
It wasn’t his imagination that he heard
James reached out and patted his wrist, stroking it.  “Like you, perhaps?”
Which clearly called for shots and a bottle of spendy champagne.  And several other liquid refreshments.  And possibly half the bar’s tap line.  But, seriously.  He’s going to be an uncle, Sam’s going to be a dad.  If he didn’t throw an insane impromptu celebration at his favorite watering hole, he’s a failure as a big brother.  So if he wakes up wanting to die, it’s worth it to celebrate the newest Winchester.  At this point, he could be hit by a bus and it would barely break his stride.
That was the other odd thing.  Castiel had that warm, bright home in town but had insisted on moving to Dean’s drafty cabin, even after he’d pointed out that it sat on the border of his king’s land.  That had to be dangerous for Castiel.  Not that he’d ever go into depth on it.
They returned to Dean’s office after Dean flipped the “
His cousin pursed his lips and muttered, “I need a drink,” before turning and heading into the house.  After a moment, Castiel followed, shutting the door behind him.
leave.  He let his eyes face forward again.  “Yeah, can’t imagine there’s anything in this world worth ripping shit apart for.”
was actually
FLUFF.  ALL THE FLUFF.  THIS FIC WILL PUKE BUNNIES.  Anyway, I was going to hold off on posting this for a bit but I feel it's needed.  This is a major Dean lovefest.  As the title suggests, he retires somewhere quiet to forget his life of darkness and blood.  And maybe gets a bit of fairy booty on top of it.  :D
“Careful,” he cautioned as he took a seat.  “I don’t need to clean up fairy puke.”  He frowned.  “Can you guys puke?”
and – God forbid – Dean learned of it, he’d never trust him.  Ever.
“Can we move on?” Crowley asked, clearly annoyed.  “I’m quite tired of dealing with this man and would like to get back to business as usual.”
He leaned against the aged wood of the hallway, arms folded as he listened to Castiel sing.  If there were words, they weren’t any that Dean could understand.  But
A few hours later, Castiel woke up cautiously, half-expecting to find Dean leaving again.  Instead, the man slept on beside him, one hand clutching his atop Dean’s naked chest.  He smiled at the sight, his heart warming.
, Dean had been expected to kill.  It didn’t matter that it was a supernatural creature.  His father expected him to take the life of another.  He swallowed, wondering how it was possible that a man exposed to such horror so soon in his life could still smile so broadly.  Could still touch him so gently.
Castiel was into him.  Dean might not be a genius when it came to human behavior but he’d seen the looks.  The cute, dazed expressions.  This whole fiasco as a result of it, wasn’t it?  But now, seeing Castiel’s fear, he had to wonder.
is safe.”
“Just . . . just like that?” he asked, stunned.
He looked pointedly at Castiel then, pleased to see stunned bewilderment on the man’s face.  Castiel pointed to himself slowly, eyebrows raised.  When Dean nodded, he dropped his hand and continued to stare, frozen in place.
Castiel’s wasn’t huge but it was a decent length; thick and ruddy.  He salivated at the idea of having that on his tongue.  Of feeling its blunt head strike the back of his throat.  He whimpered then, shutting his eyes and pressing his head into the pillow.  That prick would feel great in his ass, he was sure of it.  That thickness would fill him.  Just the right size.  He’d strike Dean’s prostrate perfectly, drive him mad with lust.
I mean . . . I’m
Dean drew back a bit, confused.  “What, you don’t remember what you took?”
That wasn’t so terrible, was it?
in not being himself.  Maybe, he could even use his guise as Gabriel to get to know Dean.  He shied away from the complications that could result but was it really so bad to want to get to know a man who ran an alt-bookstore?  Someone who liked his stories for the
“Does that mean
customers but had had to hire Gabriel almost immediately given the demand.  In the morning, sleep-deprived work zombies would grab their coffee and sugary confection and by lunchtime, they returned, devouring sandwiches and soup.
Castiel’s fork chittered gently against the place as he set it down.  He gripped Dean’s wrist.  “I betrayed your trust, Dean.  That you are giving me this chance is more than I deserve.”  He rubbed his thumb along the back of Dean’s hand.  “You are very important to me, Dean.”  He let go and drew his hand back.  “I think, perhaps, I didn’t realize that until you walked out of my home that night.”
familiar.  The light went on in his head and he frowned.  “Did you just quote my book at me?”
Castiel shook his head.  “I don't mind.”  He shuffled the cards, tapping them against the counter to line them up.  Ignoring the
most comfortable in that role?”
Dean frowns.  “I think you said
he was about to vomit.  Because here it was.  The great send off.  The ‘
Then he met his brother’s coworker, Castiel.
at flirting.  He’d have the guy’s head spinning in no time.  Dean always closed the deal.
Dean gripped the inside of his thigh, squeezing hard, imagining it Castiel’s hand on his cock.  He shut his eyes tight, horrified and turned on.  Fuck, what a
”  He smirked.  “Now, I ask again:  Would you like some?”
“Well, I mean, the guy’s crazy smart.  Tall.
Huffing, Castiel gave him the rundown, leaving out Benny and Balthazar and their joint subterfuge.  Bobby might figure it out on his own but Castiel wasn’t going to reveal it himself.  He leaned against cold concrete, resting his head against it gingerly.  The movies always made getting hit in the head seem like something a person could just shake off.  Castiel felt like his head was going to explode and he hadn’t yet stopped seeing dual Bennys in front of him.
"Hey," he murmured, voice deep and velvet.
what I wanted from you?”  He worked at Dean quickly, panting, adding a third finger.  He couldn’t take much more.  He needed to be inside this man.
Castiel turned and glared at Dean.  Frustrated, he blurted, “Why are you sitting here?  For the last four years,
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean enjoyed his job.  He might be nothing more than a talking head but it was decent hours and damn good pay.  Besides, fluff pieces about local pet shows or stupid shit like why a grocery store might change its colors made for entertainment in some fashion.  And really, his co-hosts were like family at this stage.  Or too much like family, to be frank.
At the age of eight –
Castiel’s eyes were painfully wide but the kiss was …
He slid into his car and turned the key, screaming when a deep voice grumbled, “The hell, man?”
“But I could have –“
“Thanks, Gabe,” Dean replied, hanging up with the publisher.  He dialed the new number and received a light British-accented, “Yes?” for his trouble.
That earned another grunt and a tighter grip.
“Furthermore,” he went on, his voice softening, “you should know something of me.”  He looked at Dean, smiling calmly.  Inside, he wanted to screech and run, knowing he couldn’t take this back the moment he let it out.  “I’m a fairy, Dean.”  He expected Dean to panic or deny it.  Some argument to erupt.  What he didn’t expect was the twisted smile the man gave him.
Castiel stiffened, making certain to keep his eyes forward.  He didn’t want proof that he’d messed up.  He’d
He smiled faintly, the action vanishing as soon as a second man stepped into view.  He didn’t recognize him.  Tall and thin.  Patchy facial hair.  Balding head.  Threatening, though, given how Dean seemed even more tense, even given the distance between them.
when he wrote what was essentially his private sex fantasies starring faceless strangers.
Dean’s arm slid down Castiel’s back, his hand settling at Castiel’s lower back, enticingly warm even through damn cloth.  “So far, Cas, you’ve made some damn interesting noises.”  He watched Castiel from the corner of his eye.  “Wanna find out what other ones you can make?”
He rose from his chair and followed Balthazar to the door.  “Fine.  I’ll go and meet this Dean whatever-the-hell,” he promised.  Win-something.  Ridiculously long name.  Sounded like a surname he might have used in one of his books.  He made a mental note to use something similar in the future.  If he was correct, it
Another sip.  “Why do you want so desperately to be punished, Dean?”  His voice remained quiet, not loud enough to be overheard.  “Are you aroused by it?”
Castiel tilted his head.  ”Why touch my forehead like that?  Isn’t there an apparatus that should be used to measure my internal temperature?”
Kevin, however, didn’t seem to notice.  “
The clerk made a face and shrugged.  “Yeah, probably.  I’ve been in touch with his publisher, though.  Guy seems like he’s willing to get him out here.”  He shifted the books, facing them neatly.  “Don’t know why he hides; guy writes some
Shoving down his stupid, idiotic crush, he turned to both men, eyes narrow.  “We have a job to do, yes?  The sooner it’s over, the better.”  And for a brief second, he thought he saw Dean flinch but the man was grinning again, all confidence and brash ego.  Lovely.
Sam looked startled but went gamely on.  “Look, it’d been bothering me after you broke up with him.  I mean, it was clear he wasn’t good for you and you are
Blushing from wine and Dean’s grin, Castiel mused, “I’d like that.”  He set his glass down and toyed with his fingers.  “So.  From your comment, I take it you didn’t really intend to end up here in Grovelock?”
Do his duty.
men, he began to look at James’ stories in a different light.  Hot, for sure, but the characters were so real and engaging, he often found himself skipping over the dirtier scenes just to get to the plot.
– a sleeve of dark stenciling along his right forearm.  The
He had Bobby to thank for that.  The call had come in just after they’d finished offing a poltergeist that had infested a rare book room.  Dean had nearly ignored the call given how tired he was but a sixth sense had prompted him to answer.  Thank fuck he had.  It was rare that Bobby sent an SOS when on a hunt with Rufus.  Which meant they’d barely waved goodbye to the bookseller before they were on the road again.
By day’s end, he was less disturbed and
with him. He’d felt used and cheap.  Unclean.  In the beginning, it had been about shared power.  Delight and pleasure.  But over time, it had all soured into something he’d been ashamed of.  He didn’t want that again.  He wanted to submit, he did.  But he wanted to submit to someone who’d be just as eager to take him apart.  Turn him inside out.
“Good.”  Dean turned Castiel around, one arm slung over his shoulder.  He ducked under Castiel’s umbrella and murmured, “I think you owe me dinner for . . . endangering my virility,” he purred in Castiel’s ear.
love making’s all about.”  He tightened his grip on Castiel’s ass, smirking at the squawk that fell.  “You’ll see,” he whispered, sucking on Castiel’s ear lobe.  “You’re gonna know the real thing, real soon.”
most?  “R-really?” he asked.
There were a couple times where he
Oh, this.  Dean had one with Azazel and Michael.  Both men were indiscriminate of when they’d pay attention, though.  For the first time, he felt that Castiel
Pulse rapid and echoing in his ears, Dean rasped, “Why don’t you want it destroyed?”  The urge to lean into Castiel’s hand had been so savage, Dean had nearly caved.  But instead, like so many times before, he resisted, even as he thought he saw an echo of want in familiar blue.
Dean’s breath left in a pop of air and he blurted, “I should have called earlier; I’m sorry!”  His hand clenched spastically atop the arm of his chair and he jiggled his foot, waiting for the agreement.  He’d always been told to contact Michael at 10:05 every morning if he hadn’t spent the night with the man.  To the minute.  For all of Castiel’s assurances, he
direction.”
“Pffft.  Liar.”  She settled more on his desk, kicking her legs out.  “How’d you meet him?”
before a bullet whizzed past his head.  He dove for the floor, coming up and firing, hearing a bullet hit flesh before he was up and running.  He tackled Alastair to the floor, driving him away from where he had hovered over Dean.
of enjoying someone else’s delight.”  He smiled.  “Dean, I’m a Dom because I enjoy the control I take.  I also take immense pleasure and satisfaction in encouraging my sub’s arousal.  Why would I force discomfort on you for my own needs if it wasn’t something you enjoyed?”  He was frowning again, but clearly not at Dean; seemingly more for the situation.  “Was this a common technique of theirs?  To take what they wanted whether or not it was freely given?”
The file sat heavy on his stomach and Castiel just sighed, nodding.  “Okay.  Let’s get it over with.”
of Balthazar.”  Between his exhaustion and the sheer ridiculousness of the idea, he fell into a fit of giggles, clutching the podium as his entire body shook with merriment.  Of all people.  Balthazar?  The man was amusing and attractive but slick.  Very much not Castiel’s type.
Castiel brushed more dirt away, eyes wide with delight.  “My god,” he breathed.  “This … this -”
Remembering the savage crack of the man’s neck, he tried not to take satisfaction in that.  “Uh, yes.”
"I got this … I got a brother, okay?"
“You feeling okay?” Sam prodded again, as he backed the car out.
Hunched over and shuddering, Dean stood farther away, next to the other end unit renter.  The guy looked like he’d been wide awake the entire time.  Dressed in jeans and a sweatshirt, sipping a mug of tea that looked
“Pushy little shit, aren’t you?”  He crouched down, bringing himself eye level to Castiel.  “Ain’t much to tell.  I’m . . . retired.  Okay?  If this used to be your stomping grounds, tough shit.  They’re mine now.”
to be
knew who or what he was.  Well, the citizens of Grovelock appeared to know he was a hunter, or at least suspected.  But no one confronted him.  They were content to leave well enough alone, something Dean could appreciate.  He could slip away into obscurity, remembered by no one and forgotten by everyone.
”  He paused.  “
bad?” Dean asked, offering up a wry grin.
“Of course.”  Castiel looked equal parts tired and elated.  “Perhaps we should head to my home.  I can throw something together for a late lunch?”
Special people got that prize.  He rubs his face, yawning.  What was he saying?  He’s feeling awfully heavy now and just wants to crash.
He avoided looking at Dean and let go of his book before beckoning Dean to follow him.  They crossed to the back of the store, Castiel’s steps quiet in comparison to Dean’s frustrated tread.  Dean flicked on the light in Castiel’s office and turned, arms folded.  Castiel spared him a glance then, unsure as before, and closed the door to his office.
Castiel glanced over his shoulder.  “Anna will be here any minute.  Perhaps another time?”
, but not
God, what he would have
to arrest the man wasn’t quite accurate.  As annoying and deceptive as Dean was, he managed to be relatively entertaining.  And the notes, while clearly meant a distraction, were something that Castiel had come to enjoy as well.  It might even be fair to admit he’d
“…no?”
Castiel arched an eyebrow at the outburst.  “Clearly,” he retorted.
Dean nodded, grinning.  He leaned forward, hands clasped and chewed on his lip slightly, almost snickering when he caught the sudden intake of breath.  Kink number one hit, clearly.  He worked his lip a few seconds more before answering, amused at how Castiel couldn’t seem to stop watching the action.
” he cooed.  “
do it!  He looked up, finding those bright, bright green eyes and . . . folded like a cheap deck chair.  “It’s about the signing!” he squeaked out.
“How can you say that?” Dean snapped, his fingers scraping the steering wheel.
he heard about a second after.
“Oh.  Cas.  Hey.”  He looked away, fiddling with a tool on the car’s engine.  “What’s up?”
“Darling, you’re writing sex.  There isn’t much to change,” he pointed out, raising an eyebrow.  “Or are you wishing to branch elsewhere?”
to be tamed by the quiet bookkeeper he’s been sent to arrest.”  He winked, this time at Gabriel, and sipped from his wine.  “Just a thought.”
of their conversation the next day.  Considering how he barely managed not to evacuate his entire body into Dean’s toilet, probably for the best.
”  The vile memory crawled along his shoulders like an icy snake.  There’d been more than that.  More words hissed and dark looks.  He almost preferred the physical violence to that insidious abuse.  Hiding it from little Sammy had been difficult.  But no reason for Sam to hate their dad; it was Dean’s fault, after all.
Since making his choice last night, Castiel felt the first stirring of doubt.  Dean would deny himself pleasure.  Love.  Comfort.  He’d turn Castiel away if he thought it a good decision.  And there would be little Castiel could do to stop it.
He couldn’t.  He couldn’t show up and then be his awkward self.  It’d destroy his so-called image.  James Bartlett was a sultry gay man.  Quick with words and fantastic at writing intensely erotic scenes.  Utterly charming in what few interviews he granted.  (Easy to respond wittily when the reporter wasn’t staring one in the face.)
The detective inspector rolled his eyes.  ”Oh, bloody hell.  Must I spell it out for you?”  He held up one hand, folding a finger down.  ”One.  We will arrive in town as scheduled.”  Two fingers.  ”Two.  As we arrange the transfer on some loose idea of a theft you’ve committed last year, my stalwart inside man will arrive with gang in tow, attacking the station.”  He sighed.  ”It’s a small one and frankly, one day, it will happen; I’m just thankful it’ll be under
Dean quirked an eyebrow.
I'M SORRY.  MAYBE.  A LITTLE.
In his mortal form once more, he spent his Sunday doing as he’d planned: refreshing his garden charms and digging through his recipes for a pasta dish.  Again, he found himself entertaining the idea of surprising Dean with a home-cooked meal but he dashed the idea with a flush of warm skin and muttered nonsense.  No, that was a bit
He kissed Jess on the cheek when she came out of the kitchen.  “How’s my soon-to-be-sister-in-law?”
The delightful laughter made Dean grin.  “Nerd, am I?”  Castiel snickered.  “There may be something to that.”  He eyed Dean carefully.  “But perhaps you understand why I claim to know what I’m talking about, hm?”
Dean shut his eyes and licked his lips.  Words were easy.  He could say these words.  Even though it terrified him to do so, his voice rough and shaky, he managed, “Stay with me?”
Castiel smiled.  ”Your brother came with me after you called.  Sam is driving it back to the house, and then he’ll head home.  Your
Rubbing his ear, Dean scowled.  ”You’re making a mistake,” he muttered.
Dean shrugged.  ”Yeah, so what.  Colds are seasonal, anyway.”  He winced.  ”Well, more than seasonal.  They’re just kind of annoying.  So, even if we hadn’t done that, Sam and I will eventually get a cold.”
If only he would.  Dean’s cock ached and he spread his legs as much as he could on the narrow couch, hoping to get the point across.  He wanted it.  Wanted it so fucking bad at this point.  He wondered how Castiel moved.  Was it hard and violent?  Or would he slide into Dean with slow, measured thrusts?  Send Dean into spasms of pleasure with rolling hips.  Would he tug on Dean’s dick or would he let him beg in agony as pleasure swirled with pain?
It was official.  Castiel had been born cursed.  It was the only explanation he had for the shit storm that had been his day.
Or make a total fool of himself.
Who could say at this point?  Certainly not Castiel.  Not when he maintained the annoying radio silence.
“Dean?” she asked, voice soft.
It wasn’t as though he’d intended it.  In fact, it’d been the furthest thing from his mind.  Dean liked to think he’d learned a few things about the human condition and a lot of it boiled down to
“Oh, my God; you are such a
word but speaking can . . .” he trailed off, looking down.  “I haven’t nearly the same confidence,” he admitted.
“Come to think of it,” Castiel murmured, “I believe that I, too, am overdue for a laundry run.”  He glanced up at Dean and away.  “Perhaps tonight I should remedy that.”
stepped outside his shop, the keys dangling from his fingers before the sky opened up.  Swearing, he locked the door with haste and fumbled with his umbrella.  It was one of those newer models where the button on the handle was
hot."  He peers at the man.  Something familiar.  Maybe?  Eh, everything's all fuzzy and weird.  Just as long as it's not Sam.  If it's Sam, Dean's going to become a priest in the morning.
A predatory, lustful gleam darkened Castiel’s eyes.  “No, you
He tried to smile but gave up.  “Uh, hi?”  Clapping a hand over his face, he groaned.  “Sorry.  I don’t . . . sorry.”
He parked the Impala on the street and stared at the cheerily lit home.  It would be foolish for him to grow attached to this place, even with Castiel’s comments.  Because, as soon as Dean demanded more, Castiel would likely cut ties.  He’d see Dean as a lost cause.  Not worth the effort.  Not when he kept bringing up the same thing, again and again.
"Now, get out of that one, ass," he muttered, after rinsing his hands of blood and grabbing his coat.  He hurried to the corner drug store, buying up gauze and ointments as well as a sewing kit.  He knew enough about field surgery to do something for Dean.  He’d still need a doctor and soon.  He’d have to put his ear to the ground and see if he couldn’t find one who’d keep silent.
Oh, Jason.  Castiel’s dream companion.  Sweet and gentle.  A fierce lover.  Devoted.  Smart and talented.  “J-jason would have been envious of you.”  He swallowed, losing his nerve.
Castiel chuckled and shook his head.  He squatted down again, setting aside his mug.  “Your hands are like ice.”  He tugged on one of Dean’s hands, covering it with both of his and rubbed it briskly.  He smiled at Dean.  “Least I can do for being such a poor neighbor.”
Castiel smiled.  “Not so crudely; but yes.”  He lifted his hand, hesitant.  Taking Dean’s silence as acceptance, he brushed his fingers through the man’s soft hair.  “I’ve missed you,” he breathed.
to eject the mechanism out and up.  But, knowing Castiel’s luck, the damn thing taunted him while cold rainwater dripped down his coat collar.
to say them left an impression on Dean.  After four weeks, he felt he knew Castiel fairly well.  The man was quirky but genuine.  He didn’t think Castiel did it to placate Dean.  By now, he almost believed Castiel did it because he
actually listen to me.  That’s better than I’d ever get before,” he admitted.
“If it’s so ‘very easy,’ why don’t you do it?”  Balthazar smirked at him, picking up his mug again.  “Just signing some books, remember?”
She glanced at Dean quizzically but nodded, turning back to her task.
Weakened, Castiel’s mouth slackened, letting go of Dean’s sweat-dampened flesh.  He shivered, body wracked by tremors, purring at each burst of renewed pleasure.  He felt drowsy and calm, nuzzling into Dean’s warm body, even as the man slipped out of him with a soft hiss.  He thought he rolled to the side – or maybe Dean rolled them – the blankets wrapping around him soft and cool.  Something wet slipped over his ass and cock and he mewled, too sensitive for the rough fabric.
Not to be ignored, Castiel returned to the window, beating at it with his tiny hands, even as the glass seemed eager to singe his skin.  Like touching too-hot pavement.  Eventually, Dean returned, throwing the window open again.  Before he could get a question out, Castiel darted past his elbow, fluttering into the cabin.
But Dean was a pro.  He knew how to handle unwelcome advances.  He balled up his desperation and dismay into a wee hard stone that would sit in his gut and fester until it became an ulcer.  And he could be Castiel’s
Dean’s hands flew up, hard and hot on his arms.  Surprisingly, Dean threw him back, hovering over him on the bed.  “Don’t,” he warned.  He trembled like a cornered beast, eyes wide, chest heaving.  “You don’t know what you’re doing, Cas.”
bounty hunter just
“Um, yeah.  I . . . wasn’t very good, though,” he admitted.  He squirmed in his chair, feeling Castiel’s gaze on him.  A disobedient, mouthy sub according to Michael.  He’d deserved the punishment he’d earned and like an asshole, had walked.  He was damn lucky Castiel was even talking to him about this.
They collapsed on the bed, gasping and sweaty.  Castiel rolled off, slipping reluctantly out of Dean as he did.  He stripped off the condom and dropped it on the floor.  “My God,” he breathed, one arm over his forehead.  Had they really held on to that much tension?  He didn’t think he’d be able to move for hours.
“N-no,” he breathed out.  No, he hadn’t.  But Azazel had been irritated with him, angry over how Dean continued to misbehave.  He’d practically thrown Dean at Michael.
“. . . a big plot of land with an old garage?”
Dean swallowed audibly, eyes nearly wild.  “Cas . . . how can you say that?”
Castiel pondered that.  Without Alastair creating trouble for him and his brother, Dean was free in more than one way.  The funds he’d collected over the years could finally go to that plot of land he’d talked about.  Though, Castiel wondered if Dean even knew.  He said as much to Bobby.
he knew it to be.  Jaw firming, he snatched it up.  He should burn it.  Bury it.  Destroy it.  Rid the world of this nasty object that had meant death to so many.  He fumbled with it as he leaned toward the cigarette lighter, the notebook flopping open on the seat beside him.  As the lighter warmed, he looked over, catching the name “
brought back to tonight.”
Relieved, Dean chuckled and put and Castiel to work.  He whipped up a quick stir fry with ground turkey and fresh vegetables he’d picked up the other day.  In less than a half hour, they both headed into the dining room with steaming plates and a beer each.
“Bal might turn your nuts into Christmas ornaments when he hears what you did,” Gabriel commented gleefully.  “Guy’s kind of a creep but Cassie’s his only living relative.”  He laughed then.  “Damn, should get that on film.”
The “silence of the tomb” had never been a more apt description than when Castiel followed Dean and Benny through the tunnels, nearing Crowley’s main building.  Crowley was either paranoid or crafty; Castiel couldn’t be certain.  What he knew of the man, he knew Crowley had his fingers in more than one field of crime.  Mostly gun running.  Tunnels like these would be perfect for such events.
“Oh?”
To his relief, one thing had improved since the drive-in; Castiel touched him more.  Longer touches.  Lingering.  Something Dean was all too eager for.  The other night, it had been all he could do to not chase after Castiel when the man had pulled away and headed into his home.  He’d wanted so much more.  Wanted Castiel to push him to the ground.  Bite his lip.  Use him.  Do
(See the end of the chapter for
had been a lie.  He might just end up walking in on some bored sixty-year-old with a hobby and scaring the shit out of him.
Thankfully, Balthazar laughed, waving a hand.  ”Easy, love.  I was well aware of the fact that your attentions lie … elsewhere.”  He set his spoon down and picked up his wine, finishing off his glass.  ”So.  Is the little man upset with you?”
Castiel’s lips thinned and he nodded once, looking away.  Everything about the man appeared small and feeble now.  A shade of his former self.  In a way, Dean was grateful.   Maybe it meant Castiel did regret what he’d done and wouldn’t do it again.  Or, as he feared, the man was merely a talented actor.
Too much.  Or not enough.  His skin felt tight and loose, burning and cold with each passing moment.  He was eternally grateful for the bracelet he wore, his magic tightly controlled even as Dean did his best to unravel him.  Regardless of the binding, he could see his skin glow faintly, soft and warm, pulsing like his racing heart.
retribution.
Dean smiled wearily.  “Fat lot of good I did.  I just harassed him.”
implied something rare.  Something delicate.  “That’s not me,” he said roughly.
” he muttered.  “
That … what?  Castiel swallowed, his face afire.  Dean
Giving in, Dean scritched her forehead and Sierra squeaked, rolling onto her back and mouthing eagerly at his fingers.  He idly wondered if cat allergies included cougars.
The voice was familiar … and angry.
Castiel held up his hands.  “Please?  At the signing?”  Just a bit of time.  He had to be ready.  Just . . . a few days would do it.  It would only be until Monday.  Just a few days.
“Cas?” he asked, confused.
to contain.
Ah.  Castiel leaned back, sighing.  He glanced toward the lobby front desk but the concierge was otherwise engaged.  He turned to Dean, resting his chin on his hand, elbow propped on the soft leather.  “How did you manage to cross him?”
As sleep slowly receded, he began to recognize the head of light brown hair.  Dean.
In answer, Dean pushed up and away, the heat of his body gone in an instant.  He hovered over Castiel, face and chest flush, eyes dark.  He tilted his head, squinting.  “You’re glowing.”
of me,” he breathed, stunned.  He blinked rapidly, wounded and in awe.  “You fear me.”  He backed away then, trying to comprehend what he’d felt.  What in all the earth did Dean have to fear from him?  He was an outcast fairy.  His magic was little more than parlor tricks given his constant human state.  Lillian had warned him of that.  The longer he wore her charm, the more human he’d become.
Dean well enough.  That shuttling Dean from one school to the next without warning was
Calling Dean
He shivered when Dean leaned over and whispered, “Even better; I hate coffee.”
“Hn.  I am very discriminatory on who gets a discount,” Castiel teased as they neared the bench.
?”  Before he could get anything else out, Gabriel whistled over the line.
“You are an arrogant asshole for someone with such a damn complex,” Castiel remarked.  He smirked somewhat at Dean’s glower.  “I saw the werewolf, Dean.”
“It’s … stunning,” he sighed, happily.  It would be an excellent addition to the museum’s collection.  He’d been working steadily with the Scottish government to unearth national treasures for the sake of history.  Like Balthazar intuited, it was likely nothing more than a bauble.  Still, it too would join the other odds and ends currently in storage.
that we plan before even a stitch of clothing is removed.”
to the man.  How the
Balthazar shrugged.  “I will take that as a compliment.”  He shooed at Castiel.  “Lunch is on me.  Now, go.  You have a thief to plow.”
An odd head tilt and the man mumbled, “Are you assuming I’m a drug dealer?”
bother him.  Once again, he had to wonder if Dean might know of hunters and their trade.  Or if he was one.  He shivered a bit, suddenly nervous.  Had he done a foolish thing, then?  Inviting a hunter into his home?
”  Gabriel went silent for a bit.  “
He began to shift out of his dirt when he heard another sound.  Footsteps running up the drive.  And
Silence.  Then a wary, “What’d you do?”
Dean stabbed at his tray of food, bowed over his lap.  “‘cause we didn’t have money.  Sam needed money.”  He sighed, a heavy sound.  ”Not like I was doing anything worthwhile.  Found out I had an eye for schematics and had quick fingers.”  He shrugged, twirling noodles on his fork mindlessly.  ”Sam had to go to school.”
Dean followed Sam into the living room, stumbling to a halt when his brother stopped just outside the entryway.  He peered at the other man, surprised to see that Sam looked concerned.  Like a kid about to admit to breaking a window.
Finally catching up to the day’s events, Castiel blurted, “I find you very attractive.”
The man in question straightened a bit more, sucking in a breath as he did.  Giving his head a harsh shake, water flying, he blinked as the rain continued before waving waved toward Castiel, snapping his fingers.  “You good?”  He took his other hand away from his groin and smirked.  “Pretty sure I’m the one who got nailed in the junk.”
He wanted to decline.  He should know how to be a sub and how to be
for nearly a week.  Instead of the aborted gag gift for Sam, he’d opted for an expensive bottle of whiskey, all the while remembering the soft scrape of leather and the hushed words in his ears.  Even that brief moment had been enough to bring back the worst of what Michael had done to him.  He’d leave leather cuffs on him, too tight, for days at a time until his skin rubbed raw.  That night, at Sam’s party, he’d scratched at his wrists, remembering the ache.  Had to excuse himself to the restroom twice, his face pale and damp with sweat.
Castiel did his usual weird hum when he was thinking and sure enough, when Dean glanced over, the guy was squinting at him.
“What do you want from me?” he rasped, giving up.
Before Castiel could reply, his email dinged, thankfully pulling him away from the unfortunately true answer.  Gabriel, his publisher.  Probably wondering how the new book was coming.  He clicked on the email and felt his stomach drop as he read it.
,” he snapped, taking the cup.  “You …
Despite the turmoil around him, he read on:
He swallowed, nodding.  “Okay,” he breathed.
Dean frowned, confused.  This was just . . . weird.  If anything, he’d have thought the roles completely reversed.  Given his seclusion, he’d been fully prepared to find an eccentric, quite, nervous fellow in the place of James.  And shit; Gabriel had come off
He smiled wanly.  “I’m sure that won’t happen.”  He blushed when he realized what he said.  “N-not that it’s my intention!”
Castiel glanced around, surprised at the lowered sun.  “Oh.  Yes, certainly.”  He scrambled from his dig site, clutching the new vase.  “I’ll hand this off to Gabriel.”  He looked around the site, wondering what else they might find.  So far, the majority had been old, pitted weapons, coins, and the occasional pottery shard.  This was the first whole item they’d found.  It would be a stunning centerpiece for the museum.
Dean didn’t know why the
“Sir, yes, sir,” he snapped.
Setting his thimble in the fold of his legs, Castiel trilled in sorrow.  Maybe this explained Dean’s behavior at the deli.  Dean honestly thought so little of himself?  Why?  Did it have to do with this brother he was separated from?  Dean had mentioned being in a bad way.  Maybe . . . addiction?  He’d not pressed, admittedly.  Not a topic for a first date.  But he found it hard to believe someone as kind and charming as Dean could be so filled with doubt.
?  If he was lucky, this was all a terrible dream and he hadn’t even left his house yet.
through his food before swallowing his mouthful.  He coughed slightly and turned to James, his hand clenched atop his own napkin.  “A-are you all right with that agreement, James?” he asked, his voice thready.
Castiel squeaked but didn’t move.  The man . . . oh,
He coughed and rubbed his neck.
For a graduate student, on the last leg of his doctorate, Castiel had developed something of a habit in terms of studying and preparation of papers.  It usually amounted to holing himself up in his apartment, in boxers and a tshirt with a gallon of coffee on hand and his entire assignment spread around him like a paper tornado.
Panting, chest heaving, Castiel hardly noticed when a third finger slid inside.  He whimpered, shifting back, trying to take more.  God, he felt empty.  He needed more than Dean’s clever fingers.  They worked his tight skin artfully but he
"I would, a thousand times over, relinquish all that I was to remain at your side, Dean.  I will
Dean said nothing, only laid him back down on the bed, reaching over to the old nightstand, the drawer rattling open under his fingers.  He pulled out a tube of lube and immediately squeezed some of its contents into his hand.  He rubbed his palms together before turning his attention back to Castiel.
Moving gently, Dean pulled out and lowered Castiel’s legs to the bed, dropping a warm, sweet kiss to the inside of each calf as he did.  He grinned almost shyly as he wiped Castiel off with the edge of the quilt.  Falling to his side on the bed, he reached out hesitantly to stroke Castiel’s chest.  Chirping, Castiel rolled over quickly, wrapping his arms around Dean and nuzzling into him.
Shortly after leaving Michael behind, what few dates Dean had gone on had been little more than anonymous sex.  Straight up fuck-and-run.  No subbing involved.  Just physical pleasure.  Not that he enjoyed it overmuch.  Perfunctory, really.  Even now, he wasn’t all that certain what it was he was chasing after with Castiel.
“His . . . oh.”  Castiel nodded, looking oddly crestfallen.  “Yes, I suppose you’re correct.”  He looked away when a waitress arrived and ordered a gin and tonic in a quiet voice.  “He . . . will enjoy the theatrics, I’m sure.”
“I think it takes a bit more than that, Cassie,” his cousin, Balthazar, pointed out.  He picked up his coffee and murmured, “Bit more buildup, I think.”
on top of everything else.  Took off blathering some excuse.  Almost in defiance of that . . . Dean had . . . kissed him.
“Let you out of what?” Castiel yelped.
how you know him.”
Castiel lifted a brow but obliged him, sitting in the chair across Dean’s desk.  “You’re still angry,” he stated.  He looked toward his lap.  “I’d hoped you could forget all this.  Just . . . let it go.”
Confused, Castiel copied Dean’s motion.  “Well, what?”
know what a hunter is.”
Castiel could learn first-hand what a
– as Gabriel, might I add – are adorable.”  Second finger.  “Three:  Light’s green.”
I might do.”  He paled as the words left his lips and looked away quickly.  “Just . . . drop it.”
He didn’t like these words.  Wanted to chase them away.  But he couldn’t stay awake.  Found it difficult to fight off the dark that encroached.  Trembling, he burrowed into Dean’s embrace, craving solace in the firm grip of the man’s warm arms around his back.
Now they were getting somewhere.  Though, it wouldn’t progress farther than words given Castiel’s track record.  “But you won’t,” he sneered, “because you seem to think I’m broken.”
Faint but there.
you do, but you don’t.”
As if he hadn’t been tortured enough, now there were warm lips on his ballsack as Dean pulled his dick back between his legs.  Somewhat uncomfortable but the thrill of Dean’s lips and tongue on his swollen cock outweighed any discomfort he
Dean shrugged as he drove away from the house, the rumble of the Impala filling the car for a few blocks.  “Not too bad.  Wasn’t very busy.”  This had become another aspect of Castiel he didn’t understand.  His love of small talk.  Dean’s day wasn’t important.  He was here for Castiel; that was really all the guy should have cared about.
Castiel chuckled.  “You’re welcome.”
"  Dean took on a tone akin to that of a petulant toddler.  "
All right.  That was a bit too adorable.  Dean hid the smile and turned his attention back to James, scowling at the leer.  “Uh, anyway.  I know I’ve read your stuff a million times over by now and it’s, uh, great to finally meet you and tell you that.”
"I can’t tell you, Cas.  You’re going to have to let me go, though.  I’m supposed to check in with him ever week.  My deadline’s in a few hours."  He laughed weakly.  "I shouldn’t have come here.  But … this last job was expressly stated.  Had to get those jewels to him.  But then Crowley got me before I could make the drop."  He lifted both hands, rubbing his face.  "I fucked up bad, Cas.  And now Sam’s gonna pay."
On Sunday, Castiel entertained the idea of visiting Dean a second time but squashed it quickly.  Dean had been perturbed at his abrupt appearance but it would really be best for him to wait a few more days before he attempted it again.  Though, he was fascinated by the man’s home.  Inside, it was warm and inviting.  At its edges, though, threatening and cold, like a cornered bobcat.
he breathed.  He fell silent and then sighed.  “
He turned then, surprised.  Castiel appeared truly flummoxed by the comment.  He laughed softly.  “Well, yeah.  I mean, once I’m dead and gone, fuck it.  The only reason you’re here is because I was still
”  It had always unnerved him, left him stressed and humiliated at times.  But it was what Michael had wanted and when Dean didn’t follow, the results could be fairly ugly.  Even after all those
Run in, run out.  Easy as that.
Dean’s hand slid warm against his cheek.  “The guys who ignored him were dicks.  Tyler should
The car rocked with violence as he yanked on the door and all but fell in.  The engine had hardly cycled before he tore off down the road, wipers flipping and rain drumming.  Anger.  Anger like he hadn’t experienced in
“Would . . . shall I call James in?” he asked, half-heartedly.  He still remembered how Dean said he liked
Bending low, he licked at Castiel’s thickening cock, earning mewls of delight.  His fingers, blunt and searing, pressed at his hole, teasing the ring of tightened muscle before finally sliding in.  Dean swallowed his cock down as he thrust inside, working his body open, his free arm pressing into Castiel’s abdomen to keep him pinned to the bed.
He darted for the leather-bound book, bringing it up quickly.  He found Dean’s eyes widen with genuine fear.  So, it was true then.  This held all of Dean’s lies?  “This is important, isn’t it?” Castiel asked.  Surprisingly heavy for such a small item.  He flicked it open, finding scribbled notes about supernatural beings.  How to kill them.  How to ward them away.  Dean’s little black book of death, apparently.
Castiel’s jaw snapped shut so fast he was certain he’d chipped a tooth.  He’d written
And brilliant, stupid Castiel had tried to castrate him with an umbrella.
He looked again at Singer’s note before shoving it into his pants’ pocket.  Maybe he’d take a look at the land in Kansas, after all.  Sight-seeing never hurt anyone, right?  He tried his damnedest to tamp down on the hope that welled up at the idea.
He was supposed to be
"I’ve had a shitty day today; want to blow off the rest of the afternoon and have sex?"
man?  God, the world really was a cruel, awful place, wasn’t it?  After he caught Dean’s concerned look and lifted brow, he took the man’s hand quickly, shaking it hard.  “Er.  Sorry.  I . . . um . . . sorry.”
“Back where?  I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Okay.  All right.”  He stood up, fumbling with his shirt.  “Sure.  I mean, if you want.  I’m good though,” he babbled.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Had stuff on my mind,” Dean supplied in a mutter.  He shrugged into his jacket.  “Fine.  I got a date.  You happy?”
” he mused.  “
“Uh, uh,” he soothed.  He turned Castiel around, pulling him against his naked chest, breathing in Castiel’s hair.  “This is about you, Cas.”  He pitched his voice low and rough.  “So I want you on your knees.  On the couch.  Gonna make you feel
Castiel swallowed, eyes wide.  “I . . . Gabe . . . but . . .”  He buried his head in his arms again and whined wordlessly.
It didn’t exactly surprise Castiel that he slept like shit following his meeting with Dean.  Hard to get any rest when one’s brain moved in circles like a busted lawnmower.
“Please, please!” he gasped, clawing at Dean’s shoulders.  The crest built like a tidal surge, threatening to choke to his air.  Dean’s hips slapped against his ass and he sobbed, biting down on Dean’s shoulder as his body shook with impending orgasm.  With a choked scream, he stiffened, teeth sinking deeper into Dean’s shoulder as he came, nearly breaking the skin in his frenzy.  In answer, Dean growled, gripping his ass tight and pumping into him, coming hard and fast.
-- had given up his life because of some dumbass hunter too damn stubborn to die.  So weak as it was, Dean tried all he could to show his thanks.  He hadn’t been — and
?  He chewed his bottom lip, hoping to hide his giddy relief.  “That isn’t exactly romantic, Dean.”  His lashes fluttered as his cock began to lift again, pleasantly tormented by Dean’s continued movements.  He whimpered, fingers dropping down to dig into Dean’s wicked hips.
” he whispered.  Even as he said it, his cheeks heated painfully and he refused to look at Dean when the man pulled away.  Great.  Already ruined the mood.  Even with
that rolled off him like exhaust.  Even given the distance, Castiel quailed at the ferocity that spilled.
-- Dean’s kiss threw all thought out of his head faster than he could form it.  The man wasted no time in wrapping his hand along the back of Castiel’s neck and pulling him in for a deeper, filthier kiss.  Castiel dug his fingers into Dean’s chest, whimpering.  God, how was it possible?  He was completely fucked out but Dean managed to wind him tighter.  It wouldn’t be long before he would be ready for another go.
What little the interviewer had managed to pull from Castiel now fermented in Dean’s head.  He had a few boxes in his head to tick off in terms of riling the man up before he was willing to give up his new game.  He didn’t intend to embarrass Castiel or humiliate him; just . . . well, honestly, had Castiel been up front that first day, Dean might have given into his initial impulse of asking the guy out.  He’d seen him walk in, so flustered and shaky and had immediately been smitten.  When he’d
Castiel wanted to laugh at Dean’s apology.  He owed the other man so much more than words.  Castiel could feel tears burning and he blinked rapidly.  “Why did you let me keep doing it?”
They stayed that way for the better part of an hour, Dean sipping at his whiskey as the show drawled on, Castiel tugging at bits of Dean’s hair as he tried to figure out if it was possible to braid the short strands.  He found they turned into little snags more than anything.  Dean would likely be irritated when he tried to comb it later, but for now, Castiel sat cross-legged once more, twisting and turning the chestnut lengths.  He’d forgotten why he’d originally shown up, happy instead to be drowsy warm with alcohol and spend the time with Dean.
Bobby squinted at him.  “Ya sure are a shit liar, boy.”
Castiel swallowed.  “Er, I . . . um, sorry.  I was distracted, I suppose.”  He rubbed the back of his neck nervously, gaze flickering to Dean warily.  Once more, his deep-seated nature trilled in his gut, delighted at Dean’s nearness.  It was more than the virility the man exemplified.  Fairies were attracted to power and strength.  But there was a kindness beneath all of that essence that called to Castiel.  And, frankly, he wasn’t blind.  Dean was an extremely attractive man.
Groaning, Castiel covered his face.  “Ugh, shit.”
(See the end of the chapter for
for not shooting something at the age of nine.  To think he felt
much.  Really, his interactions with Dean had been niceties if he ignored his impertinence as a fairy.  He had no right to simply show up on Dean’s doorstep with a plate of food.
him.  Something frightened him but the idea of self-direction hardly entered it.  He’d left his brother for much the same reason, Castiel didn’t doubt.  Dean had referred to himself as poison.  Dean felt he himself was the threat.  And the idea that the man would push him away rather than take what he offered because of his own shattered self-worth cut at Castiel deeply.
Castiel’s humor faded and he chewed his lip.  Ideally, he should simply coax Dean in on some lie but the reality, honestly, was far worse.  He wouldn’t have been surprised to learn that Dean had
Thank God he didn’t learn his lessons all that well.
ended about a year in.  During a night of stupid home movies – most from when Dean was in his rebellious high school years and
“Told him what?”  Castiel squinted at his cousin.  He hadn’t even told Balthazar his plan; what on earth had he told Dean?
Unable to think of a reply, Dean just pulled on his leather jacket, looking up as he looped his scarf around his neck.  Then froze.  And did
The familiar head-tilt.  The lift of the eyebrow.  Man, if Dean hadn’t been so damn blitzed, he’d probably still get to see that on a daily basis.  But now he’s likely to get the send-off; since it’s Castiel, it’s going to be a
Dean rolled onto his side, draping an arm over Castiel’s chest.  He nuzzled Castiel, licking his chest gently.  “I’m up for round two.”  The motions stopped as Dean stiffened.  He pulled away suddenly, his voice softer.  “You know . . . if you want.”
Castiel touched his cheek, calming him quickly.  “I don’t intend to go beyond the massage, Dean,” he stated.  “I would like to do something for you, though.”
not told.  From what little he knew of the other man, words seemed to do little more than slip down his skin.  He smiled a bit, chewing his lip as he did.
Commuter Angel had the same idea.  A look of longing in those dark eyes.  The way they’d sweep across Dean as though calculating every fold of cloth and line of skin.  He stared, for damn sure.  Instead of being creeped out, Dean just ended up turned on.  Which could be tricky when he had a nine o’clock meeting.
was going on?
“I’m with you on that,” his neighbor remarked.  He smiled softly at Dean’s sharp look.  “I’m a bit of an insomniac lately.”  He held up his mug.  “Hence the tea.”
Still, Dean had spent most of the barbecue chatting with the man, completely smitten.
Balthazar looked unhappy at the admittance but nodded.  “I thought as much.”  He sighed.  “Cassie, I think this is a terrible, horrible idea and it will end
“Um, can I … help you?” Castiel prodded, completely lost.
More trouble.  Castiel tapped the arm of chair, mind moving.  It would be wise to bring Balthazar in.  As flirty and obnoxious as the man was, Castiel was certain he wouldn’t report the two of them.  He didn’t think.  If he could phrase it properly, he might be able to gauge the man’s charity.
Dean’s gaze snapped up and he quailed inwardly at the fierce look on Castiel’s face.  He licked his lips and shrugged.  “My, uh, last Dom.  He . . . I didn’t listen to him.”
Frowning, Castiel yanked on his arm, jerking Dean’s bound hands.  ”Hard not to be when you insist on taunting me,” he remarked.  He lifted his brows.  ”Was the … gesture in the security footage necessary?”
The desire to scratch his wrists burned and Dean rubbed his thumbs harshly into the steering wheel.  “It’s . . . weird, okay?”  He squirmed in his seat, well aware that Castiel was watching him closely.  “I don’t know why you even care,” he admitted.
Strong and not too fast.
he breathed out, shakily.  “Well, I hope to reward you accordingly in my own . . . special way.”
Definitely would need a drink or four this flight.
“Enough flirting, lads; shall we work?”
Dean stared at him and blurted, “Dean Winchester.  I’m a cop.  Thought you were high.  I’m running on like six hours of sleep from the last week and I’m pretty sure I’m going to start seeing little green men in the walls.”  He clapped his mouth shut as well as his eyes.
“Cas,” Dean rasped, “There’s no way in
Throwing his head back again, he shut his eyes and began stroking himself, hips bucking up slightly with each pass.  The lube was cold and his hand too tight but he kept pulling, feeling that lovely thrill start swirling in his spine.  Biting his lip, he called up an image of his torture, all tousled dark hair and bright eyes.
Not that it made Dean feel any better.  In fact, most nights after their dates, he went home stressed and confused, waiting for the ball to drop.  Why did Castiel keep prolonging things?  Why wouldn’t he just take Dean home and fuck him already?  His dreams in the last few days had been raw and visceral; Castiel taking him any number of ways, using Dean.  Even humiliating him; something he’d always hated.
He tried to remember if Dean had a car listed in his file.  Probably not given that he always seemed to be on foot when Castiel came across him.  His heart thudded quickly and he licked his lips, wondering if he should just take off.  If maybe this was a bad idea.  He caught a shadow of movement inside the building and swore lightly; well, too late now.  If it was Dean.  Maybe.  He couldn’t tell if he wanted that to come true or not at this point give how hard his heart pounded.
Gesturing with a pointed finger, Dean teased, “That’s why you’re so hoity-toity with your words.  You’re a nerd!”
The officer ducked into the driver’s seat, whistling sharply.  ”Fuck, man; that shit came down fast tonight.”  He took off his hat, tossing it into the back seat.  Starting the car, he looked over to Castiel, snickering.  ”You look like a wet cat.”
“J-just until after the signing.”  Which, really, didn’t solve anything.  It meant that Castiel needed to keep Gabriel from finding out.  He hoped Dean wouldn’t try to call the office again and would believe his assurances that his cell (well, Castiel’s) was the only way to reach him.  He brightened.  “I’ll tell Gabriel that I declined to go to the signing!  I’ll . . . I’ll tell him I wasn’t comfortable.  He’ll drop it then.”  Hopefully.
Castiel could feel the vampire’s anxiety rise, a ribbon of ugly heat that choked his throat.  “Sydney,” he urged.  “Calm down.  Dean isn’t going to hurt
Frowning, Dean jerked his head.  “The words.  Like, ‘pretty,’ or ‘lovely.’”  He felt a blush burn down his cheeks and along his neck.  Men weren’t
He hung up with Castiel and set his phone down, sighing.  He sat forward, rubbing his forehead with both hands.  Dean didn’t enjoy being stuck in his head for so long but with Castiel, it kept happening.  He would rehash everything he said or did, looking for the thing that was preventing them from being an
Other than the massage, Castiel hadn’t really even touched him yet.  Just that deep, sultry voice.  The firm commands.  It scared him how badly he wanted more of it.
“Uh, w-well.  Look at that,” he mumbled.
why I called you over this morning.”  He placed the book in his hand on the shelf and grinned again.  “Good thing you have a
As the years swept by in the journal, it read like the ravings of a mad man.  Entries on different beasts and creatures.  Summons, exorcisms, stories out of time.  This had to be what Dean and his brother had used as a basis for their hunts.  What to do.  What
"Hold it," Castiel remarked, smirking.  Something sparked in his head and he grinned, moving quickly to crawl across the bed, crouching over Dean.  The man’s eyes widened, sharpening into a lovely shade of green.  "Dean," he murmured, "it’s in your best interests to be good right now, all right?"
Balthazar cleared his throat.  “
not me.  Not normally.”  Castiel’s face paled.  “So, really, you only like
Castiel’s lips skirted Dean’s skin as he stated, “Watch the movie, pet.”
In a daze, Castiel slipped out and returned to his car.  As he started the old beast up, he froze.
His phone dinged immediately, startling him.
Stubborn as always, Castiel stiffened his spine.  “Dean,” he intoned, “do you love me?”
we have sex, I want you pliant.  I want you enjoying it.  To do so now would be unpleasant for you.”
Castiel shook his head.  “I think . . . I’ll meet with you at the signing.”
underwear.  Damn his vivid imagination.  Struggling to look away, he bent down and retrieved his umbrella, upturning it to empty it of collected rainwater.  “If you’re all right then . . . I’ll be going, sir.”
He tried not to swell with pride at that.  He’d done all he could to keep her maintained over the years.  Hell, she was the reason he started the auto restoration business with Bobby when the whole college thing had fallen out on him.  He shrugged and swallowed, hurrying to the driver’s side.  “Um, my dad bought her right after he married my mom.  Kind of . . . a family heirloom, I guess.”
Dean blinked at him, a slow grin pulling at his lips.  “I think you swore at me but you basically sound like a record skipping.”  His green eyes warmed and he chuckled.  Dean yawned and licked his lips.  “Feel free to stay if you want,” he murmured.  “Dunno if you guys even sleep.”
Dean tried to grin but it faded quickly.  “No offense, Cas, but I could take you drunk.”  He cleared his throat, looking away again.  “You’re a bit off there, dumbass.”
He didn’t get much farther before he was pushed against a wall and Dean’s lips met his.  He returned the kiss eagerly, before reality stepped in again.  He shoved against Dean’s chest, breaking them apart.  “You don’t want me,” he managed, his voice rough.  “You don’t even know me.”
“Then you’re fucking stupid, Cas,” Dean chided.
?  He’d never heard Castiel sound so cold and detached.  How he could barely
Unable to think of an answer, Castiel merely stared at Dean until the other man’s smile faded and genuine worry set in.
Though
He’d had no destination.  Hadn’t really expected to survive a year or more.  He’d gotten more and more reckless with each subsequent hunt after he’d abandoned the bunker.
Not that Dean had cared.  He’d been a bit too focused on the newest addition.  He’d learned that Castiel had graduated top of his class from Harvard.  Passed the bar almost immediately before moving out the Kansas to take a position with a now defunct firm.  He’d come to Sam’s firm with the path of making partner in another year or so.
Pushing away from the door, Castiel stalked across the room toward Dean.  “Did you kiss me because you wanted me?  Or to distract me?”  He scowled, his confusion from the last week surging out in an exasperated sigh.  “Is this a game to you?”
He surprised himself with that.  While he’d always had a bit of a fantasy about James when going through college and his own self-discovery, he’d found himself way more taken in by Gabriel.  Tall – though not taller than Dean –, trim – though not crazy buff fitness freak trim –, and
Fingers clenched in the sheets, Dean nodded.  “Y-yeah.  W-went home and . . . yanked it to your face.  Th-then found out who you were.”  His eyes were shut tight as he squirmed.  “Kinda . . . always made sure I was where you were.”
before they closed for the fall.  So they’d sit, maybe eat bad food, and Dean would go home alone.  Again.
No, what ate at him was how great the sex seemed to be in his books when he himself was hopeless in bed.  Clumsy and awkward and saying the wrong things at the wrong time.  No wonder he was single.  His last fling hadn’t lasted more than a handful of weeks.  Maybe he just needed a break.  He said as much to Balthazar.
said nothing the entire drive – and exited the car, taking their dinner with him.  The two of them walked up the short hill and Dean sighed, taking in the sight.  The town was still in view but the stars were a bit more noticeable here.  He’d had enough foresight to grab a blanket from the backseat given the sudden chill in the air but realized quickly they’d either have to sit on the blanket or in the dirt.
Oh.  So they would have sex?  The constant back and forth threw Dean completely off and he froze, unable to process the request.
"  A pause and a dark chuckle.  "
to me, Cas.”  Breathing out, he added, “I want
he was lucky.
With a quick, kitten-kiss to his nose, Dean pulled back, pushing himself up to hover over Castiel.  He winked and shifted, bending down to lick a nipple before lowering his mouth to suck hard on the soft protrusion.  Castiel sobbed, throwing his head back, fingers tight in Dean’s hair.  He wiggled violently when the man used his free hand to tweak and pinch his other before suddenly shifting and laving that one with wet heat.
Ignoring the crude language, Castiel turned toward his car and nearly reached it before he halted.  What the hell was he doing?  He didn’t even know if this was the location Dean had bought.  Or if he’d even
Brow furrowed, Dean shrugged.  “Not like he’d have been able to back out of it.  Gabe confirmed it.”  He pointed at the phone.  “Hell, so did you!”
He could feel it, faint and fractured; Dean’s passions filling the air.  Maybe it wasn’t love in its purest sense but Dean craved him.  Desired him the way Castiel desired Dean.  He took strength from that and stepped close to Dean again.  He didn’t touch the man this time, though he wanted to.  Wanted desperately to curl against him.  “I do.  I love you.”
“That sounded more like a question, but whatever.”  He chuckled.  “I’ll bring burgers.  You ain’t had a burger until you’ve had mine,” he teased.
Dean pulled away from Castiel’s hand, turning to roll down the window and yank at the speaker box, pulling it into the car.  Fiddling with it and the window, he mumbled, “I keep telling you that I don’t.  I’m fine with it.”  The frustration he’d been feeling erupted and he turned suddenly, glaring at Castiel.  “I’m not made of fucking glass.”
“Is rubbish,” Balthazar interrupted.  He crouched over Castiel, peering at the object.  “It’s yet another vase from yet another doomed kingdom.  My word, the way you react you’d think the bloody thing was the grail.”  He waved a hand.  "Looks more suitable to my Nan's tea table than a king's parlor, if that's what you're thinking."
Just as he began to contemplate kicking in the door, it creaked open and Dean peered out.
“I, um, didn’t grow up with my father.  He was quite distant.  Possibly due to my mother dying when I was barely out of diapers.”  Castiel stayed plastered to the door, though he’d lifted his head, meeting Dean’s eyes.  “I never really learned how to communicate with him.  I spent a majority of my life in either boarding schools or universities.
smut.”
He felt his frustration burn like a fever under his skin, his fingers white-knuckled against his fork.  “Look, I already agreed to be your sub,” he hissed, only belatedly noticing the widening of Castiel’s eyes.  “Quit dragging this shit out, all right?”  As soon as the words slipped free, Dean went cold.  He recognized it in the narrowing of Castiel’s eyes.  Another Dom angry.  But punishment always meant some pleasure.  So . . . it was okay, right?  In the end, he’d get what he wanted, even if it was a sliver.
And then the tone changed.  John’s entries stopped.
“I didn’t do anything!” Dean squawked.  He blushed.
he was chipper.  But not like he could tell his brother he’d jacked off because a guy gave him a damn massage.  Even if it was Castiel.  He’d masturbated twice to Castiel’s grainy dick pic since Friday.  Each time, just as good as the last.  Might be a sign of something but Dean wasn’t about to dig into that just yet.
,” he remarked.
“I see,” Castiel murmured.  He shifted again.  “Dean, I like you.  A great deal.”  He continued, drumming his fingers along the edge of the door.  “As such, I’m interested
At the moment, I have three chapters completed.  This is a record for me.  Don't expect it to continue.  :D
.”  At that age, Castiel had still been safely ensconced behind his clan’s borders.  A child raised with all the others.  Free and fearless.  That Dean, at that age, had to shuck off the veil of youth and suddenly be an adult?  Something his mind likely couldn’t handle.  Made worse by the fact that Dean had witnessed his
While Bobby hadn’t sounded frantic, Dean wasn’t about to risk it.  He’d rather get there and find nothing than arrive rested and have to set up a funeral pyre.
He knocked, calling out to Dean but the music didn’t dim and he could hear a loud clank now and again.  The front office of the shop sat quiet and empty, old magazines on the low end table and a water cooler occasionally burping in the corner.  Castiel’s shoes tapped quietly on the linoleum as he moved to the back.  He pushed open the door to the service bays and found Dean, bent over an old, blue dented late-model car.  He was half under its hood and with the music cranked, Castiel worried about startling the man.  Thankfully, Dean shifted back and away from the hood, turning to see Castiel.
Feeling that same, sickening twist in his stomach, Dean licked his lips.  “Which means you’ll do it again, won’t you?  Pretend you’re straight?”
And then it all went to fucking shit.  Dean flinched, swallowing frantically as Castiel’s voice brought up those old memories.  Hard hands.  Pain.  Laughter in his ears.  The pinching bite of leather bound too close to his skin.  He fumbled with the buckle on his wrist, desperate to yank it off.  Shaking, he only stopped when Castiel’s fingers trapped him.
