Kudos once again to my betas, @ennisnovember, @sincewhendoyoucallme-john and @green-violin-bow. Your support is invaluable and making me a better writer.
The ride seems to take forever. Houses rush by and the night falls. Sherlock hasn’t been at Baker Street in days. John assumes the place will be a mess, the fridge empty except for moulded food and the remains of his last experiments. He sends a text to Mycroft, asking if he could arrange for the fire in the flat to be lit and some food to be delivered. He doesn’t care about Mycroft interfering any more. Things have changed so much. Mycroft replies instantly, a simple ‘Of course, John.’ And a second later, ‘Thank you for taking care of my brother.’
The ride to London has been calm, Matilda slept and so did John, crouched into his seat next to him. Clouds were scattered in the sky, sunlight has lit bright spots on the ground. The wind has pushed into the car. It is a windy day, clear, and the air is fresh, even in London. The icy chill of the last days is gone.
– they are as soft and delicious as they look. He tastes like tea and sugar, like a rich, complex blend of a
pants and a t-shirt and went straight to bed. His head was spinning with pain and his throat felt thick.
Matilda still wakes up in the middle of the night quite often. After a few weeks, Sherlock starts taking her when John doesn’t succeed in putting her back
help out. And with Donovan sick and a couple of others on vacation as well, my team looks a bit thin as well... So I thought I’d just ask. When one of our
John’s cock is large and incredibly hard. The skin feels delicate and silky. Sherlock explores it with his fingers – the shaft, his balls, the soft hair
And @icanwritesee, @green-violin-bow, @jbaillier, @isitandwonder, @lakritzkatze, @SinceWhenDoYouCallMe-John and, last but not least, my patient and supportive husband. <3
relationship with a man. It is gone as well. He doesn’t understand anymore how it could scare him off for years.
be? Something makes him hold back, keeps him from both making a move or trying to talk about it.
his personality. He didn’t even consider anything else but being the best of his year, the best of the whole school. To be a role model in every possible
- “The air is wonderful outside. There are even birds singing. You hear that, Sherlock? Birds. On Baker Street.“
John kisses him so fiercely he pushes him against the door frame and takes the pants down with both hands in one quick move. After a split second of
into real, physical pain. In his dream, he had been in the hospital again, useless, not being able to help that tiny newborn. He lost the last bit of
When their naked chests meet, he feels the warmth radiating from Sherlock’s skin. He buries his left hand in Sherlock’s hair, tousling and touching his
“That would actually be great, yeah. Here you go. Matilda, behave yourself, right, sweetheart? I’ll be just over here.“
lying there, talking, very alive and probably ignorant of what this meant to John. It actually was the first time since his daughter’s death that John felt
John rushes over to the kitchen, leaving milk stains on his way, and grabs a tea towel. He cleans Matilda’s face and hands and starts peeling off her
thighs. Sherlock looks down, at John’s hard and beautiful cock, so prominent and close to his. John is smiling somewhat challengingly and kisses him.
replied and he briefly informed her of what had happened since the wedding and about the girl’s illness. So when he was standing in front of her door once
belly. John bows down to him, out of breath and still out of his mind, kissing him, his lips dry and cool from breathing too hard and too fast.
He hasn't come out of his room for days as far as I know. I've been calling in sick to work and going over there everyday, relentlessly knocking on his door, telling him we need to talk, that I'm there for him if he needs me. The silence on the other side suggests he doesn't but I stay all the same, sometimes for hours on end.
The next time it happened, was just before my wedding. I was stressed out beyond belief, and having so many pre-marital jitters that I was a mess. Nobody knows how much of a wreck I was before that wedding, nobody except for Sherlock. He was there, the best man, helping me get ready for the wedding. I was having trouble fastening my tie; I had somehow completely forgotten how to perform this simple task. Sherlock had gone to the loo, and as he walked in I burst into tears. Now I am not an emotional person, even in the worst of times, so you can imagine Sherlock’s confusion when I started to sob. He stood there for a while, simply staring, open mouthed, before rushing to me to help.
I look around and I have frozen in the doorway, my thoughts stopping me in my tracks. I shake my head and stride across the room, attempting to radiate confidence, to show my therapist that I am not broken. I lower myself into the hard-backed chair that sits on one side of the coffee table, and give the most genuine smile that I possibly can. She doesn’t look convinced.
Ever since Mary and I got married, we haven’t seen each other as much – I have a life to keep up with, a married life, and to be honest, it’s hell. I love Mary; I truly do, but Sherlock…
"John, I have been known to ignore people for long periods of time. You should have known..." he is a little quieter now, more unsure of himself.
"I just wanted to say," he is mumbling now, sniffling with every word. "That the fact that I am..." he gestures to his face "Does nothing to support your hypothesis."
It is only after I stand up again, hands shaking and eyes red that I see Sherlock, receded into the shadows. His face looks like a sheet, and his eyes are a deer in the headlights. He turns and he runs.
“Now, if I’m correct, he has murdered no less than 3 couples that have come here looking to book a reception for their civil partnership. I think that he killed them in his office, so that’s where we need to get.”
"I want you to know that... there's nothing wrong with it. Well, no, but... it's not your fault, I.." I take a deep breath. "I understand what you're going through. I went through a similar thing just before I met Mary. Just after you..." I finish with a sigh, and I feel as if a weight has been lifted off my shoulders.
Sherlock sits still on his chair, and for once, I can't read him at all. He looks like a perfect statue, one that could shatter at any moment. He suddenly stands up, startling me, and walks to the far window, facing it.
The tube comes to a stop and I stand up, pushing my way out of the door through crowds of people, darting amongst bodies as if they are obstacles in a course. My body moves slowly, shuffling through the crowds, but my mind does not. It races, the anticipation like a fluid, slowly filling my head, spreading warmth and sending shivers of excitement down my spine. I chuckle to myself in a kind of childish delight, more loudly than I intend to, and earn a few strange looks from passing strangers – but I couldn’t care less. I am on the last escalator; the light from the outside world revealing it’s self slowly. As the light builds, so does the anticipation, making my whole body buzz, my head light and giddy. The thing is - it’s not like this is unusual – this is how I feel every single time I am about to see him.
The music comes to a stop with an ugly and abrupt shriek of the strings. I want to get up, to compose myself but I don't think I have the energy. The door creaks open slowly and Sherlock, dressed only in a pair of checked pyjama bottoms stares down at me in confusion. I don't know what to do I so smile awkwardly and begin to speak.
I turn around, bemused by this statement and she winks at me before whispering something into the ear of the boy in the purple suit. She laughs and the boy turns a deep violet, almost matching his ridiculous clothing. I give her a funny look and turn back to my walking, ignoring the peals of giggles from the strange trio.
“Ella,” I stammer, “I… um… I have to go now.” I can see that it’s paining her that she thinks that she upset me and I am leaving never to come back. Her false face has finally shown some emotion, and for that, I finally respect her.
This gets my attention and I laugh for a moment, before meeting his eyes which are dead serious. My face falls. Does he not know I care about him? Am I that horrible, that terrible that he thinks I don't care?
I laugh awkwardly "I don't know, feelings and that... stuff, but I... I was just terrified Sherlock, I was so, so scared - I thought you were gone, and..."
My leg jumps up and down in excitement as I sit on the tube on my way to The Arches. I wonder what exhilarating case Sherlock has lined up for me tonight, anticipating the flutter of my heart, the breathlessness of my voice as we charge through the buzzing city, looking for new leads. But it’s not the case that I love, that fills me with joy. It’s the time; the time that I get to spend with him.
I can't quite get the words out, I don't know what to say, so I sigh and go and sit down, head in my hands.
I am acting like a teenage boy and I know it but this annoys me even more. I pick up my keys with a groan and stomp towards the door.
My heart drops to the pit of my stomach. I have never seen him like this. So vulnerable, and just plain sad. I have caused this. What the hell was I thinking? Guilt washes over me and I feel like sobbing my eyes out.
"Yes?" He is clearly trying to sound composed but his voice wobbles and he ends up sounding like an eight year old crying.
"Sherlock," I say, trying to sound calm and composed. "I'm so sorry. I shouldn't have acted like that. I need you to know that I'm not angry with you."
I swallow, not even wanting to think about what Sherlock was attempting. Absent mindedly I trace the bumps on my hip through the thin material of my shirt which I had created not too long ago myself.
I am still standing in the kitchen, shaking with adrenaline from the argument. What the hell have I done? I start to pace, reliving it in my head. What is wrong with me? How could I have handled something so delicate and difficult like a child? I pace faster, looking around the room. I see Sherlock leaning against the counter, I see the look on his face when I called him that, the tears in his eyes. I want to go into his bedroom, to apologise, to comfort him. I don't believe what he said for a second and I need to talk to him, to be rational and kind - not lose my head like an idiot, but how can I talk to him when I just acted like that?
The first time I felt sure that I had feelings for my ridiculous ex-flat mate was when I realized that he and Jeanine were dating. I had come over, just to say hi; perhaps it was to work on a case? I can’t remember. Anyway, when Jeanine had opened that door, a load of emotions had come crashing down upon me, tearing me down with them. Confusion, anger, regret, jealously. God I was jealous. And, later on, I had seen Sherlock kiss someone for the first time, finally seen him showing an ounce of romance – well, more than an ounce – and it had killed me. I didn’t want the first romantic scenario I had seen Sherlock in to be with someone else!
When I reach the bottom of Church Street I turn left as instructed. There is only one establishment that is clearly open to the public, and it is brightly lit in neon purple. For some reason I instinctively think of the young lad in the purple suit – it’s funny how the brain makes connections. It appears to be some kind of nightclub, and as I get closer I see it’s a gay bar. My heart leaps and I roll my eyes at myself. For god’s sake of course he’s not taking you to a gay bar - that could imply…
This takes me by surprise. I expected the usual lecture about how I will probably always be traumatized by my time in the military. How it’s not my fault and it can happen to anyone. Ella had hardly dared to scratch the surface after Sherlock had died, I suppose I hadn’t let her really. I give  her a look and lean back in my chair.
"Oh god, Sherlock no, I could never be angry with you. I was... I can't... Shit this is hard, we don't talk. About each other and..."
When I touch Sherlock, even by accident, electricity jolts through my body, and I can’t breath, and it’s the most natural feeling in the world and yet the most unique, and alien at the same time. When I see Sherlock my heart physically changes pace, my eyes light up, my breath quickens. When he talks, I hang on to every word, trying to familiarise myself with the gentle yet beautiful lull of his tone, but I never will. He will always amaze me; I could never be bored around Sherlock Holmes.
It only takes a few seconds for my brain to put together the jigsaw, and a few more for a text to come through, with an address.
I realise that I am almost shouting and I sit back, ashamed of my outburst. Nicely handled John, well done. Sherlock, however, doesn't seem affected. Cool as a cucumber he stands up. His whole stomach ripples, each muscle moving and despite the circumstances I don't think I could help myself from licking my lips if someone paid me.
“I have booked an appointment to consult him, you will have to play my husband to be of course. Needs to be believable.”
Not that. He is facing me now and I have crossed the room before even thinking. I wrap him tight into my arms and he collapses his weight onto mine once again and right now I don't care if it means more to me than him and I don't care that this is the man that I am utterly in love with. All I know at this moment, all that matters, is that we are standing at the window, just holding each other.
A million sarcastic responses fill my head. Oh, I’m doing great thanks, just thought I’d pop into your therapy sessions to say hi, catch up!
And then there is Mary. She is comfort; she is warmth, and security. Fondness. But not love; not pure desire and electricity that rips through your body every time you are in the same room as them. She knows me, and I know her, and we are supposed to be together. But she is not him. She is not Sherlock.
An ugly mix of a sob and a hiccup comes out of my mouth and I dissolve into crying again. Sherlock just stares at me and says nothing.
I do, I do love her. I look up to my wife and give the most reassuring smile that I can, attempting to convince her that I wasn’t just daydreaming about being with my best friend romantically. Again.
"For god's sake! What's wrong with you? You're such an emotionless..." I search for a word, my eyes darting, head sweating in anger.
"John, don't be ridiculous. Not only are you over reacting but you almost lost us our case. Now, I'm going to bed."
"Mary-" I go to say but she has already hung up. She is annoyed with me, and there will be a long conversation tomorrow, I know, but I don't care right now. Nothing else matters except Sherlock.
He waves his hand dramatically, gesturing to our surroundings with a look of distaste. I chuckle and he gives me a look before moving on with his explanation.
Just like that all of my anger seeps away and it is replaced with sadness. I hate myself for it but my eyes fill with tears and they pour out, I can't help them. My back slams against the wall and I sink down to the floor. I am almost sobbing now, in time with the pretty melodic tune of the violin. My hand flies to my mouth a second to late and a loud wail escapes my throat.
I pick up the mug and walk over to my laptop, opening it up to the page of my blog which is still on 21,000 views since my last post over a year ago. I couldn't face looking at it after Sherlock.
"Right. Let me remind you then. Or do you not remember the scars on your wrists. There's only one way to make them and I think we both know what that is."
I am really distressed now, and I need to calm myself down. I stand still for a moment, taking a few deep breaths. I go sit in my armchair but for some reason decide against it, instead eyeing up Sherlock's. He has left his dressing gown on it and it has a few half drunken cups of tea. I smile to myself, comforted by the familiarity of this sight, and make my way over there, before settling into the softness. I try to relax, to clear my head - at least one of us needs to if we ever hope to talk. I shut my eyes, breathing in the clean but soft scent of Sherlock. It is gentle and sexy and gorgeous at the same time and it instantly relaxes me. I sit like that for a long time, eyes shut, head in my hands, breathing in Sherlock.
I am still in slight shock about the events of last week as I stir the tea quietly, so as not to wake Mary. I haven't told her about anything that has happened - I'm not quite sure why but I do know that I now feel more distant from her than ever.
“Have you two… “ she trails off, something that I have never known Ella to do. I cock my head, looking at her curiously.
I attempt to crush the hope that’s building in my stomach – because it never is the despair that hurts you, it’s nearly always the hope. I past the depressing 1960's greg flats – Sherlock is probably waiting outside some witness’s house. I peer down the street, searching for the long coat and mass of black curls. No sign of Sherlock yet. I move further down, passing houses and approaching the bar. I walk past it, and just as I am about to move on, a hand grabs my jacket and pulls me through the entrance. Sherlock.
Shit. Sherlock has tried to… I don’t even want to think about it. I have to admit I thought about it, after he left, and there were times when I nearly did. And it’s not like I don’t have scars of my own, I know what he is going through, I need to talk to him, let him know that it is ok. I run down the stairs, intending to catch him, and burst into the loud main room of the club. I look around desperately but he is gone, swallowed by the wild crowd…
“Yeah we know where that is,” replies the green-haired girl. “Just go down Church Street and turn left at the bottom and you’ll be on the right road, can't miss it after that.”
“Maybe that swearing jar thing isn’t such a bad idea after all, Sherlock.“ They walk down a small street on their way to Baker Street.
Sherlock panting within a minute, sweat on his forehead and his cock wet with precome. He lets go of his cock, adds some lube and starts grinding his hips
John takes a deep breath. He opens his mouth as if to say something, then closes it again. Another deep breath.
being a complete dickhead during the conversation. He is rather quiet, but not unfriendly. Later on, he even tries to engage in some small talk when
So rugby it was. John went to training twice, sometimes even three times a week. There were matches on the weekends. He made sure that in case they
Their bags are still in the hallway. Sherlock takes his and shows John the way to his old bedroom on the first floor. John is both completely surprised and not surprised at all to find Sherlock’s room look like a junior version of 221b. It is not as messy, but it resembles their home in London a lot. Books and things are stuffed into the shelves, there is a large desk, pictures on the walls, a similar style of furniture. John has no difficulties imagining a younger version of Sherlock doing his homework on that desk or lying on this bed, lost in thoughts. Playing the violin next to the window.
“Hm. Very liberal. Grew up in Hampstead. Only child. Artists’ family. University in France. Runs her own business.“
Later on, Sherlock goes swimming a bit as well and despite his smoking and his complete abstinence from most physical activities, John can tell that he is
“We could walk a bit and then find us a place to eat. It’s cool, but it’s sunny. Even looks as if spring is really starting with all these wee flowers.”
buries his head on his scarred shoulder and just rests there. Until he falls asleep. Letting himself be held and protected.
That night, Matilda falls asleep right after they have had dinner (bottle for her, Mrs Hudson’s welcome-home-lasagna for them). When John comes downstairs
to share a flat with him. And changed his life and slowly but relentlessly made him realize that
John would come back and carry on where they had stopped before. He had put on a t-shirt and pyjama bottoms and went upstairs, not willing to spend the
He hands the bottle to John. Matilda’s small face partly vanishes behind the bottle. She has to try a few times until she has found out how to get the milk
John wasn’t expecting him to come up with something useful. He just rather didn’t want to decide on his own.
“I’ve had it checked. At the clinic. Two weeks ago. You know, Robert, one of the doctors, he did a gastroscopy. Everything is fine. That pain might have been just stress-related.“
something else he won’t ever get enough of. He reaches down to touch Sherlock’s gorgeous cock, taking his time to explore it. The warm,
and breathing, just a few miles from him. No cold ash in an urn, buried six feet under. John tried to think of something else. Mary. Women. Any woman. It
“Invite them over some night, cook something or order in. I’ll put Matilda to bed and look after her.“
“Honestly, I don't know either. A lot of days are still quite bad. But not as bad as a few weeks ago.“
been standing in front of St Bart's trying to stop Sherlock from jumping in every possible way. And failing, each and every time. Kneeling beside his
his skull. He knew it was just a bloody cold, but at that moment, it was as if his body had decided to release all the pain stored inside him. To turn it
He sits down on John’s bed and watches her for a few minutes. Her chest is heaving with her breath. The sight of Matilda sleeping is the most calming thing
“Oh, at the Manor House in this town they were searching for two new head gardeners. Just when we had finished gardening school. It’s part of the National Trust, you see, with that huge park and garden. We applied and we got the jobs. The Lady knew exactly what we were. And she supported us, being quite liberal, eccentric and headstrong. Nobody ever openly dared to say anything about us living together. Well, we couldn’t kiss on the street, but we had our life. Together. That was a lot.” Ruth sighs.
been too much sadness to want sex or to even think about sex. Even if it was sex with Sherlock. But in this dream, he felt Sherlock's hands on his body and
One Friday night, he came home with his obligatory bag from the supermarket. It was already dark in the flat. He put the bag on the kitchen table. For the
up, opened the living room window and looked at the dark street. He heard a few voices, shouting and laughing. Maybe just some men coming home from the
They find a kebab place nearby which is still open. As John wants to pay, he looks into his wallet and then, smiling, at Sherlock. “You have to pay. All my money went into the swearing jar and I haven’t been to a cashpoint yet.“ He seems to be amused about that. Sherlock does as he is told and even gives the man behind the counter quite a tip, that smile of John’s has been worth it.
“But maybe it is about time you gave that view some more thought. It’s been more than twenty years since that, John.“
hands and when he lifts his gaze to John’s eyes, John’s knees are about to buckle. He tilts his head slightly, an unmistakable invitation for a kiss. And
“I think so. Need more data, though. Do you think we could go for a second round? Or do we risk injuring that amazing brain of yours permanently?“
hallway, slowly dragging him into his bedroom, where they undress. Not in a hurry, but not exactly slowly either. John can’t wait to breathe in Sherlock’s
He came. This was the most silent way he had ever climaxed. Biting his lip, trying hard not to let any sound escape his mouth. And he had come
“No. Just stay here. I’ve got no idea when she will be hungry again. Later on, the midwife will come and see her, check if everything works out with
“Hey, sweetheart. Did you sleep well?“ John kisses her on her head while she cuddles against Sherlock’s chest.
“My mother made mine, back then. She very much disagreed with the stuffed toys she found in the shops.“
He walked to the kitchen one last time, making sure everything was switched off. He saw his shopping bag still packed on the table. He took the whisky
Days passed. John went to bed, but he didn’t sleep. He got up, eventually, when he couldn't stand being in his bed anymore. He lost track of what time it
Before John can reply, she goes on, „But he isn’t as annoyed and bored as he usually is. Actually, domestic life seems to serve him rather well.“
Sherlock’s hand drops down on the mattress and he closes his eyes. The way their cocks feel against each other is better than he ever dared to imagine.
He has to think of his daughter. She has always been his daughter for him, even if he wasn't her biological father.
Sherlock’s skin is still warm from the bath, he smells like his soap and his shampoo. The heat of his touch shows him how alive Sherlock is, how close and how real.
Once inside Sherlock shut the door behind me and said, "Remove your shirt then stand facing the door and raise your arms above your head so your wrists are level with the manacles," Sherlock ordered in a definite voice; there was no getting out of this. I looked to the door to see what Sherlock meant and was surprised to see steel manacles hanging from the top of the door as if it was a removable peg rack for clothes where it hooked over the top of the door lodging it between the door and the frame.
"Master?" I asked through the door but there was no reply. I rolled my eyes and went inside. "I have coffee." I informed him and was relieved when he sat up and accepted it. A memory of undressing came unbidden into my mind and I felt the blood rush to my face. I very quickly left the room and hoped that he hadn't noticed. He can't have seen that, he has a hang over.
"Why is your brother helping us?" I asked struggling to keep up with Sherlock's long pace. Apparently realising my struggle, the man slowed down slightly before answering.
The whole time I couldn't get the murder off my mind, I got so distracted by it that I lost track of time, the only thing that snapped me out of my thoughts was Sherlock's voice from the sofa.
I took a deep breath and entered the room. It was large filled with crates, large and small, and in the centre of the room stood Mycroft behind a table.
I stayed sitting for maybe another half an hour until Sherlock walked in followed by a doctor, who looked in his late twenties with short blond hair and an angular shaped face so he almost resembled an elf out of lord of the rings, who immediately walked over to me and pulled me into a position to examine my back. "Too close Sherlock, too close. If you had given your slave a few more lashes or left him hanging from that door much longer he wouldn't be much use to you. Due to his shoulder wound if you had left him hanging any longer it would have damaged it enough for him to be useless for months while it recovered. Also if you had given him a few more lashes, as it seems with each lash you have given him, they increase in strength causing more of a wound making the healing process longer. Next time be more careful or at the very least work him up to longer punishments so it doesn't hurt his shoulder as much. Okay, now please leave while I stitch and bandage your slave up." The man said to Sherlock with a smile, he didn't at all seem affected by what Sherlock had done to me. He must be a doctor who specialises in treating slaves such as myself.
I paid for the drinks with money from his pocket and we slowly made our way outside and towards the apartment; I had to practically drag him for all the help he was giving me.
"Good. When we go out, if I deign to let you come, the rules don't change and you stay near me in case I need something, you must wear that collar at all times, unless I tell you otherwise, so people know you are a slave and finally you must always address me as 'master' or at the very least 'sir'. Understand?" He asked turning to face the TV turning it on.
He didn't reply he just stared at me until I realised what I did then looked down uncomfortable and said, "Sorry Sir,"
"Thank you Molly, do you mind if I run a few tests myself?" Sherlock asked but I knew it was rhetorical because Sherlock was already getting started.
After a few weeks my back recovered enough for the cheap stitches to come out and for me to remove the bandages. They where only cheap useless things, weren't much use anyway, so it didn't mach much of a difference other then the fact that now I could see damage. A constant reminder that I wasn't equal to everyone else and it still hurt if I moved to quickly or in a way that pulled my back. I barely noticed the weeks passing us by and in no time at all a whole year had gone turning the cuts on my back into scars.
Sherlock turned to me annoyed, "You are forgetting the rules John, get out the chair," he ordered staring at me.
"Almost, I'm just making sure everything works properly," The doctor replied, "Turn around John," He said and I obeyed. "So I have implanted it here you see and it connect into the brain, it can almost understand what Johns thinking. This means that when he is given an order it can understand whether he is going to obey or not. If he decides he isn't going to go do it then it will cause him pain and obviously the amount of pain it gives him depends on the severity of what he has done. Now of course his master can stop the pain or can cause the pain with just a verbal command. For example if you want to give him a small amount of pain you could say 'John- pain setting 1'" The doctor said and as soon as the words left his mouth pain spread through my body. It wasn't unbearable but it made it hard to think about anything else other than the pain. I heard the a voice say "Pain off" then seconds later I came back to my senses.
"Come John, give me the scarf there is no point in it now, we need to get back to the apartment." Sherlock said walking out the room and I followed submissively handing him the scarf.
"Hello Sherlock," She said smiling walking over to us, "How are you?" She asked but didn't get a reply.
"Well, Sherlock, I'm sure you have a good reason but I no longer care, how did that work earlier? You simply said how much pain he should have then it happened." Lestrade questioned obviously curious then stopped Sherlock from replying, "In fact don't tell me I don't want to know, I think I have a meeting about that tomorrow anyway, is it one of those new bloody internal collars" He said dismissively, I just nodded. "Okay then, off you go, we will send out patrols to the houses in the area you mentioned and catch the killer tomorrow." And with that he left leaving me alone with Sherlock.
Mycroft turned to me and glared making me look down ashamed. "First rule of being a slave, only speak when spoken to." He said before continuing down the corridor. "As it so happens I'm in a good mood so I will answer your question. We are going to to my brothers apartment." We exited the building and I noticed a black car was parked just outside. "Get in," Mycroft said harshly. The pain still fresh in my mind from the doctor I didn't dare hesitate, I got in the car and scooted over to the far side, Mycroft followed and the car started off down the road. "You are going to be my brothers slave; I know you are disappointed that you won't be serving me,"
"You seem to have forgotten the rules already, speak only when spoken to, but I will answer your question. I didn't want the police to know I had a slave. If they found out they could order you to do stuff and you would have no choice because the police have ultimate control over slaves purely for the reason that if I ordered you to break the law they could stop you. Anyway they would be able to use you and I don't want that because you are mine," Sherlock said then threw gritted teeth added, "I own you,"
"Of course I have an idea. Didn't I tell you last night?" He said moodily looking at me baffled, as if he were saying 'did you really just ask?' I raised an eyebrow and gave him a look of my own but he didn't elaborate. He threw the covers off the bed and rolled onto his feet. He was unsteady for a moment so I stood by his side ready to catch him should he fall. After a moment though he seemed to have regained his balance because he turned and left the room. I followed without saying a word and watched as he went into the bathroom shutting me out. I sighed realising there was nothing I could do from out here. I turned towards the kitchen and started preparing breakfast. I decided on scrambled eggs and toast, since it was easy, and made enough for the two of us. While I was waiting for the eggs to heat up in the pan I made us both tea. I thought about where things would go from here. It was more than just a physical attraction between Sherlock and myself but it wasn't like we could be in a proper relationship. I decided it was up to Sherlock to work out, and until he did I would continue to behave as a slave should. At least that way I wouldn't get into trouble. The moment breakfast was ready I called for Sherlock.
"Okay, three, two, one.." The doctor said and a second later I felt the liquid touch my skin. Without the leather I would have screamed, as it was I cried out into the leather, I shut my eyes tighter but other then that I lost sense of my surroundings. The pain could have gone on for hours or only second but I didn't know because time meant nothing in my mind; only the pain existed in my head.
"That includes you too Anderson," Sherlock added disdainfully. Anderson shot Sherlock a look of hatred, his eyebrows coming together and his lips pressing tight together to form a single straight thin line, before striding out the room angrily.
"We really aught to go home," I said to him. All I got was a curt little nod from him before he swung himself around and headed to the door. Well at least that was what it looked like he was trying to do but it didn't really turn out like that. He swung himself around and moved one foot forward but he lost his balance and landed on me.
"I hope Sherlock doesn't go to hard on you," Mycroft said with mock sympathy before he left leaving me alone with Sherlock.
"Thank you, anyway as I was saying, your sister is dead but that leaves us with a little problem. What do we do with you? Well the answer is simple, you remain a slave. There was nothing in the contract that says anything about if your sister dies. Now because you signed up for this for life it means there is little I can do for you. You will remain Sherlock's slave" Mycroft looked me straight in the eyes and for the first time it wasn't just his cold heart I saw. I saw compassion, he really did care. He didn't care much but the feeling was there.
For the first time I looked Mycroft in the eye. He couldn't do that to Harry, he couldn't offer hope only to take it away again, I would do anything for Harry.
"Don't give me that crap, you've always boasted about how important and smart you are. If you can't shut this down then no one can." Sherlock said, disbelief written across his face.
"John, I want you to know that my mind is still better then anyone's with or without a hangover. Even when I'm drunk I live in a world of goldfish so I can certainly tell you are aroused." This was so unexpected that  I dropped the spoon I was holding.
We headed into the house and we were met by another dead body very similar to the last. Mid thirties in age with dark brown hair, a knife stabbed into the chest with a note attached that said 'MMRWIKRERTSIHSYITNOHNMIGLUOEC', and his arms displayed in a strange fashion almost as if he where miming the time 3 o'clock. There were a few differences such as more stab wounds as if the killer had killed in a rage and the man had cuts and bruises on his face and knuckles.
"Hello John, I don't want anything to eat but feel free to get yourself something." Sherlock said to me turning away.
"Anyway I'm sure he will teach you how to act. Anyway your duties will probably include cleaning, cooking, maybe sex, then anything else he asks you to do. A little advise, just stay out of his way, he likes his privacy and as soon someone invades it he gets cranky, the same happens if someone doesn't do as he says so bear that in mind." Mycroft finished his little speech then turned away from me. Evidently Mycroft was finished talking.
"I can't. I'm part of the government, it would look very poorly upon me if I were the one to break and change our economy. Things always have a habit of adapting, I'm sure something would get worked out if the system were to be destroyed by someones idiotic brother. All they would need to do is steal my laptop, create and upload a virus onto it designed to specifically destroy the micro-chip system, take it to the basement of this building and plug it into the mainframe so the virus can spread. It would be awful if such a thing were to happen, wouldn't it? Of course, they would also need to use someones key card to access the room, they wouldn't steal my card, it would cause too much suspicion. But let's say they went up one floor and stole a different key card. Good thing we have security cameras to catch them." Mycroft gave Sherlock a pointed look, then moved to look me. "It's a two person job, I doubt there would be two people willing to do such a thing. One would have to steal the key card while the other broke into my laptop in order to do everything on time. In about 10 minutes I'm going on a short lunch break so you two should show yourself out. Pleasure as always, brother mine." Mycroft smiled then returned his focus to his laptop.  Sherlock stood up quickly and left the room, I ran after him still processing what had just happened.
I stood still for a second deciding what to do. My stomach grumbled, first thing's first, I had to eat.
"Is it bad, what you think it is anyway?" I asked needing to know. I was edging closer on my seat, I was about to get answers.
"Only that our entire economy depends on it. The chips get disabled and slavery gets abolished but what then. We go back to our happy lives? No, I don't think so. We make a lot of money from slavery, it is what makes our country strong. People that don't have money and would end up on the streets have a home because they are slaves. Criminals, instead of cluttering up jails they serve the people and the government makes money out of it. Slaves are made to do the jobs that the free people don't want to do and they don't have to get paid, just get given a home and food. You get rid of slavery and suddenly the government is down millions of pounds, the people that made money out of slavery rebel and become a problem, it is just easier keeping the system the way it is. Changing it will make a lot of important people very unhappy." Mycroft said, his face void of emotion.
About half an hour later we pulled up in front of a dark, desolate factory that seemed it would fall apart any moment. The only thought in my head at this moment was, why here? The woman got out of the car and I followed assuming she would take my to Mycroft.
I woke up to the sound my alarm the next morning, throwing my legs over the side of the bed I got up and got dressed. Slowly the memory of yesterday came back to me and the realisation that my sister was dead hit me like a bullet.
"Oh, I didn't take Sherlock for the slave owning type, but that could be because he treats everyone like a slave. You know what, I don't think he even knows the difference between a normal person and a slave! He just treats everyone like he owns them," She continued smiling. I really didn't know how to reply. If I said I agreed with her would she tell Sherlock and make him punish me or was she simply trying to be nice?
I raised an eyebrow when he downed his first glass immediately and got a refill but I stayed in my place even though I was itching to stop him.
Mycroft seemed to understand what I was asking because a moment later he said, "Even if there was some loop hole that would allow me to set you free I wouldn't be able to remove that collar that is embedded in your brain. I'm afraid you signed up for this for life and now you have to live with the consequences."
"Oh but you do. You know exactly what I'm talking about. The micro-chip." Sherlock said practically spitting at the end. If looks could kill Mycroft  would be dust. The moment Sherlock said the word 'micro-chip' the blood drained from Mycroft's face, his mouth opening and closing as if he wanted to say something but couldn't. He leaned back against the desk and let out a breath of air, almost as if the wind had been knocked out of him. Shakily, he walked back around the desk and sat down. "So you do know." Sherlock said going quiet again and stepping back almost in disbelief. I didn't blame him. "Shut it down." Sherlock's voice sounded final but Mycroft only shook his head.
When we arrived back at the apartment the first thing Sherlock did was go and lie down on the sofa hands together under his chin in his thinking position; at least that is what I assumed it was considering that he does it all the time. He didn't give me any orders so I started cleaning, not that there was much to clean, knowing the other option was to kneel on the floor next to Sherlock.
Now my trousers were uncomfortably tight and I was itching to be rid of them but my hands where tied, literally, and I could do nothing but whimper. Sherlock seemed to notice my discomfort because he drew back and I felt him undo my trouser. He was being antagonisingly slow but more infuriating than that was that he was refused to so much as brush my...
I expected him to say as much, he rarely ever ate anyway, so I headed into the kitchen to make myself something knowing that if I didn't and my stomach rumbled Sherlock would get grumpy at the 'distracting noises'. I decided against anything complicated or anything would require more then 5 minutes to make. Grabbing a bowl I made myself some cereal, quickly ate it, and washed up so I didn't have to do it later.
I had to think, I couldn't tell her I was his slave, "Um, well, I graduated from Bart's and when I got back from Afghanistan I went there to see an old friend, Mike Stamford. That's where I met Sherlock," I said mentally crossing my fingers and hoping it was believable.
I breathed deeply for a moment because I knew if I spoke my voice would break. After I composed myself I looked down and said, "It's a long story James," then I told him everything. It was the first time I had really been able to speak about it.
"John, take your scarf off." He commanded, I didn't even have to think before obeying, it was my job to obey after all. "No one looks twice at a slave. Go in there and knock out the two security guards." Understanding at once, I pulled the door open and in a few minutes the two guards were lying unconscious on the floor. Sherlock dragged me in and shut the door behind us, separating us from the world. There were several monitors lining a desk with two keyboards infront of them. I took a seat next to Sherlock and observed him. He seemed desperate, and anxious, and I could understand why. This needed to be done, but if we failed... Sherlock watched the screens with rapt attention and I watched him, waiting for him to find something. After a moment he seemed to find something and pointed. "Look there John. It's on her desk. Look at the screens and memorise where it is, you need to walk there with no hesitation. Keep your head down and act like you belong. Once they see your collar they won't question your presence. Go, meet me in Mycroft's office." I looked at the floor, it was four floors up, exactly where Mycroft said to go. I took one more look at where to go, shoved the scarf in my pocket, and left the room.
I decided to defend Sherlock seeing as it hadn't been his idea, "I'm John and master didn't want a slave, I was a none returnable present from his brother, so here I am." I said and that put Molly at ease.
"Its addressed to me, it says, 'Come and find me Mr Holmes. Tick tock.' So evidently he will kill again." Sherlock said looking jubilant. "This is fantastic, its like its Christmas!"
About an hour later dinner was ready and as Sherlock had said before I stood behind him while he ate it and after he was finished and everything was tidied up I got myself some.
After Sherlock finished I remained silent. I didn't want any trouble, I had to be good for Harry's sake.
"Oh hi John," He replying slurring his words, "I didn' know you were there. You were so silent even a teeny tiny li'le mouse would have been lou'er."
We arrived back home at about 9:30 and the first thing I did upon entering the apartment was make myself a few slices of toast.
Eventually I managed to get out the cab and walk inside. I felt myself switch onto auto pilot and I became unaware of my surrounding and as a consequence of this I found myself inside the apartment, in the living room, with no recollection of how I got there. I looked around for Sherlock and he was no where in sight. Walking further into the apartment I noticed Sherlock walk out the bathroom and come over to me.
The day went on as usual and I stayed invisible like a good little slave. That was until Sherlock got up without a word at the end of the day and grabbed his coat to go out. I followed him silently and ignored the disgusted looks thrown at me by strangers on the street as they notices my collar. I was so used to it by now that I barely noticed them anymore. I was confused when Sherlock walked into a bar and ordered alcohol.
I felt his hand by my ankles as he grabbed hold of my shoes and pulled them off, my socks with them, and as soon as there was nothing in the way he grabbed hold of the bottom of my trousers and tugged them off as well leaving me dressed in only my underwear which where also swiftly removed.
"D'you know the value of pie?" He asked still slurring his words. Before I could do anything he continued, "It's 3.141592653589793238462643..." I knew I couldn't stop him so I let him drone on in his drunken state until we got back to the apartment and into his room.
"The name is Sherlock, and unless we are in public with your collar on show, that is how you should call me." I was taken slightly aback by this. I couldn't help but get the feeling that something had changed. Sherlock walked into the kitchen, grabbed both of our plates before sitting down at the table putting my plate on the table by the seat next to him. "Sit and eat. I can't stand the noises your stomach makes when you are hungry." I hesitated, but only for a second before sitting down. I waited for Sherlock to start eating before digging in myself, something had definitely changed. I decided to ignore it for now but if anything else changed I would ask. I watched Sherlock eat out of the corner of my eye. Usually he didn't finish his food, or eat at all for that matter, but when I next looked over at his plate it was empty. Putting it down to needing energy from last nights activities, I dismissed the abnormality of the act and continued eating. After I finished I washed up and Sherlock assumed his thinking position on the couch. I kept an eye on him while I tidied. I wanted to confront him about last night, about everything, the good and... the bad, but it wasn't my place. I didn't know how things were going to change. So I was keeping to what I knew; being the invisible slave, the furniture. But I wasn't anymore. Sherlock said he loved me. He showed my last night. So what was I now? All these thoughts swam through my head as I appeared to look busy, finding dirt in everything and insisting that it needed to be cleaned. I was procrastinating. I needed to talk to Sherlock, but first I needed to know what happened last night to cause... I looked over at Sherlock and saw him staring at me. Feeling daring, I walked over to the chair by the laptop, picked it up, brought it over to the sofa and sat down in at so I was more on level with Sherlock. I was daring him to say something, willing him to show me if anything had changed. He didn't say a word. He just kept looking at me.
I stayed sitting until my strength returned and carefully got to my feet so as not to slip. I walked over to the mirror and turned to see my back. Without my years as a doctor I would have feinted but by now I was used to worse. What skin you could see was black and blue from where the crop didn't cut the skin but mainly cuts, ranging from deep to shallow, long to short, dominated my back covered in lots of blood with more dripping down onto my trousers and on to the floor. I looked in the mirror to have a closer look at my nose. By now the blood not only covered my chin but ran right the way down my chest to my trousers drenching the front in blood as well. My nose was crooked and hurt a lot. I knew I could do nothing for my back because I couldn't reach but I could deal with my nose. I lent towards the mirror to get a better view and put my fingers around below where it was broken. I braced myself for pain and clamped my teeth together. My throat already hurt from screaming and crying earlier and I didn't want to damage my voice any more then it was. I took a deep breath and sharply moved my nose into the correct position again. I heard a click as the bone moved back into position. Sharp pain spread through the area causing my vision to go black for a second but then the pain went away so it only stung slightly. I turned on the cold tap and washed the blood away from my face. I grabbed some tissue, held it to my nose and pinched the bridge as hard as I could considering it was broken then sat back down because I was starting to feel light headed from the blood loss and pain.
"My... my sister... Harry... she's dead." I stuttered emotionally, then went upstairs before Mrs Hudson could reply.
"Well done, of course you missed everything of significance but aside from that good," Sherlock said smugly, "You were right, his killer was a professional and he didn't kill him here, there isn't enough blood, so he was dragged to this location. That would explain why his arms are like they are but they have been placed completely straight if the killer had just dragged him here and nothing more then the arms would be slightly bent from when he dropped them but no he placed them the way they are, probably as a message. We don't need to find out anything about him, his killer didn't even know him. But I can see everyone wants to know who he is so, he is a pianist who performs at restaurants and things like that, you can tell be his hands, he has long fingers and the starting of arthritis in his thumbs also in his pockets are several leaflets with his name on directing people to restaurants around here and that's not even mentioning the suit. He is single but really wants a girlfriend, going by his phone, watch and shoes all aimed to impress people, mainly girls. Oh and his name is Jeffrey Carmichael, it says on the leaflets."
"Oh shut up Anderson, I was invited." Sherlock replied smugly pushing him aside as he headed to the house leaving the man looking after us in fury.
"Oh John, I really wish you hadn't done this," He said. I jumped to my feet and tried to punch him but before I could I was knocked off my feet by one of the guards.
"Activate control, John go to sleep." Mycroft said to me and a moment later I was consumed by the black nothingness of unconsciousness.
After I decided my heart wasn't going to explode out of my chest I grabbed the shopping again and walked into the kitchen to put the everything away.
He pulled away and continued doing this all over my neck and down my chest claiming me as his and no one else's. Then I felt him lean up and come close to my ear. I could feel his breath when he replied.
I sat there for a moment trying to take it in, Harry couldn't be dead, my sister was the only reason I was putting myself through this. My first emotion was grief but then it very quickly got replaced with rage, anger and hatred. Mycroft said she would be looked after, he lied.
"So John, how did you meet Sherlock?" A voice said behind me. Startled I turned around to see Sergeant Donovan standing behind me hands on her hips.
Getting dressed I walked into the living room and saw Sherlock lying on the sofa in his thinking position as usual but I ignored him. I wasn't in the mood for his condescending attitude. I walked into the kitchen and made some soup, after everything we had done today I was hungry so about twenty minuets later there was a pot of soup on the hob in case Sherlock was hungry, as my master I had to make sure his needs came above my own, and sat down with a bowel full. Within a few seconds I had eaten it and was feeling bloated. Still ignoring Sherlock I went and sat on the floor next to the sofa and he, in turn, left me alone.
The cab pulled up in front of a brick house surrounded by bustling police. Red and blue flashing lights from cars dominated my vision causing me to blink. You would of thought that someone had been murdered with all this attention around a random house.
I walked over and sat at the table slightly apprehensive, "What's this about?" I asked looking at Mycroft.
"I will pretend this never happened, I need to think, I don't want breakfast so do what you want just follow the rules. De-activate control" Sherlock said then walked off into his room. How was I going to defy him and the system if he was giving me my space with no orders.
I woke up the next morning and walked into the living room. I was surprised to see it was empty, Sherlock never slept that long. I sighed and made two cups of coffee, tea had less caffeine so wouldn't work as well. I grabbed a mug and went to Sherlock's bedroom.
"Well, just a word of advise, stay away from Sherlock Holmes. Do you know why he comes here? He is a psychopath this is what he gets off on and one of these days finding the killer won't be enough. One of these days we will be standing over a body and it will be him that put it there." She said startling me then left.
"I am well aware of whom you were speaking to Sherlock," Mycroft said to his brother who didn't move.
"Who are you and what have you done with Sherlock Holmes?" I asked with a smile and at that I felt him bite my neck and start to suck. I let out a moan as I felt the pain of the bite mix with the endorphins creating something euphoric that sent my mind crazy.
"I'm afraid I can't give you any pain killers for this because you are just a slave so bite on this instead," The doctor told me putting a strip of leather between my teeth which I was thankful for. I could have used it earlier because it took everything for me not to bite my tongue but better late then never. The doctor started to sort out by back but once again we reached a problem because I was a slave. "I almost forgot, I'm afraid because you are a slave I can't use any of the normal antiseptics because they have to be saved for normal people with rights, because it is easier to get and has a low cost I have to use hydrogen peroxide." The doctor said to me looking grim.
"Being whom I am, they decided it best to deactivate the chip so I could give an unbiased opinion on things. They couldn't have my opinion clouded, it would defeat the whole purpose of having me here. Now, even if I tell you to leave this alone I know you won't. I'm not going to help you, I can't, but I might answer some questions." Mycroft said before turning his back and walking back to sit in the chair behind his desk.
"Detective Inspector Lestrade, this is my assistant Doctor John Watson. He served in the army so I thought he might be helpful," Sherlock said confusing me but I tried to hide it; obviously he didn't want the police to know I was his slave, not that I knew why but that still doesn't explain how he knew I'm a doctor? I never told him I was an army doctor, where did he get that... It must have been from Mycroft, he would have know for sure.
Ummm... they have sex. That's pretty much it nothing really important happens until the end so if you don't want to read smut then just read the last paragraph.
In the back my mind I pondered what this could mean, does he have a thing for me, is it just my imagination, am I interpreting this the wrong way? If it was only lust then he could take me when ever he wanted because to the world I was little more than furniture; I would become a pleasure slave if my master asked for it and I would have no say, as always. The puzzling thing is that he hasn't take me yet so could that mean he cares about me? These thoughts and more go through my head every time I look at Sherlock but as always I dismiss them knowing even if I was correct, nothing would ever come of it. I was a slave and he was my master; any other relationship would just be wrong. Every time I dismiss the thoughts but before I do I ask myself the same question. Do I reciprocate the feelings? And even though I try not to answer, my reply is always the same.
"Well," I started forgetting my place, "I love you," I said at a whisper. I hadn't thought Sherlock had heard but a second later he had closed the little distance between us and his lips were on my mouth.
I looked to Sherlock unsure what to say but he seemed to be to preoccupied with his work to notice. In the end I decided on the truth seeing as Sherlock hadn't told me to hide my collar this time and Molly wasn't the police. I lifted my hand and pointed to my collar so it was unmistakable and looked at Molly to see her reaction.
What I saw drained the blood from my face and I was filled with fright. As long as I will live I will never get this horror out of my head.
"Why are you making this so difficult?" He said his voice menacing. I didn't sound like Sherlock at all and it took me a moment to understand why. He was so filled with lust that his judgment was being clouded. "It's like you want pain. Fine, I can't wait any longer. You want pain? I will make you scream you bloody masochist!"
I snapped the gloves over my hands and walked into the room. It took a few moments before what I saw registered in my mind. A dead man was laid on the floor, from what I could see he seemed to be mid-thirty's with black hair. He had a knife stuck in his chest with a piece of paper attached to it. Both the man's arms where laid out above him almost as if the man where trying to mime that is was 12 o'clock but it looked so unnatural that he must have been put in that position after death; the question was why would the killer do that?
After 30 minuets of uneventful rest I decided to go back downstairs, staying in my room was doing nothing for me. I sat down in the chair that had its back to the kitchen and rested my head in my hands. I stayed like this for what seemed like forever. The dread that filled me seemed to slow down time giving me more of a chance to think about what could happen to me. It turned seconds into minuets, minuets into hours, and hours into days. I would have been doing something to distract me but once again my body refused to more so I stayed how I was until I heard the door open and I saw Sherlock walk into the room.
"You're Sherlock's... slave," She stated, "Hmm, I didn't think he was that sort of person." She said quietly under her breath looking slightly disappointed and upset at the news.
I looked around and was impressed at what I had done given the time I had done it in. Most of the surfaces had been cleaned of rubbish leaving only dirty plates and several black bags on the floor. The table in the middle of the room still had some rubbish and dirty plates on it but that would only take a minuet to sort out.
"NO! No, no, no. I will not let you contaminate my crime scene!" A man, with strait dark brown/black hair slightly longer than Sherlock's and face red with rage, said walking up to us with a defiant tone.
After a minute the pain dulled and I nodded my head to Sherlock to say he could continue. He started to thrust into me, first gently but he picked up speed. Each time he slammed into me I half screamed half moaned in pain and pleasure.
"Okay what have you got, we need to catch this killer!" Lestrade said desperately looking at Sherlock.
I'm sorry for making you wait so long. I just haven't felt inspired to write. I managed to get a chapter written though, I felt too guilty leaving it the way I did. I hope you enjoy. Sorry if this chapter isn't as good, it's been a while.
Mycroft walked over to him and handed him a booklet, "Wouldn't want you to break him." He said before leaving.
"I have a theory but I not sure yet. Don't call for the doctors, that's an order. Just..." He said but he seemed too tired to continue. I knew what he wanted though. I walked over to the other side of the bed and laid down next to Sherlock. I wanted to call the doctors, I had to call for help, but I couldn't, so I laid next to Sherlock and waited until he was asleep to help him myself. It didn't take long. After a few minutes his breathing became even, I slowly moved off the bed to the bathroom to get supplies and walked quietly back to Sherlock. I wanted to wait a bit before I did anything; I didn't want to wake him. I set the things that were needed on the floor and, as soon as I thought I could do it without waking Sherlock, I started bandaging up his hands. He stirred a few times but other than that remained asleep. Breathing a sigh of relief when I was finished I sat on the floor next to the bed and watched Sherlock. The night dragged on but soon it was morning and I could see Sherlock starting to wake up.
Sherlock pulled away and looked me in the eyes. "John, I am your Master but I'm not going to order you to do this. If you want to then understand that I must have control in all things and I will not tolerate insubordination because as soon as you say yes you are mine. I want you completely and this is and will be the only time I will ask."
"What a ridiculous question, what do you think?" Sherlock said in his usual I'm smarter than you voice but it was quiet and strained. He didn't elaborate any further but I could guess.
"Well, well, I didn't think I would see the day when Sherlock Holmes got a slave." Sergeant Donovan said nastily appearing apparently out of no where. "I told John he should stay away from you but I guess he doesn't have a choice, oh well." She continued looking at Sherlock with utter hatred. Sherlock kept walking and eventually we got to a main road, hailed a cab, and left.
"Okay John, turn to face me," Mycroft said, "I assume you have finished?" He asked the doctor who nodded, "Okay then, follow me John" he said before walking away. I followed him out the room and along some corridors.
I heard Sherlock walk over to me and release my wrists. I didn't have the strength to stop from collapsing on the floor. I stayed where I was, my body limp and sprawled in a wet liquid on the floor. I managed to turn my head to see what I was lying in and saw red; I was lying in a shallow puddle of my own blood.
"I have an idea but the problem is proof." Sherlock looked frustrated so I didn't push him. He raised his hands to cover his face and scrunched up his eyes.
I felt Sherlock's hand lift my chin up. I was so shocked I froze but he pried my lips open with his and I snapped to my senses. Before I knew it I was kissing him back. I couldn't recall when I decided to kiss him but I was. We both fought for dominance, a battle of the tongue's in a fight; but it wasn't just that. It was a dance perfectly choreographed and beautiful in its entirety. Okay since did I start thinking like that.
"Well, maybe I could ask the right questions if you told me what the hell is wrong!" I said starting off normal and ending up yelling taking a step towards Sherlock.
I left the room quietly and carefully shut the door behind me not wanting to disturb Sherlock. I headed to my room and sat on my bed in thought. Did he really mean it? He can't love me. For one we are both men but then again when has Sherlock ever done something considered normal. If anything he tries to do the complete opposite. I suppose it is only natural that he would love someone in a way that went against social conventions; even though it is a little bit more normal now, meaning loving another man was no longer illegal but loving a slave on the other hand was. I sighed and laid down; I could think about it more in the morning.
"Is it bad, what do you think it was anyway?" I asked needing to know. I was edging closer on my seat, I was about to get answers.
"Very well," I heard the doctor say, I clenched my fists and shut my eyes, I knew what was to come. "John- pain setting 10" The pain was excruciating, I lost complete control of my body. I felt the floor beneath me as I let out a blood curdling scream. My whole body was on fire, I felt as if I was drowning in the lava that consumed my body; I struggled to breath as if my head had just sunk under the oncoming torrent of pain. Then suddenly the pain stopped, I curled into a ball trying to recover but I knew I wouldn't have long to rest.
"John," I heard him say behind me. I turned around to reply but he was fast asleep. "John, I love you. Don't leave me John," he continued so I decided to stay for a bit. He would never tell me things like this when fully conscious.
I nodded once and moved to crouch next to the body it was only then I could read the note, 'CNDHSTODMOTOMFELICEIMMCKANREK.' What the hell did that mean?
This might actually work, I could be free, I closed my eyes and tried to imagine what it would be like. Being able to walk out the house without all the judging stares of passers by as they noticed my collar, being able to do what I want without being punished. Even though I had only been a slave for a little while it seemed like a life time.
"Sherlock... I love you." I whispered. This seemed to shock him and for a moment I didn't think he would respond.
"Don't worry John, Sherlock is on his way. You see I knew what you were doing straight away but I was curious to see what Sherlock would do so I came here and waited for him to realise. Turns out Sherlock knew almost immediately, it was what he expected you to do, so we let you have a head start before coming for you. I had hoped you would try and run to some abolitionists so I could arrest some traitors at the same time, two birds with one stone I think some people call it, but Sherlock seemed to think you would try and get the tracker sorted first. Turns out he was right but that didn't stop me from hoping. Anyway, when I caught you I knocked you unconscious as you probably remember now, arrested that friend of yours, then brought you back here." He said quickly like when Sherlock when he does his deductions, then he sarcastically added, "Did you enjoy your little moment of freedom?"
"I want soup. You don't look to be the cooking type so look on my laptop over there," He said pointing, "You can search up the recipe and instructions." And then he left again walking into his room and slamming the door behind him.
The pain hit like a bomb; my back arched and I threw my head back letting out a scream before I hit the ground. My limbs betrayed me and I convulsed on the ground screaming and crying, I lost all sense of time, the pain could have been going on for days or even years for all I knew because the torture seemed to never end.
Eventually the pain dulled enough to understand what was going on. I looked around at the doctor but he stopped me. "Don't move. I'm stitching up your back so keep biting that leather."
"I love you to John," He said quietly and I knew it was the truth. This was so out of character for Sherlock that I actually laughed. After a few seconds I calmed down and listened out for Sherlock witty remark but none came. I positioned myself on my back and removed the blindfold. I was so tired I could fall asleep but I needed to see him. With a great effort I sat up and looked around.
"Alright," I said with a sigh and put his arm around my neck and put my hand on his waist to support him.
Mycroft strode into the room and I followed shutting the door behind me. A man with curly brown hair was laid on the sofa eyes closed with his hands together under his chin as if he was preying.
As we left the police fell silent again for a second then the noise started up as if nothing happened.
Sherlock walked over and heaved me onto the toilet seat so I was sitting up and knew what was happening. He left a moment later leaving me alone with my thoughts. I felt hopeless and weak, I couldn't even stop the only friend I had from beating me. No, not friend, master. He owned me and could do what he wanted with me. What was the point of running, I wouldn't be able to escape anyway, I should just accept my fate and who I was. I am a slave and my purpose in life is to make my master happy.
I'm so, so, so sorry for not updating! You have probably all abandoned me by now or hate me for what I did to John in the last chapter. I have been having writers block. Every time I sat down to write I could only write maybe a sentence and the characters were so OOC that I would end up getting rid of it. Also school work has prevented me from doing much but now it's the holidays I have managed to write a chapter although it's not very good, I need to get back into the flow of writing again. Sorry that this chapter is so short but I wanted to update as soon as possible. As always I welcome constructive criticism! Thanks. :D
"The bins are at the bottom of the stairs out the back and just behind the fence." Sherlock said not looking at me.
"No, no, no! You're not asking the right questions!" He almost yelled before throwing his legs off the sofa, standing up, and started pacing back and forth up and down the room. I stood to match him but stayed where I was with my arms crossed.
"Oh right, I should probably thank you. If not for your gift several years ago, it would still be active." For the first time, Mycroft turned to look at John with wide eyes, before turning to Sherlock.
We headed to the main road but got stopped by a woman with long curly brown hair who was looking at Sherlock in contempt.
"Haven't you noticed the pattern?" Sherlock said impatiently, "There was no need for me to even be here; you could have sent me a picture of the note to decipher which by the way says 'I'm getting bored now Sherlock' and I could have told you where and when to go to catch our killer."
Heading upstairs I looked to see if Sherlock was still in the chair but was taken aback when I saw it was empty. I looked around and located him lying on the sofa in the same position he had been in when I arrived.
"Breakfast and tea is ready, Master!" I yelled loud enough for him to hear. Sherlock came out a few moments later with a grimace on his face.
"Remove your shirt," He ordered walking over to me. As soon as I had the purple checked shirt off and in my hands it was snatched away from me then my view went black. Sherlock had wrapped the shirt around my head over my eyes blocking out my vision and I was just reaching up to remove it when I felt Sherlock grab my wrists and pinned them above my head. A moment later I felt cold hard metal around each of my wrists a hand cuff was secured around each of wrists then attached to the top of the bed. Wait, there was nothing to secure them to so what were the handcuffs attached to. I felt Sherlock then grab my legs and pull me down the bed immobilising me.
"Dear God, what is it like in your funny little brains? It must be so boring." Sherlock said looking around at us befuddled.
We walked along a few corridors then entered a mortuary where a short mousy haired woman was stood next to the body of Jeffrey Carmichael.
"No, no, no! You're not asking the right questions!" He almost yelled before throwing his legs off the sofa, standing up, and started pacing back and forth up and down the room. I stood to match him but stayed where I was with my arms crossed.
'BANG' I heard the door get blown off its hinges, my eyes flung open, a moment later I was surrounded by special forces police and Mycroft who was walking up to me.
About 20 minuets later the cab pulled up in front of a block of flats that looked so worn down it looked as if no one lived there. I paid the cab driver and went inside, it only took me a few minuets to find the right apartment and a moment later a tall middle aged man with greying hair and blue eyes was standing in the doorway.
I got up and went over to Sherlock's laptop, not for any reason I was just bored, and was surprised to see it wasn't password protected. Slowly a plan formed in my mind, if Sherlock wasn't near me then he couldn't order me and control me. As long as I never saw Sherlock, or Mycroft, then I would be okay but I could still be tracked. I went on the internet and searched for someone who could help; I knew a few people who left the army who were good with technology and lived nearby but who would help me. A few minuets later I had an address, how long would it be before Sherlock or Mycroft realised I had left. The only thing that still nagged at my mind was the mind control thing. If I started to run away would it make me come back here? In the end I dismissed the thought, Mycroft hadn't said anything about not being able to run once I got here. I walked over to where Sherlock's coat was hanging and grabbed a bunch of notes out of his pocket and put it away, 'Sherlock wouldn't be needing that,' I thought before grabbing my coat and scarf and left.
"First, I need to see if my brother is aware of what's going on. Come on John," Sherlock said walking towards the door. "And don't forget your scarf!"
I saw Sherlock smile and get off the bed. I was already missing his warmth and I shivered despite still being fully clothed. My eyes followed Sherlock as he removed his shirt and I felt my mouth hang open when I saw him. I knew Sherlock was doing something like exercise when he went out but I just assumed it was him following a lead or something. His abs where slowly revealed as he undid each button and I felt my mouth go dry.
I stood there thinking, would Sherlock do that, it doesn't matter whether he would or not because either way it was impossible for me to leave.
One hour later Sherlock was completely drunk and I decided that, that was enough. He was so drunk he probably wouldn't even stop me taking him home and stepping out of line.
Over the next few days we barely spoke other for him to give me orders or for me to ask permission to do so. Conversation was kept to a minimal, as it should be between a master and his slave, I was Sherlock's property and not his friend. What ever relationship we may have had before had vanished. He no longer took me to crime scenes so through out the day my only company was Mrs Hudson who was still nice to me. Sherlock and I settled into a comfortable routine where we knew what we were doing so as to avoid conversation. In the morning my alarm would wake me up. I would walk downstairs and cook breakfast, according to the menu we had worked out, I would wait for him to eat before I indulged myself then washed up. At that point Sherlock would either leave for the police station or Bart's hospital, or stay in the living room and wait for clients. I would clean up the house, cook dinner for us both then go to bed. The routine bored me but at least I had something to keep my mind busy. If I had nothing to do my mind would be filled with depressing thoughts of hopelessness. I couldn't escape. I would never be able to get the collar out my head. I would be tracked where ever I went, caught, then probably tortured for running away. I couldn't go to anyone for fear they would get arrested and even if I did manage to run away and stay free I would never be able to settle down and have a family. I was broken in spirit. There was no going back. Sherlock and I would never be able to repair the relationship that we had and in all honesty I didn't want to. He was my master, not my friend, and I didn't want to make that mistake again.
"Yes the arms tell us when this person died but we all already knew that, the next killing will be at 9 o'clock tomorrow it only makes sense because first 12, then 3, now 6, but it is where they were killed that's interesting." Sherlock said excitedly, "Its the location! Oh there is nothing I like more than a compulsive serial killer who just wants to get caught. Look at a map, our killer is basically telling us where he will kill next, he is drawing a square! But anyway I haven't asked John to examine this body yet so..." He said gesturing to the body but I had, had enough.
I looked at the clock and was surprised to see it was 5 o'clock. I had better go to the shops and get some food.
"Your haircut says military, of course that could be just a preference if it weren't for your tan. Stops at the wrists and around the collar so not sunbathing, no one would sunbathe in a shirt or say a military uniform. Then there is the way you hold yourself, proud but with that thousand mile stare that only someone who was or is in the military would have. There are only two places were the army have been sent recently that could have caused that sort of tan. Hence the question Afghanistan or Iraq." Sherlock said quickly and sharply before turning away.
"Follow me John and put on the gloves on your way in," Sherlock said entering the house putting gloves on himself.
The phone rang cutting Sherlock off, "Where?" he asked quickly then hung up and headed to the door, "Come on John."
"You already know which one I'm going to pick, you're not leaving me much option" I said looking down, my voice getting quieter and quieter, "looks like I'm... I'm... going to become a... a slave" I said my voice breaking off. "you're not going to change your mind are you?" I asked my voice barley audible.
Sherlock and I still weren't how we used to be but our relationship had improved. I was going to crime scenes with Sherlock, much to the polices disproval, and helping him with cases but we never forgot who we were. I was his slave and he was my master so we could never be friends.
I snorted at that before, I could help myself, and received another glare making me shift uncomfortably in my seat. "My brother needs a slave more than I do. The first thing you need to know about my brother is that he has never had a slave. He doesn't trust himself with one because he tends to get a bit carried away with things but I'm sure you will do fine," he said smiling at me. The smile looked so forced it morphed his face into something that no longer looked human. "Just because he has never had a slave don't think you can get away with things, about a week ago I spoke to him and taught him how to treat a slave."
I knew I wouldn't be able to get away with it but I had hoped Sherlock wouldn't do it in public in front of the police. Before the pain hit I saw both Anderson and Sergeant Donovan look at me in shock and I caught Lestrade's eye before I screamed for the second time today. My legs gave out from under me and I collapsed to the floor. The pain felt worst this time as if every single time I had been given pain in the past had been added up then dumped on me all at once. Other than that the pain was indescribable. When eventually the pain stopped I was shaking on the ground, tears flowing freely, I looked around, Sherlock looked livid but everyone else just looked shocked. It was at that point I noticed my scarf had fallen off exposing my collar. For some reason I felt more exposed than ever and I rubbed my hand against my neck, where the metal touched it, unconsciously.
After I was satisfied with everything I decided it was about time I took a tour of the house. I discovered a bathroom next to what I guessed was Sherlock's room and a small empty bedroom upstairs which I assumed to be were I would sleep.
About 10 minute later Sherlock came out of the bed room with his hand up to block out the light. He stumbled over to the curtains and shut them darkening the room slightly.
"John, catch," Sherlock said throwing something silver to me. It was a silver collar and on the back of it by the latch was a key hole and next to that a little silver hoop as if something was meant to clip on there. "Put it on," He said walking past me to sit in one of his chairs in the living room.
I collapsed to the ground from the shock and my rage quickly dissipated into nothingness; in the pain I realised I wasn't really angry at Mycroft, I was angry at myself for trusting him. Those were the only thoughts going through my head other then how bad the pain was. I refrained from screaming but I couldn't help from writhing on the floor in agony as it consumed my entire being. It was only after a minuet did I realise Mycroft had said, "Pain off," It was almost as if it hadn't registered in my head but when it did I was confused if Mycroft had stopped the pain why was I still feeling it. Then I realised the pain wasn't coming from the collar, it was coming from my own thoughts, I was torturing myself.
"And you John, when were you going to tell me you were Sherlock's slave?" He said turning his attention to me this time.
I felt my erection spring free and I had an immediate sense of relief at no longer being confined. I heard the sound of Sherlock undressing also before he opened my leg and move between them. I could tell he was on his hands and knees because his hand were grabbing the sides of my hips keeping them still.
"Sure," Molly said quietly. It was only then she seemed to notice me, "Hello, I'm Molly, are you a friend of Sherlock's or something?" She asked.
The bed was a mess. It was covered in blood and semen but I didn't care. I smiled a genuine smile for the first time remembering what just happened and turned to face Sherlock.
Sherlock walked over to me and pushed me onto the bed pinning my arms above my head and kissed me. I kissed him back but reflexively struggled against his grip causing him to lean onto me, completely pinning me to the bed. Being submissive like this wasn't my strong suit and I fought to gain dominance and I could tell Sherlock liked my struggle because as he leaned into me I felt a lump between his legs push against me.
55 minuets later I was running up the stairs. I was sure I was out of time, I didn't have a watch so I couldn't be sure. I burst through the door and looked at the clock. Sighing in relief I realised I still had 3 minuets left.
"I thought I told you to stay in bed next to me," Sherlock said sounding almost back to his normal self.
After I realised this I managed to control myself and come back to my senses. I looked up and saw Mycroft towering over me hands behind his back. "Please come and sit back down we have a lot to talk about," He said before walking back to the table and taking a seat.
"Sherlock?" I asked tentatively. I still didn't know what happened but I needed to know he was okay.
"Oh no, not yet. You are not to come until I tell you," Sherlock said above me and I could just imagine his smug look. A moment later I was flipped onto my front, so my arms where crossed, and my legs where  pushed under me so I was on me knees with my upper body lying on the bed. I felt Sherlock lean off the bed and to grab something and a moment later a wet substance was applied to my opening.
, "Yes, Master" although I was surprised when it came out as an embarrassing moan. I felt me cheeks go hot as Sherlock chuckled dominantly. He was the one in control and he knew it. I was helpless to him, I was at his mercy. I was so used to being dominant in this part of my life that now that I have no choice but to be submissive I was falling apart at the seams.
"No," I said, the words had barely left my lips when the pain started. I shuddered and brought my knees up to my chest, I wasn't getting up.
I looked up at James expecting him to throw me out or something but he surprised me. He looked at me in sympathy and said, "Don't worry I will try and help you even if it means I get arrested for this,"
"What are you doing, Master?" I asked looking at him concerned. Sherlock ignored me. I decided it was not my place and stepped back. Sherlock knew full well what he was getting himself into and I wouldn't be able to stop him.
"I'm sorry, I couldn't stop him..." She started, apologising but before she could finish Mycroft waved his hand and she scurried out.
Before we got to there another man came striding out. "Glad you made it Sherlock, he's right inside." The new man said gesturing to the house but then paused looking at me and pointing, "One sec, who's he?"
When I entered the apartment I was surprised by the time, it was almost 7 o'clock, it hadn't felt like much time had passed. I looked around the flat to find Sherlock but he was no where in sight. In the end I decided to get some sleep, I didn't care that I hadn't been given permission, I didn't care that I should stay up to make Sherlock dinner, none of that mattered any more! From now on I was going to fight this enslavement with all of my being. I went up to my room and fell asleep immediately on the bed, tomorrow would be a long painful day.
"I thought I told you to stay in bed next to me," Sherlock said sounding almost back to his normal self.
"Brother mine!" Sherlock said pushing open the doors to an office and walking in. I followed behind him although not because I was his slave, but because he had long legs and walked quickly. The room was large and ornate with a big desk on the other side with Mycroft sitting behind it, at the sound of the doors opening he looked up from the laptop on his desk. I didn't get a chance to have a close look at the room because a moment later Sherlock started talking.
"Follow me," Sherlock ordered stiffly walking through the living room and kitchen to the bathroom not bothering to look at me or even tell me off for breaking his rule of not sitting on the furniture. I felt my body comply although I told it not to and felt my legs drag me to the room.
The first half of the day went smoothly enough, there were a few phone calls about the case and Sherlock had to leave the apartment a few times. I didn't get invited to come so I spent the time talking to Mrs Hudson who didn't seem to care that I was a slave, she even gave me some help with the tidying which suited me because it gave me some pleasant company.
I knew all the way home that there was more punishment awaiting me and it made me shiver. I didn't want it to happen but I could see no way of avoiding it. The only thought that settled my mind was that Sherlock had never punished me that bad before so maybe he cared. Just maybe he cared enough not to go to far. I turned to Sherlock and saw his blank expression, I wasn't going to get much information from looking at him, so I turned to face the window and tried not to think about what would happen when we got back to the apartment. I had to escape again surely I can come up with a better plan.
"Hello, Sergeant Donovan, that's a big word are you sure you know how to use it? Anyway no this is my colleague Doctor John Watson now if you don't mind I have a case to solve," He replied walking past her to the main road.
"Umm..." I said unconsciously and Sherlock smirked. I was sitting up in the bed when he gave me a hard look. I knew what he was saying but ignored him. Sighing he walked over to where he had dropped the bag and went through it. I couldn't see what was in the bag my I felt my cheeks go red as he pulled out two handcuffs.
If looks could kill I would be lying on the floor next to the dead body with the look Sherlock gave me but for some reason he replied, "There are 29 letters, if you make a five by five grid but with four spaces to the side going down for the spare letters and then place these letters going across then read it going down the columns it makes a sentence." Then he looked to Lestrade, "Are you saying no one saw that?"
I looked at the body to try to find the pattern Sherlock was talking about but couldn't see one. The body was laid on the floor like the others with its arms in awkward positioned. One arm was above his head the other by his side so it looked like he was saying 6 o'clock. He had a knife threw his heart with a note attached that said 'ITBNEMTOORGIRWLENESOCTGDHK' and he had a similar complexion to the other victims.
I would also like to give credit to VelvetMace and her story Collared as it is from reading that story that I got most of my inspiration. You may find mine is rather similar in places but a lot of the similarities are coincidence as I had this idea before reading it. However, if you like my story I would definitely recommend reading Collared.
"I knew it," He said in a deadly tone. I felt the bed move as a positioned himself on the bed. I could feel him lean down to me so his lips where by my ear. "This will hurt a lot," He warned almost nicely but I could hear the sadistic side in his tone.
"Yes, yes I know. Thank you for stating the obvious. When I said go away I was talking only to you, not to the slave. Leave him and go." Sherlock said bluntly.
"What do you mean, 'you have no idea what you are meddling in'?" Sherlock asked before also taking a seat. I hadn't moved and wasn't planning to until Sherlock called. "John take a seat." Sighing, I did as he said and took the seat next to Sherlock. Mycroft raised an eyebrow but didn't say a thing. He turned back to face Sherlock before replying.
"Then why are you still here," He said, "Unless you are about to tell me you really need my help with something and by the way the answer would be no," He stood up and walked past Mycroft to the door. "No? Then bye bye." He continued opening the door and turning to Mycroft.
I felt the tip moisten from the pre-come but then Sherlock let go causing me to whimper again at the absence of his hand. The whimper quickly became gasp of pleasure as he took me in his mouth and started to suck moving up and down deep throating me. I struggled against my restraints, not to try to stop him but to try and get at least some control. I wanted to put my hands on his head and hold his hair to control the motion but with the cuffs in place I was helpless. Completely at his mercy. The metal dug into my skin and a moment later I felt something warm slid down my wrists. It took me a moment to relise it was blood. Once that realisation hit me I felt the pain of it, an almost burning sensation starting from my wrists driving up my arm. However the pain felt different, mixed with the endorphins it created a sense of euphoria again even stronger than before and it blew my mind away.
"Oh, pleased to meet you," The Inspector said only half interested, "Sherlock, you have 5 minuets," then he walked off.
"S-S-Sherlock, I'm gonna... I-I-I'm gonna... c-come!" I stuttered out. I knew he was close to because it just made him pound into me harder.
"Pain off, activate control," As soon as the pain shut off I looked at Sherlock who seemed furious. "John, get up." Sherlock ordered, I barely had a chance to register what was happening, I found myself standing up and getting of the chair. So much for not moving.
"And off course if you can't be bothered to say that full sentence or you are just to angry to say it you could tell him to heel instead and it would give him the same pain as if you had said pain setting 5 but where is the fun is that. Now stand up John" I heard the doctor say but I ignored him and just curled tighter into a ball. Sharp pain spread through my limbs but quickly left not leaving me enough time to react. "This would be a good point to show you the mind control option, you simply say 'Activate control' then 'John' finally say the command so for example to make him stand up you say authoritatively 'John- stand up'" As soon as the doctor said it I lost all control of my body I stood up. I tried everything to make my body stop but it was as if I was a puppet on a string, I simply had no control, I felt helpless as if the last bit of my free will had been taken away. But I was still me and that was all that mattered! "Then when you have finished just say, 'De-activate control' and it will be as it was."
"You know you should really call before coming over. I also let you in, the least you could do is thank me" She said calling after us.
"On my way," Sherlock said to him through the phone then hung up. "Come John, there is another one," Sherlock said leaving the apartment, "Don't forget to grab a scarf!" Sherlock yell back to me. I grabbed the blue scarf by the door then left following Sherlock.
It was difficult, because he couldn't actually see the implant and because it was in my brain he couldn't do anything manually, but eventually after about an hour of attempting and failing he came up with an idea.
"The name is Sherlock, and unless we are in public with your collar on show, that is how you should call me." I was taken slightly aback by this. I couldn't help but get the feeling that something had changed. Sherlock walked into the kitchen, grabbed both of our plates before sitting down at the table putting my plate on the table by the seat next to him. "Sit and eat. I can't stand the noises your stomach makes when you are hungry." I hesitated, but only for a second before sitting down. I waited for Sherlock to start eating before digging in myself, something had definitely changed. I decided to ignore it for now but if anything else changed I would ask. I watched Sherlock eat out of the corner of my eye. Usually he didn't finish his food, or eat at all for that matter, but when I next looked over at his plate it was empty. Putting it down to needing energy from last nights activities, I dismissed the abnormality of the act and continued eating. After I finished I washed up and Sherlock assumed his thinking position on the couch. I kept an eye on him while I tidied. I wanted to confront him about last night, about everything, the good and... the bad, but it wasn't my place. I didn't know how things were going to change. So I was keeping to what I knew; being the invisible slave, the furniture. But I wasn't anymore. Sherlock said he loved me. He showed my last night. So what was I now? All these thoughts swam through my head as I appeared to look busy, finding dirt in everything and insisting that it needed to be cleaned. I was procrastinating. I needed to talk to Sherlock, but first I needed to know what happened last night to cause... I looked over at Sherlock and saw him staring at me. Feeling daring, I walked over to the chair by the laptop, picked it up, brought it over to the sofa and sat down in it so I was more on level with Sherlock. I was daring him to say something, willing him to show me if anything had changed. He didn't say a word. He just kept looking at me.
I took him on his word that I couldn't run away. What was the point anyway, I had no where to go. I walked slowly to the car and within half an hour I was at the apartment. I walked inside and was met by Mrs Hudson.
I sat across the table from Mycroft trying to avoid his gaze. I should have died in the army, the fact I was shot and only injured complicated things a little. I was meant to give my life for the county in war and in return my sister Harry would be looked after and not made a slave due to her debt but now I'm not in the army, I'm useless, and now my sister is in danger of becoming what I have tried to protect her from. I knew the ultimatum was coming.
"SHERLOCK!" I screamed as I came all over the bed. Watching me come must have been to much because a moment later gave his last thrust into me and moan as he spent himself soothing my insides.
"I suppose then that you should go and stand near Sherlock in case he needs something," Molly said before walking away.
"It's like a micro-chip." Sherlock said turning to me and walking closer. "When we are young we don't understand what is going on, we don't even really have an opinion. We believe what our parents believe, we think as our parent think. When you are young you are not your own person. As you get older these things changed. You start to get your own opinion on things. But the government can't have this. If children can think for themselves then they can start to oppose the natural order of things, slavery being a big issue. We are brought up with slavery all around us, but what if the children didn't agree. 10 years down the line slavery gets abolished because too many people have an opinion. The government can't have this, no, no, no, no. They make far too much money from it. The only way to tackle this is to change how these children think before they become older. So all children aged 7 or over get an operation, much like yours, where a... um micro-chip, gets implanted in their brains to adapt the way they think. Slavery is a good thing they are made to think. Of course these chips are disabled when you are about to become a slave. There is no point having them in slaves because they are not meant to have an opinion anyway, there is nothing that they can do; it would just be a waste of money. Anyway, all things have a fault. The micro-chips are meant to make us agree with slavery and all it stands for, but what if we go against it, even without meaning to, what if someone with the micro-chip loved a slave. Last night I admitted my love to you. The microchip tried to change my mind but failed and broke. While it was trying to change my mind I was in agony, when it failed and broke, it released me. The blood coming out of ear just proves it. I have had this idea for a while but my mind would always be changed, almost against my will, I have looked into it but then was forced to stop. Then I was freed and could think about it all I want. It's the only thing that makes sense. I feel different now. I no longer feel the need to punish you for going against the rules, or to command you to do things. I don't feel like you are my slave anymore, so while we are in private you can act how you want but in public we need to keep up the pretence." Throughout his whole speech I was rendered mute. I couldn't believe it.
"My head, John?" Sherlock said and I knew what he was asking for. I walked to the cupboard and pulled out the paracetamol. I turned around to find his eyes fixed on me. Once again I felt my face warm up and I ignored it but I could tell Sherlock noticed, he cocked his head slightly but said nothing. I walked over and passed him the paracetamol. Before I could turn away he grabbed my wrist and looked into my eyes, in my position I knew I shouldn't but I stared back and lost myself in them. I felt my heart beat speed up and suddenly my trousers became slightly too tight. That did not help my situation and I felt my cheeks heat up even more. I could tell he was looking into my pupils to see if they dilated, he did the same thing with Irene and I hoped against hope that my body wouldn't betray me. Of course since when did any of us have control over our bodies to such a degree.
"Why...?" I asked then droned off in realisation. It was because Sherlock loved me, there would be no other way to convince Mycroft to help otherwise. I changed topics quickly. "I assume we are going to the surveillance room?" I asked. Sherlock rolled his eyes at my obvious stupidity, which I ignored, and continued onward. After several long corridors and three flights of stairs, we made it to the surveillance room and stood outside.
"Not now Mrs Hudson," Mycroft said cutting her off and walking in. I followed up the stairs and he stopped outside a door.
Okay, I owe you an apology. I'm sorry for the lack of chapters, I can't even promise that I'm back. I'm very busy but I write when I can. This chapter may not be the best, I haven't spent as much time on it as I spent on the rest of the story because I wanted to get it up on the website as quickly as I could. I felt really bad leaving it on the cliff hanger I did, this one isn't as bad. I don't think I'm near finishing the story yet but we're getting there. As always, constructive criticism is welcome. I hope you enjoy!
I kept my head down and didn't reply not knowing whether I should or not seeing as the question was directed to Sherlock and not myself.
"I have no clue what you are talking about." Mycroft replied walking around his desk so he was in front of Sherlock. They were no more than a meter apart, both glaring daggers at each other. I just stayed back not wanting to get involved.
After breakfast I sat on the sofa deciding what to do. The only thing I knew was that I wasn't going to follow Sherlock's rules, I was going to be so annoying that he would have to set me free. It wasn't much of a plan but it was the best I had.
"It's like a micro-chip." Sherlock said turning to me and walking closer. "When we are young we don't understand what's going on, we don't even really have an opinion. We believe what our parents believe, we think as our parent think. When you are young you are not your own person. As you get older these things changed. You start to get your own opinion, but the government can't have this. If children can think for themselves then they can start to oppose the natural order of things, slavery being a big issue. We are brought up with slavery all around us, but what if the children didn't agree. 10 years down the line slavery gets abolished because too many people have an opinion. The government can't have this, no, no, no, no. They make far too much money from it. The only way to tackle this is to change how these children think before they become older. So all children aged 7 or over get an operation, much like yours, where a... um micro-chip, gets implanted in their brains to adapt the way they think. Slavery is a good thing they are made to think. Of course these chips are disabled when you are about to become a slave. There is no point having them in slaves because they are not meant to have an opinion anyway, there is nothing that they can do; it would just be a waste of money. Anyway, all things have a fault. The micro-chips are meant to make us agree with slavery and all it stands for, but what if we go against it, even without meaning to, what if someone with the micro-chip loved a slave. Last night I admitted my love for you. The microchip tried to change my mind but failed and broke. While it was trying to change my mind I was in agony, when it failed and broke, it released me. The blood coming out of ear just proves it. I have had this idea for a while but my mind would always be changed, almost against my will, I have looked into it but then was forced to stop. Then I was freed and could think about it all I want. It's the only thing that makes sense. I feel different now. I no longer feel the need to punish you for going against the rules, or to command you to do things. I don't feel like you are my slave anymore, so while we are in private you can act how you want but in public we need to keep up the pretence." Throughout his whole speech I was rendered mute. I couldn't believe it.
"My wallets on the side, the pin for my debit card is 4429. I think this would be a good point to add that you are wearing a tracker so don't try to run and be back here in an hour. If you are not your collar will make you finish what you are doing and come back. I'm evidently talking about the internal collar not the one that you could easily take off. Bye bye." Sherlock said helpfully.
"Yes, Master," I replied dutifully and headed into his room and a few minutes later Sherlock joined me carrying a bag. "What's that?" I asked curiously and as I expected I was ignored.
"First, I need to see if my brother is aware of what's going on. Come on John," Sherlock said walking towards the door. "And don't forget your scarf!"
It had been two years since Sherlock punished me for that first dreadful time. Since then things haven't been the same. Every time I look in the mirror I am reminded that I am a slave, I'm not equal to everyone else; I am practically furniture, no I am furniture. The first few months where the worst but this past year things have been different. Every time Sherlock looks at me I see a strange look in his eyes that he quickly hides. It reminded me of when I was a teenager, chasing after girls, a look of lust but restraint.
We pull away from each other far to soon for my liking. He seems almost scared of me now, skittish, and he instantly opens the space between us. He walks briskly to his chair before awkwardly sitting down, crossing and uncrossing his legs over and over again. His face is still pale and he is shivering all over, I can practically hear his ribs rattling. He somehow looks simultaneously 20 years older and younger that he really is. I stay standing still, looking down at him. My arms feel empty without him in them now, and it feels wrong and I want to hug him again. Instead I cling onto the doorframe to the kitchen in a desperate attempt to stabilise myself.
“Before Sherlock passed – or whatever he did, it was clear that you felt… affectionate towards him. More so than flat mates tend to; more so than friends tend to.”
"Sherlock. I know what you did and I just want you to know... I'm here. For you. If you... need it."
I come out of the station, looking around to see the vibrant lights and alive nightlife of central London. Squinting at my phone, I read the address. I do not recognise the street, so I wander around a bit, before deciding to ask someone. I tap the shoulder of a young girl with vibrant green hair and several piercings.
Fuck it, I think, and grab Sherlock’s wrist in my own. This may be the only chance I get to have intimate contact with him so why not make the best of it. I pull his hand into my lap and begin to trace my fingers up the side of his thumb, reaching the top and tracing down the other side. I do this to every one of his fingers before moving down to his wrist. This seems to shock him and he tries to pull away but I keep my grip firm. I run my index finger over the top of his wrist, and begin to trace the whole way round. When I reach the pulse I notice that it is elevated and Sherlock is pulling away more forcefully now. He seems desperate to hide something. Suddenly I reach a rough patch in his wrist – a huge scar, layered over lots of smaller, more faded ones. It takes a moment to click in my brain before I realise what these scars must mean. Some are still slightly scabbed over meaning he must have recently tried to…
His face is illuminated in the bright light and his hand is still clenched in my jacket, and I would happily stay in this moment forever. But it is gone in one second…
Sherlock’s breathless voice bursts through my mobile, a flurry of eloquently spoken words and heavy breaths.
I think, in a way, that I had always loved Sherlock Holmes. That the glances to the side whilst looking over his shoulder at a laptop, the prolonged touches, the lingering gazes were all building up to something beautiful. If he hadn’t gone and killed himself then god knows where we might be.
This room is empty, and the walls are a deep red. It is significantly quieter than the main part of the club, but the vibrations of the music still pump through my body.
I bet Sherlock has absolutely no idea what it is doing to me, these casual touches. I can already feel myself getting breathless, and hope my arousal is not clear. If it is, it wouldn’t matter anyway considering Sherlock is far to interested in talking to the suspect to notice my dilated pupils and flushed face.
My heart sinks and I turn my phone off and throw it onto the sofa like a child having a tantrum. Having never been particularly coordinated I miss and it hits the wall and then the floor with two loud crashes. I wince, waiting to see whether Mary will rise. Just when I think I'm safe:
When Sherlock died - or didn't I suppose I couldn't deal with the pain. It was like nothing I had ever felt before, every bash and scrape and gunshot I had ever seen or felt replayed and amplified in my head.
Suddenly I remind myself of the night at the bar and my eyes quickly dart down to his wrists. I feel bad for thinking about those long fingers intertwined in mine but I cannot help it and I imagine that they are there now. I can practically feel the charged electricity in my arm. I drag myself away from my imagination and try to get a look at his wrists.
I snap my head up, taken aback by the politeness, the formality, the un-sherlockness of his tone. I have composed myself now, and am standing awkwardly by the window, unsure of what to do with myself. I want to scream at him, cry, hit the wall, hit his perfect face and his perfect body for being so normal. I don't. I just shake my head.
My phone buzzes and my heart does a little dance in my chest. Maybe it's him. Maybe he's finally replying to the 87 texts I've sent him since it happened. I dare myself to pick up my phone and squint at the bright light of the screen.
I feel Sherlock’s breath on my face momentarily, before I am dragged off between purple curtains, into a buzzing room. The bar is on the far side, and is crowded with people, each one shining with a sheen of sweat, illuminated and glistening in the flashing lights. However, it appears that if anyone wants to get through to the bar, they will have to shove through hundreds of bodies, all dancing together to the infectious beat blaring out of the huge speakers that loom over the flashing dance floor. I glance at Sherlock before deciding to take hold of his arm and lead him off to a more quiet room.
"Why were you scared, John?" He asks, sounding genuinely inquisitive. I wince, despite being happy that he has at least a bit of his spark still in him.
What she is saying finally kicks in and all of my defensive walls build themselves up in a matter of seconds.
We sit in silence for a long time, him staring out the window. I am used to long stretches of silence with Sherlock but this is different. It has never been awkward before, not like this. I study him, his perfectly chiselled face which is whiter than normal. My eyes follow down the neck to his porcelain chest. I can see his rib cage, more prominent than ever now. I frown - he hasn't been eating. I wouldn't be surprised if he hasn't eaten all week. This doesn't seem the right time to bring it up though so I stay quiet.
"Are you having bad dreams again john?" I don't know why but this really irritates me. She sounds like my mother, not my wife. I sigh loudly and she comes to the door, bleary eyed.
"You were the only one who never called me that," he says softly, and with that, he stalks off into his bedroom.
It was Greg who found me, sitting in a ball in the bathroom with a razor by my side and tears in my eyes.
I look up at him, shocked, and he stares back before pulling his hand away incredibly quickly, moving his sleeve down, as if he can undo what I have seen – or, rather, felt. He stands up abruptly and this shocks the small man sitting across from us. He frowns as Sherlock’s chair clatters against the wooden floorboards, and he stands to. The two men look at each other briefly before Sherlock turns his head away and then his body. With a dramatic sweep of his coat he runs out the door.
I realise that I have stopped dead in the middle of the street, my hands lifting up my shirt. My eyes flit down to the scars and this simple act breaks the glassy tear that glaze my eyes. I lean against the nearest lamppost and begin to cry properly, small sniffs turning to throaty, ugly sobs.
This appears to amuse her for some reason, and she looks at her two friends – a tall and skinny awkward looking boy in a dashing bright purple suit and a short stocky girl wearing a blue polka dot dress. They look like something from an old film. They grin back at her.
We talk for a while, meaningless words, utterly useless conversation – until Ella changes her stance and I can tell that we are about to get into the serious stuff. The whole atmosphere of the room changes; shifts to somber and stern. She leans forward in her chair, smiling slightly.
That was he first time it happened, well, it was when Sherlock came back. I was angry at first, so angry, fire coursing through my veins. But as I lay in bed that night, next to the woman I loved, I thought of why I was angry. There was the pain. There was the loss, the emotional turmoil, but, mostly, there was regret. There was disappointment in knowing what could have been, what should have been. If I had known, if he had given me one word, perhaps it would be different. I had glanced over at Mary, and I remember wondering if I would still be with her at all had Sherlock not faked his death. I was wondering if maybe, just maybe, I would be with Sherlock instead.
My legs start towards 221b before my brain even catches up with them and before I realise, I'm halfway there. I must look insane, stomping through central London in the middle of the night in just my pyjama bottoms and coat. I turn round the corner at Baker Street and fumble with my keys before finding the spare.
The thing was, it wasn't just the grief at him not being there, it was the grief of not saying. I like to think that we both knew what was coming, that something more that friendship was bubbling under the floors of 221b. It was the sideways glances, the slightly flushed cheeks - not enough to give much away but enough to notice. It was the constant contact - not meaningful or sexual contact but just contact that was always there. And yet every time he touched me - every time he still touches me - fireworks danced on my skin.
Of course, having always identified as heterosexual, I quickly pushed these thoughts out of my head. I told myself that I was being ridiculous, that it was just the shock of seeing him again after all these years, after all of this pain. I shoved those thoughts out of my head as soon as they entered and for that I will always be eternally regretful.
I lose it. In three quick paces I am in front of him delivering a sharp slap to his face. He looks at me as if I have just murdered a puppy in front of him and for some reason this is not enough so I slap him again. We are nose to nose now and my whole body is trembling with anger.
