“How dare you?” Steve bellowed back with all the force of an angered bull, “How dare you call yourself a hero, a patriot, when you condemn the freedom of the greatest emotion in the world.” Steve gestured around, “Love.”
After ninety minutes they left the woods and headed up the track into the mountains pausing every so often to take photos of the woods and lake below them.
“That, and make sure that on said date night, you are clean and presentable, and that you show up on time, not on Tony Stark time, which is three hours late.”
“Of course they are.” Pepper said, “A Dad is relatable, its something that people can easily understand and relate to. Seeing Steve act as a Father is bound to resonate with people more than his actions as a Superhero. That, while impressive, is something to be awed by not related to, a Father, that’s something people know and deal with everyday.”
Natasha was naturally earning a great deal of male attention, she might be an Alpha, but her curvaceous figure made her look more like a Beta woman rather than the typically flat chested whip cord lean figures that female Alphas were prone to.
Hydra Base.
Wetting his lips Tony retracted the face plate, ordering Friday to remove the suit and stand down.
“Why Mamma?” Zach choked out, blood and soot spilling from his lips, “Why didn’t you save me?”
Compound.
Tony shrugged, “That Obie was a big man, that he was much older than me, and that he was very close with Howard.”
Supporting himself on his hands and knees Tony began to move his hips to meet each thrust, hissing in pleasure as Steve’s teeth grazed his bonding gland, as he wasn’t in heat it was not swollen but it was still sensitive and Steve’s teeth teasing at the flesh sent shudders down his spine.
“How old is Santa if Santa has lived for so long?” Zach asked sleepily as he was tucked into bed.
“Oh my God, oh my God, I’m gonna be a Father!” Steve panted, “I’m… a baby.. it’s a baby!”
“Nat, you remembered I like chilli and French Toast!”
“To take you out.” Steve said, “He is your guardian Alpha isn’t he?”
When they’d arrived back at the compound a year ago things had been tense and difficult and while they didn’t want to the rest of the team had to leave after just a few hours or risk being arrested.
Tony picked Zach up and balanced him on his hip so he could talk to him face to face without killing his back.
Naturally there were some takers, and several articles were printed about how this person or that person had seen Steve and Tony together when collecting or dropping off Peter, how Peter seemed to be developing too much of an attachment to Steve, which they assumed was only to be expected when the only guardian he’d had since his Uncle and Aunts death, was Tony Stark.
Tony’s smile was positively evil, “I can promise that.”
Suddenly Hulk let out a roar either of distress or anger, either way it worked, as suddenly Tony’s eyes flew open and coughed and panted, “What the hell, please tell me nobody kissed me!”
“We’ll be good.” Sam agreed. Natasha glared at them both menacingly as they took their seats on the other side of Bruce to keep away from her.
“I know.” Tony said shooting Peter a concerned look, but there was also a hint of anger there. “So what happens now?” He asked, “Your office said a weeks suspension?”
Under no circumstances will the following topics be raised:
He gave Peter the room closest to his bedroom and Zach’s nursery, insisting on Peter choosing how he wanted it decorated and having all of Peter’s possessions brought from his Uncle and Aunt’s apartment and put in the room.
Clint lifted his chin defiantly, “You are not the boss of me.” Natasha rose an eyebrow and held out her phone for Clint to see the screen, which showed Youtube Upload.
“It does go quick.” Steve said, he nudged Tony’s thigh with his knee, “Open the box.”
“Yeah,” Steve’s smile was back and it was like the sunshine coming after a long and heavy downpour. “That’d be great.” His chest puffed out, he was so pleased with himself, “My first real Dance Date.”
So stop your behaviour now and think of what your actions today or tomorrow or next week might mean for you in ten years time, when you want to go to Harvard or Yale. Do you really want to throw your future away just so you can torment someone?
“I had no idea she’d do that.” Tony said to Steve. “I mean it’s not like I really am her Father, but I guess I look similar enough for her to think I am.” Steve nodded, blinking back a suspicious shimmer in his eyes,
“I flew with my Tony plenty of times.” Steve replied with a shrug, “This won’t be much different.”
On hearing Tony’s voice Peter shot out of bed, his limbs uncoordinated and body fumbling and falling to the ground as he staggered his to the door, forcing himself to stand up by using the door frame as a support and then the wall as he made his way out of his room.
It turned into a shit show.
Natasha side eyed Clint who was grinning obnoxiously at her, she rolled her eyes but was happy he was joking around, he’d been in a slump since Loki’s mind control on him, non of it was his fault and intellectually he knew that, but emotionally he was struggling.
“Great!” Clint cheered as if they weren’t discussing his murder, “See, you two are already bonding, soon you’ll be having sleep overs, and pillow fights, dibs on watching naked pillow fights!” He was too slow to dodge Natasha’s kick and the pillow Tony threw at him bounced off his head.
Craning his neck Peter listened, focusing his hearing as the moan came a third time, getting him he followed the direction it had come from, walking the entire length of the lab and coming to a sealed air tight door than appeared to lead into another lab. Had it not been for his enhanced hearing he probably wouldn’t have heard the moaning, but his hearing was so sharp he could easily pick up something through what would be soundproof to others.
“I fucking hate shrinks; I hate them almost as much as I hate the Paps, and whoever it was that sold those fucking photos to the fucking tabloids.”
“You should have done more.”
The happy, friendly boys that Steve knew could and probably would be destroyed by an unfair system and courts.
“Oh I’m focused, especially if you’re offering a threesum!” he looked to Steve, who was blushing and laughing at the same time, “We could have some fun, make a Steve sandwich, or perhaps a spit roast Billionaire?”
Three weeks later
“Honestly Munchkin, I’m okay, or I will be.” Tony assured him, “I’m sorry I worried you, again.”
Unable to do anything but wait, Tony and Steve had decided to use the time they had to take Zach and Peter on a mini break. The boys schools had called them in for conferences to decided the boys futures in the week and with any luck they would be back at school after that, so this was a good chance for them to relax before getting back to work.
“But I don’t care that you have issues, I have issues, you know I do, we’ve spent nights discussing them together, and I don’t care that you are older than me, I don’t care that you’ve been bonded before and have Pups, I love your Pups, Peter and Zach are the best boys in the world, I would be proud to call them mine too, and I understand that they have to come first, of course they do, I wouldn’t want it any other way.” He smiled and held out a hand to Tony, which the Omega took feeling very confused by this, “And you’ve been hurt in the past so much, your last Alpha betrayed you and hurt you terribly and you are afraid of being hurt again, that is only natural, but Tony, I promise I will never hurt you.” Steve was cupping his cheek again, stroking his skin and cupping the back of his head, “I’ll go slow with you, court you, Alphas still do that don’t they?”
With these people around apparently it was.
“Come on,” Steve said decisively, “I’m putting you to bed.”
“We should take his legs, its not like he uses them anymore.” Natasha said, “Just like his heart.”
The official story for what happened is that Jarvis remote piloted the suit to the factory, that Zach never left my side, he had no involvement in Killian’s death, that was down to me, Rhodey, Natasha, and Clint. He was hiding in the debris until it was all over.”
“And this is what you get when you make your AI British.” Tony complained, “They become insufferably sarcastic and bitchy.”
Tony shot him a leer which the Director returned as Steve stammered, his cheeks flushed red as he tried to protest Fury’s words, while assuring Tony of how important he was.
“Why though, people love the avengers.” Ned said yelping when MJ slapped him, “Jeez woman why are you so mean?”
(Which he had not been, there had been several female Beta’s and Omegas that Obie had enjoyed while being married to Tony)
Tony was very grateful to go and shower and change his clothes and relieved to not have to clean up the bathroom after Zach’s tantrum, although he did feel somewhat guilty about Steve doing it, but the Captain had insisted and Tony was just too tired to argue.
“The nearest hospital.” Rhodey said, not liking the blood on Tony’s face, or the pallor of his skin.
Zach was getting tired too, he was stretched out with his head on Tony’s chest and his legs in Steve’s lap, his eyes half lidded and body limp with fatigue.
He shook his head, curling up in a loose foetal position. To Steve’s eye he looked fragile and vulnerable, and he wanted nothing more than to wrap himself about Tony and protect him from the world.
“Where…?” Tony tried to speak but his throat was too sore, too dry.
Bruce cooked an amazing Indian feast, his travels through India having given him experience on how to properly cook with spices and make authentic dishes and accompaniments. He even made a special dish milder dish just for Zack, who’s palate was still a little too young to handle the strong spice from the adult dishes, although Tony allowed him a taste of everything, he liked the look of.
“There has been a shooting in west Potomac, one man confirmed dead, identity unknown.”
“Hopefully not.” Tony said, “We’ll work that out. As for this week, you can help me in the lab, and maybe start some meditation with Bruce, work with him on finding a way to help you learn how to stay calm.”
*****
“It was disorienting in the extreme.” Steve said, “I woke up to a world with wide plasma screen TV’s, mobile phones, and the internet having gone down when most homes still didn’t have a telephone line and only the very rich could afford a TV which had a tiny black and white screen.”
Wanda remained unfazed through it all, she was far more cold and blood thirsty than her brother, Strucker had noted, quicker to anger and to action, however they both had a weakness that Strucker could use to his advantage.
“It’s just not fair.” Steve ground out, “How can they get away with printing this garbage?”
“You have nothing to be sorry for sweetheart.” Steve said, kissing his hair, “We take care of each other right?”
“Thanos. What he’ll do, what will happen if we fail.” Tony looked up at Steve, his eyes shining with unshed tears. “We can’t fail Steve, we just can’t.”
“Dad?” Harry called out looking worried.
“What did that bitch do to you?” He growled, but Tony shook his head,
“That’s enough.” Maya said, “Out.” She ordered the thugs, who hesitated but complied. Once the door was shut Maya approached Tony, glancing dismissively at Natasha and Clint who were watching her with the intensity of a couple of cats eyeing a mouse. “So, this brings back memories.” She said looking Tony over, “Stane and I had you tied to the bed that night I believe. Hell of a night, wasn’t it?”
The majority of people who responded to the photos were positive, adoring the image of Zach in his Iron Man pyjamas, hair all tussled and bright, cheeky grin beaming with pride as he raised a tiny fist to the sky. Some however had to disapprove, saying that Tony was using his Son to promote Iron Man or The Avengers, that play fighting was irresponsible and was a bad influence on children as they would come to think of violence as being normal, even though the worst injury Zach was likely to get from tussling with Steve was sore muscles from laughing so much, as Steve had quickly found all of Zachs ticklish spots and frequently had the boy rolling around the floor in fits of laughter.
“We’d better do something soon then,” Natasha said, coming into the common room carrying documents in her hands. “Stark’s cut our funding, and issued an eviction notice giving us ninety days to vacate the premise.”
Steve nodded, not trusting himself to speak and offered Sam a tight smile. The Sergeant squeezed his shoulder and called out to Hulk and Thor, directing them to go and start working on the most damaged areas while they continued to work where the fires were less fierce.
"I thought we'd be waiting until next year!"
“And how many have you killed?” Tony shot back at her, he turned his gave to Romanoff, “Or you?”
“Can you reheat hot chocolate and melt marshmallows?” Another kid asked
New York.
Pepper was very taken aback when she was told that her alternate self, had been the surrogate mother of Lily. She stared at the infant who was laying in Tony’s arms during the meeting, blowing spit bubbles and babbling in baby-speak. She wasn’t quite yet up to actual words but it probably wouldn’t be long before she was.
Present day
Steve nodded in agreement, he wasn’t sure what he thought about finding Bucky. He was elated at the prospect of his friend being alive, but at the same time he was afraid of what state he’d be in. What if he was like Peggy was said to be, alive but mentally failing. What if he was crippled, old age having robbed him off his mobility as it was wont to do. What if he didn’t even remember Steve, even Tony had said that Bucky could have severe head injuries, he might not remember anything of his life before the fall, might have rebuilt himself a life with a different name and wouldn’t want some random stranger coming in an disrupting that.
“Well Sir is troubled over his lack of grief over his Mother. He fears that he is a bad person because he did not feel the loss of her as greatly as you and others have for their own Mother’s.” Jarvis explained to Steve as the Captain made his way to the lift to go down to the lab. “Sir was not close to his Mother. From what have learned over the years, she was not a Mother too him, was not well enough in her own mind and heart to be a Mother, and while I do believe she loved her Son, she did not care for him as she should have, or protected him from his Father.”
The Captain yelped and flushed while everyone laughed, after that Tony tried to pick things up with the grabber with varying degrees of success depending on what they were, he also got into a claw/grabber wrestling match with each of the bots beating them all into submission.
“No, I’m a visionary.” Killian said jogging back up the stairs and heading for the door sending his thugs back inside to keep and eye on Tony, Natasha, and Clint.
“You’re not guilty Tony, I already told you that,” Steve said, “Wanda admitted that she invaded your mind in Sokovia, that she showed you your worst fears and goaded you into making Ultron with the sceptre.
Maya ran as fast as she could from the lift and through the car pack, Zach Stark held tight in her arms, his little arms and legs beating her as she went, his cries of protest muffled against her breast as she kept firm hold of him.
It took every ounce of strength Steve had in him not to start growling every time and Alpha or a male Beta approached Tony or touched him, all of them seemed to get too close to the Omega for his liking, their hand shakes lingering too long and glances upon his person being too lascivious.
He had made his peace with it, had been content to be Father to Peter and Zach alone, but now, the option of a baby of his own with Tony was available again, Tony was trying to give him that chance, was putting himself through so much to give this to Steve.
“I’ll land and join you.” Clint yelled as he took off back into the air going and setting down the jet a little way off, and took Steve’s motor bike back to the base, pushing it at full speed and leaped off the back sending it into a couple of Hydra soldiers as he caught a branch swung up into the trees, getting the high ground from where he began to take out the soldiers with his arrows.
“Okay, great! I’ll make the arrangements for Zach and Pete, and I’ll stock up on snacks and water for us.” While in heat Tony wouldn’t eat, but Steve would as he would be exerting a lot of energy during the heat. Omega’s relied on body fat for energy and would sleep between sessions to conserve energy; then, when the heat ended, they would feast to replace the spent energy.
“Why is it that I’m more scared of seeing Pepper than I was facing an Alien army?”
Except Tony felt like crap.
Natasha and Tony had the Asparagus and eggs, while Steve, Clint, and Bruce both chose the Salmon.
Tony was interested to see who Zach took after when it came to height, himself or Obie. Stane had been tall even for an Alpha and so far Zach had been on the higher end for Omega’s so he might favour his father in height.
“Give him to me.” Tony said reaching out for him.
“Damn.” Sam said with a rather bewildered smile on his face, “I’m gonna be on TV with Captain America and Iron Man!”
“Mamma!” a plaintive cry came.
Since it was going to be Steve’s first Christmas since the forties, the team decided to make it as special a Christmas as they could, even going so far as to bake a Christmas cake, which took several attempts, a lot of swearing, a lot of smoke alarms screeching, too much drinking of the brandy that should have been going into the cake, and once the cake was actually successfully baked, the battle to get the marzipan and icing upon it commenced.
Tony shook his head subtly, knowing that they would have to talk about this later.
“My pleasure,” Steve replied, he glanced over Tony’s shoulder, smiling as Dumm-E brought Tony over a cup of water in his coffee mug.
Peter grinned and ruffled Zach’s curls, everything was so simple for him, “Because they’re dorks!” He said, “But they’ll figure it out sooner or later I’m sure.”
“That’s your choice.” Tony said shutting the door to Peter calling him a blackmailer.
“We gotta neg… nega… negotate.” Zach said sitting up, a serious frown on his face as he tried to pronounce the word.
“I thought you said a cool name!” MJ Drawled, “Those make it sound like he’s got a spitting problem and sprays everyone whenever he speaks.”
Biting his bottom lip Peter scanned the room looking for somewhere to hide. All of the cages were clear and there was no space in them to hide anyway, the air vents were too small, he’d never fit into them and there were no drains that he could see, which left one place.
They did help out the old lady next door, who had to be a hundred and twenty if she was a day. She was an old dear, still insisted on living in her own home and caring for herself despite what her kids and grandkids said, fretting over her being alone.
“Oh so this is my fault?” Curien cried, “Let me remind you, that you came to me, you wanted me to do those experiments, you knew the risk we were taking and you were the one who insisted on a self-destruct, not me.” He sneered into the gloom hoping Norman could see his face, “It’s not my fault that you trusted Hammer tech and it backfired, any idiot could have told you that anying he makes isn’t worth the money you spend on it.”
“Hmm, he has said something about it a few dozen times.” Tony whispered back.
“Peter I’d be honoured to be your Father.”
“So why not an element not known to man.” Natasha suggested heading for the front door where Shield agents were bringing in boxes.
“What things?” Zach asked, prompting Bruce to start explaining about the kind of species that one could find in rock pools, making Zach even more eager to go and start looking in them.
He did develop some interesting cravings though, who would have thought ketchup would go so well with chocolate ice cream?
He’d soldiered on through the morning, welcoming Peter and May happily, then Pepper and Rhodey, Clint, Laura, and the Kids.
“Peter looks good.” Rhodey observed, “He’s gotten over what happened I take it, physically at least?”
“Wanda Maximoff.” Steve growled, the darkest most hateful look Tony had ever seen spreading over his Alpha’s face, “That bitch got into your head, baby, she has that ability, she got to you while you were at the base, before he brother shot you.”
“I know you are.” Peter deadpanned making Ned snort his chocolate milk out of his nose.
But Tony had never been the one to be lead along the red carpet and shielded from screeching reporters and screaming fans by someone, he’d always been the one doing the leading and shielding. Yet tonight, he was being led by Steve, who’s massive shoulders provided him a wonderful shield from the flashing lights of the cameras and the deafening roar of the crowds.
Steve straightened up, “Hydra died with Red Skull in 1945.”
“Everything quiet on the brat watch?” Tony asked Jarvis.
*****
Once the place was cleaned up and Zach was occupied with colouring in a picture book and Peter was doing his Geography homework, Tony and Steve gathered Rhodey, Bruce and Thor and told them about the letter and Camp Leheigh.
A frown flitted over Tony’s face but before he had a chance to question Steve he was moved up into Steve’s arms and supported there by his waist with Steve holding him with just the one arm, while his free hand carefully spread Tony’s legs so they either side of Steve’s body, then, as Steve sat himself on the bed, Tony found himself straddling Steve’s groin.
All of them chose the lava cakes wishing they were larger and the rich tasted lasted longer, but all too soon they were eaten and speeches began.
“You wish, Birdboy, Steve’s ass is America’s ass. That ass has the stars and stripes on it and makes spangles look fine!”
Stark Tower.
Tony pressed a kiss onto Zach’s cheek, making sure that he had his favourite bear cuddled up against him before turning down the lights and heading for the door.
“Not munchkin, Petey Munchkin!” Zach said with a pout from Steve’s shoulders,
As soon as he arrived back at the tower Tony was bombarded by his children. Zach leaped at him, wrapping his arms about Tony’s thighs and looked up at him with huge eyes until Tony picked him up into his arms and balanced him on his hip, ignoring the ache in his ribs and his broken arm, he envied Steve his accelerated healing, the Captain was in perfect health now, without even a bruise or a faint scar to tell the tale of what he’d been through, where Tony was bruised, cut up, and suffering the aches of his healing bones.
His palms were sweating and his stomach was churning as he stepped off the ledge and reached braced his feet against the wall, the web was holding him well and he was able to start descending down the side of the building.
“The Son of Stark has won this battle!” Thor declared, some how looking majestic despite the fact he laying belly down on a blow up crocodile.
“Very well Sir, I will arrange an alarm call for sometime never…”
“Go find something to do, or I’ll have you installed in a funfair as a crane game.”
Damage from Rhodey, Natasha, and Clint fighting Killian’s guards had damaged the rest of the factory and the inferno that Killian had created was spreading fast, Tony was struggling to stay ahead of the flames as well as struggling to breathe through the acrid smoke. However he was nearest an exit, he could see the fire escape (Huh irony) right ahead of him. Putting a last burst of speed into the run Tony raced for the door threw his weight against it, getting outside just as the factory blew apart.
There were people in plexi glass cages, people with limbs cut off and exchanged for animal limbs, people with scales and claws growing out of their bodies, people who weren’t even alive anymore, their bodies, or what was left of them were hooked up to life support machines while their flesh, their bones, their organs were harvested for use elsewhere.
It had taken years for his Tony to relax enough around him to let him see his tears. He had hated to feel vulnerable, to show weakness, hadn’t liked letting Steve see him in such moments as he felt he was letting him down somehow.
“Could I learn to do that, Mamma?” He asked watching them in fascination.
“Unless what?” Tony growled.
“M’sorry.” Peter whimpered with tears leaking down his cheeks. “Wan’ed you t’be pround.”
“Thanks Pep, I’ll look into getting him lessons.” Tony said brightly, “You’re still coming back to New York for his party aren’t you?”
There were voices from all over the hospital, patients, Doctors, visitors, orderlies, cleaners, Nurses. He could hear all of them. Women and Omegas screaming through labour, new-borns wailing. Doctors in theatres barking out instructions, crying children, groaning adults, chatting hospital staff, people complaining, people on phones, people everywhere. He could hear each and every one of them in a continuous deafening cacophony of sound.
“Careful, if you’re going to do that.” Tony cautioned, “Hydra know me and Steve are onto them, they don’t know about you, yet, but if they find out then you’ll have targets on your backs too.”
“The UN.” Vision replied, “He left about an hour ago with Captain Rogers and Baby Lily.”
Clint was pale, walking stiffly and holding his side where he’d been shot. He should have been in a hospital bed but no one questioned his choice to be with the others.
“Tries and succeeds.” Steve stated.
“I can.” Tony replied raising his chin defiantly, “I am Tony fucking Stark. I am Iron Man. I am a billionaire genius, and if I want to sue every bastard who owns a tabloid, works for a tabloid, or puts comments on social media, then I damn well will!”
Steve struggled to comply, struggling to make his body do as Sam was telling him, but slowly his breathing began to calm down, his heart slowing as he followed the breathing exercise until he was breathing normally again, at which point he found that he was kneeling in the snow and shaking all over, his body horribly damp with sweat and face sore from tears that had been attacked by the harsh wind.
“I am not pyromaniacal. I just like blowing things up on occasion!” Tony said pouting.
Tony rolled his eyes, “Duh, Billionaire.”
*****
Tony, for once, had put his foot down and not given into her demands, no matter how logical they were, and he had somehow managed to juggle work and caring for Zach.
"Miss Sharp, Peter's teacher, or one of them. I accompanied him in the ambulance." She bit her bottom lip looking contrite, "I am so sorry for this."
Steve snapped himself out of his thoughts and crossed the room, taking hold of Tony firmly, so he couldn’t launch himself in the other direction, “Tony I don’t hate you, I’ve never hated you,”
One year later.
“Wake up!”
“Jeez man, with heart burn like that you need to see a Doctor pronto!” Tony quipped shoving stacks of packing crates between himself and the deranged Killian.
Steve smiled down into Tony’s hair and kissed his head, “It wasn’t Captain America who did that,” He said, “It was just me, Steve Rogers, fiancé and Father.”
Since having Zach, Tony had spent his heats alone, having Pepper and Happy take care of Zach and Peter until the heat had passed, but this time he had a choice.
“Yeah, pancakes, want a pancake, Pep, they’re really good.” Tony said, grabbing one and biting into it.
Feeling he should try and do something for Tony too, Steve bought a canvas and some oil paints and got to work on a portrait. Firstly, sketching to get the general idea of what he wanted before he started on the final product.
His next posts on Facebook gave some basic details in how he coped waking up in the twenty-first century, how he was adapting and learning to live in the modern world.
“A drone?” Steve repeated. Going to stand by Tony.
Tony shook his head, he couldn’t ask questions now, couldn’t think right now, not about anything but the misery that was quickly setting in.
“You have the Green room if that happens.” Tony said, “And we can have a contract drawn up that you are pretty much left alone during the filming. That your lab is off limits to them and the only footage they get of you is when you are with the rest of us. Having us around will act as a kind of buffer, you won’t be the centre of attention for the film crew.” He grinned, “Especially if Cap is wearing tight pants and no shirt. But I’m a jealous bitch and I don’t want to share his fantastic ass and washboard abs with anyone!”
“Practice Sex?” Steve asked bemused.
Harley pouted at him, his large eyes growing wider, “So you are just going to leave me here like my douchebag Dad?” He asked in an oddly high pitched voice.
While in the lab, Tony took the time to change out his reactor, discarding the old one which had obviously been damaged in the battle for a new one. He also managed to scrounge up some clothing for Bruce, who was quite naked when he shifted back from Hulk. The other scientist looked vaguely uncomfortable in Tony’s too tight clothing, but did agree to Shwarma, saying something about how shifting into Hulk always left him starving hungry.
“Iron Balls!” Deadpool cried, with an exaggerated squeal, “You are Sooo my favourite hero ever! You are so shiny and sleek, you make me want to rub myself against you and give you a good wax!”
*****
Rhodey wished he could say he was surprised, but he wasn’t, rape was a common form of torture used on prisoners, to humiliate, to show that they were at the mercy of their capturers, to emasculate and victimize them. It was done to Alpha and Beta POW, and Tony had been an Omega alone, surrounded by Alpha and Beta men for months, it would have been more of a surprise if he hadn’t been molested by them.
Deadpool was positively gleeful about getting to fight Rogers, he leaped at him, his katana blades drawn and Rogers barely managed to get out of the way before getting his arms sliced off by the deranged mercenary.
“Practice making a baby sex of course.” Tony said tugging on Steve’s jeans, “We should make sure to put a lot of practice in so that we’re perfect.”
“Dude I don’t know nothing about that, I’m just the janitor. I ain’t even allowed into the labs.” The man paused, “Seen some weird shit through the windows though, animals all pieces together and looking scary ass wrong.”
Choking and rasping for breath the Doctor nodded as best he could.
“Like that was surprising, the asshole has the word Megalomaniac printed on his forehead!”
His speed was much greater now, not super speed, but he could outrun a baseline human at ease and quickly gaining on MJ, in fact he managed to get close enough to hear her curse as she ran trying to keep away from him.
“He is, thankfully. He’s still in hospital at the moment but we hope he’ll be home soon.” Steve said, “However he is still facing difficulties, as is Zach, as their schools have decided to suspend them because they are enhanced.”
“We’ve found a lot, more than I want to go into tonight.” Bruce said, “It is also highly likely that Maximoff is still having an influence on Tony, we want to run some brain scans to try and prove this, once we find what area of is brain is affected we can start looking into blocking her.”
Tony shrugged, “I’ve had nightmares since New York, hell, some of them since Afghanistan. Fucking P.T.S.D.”
Washington D.C.
“Why are you calling me fuckface? Is it because you want me to fuck your face?” Deadpool asked Tony, having all the self-preservation instincts of a blind lemming. Snarling wordlessly Tony hauled Deadpool closer to the edge and Steve hurried handed Lily to Spiderman who gulped loudly at being given a baby to hold, his eye slits going wide when she slapped his masked face and laughed loudly at him.
“Oh, I’m too young to hear this!” Peter moaned,
That of course led to arguments about whether or not Tony would be faithful to Steve, if he had been faithful to Obie. Which also brought up the subject of whether or not Obie was faithful to Tony.
SGT Samuel Wilson, Falcon.
“I didn’t lie!” Rogers protested. “And… I didn’t say anything for your own good.” Tony scoffed, glaring down at Rogers through the face plate,
“So, why I can’t I stay with you?” Zach whined, “I’ll do school work here, I’ll be good, I’ll do everything I’m told I promise.”
“We’ll make the best of this Tony.” Obie said giving Tony a toothy grin, “Howard might not have seen it, but I do. You’re a golden goose, you are special, and I’m going to take care of you.”
“You should see the amount of flowers, cards, and cuddly toys you’ve been sent.” Peter said, “And Twitter and Facebook have just about had meltdowns with the amount of posts and tweets there have been.” He took his phone from his pocket and pulled up some photos he’d taken of the ocean of flowers, cards, and teddybears that were surrounding the hospital grounds, and some of the photos that had been sent to him by Ned and MJ of the almost knee deep gifts that were surrounding Stark Tower. The most adorable of them all were a stuffed Captain Ameribear cuddling an Iron Bear on a heart shaped pillow, this had been given centre position and Tony couldn’t help but to grin at it.
“I’m not a munchkin, you’re a Hobbit!”
“Without Tony what else do I have but to avenge him?” He asked in a hoarse whisper.
The costume that was cut off me by Dr Curien. Peter thought with a shudder, “I don’t….”
The screaming would start then, Tony would scream and scream until everything went black and for a time he would know nothing until it all started up again, replaying with torturous monotony until….
“Uh huh, and why haven’t I had it till today, considering all of his property became mine upon his death?”
Peter groaned, while he wasn’t going to school at the moment, he was doing school work at home so he wouldn’t fall behind.
Because of this, the Doctor tends to focus more on movement and strength rather than cardio based activities.”
“In normal households feather-heads don’t stuff themselves with enough food to feed ten people.” Natasha told him, waving the butter knife threateningly.
*****
Natasha rose an eyebrow, “Daddy?”
“You’re an idiot.” Natasha and Tony said at the same time.
“The Avengers new member. Mr Frosty!” Steve said snapping some pictures and up loading them to the internet.
Thankfully the arc reactors were missing several vital components so whomever had taken them would not succeed in backwards engineering them. The sceptre however was of more concern.
******
“What do you think Babe?”
“I think that means I win this session.” Bruce said smirking at his downed team mates.
MJ shrugged, “You’re my friend, so long as you don’t become a psychopathic murderer I’m cool with you doing anything.” Peter grinned and made a move to hug her but MJ held her hands up, “I don’t hug, dork.”
“Drop?” Tony asked confused then his eyes widened, “No…”
While on the road Tony looked through the file that he’d gotten from Mrs Davies swiftly learning of A.I.M,s involvement in all of this and recalled that A.I.M had been used to make the adjustments on the War Machine suit recently. Making use of the fake agents phone and dialled Rhodey to get all the info the military currently had on the Mandarin, he also asked for Rhodey’s password so he could give it to Harley and the kid could search through the files while he drove.
“Not in the least.” Bruce said, he was much happier on Hulk not being called on and would rather stay buried in his lab, only surfacing for food and sleep. He cocked his head at Steve, “It’ll be good for you and Tony to get some time together, away from kids and work. Some alone time.”
He nearly broke when Rhodey asked him about the rash on his neck, nearly told him the truth, but he just managed to hold his tongue and change the subject, talking about his birthday party instead.
Tony’s early childhood had been so lonely and disconnected with anything resembling a family life that feared sending Zach away from home, even if it was just for a few hours a day. He’d not even hired a nanny when he’d gone back to work, he and Pepper had argued about it, her saying that he would need the extra help because he wouldn’t be able to concentrate on work and care for Zach at the same time.
Tony argued.
Tony was still rather shaken after Zach’s sleepy outburst when he and Steve left for DC. He knew that the super solider didn’t know about what Zach had said, he might have really good hearing but he couldn’t have over heard from several rooms away, however, Tony found himself on edge around Steve, watching him out of the corner of his eye as if he were expecting Steve to do something.
“Fri, I need help, that thing, the me that is there isn’t me. Confirm identity, Code 789A/Pepper#3591RD/17Omega.”
******
Tony’s lab was a marvel of technology, holographs, and robots, actual robots that moved and interacted with each other and people, they even spoke, more or less, with beeps, whirrs, and trills.
“Indeed Violet, you don’t look at a day over seventy-five.” The woman said, “How old are you again?”
He also promised to never, ever, in a million years, even under torture, would he reveal this to anyone, because he was the bestest friend ever!
After he’d been seen by a Doctor and had Morgan fully checked over, Tony contacted his lawyers and set them to work on getting deals for the avengers. Rhodey and Pepper handled the explanation to the world about the Skrull and how Tony had been in the hands of Hydra for the last eight months and Hydra’s attempts at stealing his and Steve’s baby. With Tony’s insistence they emphasised the Avenger’s involvement in rescuing Tony from the base to give them some positive press.
“And anyone who isn’t Jane.” Sam added.
With a last surge of strength, Steve pulled out of Tony and flopped down onto his back beside the panting billionaire so he wouldn’t crush him by laying on top of him.
Tony snorted, “He was an idiot, taking on Loki alone like that. Bastard’s a God, he didn’t stand a chance.”
“But just as fair warning.” Peter added, “If you hurt him, then my Aunt Pepper has killer shoes and I’ll stab you to death with them and then dissolve your body in the bath tub with acid, and I aced my chemistry so I know the exact formula to use to turn your body to nothing!” With a bright smile Peter patted Steve’s arm and trotted off to join his Mother and Brother leaving Steve with a bleeding lip and a stunned expression on his face.
“Peter’s been taken prisoner.” Steve said taking his seat.
“My own good?”
Stark romance behind the shield.
Peter struggled with the restraints, but they were re-enforced and his body was still weak from blood loss, he could make the metal groan but not make it move.
With the snaps of Steve and Tony hugging and kissing on the penthouse balcony being safely stored in a phone and then sold for a six figure sum to a tabloid; it did not take long for the story to explode.
“Steve..”
His Father had tried to kill his Mamma?
“Sure.” Tony said swiping the screen and typing in his pin number, he loaded up Netflix and set Dr Who playing.
“Oh, Ooohhh.” A grin spread over Tony’s face, “Now that is a suggestion I can definitely get behind.”
Thor sighed and nodded, “Tis true, but your mother is a warrior, and injuries often occur in battle, my father lost his left eye in battle and he is a God. The king of Asgard, and has ruled despite his loss for many centuries.”
Tony grinned as did Steve, “Have a good night Detective and thank you for letting us know about the states decision.”
Hmm, maybe being controlled by Jarvis wouldn’t be so bad, the bastard did control his life already, bugged him about eating more than smoothies, drinking more than coffee, getting sleep, and other stuff.
Clint held up a hand as if they were in school, “I’m not. I’m good.”
“It’s not like it would do much good anyway.” Tony said shaking his head, “He’d only be a low level flunky. Someone to get his hands dirty and do the grunt work but to know the big secrets or anything worth our while.” Natasha’s hum was one of agreement and Steve didn’t argue, it was unlikely that Hydra would have placed anyone of great value in SI as they wouldn’t have wanted to risk losing them or their secrets if he was detected.
At once Rogers became aware of the fact that the music that had been playing in the background had come to a halt and that a lot, if not all, the guests at the gala were standing in the arches watching this argument, many of them with their phones out snapping pictures if not recording this on video.
“We will.” Peter promised getting out of his T-shirt and shorts while Steve helped Zach do the same.
“Jarvis is still rebooting.” Tony said, “I trust you to keep an eye on that for me and I’ve done all the patch up I can for the suit, it’ll be ready to go when J is back online, now get your skinny little ass home and stay near the phone, because when I call, and I will call, you need to be ready to jump, got it?”
“The Winter Soldier.” Natasha murmured, “He’s a ghost story, a myth amongst spies and assassins, the bogey man.”
“Are you sure he came this way?” A voice asked.
“And you’re right Pete, it doesn’t matter if Tony can walk or not.” Rhodey said, “He’s still our Tony, and nothing will change that.”
“But.”
Clint was armed with dummy arrows that had dull tips which wouldn’t do any damage to those they struck, Steve had a light weight mock up of his shield which like Clint’s arrows wouldn’t do any damage. Tony’s repulsors were set to only make an impressive light show and light stun those they hit, Sam and Natasha were armed with paint balls and Thor would only be striking the ground with Mjolnir not any of his team mates.
“One I can help with.” Tony said, “Money may not buy happiness but it can certainly make lives easier. I’ve already got Jay to look at their living situation, I’m buying the bank and I’ll be writing off her mortgage so that’ll ease up the financial burden she’s been under and I’m setting up college funds for both Harley and his Sister. The kid needs a lab too, that garage isn’t enough for a mind as sharp as his, I’m thinking state of the art and a brand new potato gun, one that stores extra ammo he can use to shoot his bullies with.”
“Okay, stop before you give yourself an embolism, kid.” He said, and looked at Deadpool, “And you, out!”
“Thanks.”
Steve made a noise that was somewhere between a laugh and a snort and leaned forward to kiss Tony’s lips, “I love you.” He said, “You, your coffee addiction, and your crazy.”
“Yeah, so umm, I’m pretty erratic, this is my first in eight months; I’m in pre-heat now, got scent blocker on, but I’ll be in full heat the day after tomorrow.” Tony said, shifting from foot to foot. A lot of Omegas became agitated before their heats, were unable to settle, to concentrate, to do anything really as their bodies flooded with hormones in preparation for potentially conceiving a litter.
Tony awoke from a very strange dream when Steve came home from his ass crack of dawn run. For some reason Tony had been dreaming that he was a cat and lived in Central Park and was being courted by Cat Steve who kept bringing him birds and mice as courting gifts.
Strucker himself had searched for the asset but to no avail, the Winter Soldier was too adept at hiding, the Avengers though, they were an increasing problem as it was only so long before they arrived in Sokovia.
“Nothing good, that’s for sure.” Natasha said.
“What’s gonna happen now?” He asked looking to Tony, who was holding Peter’s hand, keeping him calm as his secrets were revealed to the world.
“Okay.” Steve stammered, he was still confused by portmanteaus, didn’t really see why they were important and why this generation seemed so obsessed with them. Still, people writing about him and Tony as Husbands…that gave him a pleasant butterfly feeling in his stomach.
“As you are in ours, Stark.” Natasha said drop kicking a bot, spinning around and shooting another.
“Hell no, having one child on the ceiling is bad enough I’m not having two up there.” Tony stated, relieved when his suit finally arrived and he could fly up to Peter.
“I want more Plum Tartine.” Winter piped up, making Bucky roll his eyes, of course, plum tartine was the priority. As he sat there Bucky became increasingly aware of his need to piss. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d been to the bathroom though it was definitely a while ago with how much his bladder was aching.
“We should.” Natasha agreed, “It is possible that he will reunite with the twins though so we could deal with all three in one fell swoop.”
Despite all the interest Tony refused to do any interviews or photoshoots, he’d been paraded in front of the cameras as soon as he’d been born and he wasn’t doing that to his Pup, he gave updates on social media and had PR do press releases but that was it.
“We will.” Steve said, not about to let Tony go through this on his own, Tony however disagreed.
Not all of it was tailored suits of course, the majority was jeans, slacks, T-Shirts, polo shirts, and jackets, but it was all high end fashion, not a single item was below at least three figures which made Steve’s head spin even after being Tony for so long. That said, even though Steve would be more than happy to make do with off the rack at a local discount store and be thankful that the clothing was A new, and B did not have holes in. He had to admit that there was something to be said for clothing that was tailored to fit and nothing felt so good as pure cotton or silk on the skin.
“My pleasure Captain, although if I may? Do not let Sir know of why you have come to the lab, let him explain to you.”
Tony was in the air firing down on Thanos as Steve hurled his Shield at him, tackling the Titan in tandem. Beating the shield into Thanos’ face and head, Steve kept the Titan blind for Vision’s attack, ducking down as Vision used the mind stone, lashing out at Thanos and beating back for a few moments, then Thanos closed his fists and Vision was hurled across the battle field, slamming into Strange who had been dealing with several Chitauri and Hyena/Wargs.
People would declare him a monster, would demand he be locked up so he couldn’t harm anyone else, others would want to manipulate him, to use his powers for their own purposes. There was even the likelihood of Tony’s competency as a parent being called into question, social serviced may decided to become involved and once those bastards got a foot in the door it was almost impossible to get rid of them again.
“Romanoff, Barton, keep a watch out for any further incoming trouble.” Rhodey shouted down to them, “Whoever sent the drones might have foot soldiers.”
“Unlike you who just depletes the coffee supplies.” Steve shot back. He topped a couple of bagels for Tony, one with cream cheese and ham, the other with Nutella and set them on a plate before the Billionaire. “Eat.” He instructed.
He sat at the kitchen counter, watching as Steve carefully fed the little girl tiny pieces of banana and little drops of milk from a tea spoon.
Steve was waiting at the edge of the lake, “You don’t have to do this if you’re not comfortable.” He said, “You can just dip your feet and it’ll be enough.”
“To get Spider-baby signed up to the super-sexy-super powered club.” Deadpool replied, “Why else? Did you think I just stopped by to check out your ass?” he paused and looked into space speaking as if to an audience, “Of course I stopped by to do that too, but you should never give away all your secrets at once.”
“She invaded my company and my home under false pretences.” Tony said, finally settling on the lexus and heading for the car, “It was back when I was dying of palladium poisoning.”
Thor readily agreed with enthusiasm, while Steve bowed out, and Tony told Clint in graphic details where the archer would have his camera shoved if he kept irritating the super soldier.
“Normally it wouldn’t.” Peter agreed, “But I was…. It was so hard today, being around so many people and trying to control my senses, and then…. Those assholes came over and they started in on me, and Flash started being mean to Ned, calling him fat and stuff and you know that really hurts him, it makes him binge eat and the last time he did that he got sick he ate so much cake and he spent two hours crying about it.”
“I can’t ask you to do that.” Tony protested looking at the devastated bathroom, Zach might be small but he could create a hell of a mess if he tried.
“If I didn’t know any better I would say we’ve returned to a ghost town.” Rhodey murmured,
Since Tony seemed incapable of doing so, Steve thanked the nurse, she instructed them to use the call button on the wall if they needed anything and then left them alone.
Over Tony’s shoulder she saw Steve standing in the doorway. Their eyes met and shook her head slightly, knowing that Tony wouldn’t want Steve to see him in a moment of weakness. A look of understanding came over the Captain’s face and he gestured that he would make himself scarce, backing away silently so as not to disturb Tony.
Once he became proficient enough to walk without stumbling, Jarvis began the final faze of Project Ultron, the activation of a legion of Iron Armours who’s sole purpose would be to protect humanity from threats.
“Why are you here?” Tony demanded of Deadpool, “And why abduct the kid?”
Tony flushed, “It was a long time coming.” He said.
“He is working on the latest Stark Tablet.”
“You could have let us in on your plan to fake your death.” Tony pointed out, “Let Natasha know at least.” Natasha glanced at Tony in surprise, he was still prickly towards her and she hadn’t expected him to come to her defence, it made a pleasant change, one she hoped would remain.
“No, but lets do it anyway.” Tony said.
Steve.
“Tony be reasonable.” Steve said without much conviction.
Tony eyed him uncertainly for several moments but was then distracted by Zach giving Steve the chance to escape from his scrutiny. It wasn’t that he wanted to hide anything from Tony, he really didn’t. He was happy to be sharing everything with the Omega, emotionally and physically.
Steve disposed of the soiled condoms, quietening his Alpha which raged against the use of protection wanting nothing more than to fill Tony with Pups.
When Howard had been running the company it had always been a rather formal event. Howard had been a snob, had wanted to be thought of as society and loved every chance he got to dress up in black tie and rub elbows with the rich and entitled.
Thankfully everyone had anticipated Zach’s over-excitement getting him up early and everyone had risen to accommodate this and joined the family on the common floor for Zach’s favourite breakfast of Blueberry Pancakes drowning in syrup and hot chocolate over flowing with marshmallows and whipped cream.
Steve stared at Tony, for a second he looked elated, then horrified, then guilty, the last being the emotion that stayed, “I left him. He was alive and I…”
“Is our Captain America gay too?”
“Yeah honey?” Steve whispered kissing at Tony’s jaw,
“So this is it then, time for you to start kicking ass.” Ned wrote.
“Ow!”
Seeing his creator getting to the end of his rope after two days of this battle with Zach, Jarvis called in reinforcements, namely Steve.
“Alright,” he said, “Lets do it.”
“A government facility….”
“I know.” Steve said a little defensively, “But we can prove they are lying, go to the authorities, warn them of what Pierce, Sitwell, and Hydra are planning.”
The raft managed to stay intact for ten minutes then it began to break apart and Steve lifted Zach off it carrying him on his shoulders back to the shore to get dinner ready.
“Thanks big guy.” Clint said as he tried to get his breath back.
“We should stake out Oscorp.” Ned said.
Bruce had thoughtfully brought moist hand wipes down to the beach with them so everyone could clean their hands before they ate.
“Get a stretcher here.” One of the Fire department bellowed as Steve very carefully took Peter from Tony’s hold, Tony was slumped in the armour, his face smeared in blood and body hanging limp in an unconscious state. Peter was even more worrying, not only was he unconscious his body was cold to the touch and his front was crimson with blood.
“And Happy, tell them I love them very much.” Ending the call Tony sighed and turned off the blow torch, pulled back his goggles and eyed the helmet, “Show time.” He breathed.
“Okay then,” Tony looked around the cell, “I’ve got nothing I can use, but, a person who is sedated and pregnant needs regular examinations to ensure their health, and clearly whoever has me here has the intent of keeping me in reasonable health, so, before long, someone should come to check on me.” He smiled, “And then I can make my move.”
“He’s right Tony.” Natasha said, unexpectedly supporting Steve’s argument, it was surprising since she was the first to call Tony out on his ego, but this time she was not and did not believe that Tony was at fault in any way.
Then I woke up to fight a world where the President of the USA is black, people who beat their children are prosecuted, and Homosexuality is not only legal but homosexuals can get married and adopt a child or have a surrogate carry a child for them.” He smiled at the host, “It is definitely a world that was worth almost dying for and I am glad that I have been given the chance to experience it.”
“I am so proud of you.” Steve said a smile bright on his face, “This was a huge step for you.”
While Steve soothed Tony, You got the mop and bucket, while Butterfingers got hot water, and Dumm-E got disinfectant to clean up the vomit from the floor. Considering the chemical spills, blood gushing injuries, and other mishaps they had dealt with as Tony’s bots over the years, a pool of vomit was nothing.
Threaten to kill, maim, or cause any harm to any person or persons.
“I’d rather be inside you.” Tony’s dark eyes light up at the thought and he nodded eagerly. Laying languidly as Steve retrieved the lube and slicked them both up. With his body sated it was easier for him to relax enough for Steve to enter him, though Tony knew he’d be feeling it come the morning as he was stretched and filled with the Super soldier’s girth.
“What the hell happened?” Sam asked as he lay out the first aid kit on the kitchen counter, setting out disinfectant, gauze, bandages, adhesive dressings, and cotton wool balls.
Tony had suddenly gone pale, was panting heavily, and his eyes were huge in his face as he stared at Steve, as if he was not quite seeing him, or was seeing something else.
“I don’t see why not.” Tony said taking an interest in the trees and the vegetation, “If you want we can have a go at building it together tomorrow while Captain Kingfisher tries to catch our dinner.”
“And it would have been a cracking good time!” Deadpool declared, completely unrepentant, “And speaking of crack, want me to go and shove my swords between your scrawny twins crack?” this was directed at Steve who opened his mouth, sighed and just gave up with a groan.
Franticly, Steve looked around for a weapon to defend himself and Tony with, he jumped when the door was softly knocked on and felt like an idiot a second later when Sam called out.
In short he was dying. Would not live to see his Son’s first birthday.
“You are a kid!” Tony said but not with malice, “You’re only thirteen Pete, we can’t treat you as an adult because you aren’t an adult.”
“Sure.” Peter murmured continuing on his way to his homeroom, his cheeks flaming as he heard several girls and boys commenting on how “Cute” he was, how sweet his “Ass” was, and how they’d like to get in his webs with him!
“Rhodey, who else?” Tony called back, “And Pepper is maid of honour so don’t think you can wheedle yourself into that role.”
Things weren’t okay, they may not be for a long time, Peter couldn’t even begin to predict what might come from all of this, but right now, at this moment, he was content to let himself feel safe and loved by his parents, relieved that he’d survived and they were all together again. They might have to face hardship in the near future but right now they were alive and safe and he was going to enjoy that.
Steve and Tony went to see Skyfall at the cinema, Steve had seen several of the James Bond movies which Tony had recommended that he watch, insisted he avoid On Her Majesties Secret Service, since the movie sucked and George Lazenby was more wooden than an old fashioned mop handle!
Chuckling Steve patted Jarvis’s shoulder and headed back into the hospital room, joining Tony at the head of the bed and kissing his temple as he settled in to help the boys with their school work.
Steve supposed that Tony might have arranged for him to have custody but he wasn’t sure he wanted it, or rather he wasn’t sure he could handle it. He didn’t think that he would be very good for the boys if Tony died, didn’t really see himself lasting very long after it. Tony had been the light of this new century, his hope, his reason for living, really living not just existing.
Grumbling Tony picked up his phone and pressed it to his ear, “This is Stark.”
“I don’t know.” Bruce said shrugging his shoulders and placed the chart back onto the bed.
Steve grinned, “Not putting yourself under unnecessary stress isn’t the same as running away. We want you to be happy, to enjoy your education, and if you won’t be happy going back to Midtown then you can go elsewhere.”
The patient was identified shortly after the police had arrived at the hospital and he had been brought out of surgery to be placed in ICU as he recovered from his injuries.
“You didn’t have to do all this Clint.” Tony said, seeing the gesture for the offering of atonement it was. “But I am very glad you did.” He quickly grabbed a plate and got dug into the souffle moaning at the rich taste of cheese baked up to perfection.
“Where’s Mamma?” Peter asked in a hushed voice, “And does his location have anything to do with why we’re not allowed to go outside and why there are two hundred reporters camped out in front of the Tower?” (He’d been out on the landing pad and seen the reporters down there.)
Rhodey fielded questions and concerns from the military in regards to the War Machine armour, who would maintain it if Tony was out of commission, if their protective gear, communications gear, and other hard wear would be late or simply not arrive since the genius would not be able to see to his deadlines.
“Umm, yes we did fight Hydra,” Steve said looking to Tony uncertainly, he wasn’t sure if Tony would want him to tell Zach anything about the fight.
“Yes Sir, would you like me to make the purchase now?”
“They will at least give a good write up.” Tony said, “I guess we’ll just have to wait and see what the rest have to say.”
“Pete, not here, not now.” Steve said to him, “We’ll talk when we get home.”
Now it was Steve’s turn to look confused, “Why did you say that you weren’t him then?”
“Boo bah.” Zach babbled blowing a spit bubble and giggling at Tony.
“Steve!”
“Tony?”
“We’ll be in touch as soon as we have anything.” Clint said.
Bucky sighed, “I don’t know. But at least he won’t mind rape us, he’ll keep the Witch away from us.”
“It’s your powers isn’t it, you are worried about them making you too different, that even though your friends have accepted you, you are worried that their acceptance might only be temporary, that they might condemn you for being a freak or something.”
In the Strike team’s locker room Rumlow watched the tracker on Tony’s car as it moved, a red dot on a map on his tablet.
MJ and Ned met at the gates, hugging him and expressing their delight at finally having him back with them, well, Ned did, MJ was too “Cool” to hug people.
The Papers had gone wild with the pictures that had been sent and sold to them from the Gala.
“Sounds good to me.” Tony agree, linking his arm through Steve’s “It’s a lovely night, what better way to spend it than with a handsome soldier?”
“He doesn’t need make up I don’t think.” She said to Pepper.
His spleen had been removed, an organ he could live without, he’d just have to take asprin everyday and make sure he got his flu shot every year. His gallbladder and stomach had been damaged but repaired, he was going to have to modify his diet for the next six months though to help his gallbladder recover, drastically cut back on fats and even after the six months it would be best if he went for lower fat options at least ninety percent of the time.
Tony stared at Norman and then snorted, “Predictable as always, Osborn.” He said, “You couldn’t give a fuck about your Son, this is about your company, your fortune, and what you stand to loose when I take you to court.”
“You’re not gonna wear a dorky costume are you?” MJ asked wrinkling her nose, “Nothing shiny and spangly, no offence.” She added to Steve.
With a great deal of effort he pushed himself up into a sitting position, having to spread his legs to accommodate his bump, learning as he did that he was catheterized, grunting, he reached down and pulled the tube from his body yelping in pain as it came out, another tube was inside his anus to collect waste from his bowel, which he also removed and on shaking, unsteady legs, he got to his feet and began to make his way to the door.
“Are there any shells on the beach?” Peter asked, “We could use them to decorate the sand city.”
“I am an adult, but I have never claimed to be responsible.” Tony replied, rubbing his aching stomach, his only solace being that Clint was suffering the same as he was.
“The hell, Sharon?” Tony cried, coughing into his fist, he was still regaining his breath from running and his chest was aching both from the cracked ribs and the arc reactor.
“Grandchildren.” Steve murmured.
Bucky frowned at Steve, looked at his hand and then back again, slowly and awkwardly shaking his hand, “Bucky’s fine.” He murmured, “I…” He broke off as his stomach rumbled loudly making Tony grin,
“Sucker.” Tony drawled, he and Steve left the nurses station where they had been pretending to look over paperwork and headed for Curien’s room.
“Well a couple of years had gone by hadn’t it? She and Rory had been dating for quite so time before they got married. Mamma and Steve will do the same, they won’t get married right away.”
“What kind of parent am I?” Tony asked against Steve’s chest, “One of my kids gets kidnapped, the other ends up in hospital. I’ve nearly died on national TV twice now, what the hell am I doing to them, traumatizing them like this?”
“Headache?” Curien asked him, settling back into the seat.
“No.” Steve said with slight smile, “I think it’s because you are thirteen and experiencing the joys of puberty. Mood swings go with the package. However you shouldn’t have said that to Tony.”
“WAKE UP!”
Clint meanwhile was firing explosive arrows that were taking out vehicles as well as soldiers, “I think we lost the element of surprise.”
“STEVE!” the most insistent tone of voice woke Steve up enough to stop what he was doing and he stared down at Tony, his eyes widening in shock,
Slowly, so he didn’t send Zach into shock, he lowered them both down into the water until they were immersed to their necks and held Zach there, ignoring the bubbling boiling water that eventually began to simmer and cool as Zach calmed down.
“Wait a second.” Tony said, flying over the castle, “Is no one else going to deal with the fact Cap just said, Language?”
“Well, that wasn’t so hard,” Tony said, “I thought these fuckers were meant to be tough?”
Steve squeezed his fingers gently, “Promise I’ll try not to.” He sighed and looked around, “Is everyone else okay, Sam, Natasha?”
“I um, I don’t know yet.” Peter said, “Mamma and the lawyers are still working it out.”
“I hope all our dates don’t go like this.” Tony grumbled.
“Hush baby, it’s okay.” Tony said looking around for something to bind Peter’s chest, he tore open draws and cabinets until he found bandages and swiftly set about winding them around Peter’s torso, “Try and hold your arms up baby.” He encouraged moving as fast as he could. He winced every time Peter moaned in pain, the poor boy was in agony and losing blood at a frankly terrifying rate.
“Am ready.” Zach said, even though he was still wearing his pyjama bottoms.
Tony was wearing a suit, which he’d teamed up with a pair of bright red trainers. He had a thing for wearing trainers instead of proper shoes, something that irked Pepper apparently, especially when she had to wrestle him out of the trainers and force him into dress shoes for galas and other black tie events.
“Wow, Daddy, you have whales?”
There were very few people that were just happy that Peter hadn’t ended up in the system and was being raised in a happy household, which was partly why Peter’s group of friends was small.
Vision remained impassive and Kovarian grew impatient, “Get out of my way or she dies!”
“I am upset, very upset. I am being betrayed by my friend, my Pepperoni. My Peppercorn is telling me I’m fat.”
“Well this is more than Special Steve, it’s perfect.” Tony said hugging and kissing him, “Thank you.”
Police Precinct
“Fuck, J, have I got flu?” He asked Jarvis as he panted against the toilet bowl, wincing as his back throbbed dully.
Zach was all big eyes and curious babbling as he looked about at all the new faces, even Natalie Rushman who’d just become Pepper’s P.A, for some reason Tony couldn’t put his finger on, he didn’t feel comfortable letting Natalie around Zach, something about her just made him uneasy. It wasn’t that she was openly flirting with him, plenty of female Alpha’s had done that in the past, it wasn’t that she’d kicked Happy’s ass in the boxing ring after he and Happy had stopped sparring, that had been amusing and impressive. There was just something about her he found unnerving and until he trusted her she wasn’t getting baby sitting privileges.
It was like the Captain knew him, or had known him, but that wasn’t possible, the Asset had no past that Hydra didn’t create, he existed for them, was created by them, he didn’t have friends or anything that people had because he wasn’t a person, he was just a weapon.
Tony was still only half convinced that this wasn’t some kind of hallucination as Steve carried him to the penthouse, making his way through the redecorated apartment and taking Tony into his bedroom.
The bullet had been removed successfully, it had pierced his large intestine but the surgeons had been able to repair the damage, for now he was on a temporary colostomy to give the wound and organ a chance to heal, but would be able to get rid of the bag once he had recovered.
Zach was getting better at putting on his clothes. He always put his underpants on first, then his socks, which had colours to show where the toes and heel went. His Shirts were ease, he could just pull them on, although he sometimes got them back to front. It was his pants he would struggle with.
“What’s wrong Jarvis?” the Captain asked setting down his pencil.
Zach knew he was going to be in trouble but he didn’t care, he wanted to be with his Mamma and he was going to be with him no matter what.
“An excellent likeness.” Tony said grinning at Rhodey and narrowed his eyes at him but thanked Zach enthusiastically. “Hey, guys, did I ever tell you about mine and Rhodey Spring Break fun back in 89?”
“Lets go Gentlemen.” She called out to them.
“The last time I checked, concealing a crime, is in fact a crime. Not counting possible charges of Aiding and Abetting, Accessory after the fact. Attempting to pervert the course of justice.”
“I know.” Steve murmured, “I just didn’t want to let everyone down,” He scoffed, “But I did that anyway.”
Once they had returned to New York Tony and Steve began to make wedding plans, assuring Zach he could be Page boy. Steve surprised everyone by not choosing Sam to be his best Man but instead chose Peter, who had been the one to help pick out the engagement ring.
“Thanks Nat.” Tony said.
Steve gave a small smile, “I’ll keep that in mind.” In truth he had always thought Bucky would be his Best Man at his wedding, had he ever got married, part of him still wished Bucky could be his best man but unless a miracle happened and they found him before the wedding, that wouldn’t be happening.
The receptionist gave him a withering look, "You'll have to wait for the Doctors to speak with you, I'll page them to let them know you've arrived."
Steve smiled, taking off his jacket and tossing it to one side, he kicked off his trainers and gestured for Tony to scoot over enough for him to get on the bed. He stretched out besides Tony, who was staring at him in surprise, “Do you need a bedtime story?” he gently teased,
As his jeep sped through the streets of Novi Grad Strucker looked back to see Iron Man drones setting down to protect the civilians from the Hydra soldiers and get them medical attention if needed.
Tony snorted softly, because clearly things weren’t going to work out, their evening had already gone to shit.
“Not allowed to go with strangers.” Zach said, sliding off the sofa, he looked at his Brother and the Captain, then he turned and tried to run. He was fast on his feet but Maya had the advantage of longer strides an easily caught him, lifting him up and clamped a hand over his mouth, swearing when he bit her.
“No one need ever know we were there.” Steve said, “And like Tony said, we wouldn’t hurt him.”
After that it was just a matter of dealing with Thanos’ forces on earth, which the united teams were handling and within a day it was all over.
“Different how?” Ned asked.
The three of them ran down the road, glancing over their shoulders and seeing Hydra agents coming out of the museum and it didn’t take long for them to spot the three agents.
“Why didn’t he tell us?” Clint asked,
The Avengers had not been able to get to London in time to do anything but help with the clean up after Thor, Darcy Lewis, Jane Foster, and Dr Selvig had defeated the Elves.
Tony shook his head and looked down at his lap, “I don’t know what to say,” he admitted, “I thought you hated me, thought you didn’t want anything to do with me, and now you’re telling me that you like me?”
That did not mean he wasn’t going to do everything in his power to try.
“You have Zach and Peter. They will need you more than ever and you have to be their Father and care for them, that will mean more to Tony and hunting down his killer.”
“A solid counter.” Clint agreed, “Mission departure time?”
“Hey Zachy, how you doing?” Peter laughed, hugging his little brother.
“Hey, no you didn’t, and you were very brave for trying to face your fear. You should be proud that you did that, no beating yourself up because it triggered you.”
Thor leading a group of warriors from Space including a talking Racoon with a gun and a talking, walking tree!
Steve carried Peter out to the care and got into the back with him, Peter’s head resting in his lap and his hands covering Peter’s ears as Tony drove back to the tower, ordering Jarvis to let Bruce know they were coming home and to have the lab ready with a bed and equipment for Peter.
The air was knocked out of Tony’s lungs and he groaned in pain, rolling onto his side as he wheezed and tried to get back onto his feet, but Wanda’s magic wrapped about him like red vipers, yanking his arms up over his head and locking them in place. It clamped onto his knees, keeping them on the ground, immobilizing him and leaving him at her mercy.
For a moment Steve contemplated going into the building and introducing himself to Stark, but he thought better of it right away. What would he say to the Omega? “I knew your Father seventy years ago, want to catch a game some time so I don’t have to be alone all the time?” Steve scoffed at himself and began the slow trudge back to his apartment which Shield had gotten for him. He needed to do something, needed to find something for himself, a job maybe, so at least he wouldn’t be stuck in four walls totally alone.
“Then we have the makings of a plan….” Steve trailed off as three men in black combat suits marched through the doors at the end of the hall, he glanced over his shoulder and saw three more there, “Looks like we’ve got company.”
“The head is nearly out.” The Doctor said, “Just one or two more contractions.”
Feeling brave Tony rolled up his jeans to over his knees and slowly waded out until the water reached his mid shins.
“You’re my Son too.” Steve said moving up to sit behind Peter and put his arm about the boy’s shoulders, “You and Zach are my sons, and I love you as my own flesh and blood. Please don’t ever think that our lives would be better without you because it isn’t true, we love you Peter, unconditionally.”
Steve sighed dramatically, “Honestly, I’ve pretty much resigned myself to having permanent competition for his attention.”
“Mamma.” Morgan babbled beaming at Tony gummily. She turned her head as the sound of the Quinjet landing reached them and Rhodey came in, walking thanks to the braces Tony had made him.
Clint lolled his head to look at her and grinned, “If you clown are looking to get on with the torture shit, then I suggest you untie Nat. She could teach you asswipes everything you never wanted to learn about torture. Natural little sadist is our Natasha here.”
Zach was pretty clingy after learning about Stane; he was struggling to sleep in his own bed too, something he hadn’t had a problem with in over a year.
"And we won't." Steve said firmly, "Peter is strong and he will get through this." While he was not showing it as clearly as Tony was, he was just as frightened as the Omega, he was simply trying to stay strong for Tony, trying to be the support that Tony needed him to be right now. But inside he was a wreck, was terrified they would lose Peter and if that happened he had no idea what they would do. He loved that kid like he was his own Son and the thought of losing him was enough to make him feel physically sick.
“Because it hadn’t activated.” Tony said his excitement growing and as it did his hands began to motion about as he spoke, “There was a theory some time ago, about how mutations like the serum needed a trigger to activate in the blood, massive amounts of adrenaline. When you were exposed to the vita rays it hurt like hell didn’t it?” Steve nodded, recalling that agony all to easily, “And it’s safe to say you were scared out of your mind, more than you’d ever been in your life.” Tony said, “Your adrenaline levels would have been going through the roof, just as Barnes’ would have been when he was falling. He’d have been terrified, knowing he was going to die and that it was going to hurt, that would have been enough to trigger the serum and with it’s healing factor he might just have managed to survive.”
On their ride back up to the penthouse in the lift, Tony looked at Steve in amazement. “I didn’t know you would do that. Out yourself as a gay man just like that.”
“Quiet boy!” Norman barked at him. He smiled at the Principal, “Boy’s fight.” He said shrugging his shoulders, “The odd scrap in a playground is nothing unusual, why I had scrapped knuckles and a split lip many a time.” He looked to Harry, “We that all my Son had suffered I would written it off as hot-headed youths letting their tempers get the better of them. But it is not just a few bruises, Harry’s nose was broken in two places, he has a cracked cheekbone, and several of his teeth were knocked loose. It will take surgery to repair the damage to his face, meaning my poor boy will have to endure more pain.”
“Monster.”
Compound.
The marriage had been arranged by Howard as soon as it had become clear that Maria would bear no further children. Already two had been lost, a son at three hours old, a daughter stillborn, and countless miscarriages, before finally she had delivered a healthy Omega Son, Tony.
