“Well, so did you.” Dean rolls one of his last two beers across the table to Sam. He’s earned it. “Hexbags. New body. So what, you some kinda witch now?”
“So, yes,” he says. “I will help you. What was done to the Darkness can be done to God, if he is as weak as you say. And I know how. That’s the spell.”
“Well,” she says, casually, like she didn’t come here with the sole purpose of bring Kaia home. “If you want. Come back to Sioux Falls? My home?”
Heavy silence fills the room. Guilt and dread, past and future, mingle together, churn nauseatingly.
It’s bigger, more defined than the last. Heavier too, the weight of responsibility. But also the promise that they might actually have a way out of this snuff movie.
. Telling Mick Jagger he had no future when I dumped him and, well. Everything with dear Fergus. Then one day you die, you go to Hell, they make you queen and… you can’t make it right.”
He goes for his angel blade, positions his hand over the chalice and, “Wait, wait, wait. Are you sure?”
They visit the Chuckle Brothers who are such caricatures, with their brooding eyebrows and isolated cabin in the woods and
“Jack still doesn’t have a soul,” Sam says, and even though Dean knew, hearing it out loud makes that newly hollow place in his gut echo. “And now he’s been in the empty for months! We have no idea where his head is right now.”
It’s grassy, or a dull parody of grassy anyway, dry dead weeds sprouted along the bank of the grey, muddy river. It’s not at all like the rocky stream Benny led Dean down last time, but the sound of the water is almost the same and
Cas laughs too, and it’s been so long since Dean got to enjoy the crinkles around his eyes that the sudden brightness of Cas’ beautiful, lamp-lit face almost takes his breath away.
He shaves too, and puts clean clothes on. Fresh as a daisy. Or whatever. He’s suddenly ravenous for food that isn’t dried and boxed, so he heads towards the kitchen. As he gets close, though, he can hear Sam’s footsteps still pacing the length of the library, occasionally taking a detour circuit of the war room or circling the barracks corridors.
His voice is steel, and Cas looks him in the face for the first time since he walked out and it’s like a punch to the solar plexus because that night he’d looked tired and sad and resigned and
Cas is obviously done sharing, too. The awkwardness is stifling, and after a few beats of uncomfortable silence, Cas says, “Where’s Sam?”
“I suppose,” Cas says, stepping in to the room. “We could always send him out now and let Chuck burn him out again.”
When they finally pull into the Bunker, Eileen jumps out of the car before it’s even in park and the slam of her door seems to spark something in Sam too, thank-- Well. Not
She pours herself a drink, sets the bottle down on a nearby rock, then turns a corner and they’re suddenly in a large chamber straight out of Game of Thrones.
He’s been sure Cas has known for a while now, thought the long looks and lingering touches and the gentle simmer between them was clear, thought maybe they were both waiting for the right time except there is no right time for them.
Lilith obviously isn’t impressed with their attitude or their updated arsenal, because she blasts them across the room and Sam is knocked out cold.
He doesn’t do this, as a rule, but if this tangle of issues is all his own, might as well start unravelling.
There is nothing but quiet stillness around him, and the ticking timebomb inching closer and closer.
“Yup. And he ain’t exactly trustworthy, either. He told us he couldn’t kill Jack, remember? About three minutes before he iced him.”
This chapter is spondered by my undending need for TFW to just fucking talk about some of their trauma occationally, and also I apologise in advance because this is the written equivalent of a long take in that there are no scene breaks, sorry!
He also gets a bit flirty in the weirdest way, which Dean is gonna take as a compliment even though he isn't interested right now. He’s still got it.
Dean’s frowning at the bottles when Sam trots back up from quarters. He looks surprised that Dean is still there, which is fair considering how much time Dean spent avoiding him lately.
“Ha! Very funny,” she dismisses him, stalks over to Sammy and no no no no. “This one here could be interesting.”
“I know, I know. Look, she’s not the most reliable witness but. Best friends don’t just up and leave without saying goodbye.”
Guilt and dread make for a noxious mixture, churning in his stomach, his head, his heart. As desperately as Dean wants to do better by Jack, he can’t exactly give him the benefit of the doubt again. They all ignored those early warning signs, last time, and it got mom dead.
“Yeah,” Garth agrees jovially, then all humour drops from his expression like a stone. “So, what’s up with your teeth?”
But… Lee has a place here, a home. He’s like a pig in shit, in his element; smiling and winking at the band, the patrons, the staff. Every single person who walks past him waves at him, says hi.
Sam is struggling against the remaining zip-tie, twisting his arm frantically, but before Dean can help him Chuck appears right behind him.
Okay, so maybe she read him a little deeper than booze, boobs and bacon, but still. It’s distraction, and it’s not gonna work for her any better than it worked for Joey Six. Dean keeps his mouth shut, forces himself to breathe slowly through his nose and keep calm, wills Sam to do the same.
Inside is nicer, marginally. The wood trim is shabby, the wallpaper peeling, but the floor isn’t sticky and the felt on the tables is neat and well fitted.
He slides a scrap of paper across the desk, torn from one of the books, looks like, and won’t Sammy be pleased.
Last time Dean saw Garth, they were tying him up and tossing him in the trunk of the impala. Afterwards - after Dean tentatively took back control of his own body and Sam wouldn’t leave him alone for more than the span of a toilet break - Cas had headed back into Kansas City by himself to tie up lose ends, including taking Garth home.
“Maybe,” Dean says, brain whirring through any other solution. “Maybe Chuck was lying, maybe I can take it the mark again and--”
Dean misses Cas desperately. All of him. And that purity of Purgatory whispers in his head that all he has to do it suck it up and apologise.
And, yeah, he supposes it is. Dean doesn’t really want to get into all that comic shit tonight, wanted just a few hours off.
“We had to try,” Dean says, squares up. She wants them dead, she better believe they’re gonna fight.
It’s mostly the kind of stock rations they can’t make use of on the move. He takes what he can. It’s no marshmallows and mac and cheese but they’ve got a few bottles of water, the remnants of Dean’s jerky stash and three tins of spam, and they can pick up discounted bread at any corner store on the way. They’ve survived for longer on less.
Dean has no idea what they actually need for the spell; Sam got the Hogwarts crash course from Rowena, not him. He takes a jar from between the familiar purple rockrose and the yellow acacia - some kind of dried red blossom he can’t remember the name of - sniffs it and puts it back while Sam stands in the doorway looking judgy.
“Well, yeah!” Dean shouts, and some of the comforting old anger seeps through the cracks. “We’re supposed to be past this, man! We’re supposed to be done sacrificing ourselves for other peoples’ cosmic plans!”
He’s let actual monsters go on good faith before, but any faith he had in Lee is still tied up in the basement.
Thankfully Dean has his mouth stuffed with cotton wool so Sam takes the hit, summarises the last 15 years as briefly as possible. Garth takes it on board like only Garth can; by designating himself a side-character and then casually mentioning that him and his super strong werewolf wife are into bondage. Ain’t that a picture.
Dean always forgets that Garth was training to be a dentist before he fell into hunting. Apparently, he went back to school sometime between meeting Bess and hunting Michael, and he has a full on basement surgery thing going on for the in-laws.
He’s already used his powers to dreamwalk, he’s seen for certain that real Kaia is still alive, and, oh yeah, apparently he has a reaper nanny now.
“I dunno,” Sam says. “A rift just opened up in the middle of the room, and these two guys climb out of a car and they look just like us--”
These people know him and accept him, and yeah, Dean can admit he’s envious of that. He has two people in the whole world he can relax with, and one of them isn’t talking to him.
Garth walks them out into the crisp morning air, and well. They might be dead by divine murder-suicide before they see him again, they can’t leave the guy still thinking he’s been playing second fiddle.
“I always liked that crusty son of a bitch,” Lee laughs, and Dean knows that’s not true, but people get weirdly polite when death is involved. Hell, Sam did the same thing.
They haven’t been safe for a long time, nobody who gets close to them ever is. Hell, more than once, the people they met exactly once have come back to haunt them as a big ol’ target for the baddie of the week. Maybe Cas isn’t used to being on this side of that threat, Dean thinks viciously. Maybe if he stuck around more often he’d know how this works.
“Where are all the demons?” Cas finally asks, as they enter a smaller room lined with creepy-eyed little gargoyles.
He honestly hadn’t thought about Lee in years but now he can’t stop, and it’s all twisted together with exhaustion and tied in a neat little bow of all the other crap he’s actively not thinking about.
Cas sighs again, and he really does look like the whole world is on his shoulders. He taps his phone, even though the screen has gone dark. Visibly considers his next words.
Oh this girl is so his type. He wishes he didn’t feel like everything he does these days is Chuck’s personal peepshow.
Eileen’s only been topside for a few months, it can’t have been easy for her. They all know that kind of trauma sticks.
Outside, it’s still daylight. It feels like they’ve been in that dark little shack for weeks, but no; it’s only been one evening, and the sun is rising same as it always does. It’s a sunrise Dean honestly wasn’t sure he was going to see.
Brad has a chipped front tooth and a real bad attitude but when Sammy’s famous puppy-eyes fall flat, Bess has to qualms about digging her nails directly into her cousin’s open wounds,
right up until it curdles in his belly and Dean finds himself crouching over the filthiest toilet he has ever thrown up in while held at gunpoint.
The motel is suddenly right there, and any plan Dean might have had to stall her by driving around the block a few times are moot. He takes his time parking, pretends to think about which door is theirs, fumbles the key on purpose. Anything to slow them down because he’s unarmed and his ribs are bruised and his only hope now is to hold out long enough for Sam to catch up.
“A leviathan blossom?” Dean has a sinking feeling. He knew it sounded too easy. “What’s that, like a flower?”
But there’s a catch right now too; they could stop fighting, follow Chucks plan and live until he’s ready for the finale, but it’d be a messy, miserable, lonely life that would end in a messy, miserable, lonely death.
Cas left, like everyone always leaves Dean eventually. Cas needs to come back, needs to make that choice on his own. Dean’s not gonna beg.
But all those other times - the demon blood, killing Lilith, taking on Lucifer, the Trials, opening the cage, working with the Brits. All of those things were Sam hellbent on doing
None of those things would work on Dean - he’s admittedly a little clumsy most days, his body is functional at best and he’s never been great at sympathy with the asshole witnesses anyway. No. Instead, Chuck took away his comfort blankets; his favourite foods and reliable old Baby.
“Well,” says Cas when Dean voices his concern. “If we see it we’ll know. It’s likely the only flower here.”
Lilith waxes poetic about the lamest form of torture, like she’s forgotten she delivered Dean’s immortal soul to Hell. He reminds her -
He doesn’t seem too upset, has the cue ball tucked into the corner nice and tight. But Joey Six doesn’t know how many countless, bored hours Dean has spent haunting bars and roadhouses, making his own fun with more and more complicated trick shots.
Dean checks his phone timer. They’ve wasted an hour already. They have 11  hours left to find something neither of them saw in a whole year, they need to pick up the pace.
“Not sure,” Garth admits. “The guy who told me said it was in Alaska, on the road between Barrow and Kotzebue. He said
“I’m sorry it took me so long--” his eyes are damp, nose streaming. His voice sounds nasally and wet. He’s a ridiculous fucking mess. And there’s so much more he wants to say, things he always imagined saying to Cas’ face one day when it’s all over and the world is safe and their family is alive and whole and--
Dean is scrubbing his split knuckles with the alcohol wipes they keep under the sink when Sam sticks his head round the door.
“Yeah, but, icing on the cake?” he suggests. Cas offers him another of those indulgent smiles, shakes his head. “C’mon. Chuck wanted Cain and Abel, and now we’re going all biblical on him! Killed by his own grandson, sounds right to me.”
Cas himself is sat on the floor in the middle of the third storage room, back ramrod straight, a giant bestiary propped open on his crossed legs. Dean carefully tiptoes through the piles of assorted crap, even manages not to knock anything over.
Sam, though, seems vindicated, glad that his instinct was on the money and happy to move on to problem solving.
“They’re scared,” she says, and Dean doesn’t ask her how Real Kaia is feeling if these horrors are terrified, but then they’re at the camp and she’s dirty and wary but she’s alive.
After a moment that feels like an age, Sam falls to his knees. Lets the orb roll away and sags, battered and broken.
He doesn’t sound particularly happy about it, and that softens the blow a little. Still doesn’t feel great that after all the progress Dean thought they’d made the last few days, Cas is leaving again.
The cherry on top of the universes shittiest pie is the tiny little bubble of hope he'd been harbouring, nestled neatly beneath the churning anxiety in his gut. Despite himself, despite the constant nagging feeling that Chuck would be back eventually, Dean’d started to desperately hope that it really was over, that he was just being paranoid, that they could move on. Now that the bubble has burst, Dean hates himself for even entertaining it.
It should be easy enough to drop in, ask Rowena to get some minions on it and leave, but of course it isn’t. Rowena isn’t there, she’s busy throwing a welcome party, which is so perfectly on brand Dean’s not even mad.
“Hey, no,” he says, because she’s spiralling. “This is obviously important to you, Claire. Don’t apologise for that.”
“He looks like my dad,” she conforms. Swallows. “And… I don’t know what my dad would’ve said about me being gay, not really. I know he loved me, but. Dude was talking to angels, you don’t get much more bible-basher than that, right?”
When Dean’s eyes drift closed he can almost hear Lee breathing in his ear, sweet nothings turned into wheezing last breaths; pressed together chest to chest in Lee’s bar, resigned and hurt; in motel beds, soft and tender; Cas pressing him into the wall of some stinking alley- an old warehouse- an empty restaurant- a mouldy crypt, furious and disappointed.
He’s had this existinal crisis before - when he failed to stop his mom from making the deal with Yellow-eyes, when that cupid admitted heaven played matchmaker to guarantee his conception, when Michael looked at him with his fathers face in 1978 and told him,
Cas smiles sadly at the next picture - Jack slumped in one of the armchairs, intensely playing on his phone and looking every inch the normal teenager - and sighs.
Maybe that’s true, maybe it’s not. Maybe those visions were the future, maybe they’re the past. Either way, it’s the endgame Chuck wants. And they’re not gonna fucking give it to him.
Dean’s just thinking, as they board their Magical Mystery Tour back home, that at least they’ll get a breather while they work on plan D for Dead-end, but then they land right where they started in the library and it’s not Cas hovering over the spell, it’s Jack.
“Chasing missing persons?” Lee scoffs. “I thought you’d be on to bigger things by now. Like the, uh, Lock Ness Monster? Bigfoot?”
And, well. It’s not like they haven’t spent decades making shitty deal after shitty deal. They can’t really harangue Jack for the same thing.
The sharp sting of the blade does clear his head a little, but it doesn’t last long enough before Cas heals him. His hand hovers awkwardly, close enough to feel the warmth of his skin but not quite touching, and Dean turns away. He can’t deal with that on top of everything else right now, they need to focus.
Dean is 100% down to shoot them when they wriggle their way out of touching the silver pen. Who the hell doesn’t have a phone in 2019? Really?!
mad that they have to ask some rando demon to take them to her. He’s outright fucking pissed when rando leads them to a trap, instead.
It had been real nasty, and Dean's never seen that kind of monster since. Human-passing cannibals, posing as preachers. Predators luring in desperate kids under the banner of faith, and taking everything from the poor bastards before finally putting them out of their misery.
“What the hell, Dean?!” Sam hollers from one of the archive rooms, but Dean is already pulling out drawers at random. They keep two in the car, but there’s a couple spare ones stashed up here somewhere and this was closer than the garage and time is of the essence here and-- Ah! There!
“Look, I know you’re better than me at pretty much everything, okay? That’s okay!” he says, because it sounded a little harsher than he means it. “I’m not mad, I’m proud! But I can wipe the floor with you when it comes to pool.”
Singing is one of those things he used to do with his mom when he was very small. He remembers singing to her round belly when she could barely walk anymore, and then to baby Sammy when he as born. After she died, Dean sang to Sam in the awful, scratchy motel cribs to get him to sleep, but never when dad could hear him.
“What bump-in-the-night can I help you boys with this time?” she asks immediately when they pull up a little after 7.
“We’ll see,” Chuck says, eventually, that same vaguely entertained look in his eyes, and vanishes without even the snap flourish he’s fond of.
As it is, he’s got a throbbing lump on the back of his head and there’s a suspiciously cage like door rattling in front of him. Dean can hear footsteps above him.
Jack was on all of them. They all agreed on using Lily’s magic to bring him back. They all knew the costs. They were all worried. And not a single one of them wanted to act when they first suspected. And then it was too late, and Mom was dead and Dean, well.
Of course her whole guiding light speech was Chuck’s purple prose, of course it was. Nobody writes clunky dialogue like him.
There’s four or five sprouting together in the middle, the biggest and most fleshy-coloured standing proudly in the middle.
Soooo, I was not feeling the last update, I finished the next one and it was not flowing, so I have replaced that chapter with this one, and I might rework the flashback into a coda once I've finished school in a few weeks
Everybody just stares after her, then at the empty stairwell, until a door slams somewhere above them.
Dean is poison, the very touch of him corrupts. Dean won’t sully the last imprint for Cas he has left, fuck.
The first two archive rooms are Cas’ patented brand of organised chaos, piles of folders and curse boxes and books sorted by whatever system makes sense to Cas and Cas alone. To Dean it looks like a tornado hit, but he knows from experience if he asked for one specific file from the debris, Cas find it for him in seconds. Or, y'know. He would if he was actually talking to Dean.
Dean leans into the breakfast island just to keep his feet, digs his nails into his palm to stay focused on the gun Billy’s mom is still waving, but his mind is racing.
Dean doesn’t wait for him to finish. He ducks around Sammy’s worried eyebrows, pegs it back to his room. The thing isn’t there anymore, or not visible at least, but if it’s really there and it’s really him then they can rig up another spell, cook him a new body, and--
He has that look that again, soft and disappointed, that rubs Dean the wrong way. Like Dean should still be reeling from his daddy’s death over a decade later, like talking about it is gonna break him. The look reminds Dean of Sam’s careful sympathy back at the bunker and Dean does not care for it in the least.
Dean takes a rattling breath, digs deep into that rage. He’s been hollow for so long that it’s euphoric to feel
He steps out of the kitchen looking just as exhausted as either of them, but Dean knows the stubborn bastard won’t admit he needs a nap too.
Anyhow, they’re in, and Sam barricades the door and then things get real Indiana Jones. Riddles and following moonlight silhouettes and floorboard hidey holes and, when they pull the silver orb out it’s soft velvet bag and into the light,
“Yeah, yeah,” Lee chuckles. “Your old man saved my ass. Anyway, you know all my hunting stories, dude, and they ain’t all misery. Pony up - what’s the funniest shit you’ve seen?”
He also can’t have this conversation in a bar full of civvies, so he shakes his head at Lee’s meaningful look and drains his beer.
“Yeah, just,” Dean breathes, focuses on the case and not his personal pile of issues. “Something seems off here.”
There’s still nothing, no signs of life anywhere, and he’d be more concerned about that if he wasn’t going out of his head.
And she’s young and traumatised and so tired she probably doesn’t know what she’s saying, but still.
Also, there's been a lot of spectulation floating about on tumblr this weekend about the series finale etc., so I just wanted to note that this story is fully plotted and planned out to the end, and will not take into account any spoilers for anything after 15.13
It’s frustrating and messy, trying to navigate his bundle of issues. He’s spent years trying to untangle what was him and what was his dad, slowly and haltingly, in between keeping the world from nose-diving off a cliff. And now he has to go back, start all over again and work out which knots were tied by the big G-O-D himself.
“Dean Winchester, unbelievable. Hey, Lorna,” Lee calls the waitress over, the pretty dark haired one from before. “Lorna! Hey, can we get a couple a beers for me and my boy here.”
“Trust me,” Dean says. “Bigger doesn’t always equal better. Beside who’s gonna look out for the little guy? God certainly isn’t.”
But, recent questionable parenting choices aside, Dean likes Bess, and he knows she means well. He can’t bring himself to refuse when she hands him another bag of fresh grilled cheese for the road, so he wishes her well and, Christ, does he mean it. Their improbable little family deserves to be safe and happy.
At his worst, Dean wanted to… Well. Let’s say he took a few unnecessary risks and if he’d heroically taken a hit to save someone who deserved to live, he’d have been okay with it.
“So. Eileen went out this morning,” Sam starts. Dean has no idea what time it is right now. He nods. “She didn’t say where and she’s not answering her texts.”
“You go that way,” Dean points. “I’ll go this way. We’ll meet back at the rift, alright? We’ll cover more ground, we’ll better our odds.”
, and Dean feels a rush that has nothing to do with he crowd. He’s pulled into another hug, and Lee steers him off the platform with the arm still around his shoulder.
Which, fair point, but it’s not like they ever were the call first type. Dean shrugs at her, mostly with his face. She rolls her eyes, her smile playful, and pulls them each in for a hug.
. But he also wants to do better, and there’s no reason not to take a minute to explain. “Just an idea. A long shot, but-- Okay, the Demon Tablet, right?”
“Oh I am dear,” she says cheerfully. “Pretty much everyone here is. When I closed the fissure, it did cost me my life and my soul went to Hell. Big surprise.”
Lee pats his thigh, looks up at Dean through his eyelashes like he used to. Dean swallows bile, stares at the grate welded to the door because he can’t look at Lee anymore.
Sam drops his hand to the table, looks at Dean like he’s being obtuse. Maybe he is, but being a hypocrite is part of Dean’s charm and he’s not gonna change that right now.
Billie nods. “And so are you. I told you Dean, you and your brother have work to do. This is your destiny. You are the Messengers of God.”
“Do I like it?” he asks, she gives him a knowing little smile that says his stalling is wasted on her. “Uh,” - eloquent, Winchester - “I do.”
Underneath all the crap, he’s missed Cas like a limb. Deam misses working with him, misses how he rambles when he finds an interesting bit of lore, his dry comments when he stumbles across a complete mistranslation of Enochian. Misses seeing him in the library at 4am when Dean's having a bad night, or catching Cas sneaking peanut butter in the kitchen even though he insists he doesn’t like the molecule taste.
It doesn’t ease the awful, tense ache squeezing the back of Dean neck, the base of his skull, until the grace settles and Cas gasps in a breath and it relieves the building pressure in Dean’s chest too.
He drops his bag and his churning anxiety on the floor, just takes a second to get his bearings because
Dean grabs a plate, doesn’t look at where Sam is perched against the table, arms crossed and chin raised.
It wouldn’t be the first time with Lee, and if he didn’t remember leaving the bar this morning, he might think it was par for the course.
everything, for the right reasons or the wrong ones and you’ll only be saved if you’re still useful to someone, somewhere.
“No, Dean, my sense of direction is excellent,” Cas says, so deadpan that Dean is almost convinced he isn’t playing. “That’s a different corpse.”
The smell is even more potent when he starts mashing the thing. The blossom releases a familiar black goo, mixing with the seeds and turning to paste. Ugh, gross. Cas gestures for Dean to add the nectar. Recites some Enochian, sprinkles the myrrh into the flowery mixture.
Dean makes himself stare at the door for long enough to explain the damp burning feeling behind his eyes.
He knows that Sam has been texting Cas every day. He knows he hasn’t been getting any reply. Dean has been keeping his thoughts on lockdown, or trying to, because he knows he’s never really broken the habit of praying that he developed in Purgatory, but he has no way of knowing how much leaks through and even though they’ve never outright talked about it, Cas sometimes lets slip that he spider-senses way more than Dean is comfortable with.
“Yeah, better than I ever thought I’d get. I mean, hunting- I figure I’d be dead before I’m forty. Y’know, go out young and pretty,” Garth says, warm and fond where most people would sound jaded and bitter. “But now. I’ve got a great wife, great kids. I guess, sometimes things work out.”
Dean drags himself across the wreckage, grabs a bottle of whatever’s still intact and slumps to the floor.
“She was a good girl, y’know,” she sounds upset, and Dean sympathises. Having a best friend vanish on you sucks ass. “She loved Jesus and--”
The spell needs blood of someone who’s already been to Hell, which excludes exactly nobody present, but Dean’s bled for less and a little pain should get his head back in the game.
But this is Sam’s game, it’s Sam’s call. Dean trusts him, he needs to step back and let Sam make the choice.
Lee grins at him again, big and genuine and cheeky. The kind of grin that used to mean they were gonna get into some trouble.
Cas isn’t Jimmy, but Claire had seemed pleased in her own deflective way that he was in her life, even if it was at the end of a text chain. Cas doesn’t give himself enough credit for
Which is just fine with Dean, because it means he can grab a bottle of scotch and a fresh box of crunchy, chocolatey goodness without Sam’s furrowed eyebrows and judgemental sideburns following him across the kitchen.
He did it for Adam, he could do it for Cas. Except he’s probably never going to see Adam again, and Cas is going to stick around at least some of the time. Hopefully.
He’s certainly not desperately trying to earn his dad’s approval any more, anyway. He’s grown above his dads expectations in the last 10 years, he knows he has because it’s been an agonising, slow, stumbling progress.
“I’ve felt like that,” he admits. Has for a long, long time, but that’s not relevant here. “After Chuck, after the cript.” After Cas left. Again. “But you know what brought me back? You. You did. Saying that what we do still matters. That’s why I wanted to drag us out here, that’s why I wanted to work a case. To save lives, y’know. ‘Cause it is, it’s- its a crap job. We do the ugly thing so that people can live happy.”
makes every muscle in his back tense up at once, lights up an anxiety leftover from the days of trailing after his dad in the wrong kind of bars, too young and much too pretty.
She’s being glib, thinks they’re spouting purple prose. Well, she wants to get chatty, Dean can do chatty.
Cas closes the gap. Moves his hand that last half-inch and gently cups Deans jaw, fingertips just grazing the bolt. It jolts with pain for an instant, then the hot-cold flash of grace and then just the soothing warmth of Cas’ massive hand on his face.
He remembers flicking through those Supernatural books, back when Chuck was just a weirdo with an open word document. They’d only picked up a few, but they’d gone into an awful lot of detail about Dean’s various sexcapades, with Cassie, with Lisa. It’d verged on bodice ripping, frankly.
“See, you boys left that room so fast you had no time to grab anything. So. The gun was never there. Would you really take something like that home? I mean, what if you
“Uh, no,” Cas says, smiles gently and doesn’t back off. Brave guy. “No, it’s not. Jody, it’s, um. Well. You know--” he sighs, starts over. “I was never able to make things right with Claire. What I took from her… I’m never going to be able to make that right.”
“Cas. Look, man. I’m sorry. For Jack, for-- for how I treated him. For- for what I did. He didn’t deserve that.”
“Hey,” Lee says, suddenly. “Remember that old song your dad used to play us before we’d go out on a hunt?”
Since Sam won, she breaks and she does not let him have even a sniff at the table. She doesn’t speak at all, barely even looks up to see if they’re still watching, just makes shot after shot after shot.
The kid - Billy - looks like Jack, a little. The shape of his eyes, the cut of his jawline, the earnest way his eyebrows scrunch together. He yells over his lying mother, “No! Enough!”, and Dean almost expects furniture to go flying across the kitchen.
Dean turns into the kitchen proper and finds Cas sitting at the table, flicking though something on his phone.
“Let me ask you something?” he has to ask, because he can’t imagine leaving the life behind and not drowning in guilt. That sharp stab under his ribs. It didn’t fade in his year at Lisa’s, he knows himself well enough to know it wouldn’t fade hiding in the ass-end of Texas for 15 years. “You ever regret it? Walking away?”
“Mornin’,” he says, takes a sip of his scalding bean juice because he really doesn’t know what to follow up with.
Between Sam’s pushy hopefulness and Eileen’s casual empathy, Dean feels like he must have a neon sign on his head that says
Dean’s ears are still ringing when Cas bursts in behind them, to an empty room and two dumbstruck Winchesters.
Dean grabs a six pack and slumps down in the war room as soon as they disappear. The glow from the map table is enough to light the room without being too bright, and Dean suddenly has a banging headache to counterpoint the lingering throb in his chest.
“No news!” Sam snaps, like Dean actually wanted an answer. “Nothing on messengers, nothing on Nephilim overpowering God, nothing on the balance of the fucking universe! I- I know you trust her, man, but Billie’s been wrong before and I can’t find a single bit of lore to back up her story.”
Leviathan dude grunts, rolls over looking offended. Good. Dean’s kinda offended he though he could take them out solo.
Billie is just as intimidating as ever, with he leather coat and the revamped scythe and the general bleeding aura of darkness and power.
Maybe it’s because he’s looking at a story about a blackout in Reno, maybe it’s because Sam spits the word
“You could always stay,” he breathes into Dean’s ear. “Forget the case for tonight. Me and Lorna’d be happy to take your mind off it, Deano. Like old times?”
“That you know of,” Claire’s voice calls down the hallway. “If Alex ever actually asks out that doctor she’s always texting me about--”
Once the anxiety starts to overtake the lingering dairy churning in his gut, Dean stops watching and starts feeling around the joins of his cage for anything loose and small enough to fit in a lock.
Cas and Merle lay their hands on the sigils and every ward in the bunker lights up with power. Jack opens the rift, and it holds long enough to for Not-Kaia to step through first.
Thankfully, they’re saved from themselves when the whole Bunker shakes like an earthquake, and it’s panic stations, go.
“Good, they’re good. And I know that for a fact,” she gestures vaguely around, “Because they’re all home. You picked a good night for family dinner.”
He’s surprised, then, when he steps into the bunker and can smell pancakes and bacon and… honey, maybe? Dean’s barely eaten anything for weeks, let alone
Dean’s never going to be the guy waving a flag at a Pride parade, it’s just not his scene. Too many people, too many strangers. And even though he knows better now, the echo of his Dad in his head still makes it feel kinda like advertising a weakness.
Since they’re already in Minnesota and half-committed to this impromptu mini-vacation, it makes sense to head out to Sioux Falls and check in with Jody too.
Naturally, they don’t get more than 10 feet in before they’re ambushed by Charlie’s friggin Angels and Dean might like domineering women but he’s been thrown into enough stone walls for life, thanks. He catches sight of Cas being ragdolled over Farrah Fawcett’s shoulder and Sammy being thigh-choked out by Jaclyn Smith before She-hulked Kate Jackson stands on his neck, but then;
He doesn’t say that, because there are people sat at either side of them and Lorna is smirking at them across the bar again, and Dean has no idea if Lee is open about that shit or not here. It’s always risky in these Texas backwoods.
. Sometimes they’d go years between joint hunts, months without seeing each other, and they had sex with other people as often as with each other when they did get together.
When he eventually untangles the chargers and finds the phone, it's marked FBI so he answers it without thinking.
For Dean, hunting is probably the closest he’s got to a purpose. His life is an ongoing shitshow, but if he can help more people than he’s hurt by the end he’ll take it as a win. Dean needs something positive to focus on or he gets lost in all the negatives, a float to keep him from drowning in his own head.
, John had spat, after he’d pulled the guy with the nose ring off of Dean and dragged his roofied ass out to the car,
Dean doesn’t know how to say that he knows, that there’s a pit inside him that Sam has only seen glimpses of, that his chest is a slow motion cave in, has been most of his life, crumbling and cracking and collapsing on his heart, his lungs, his damned fucking soul.
When he comes back baring fresh coffee, Sam and Eileen have also taken a break. Which, good for them. Hopefully they’re making out in a closet somewhere instead of whisper-giggling over lore in middle of the library.
“Let me,” Cas says, reaches across the table and Dean’s shoulders tense before he can commit to moving away or not.
What he does find himself doing, instead, inexplicably, is thinking of Metatron of all fucking people. Specifically the first time they met him, when he saved Kevin, before he proved himself to be a total douche canoe.
“You really that worried?” Dean asks, turning to check Sam is actually following him. “You said she was good last night, right?”
When the others eventually join him, beckoned by the smell of food, they don’t look well rested either. Eileen drowns herself in caffeine, Sam eats real pig without complaint.
“I know,” she says, and though she doesn’t exactly raise her voice it’s a clear admonishment. “I was busy. Can’t say I’m not disappointed though.”
“Fine. Yeah, I’ll play.” He pauses, meets the goddess’ eyes. “But not for our luck. For the lives of everybody in here.”
, but of course it doesn’t work like that when you’re trying to overthrow God. There is no easy fix, no matter how much awkward brainstorming they do.
Swap out that last word for ‘son’ and he could be describing Dean’s exact feelings when they found out about Adam. It might be funny if it wasn’t spiral after spiral in Chuck’s miserable story.
Let keep her secrets for now, she’ll have to tell them sooner or later. Honestly, he isn’t sure which would be the better option.
Either way, his phone tells him it’s 0300 and the benefit of an underground bunker with no natural light is that there’s no reason not to get up for ice cream at three in the morning.
He’s almost not surprised when it’s Dark Kaia who jumps out of the darkness at them. It’s nearly predictable now how fucking bad her timing is, always showing up to complicate matters when they’ve already got a heap of shit on their plates.
Nothing jumps out at them from behind the bright flashing machines, though. No sign of Chuck or Lilith or anything else, just Sam tied to a chair in the middle of the high-end slots.
“They’ll never be safe,” Sam says, placatingly. “As long as Chuck is out there it’s only a matter of time--”
Dean is starving after his aborted breakfast, but there’s a new display of chilli-chocolate candy bars and he can’t resist a nibble or two while Teddy rings him up.
She looks at each of them in turn, slow and oh so measured, like she might choose one at random to reap right now, a threat which is amplified by the pile of freshly dusted reaper she steps deliberately over.
Fortuna was clearly going easy in her down-on-her-luck disguise, but not too easy. Sammy’s no pushover, though, and he pots two on the break. He follows it up with two more, atta boy, and Fortuna goes from Mostly-Mute Moira to a regular Chatty Cathy.
Dean thinks of Jack, and he can tell Sam does too from the sharp inhale behind him, the hand on his shoulder briefly, and he thinks,
And, well. Destiny isn’t usually a concept that holds much water in Dean’s book. But he trusts Cas, and he doesn’t want to break the peace.
-- carved into him deeper than anything else ever has been, washed away before his eyes in a wave of existential, cosmic nothingness.
Sam pulls him in to a hug and Dean lets himself slump into it, and they shore each other up while the grief crashes over them.
Cas still stares at an entry on a weird horse-mermaid looking things, but his eyes stop following the words and Dean figures that’s as good as he’s gonna get.
Dean looked God in the eye and told him to fuck off, who does this weasely little shifter think he is?
“I should have stopped you. You’re my best friend but I just let you go. ‘Cause that was easier than admitting I was wrong.”
He ends up in the dungeon. Sits on the floor in front of the wall that became a doorway. It’s cold concrete now, smooth and unblemished.
He sits on the back porch and stares into the garden, phone redundant in his hand. Dean feels comfortable here, wants this kind of life for him and Sammy and--
The thing tilts it’s head, so so familiar, and something in Dean snaps and his voice is suddenly echoing around the library.
Yeah, they saved some people, sure, great, whatever, but now he can’t trust any of his own thoughts, any of his feelings. The two things he cares most about - family, and helping people - is that really him or was it Chuck?
Satisfied Mike is still in there, he follows Cas. Finds him sat at the kitchen table, hands clasped almost like in prayer. Who Cas would even pray
The app gives a cheery ping, “Okay, here we go,” and zooms in on, “Milford, Nebraska. At a casino. What the hell is Chuck doin’ at a casino?”
“Cas went to the empty,” Jack explains, eyebrows scrunched the same way Cas’ do and, fuck, Dean feels like he’s having an out of body experience. Dizzy and sick and frozen, useless. “Hopefully to find ruby, hopefully to find out where this Occultum thing is located. Hopefully.”
“Wow,” Dean says, nods, takes a step towards the door. “Thanks, Sam, for that rousing show of support, I’m gonna--”
Dean smashes the other chair arm, still tied to his wrist, rolls his shoulders. Then takes the head and climbs the stairs slowly. He really doesn’t want to do this.
She lets it breathe, lets it sit heavily in the air between them, paces leisurely down the length of the library tables.
“It’s like they were us, but I guess from another world?” Sam suggests, and yeah. Make sense, kinda.
A wide clearing covered in ashy half-rotted flesh and dust. Skulls that look like Jurassic Park props littered around and a few whole ribcages but no other discernible bones, which kinda makes sense for shapeshifting goo monsters but it’s hella unsettling.
Dean can’t bridge that gulf if it’s a temporary measure. He can’t risk it being worse the next time Cas walks away.
When he steels himself to look up, it looks sad again, eyebrows bunched, lips turned down. The bluest eyes Dean has ever known stare into the cavern of his chest, burn him to his core.
After that it’s an all out brawl, messy and brutal. Dean finds out what a heart attack feels like before Sammy does his Ginger Jr. whammy on mommy bitch and, okay, maybe the exception proves the rule because Dean definately does
Dean wants to throw his own phone across the room just to hear the delicate parts smash apart, but he redirects the momentum into lunging towards the nearest laptop and pulls up the Find My Phone app.
The luck they accidentally killed a guy for isn’t even enough to get Baby back to the diner. And now Sammy’s got himself a case to work, people to save, and never mind that they have bigger fucking fish frying right now.
Row after row of stacked vehicles surround him, and the rusty smell and creaky ambience are familiar in a way that makes him ache for Singer Salvage. Him and Sam still technically own that land, courtesy of Sheriff Mills, but they haven’t been back in years.
When they boned Dick Roman and got sucked into Purgatory last time, they were mobbed within seconds. Now, there’s nothing. Just the quiet crunch of grey-brown leaves under their cautious steps.
Dean’s gotta admit, though, the way Billy stoically leads them into the woods is pretty damn brave. He kneels in the scrub, sighs through his nose, jerks his head in a little half nod half shake movement.
The bad news is that he’s flittering about like a moth in a lamp store, and they have exactly zero chance of getting to him before he moves again.
Being soft is being dead, his dad used to tell him, and Dean has always had that gooey fucking centre. He spent years covering it in layers and layers of snark and attitude and his dad’s too big clothes, but it always seeped through somehow, always in the most inconvenient places.
He rests his forehead against Dean’s, sucks in those rattling breaths. His hands are pressed on Dean’s chest, and if he closed his eyes it could be desperately intimate.
Bess is pretty sure the wounds are from a wraith, and doesn’t that just raise a whole bunch of questions they’ll have to ask when Sleeping Beauty wakes up. Dean’s mulling it over, absently grabs at a bowl of candy by the bed and son of a bitch, that
Dean’s eyes have slipped closed, he realises, and for a blessed few seconds before Cas drops his hand there is no Chuck, no end of the world, nothing but this,
Dean doesn’t know if God has been pushing them together all this time or if he just put bigger and bigger obstacles in their way and they found their way back together every time regardless. He’s terrified that at the first sign of conflict, they’re going to find out they can’t actually stand each other, that they’ll fall apart and nobody will be there to line up their little hamster tunnels.
Maybe it’s that his blood alcohol finally reached terminal velocity, maybe it’s the fact that Cas, the real Cas, alive and whole and
The room goes hushed, suddenly, and Joey reaches for the newly smooth token slowly, like it might bite him. He clutches it in his fist, turns and leaves without another word.
“Michael,” he says, voice echoing and lilted like a cassette recorded over too many times. “Long time no see.”
Dean leaves Sam fretting in the war room and passes out himself for a few hours of blessed oblivion, and then he takes a long shower because he spent a week in his pyjamas before his emergency witch fight and he’s rank.
“God.” She rolls her eyes so hard her eyes almost white-out again. “I was supposed to get rescued, and in a moment of sweet relief seduce Dean, blah, blah, blah.”
Eileen nods. “I’ve been trying to get you guys to see me for… a while now. This whole ghost thing doesn’t exactly come with a handbook.”
“Oh, yeah,” Lee smirks, then, “GOB boys,” he says to the band and they pick it up without pause. Lee’s up on stage like a duck to water.
Dean’s not going to over-think this one. Not a one of them has a great track record of stellar choices, and Billie has done what they couldn’t - she brought Jack back, and she has a plan to take down Chuck.
Secondly, I'm almost done with this story, so fingers crossed it'll be weekly updates again until the end.
Ouch. But if she’s bluffing, it’s a damn good one. Dean believes her, and Pax seems like a decent demi-dude, so Dean drops the blade and hedges his bets.
He stops by the library stash for the good bourbon, can see everybody sat around the map table, conspiring or some shit. Sam, looking exhausted and manic, is poring over old scrolls. Jack stares, red eyed and pale, at the heavy black death book; useless and unreadable.
After the second time, he stops by a stump and sits down. Calls, “Hold up Cas, I got something stuck to my shoe.”
“Alright,” Sam says, still studying his map. “So, if Garth is right, we take this road. But, honestly, it doesn’t look like there’s anything up there.”
Cas smiles at Sam, wide and joyous, then presses his forehead to Deans. Dean doesn’t pull away, doesn’t flinch or scoff or look embarrassed at all. He smiles, too, smaller and more brittle, and he hold Cas’ gaze like Sam isn’t even there.
Bess’ superpower is apparently making grilled cheese; she sends them off with a packed lunch and it is
That’s probably the first time Dean fell in love with him, a little, and Chuck must’ve laughed himself sick then spent the next decade killing and reviving Cas just to fuck with him.
Lorna laughs at them, then leans over the bar and says, “We’ll see about that later, handsome,” and winks at him.
They should have talked about it properly, should have powered through his inability to communicate, his anger at God and the world and everything, Cas’ rightful anger at him.
for a while. To go to sleep and maybe just not wake up. Anything to catch a break. Anything to go a month, a goddamn week without something huge and awful and inescapable happening.
The soft lamplight blunts the sharp edges of exhaustion carved into his face lately, makes him look relaxed in a way Cas rarely does. Dean can’t takes his eyes off the strong profile of his nose, the shadow of his unclenched jaw, the gentle glow of his cheekbone.
The blossoms are gross little tentacles bundled in threes, some hellish mix between a heart and a hentai porno.
“Oh ho,” Dean laughs. Four days in and she’s already got Sammy on tequila and real meat products. Give her a few weeks and she might get that stick all the way out of his ass. “I knew I liked you.”
“Just until I fall asleep,” she says, but 5 hours later she’s still sat up in her bed. Dean has to splash his face with cold water just to keep his eyes open and he didn’t even take any of the good drugs.
Sam does not miss the way Dean clings to Cas’ hand, the way they move around the kitchen pressed shoulder to shoulder. He smiles to himself.
But then she throws them for a double loop; her world is dying, and she knows that because she sees it through Real Kaia’s dreams.
“Sam is worried about you,” Adam says. He almost sounds genuine, but he also doesn’t loosen their grip. “He lost people too.”
“Beach read?” Really? This lady doesn’t know him any better than Chuck does - they both think he’s made up of junk food and cars and rustic little joints like this. And maybe some of him is, but one brush stroke doesn’t make a Picasso and one sentence doesn’t tell a whole story. “Lady, I’m Tolstoy.”
“I'll tell you what I’ll do,” he says, and the frustration seems to bleed out of him. “I’ll lock the joint up and you and I can work the case, just like old times.”
Dean falls to the floor too, shards of glass cutting into his knees. He feels lighter, deflated. Empty.
Happy hour hits, and they relocate to a table when the bar gets too busy to talk without hollering at each other. Lorna joins them for her break, brings them shot glasses and a whole bottle of tequila.
Dean stares ahead, tries not to give himself away, but the second she lays eyes on Baby he knows it’s over.
After Stanford, Dean singing out of tune was one of the quickest ways to annoy Sam out of a bad mood, and he’s just sort of fallen into the habit since. He’s pretty sure bad karaoke is still the most evil thing he did with black eyes, but he’s not gonna tell Lee that.
Dean pummels the faded red bag until his knuckles split, and he can’t be bothered to wrap them, just keeps going. He can’t even imagine punching Michael’s stupid jaw, because it’s Adam’s stupid jaw too and the kid doesn’t deserve that just because he isn’t actually dead and/or out of his head crazy.
He pushes the hand away, gets to his feet on his own. Grabs his bedroom JD, and drags his sorry ass back to the library.
There’s no sugar coating that. But, hey, making shit up as they go is kinda their thing. If they weren’t committed to giving destiny the middle finger before, they sure as shit are now.
Moira doesn’t talk much after that, so Dean doesn’t either. As challenger, she breaks. It’s not a bad shot, but the follow up falls flat and after that Dean has free run of the table.
Yeah, this is good. Hell, this is great! This is better than he ever dared to hope, might actually be worth the almost 4000 mile roadtrip.
, started a whole ass war to get dear old dad’s attention. Dean willing to bet cosmic daddy issues are a universal trait.
, the tension and his blood pressure steadily increasing until the other shoe drops and they get screwed all over again.
Dean can’t get past that, however much they both kind of suspected the cosmic bullshit wasn’t really over. Whatever else they’ve taken out is nothing to this, and what's worse is that apparently Chuck can just handwave any one of their old Big Bads back into existence as his pleases too.
So what if it doesn’t feel perfectly homey right now? It’s not going to get any better with them avoiding it. He wants cosy movie nights, he’s gonna have to work for it same as anything else.
“Probably not,” Dean concedes. “But he can spider-sense this shit, remember? If anyone is gonna know when Michael surfaces, it’s him.”
They’ve been sat on their asses for weeks twiddling their thumbs and now that they’ve finally caught a break, it’s a serious ticking clock and Sam isn’t answering his
The more he stews, the more convinced he is that Chuck’s curse is targeted. Sam, who jogs everyday, is suddenly tripping over his own feet. Sam, who prides himself on taking good care of his gigantor body, gets sick. Sam, who has carefully honed his natural empathetic response to practically an art form, gets mocked by the vic.
It might be an exaggeration to says he’s been playing pool since before Sammy was born, but only a slight one all things considered. Dad never let a coupla snot nosed kids stop him from trawling bars for leads, and Sam might have been happy with his books and his imagination but Dean needed to be keeping his hands busy.
“No,” Garth chuckles. “Normal! For the first time in your lives you’re having normal-people problems.”
It’s nice to see him doing so well for himself. Great family, nice house, the werewolf version of a vegan community still going strong. Dean might have given up on this kind of picket fence a long time ago, but he’s still thinks this setup is kinda perfect.
“But. What Chuck showed me- what would happen if we trapped him--” Sam stammers out eventually. “I believed him. I still do.”
They can’t move forward without a lead, and they can’t find a lead without wading through every book they own. The dust and lack of sleep make Dean’s eyes itch, squinting at tiny print all day is giving his a throbbing migraine that brings memories of locked storerooms and flatcaps.
Sam stumbles through first, then Dean guides Kaia and then they’re warm and dry and Jody is there to catch the kid as she stumbles.
“Ever since God got back you’ve been acting like there’s nothing we can do, like nothing matters. We can do this! This matters!”
He takes a few more ragged breaths, Dean can feel his chest heave, he’s stood so close. Dean stays statue still, hands still clutching the cue and pressed against the warmth of Lee’s stomach. He can’t look down.
Cas looks up at him then, surprised. Tilts his head and squints at him in that way that used to make Dean think Cas was reading his soul, but Dean meets his eyes because it's absolutely true. The Mark was insidious enough without a personal grudge to amplify, and nobody knows that better than Dean.
What he actually says is, “If I don’t stay hidden, if I use my powers… my grandfather, he’ll know I’m back and he’ll try to kill me. Again.”
Dean slams the patties down harder than necessary to break them apart, sticks them on the grill while Sam frowns at him. It’s frustrating, this kiddie glove approach. Sam, more than almost anyone else, has seen Dean’s absolute rock bottom. And this? This ain’t that. Not even close.
“Sammy!” Dean says, shoves a plate at him. “Pancakes! Eat!” And he’s still too thin, skin too pale, dark circles too deep around his eyes, but he’s also somehow
Sam mans the wheel for the last leg, while Dean systematically scratches away at his cards - not a single line, go figure - and Dean is just bitching that Fortuna stiffed them again when they get the most unexpected win of all.
“Uh huh,” Dean stands, stretches until his spine pops because he knows Sam hates it. “I’m listening.”
Sam makes no promises, but he really does need to check on his brother. Dean has been a shell of himself since, well. He never did cope well when Cas was gone.
“No,” she says, her shoulders tensing up in an instant. “Are you for real? Did Candy put you up to this?”
“Yeah,” Sam concedes. Scrubs a hand through his hair again, then across his eyes. “Yeah, I don’t know. The universe was fine when Amara was sealed away. But when Chuck was dying, the friggin’ sun was dying.
“Michael was not grasping the urgency of the situation,” Cas says calmly. “I shared my memories with him to hurry things along.”
Their last $4.60 goes on a slice of pie and a single cup of coffee, but the waitress takes pity on a pair of broke drifters and brings them two mugs.
“Okay. So, Billie might be wrong. But it was still Chuck that told us about the whole balance of the universe thing, right?”
“But there might be a way,” she concedes. Straightens up importantly. “The cosmic warding. That Amara peeled off the walls and somehow you’ve all been too stupid to repair.”
He stumbles forward a few steps, still unsteady on his feet, but doesn’t sit down. Dean watches him, nods, and waits to see where Sam is going with this pity party.
Dean’s voice remains stubbornly stuck in his throat, a solid mass he can barely breathe around. He can’t comprehend words, can’t process thoughts.
“When you apes first climbed down from the trees you didn’t pray to him. You prayed to the sun, the womb, the rain, the stars. Well at first the Creator was furious. How
“What’s plan A? Keep Jack locked up here until Billie decides to set him on Chuck like an attack dog?”
It’s not as satisfying as throwing a billiard ball sized marble would have been but it’s still a solid, satisfying hit for all of four seconds before Chuck returns the favour, backhands him to the floor with whatever godly power he has left and it doesn’t vaporize him on the spot but it sure does bruise his freshly healed jaw.
“Nothing?” Dean answers, and it sounds like a question even to himself. “I don’t think so, anyway, they’re gone--”
It’s two and a half hours from Lebanon to Milford, Nebraska. Going flat out down the backroads, they make it in an agonising one forty five.
endgame, Billie?” Sam snaps. Deans kinda surprised he kept his mouth shut for so long, even in the face of Death herself. “I mean. You lecture us about how important all this is but we don’t even know what you’re doing! Jack’s gonna kill God, right? Yeah? Great. How? What’s you’re plan?”
Benny kept Dean half-sane that year he was here. He guided Dean out of monster heaven. More importantly, he saved both Cas and Sammy’s asses. On separate occasions.
Dean’s still reeling from the revelation that not only is Chuck still around, but that he apparently thinks Dean is the kind of creep who would still bang a 20 year old in his 40s, but he gets the gist. She’s here for the equalizer, because Chuck’s too much of a pussy to come get it himself. Wolf Laurel and Hardy were just a lure.
Ashley’s head tips back, she looks like she might actually sleep. Maybe she’s worried about nightmares, because she keeps talking even when she’s almost slurring with exhaustion.
“Okay,” Jack says, and Merle looks real smug for all of 20 seconds before Jack jumps through a loophole so quickly and neatly, Dean can’t help but be impressed. “Go. In the meantime, I’ll open a rift to the Bad Place. I’m sure Billie will appreciate hearing about it after the fact, when it’s already too late.”
“Yeah, lucky them,” Dean repeats, because that’s the whole point. “It doesn’t change a thing. We still do the job, but we don’t do it for us. We do it for Jack. For Mom. For Rowena.” He has to breathe, cut himself off. Their list of dead friends is endless, better not fall down that rabbit hole. “We owe it to anybody that has ever given a damn about us to keep putting one foot in front of the other.” If Dean doesn’t have a reason to keep going, he won’t. “No matter what. And hey man, like you said, now that Chuck’s gone we're finally on our own. We are finally free to- move on, y’know?”
Sam’s bitchface intensifies, but Dean sidesteps it by actually turning to look at him head on, spreads his hands placatingly.
Cas hovers silently by his shoulder. Dean can’t make himself look round to see whatever his face is doing.
, and it was a miracle for all of 30 seconds before Chuck took him away from us anyway. And I haven’t been handling it all that well and you haven’t been handling it at all--”
“Yeah, you look aces, Sam. Really rockin’ the crazed hermit vibe.” Sam finally looks at him. “Come on. Eat. Rest. Eileen’s a tough cookie, she’ll be fine.”
Dean drives them home, somehow focusing on the road and not Eileen stuttering in and out of focus in the rearview or Sam fiddling with the spell and tapping his fingers on his knee in Dean’s peripheral.
He sets the spare mug he brought in front of Cas, careful to avoid the delicate ancient texts sprawled out, and then drops very deliberately into the seat on Cas’ right.
Dean polishes off his beer and follows the sounds of giddy flirting down the hall. The smell of food hit’s him before he rounds the corner. It smells greasy and sweet and awesome, the minute he crosses the threshold Sam drops some pancakes on the counter.
He doesn’t look happy about it, but he goes. On any other kid, the sulky pout would probably fall somewhere between exasperating and amusing. Dean has the terribly hypocritical thought that, on Jack, it’s a stark reminder that they need to keep his temper in check.
Sam’s been keeping quiet about his freaky psychic nightmares, and God Almighty himself is gunning for another Winchester vs. Winchester title match before he ends the world.
“Okay,” Dean says, and stashes all the maybes for later. He prods the vile, leathery leviathan blossom laid out in front of him. “What do I do with this thing?”
“-before he rounds ‘em up and offs ‘em!” Dean cuts in, angry, because this isn’t a conversation to have gently. “Just to watch us suffer!”
Knowing it’s not real hasn’t ever really helped with the tactile hallucinations, but real pain usually drowns out the remembered pain so he turns the heat up as high as he can stand, then a little bit more for good measure, and slowly breathes the steam in through his nose, out through his mouth.
They used to kill time on long hunts talking shit about what they’d do when they got out of the shadow of their families' revenge; own a bar, or a roadhouse, a motel or a diner, a friggin shooting range or some crap, anywhere hunters could gather and swap info, or just take a day between hunts.
Cas sits at the map table, literally so far away from Dean that he’s not even technically in the library anymore, and flicks through a couple of Enochian scrolls in silence. Sam and Eileen settle at the wide study tables like normal people and don’t comment on the obvious, bleeding tension.
“We left B’s around closing. I was pretty hammered but-- Angela, she was helping me to her car when I, ha,” she looks down, embarrassed, “ I needed-- y’know I got sick. And when I was done, she was gone. Angela was raptured and I was left behind.”
“You have an agreement? That adorable,” Dean says, and he means it. And it occurs to him that he hasn’t told Sam that, with everything else going on. “Look, man. I didn’t want to say anything, okay, ‘cause I was. I was kinda in a bad place and I didn’t wanna jinx it or whatever. You know I tried the family thing, right-”
He cries when he finally removes the jacket. He shouldn’t have any tears left in him, anymore, but they dredge themselves up from his very soul and drip onto the red-brown handprint.
Sammy, of course, makes his own choice, “Yeah, deal. But not for more luck. For them. If I win, you have to let them go.”
Maybe Dean’s just getting old, but the idea of being a highschooler for eternity sounds like an as-yet-undiscovered circle of Hell. Maybe it’s just because he’s running on liquor right now.
“It was a good car,” Sally says, then vents her frustration by pouring a liberal amount of Irish into her coffee.
But Eileen just keeps click-clacking away while Dean opens his ice cream and digs in. He manages about half before the
And if God is gone, really gone, then does Dean want to follow the path that God kept pushing him down, or should he be doing the exact opposite?
and Dean is such a fucked up pile of issues that he’s been gone on Cas for years and he pushed it aside again and again and Cas fucking
It snaps, and that doesn’t stop Lee from thrusting forward with it, but it’s so familiar to Dean after years of fighting off angel blades that he dodges to the side almost without thinking, the cue slides across his belly safely and the momentum carries them into the wall.
Sister Jo is where they left her; a Kiwanis hall in Minnesota, living the simple life of modest do-gooder so long as you ignore her Gucci boots and the fact that she’s literally counting bills when they arrive.
“We should call as many hunters as we can,” Sam is saying. “Tell them to keep an eye out for anything angel-y. Eileen and I can--”
“Good game,” he says when he sees Dean. His breath sounds oddly laboured, more suited to scoring the winning home run than losing a pool game. “Guess you can hustle a hustler.”
“I’m sorry it took me until now to say it,” Dean says to his knees instead. He should have apologised ages ago, except that he was scared it wouldn't be enough. “Cas, I’m so sorry.”
A real rude one, too, and Dean never thought he’d miss chirpy, useless Jessica but at least she was nice. The new one, Merle, is a snarky, stone faced tattle-tail.
Damn. The kid might not have a soul, but that is a script-flip even Sammy might not have pulled off.
“Just shut up and listen,” Sam snaps, starts rummaging through the ingredients and handing them roughly to Dean one by one. “You don’t think-” Some moss. Some seeds. “-Maybe-” Lambs blood. “-just
Better, even, with food in their bellies and gas money in their pockets. Hell, after the week they’ve had, it’s practically a vacation! A good, old fashioned roadtirp; soft rock blasting from the speakers and Sam snoring contentedly beside him, the open road and the ever-changing horizon.
“Wait, what?” Dean says, but his mind is already racing ahead. This is the same spell Chuck used to seal Amara away for aeons, the spell that created the Mark of Cain, and Chuck himself said Dean’s soul was damaged goods, that he couldn’t take the mark a second time. Which means- “No! Cas, you can’t--”
the cage,” she says. “Every door here was flung wide when Chuck opened the fissure. Your archangel could be anywhere in hell. Or out of hell, for that matter.”
But Cas left, walked out just when it looked like there might be time to finally sort through their issues. And he’s made it clear he’s only here now because it isn’t actually over yet.
It settles him, in a weird way, this existential jigsaw puzzle. The big picture isn’t all there yet but he can play catchphrase with the pieces he has and they all scream one thing;
Another sob tears its way up Dean’s dry throat, nothing more than air, but it shakes loose every regret in his hollow chest and he crumples back in on himself.
Dean lingers a little longer in the comfort of Baby’s walls, breathes in the smell of oil and metal. He’s bouncing somewhere between dispirited and elated. Sure, they technically failed today, their plan blew up in their faces and Chuck got away. But they got Sam and Eileen back safe and any day where Dean knows Sam is alive is always a good day.
It’s what Chuck has done for years, slowly killing off their friends, their family, random fucking strangers in cheap parallels, all to keep his petty drama going and there’s only one way to make it stop.
“Yes,” Cas says, curtly. Raises his chin defiantly, like he does when he’s daring Dean to comment. “And I got the location. Am I still an idiot?”
A shower makes him look slightly less dead on his feet, and keeping busy was always the healthiest of his shitty coping mechanisms. He cleans the kitchen, starts the coffee maker, makes eggs and bacon for four.
is a littler trickier, but Sam has a good guess there too - their coins are dedicated to Fortuna, Goddess of Luck. Which leaves the real tricky job of luring her out, but that too is made easier when sweet, cryptic Evie the bartender lets slip that she’s never met the owner, but Pax is her son.
By the time Dean gets to the apartment building there’s also voodoo involved, which is just peachy. Luckily, Eileen engages in a bit of ghost on ghost violence, and for all that talk about needing a handbook, she sure seems to have got the hang of zip-zapping about. It gives Dean and his witch killing bullets a shot, and he puts it through the puppetmaster.
And. This is one things he’s pretty sure is his own problem. It’s one thing for God to influence Dean to keep hunting year on year, it’s seems a little lowbrow to make Dean a nervous sweaty mess around cute guys.
“Yeah, I guess,” Dean agrees, reluctantly. “I’m beat. See you guys bright and early for the pre-game.”
Dean’s tongue feels thick and stupid in his head, he can’t make his throat work. He shakes his head instead, presses a hand over his freshly burning eyes.
He keeps expecting to see Cas across the kitchen island, bump into Rowena in the library or find Jack in the Dean Cave marathoning iZombie. The bunker is his home, but without them it’s hollow.
It’s a combination - a spell to power up what’s left of the existing warding, then Merle and Cas act as batteries to keep the lights on as long as they need.
Sam, though… he doesn’t know what Sam thinks about it anymore. For so long Sam wanted out, resented hunting from the moment he learned the monster under his bed was real ‘til the day he left for Stanford. Since the apocalypse, the first apocalypse, when Sam learned that half his college pals were actually demons, he’d seemed to lean away from the apple pie life as far as Dean could tell.
She heads off to her room. Sam watches her go, that sappy look still on his face, and Dean would tease him mercilessly if he wasn’t so keen to finish this conversation quickly.
When Sam and then Dean follow, they wind up in exactly the right place, albeit darker and stormier than it was before. It’s pouring with rain, and lighting flashes every few seconds, bursts of light illuminating their path through the trees.
The guy suddenly becomes a whole lot more helpful. Amazing how many people do when you point the hollow end of a gun at ‘em.
“We don’t need to find him, Sam,” Dean snaps. “He wants us dead, he’ll come to us. I don’t know about you but I ain’t exactly itching to hurry that along.”
He tilts the map over so Dean can follow the path he traces, right up to a dead end. The waitress, ever helpful, picks that moment to drop off their pie.
He does know he can’t stay here and be mothered to death on two fronts. Handling Sam’s aggressive concern is second nature, but Eileen is a wildcard and Dean doesn’t fancy his chances against the both of ‘em.
“Yeah,” she says, slowly, blinking furiously to hold back tears that can’t physically form. “Me too.”
Lee ain’t the blushing type, but Dean expecting him to get at least a little flustered or annoyed or roll his eyes or
“Whoa, what-” Sam is saying but Dean can’t hear over the static in his head, suddenly. He’s moving before he knows where, why. Knows, vaguely, somewhere, that he should be angry, should be furious, but the black hole in his chest swallows that in on top of everything else.
“It’s called a marid. ‘s a freaky looking little thing isn’t it!” He laughs, looks at Dean like he should be in on the joke. Dean feels sick.
And sure, this isn’t the ending he planned, but maybe Chuck lets them be destroyed by Megavamp on livestream to teach them a lesson. Maybe he brings them back afterwards and starts his play all over again, maybe he cuts his loses and moves on to a new universe but either way, Dean doesn’t want to die in a cage surrounded by fangers.
Cas laughs at himself, a harsh little sound, keeps his eyes lowered when he says, “It got a little smushed. Once I had the blossom I fought. Caught them off guard. They fought back.”
“C’mon, dinner’s at 8,” she ushers them over the threshold. “And I’m gonna tell Donna you said I’m your favourite, by the way.”
Sam’s mood has done a complete 180, he’s more engaged than he has been for weeks, with his annoying determined face and his books spread all over the tables, half-drunk water bottles dotted between. Any positivity Dean has been clinging to evaporates quickly now that he doesn’t need to keep Sam’s spirits up too.
Would they even still be hunting if Chuck hadn’t kept nudging them back into the game? He thinks of all the times he and Sam disagreed, fought, walked away from each other. Over Dad, because of Ruby, after Lucifer, about Cas, the Campbells, Crowley, Amy, Benny, Gadreel, the Mark, Amara, Mom, the British Men of Letters, Jack… ever since Stanford it’s been one conflict after another and sometimes they have outright hated one another for it.
“Hey,” Dean says, because he was only joking, he didn’t mean anything by it, she doesn’t owe him any kind of explanation. “That’s okay.”
They’re stuck. Again. It feels like all they do right now is wait around for things to happen around them.
She wants to collect on their bargain - the spear that they broke for Jack’s help that they can’t offer. Well, bad news for her. Even if they
“I know, I know,” Sam says. “He’s dangerous, I know. But we want his help, Dean. I don’t think the best way to get it is by locking him up.”
Cas keeps hammering out bullets. Dean’s blood pressure ratchets up another notch, he takes another lap of the room just to keep moving. He’s half way round again when his phone buzzes in his hand and he almost fumbles it in his hurry to answer.
Hell isn’t exactly restful, but he knows what she means. Dean struggled to sleep after he got out, after Cas
“What am I doing here?” Lee laughs, gestures around them proudly. “I own this joint, man! What are you doing in here?”
, twitchy, and on top of being tortured and everything with Eileen, now he’s standing here waiting for Dean to lay into him.
“You could have called us,” Sam says, brimming with sympathy, but the wriggling in Dean’s stomach suddenly hardens into a solid mass.
Cas took another swig. “I was triple A rated executive protection.” He gulped down vodka while showing the vendor three fingers and nodding. “I was up here.” He held his hand up beside his head. A car smashed through all of the vendor’s empty seats behind him. Cas didn’t even notice. “I was up here. And GOD DAMMIT!!”
Dean blushed, cradling Cas’ face properly. “Don’t ever change, Cas. But I truly am sorry.” Cas gave a little nod.
Gabriel stopped in his tracks, turning back to Cas with a closed off expression. “Why?” He stepped right back into Cas’ face. “Because I’ve never lied to you, Cas. Not once. You know, you’re terrible at almost everything.” Cas nodded with tears in his eyes. “But you’re good at keeping people alive. Keep him alive. Please. And you get your dream life back. And as a bonus, you’ll never hear from me again. I’ll lose your number, all right?”
Cas stood, chest heaving with desire, trying to allow time for Dean to adjust. He rested his forehead on Dean’s back again, trying to catch his breath. Cas could feel Dean trembling beneath him, could feel his inner walls already clenching around his cock. Fuck, this was going to be so so good.
“I am Rowena. This is my establishment. The finest in Amsterdam. I run a tight ship, but it is the ultimate pleasure palace for those who play by the rules. We even get to fifth base on occasion. And we would eat you alive. Especially Balthazar, he’d love you.” She wiggled her eyebrows mischievously.
“But you responded in kind and made her laugh,” Cas commented, merely stating what he saw (what he wished he didn’t see.)
“Yes, well, he is my son. I love him because he’s himself, he’s Jack,” Cas said, a faint smile on his lips when thinking about Jack, “but he’s also my son. I have a duty to take care of him.”
“No problem, sir.” Matt and Jack shook hands once more, and Jack started to lead the way out when Matt called out Cas’s name.
“Just a water, thanks.” Cas ignored Dean's unimpressed look, but he wasn’t in the mood to have all the current patrons in their group be too inebriated to actually drive home, despite their high alcohol tolerances. Cas could surmise that he was the “mom” of the friend group.
Jack giggled and shook Matt’s waiting hand, wiggling in his barber seat until Matt released his hand and put the pink barber cape around him to signal the start of his haircut. Jack loved to come for haircuts, one of the few kids Cas had heard through the grapevine of talking to other parents that actually enjoyed it, especially when Matt was there. He always treated Jack like an adult and took him very seriously despite his assumed age of six; Cas enjoyed it since most everyone else treated him like a naive child and not someone who could hold a decent conversation because, you know, being past God and all. Which, fair, no one knew, but Cas could still complain.
Cas nodded, a new piece of himself slotting into place. He had only ever been taught through countless wars and commissions throughout time that his one redeeming gift, among numerous transgressions against his advisors, was his usefulness, his ability to go forth with a mission and produce a favorable outcome—his self-worth was merely a folktale. Dean was telling him something different, something that didn’t end in blood and a body count but the ability to be present and laugh and for it to mean the same thing.
But then Dean’s face opens up again, smaller than before but still vulnerable. Cas should be worried about how much of his own feelings he is portraying, but he can’t. Both because he purely doesn’t want to hide it anymore, he’ll take being kicked out of the bunker rather than staying silent, and because the poison is making him rather loopy than actually dying. Dean slowly comes over and reaches out to card his fingers through Cas’s unconscious-swept hair, his curls running amuck all over his head, and Cas can only garble out a small ‘thank you’ to Dean, knowing he's truly out of it when he hears the phrase 'I love you' whispered back before the darkness takes him back under.
Cas had exerted more control over himself than when he had literal purgatory inside him not to grab Dean and kiss him senseless. He did however wrangle out a trip to the farmers market later that day, earning a groan from Dean and an excited yell from Jack.
Dean had a case up near the Canadian border, a nest of Vampires causing havoc for the people and the moose, and was going to be gone for two weeks. Jack was disappointed since Dean had promised him to go see a rerun of Moana in theaters, but he promised Jack they could go see two movies when he returned and get a slushie.
Dean pulled his head back to look at Cas with an honest to, well, everything except God, look of ‘you’re kidding me.’ “You didn’t know how to wash your hair?”
Jack had squealed and made a motion of locking his lips and throwing away the key, which Cas found endearing until he remembered, well, telepathy.
As this was one the last things Cas was expecting him to ask—yes, the irony of that statement paired with them being in a literally barber shop and him talking to a hairdresser—Cas stared at Matt for a second, trying to get his mind back in order. “Oh, um..”
“Dean’s been doing his hair a long time though, does that not make him a “professional?”” Jack asked, using air quotes around the last word.
“Yes, fine. Well, actually I’m having a crisis right now but this nice barber named Matt gave me a two for one deal on hair products and now I have six but some are for different types of hair because I couldn’t choose just two and one is glowing orange and very fun and you haven’t answered my question yet.”
Cas placed his hand lightly on Dean’s side, feeling the shift of his muscles when he breathed in. “I surmised that it was an analogy to my own life never taking its intended path. My hair was worn down just like me and I needed to fix my mistakes and finally take control of my life so I could look forward to the future.”
“Yeah, well, I don’t know how I ended up deserving an angel of the lord slash best friend slash love of my life either, but yet here we are.”
“I am fortunately not my brother and spend copious amounts of time redrawing your face into my hippocampus.”
“You know, if either of us got our heads out of our asses, we could have been doing this a long time ago.”
“What the hell, Cas! I’m not even half way back home when I get a call from Sam saying that you’re in trouble and all I know is that Jack is worried and I get these half-assed coordinates and a slap in the fucking face when I find out you went on a djinn case alone.” Dean’s seething, Cas can make out that much with his eyesight still adjusting, and he understands. He caused Dean to fear for his safety; he wants to apologize that he made Dean take a pit stop along his way home from a two week case to save Cas again. He wants to ask if Dean is going to kick him out now due to his incompetence to actually be useful or if he can wait until he regains feeling in all his toes. And he wants to know if Dean had ever met anyone with such a crack in their chassis that defeating a legion of angels to save their loved ones is only a hard day's work but caring for themselves is a battle to the bitter, bloody end.
Dean tilted his head to the side, moving their lips from a awkward position to them slotting together perfectly and—
“Look, I’m not saying he’s incompetent to help you if it gets worse, but Jack can’t even reach stove height! How is he going to make you soup if you’re sick?”
“Not to pry, exactly,” Matt started, and Cas instinctively thought of the worst questions; he didn’t know the absolute details of them, but he could think of a few, “but how do you wash your hair?”
He couldn't just do “simple” with Dean, no. Cas had known that before, what he felt for Dean, but now he knew; he couldn’t have his entire being go through the pain of believing that Dean liked him while Dean could write this off as a hookup. Cas couldn’t face Dean with that, with Dean knowing how much he cared about him and Dean not being able to reciprocate. It would end horribly for both of them.
Instead he says none of that, because he doesn’t wish to cause Dean any more emotional turmoil as it is. He focuses on Dean fully, watching him pace while staring at Cas, and whispers: “Do it… again. Please.”
He understood, on some level, that his hair could be a stand in for a greater analogy, such as when his inability to answer word-type puns was brought to the surface. He was given a simple task of washing his hair—He was an angel of the Lord sent to do a simple task, rebuild Dean Winchester’s body from Hell—but no one gave him instructions on how to do it—No one told Cas how to walk away from humanity in need of help and hope, how to walk away from a Righteous man who only asked to save his brother, to be seen as something other than daddy’s blunt instrument—so he let it slide, doing other things to forget about the main task—he allowed his heavenly duties to befall, he went against what he was supposed to be working on to save the world as his own conditions got worse—and now he was dealing with the consequences of his actions—he had died and been resurrected and been possessed and pined over his best friend and had to deal with everything along—with his hair, actions of not dealing with his hair that had been building up, worsening its original condition and now needed to be remedied before another incident occurred and he would—with the fact that if he didn’t tell Dean he wanted to raise Jack together and be together it would be too late—be too late.
This time around was worse than before; Cas weighed the pros and cons of summoning another djinn just to see if Dean would rescue him again or pay for the service fee of having Cas off his hands. The bunker didn’t become silent, per say. Cas doubted Sam or Jack could feel the difference from Before and After. He was referring to instead the silence Cas felt when around Dean—like a wall had been constructed between the little that Cas could parse from Dean with his fading grace to nothing now, not even a prayer. Dean stayed home though, must to Cas’s confusion and hopefulness; he played dress up with Jack and went on hunts with Sam (Cas always found a convenient excuse for Sam to not worry why he didn’t want to partake in them that often), and made dinner a couple times a week, humming a Led Zepplin song or two under his breath when Cas passed by.
“Jack. I—I have a question.” Jack had looked up from the raspberry bush, setting down the metal watering can and wandering over to where Cas was sitting underneath one of the few trees on the lot for shade.
“I, uh, turned around and you weren’t there,” Dean started, rubbing the back of his neck and holding his beer with his free hand, “so I went to ask Sam and Eileen and they said you were out here. Picked a shitty time to look at stars though.” Dean gave a slight laugh. “Fucking freezing.”
“Sorry,” Cas said, seeing a blush on Dean’s cheeks and realizing that he had made Dean embarrassed; he chalked it up to either the aforementioned staring or the fact that he was wearing one of Dean’s flannels.
Cas put a hand on Jack’s shoulder to signal that it was time to leave. “Well, I think that’s all. Thanks again Matt,” Cas said, giving a smile to Matt and squeezing Jack’s shoulder to say the same lest he forgets.
Cas was greeted from the depths of sleep with a hand running through his curls, tugging slightly at the roots and twirling his ringlets before dropping them back down; it was the second time it had happened to Cas, and he hoped not the last.
They had migrated from the couch the night before after things had gotten a little to… heated, for the furniture. Cas’s brain had restarted back to manual after he fell off the couch long enough for him to tell Dean that they needed to move this someplace else. He had put Jack to sleep before the whole commotion, and Sam was suspiciously nowhere to be found, so neither of them minded when they stopped periodically to test the ingenuity and strength of the walls when one of them was pushed up against it for a few minutes. He really needed to find out the contractor of this place and make sure he made it to Heaven.
Cas stared at the message and then looked up at Dean, realizing he was infecting their whole family with cowboy analogies by way of showing cowboy movies. He was about to reprimand him when they hit a bump and Dean pulled into the parking lot of the bar, finding a parking spot and shutting off the car. Dean looked at Cas for a moment and saw him staring, and, as if reading his thoughts, Dean merely smiled and winked at him before booking it out the car and into the establishment. Cas sighed; he only hoped the movies he showed Claire weren’t the ones Dean made him watch, otherwise they were going to have words.
“I love you,” Cas blurted out, his eyes widening at the realization that he had finally said it, a weight off his chest after a decade of caving inside him. He could feel his pulse in his throat, but his body relaxed, not choosing fight or flight but a third option of mere hope and—okay a little (lot) anxious. But he did this, he chose this, to say these three words because he understood now on some level that everything else he had planned to say before Dean barged in, all the times spent with Jack as fathers and them bickering with one another about cases and having soup nights together were already public knowledge to them both, their intimacy known between both parties. Cas finally saying this wasn’t anything new, but instead the culmination of everything they had gone through spoken into a language they could verbally speak and understand. Even Enochian didn’t have a better term for what Cas meant to Dean.
It lasted for both infinity and an infinitesimal moment; Cas was used to time feeling transient, but this was one of the times he wished for its staticity. Dean’s body heat permeated through his worn jacket, and Cas almost shivered at the abrupt change in temperature. He allowed himself to tuck his head between the junction of Dean’s head and shoulder for just a moment, maybe not even that, and he realized why humans wish for things they know are impossible. Dean released Cas, giving his shoulder a thump. “Call if anything happens, capisce?”
“Hair. Felt… nice. Mmm, never done… before.” Dean stared at Cas like he wasn’t not human, which would on a normal day cause Cas to question Dean’s memory because Cas isn’t and Dean should know this but—
Cas looked at Dean with awe in his face, long enough for Dean to finally give a slight cough. “You okay there?”
“Thank you,” Cas said, looking back down to see Jack smiling again. Bright purple hair graced the top of his head.
Cas thought he understood, but again, orders and statements tended to get mixed up in his brain, so he had to ask. “So, does this mean you like me?” He smiled sheepishly.
“I mean nothing against you when I ask this Jack; you are truly one of the best things that have happened to me in my existence,” Cas started, looking at Jack: his face, his mannerisms, his son, “I just want to know, why did you want to come back here to the bunker? You could have explored the world, the people and nature in it.”
So here they were, the comedic duo: one fallen angel and his son whose lineage flowed back to Lucifer. Cas thought their odds pretty good, until his hair changed from purple to pastel blue.
Well, Dean wouldn’t call it a hazard, but the now charcoal colored couch (previously an off white) begged to differ. Since Cas had (unfortunately) inherited Metatron’s savey pop culture references, he would occasionally call Jack “Jack jack” from The Incredibles, thus bringing upon a popcorn and movie night in the Dean Cave to watch said movie. Jack was so excited to be named after a baby with such cool powers that he wanted to imitate them, especially the last scene which included one-on fire baby.
Of course, the poison was still lurking through his veins; it didn’t allow him to become paranoid of who was near him, or potentially if he was at the end of a particular hallucination and was seeing through the veil, so to speak. But the djinn had felt cold, a being not unlike himself in age and stature; this felt like a summer’s breeze, warm and inviting, and this was a feeling Cas had never imagined, so it couldn’t be his dreams—he never felt lucky enough to dream something like this to happen. Cas could feel himself slipping back under when the hand disappeared, and Cas turned his head toward where the hand came from in annoyance.
“Cas.” Dean coughed, loosening his gravelly voice. “I, um, also brought the car back.” Cas nodded, happy that he didn’t cause Dean to lose one of the cars he had taken from the garage, something he had worked to restore and fix into something better. “And you can use it again, of course. But I don’t want you going on cases alone anymore.” Cas’s eyes widened, and he opened his mouth to rebuttal Dean’s statement when Dean pointed a finger at him. “No. Not alone; you can come with me and Sam, or one of us, but—but I can’t get another phone call like that again. Okay?”
Because Dean hasn’t asked me to stay yet, and I feel like my time is running out to stay here without contributing to something.
He should have known his luck would place him outside a banal Midwestern bar with sticky floors and even stickier luck of any relationship working with as rocky as a foundation as the dirt road they traveled here on.
“I wanted to make sure that you actually, you know, liked me and it wasn’t just a fling or something.” Cas was floundering now, trying to connect his thoughts into verbal phrases; he would find it funny in retrospect, since he didn’t get words wrong and was a very good communicator, but now wasn’t the time. “I couldn’t handle that.”
The next time Cas saw Dean was about a week after the debacle. Cas was looking through the various rooms for his roaming son, hoping to put him to bed at a reasonable time and bribe him with a bedtime story or four. He was just passing by the library when he heard a sharp burst of laughter accompanied by another, lower voice grumbling. Looking through the doorway, Cas saw Dean stationed on the floor surrounded by books piled haphazardly, courtesy of Sam and his insatiable appetite for reading. Jack was standing in front of Dean, blocking Cas’s view of Dean’s face. Jack gave another bout of laughter, and he finally moved for Cas to see vivid, bright pink hair gracing Dean’s head. Cas couldn’t help it, and his face gave an involuntary smile and a bark of laughter. Dean’s head snapped toward the sound, and they met each others’ eyes. For a moment Cas couldn’t breathe, scared that Dean would yell at him again or give some indication of wanting him gone. They had been mutually ignoring each other: Cas due to his strengthening fear of homelessness once more, and Dean’s intent unknown. Probably embarrassment on Cas’s part and annoyance. But instead yelling, Dean huffed out a short laugh as well and a grin perched on his lips.
“Do you like it?” Jack’s voice exuded excitement, and Cas could help but laugh a little at how much joy Jack found from the smallest things in life, and how much Cas enjoyed that.
He looked at the containers again, pondering if the wonders of man via hair care products was what made Chuck run away for centuries. Hmm, good for them. But that still didn’t tell him how to apply the… shampoo, conditioner, hair serum, and mist. He squinted at the bottles, trying to detect if any of them would budge on their unknowableness, and then decided he needed help. He couldn’t ask Dean, that would be a catastrophe; he knew Dean was very fond of his hair care products (not that he would admit it) and telling him that yes, he was the one that, when he ran out of the generic soap bars, would sometimes steal some of his, but it-smelled-really-good-and-please-forgive-me-Dean wouldn’t go over well in a court of law when Dean killed him and had to explain to the judges. Plus, Dean would make fun of him because he never learned the proper etiquette to wash his own hair and he was… well, very old.
Cas had even found a new watering can by his small plot of garden; the note was from Jack, written in a four year old’s backwards handwriting, but Cas could parse out enough of what it said (and didn’t say) to know that Dean and Jack had gone out to look for something specifically for Cas.
“Coming right up,” the bartender replied, and Cas stood next to Dean while she retrieved their drinks, soaking in the warmth that bled through Dean’s jacket and into Cas’s flannel. He wondered about the comment, of course he did, but he surmised that a bar in the middle of nowhere wasn’t the proper place he imagined to talk about declarations of queer love, so he let it simmer in the back of his mind. Cas found it surprising that he wouldn’t mind if they stayed here for the night though; with the jukebox playing in the corner and the countertop slightly less disgusting than the floor, he could come to enjoy some aspects of socialization that Dean thrived on.
“Can I have a haircut like Dean’s?” Jack asked, excitement laced with apprehension in his voice. His eyes flicked unconsciously over to where he could see Cas’s face through the mirror despite Cas saying he could have any haircut (within reason of length) that he wanted.
“You don’t have to answer, of course! But, your hair looks… cracked, especially for being so short. And dry, though it’s thick. So I just wanted to ask what shampoo you use and maybe recommend a different brand.” Matt gave a shy smile after finishing, clearly not wanting to make Cas angry with his comment, and Cas forgot that for how proper he spoke to Jack he was only early in his mid-twenties and Cas looked mid-forties. His assumption was only off a few fallen kingdoms and the banishing of Lucifer, so not terribly off target, but he probably thought Cas would feel as if he was being ridiculed about something he possibly didn’t have an issue with.
Cas almost had his hopes that it would be a comfortable evening when someone slid next to Dean, more interested in his looks than what the bartender had to offer.
“Jack. May I ask what you just did?” Cas looked at his son currently seated on the floor next to the sink where Cas stood. He looked up at Cas and smiled, tooth missing and all, that made Cas’s heart miss a beat and wondering if maybe this color wasn’t that bad on him after all. Until he looked in the mirror again and felt like a rejected smurf.
“Cas,” Dean groaned, hitting the back of his head against the wall, “you’re making this very hard to do with all your, you know—” Dean waved a hand at Cas’s whole figure, “holy goodness or whatever the hell you have going on.”
He didn’t usually take cases with someone else as he had Jack to watch now, let alone by himself, but he thought some time to collect himself away from his Bunker and family would be good, considering his head was currently filled with the idea of Dean meeting someone on his case and bringing them home and—
Cas cracked open his eyes, bleary from exhaustion, and found an equally exhausted and strung-out Dean laying next to him on his side. Cas smiled, knowing he made Dean look like that, and received a slow, sensual smirk in reply.
Cas felt a prayer playing in the back of his brain, faint like an old, pleasant memory from one’s youth. He didn’t know the time frame between that conscious thought and when he finally awoke to a warm, soft hand carding through his hair; the action stimulated his brain out of hibernation not because of its unpleasantness, but because no one had ever done it before. He sighed out loud, feeling himself lean into the hand and mumbling something even he himself couldn’t identify. Cas thought he should be poisoned more often.
Cas thought, upon long eras of reflection and coffee beans, that most of the human language didn’t make sense. It wasn’t that he couldn’t understand what they were saying; he spoke every language past, present, and, well, depending on how well his various problems came and went, future. It was that in one instance someone could articulate the feeling of love and laughter so simply that the words sent a sharp pain through one’s chest, while in the next instance that same person could string together a garbled mess of a sentence and end it with ‘besties’ even though they had been talking to a stranger. There were apparently no rules.
Matt had given him a two for one deal, which was wonderful for his elusive bank account, but then, like… times that by three because he didn’t know what to take and not to take and he couldn't exactly tell Matt that it wasn’t the brand he needed to change exactly.
After their first interaction since the case, the palpable tension that had resided between them seemed to slacken. Cas found Dean puttering around places Cas would be situated; reading in the library would only be a twenty minute excursion before Dean appeared and would ask what he wanted for dinner and a question on garden vegetables, or Dean inviting him into his room to rate old 70s albums and help to decide which to donate. It was during a trek into the kitchen and finding himself keeping Dean company that Cas finally brought up the case.
Chuck’s guys discovered the abandoned car in the car park. They entered the B&B. Gavin looked up at them from behind the desk.
“No problem, brother. In you go.” The staff member pulled back the curtain, allowing Cas to step into the darkness beyond.
Cas shook his head. “No, I got stood up. Again. I’m not good at relationships, or people, probably due to my past.”
He pulled the bike into a wheelie to slow it down enough to disarm and kick over one goon running after Dean, who was still scrambling to stay on the tram. Cas slung the gun strap over his shoulder and sped up. Dean stayed clung to the window, looking for plan B, pausing to smile at the small child calmly surveying him through the glass. The tram passed over a bridge that was blocked for other vehicles and pedestrians, and slowed down enough on the slope for Dean to hop down and run along the side of a canal.
Cas holstered his gun again, ignoring the sound of a body hitting the floor far below. “You were saying?” They carried on through the walkways.
“Nope. You see, Sammy isn’t quite a part of this life, so he needs that pardon to go back to his, and this is the quickest way. Although, we’ll see if he wants to be buried a whole lot deeper after all this. Or he might want to join it properly. Or I might change careers, seeing as how I haven’t taken any new contracts in months anyways…. Now, drink your tea, Cas.”
“Fuck!” Dean ducked from another hail of bullets. A soldier on a motorbike drove along the top of the embankment wall, shooting down on him. The other car kept trying to press him into the wall. Dean’s car shuddered as the back bumper was ripped off. The bike jumped from the wall, gliding over Dean, landing on his far side.
Charlie smiled knowingly and leaned in to him conspiratorially. "Listen closely my young Padawan..."
Back at the hospital, two paramedics rushed to the waiting helicopter with their supply bags. One opened the door. The waiting Belarusian inside shot them both, signalling to his partner to take off while he closed the door.
“Yeah, I hadn’t the heart to wake him. Today’s going to be rough, want to make sure he’s healed as much as he can. But yeah, you’re right.”
“Are you all right, Dean? What would help?” Cas cocked his head, giving a small smile of encouragement. Dean nodded briskly. “I’m sure you can think of something, Sunshine.”
"What's a Moana?" Garth asked puzzled. Dean laughed and shrugged as they made their way towards a booth.
His eyes suddenly snapped up to meet Dean’s. Dean swallowed hard, but didn’t look away. Cas looked back to his phone without comment, then pocketed it and continued to dress, much to Dean’s chagrin.
“All right, on three. You ready, Dean? One….” Dean stood and took out all three shooters in the space of a second. He stood up more fully, craning his head, making sure they were dead. Cas popped up beside him.
Dean held up a hand in a boy scout salute. “I don’t doubt it Cas, but I’m so hungry that if you feed me, I’ll have your babies. And I won’t run off anywhere. I promise.”
Glancing about to make doubly sure that the hot guy was gone, Cas stopped his awkward dancing. Alone on the dance floor, Cas began to get flustered until he realised that with nothing more keeping him here, this could be his best chance to escape.
“Normally I would too, but I got a hot tip. There’s a couple of ringers in the game.” Dean smirked at Cas, hitting their shoulders together gently. Cas flushed before looking back to the cars they had stopped in front of, sizing them up.
“Then I again say you should seriously consider just going back to Amsterdam, that I’d help you get Sam out and you just take off into the sunset.” He looked back to the city.
“Order!” Singer shouted at the court. Garth stared at the images, then glared at Chuck, finally vindicated.
The doorbell woke Dean in the bedroom, who stayed where he was on the bed. His lower leg was exposed with the bandaged wound elevated on the bed. Gabriel opened the door slightly, keeping it on the latch, cocked gun held high. Cas stared back at him with an unamused expression. “Go ahead. You might as well finish the job.”
Cas leaned forward, getting his lips around the spoon, slowly pulling back so that his mouth would catch everything. No sense in starting a fight if he could avoid it.
As the night passed by, Cas was both excited and sad, happy he got to see Dean so soon, but also melancholy that it was still going to be a few days. He got quieter and quieter, fidgeting more and more. Even Charlie and Kevin gushing about them all soon going to the Day of the Dead parade in Mexico City couldn’t lift Cas’ spirits. When Gabriel, Sam, Charlie and Kevin excitedly clinked another round of glasses together in triumph, Cas excused himself. Gabriel nodded with sympathy, bidding him a good night.
The days leading up to Halloween had Sam making trips to the nearby town to slowly gather what he needed. He was trying to keep this as much of a surprise as possible. The bunker had lots of rooms they never used so he hid everything in one of those. On Halloween itself, he sent Dean and Cas on a supply run, claiming he needed certain items that couldn't be found in nearby Lebanon. Dean grudgingly agreed to drive to the next town over. Cas automatically volunteered to go with him, as Sam knew he would.
“Yeah the rock shifted right as I took the shot. Thankfully, you’re a lucky motherfucker. Fucking Prague.”
“Dude, I said I was sorry that they found us and your new car got made. Who knows, maybe your intricately detailed plan would have worked. So what about your other plan?”
“That’s a good idea, oh yes.” Dean knocked his seat back, settling in gratefully, sighing deeply. “Oooh smells like ass back here. Bet that Jag never smelled like ass.” Cas briefly closed his eyes in frustration, knuckles white on the wheel.
“That where you keep the Jag?” Dean’s smirk was back. Cas banged the door open in anger and climbed into the bus, speaking to Dean back over his shoulder.
One block away from the courthouse, a large Arctic truck turned onto the courthouse street, oblivious to the correct driving lanes.
He looked up as he felt Dean give his hand a squeeze. “You’re part of the wolf pack now, Cas.” Cas nodded with another blush, staring at Dean’s emeralds.
Dean held himself up on one hand while gripping Cas’ hip with the other, to stop his travelling. His lover was exactly where he wanted him to be. Cas brought his hand back down to cup Dean’s face tenderly, kissing him when he wasn’t gasping for breath. Dean kept the rhythm going, punching a moan out of Cas on every thrust. He licked up to Cas’ ear, hot breath panting wildly. “I’m really not going to last, Cas. You’re just too god damn sexy. Can’t hold on.”
The next room contained a long staircase leading upwards, banisters along each side, continuing into the gloom above.
Cas looked flattered as he opened the portfolio case. Dean excitedly flipped through every print. The colours, the compositions, the framing, he was indeed quite an artist. "Cas these are stunning. Would you please do me the honor of trusting me with these for now? We have the deadline in a week and I want to use as many of these as possible, but right now I don't know which I can use. Is that ok?"
Shrugging, he stepped through, not even looking back, knowing his companions would follow him. Dean trotted down the hall, not caring how much noise he was making. The others keeping a safe distance behind. He turned into the darkened room at the bottom, laughing as he heard Garth leap out at the other three. Garth knew Dean didn’t scare easy, which was probably why he’d left him pass.
Cas smiled, blushed and explained that they were a thoughtful gift from Dean. Sam raised his eyebrows as Dean nervously rubbed the back of his neck before taking the bags from Cas and gruffly headed for the door. Sam saw the shy smile Cas gave out of the corner of his eye before Sam turned to meet his eyes. They both shrugged and Sam motioned Cas to follow Dean, while Sam hung back.
Almost on cue, Rowena burst into the room with a loaded tray. Her vibrant red hair flowed freely, as she wore a long red silk robe with black fur trim.
“Yeah, but the question is, would you? If I’m paying triple A rates, then I want that full service shit. That extra A stands for ass. Yours. Between mine and the bullet.”
Gabriel and Zach held their heads a moment, getting steady again after being rocked by the blast. Gabriel recovered first, landing a firm kick square into Zach’s chest. Once Zach surfaced, Gabriel headbutted him, causing Zach to surge backwards. Gabriel pulled him by the wrist, yanking him to the side so Zach fell onto a knee, allowing Gabriel to deliver a hard punch to the face.
Cas levelled him with a withering glare, turning to the store employee, cocking a thumb at Dean. “He’s fucking unkillable.”
Cas tried the keypad several times, already descending into cursing, as none of the codes worked. “Son of a bitch, come on. Come on. Come on. Come on.” He frowned as his memory failed him.
Dean smiled at him gently as a chorus of “awhs” came from the back seat. Cas blushed and looked at his gift bag that he was hugging to himself again.
Crowley’s tears bubbled up for a moment, and he looked away with emotion. Eyes still on the moving numbers, Cas mouthed to himself, “Soon”.
"Ooooh you got Castiel!? Very nice, I know exactly what you should get, but I'm not going to tell you."
“With just 15 minutes to go until the court’s deadline, the case against Chuck Dukhovich looks almost certainly doomed.”
One guy impatiently pulled out a knife and cut the strap by Cas’ throat. The other roughly yanked it off his head. “Or there’s that short cut.”
The commander signalled to his team to run down the steps as a beat up car approached. “Stop that car!” His team lined up in front of the car, guns trained on the windshield. The car looked destroyed, a windscreen with a hole in the passenger side, missing bonnet, the rest of the body was crumpled badly, while the whole thing smoked ominously.
They heard a noise behind Cas as a guy climbed over the railing on the next walkway over, cocking a gun at them. They both shot him through the chest.
Zach shuffled nervously in his seat. Gabriel watched him curiously while Dean continued. “Just load it up.”
A parked vehicle exploded beside them, flipping their van onto its side. It slid a good distance down the street. The other vehicles were unscathed, but were soon blocked in by cars at the front and rear, which unleashed a hail of bullets into both vehicles, killing many agents instantly. Gun men rained bullets down on the scene from balconies above while the Interpol vehicles desperately tried to escape. The street erupted into a firefight, with heavy casualties on both sides.
Dean laughed, “Naw, I’ll shoot you with this one.” He pulled out another small one in jest, just as the spare arsenal of weapons in the boot of Cas’ car started going off from the heat of the fire, shooting out towards them. Cas and Dean immediately dropped to the ground, unsure at first of what was happening.
“Yeah sure, I’ll just wait here then. Where in the fuck would I go anyway??” Cas pressed his suit jacket into his side. “Fuck!”
Cas opened the book of his photographs, all high quality printed and beautifully bound into a fabulous hard backed book. He flicked some more and looked up at Dean with tears in his eyes. He looked so sad. Oh no! He had just ruined the guy's Christmas. Tears pricked at his own eyes too.
Occasionally Cas would stop texting abruptly, but this was always followed with a photograph from someone else showing Cas passed out, in various poses, but always with the phone clutched to his face. His recovery exercises and drugs were doing a number on him, and with Sam being the only one who had the strength to carry him into bed, he was inevitably in some of the photos too. Dean had so many sleeping images of Cas, he didn’t know which one he favoured the most. His heart warmed when he saw he was still a cuddler.
Cas arrived at the Coventry address, opening the boot, retrieving the necessary items. He checked and pocketed his gun, picking up the cooler and bag. He slammed the boot down again, quietly making his way through the darkness to the door.
to be in that court before the deadline. I’ll follow your lead. Scout’s honour. So can you lay off the restraints please?”
Cas ran down an escalator, pulling and knocking people out of his way. The Belarusians hopped the turnstile at the top. Cas made it to the platform, dodging people. There was a train waiting there with open doors. Cas ran three carriages up, risking a quick look back. He stepped on and flopped into a seat, keeping his head down and away from his pursuers, discreetly rubbing the blood off his brow from the car crash.
“And if I may add, Cas, you’re sexy as fuck on a motorbike. Wouldn’t mind seeing you in leather some day. And you totally looked like a sexy James Bond in that tailored suit earlier, fuck!” Cas blushed, looking down to his cup as Dean carried on. “And I hope you don’t mind some random dude sleeping next to you again? Although, I must say, you’re quite the cuddler.”
Zach snapped back at him, throwing the folder to the table. “I’ve come for my money. I delivered as promised. I gave you Dean Winchester as exposed as you’ll ever get him. Small security detail. Practically a rookie leading them. I can’t do more than that. Let’s be fair here.” He held out a pen to Chuck meaningfully. Metatron turned his gaze to Chuck, a slight smirk on his lips.
“-to do with.” Cas nodded knowingly, having heard it all before. Gabriel crossed his arms and glared up at him.
Cas nodded and hurried after Dean. Charlie shared a look with Jess and Sam. “They could be very very cute together. Right?? Shall we?” Conspiratorial grins were shared as they continued through the house.
No one brought up the option of phone calls, since video calls were out of the question. Dean thought talking with his family and not being able to see them or be with them would kill him. He was just about surviving on what they had. Gabriel understood, and made sure everyone else did too, so they wouldn’t pester Dean about it.
“Jesus fuck, Dean! Your mouth! Shit, I’m not going to last.” Cas’ toes curled when Dean moaned and made swallowing motions, the vibrations doing all sorts of things to Cas’ cock. Dean grabbed Cas’ ass cheeks in an ironclad grip, moving Cas’ hips to thrust into his mouth. Cas got the message, gripping Dean’s hair tighter, fucking into Dean’s mouth deeper, throwing his head back in ecstasy at the white hot heat of Dean’s throat. Cas would have been embarrassed that his thrusts had already become stuttering, but he couldn’t give one flying fuck by then. “Shit, Dean, I’m—“
Dean smiled to himself. “When I testify, Dukhovich goes down and Sammy goes free with a full pardon. That’s the deal. I’ll still be in jail, but come on. An English jail? Bitch please.”
“I hope you know, you brought this rather rude awakening on yourself.” Dean proceeded to tickle down Cas’ bare sides without mercy.
Having missed the entire conversation, Sam, Jess and Charlie smiled to themselves. “I think we’re not needed here after all, guys. Stand down.” They all nodded, hurrying after Dean and Cas.
Dean helped Cas down the steps, aimed and fired at another goon who had been running down the street at them with a roar. Dean turned them and went the opposite way along the street, ignoring the screaming women running around.
Outside in a nearby square, a man spoke into his phone. He had an earpiece in the other ear. “Yeah, we’ve got the whole area covered. If Winchester shows up, he’s ours.” He hung up the phone and nodded across the way to a woman leaning against a car bonnet. She nodded back.
“Hell yes we will. All right, all in. Cas is riding shotgun guys, get your asses in the back. Go on, get.”
He thought a second before doing a classic vampire hiss, hands outstretched like claws. He hoped Charlie had already taken the photo as the teeth chose that moment to slide from his mouth, to much laughter. But he managed to catch them, so he felt like a ninja.
The commander sized them both up, finally making an impressed face. He indicated his head, “Follow me.” He waved to his team to lower their weapons.
Chuck turned off the TV, eyeing Zach up silently. Metatron came up behind Zach. “You’ve come here to lodge a complaint?”
Cas couldn’t give a crap, shook his hand and headed down the hall. He got to Room 18, unlocked it, and asked Dean to give him a second while he checked out the room. Dean rolled his eyes but agreed. Cas was back out in under a minute, taking the bag and heading inside. Dean followed, eyebrows raising at the sight of the one double bed, but he chose to not comment.
Dean nodded, guiding Cas through the empty room through the doorway beyond. Charlie was bouncing impatiently as she waited by the wide slide. “C’MON BITCHES!!”
After a time, Cas gave a little cough. Dean shook his head, cleared his throat, and was all business. "What can I do for you?"
Despite the constant texting, Dean had been reluctant to send any photos of his own. Why would he want to show his family his lonely cell, or how depressed he was without them. He did cave and send one selfie to Cas when he asked, but just for him. He liked that Cas liked his facial hair of neglect so much, and his long hair. While Dean kept the beard trimmed a bit, his hair grew wild, and was now the longest he’d ever had it.
She burst into his office adorned in a Rudolph costume, giving him another heart attack as he whacked his laptop shut. She did like to keep him on his toes. What startled Dean was that he had actually been looking at Cas' Facebook page and was afraid of being found out, but Charlie didn't need to know that.
Garth shook himself out of his memories, wiping his eyes. He looked up to the judges of the International Criminal Court in the Hague.
As he spoke, Cas got up from the table, grabbed him by the cheeks with both hands and pulled him into a kiss. That shut Dean up. He was so startled and so delighted that it took him a second to kiss him back and wrap his arms around Cas. It was the culmination of the last several weeks of thinking about doing this with Cas since the first moment he had laid eyes on him. It was everything he had thought it would be, and better. He didn't want this to end, Cas tasted amazing.
Dean held up Cas’ pee bottle from earlier in the day. “Oh! These your electrolytes?” He tossed the bottle into Cas’ lap. Cas glowered as he tossed the bottle out the window, nostrils flaring. They drove off into the night to the sound of Dean’s happy laughter.
Several armed Interpol agents led a shuffling still-chained Dean through the secure underground structure to the waiting armed escort team. Dean now had a bullet proof vest and light Interpol jacket with a beanie over his prison jumpsuit. Director Mills and Zach, the Assistant Director, stood by.
“So, what happened to your fraternal bonds then? Did your tight ass, boring is good, look before you leap, put your seatbelt on, shit finally get too much and he dropped you?”
Cas again ignored him, turning around fully. “We’re going to take the north stairwell.” He moved past Dean, who stood his ground until Cas was past, then he ran for the fire escape door. Cas rolled his eyes as he turned back. He should have anticipated this, thinking that’ll teach him for giving Dean some good painkillers earlier. “Fuck!” But it was too late.
The truck barrelled towards the front of the courthouse, no match for the concrete barriers lined out on the square in front. The cab crunched into the pavement while the long back flipped clean over it, exploding upside down on impact with the courthouse steps.
“Don’t even think about answering that fucking phone. The only way Dukhovich could have known our route was if he had somebody on the inside. Now, I need medical supplies, and you need help. So if you’re going to call somebody, they have to be totally out of the loop.”
Dean rolled his head as he shucked off his jacket, throwing it at Sam’s head, laughing when it caught on his hat. Dean turned to the side, flexed his massive bicep while looking back over his shoulder with a smouldering pout. Cas’ mouth went dry.
“SUCK IT!” A door banged loudly. Dean looked after him with a sudden sad face, still holding his mouth. “Well shit.”
Cas nodded, waiting longer than was strictly necessary to follow, as he was afforded such a nice view of Dean’s ass in those jeans. Snapping out of himself, he carefully carried on after Dean, missing the muffled laughter of the girls below him.
"Hello Dean." Castiel leaned over to shake Dean's hand. Dean couldn't function, his voice was amazing. "Are you all right?" Castiel gave a little frown.
This earned another sigh as the guy closed his eyes. “I was afraid of that.” He flinched as Garth scared the next round of visitors.
“You need me to like you, ok?” Cas’ eyes were pleading to Rasputin as the goon wrapped the towel fully around his head and face from the other side, holding it tightly in place. Cas shouted out again. “You need me to like you!”
Jody pulled Gabriel to the side slightly. “You were right to trust your instincts. And your brother. Well done.”
“You know, people don’t like to be forgiven for shit when that implies they did some shit to begin with.”
Garth was shaken out of his reverie by a low voice. “Professor Asimov. Can you please tell the court what happened next?”
Dean laid him back down gently so the guard could tend to Cas’ wound. The guard’s radio crackled into life. “Dukhovich has escaped, apprehend with extreme prejudice.”
One tram turned a corner nearby, revealing Dean clutching on to the side of it, legs scrambling for purchase. With his rotten luck, Alastair spotted him and rallied his guys to give chase. They had several vehicles with armed soldiers leaning out of the windows. Interpol vehicles sped after them, sirens blazing.
Cas then doubled over with the flat of a large shovel slamming hard onto his back, followed by it smacking down into one leg, hard, gouging into the flesh of his calf. Cas felt something give, felt it hit the bone, and could only collapse to his knee with a mighty roar. “Mother—!“
Cas was acutely aware of the solid mass of Dean right behind him, both arms wrapped around his belly. He could feel Dean’s breath on his neck.
Cas rolled his eyes with a laugh, getting up and heading for the bathroom, patting Dean on the cheek as he passed, leaning into his ear to whisper, “Oh Dean, you couldn’t handle all this.” He pulled off his t-shirt, and simply stood for a moment, holding Dean’s gaze. Dean swallowed hard but couldn’t help himself. His eyes hungrily roved unhurriedly along Cas’ torso, lingering on his six-pack. Cas shook his head and disappeared behind the door.
Cas rounded on Dean, getting right into his face. “Hey! Just because I want to get my business back, that doesn’t make me a shitty person. And Gabriel has nothing, absolutely nothing, to do with this.”
Dean closed his mouth, pulling Cas into a firm hug. “We don’t have to talk about anything you don’t want to, but fucking hell, you’re very brave, Cas.”
“We post in there, A LOT. You’re free to scroll back up along if you want, but there’s YEARS worth of stuff there. Up to you. And now you’ll have everyone's numbers too. Easy peasy. You’ll meet the other chat members tomorrow night at Dean and Sam’s.”
Dean looked his brother up and down. “Nah uh.” He grabbed Cas, pulling him into position. Sam took Charlie’s phone, sniggering.
Dean moved to help as Cas ran up. "I did. I wanted to thank you guys for being so great since the trials. Cas, you gave up the last of your grace for me. I can never repay that. Dean, you've looked out for me forever. I just wanted to do something nice for you guys, even though this is only a small gesture. But seeing as how this is Cas' first real Halloween, and we didn't get to celebrate properly every year growing up, I thought I'd pull out all the stops. You don't get to ask me about the preparation, and I'm fine. I was just trying to get rid of you guys for a while today. And you don't get to say you're not playing. Now, do you like it?"
Cas looked up at him from the couch for a moment in surprise before getting back to his task of flicking playing cards at Dean’s unconscious face. He leaned forward to get a better angle.
Dean stared at her hard for a second before turning to Gabriel. “Ok, Inspector Clouseau, let’s see what these elite troops of yours can do. C’mon guys, let’s go.” The group of agents sprang into action, leading Dean into the armoured van, chaining him in, locking him securely into his own compartment complete with jail bars.
Dean squared his shoulders, meeting Cas’ eyes. “Well, you know how I said I had my reasons. I’ve people like Rowena, family, dotted about the place that I would kill for. But my bestest best friend, who I grew up with, bled with, fought with, was Benny. I loved Benny like another brother. And Dukhovich killed him. I had to be physically restrained from going to Belarus myself and torching the fucker when I found out. But the very next day after he killed Benny, Chuck found himself arrested and taken to the Hague to await trial. It’s been months, but with so much security and attention on this, I had to find another way to him. Besides, it was also pointed out to me, once I’d calmed down, that taking away his precious dictatorship and leaving him to rot in jail for years with nothing is far preferable to a quick death for that prick. And aside from all that, Sammy has to go free.”
Jody spoke first. “Mr. Winchester, this is Agent Novak. He’ll be leading the security detail that will escort you to the International Criminal Court.”
Cas glared after him, beckoning him back insistently. “Mr Crowley. Mr Crowley, this way please.” Crowley ran back to him and they continued on down the left passageway.
Seconds later, Cas’ phone pinged again. He laughed at the startled look on his face in their selfie, eyes wide and blue. “Jeez, my make-ups mostly gone, eh?”
The first two Belarusians crashed into the restaurant, with people screaming at their guns. A quick sweep and they knew Cas wasn’t there. They carried on into the back, tentatively pushing the kitchen door open.
“Yeah? Good, good, good, good.” Cas simply sat there, staring at his brother with a sad face, trying to calm his breathing.
Cas was halfway down the steps, watching Chuck closely. Chuck’s restrainers had almost succeeded in dragging him from the courtroom as he shouted wildly. “I will now take my leave! With my dignity intact!”
After a shower, Dean supposed he should put on underwear at least, for Cas. Guy seemed a bit prudish that way, and Dean liked him enough to keep him happy. Dean put his foot up on the closed toilet seat and began to strip his bandage off, getting a look at his wound. He hadn’t been able to stitch it up all that well in Coventry, but it would do. Wouldn’t be the first irregular scar he had. And thankfully, there weren’t any signs of infection. Still hurt like a bitch though. Dean bandaged it firmly in a clean dressing, carefully setting his foot down and testing the weight once he was done.
Cas rifled through the bag on the bed, taking out clothes and bathroom supplies in several neat zip locked bags. He handed the bundles to Dean before he sat tiredly in the chair by the desk, taking out his phone. He waved to the bed and bathroom, “Get showered if you want, and get some sleep, I have some more planning and checking to do first. Who knows when we’ll get to sleep again.” He rubbed his eyes before turning his waning attention to his phone.
Dean hobbled down the ladder as a man rushed him. He just about got his gun out, but there wasn’t any need. Cas had already come from the side, punching the attacker savagely into the jaw, knocking him against the wall. He slid slowly down to slump into a heap on the floor.
“We’re all set, Director Mills.” The woman in white sized up Dean. “Let’s get this gentleman to the Hague.”
“Fuck that. Interpol’s compromised, you know that.” Gabriel didn’t move a muscle. “Gabe! Either you shoot me or watch me bleed out.”
Returning to their hotel in Havana after a walk around the city, they passed a news report on TV showing that Dean had escaped from his English prison. A global red notice was in effect and people were warned to consider him armed and dangerous. They sat around a table for dinner, laughing, as they knew how much of a sweetheart their Dean really was.
"Hi Dean! You have to participate in Secret Santa this year. Charlie and I have spent loads of time on it….." Garth began.
“Oh you’re threatening me now. You can’t just threaten me into taking orders from you, Gabriel. We’re not kids anymore.”
Cas fished the warm chicken rolls out of the bag, tossing one and a water bottle at Dean. He caught them enthusiastically, tearing the roll open and wolfing it down.
“Interpol protocol. When that phone rings and nobody answers, they’re going to send officers to the door.” He looked out to see lights and then heard the sirens. “And there they are.”
Cas held up a shaky hand in a bloody boy scout salute. Dean laughed again, closing his eyes and bringing their foreheads together gently with a relieved sigh. “I love you, Castiel Novak. So fucking much.” Dean whispered. He then pressed a kiss to Cas’ forehead, pulled the gun from the oblivious guard’s belt, and was gone.
“Rude.” But Sam obliged, crouching down to normal head height level. Jess and Charlie flanked him, with Dean and Cas pushed in close behind. It was a lovely photo of everyone. Charlie sighed happily as she took her phone back, eyeing up Cas. “What’s your number, babe?”
The news trailed out of Chuck’s conscious hearing as Metatron burst into the room. “Interpol wishes to have a word.” He said it apologetically.
Cas didn’t even hear him, his chest heaving as he took in their new position. Dean smiled knowingly, fully aware of what he’d done. Cas tried to lean up to kiss Dean, but couldn’t move very much. He growled in frustration as Dean moved his hips forward ever so slightly, just about touching their cocks off each other. He tried to kiss Dean again, getting nowhere, eyeing up his muscled arms and solid chest. Knowing he couldn’t win, he glared up at Dean instead.
He got a thought in his head and went off to find Charlie. He located her in her office. He barged in, sat down and looked her dead in the face. "What should I get Cas for Secret Santa? I want it to be perfect."
“And one on the number 3 elevator.” This guy hadn’t stood a chance, getting hit with an elbow as soon as he tried to exit the lift, easily being knocked out when his face connected to the metal side. After the cable ties, Cas had walked away leaving the lift door close repeatedly on his head.
“Oh is that so? Well, here’s the thing. I was a triple A rated executive protection agent-“ Cas began hot wiring the car.
Despite the bandage, Dean was bleeding profusely from his leg wound, a pool forming rapidly around his foot.
They began to speak over each other. “You’re not paying me! And being prepared for everything means-“
“No I did not. And if guys like you-. No. If sociopaths like you weren’t running around trying to kill my clients, then no one would get hurt.”
Dean rolled his eyes. " 'Beloved holiday tradition' my ass. It's not like it's the night before my wedding or something."
Cas got out his little belt of tools, broke into and hot wired the car. They were blowing out of the garage in no time. Cas was all hyped, while Dean frankly looked bored in the passenger seat. Cas had taken the slope too hard and had hit the gas a little too much. They crashed through the wooden barrier at the bottom of the car park, immediately swerving into some parked cars outside. The airbags erupted into both of their faces.
“Hey, you’re the one that fed and watered me, gave me medical supplies and let me sleep for hours and hours. I blame this good mood on you.” Dean bopped him on the nose for the last word.
Dean could just about make out Cas’ sleep softened face up close. Fuck, he was so beautiful. And those eyes of his! This schoolboy crush of his was lasting a hell of a lot longer than Dean thought it would. It had been years now, and his feelings for Cas hadn’t changed. If anything, they’d grown even more. He knew he was just a killer in Cas’ eyes, but hopefully he could do enough with the serendipitous opportunity of this trip to show him otherwise.
Dean stared at him through the smashed window with his mouth hanging open. “You good? What happened to the seatbelt rule??”
Dean turned and picked up a glass of water. He held it up to Cas’ lips. Cas drank deeply, starting slightly when a few drops fell onto his bare skin. When he finished, he glanced down at his naked chest, with the blanket coming halfway up his torso. He looked back to Dean with a smirk.
Dean righted him up, making sure he was steady on the steps before letting go, much to Cas’ chagrin. Oh boy, he was fucked.
Alastair placed a bundle of pages in front of Chuck, gave him a knowing look, and then got back to destroying some nearby shelving. Chuck picked up and calmly skimmed through the papers. Garth swallowed, flinching at every loud sound. Chuck began to read aloud from the pages.
Dean had managed to sing himself to sleep. He was slumped in his seat, head lolling around with every turn. Cas looked to him briefly with a small smile. He wasn’t so bad when he was quiet. While keeping a good eye on the road, Cas admired Dean’s symmetrical face, long lashes and full lips. It certainly didn’t help that the man was sex personified, and managed to push all of Cas’ buttons constantly. Sure, Cas had noticed him on some past jobs, how could he not? He was gorgeous, and Cas had eyes. But hell, Dean was annoying as fuck, and a bad guy. A killer, who had even tried to kill Cas multiple times. That couldn’t be overlooked. Yes, Cas was a killer too on occasion, but he protected people first and foremost. Because of this major difference, Cas shouldn’t have noticed him at all. But he had. Oh but he had, and his mind was torn.
“Okay, go.” Cas whipped around his side of the car, as Dean did the same on his. Cas fired several shots at them while Dean got a brief look before he was forced back behind the safety of the car. “Whoah! Shit!” He and Cas met back in the middle.
Cas wiped his mouth. “He’d say, my thing is better than your thing, motherfucker. I guess bullets are just allergic to me, motherfucker. This guy single handedly ruined the word motherfucker, do you know how hard that is to do?”
Cas tensed, causing Dean a moment of uncertainty. Cas tipped Dean’s chin up to look at him properly. “Of course I want you, Dean. You’re mine. Don’t you ever doubt that.”
Alastair grabbed Gavin by the throat, pulling him to his feet, and then held him aloft in mid-air quite easily. He watched Gavin intently as he spluttered for air.
Dean waved his gun for emphasis. “Cas, I would threaten to bust a cap in your ass if you don’t give up that wheel, but we both know I couldn’t and wouldn’t do that to you. Come on, we’re running out of time.”
He could hear the sigh, smiled and took that as his cue to leap into the room, badly singing the Indiana Jones tune at the top of his voice.
“Yes, yes! Now get ready and go, Dean. Take that bastard down and get Samuel back. We miss him.” Rowena stared up at him critically. “Sure I can’t send some extra help or back up with you?”
Around 5pm, there was a tentative knock on his door. Without even looking up from his laptop, Dean bellowed "Come in Charlie! What's up?"
Two men wearing dark leather clothes, baseball caps and sunglasses walked past her, heading for the roof. They calmly slipped past milling and running doctors, stepping into a lift, pressing the top button.
As Chuck followed the doomed flight, his eyes fell on Dean standing nearby. He glared unblinkingly at Chuck, not even flinching at the loud explosion behind him. Chuck’s face dropped. He cowered back as Dean advanced on him with unmistakable intent, cold anger clear on his features. Dean gave him a little icy smile, then casually shot Chuck through the leg. Chuck doubled over, flopping onto his back in agony.
Chuck and his heavy made it to the roof. Chuck ran out, climbing the metal staircase to get to the higher part of the roof. They heard gunshots below. The guy in the police uniform nodded to Chuck, heading back to watch the door while Chuck carried on.
Sam, Jess and Charlie chorused out their thanks to Dean as they headed around the house towards the car. Cas hadn’t stopped looking at Dean, who was beginning to shift a bit under the scrutiny. “Thank you Dean. So much. I can pay-” Cas said in a soft voice, beginning to tremble again.
Dean sat back, one arm along the back of his bench seat, surveying the diner. He looked back to Cas, who was wiping his face with his hands, and then slumped them back onto the table, hunched over.
Dean smiled helplessly, looking to Cas with hope-filled eyes. There, his heart was laid bare, but he could feel his walls already going up again as Cas sat in silence, slumped back in his seat, staring into the darkness.
Chuck held his upper arm, staring back at Dean, who hobbled towards him slowly, gun up. The sound of a helicopter grew louder. They both looked behind Dean to see the red and white medical chopper, just as it opened fire on Dean. “Oh fuck!” Dean dived for cover, as it hit a nearby unit, causing a massive explosion. The chopper stopped shooting momentarily as it eyed the damage and smoke, looking for Chuck.
“Well, that’s true.” Dean leaned down just enough to ghost his lips along Cas’, earning him a desperate whimper. Dean watched Cas’ scrunched up eyes and breathless pants as he trailed a tongue along his lips softly. Deciding to take pity on him at last, Dean simultaneously snapped his hips forward and met Cas’ lips hard. Cas moaned into Dean’s mouth in unabashed desire, meeting Dean’s tongue thrusts as he rutted back. They were unable to stop their desperate kisses this time, devouring each other like life itself.
“Mr Crowley..” Cas began. Crowley pushed several pills along the table’s surface into his open mouth at the edge, glaring at Cas. “..Are we ready to go?” Cas tried a small smile but it just looked pained. Crowley stood slowly with an angry stare before erupting in fury.
Dean looked back up when he didn’t answer, his stomach dropping when he saw the horrible stillness of Cas’ face.
Cas turned his head slightly to steal a glance at Dean’s handsome profile while he could. Even with the jacket, he looked ripped, and just his type. Wait, what had Dean said? To watch where Sam was stepping?
“Stay alert.” He spoke into the microphone at his wrist. Several people around the square touched their ears, and spoke into their own microphones. “Copy that.”
Dean grinned at him, switching on the radio, loudly singing and dancing along to whatever obnoxious bullshit that started playing, swigging from the hip flask the whole time. Cas frowned at the road, willing this trip to end. He mentally went through all of his past transgressions, wondering which deity he’d managed to piss off this time, and how badly.
Another guy appeared around the corner in front of them, pointing his gun. Dean shot him easily. He opened the door of a waiting running car and gently laid Cas carefully along the back seat.
“I thought that was an unusual colour. What was that, periwinkle? Although, I did find this in the back seat.” He handed over the bag from his passenger seat, which contained a mini dachshund.
“Oh fuck!” Dean scrambled up, firmly pressing his hands onto Cas’ wound, shouting into the chaos of the courtroom. “Medic! Medic! We need a medic over here!”
"I'll be fine, I'm going to bed. I just could really use some of those meds, so you would actually be helping me a lot. Am so tired today, I don't think I can go myself."
Cas froze when he heard a low chuckle. “Lose your edge much, Sunshine? You’ve cut your hair.” Cas breathed out with tentative hope. “D-Dean?”
When they came up for air, Cas quietly told him that no one had ever done anything that thoughtful and lovely for him. They kissed again before Cas whispered in his ear that he was Dean's present from Charlie as she had Dean for Secret Santa. Dean laughed as Cas told him how he had seen Dean several times when he started in the office, and while trying to not be creepy, but trying to constantly be around Dean in order to be noticed, he had failed. He eventually had to enlist Charlie to help.
Cas glanced at Dean sourly. Dean giggled and sauntered off into the terminal as their ferry was announced.
Cas whipped past the coughing Belarusians, taking in the scene. He drove up some crates at the side of the canal, jumping and landing on a flat topped tour boat. He drove along that, bringing him almost up to the same level as the bridge. He jumped from the boat, landing right on the man with the bazooka, who was knocked over just as the bazooka went off. It zoomed across the canal, hitting a parked car, which exploded in flames, causing the people in the tour boat to scream wildly.
Cas reached the other bank, turning to follow along behind Dean. Alastair ordered his driver, and they took off alongside the canal again. The Interpol agents stepped out of their cars too late, and shot after them to no avail. The last vehicle in the convoy was also one of Alastair’s. The local cops in front of them got out and aimed at them. The Belarusians quickly reversed, dodging the hail of bullets.
After a few more kisses, they sat together. Dean was very excited and wanted to show Cas everything in his new book, and explain to him that he could change it as he liked. He put a proud arm around Cas as Cas flipped through the book, loving the delight that kept jumping to his face. He could spend hours just watching Cas like this. Charlie came in a little while later smiling broadly at the sight.
“Control Tower, Air Med One requests priority clearance to restricted zone Bravo for medical extraction.” The pilot of the medical helicopter on top of the hospital didn’t see the two black clad men exit the doors, pulling weapons from their bags, heading right for him.
Dean snapped back to it as Cas sat back, nodding and swallowing. “That’s very nice pie, Dean. Enjoy it. Who knows when you’ll manage to have some again. No guarantees for those on the run.”
Unhearing, Gabriel wiggled his eyebrows as he drained the last of his fruity concoction. “Right, I’m off to get another cocktail. Or five. When I come back, we’ll see about getting you laid, baby bro!” He was gone in a flash.
“Wait, wait, wait, hold on. Hey hey, whoa, wait, wait. Here’s what we learned, the key to interrogation is establishing a bond between the interrogator and the subject, ok?”
Cas led them along a canal on a pretty flower filled street, Dean limping along after him. They turned up a side street until they reached a green door in a red bricked building.
Dean smiled as he undid Cas’ restraints on that side, casually kicking Rasputin into the face as he went around the chair. He pulled Cas upright, pulling Cas’ arm over his shoulder while Dean bore the majority of his weight. Cas did his best to stay conscious as he clutched Dean.
She stopped speaking at the sound of a pen on paper. Dean was still staring at the Interpol agent as he signed the document. He slammed the pen down and shoved the paper toward the agent. His low voice carried a lot of weight in the quiet room. “Sam goes free.”
Dean felt around Cas’ back where the bullet should have come out. “Fuck, there’s no exit wound. That bullet’s still in you.” He had lifted his hands to get a better look, ripping open the shirt a little. Dean swallowed uneasily when he saw how deep the wound was. “Cas?”
The UN peacekeepers saw it coming, and tried to clear people out of its path, shouting madly at the crowd to run. The truck smashed through two police jeeps with ease. The demonstrators screamed and ran.
“Fuckin’ hell, I know it’s you. I got caller ID. Such a fucking dick.” Cas closed his eyes in irritation. “You got a pick up for me or wha’?”
“Well!” Gabriel got to his feet, throwing his ID on the table. “I like my odds.” He took his gun out of his holster. “The only way Winchester and my brother don’t make it to the Hague is if they kill each other first.”
He withdrew a paper and before he had it all the way open, both Charlie and Garth chorused in unison, "Who did you get??"
Cas nodded in understanding. “We’re nearly there, Cas. And after a drink, you’ll be free of us. If you want.”
Once he was ready, Cas lifted up, snapping back down onto Dean’s hard erection. They both broke off with kissing at that point, lost to other sensations. Cas buried his face in Dean’s neck as he rolled his hips sinfully, causing Dean’s eyes to roll back into his head. Dean pressed his feet into the mattress, using the leverage to fuck up into Cas steadily. Dean cupped a handful of Cas’ ass, pulling him down onto Dean more insistently, threading his other hand through Cas’ hair.
“No no, not the cuffs, I’m talking about these lame ass clothes I’m wearing.” Dean moved his arms, ignoring the falling playing cards, and trying very hard to ignore the gravel in that voice.
Cas rolled out of bed with a smile on his face, sun streaming in the window. He showered and dressed in smart navy suit pants with a crisp white shirt and red tie. He buttoned up his waistcoat and shrugged on his holsters. The coffee machine beeped softly. Cas picked up his full cup, looking through the floor length windows to his nearby Japanese pond and cherry blossoms in full bloom. It was a beautiful spring day. Cas headed to the living room. He stepped over the party debris, batting floating birthday balloons out of his way, finding his brother who had passed out spreadeagled on the floor, hugging an empty bottle to his face with one hand, a soft birthday teddy clutched in the other.
“So I’ve gotta risk my life protecting this coffin magnet over here? No no no, you’ve gotta put something in the pot for me.” Cas glared down at his big brother.
Dean looked back to the waiting projector screen. Meg turned to the judges. “Exhibit 18D. We’ve confirmed the co-ordinates.” The judges nodded.
All the fight was immediately gone from Cas, as he could see the depth of hurt and pain in Gabriel’s eyes. Gabriel snapped out of it first, fuming, pointing to a hallway door. “The transport is in there.”
Dean looked back to his companions, currently scolding Garth who had removed his mask to laugh at them. Dean looked about the room, which was decorated like a mausoleum. There were open stone coffins, blood spatters, body parts strewn about, and it was gloomy as hell. Out of the corner of his eye, he spotted a trembling mass slumped in the corner. He had thought it was some kind of animatronic toy until he drew closer and saw a messy head of hair, and could hear heaving breaths. It was the lonely-looking guy from earlier, sitting in a half sitting position, head between his legs. Dean quickly knelt down in front of him.
For starters, he made a list of all the classic games he had played at Halloween as a kid. Dean had always done his best to make sure they had fun, played games and went trick-or-treating at Halloween, no matter what hell riddled motel they happened to be holed up in. He suspected they were also happy times for Dean, seeing the joy he had brought to Sam. Smiling at the memories, Sam mentally moved on to costumes. Dean hadn't been able to get very far with Cas' pop culture education of classic movies. There wasn't much he had seen and besides that, he wasn't quite sure what floated Cas' boat, aside from Dean obviously. Then Sam remembered that Cas had been quite fond of the Indiana Jones movies. A thought stirred of whips and sex play (and hadn't Cas tried to hide a boner once while watching…?) before he quickly smothered it. He did not need to think about the aftermath, those boys could get there on their own, thank you very much. He wasn't even sure how much Cas knew about sex, but that part was also not his problem. Ok, Dean in an Indiana Jones costume it was. He would be going as James Bond himself out of pure laziness. He still had a tux and didn't see the need to splash out on anything new. Especially as it was just going to be the three of them and he was going to be ignored anyway with any luck.
He paused briefly, staring at his own sad eyes. He had a bad bad feeling about today. At best, they’d survive and put Chuck away, but then Dean would go to jail anyway. At worst…. Cas sighed, sitting on the closed toilet seat, elbows on his knees, head in his hands. His stomach was in knots.
“Oh, oh, oh, parking garage, under the Rolls Royce in space 5, there’s a pound of plastic explosives so you may want to call the bomb squad.”
The helicopter circled the building, still looking for Chuck. Dukhovich made his way to the biggest space where the chopper could land. Not seeing Dean anywhere he went for it, running out into the open area, yelling and waving madly to the helicopter as he stood by the ledge. The Belarusians on board saw him, smiled, dropped their weapons, and got ready to land. Chuck’s heart soared, triumphant that he was getting away from this shit show at last.
Rowena smirked at him, kissing him on the cheek. “That’s not all he’s got. Now go! Come see me again when you’re out of prison.”
Dean silenced three more alarms before he heard a soft knock on the door. Hating to do it, Dean slid out from under Cas, giggling while he evaded the grasping hands, kissing Cas’ messy bed head as he grunted grumpily. Dean unlocked and opened the door, holding his finger up to his lips as he stepped out to meet Rowena in the hall, closing the door softly behind him.
Dean threw his arms up with a huff. “Bitch please!” Hands on his hips, he turned to face Gabriel, who tossed him some handcuffs. “Put these on.”
The convoy arrived at an empty runway at London City airport, where a private jet sat waiting. Cas pulled right up to the stretch of blue carpet that led to the plane. There were four more Triple A Protection vehicles, with six more of Cas’ team standing in front of them, flanking the length of carpet. The helicopter hovered nearby. Cas killed the car engine, turning to his client. “Shall we?”
The landline phone in the corner began to ring. Cas stared at it in horror. “Shit. I thought we’d have more time.” He moved quickly to the window.
Dean smirked before suddenly dropping to his knees, fumbling at Cas’ belt. Cas’ head thumped back against the door in breathless anticipation. Dean took out a very hard Cas, giving him a few solid strokes for good measure, mouth watering at the sight of such a beautiful dick. He leaned forward to press his tongue into the pre-come covered slit, smiling as he felt Cas thrashing above him. Dean didn’t have the patience for teasing at this moment, so he deep throated Cas with ease, amused when he felt both of Cas’ hands shaking in his hair. Dean sucked and licked and teased as much as he was able before Cas had to grab the base of his dick. Dean looked up at him with hooded eyes, delighting in the sight of such a dishevelled Cas, breathing deeply, eyes clenched tight as he willed himself to not come. Not yet anyway. Again, Cas was glad the loud music covered up his needy whimpers.
What to dress Cas in for Dean? There were a few ideas, but the selection was easy. Cas would be dressed up like a cowboy, all blankets and hats Clint Eastwood style. Sam grew up with a teenage Dean, Dean liked cowboys, period. Hell, he remembered how excited he was when Cas sent them back to the 1800s. With a small sigh, he clenched his eyes and dropped his head for a moment. Dean could get very excited, he hoped they would keep it down.
Dean left his hand go reluctantly, to rest that arm along the seat back as he backed out of the space, causing him to lean further into Cas’ space. Yup, Cas was well and truly fucked.
Cas had to drop his head onto Dean’s shoulder as he fucked up into him. Shit, he was already so close. He was just about to tell Dean so, when Dean suddenly locked up, his fist pounding on the door as his inner walls spasmed deliciously around Cas’ dick, coming untouched against the bathroom door. Long ropes of come dripped down the fading paintwork. Dean’s head dropped and his shoulders slumped from the intensity. Cas clutched at Dean, arms wrapped around him tightly as he followed him, spilling into the condom deep within Dean moments later.
Dean lowered his gun, stepping right into Chuck’s space, glaring down at him, furious stoic anger on his face.
Dean watched his mouth closely. Good fuck, Cas had such beautiful lips. And if Dean was imagining them wrapped around something else, that was his own damn business.
A police car zipped past them in the opposite direction. Cas watched it in the rear view mirror. “You know, why don’t you lay back, keep from getting recognised, get comfortable.”
Dean spoke over his shoulder. “Oh! Sorry. The password is Dukhovich is a dick, all caps, except dick is lowercase.” There were sniggers throughout the court. Zach and Metatron locked eyes briefly.
“Well good, I’ll be safer on my own. As will you.” Strong anger bubbled up in Dean. They were now shouting across the attic space at each other.
Dean opened the door at the top of the tower, right next to the large clock. He removed his hat, rubbing through his hair to admire the view for a moment, eyes searching the windows on the opposite building. He wedged his feet and leaned out over the ledge with some paint and a brush.
Cas hummed, giving Dean a squeeze as his fingers trailed down Dean’s back. Dean made a noise, head twitching as Cas’ fingers moved up and down gently. Dean tried to stop, but he couldn’t stop fidgeting his body in little jerky movements. He relished every tiny touch, giving small moans periodically.
Cas looked up to the sound of a car horn. Dean was grinning at him from the battered car through the open door. He looked unscathed, bright and cheery, unlike the car. “Hey! You about done? Tick tock, Cas!”
“Seriously though, Cas. You’re welcome back to ours for a night cap. We usually play games and such as well. If you’re up for it? No obligation.”
Why had he said that?? Cas hasn't said anything, why hasn't he said anything. He hates them, doesn't he? Maybe he hasn't done good after all.
“Uncuff me, give me some car keys and some guns. I’ll meet you guys there.” Dean was deadly serious.
The chasing cars saw this and pursued Dean along both sides of the canal. Alastair’s soldiers shot at him constantly.
Cas sighed. “Two things, Dean. You’re sitting right across from me. And secondly, what in the fuck do you think my job is? I have to watch you.”
Dean laughed at the enthusiasm of his companions as they ran into the line for the haunted house. He casually joined them without breaking a sweat. The line wasn’t all that long as the tickets were time specific. They were lucky they had someone on the inside so that they could rock up whenever they pleased. Dean smiled at the family group that joined after them, admiring the costumes of the excited children.
“You think it’s fair to want something for nothing. In my country, we would skin you like a cat.” He really twisted in the pen, bringing Zach to his knees. “Would that be fair?” He slowly pulled out the pen. As soon as he was free, Zach cowered back against the wall, cradling his hand, whimpering. Chuck walked right into his space as he continued speaking.
Dean made it to another canal, jumped onto, and ran along the top of, a house boat. There was a speedboat on the other side that people were unloading for the houseboat. Dean hopped into the speedboat and started it up. A Dutch man was holding a box, standing at the back of the speedboat. He shouted at Dean, who couldn’t hear him as the speedboat roared to life. The man fell backwards into the canal as Dean jetted off.
“However it happened…” Dean cut him off with a smile. “..I got my own reasons. Chuck’s going down, you can count on that. I
“Cheer up, Bucko! What else were you gonna do tonight? Get dirty with another book, maybe get freaky with your hand? Eh? Eh?”
Mercifully, a long bridge appeared, and Dean breathed freely with the brief respite of the tunnel. Once through, he looked back to see Cas crossing that bridge on his bike. Cas was now in the thick of the gun battle between the vehicles.
Cas pondered this for a moment as he chewed. It would be a hell of a lot easier than having to worry about Dean every damn minute. He swallowed. “Fine, but the second it looks like you’re gonna run, never mind the cuffs, I’ll restrain you myself.”
They walked outside, and passed between the buildings unchallenged. Crowley couldn’t believe it. He stayed close to Cas as his head spun wildly about them. “Well, that was easy? Practically nothing at all, really.”
Jody turned the laptop to Gabriel so he could see the identification of Cas’ face on the traffic camera image. “You two are brothers, aren’t you?”
It was so loud that Dean knew this wouldn't be special. He had to return to the silence of his office. He tapped Cas on the shoulder and signaled him to follow him. Cas nodded. Once in the office, Dean lost all his nerve. He turned to Cas, hoping to whoever was listening that Cas would like this and wouldn't think of it as some sort of invasion. Here goes nothing.
Dean’s face suddenly dropped and he looked away from Cas for a moment. Cas frowned, wondering what was wrong. Dean returned his eyes to Cas’, although they were more tear-filled than before.
Suddenly, Dean pulled back, eyes downcast. Cas looked down to see his shirt pulled up. Dean gently rubbed over the scar in Cas’ side that no longer hurt. He looked back to Cas, resting their foreheads together, heavy tears shining in his sad eyes. Cas cupped his face with concern.
Cas grinned wide, nodding too. Dean dove back in for more desperate sloppy kisses while Cas fumbled in the bedside locker.
“Well, what else is there? I mean, take away the guns, the money, the travel, that perfect shot through someone’s ear hole from 300 metres…. None of that means dick if I can’t tell Sammy and my family about it.”
An unknown amount of time had passed when Dean was jolted awake by the noise of people passing in the hallway. He fought the gradual rise to consciousness as he was so warm and content, but his brain had other ideas. Dean’s right arm was outstretched and wouldn’t move when he called upon it. He could feel a rhythmic warm breeze along his chest. That surely wasn’t right? Dean frowned slightly in confusion as his senses came back online one by one.
He shot a finger gun and a thumbs up at the store employee for a job well done. Cas wiped at the nail wound with his sleeve, dabbing at the blood. He saw the shovel had cut through his suit pants, gouging a crescent shape deep into his muscle. Prick. At least the wound didn’t appear to be bleeding much, he had that going for him. He tentatively felt along his back. Yup, definitely bruised, at the very least. “I’m getting too old for this fucking shit.”
Dean propped Cas up desperately, working a hand under him to get a better hold. He cupped Cas’ cheek with his free hand, blinking away his tears so he could watch Cas’ eyes insistently, trying to bring him back by sheer force of will. He shook Cas’ body again. Nothing.
“Well, I had an armful of bodyguard that I couldn’t get around, so guess I was stuck there. His grip was pretty tight.”
“No, it’s fine, Dean. Thanks for waiting until my contracts were done. As it turned out, my business did get fucked over better than you could ever manage it anyways, but I appreciate the courtesy nonetheless.” Cas heaved a heavy sigh.
“There’s an art to low impact, high efficiency breaking and entering.” Cas selected the tools he’d need. “But-“
He was led to the corridor of holding cells. A lone police officer was at a cell door, trying to get it open. The UN peacekeepers spotted him, and gratefully headed his way, calling to him. “Officer, the building is in lockdown. Dukhovich does not leave his cell.”
“Awh, that’s so cute!” Dean moved to a nearby framed photo of a smiling Cas and Gabriel on a table. He picked it up. “I didn’t know your face did that. You look so happy here.”
Cas weaved in around the vehicles, heading for Alastair’s in front. Dean was driving practically on his knees, trying to stay away from the automatic fire. The shooter was wholly focused on his target, paying no attention to his surroundings. Cas came up behind and shot him through the arm several times. The shooter dropped the gun, flopping back into the seat with a roar of pain.
Cas pulled the cover up to his neck as Rowena laughed. “No, no. I know better, believe me.” She turned an arched eyebrow to Dean, pulling him down to her level to whisper in his ear, “He’s fabulous. Well done.” Dean smiled when she pulled him further in for a hug.
Sam barely looked up, waving them in. He glared at the staff until they backed out of the room and closed the door. He then picked up the phone.
Cas cut him off. “I know everything I need to know about you. All your early arrests, your step father in and out of prison. You following in the same footsteps.”
Dean looked to Cas, wondering who’d pissed in his coffee. While maintaining eye contact, he reached silently for the radio. “No.”
Cas rolled his eyes fondly, setting the cup down by a laughing picture of the two of them. He hauled Gabriel up onto the couch on his side, covering him with a throw. Gabriel didn’t even flinch, just cuddled into the teddy and bottle some more, sighing happily. Cas bopped him on the nose. “Hope you had a good birthday, big brother.”
Cas settled up quickly, sitting in silence while Dean recounted a funny story as he finished his pie. Eventually, Dean patted his full belly with a sigh.
As they pulled out onto the street, Gabriel listened intently to the radio communication between vehicles. His face remained stoic, but he rubbed his sweaty palms down his lap, adjusting his bullet proof vest. Dean eyed every agent in turn.
Rowena nodded, shuffling Dean back into his chair. “That’s right, dearie. Always a place for you both here.”
Dean punched the goon savagely in the face with the helmet, and threw the entire bucket of water at Rasputin. While he was spluttering, Dean stepped in real close, grabbed his wrists and turned the still active jump cables to his own bare chest. Rasputin screamed as he couldn’t shake Dean’s strength. He sank to his knees, squealing as he was electrocuted.
Cas coughed to hide his almost gasp, managing to stammer out, “Um, it’s not far.” What the hell was wrong with him today?? The pre-dawn light was already beginning to stain the sky to the east.
"Oh Dean, there is nothing to apologize for. I know how hard you work. Your reputation has preceded you." There was that smile like the sun. Dean just stared at him.
Cas sighed. “Let’s just try to get to the car without killing anyone, all right?” He peered around the corner, happy the coast was clear. He pulled Dean tightly to himself to take more of his weight so they could move faster. Dean stayed silent, enjoying the proximity while he could get it.
Rasputin moved around Cas, nodding to his colleague from earlier who had just brought in a full bucket of water. The third man was nowhere to be seen. Cas almost laughed. “Waterboarding? Really?” The goon started to put on thick gardening rubber gloves. “You know, I was in the CIA and we don’t do that anymore.”
“No, no, no Dean. It was my fault. I did it all to myself. When it happened, I acted like a child. And it cost me my only family for two long years. It’s been very lonely, he was all I had. But I did that, not you. Gabriel, we were closer than brothers. Closer than anyone. I should have just listened to Gabe, but I didn’t. Couldn’t. And… I ruined it all.”
Charlie’s hand slipped into Cas’, startling him momentarily. “Yikes, you’re very wound up Cas. But time to move on now.” They all carried on after Dean, waving at Pamela as she got back into position.
“What can I do for you?” The bartender asked, wiping her hands on a rag before pulling out a pen and pad.
Dean coughed, and Cas shook himself back to the present; he realized he had been staring at Dean despite his earlier attempts not to.
He was waved over by Sam to a side table against the wall, the floor already sticky and full of peanut shells despite it being only 9 pm. He managed a quick hello to Sam and signed to Eileen the same before Dean appeared out of the veil and dragged Cas along to help him get drinks. They managed to worm their way into an open spot between a few other bikers and another local hunter they saw a few times a month, flagging down a bartender on the other end.
