Dean had expected Cas’ deep voice, so the feminine voice confused him.  The barrier spell was still active so he risked a look.
Dean had joked a lot.  Castiel took it in stride, he knew Dean processed things differently than he did.  He had not married an emotionally intelligent man.  He knew Dean was scared, but didn’t want to show Castiel how upset he was.  Castiel worked around it and tried to offer support as best he could.  He did his research at work so Dean wouldn’t see him do it, and provided information whenever Dean seemed receptive.  Which was rarely.
“You should take off the rest too,” Cas told him.  He was carefully laying out Dean’s clothes around the fire to dry.  He held out his hand toward Dean but refused to make eye contact.  “You’ll catch cold if you stay in those wet things.”
“I doubt it.  But it will make Dean happy and that will make Castiel happy.  That will be enough.  Even if he never speaks to me again it’ll be enough.”
“I wish I could say the same,” Cas said.  He moved a knight to threaten Dean’s bishop.  “My brothers and I aren’t all that close. Except Gabe and I.  Michael left home when I was quite young and is always on some campaign or another. I was surprised he found a wife to marry.  Raphael travels a lot too, but settled down to open a hospital and a school.  I doubt he’ll ever marry.  To busy with his work.  Gabe is, well, Gabe.  Always a prankster.  Love him, but sometimes I need distance from him too.”
“No, this really is about you meeting her to see if she’ll accept you as court wizard.  She doesn’t have a court yet, but having you as a potential advisor might get her father off her back for a bit.  And it’ll definitely get mother off yours.”
Michael looked up and nodded.  “I’ll get her to Raphael and meet you down there.”  There was a crack of thunder and bolt of lightening snaked down from the clear sky and struck him.  Another bolt cracked down and Michael was standing next to Lilith.
There was nothing he could do.  He would leave in the morning and head home.  If fate was being kind, perhaps he would find something on the way home.  Otherwise he would have to figure out Sammy’s future when he got back home.
They turned off the road and continued along the path.  It was wide enough to allow both of them to ride comfortably abreast.  The trees hugged closer, but any of the lower hanging branches were easy enough to avoid.
“True.  But for all those years, eons upon eons, Castiel knows that he has Dean to look forward to.  What is a few billion years when you get your love at the end of it all?”
Castiel was conflicted.  He was ecstatic that he was married.  Well, not just married, married to Dean and that was just amazing.  He hoped no one asked him about details of the ceremony.  He remembered Dean was there and everything else was a blur.  He was also about ready to shove a fork into his eye.  The man in front of him had been prattling on about some trade deal for at least ten minutes now.  Castiel had neither the interest not the authority to do anything with it.  He was being polite because he was pretty sure this man was related to Dean somehow and didn’t want to start off his marriage by irritating a relative of his husband.  The only thing worse than the man was his wife.  She had the most irritating laugh and kept touching him. Petting him really.  If he had to deal with them any longer he was concerned.  One or both of them might end up as toads.
Dean ran his thumb over the ring on his finger.  It was a new sensation to wear a ring.  New, but good.  He liked having it there.  It meant Cas was his.  The ceremony had been brief.  Or long.  He couldn’t really remember exactly.  He remembered Cas and how great he looked.  Dean wasn’t sure if it was a spell or love, but he couldn’t recall any of the details of the ceremony at all.  Except when he was told that he and Cas were married.  That part was crystal clear.
“You’ve read the papers, so you know that already,” Greg sighed.  “Everyone else who came down with whatever this is, was a student of Pop.  The doctor said all the toxicology screens came back negative for any sort of poison.  Still not sure what happened.”
“Nothing that you need to do.  There are some rune stones that I’ll have Dean place.  It will take a little time to set up the parameter, so you’ll have some time to study the spell.”
“How much,” Dean asked.  The man gave him a price and Dean outright laughed at him.  They went back and forth for a few minutes and eventually settled on a price.  Half when before the first trip and the rest when everyone was on the other side.
It was dark on the other side of the doorway.  Castiel concentrated for a moment and his staff materialized in his hand.  He held it up and the green stone that ran along the carvings began to glow.  He was standing in a large, mostly empty, room.  Pieces of broken wood were scattered about.  He suspected they’d once been furniture.  A carefully marked firepit sat against one wall with the remains of a tripod over it, the pot was missing though. Even with the debris, the room was large enough for him, Dean and both horses.  There was another doorway that led deeper into the mountain.  This room looked safe enough.  If the thick layer of dust was any indication, he was the first person to have set foot in here in a very long time.  Goblins probably weren’t going to come streaming out of the other room.
Dean cleared a patch of grass away so Cas could inscribe the circle on the dirt.  After that there wasn’t anything for him to do.  He retreated to the sidelines that Lucifer had indicated would be out of the range of the spirt if it grew aggressive.  He did his best to ignore the soul dying repeatedly and focus on Cas instead.
And then Cas was gone.  Sam hadn’t heard from him since that moment.  He’d lost his brother and his friend in the same instant.
Castiel couldn’t cast a spell as powerful as teleportation and was stuck walking.  Even if he could, he didn’t know where he was going and the spell would likely fail.  Or put them hundreds of miles from where they wanted to go.  Or at the bottom of the sea.  He sighed and glanced over at Dean.  The knight’s calm demeanor made him want to shake the man until he reacted to the boredom that he should rightfully feel.
“Why would he do that,” Billie mused as she accepted the glass from the waiter.  “Why would an angel of heaven dive into hell to pull a mere mortal from torment?  Fall from heaven willingly?  To stand along side that mortal against all comers, even his own angelic brethren?  What could possibly motivate such acts?”
Once inside  he helped Dean off his horse and felt his stomach clench at how unsteady the man was on his feet.  If he hadn’t been holding on to him Dean would have fallen.  The man didn’t seem to notice and just smiled.  He mumbled something and then blurted out “I should ask to kiss you.  But after the hug.”
“Less ignoring and more actively avoiding Dean.”  Donna laughed.  “I know all about the calls to Jody.  She’s right worked up over it.  I’d watch your back the next time you’re over there for dinner.”
He was mentally composing his report.  Bernice hadn’t caused any damage.  Nothing really needed the attention of a ranger.  At least he got a good walk out of it.
“It won’t take but a moment,” the man insisted.  “We can’t offer you much, but we can thank you properly.”
Raphael rinsed his hands in the basin an apprentice provided.  “Jack will be disappointed if I don’t.”
Zachariah rolled backward over the desk and landed on his feet.  A pair of  nasty looking knives appeared in his hands.  “It doesn’t pay to lose your temper knightling.”
specific spell for whatever you wanted to do.  He didn’t even know if there was a spell for what he wanted.  He pulled on the magic and let it spread out from him.
“Not really,” Dean said.  “It looks like the eastern part of the woods.  Except there’s no squirrels declaring war.”
As the newest ranger it was Castiel’s job to scout the area for any damage that Bernice had caused.  They had her chipped and could sort of track her movements, the equipment was old and only gave a vague idea of where the bear was.  He knew she’d moved back to her territory with whatever spoils she’d stolen.
“Nidaviller?  It’s one of the nine realms from Norse lore.”  Sam had slipped into lecture mode.  “He’s a long way from home.  Anything that could make a door to another realm of existence is probably going to have some bad effects on humans.  Where did he put his key?”
“Me too,” Castiel said aloud.  He began to think about the rich green that made up the knight’s aura and how glad he was that Dean wouldn’t stain his aura by shedding innocent blood.  He was tempted to cast the spell again so he could look at it some more.  He resisted the temptation, but it was closer than he would ever admit.
He rounded the corner and found his husband standing in the middle of the room holding a clean diaper.  Jack was not in that diaper.  Jack was not on the table next to Dean either.  Jack was not on the floor.
“Let’s take his toy away from him then,” Gabriel said.  “Cut him off from the Faerie Lands.  That should take the bugger down a notch or two.”
Castiel could sympathize with him.  He felt as tired as the knight looked.  Magic was natural to him, but he usually refrained from using it too much.  Some of it was practical, why misuse it when there were other options?  Some wizards wouldn’t do even the simplest task without casting spells.  Castiel had always felt that he had two hands and could wash a table just as easy as a cloth as he could with a spell.  A lot of his aversion to using too much magic was his concern about becoming a grand wizard.  Now that wasn’t something he needed to worry about.  Instead he could worry about the magic controlling his life.  Or not, maybe he really could keep control and not be forced into a particular path.  Regardless, he had used a lot of magic in a very short period of time.  He was tired right now.  Sleep would deal with that.
Luke stepped aside and Cas was there in all his Cas-ness.  The trench coat was back and his shirt was blood free.  Dean couldn’t see any of the bruising and the stitches seemed to be gone as well.  This was the Cas he knew.  Cas looked whole again.
Dean thought about the sword at his side.  It was magical, but he didn’t think it would help here.  None of the stories Bobby had told him ended with the kelpie being killed or even defeated.  They couldn’t be bargained with like some monsters and were almost impossible to trick.
There was an army of skeletons swarming over the remains of the bogarts.  He could only assume that this was Lilith’s handiwork.  It had been effective, but he couldn’t supress a shudder.  This was why people feared necromancers.  How did anyone stand up to an army of the dead?  He looked across the valley to the large fog bank that was slowly dissipating.  He could see Lilith on a horse.  Her head was tossed back and the deep vibrating note that carried over the battlefield seemed to be coming from her.  As he watched, Lilith swayed in the saddle.  The note wavered and stopped.  Lilith slumped forward on to the horse and slid to the ground.
“I’m glad to hear that,” Raphael said.  “We had something we wanted to talk to you about.  But Gabriel was suppose to be here as well.”
He glanced into the rear-view mirror.  Cas lay across the back seat with his shoulders and head in Luke’s lap.  The witch held the angel in place and was bent over him slightly whispering gibberish.  Dean felt a momentary surge of protectiveness.  He immediately dismissed it.  He couldn’t fix his friend.  Him sitting in the back seat with Cas in his lap wouldn’t fix his friend.  He shook his head and tried to focus on what he could do instead.  He could get Cas back to the bunker.  Maybe there was something he could do there.  He wasn’t hopeful that he could help at all.  He could drive though.
“Thanks for coming so quickly,” Dean said.  Castiel appreciated his husband making the first steps for him.
“That’s fair, you’ve met most of my brothers, I should get a chance to meet another Winchester.  I wonder if he’ll take my spoons too.”
The Faerie didn’t wait for Dean to attack again.  Instead he launched himself back over the desk at Dean.  Dean had better reach with his sword, but Zachariah was faster.  Faster than he should have been.  Dean found himself on the defensive as he sought to avoid the flurry of knives coming at him.
The kelpie hunched down and snorted.  “No,” it growled.  “He is mine.  And you had your chance to flee.  You are mine as well.”
“You haven’t done anything wrong,” Lilith said.  She stepped beside him and hugged his arm.  “Castiel is wrong about you abandoning your father.”
Fortunately Cas wasn’t in the hallway when he came back.  He peeked in on Sam even though it had only been a few minutes.  Dean relaxed a bit when he saw his brother sleeping quietly.  He slipped back to his room and closed the door.
“What is this all about?”  Sam’s heavy footsteps were heard before he entered the room.  “Why do you care about metals?”
“If you’re that worried about him being hurt, why aren’t you the one casting this spell,” Dean asked.  “It’s dangerous to mess around with magic.”
“Because this place hurts you.  Just by it existing, it hurts you.”  Cas looked back at the two men fighting.  “And I can do something about it.”
“That would explain the interference with my scrying spells,” Naomi said.  “I was worried my skills were fading.”  She leaned forward to get a better look at the centre of her tapestry.  “How is that even possible?”
They made good time down the road to the village, though they weren’t pushing the horses.  Baby kept slowing her pace to let Cas’ horse.  He could tell she would want to run in the near future, but seemed content with the current pace for now.
Cas had found the hunt the day after Crowley flounced off with Sam.  He told Dean it would give them something to do until Sam returned and it was only a few hours from the bunker.  Dean didn’t bring it up, but he suspected the angel was also trying to replace the pie Crowley had stolen.  Or at least get Dean to stop whining about the theft.  The pie after this hunt was going to be all the sweeter.
“This is more of a commitment for others to see too,” Dean said.  “A marriage is a way of showing our friends and families how we feel about each other.”
A woman stood in the door frame.  At least Dean thought it was a woman.  She was wearing tattered rags and looked like she’d rolled around in a compost heap.  Her long hair was matted and bits of plant matter clung to it.  Most werewolves Dean had encountered had a woodland scent to them.  This creature smelled like the part of the forest that had begun to rot under too much rainwater.  The smell almost drown out the rotting meat.
“I don’t understand why you need our protection at all,” Castiel said.  “You’re a powerful witch in your own right, why do you need us?”
and its floppy ears bounced as it ran toward them yipping in excitement.  The animal was too excited for Castiel to make any sense out of its speech.
Dean snorted.  “Don’t ever change Cas.”  He stood and began pacing.  “I meant I don’t know how to relate to my emotions well.  Or express them.  I care for you.  A lot.  And I want to do right by you.  I’m not a great boyfriend.  I drink too much.  I lash out easily.  My body is slowly falling apart from all of the damage I’ve done to it throughout the years.  There are better looking men out there.  Funnier men.  Smarter men.”
Castiel held his arms out and his son, his very sticky son, ran into them.  “Oh, Jack.  I don’t hate you, but you can’t take things from the kitchen.  Ellen is very upset about your friend.”
It was huge beast, easily standing several times taller than Dean.  Green scales covered most of its body, but its stomach and underside of its wings were more blue than green.  Its muscular body coiled around the plateau and would make maneuvering difficult for him.  Spikes ran along a long tail that snaked toward the edge of the mountain.  The dragon’s wings were partially spread like it planned to take to the sky at any moment.  Dean was confident this thing could eat him in a single bite if it wanted to.  Dragons were strong, agile and clever creatures.  This was going to be a difficult fight.
Dean’s gut wrenched as the wave of demons raced across the valley toward the brambles.  It turned again when a second wave appeared and he almost vomited by the time the third arrived.  Sam was hunched over next to him.
The dragon slammed its clawed hand down near Dean.  He took a step backward, but the claws weren’t close enough to hurt him.  He noticed that the claws had sunk slightly into the rock face.  The muscles in the hand tightened and dragon pulled itself forward quickly and snapped its teeth where Dean’s head had just been.  The knight had ducked to his left when he saw the body surging forward.
Dean looked calm when Castiel was lead into the room.  He seemed like he was asleep.  Castiel looked for a change in his husband’s face, but couldn’t see one.
“This won’t be a habit,” Cas said without turning around.  “But I thought you’d want an early start today.”
“I can’t speak for fairies, but humans can get stuck in shapeshifted forms.  Part of the spell keeps the mind intact, but over time it wears off.  It’s possible for people forget they’re human entirely and become the animal permanently.”
Without giving him a chance to recover the spirit leapt forward with its sword raised overhead. The blade came whistling down.  Dean reflexively tried to parry with his own sword.  There was a solid clang of the weapons.  The spirit stepped in closer to apply its fully weight to the weapon.  Dean barely felt it.  He could feel the force being exerted on the sword, but it didn’t translate into extra weight for him to push against.  He kept the other weapon locked and began positioning himself to stand.  It took very little effort for him to stand and push the spirit back.
“A good witch I guess.  I mean I don’t hurt people.  I mostly know healing magics.  I use it a lot in the emergency room, helps with traumas.  And in my garden.  I’ll be damned if that old bat Pinkles takes the prize for best flowers again.”  Luke’s eyes widened before rushing on.  “I don’t curse her or her flowers.  I use spells to keep the pests away from my flowers.  And to attract bees.”
In addition to being cold, the water was murky.  Tiny fragments of plant leaves and grasses floated around him. He had no real sense of up or down either.  The weeds pulled him, and he thought of that as ‘down’, but it was just as likely he was being pulled ‘sideways’.  When he had touched the water he felt himself cross a barrier.  This wasn’t the world he was used to, and there would be rules to follow.  He hoped they were similar to the ones he already knew.
“If this had not been your second match,” the other knight told him as he led Dean from the field.  “I do not think I would have won.  Let me take you to the healer’s tent.”
Dean tried his best not to laugh, and he succeeded, but he couldn’t keep the grin from his face.  “You stole your brother’s books to look at naked pictures?”
“That’s better,” the woman said.  “A daughter of the Court shouldn’t let herself be seen so….poorly.”
Dean was fully on his feet and Castiel prepared to drop the barrier to let the knight continue with his battle.  He felt confident that he’d be able to recast the spell faster next time.  He let the barrier go.
“No,” Charlie said.  “You’re not ready.  She can wait for us to leave.  We’re paying her well for this.  She’s getting a royal pardon from me and some protection from the
Dean tried to regain his feet, but the world tilted alarmingly when he tried to do so.  Instead he nodded slightly.  He accepted the other man’s hand to stand.  There was some cheering from the crowd, but Dean was pleased to hear a fair bit of booing.  He had done well enough to have at least a few people hoping he’d win.
“You gave me my home again.  It is I who should thank you.”  The dwarf seemed uncomfortable with the praise.  “You have a beloved to gift a ring to and I have other work to do.”
“This is “This is Michael Anderson.  I’m one of the physicians responsible for the ICU tonight.  I’m sorry to have to call you, but I need to tell you that your husband has suffered a stroke.”
“The burns are bad,” Lilith told him.  “Raphael says he’ll be scarred, but he’ll live.  Hellfire burns deep and always leaves marks.”
Cas placed the bowl over a candle and let go.  The bowl remained suspended over the flame.  A moment later thick smoke began to rise up from the bowl.  By the time it did Cas was already placing another bowl.  Once all the bowls were placed it became difficult to see Cas’ form clearly. He could smell the smoke from where he was standing and it wasn’t pleasant.  It was acrid, but was the perfect aroma for the chanting.  It smelt like the words felt inside Dean’s head.
A few moments later a pudgy man came panting up to the gate.  He was dressed in well crafted, but dusty travelling clothes.  Not extravagant, but definitely wealthy.  Castiel thought he might be a merchant.  A fairly successful one if his clothing was any indication.  He looked vaguely familiar, but Castiel couldn’t remember where he had seen him before.
They went through the back door.  Dean had hoped to be quiet, but the door shrieked open when he pushed on it.  Spirits of the damned would have made less noise.  Any concern caused by the sound vanished when Dean’s nose was assaulted by the stench.  Rotting flesh left a distinctive smell and this was it.  A lot of it.  Years of dealing with unpleasant things allowed Dean to push past his urge to vomit, but he didn’t want to hang around here long than he had to.
“No,” Lucifer said.  “I made my choices.  Right or wrong, I made them.  I get to live with them.  I only wanted to wish you well.  I wish only the best for you.  I’m sure Dean will treat you well.”
Dean didn’t seem phased when he walked into the room.  He glanced around the room and took everyone in before returning his gaze to the queen.  He bowed deeply to her.
Castiel stood up and looked at the four men asleep in the mud.  His spell would keep them asleep for days.  He wasn’t sure if he wanted them dead yet, he wanted Dean’s input on that first.  But he knew he didn’t want them waking up anytime soon.  He was angry at their trap and that they had fallen into it.  He kicked the man closest to him in the ribs before looking around.  There might have been more of them.
“Maybe,” Lucifer mused.  “I have to ask why though?  Not why should I do this, but why do you want me to do this?”
Naomi laughed to herself as she watched Jack’s head disappear under the water in the stream again.  The current was slow in this part of the stream and the boy was a strong swimmer, but she kept a watchful eye nonetheless.
“It’s weird because he started talking in the middle of a conversation.  Like he’d done it before.”  Castiel told Dean.  “When I asked him about it he says that he talks to her all the time.”
“I beat up a lady of the court?”  Dean looked at Princess Charlene.  “You’re friends with a dragon?”
His conversations with the birds an animals didn’t help as much as he would have hoped.  He made the mistake of trying to get some of the birds to tell him how big the forest was.  Then at least he’d have an idea of how long before the scenery changed.  It took several tires, but eventually they understood what he wanted and he was able to understand the answer.  The forest went on for as far as they could see.  Horizon to horizon full of green trees.  Broken here and there by rivers and large areas that he thought might be settlements of some kind.  Though it could just be natural rocky formations.  Birds were a little shaky on architecture.  Sparrows had the same word for both natural rocks and man-made buildings.
“A worthy cause,” Benny said.  “But it is I who should thank you brother.  To fight for a cause again.  A real cause, not just the memory of one, that almost makes my imprisonment worthwhile.”  The spirit took a few steps toward the battle below.  “We shall clear the way for you.  You'll get your boy back today”
Castiel had built up an image of Bobby from Dean’s stories.  Dean spoke highly of him.  While traveling he had wondered if Bobby would live up to those stories.  Moments after meeting the man he decided it was all true.  The man called out a gruff greeting from inside the stable as the rode up.
“What the hell is happening?” Dean asked.  He knew what he was seeing, but had no idea what any of it meant.
Castiel caught the pained look on Dean’s face.  “You’re doing very well for someone who’s self taught.  I could help you a bit if you’d like.  I’m rusty with reading, but can speak it well enough.”
“Yeah, well you get what you get.”  The other Dean tied the cloth off around Dean’s arm before wheeling the desk chair over so he could sit on the edge of the bed.
Unfortunately, the first people they met were his nephew and his nurse.  Gabriel swallowed his laughter.  Jack did not need to see him laughing at his father’s pain.
“I feel like I could sleep for a week,” Castiel said.  He accepted the pear that Dean handed him.  It was perfectly ripe.  Not too soft, but not to hard either.
Castiel took his seat and waited for take off.  He enjoyed traveling and especially enjoyed flying.  It was one of the major reasons he worked for the company he did.  There was a lot of business trips to take and he got to spend time all over the world.  Most of his coworkers hated it, but he never turned down a chance to travel.
The woman closed her eyes and took a deep breath.  “Peacock,” she repeated.  She shook her head and tried again. “Peacock.”
Raphael gave Jack a quick glance over and assured them that the baby was fine despite having been out in the rain.  Castiel breathed a sigh of relief, he hadn’t even been aware that he was worried about Jack get sick.
Rowena was about as happy as Raphael had been, but was far snarkier about it.  There was no confusion about how she felt.  Dean sunk into the bed and let her lecture him at length.  He was too tried to resist.  And too embarrassed.
“You’ll have to forgive the rope.  I know me and if I’d confronted me directly the best I could hope for would have to be stabbed in the leg.”
“It’s fine,” Cas sighed.  “I’m fine not having that level of power.  Wizards who obtain it always have to do great and wonderful things all the time.  I don’t want that life.  Mother just keeps trying to push me into it.  I’d be happy reading books, talking to birds and maybe growing a garden.”
“He came with you to our box the day I ran off,” Charlene said.  “I can’t remember his name though.”
For the rest of the class, and for an hour afterward, the woman helped Castiel with his pie.  He learned a lot from and about her.  Her name was Helen and her husband had loved pies.  She made one a week for him every week of their marriage.  All 62 years of it.  Her husband, Harold, would have had her make one every day, but she didn’t want to have to buy him new pants every month.  So Harold got one pie a week.
Gabe rolled his eyes.  “Again, I don’t believe that, but I’m not going to fight about it right now.  There are drinks to be had and skirts to chase.”
The afternoon passed with Dean cleaning the armour he’d dug up.  The grime of centuries fell away with little effort.  The gentle sounds of Dean scrubbing had lulled him to sleep and Castiel had napped part of the afternoon away.
Castiel retreated with the horses to a safe distance and whispered to them to keep them calm.  He lashed their reins to a tree in case they decided to bolt.
“No, I’m not,” Lucifer admitted.  “Your call sounded urgent and I didn’t want to spend days traveling to you if I could offer assistance this way.  If I need to be there physically I’ll come, but it will take time.  I don’t even think Father could have covered that distance in such a short time.”
“What is happening?”  The man looked around and saw the smoke shrouded form of Cas.  “Who are you?”  He took a step toward Cas and vanished.
“Oh, right,”  Castiel dropped his backpack to his feet and pulled out a thermos.  “I made you some soup.”
Castiel kissed Dean and helped him tie the straps of the gown.  “Maybe.  Bleached out green has always been your colour.”
By the time Cas was fully awake the sky had begun to cloud over.  Dean didn’t think it was going to rain yet, but the day was not as bright as it had been when he had his staring contest with the fox.  He imagined the bandits they had left behind would find the late morning air a little chilly if they’d been awake enough to notice anything at all.  They probably also wouldn’t feel great after laying down in the mud for so long.
“A nephew we just found out about,” Lilith snarled.  She locked eyes with Castiel again.  “A nephew who is FIVE years old.”
He ran past the pillars and up to the knight.  Castiel grabbed his wrist and forced him to set the glass back down.
Well, he wanted to shout.  What came out was more of a hoarse croak.  He barely heard it himself and the voices continued.  He tried again and had a bit more success.  The voices stopped and he heard walking.
Dean took a step back and looked at the three brothers.  Michael was smiling, but looked very serious.  Gabriel was smiling and didn’t look serious.  Raphael just looked distracted.
Castiel went home and made the pie.  He thought of Dean the entire time he mixed and stirred and rolled.  He did everything Helen told him to.  A perfect pie emerged from the oven.  He set it on the table and waited.  Dean and Sam had left to run errands earlier.  They’d be back soon and he could gift Dean with a pie.  Because he wanted to.  No strings attached.
He turned away from the kelpie.  It had ample opportunity to attack, but hadn’t yet.  If he stayed it probably would, but it seemed more focused on getting its meal.  Dean tried to ignore that its meal was Cas.  He hoped that whatever the wizard had mumbled was a spell to let him breathe underwater.  Otherwise any rescue attempts would come to late.
Baby had moved away from the kelpie, but hadn’t run off.  She was a well trained horse, but supernatural creatures were a bit above even knightly training.  Cas’ horse had taken off into the trees the moment Cas had been pulled from its back.  He could see it in the distance, but he would deal with that later.  He had other things to worry about.
“Knights never catch colds on their quests,” Dean said seriously.  “Might get injured, but never sick.  It’s one of those rules.  Can you imagine how silly it would be to hear about a knight with a cold fighting a dragon?”
“I was just explaining who I was to him,” the wizard said.  “He needed a little convincing.”  The wizard clapped the other man on the shoulder.  “This is my brother Castiel and this is……I’m sorry, I have no idea what your name is.”
Dean took a step backward.  He was bleeding, a lot.  A few of them were deep, but most of the wounds were shallow.  All of them were bleeding freely.  The Faerie kept finding all of the flaws in his armour.  He could feel the smothering weakness of blood loss.
“Fine.  This is the last time I’m helping you with this though”  Sam sighed and looked over the rings on the page.  “Personally, I like the platinum over the gold.  Tungsten is nice, but heavy.  I don’t like the stones, but Cas might.”
Sam adjusted his tie before standing and walking to the podium.  He tapped the glass of water he brought with him a few times until he had everyone’s undivided attention.
Gabriel ignored the tone in Castiel’s voice and turned back to look at Dean.  “It turns out all this fine young knight needed was a person to give him a quest. And I’ve done that for him.  So he’s going to go a questing now.”
“Your arm and ribs are bruised, but they’ll just sting for the rest of the day and then colour up.  Might look like the sunset if you’re lucky.”  She mixed an unpleasant smelling poultice and panted it along his arm and ribs.  “This will help with the swelling.”
“Some of them were nice,” she admitted.  The princess glanced toward the door that Rowena and Gilda were behind.  “I just didn’t want to marry any of them.”
“I am being more than fair on this Castiel,” Rowen said firmly.  “I want every member of your immediate family to agree to my terms.  It’s not much to ask for given that you are living in my home, eating my food and your brother is using my head as his own whenever he wants without the slightest consideration for me.  All I ask for in return is the word of your family.”
The spell must have been temporary.  As they neared the surface his lungs began to burn again.  The first gulp of fresh air was fantastic.  Cas made a similar gasping sound next to him.  He grabbed the back of the wizard’s coat and heaved him up out of the water and onto the road.  He clambered up after him.
Dean had figured out that Cas had used magic to transport him to Rowena’s cottage.  He’d seen the map and the distances involved.  He also had a rough idea of how sick he had been at the time.  There was no chance he had been able to cross that distance and be alive at the other end of the trip.  He was curious as to how Cas had managed to pull it off, but there were things to do first.
“You don’t have a say,” Charlie told her.  “You ride.  Dean, Castiel and I will trade off walking.  We’ll deal with father when we get home.  He’ll probably kill us all anyway.”
He set the staff aside and wrapped it up in the blanket again.  He would deal with that later.  It would take time for him to come to terms with everything.  His mother would be proud though, that was something at least.  Maybe less so that he would use his amazing power to create the perfect beehive.
He furrowed his brow and looked around again.  He wasn’t sure how he missed it when he first opened the door.  A wicker basket sat on the step.  A baby was tucked inside.
“At home, Sam and I would go spend some time in the crypt with our parents,” Dean said.  He sighed.  “I can’t do that here, but I can spend some time thinking about them.  Remembering who they were and not who they became.”
Dean cried out in pain as the manticore sunk its teeth into his shoulder.  Castiel saw the creature’s tail start to rise up and started to panic when the first stab bounced off Dean’s chest plate.  It wouldn’t take long for those barbs to find flesh and inject their venom into.
“So far,” Michael told him.  “You’re up next and by the time you’re done Mother and Gabriel should be here.  Raphael is already setting up a camp for the wounded.  Let’s get you boys inside to deal with the idiot who stole our Jack.”
“Alright.” The king dropped his quill into the ink pot and massaged his hand.  “We’ll have an official ceremony about this later on in a few days.  I hate to have people surprised about this sort of thing, so I’ll tell you now.  Thank you for your role in returning my daughter to me.  I admit that this isn’t how the story usual goes, but my daughter is anything but usual.”  The king laughed a little.  “I suppose she does keep things interesting.”
“No, she’s mine,” the man insisted.  “The witch her charmed her and will do terrible things to her.  I don’t intend to let my beloved animal end up in some potion to summon storms to wreck ships.  Give her back.”
“The spell will hold for a little while longer.”  Luke spoke in at a normal volume.  It seemed wrong somehow.  Like they should be whispering.  “But I can’t keep it going for hours unless I cast it properly.  How long until we get there?”
“You can call me Rowena,” the woman told him.  “Your friend is out in my yard.  He brought you here so his brother and I could deal with that nasty poison you got yourself mixed up with.”
“Really?”  The queen smiled.  There were too many teeth for an instant.  “Perhaps something else than.  Do you have any children?”
“Well,” Cas said as he started to blush.  “Most of them where about what was going on in this general area,” he waved a hand vaguely over his groin.  “I certainly wasn’t going to my parents about that.  I thought about Gabe but wasn’t sure he’d give me the right answers.  In the end I snuck into Raphael’s room and stole some of his anatomy books.”
“Mother might be able to help,” Cas said.  He winced.  “She’s going to be angry that we didn’t go to her first though.”
Dean wanted to look away, but he couldn’t.  It seemed wrong for him to turn away from the scene.  He watched the two men fight and the one man die.  Again and again and again.  Cas stood by his side and leaned into his shoulder offering the support of physical contact.  Dean appreciated it and didn’t think he could have gotten through this without Cas.
Lucifer sighed.  He looked up at Castiel.  “You aren’t wrong to be mad with me Castiel.  The night Father died I wasn’t there.  I should have been, but I wasn’t.”
“Don’t be.  I waited to thank you.  You helped her a lot Castiel.  She wasn’t the same woman after Great Uncle Harold died.  She withdrew and I pushed her a lot to come out.  She finally relented.  I think to shut me up.  But then you showed up and she just had to help you.”  Janice wiped her eyes.  “I’m glad you two met.  She laughed about how bad you were in the kitchen and then became so proud that you succeeded.  Thanks for being her friend.”
“You are not a very bright human are you?”  The dwarf squinted at Dean.  “Would I stay here slowly turning to stone if I could leave when I wished? No!  I am trapped here because another of your kind stole my key.”
“Thank you,” Dean said.  “How many?  I think I can raise a few hundred men from my lands and those that owe my family favours.”
Charlie stood and stared down at the woman in the bed for a moment.  When she turned back her face was composed.  A look that Dean had seen often when visiting nobles had come to see his parents.
“Nonsense,” Gabe said.  “She’ll be too busy bragging about you baby brother.  You the latest grand wizard of the family.  She’ll be over the moon.”
Dean saw his chance and twisted to pin Zachariah’s arm.  He punched the Faerie with his sword hilt.  There was a satisfying crunch of his nose breaking.  Zachariah let go of the knife in Dean’s thigh and tried to stagger backward.  Not wanting to let him recover, Dean let go of the man’s wrist and grabbed the key ring on his belt.  He backhanded Zachariah with it.  The metal ring and keys made full contact with his face and the Faeries grunt of pain became a scream.  A huge black burn covered the left side of his face.  Zachariah dropped his second knife and clutched at his face.  The blackened area looked like it was spreading.
“That was my brother and Rowena,” Cas corrected.  He walked over to his horse and began pulling out dry clothes.  “I wasn’t much help countering the venom.”
“That’s going to have to wait,” Dean said.  “She’s going to need a healer.  Unless a fairy can heal themselves.”
“Aphagia.  It’s a form of brain damage that interferes with the ability to communicate.  You can’t speak properly.  You can’t even use sign language.  Sometimes they just get words mixed up, but these people seem to have it bad.”  Sam pulled the computer toward him and sat down.  Dean briefly wondered why he bothered putting it anywhere else to begin with.
Gilda whispered something, but Dean couldn’t make it out.  He pulled on Cas’ sleeve and gestured with his head for them to leave.  This wasn’t something they needed to watch.
“Well the wall is almost gone,” Sam said.  “Look.”  Sam was right, the bramble weed was burning rapidly now.  The smoke billowed into the sky.  He could hear the crackling and snapping of the wood from where he stood.
“One, wizards go on quests all the time,” Gabe countered.  “It’s just usually for rare books or ingredients for spells.  And two, it’s not really a quest.  You’re going to accompany him because I told you to.  Not a quest.”
“We’ll find a way,” Dean promised.  “Gilda might be able to help.  If she can’t we’ll find another.  We’re getting out son back.”
“It’s not okay, but it is what it is,” Castiel said.  “I wanted you to know that it isn’t your fault that I’m quiet.  I don’t blame you for what’s happened.”
“Stop that,” Luke snapped.  “I need to know if you’re finished with the hysterics or not.  You weren’t rational a few minutes ago and I doubt you heard anything I said.  We need to deal with a collapsed lung and can’t do that if I’m worried you’re going to sucker punch me again.”
It was Sam’s presence that bother him the most.  More than either Charlie or Gilda.  He trusted that Charlie would be smart enough to keep herself out of trouble.  He wasn’t worried about Gilda; the faerie princess was going to be able to He had grumbled some when Sam had forced his way into the council room, which was the Novak diningroom.  Sam had shown up and Dean tried to turn him away.
“Thank you for your time Greg,” Sam said as they exited.  “Do you think any of the students might be willing to meet with us?”
Dean huffed and swatted his husband’s hand.  “Maybe I’ll get one for when I go home.  Could spice things up for us.”
One of the new kitchen girls, Anna Dean thought, was on the path.  She had her skirts bunched up and running full tilt toward them.
“Do you believe me now?” the man asked.  His voice echoed around them.  “I could leave you here if you need more convincing.”
Lucifer began tapping the air with the fingers on one hand.  He moved around the table to look at the tapestry from different angles.  “Yes.  I can deal with the bogarts as well as the wall.”
Dean’s eyes widened.  “You must be Barb.  I spoke with your husband Greg earlier.  I think I can help.”
“What do you think?” Dean asked Castiel.  “We could head to the town, cut across the field, hit Grovetop for some armour for me and then head back toward the mountains.”
Charlie huffed.  “Only to stop you two from storming off and laying siege to her mother’s kingdom.  She’ll tell you everything when she gets back.  Though I think she’s right, my mother inlaw couldn’t have done this.  The transition between the Summer and Winter courts isn’t a journey, it’s kind of a time thing.  From what I understand, she’s asleep right now.  Whoever did this, it’s probably not her.”
“Hey, watch the name dropping.”  Gabe looked around quickly and muttered a few words under his breath.  The sound of the bustling crowd around them faded.
He leaned down and kissed Castiel.  Firm and gentle at the same time.  Almost chaste, but with a hint of something else.  It was perfect.  Much better than the one underwater.  He went a little weak in the knees.  It might have been from exhaustion, but he liked to think it was because of how good the kiss was.
After an eternity it grew light enough for him to justify leaving the room.  He did another check on his gear and found it was all exactly where he’d left it last time.  He opened the door quietly and stepped into the main room.  Unsurprisingly, Rowena was up already.  At first he thought she was cooking, but there was an old book open on the table.  He didn’t want to interrupt whatever she was doing, so he slipped outside instead.
Dean sighed, if the barge wasn’t going to come back he was just going to have to cross the river by himself.  There wasn’t enough light to find a place to ford the river, but he might find something that could help him deal with his armour.  He had fallen into a pond once with a chain shirt while in training.  He instructor had dove in after him and pulled him out.  If the man hadn’t done that Dean would have drown for sure.  He had sunk like a rock.  And that was with just a shirt.  Swimming in full armour wasn’t an option.
Cas recited another spell and his entire form shimmered and flowed into the form of hawk.  He took to the air and lead a flock of birds to the north.
They lapsed into silence for a moment.  Jack and Sam were engaged in picking the warmest blanket.  They’d pulled several down and were comparing them.
Castiel looked at his staff and set it down by his side.  He would deal with that later.  “We need to talk about payment first,” Castiel said to his brother.  “You’ve fulfilled your end.”
Dean set his coffee on the rock and stood up.  “Sammy is never going to believe this,” he said quietly to himself.
The other Dean kept pacing and didn’t answer right away.  Dean was on the verge of asking again when the other Dean started talking.  “You know what Sammy’s last words were?”
“It was my fourth,” Dean mumbled as he let himself be directed.  The world kept tilting suddenly when he walked.  He wanted to crawl off alone and lick his wounds, but he didn’t think his sense of balance was going to let that happen.
Sam’s day was mostly consumed with books and lessons.  He had put up a fuss the days right after Dean had arrived home, but the knight had been firm.  Lessons were more important.  He almost had to drag his brother back to his books.  Sam complied more when Castiel began helping him with his elvish.  Sam’s tutor was happy to have his help.  Castiel instantly disliked the man.  He was clearly well educated, but also incredibly lazy.  Castiel also suspected he was dipping into the wine cellar.
With Chester’s directions, Dean and Sam were able to find Barb’s house with no difficulty.  She lived in a large two- story home with an attached garage and a large detached garage nearby.  A heavier set man in his early forties was sitting on the steps smoking a cigarette.  He gave them a questioning look when they pulled up.
Dean laughed.  “I think I’ll stick with the ones I have now.  Wouldn’t want to upset them.”  He traced the symbols with his finger.  “What do these mean?”
He was responding to a call that some joggers had put out.  Bernice had been spotted in the area, and she always caused some chaos when she came this far east.  Her normal territory was away from the tourists, but now and again she would show up and terrorize people.  She was friendly and good natured, but knew people were afraid of her.  She used that fact to scare people away from their food and steal it.  Castiel had to admit that running away from a black bear was a good idea.  He also had to admit that Bernice had a pretty good racket going on.
Cas and Raphael had gotten him back into bed.  Or Cas and Rowena had, he tried not to think about it too much.
“It’s early,” the ICU doctor told him.  “The scan shows that he isn’t bleeding into his brain, but he’s had dozens of small infarcts.  It might be tissue or blood clots, but
Castiel talked with Dean quietly.  He told Dean all the things that he had said before.  That he loved him.  He shared things he had eluded to, but never verbalized.  Like how excited he was when Dean accepted his proposal.  And how he’d been secretly happy he had beaten Dean to popping the question.
DEAN: You’ll crash my internet if I send you another picture of a ring.  And this isn’t just a ring.  It’s THE ring.
By late morning the wizard was fully awake and more talkative.  They decided to have their lunch in the saddle to add a little more distance to their first day.  The plan had been to stop early to make sure Dean was as recovered as everyone hoped he was.  There was no need to have a setback because he was pushing himself too hard.
He waited for a response, but none came.  He wasn’t surprised by this.  His plan probably wouldn’t even work.  After a few minutes of waiting he gave up and went back to the campsite.  Dean arched an eyebrow in question, but didn’t say anything.
“I don’t disagree with you,” Cas continued before Dean could stammer out an explanation.  “Just pointing out that it is a little odd.”
Castiel sighed and relaxed when Jack unwrapped the box Michael and Donna had brought.  Nestled inside were about two dozen small metal figurines.  Small swordsmen with metal swords and shields.  Archers with tiny metal bows.  There was even a knight on a black horse.
Dean hadn’t said much the last few miles.  They’d passed the small chapel where he had spent a night in contemplation.  Charlie had accepted riding from the point on, but had groused about it.  Her constant low grade complaining had left him alone with his thoughts.  His quest was almost at an end and that should be something to be happy about.  But he wasn’t.  His quest was coming to an end, but that wasn’t the only thing.  Cas had agreed to come along for the quest.  Well, he had been forced by his brother to come along.  Maybe he wouldn’t want to stay once the quest was over.  Dean wasn’t sure what to do about that. Or even think about it.  He’d grown attached to the wizard over the last few weeks.  More than attached.  He wasn’t sure he was ready to face the road ahead without him.
Dean nodded and replaced the ring in the box.  He closed it tightly and put it into his pocket for a moment before deciding he would just hold it.  He didn’t want to lose it.
Castiel frowned.  He adjusted the cloth of the sling that one of Raphael’s apprentices had made for him.  His shoulder throbbed a bit, he had been warned it would.  He had been warned by several people.  And then lectured at length about being careful by his brother’s chief apprentice while Raphael stood near by.  Once the apprentice had left, Raphael repeated the lecture.  If Castiel was not careful he would never regain full use of his shoulder again.  To be honest, Castiel didn’t care if he never moved his shoulder again, Jack was safe.
“They’d met in the woods,” the man babbled happily on.  “And to flee the evil had taken refuge in the abbey at Brightwood.  They feel in love there and got married.”  He furrowed his brow slightly.  “It would have been better if they’d spoken to me and his father first, but it was an unusual time I guess.  Fear and all.  The abbot married them and they came home.”  He gestured out at the field.  “We gave them a real wedding though.  Not some indoor affair.  We’re people of the land and they should celebrate that way.”
Castiel groaned and rolled over again.  The sun was firmly above the horizon and there was no ignoring it now.  He had always preferred to stay up night and sleep in late into the morning.  Since he’d started this quest with Dean sleeping in became near impossible.  He knew he was cranky most days and was grateful that Dean let him come into the waking world at his own pace.  It was just one of the many things that he appreciated about Dean.
Dean sighed in relief when Cas let the matter drop and they continued through the village.  Both of them pretended not to notice the faces peeking through mostly closed doors and from around corners.  If the villagers were afraid of them calling them out would not help matters.  Best to just move on and leave them alone.
Castiel couldn’t see it, but he almost felt Dean roll his eyes.  He decided to stay quiet and let Dean take the lead.  There was something about this man he couldn’t quite put his finger on.
Dean arched an eyebrow at him.  “We’re not in the wrong place Dean,” Castiel assured him.  “The man is lying.”
“So, good luck?” Dean said.  “I’m not sure what to say to myself heading back to an uncertain future.”
A quick peek from behind the tree showed the manticore had turned its back toward Castiel and was focusing on Dean.  Its tail was raised for another strike, but it had paused.  Dean wasn’t slashing blindly anymore, Castiel hoped it meant his vision had returned.
It took a bit of careful searching, but they found a spot to stop for the night that was free of the ghostly battle.  It was hard enough to ride through those battles, it would have been impossible to sleep through them.
“I guess,” Castiel mumbled.  He knew that Lucifer was trying to help, but he still felt a weight in his chest.  He picked up the staff and it was very light, almost like it wasn’t in his hand at all.  But it still felt heavy.
“Sort of,” Cas explained.  “Power is part of it, but what grants you the title is the your staff.  When a wizard casts powerful enough magic they manifest their staff.  It’s sort of a symbol of office.  It tells people that you’re powerful and have high level magical talent.”
“You’ll be happier if you don’t know the specifics,” Rowena told him.  “Now, I’ll let you visit with your friend while I wash these up.”
Cas chuckled and kissed him.  They rested their foreheads against each other.  “I bet you’re right.”  Cas carefully got into the bed and settled down on the other side of Jack.
There was an acceptable spot just around the bend in the road.  It was sheltered from the wind and there was even enough wood for a decent sized fire.  Unfortunately, the rain from the night before had soaked most of it through.  They might be able to dry some of it out if they managed to get a fire going, but Dean doubted their ability to even start a fire.  If they couldn’t get one going they had at least blankets to dry themselves off with and dry clothes.
“I have no idea what that means,” Dean said.  “But alright.”  He turned to the princess.  “We’ll be back in a moment.  Is there anything you need to gather before we leave?”
The streets of the village were deserted like they had been last time he and Cas had ridden through.  Instead of the villagers hiding in their homes, the streets were deserted because everyone was in the field.  A large area of the grass had been cut down and tables had been dragged out.  Even from the road Dean could tell they were covered with food.  A platform had been erected and wooden posts framed it.  Two people sat on chairs placed on the platform.  Flowers were liberally strewn around.  The villagers were in the midst of a major celebration.
Anna turned around and ran up the path back toward the manor.  Dean and Bobby followed.  Once they were near the stables they slid of their horses.  Dean heard Bobby snapping orders at the groom as they ran after Anna.
He walked over to the dog and knelt down.  He immediately regretted it as the animal barreled into him and knocked him on his ass.  His face was quickly covered in drool as the animal leapt up and licked him all over.  It took him several minutes to calm the happy animal down before he could get any answers out of it.
“Wow, I really am a dick,” the other Dean muttered.  “Look, in my present, your future, I live alone.  In a cave.  With no one.  No family.  No friends.  Nothing.  I’ve had a lot of time to think about where and how I fucked up.”
“Of course you will,” Cas muttered.  Dean didn’t think he was going to answer his question at first.  He just stared at the board.  “I have one other brother, Lucifer.  We don’t talk.”
Jack held up a small white stone with a hole through it.  It had been worn smooth by its time in the river.  “I found it at the bottom.  I’m going to give it to Poppa.”
When he was laying in bed later that evening, Dean thought that he might have held that hug a little too long.  Or a lot too long.  Cas hadn’t said anything and he certainly wasn’t complaining either.
“No,” Sam told her.  “Cas will find a way to bring him back.  He’s gone to find a way for Dean to come back.”
The roots of one of the larger trees were twisting around themselves and the rubbing was what created the sound he’d heard.  They shifted over each other and appeared like they were braiding themselves.  The roots pushed upward.  And upward.  And upward.  Dean watched as the roots pushed up to over six feet.  They had formed a crude archway.
Castiel looked closer at the woman and had to blink his eyes a few times to focus them properly.  She noticed and just smiled.  She was an attractive woman.  Her blue dress was simple, but expensively cut.  Her dark hair was pulled back from her face with a clip and revealed a pale face.  Her teeth were white, but too white.  Her eyes were a deep brown, but caught the light oddly.  She winked at him and turned back to watch the field.
“Don’t worry about it,” Dean said.  “I’ll get the fork and take it to the woods and then come get you.”
Lucifer caught his breath and gave the same instructions to Ramiel as he had the other two.  He swayed slightly on his feet and looked at the wall.  The combined might of three shackled Princes of Hell might not be enough to bring down that wall.  It was regenerating so quickly.  He couldn’t unbind them, they were too dangerous.  Even if they destroyed the bramble weed they would do terrible things to the world.
Dean approached slowly and the deer eyed him warily.  He wasn’t sure what Cas had told her, but she obviously didn’t fully trust him.  When he was next to Cas the man took his hand and held it out toward the fawn.  With some gentle encouragement the baby deer danced over to Dean’s hand and nuzzled it.
Dean hung up.  It was the third time the call had skipped to voice mail after a single ring.  Claire wasn’t going to help him either.
“Perhaps we should offer something else in exchange for her help?”  He looked at the angry witch.  “What would it take you to help Gilda?”
Sam glanced him up and down.  Looked at Dean and than back at Castiel.  He broke in a big smile.  “About time.  Glad to meet you.”
The woods were peaceful.  A few birds chirping here and there, but no real noise otherwise.  Even the distant hum of the highway wasn’t audible here.  The paths looked like a great place to take the family dog for a walk.  Sam would probably want to go jogging here.  There didn’t seem to be any hikers out, or dogs either.  At least Dean didn’t see any.  Even though he was technically working, Dean found himself enjoying the afternoon sun.  He was glad he’d changed before heading into the woods.
A memory floated up of his father at the last public meal he ever took.  He could clearly see his father as a sobbing, drunken wreck at the head of the table.  He was surrounded by guests who were either visibly uncomfortable or disgusted with what they saw.  Sam had stared at his plate and mechanically ate whatever was in front of him.  Bobby just looked sad.  Dean had been angry at the time, now he just felt pity.  The meal had been to celebrate his completions of the Trials.  He was eligible to take the oaths to become a knight.  It was meant to be a happy time.  Now he accepted that there wasn’t room in his father for anything other than grief.  At the time he hated the man.
“What my son means is that he and I can portal the troops to the field,” Naomi explained.  “We should probably provide some protection for their minds.  I don’t think most of the soldiers will deal well with witnessing so much magic.”
The next several hours were grueling.  Dean only left the room briefly to get whatever Luke asked for or to get more coffee.  Otherwise he stayed, watched and helped whenever he could.  He watched his friend’s wounds washed and bandaged.  Several of them had to be stitched shut first.  Dean winced when Luke set Cas’ collar bone and splinted it.  Watching Cas’ ribs be adjusted almost made him pass out.  The smell of spell components being burned made his eyes water.  He almost broke his promise to stay when Luke had him help turn Cas on his side so the angel’s back could be examined properly.  The limpness of his friend was surprising.  He didn’t run though, he stayed and held Cas tight while Luke poked and prodded him.  Dean sighed audibly when Luke finally finished.
Dean was about to explain himself when green tendrils shot from the road and wrapped themselves around Cas.  The wizard was yanked out of the saddle and landed heavily on the ground. Before Dean could register what had happened Cas was pulled toward the few centimeters of water and disappeared beneath the surface.
Charlene’s eyes widened and she opened her mouth to retort.  Cas piped in before another tirade could begin again.  Dean believed her when she had wasn’t used to being talked in the way Rowena was addressing her.
“He summoned three Princes of Hell for you Castiel,” Lilith said.  “He almost called up a fourth and it would have killed him to do that.  But if you’d asked?  If you asked he would have summoned dozens more.”  She shifted in her chair.  “I offered to gather the army so he wouldn’t.  I knew if I didn’t he would kill himself to help you.”
“It’s a good idea Mother,” Michael said.  “Other than Zachariah, the only thing to deal with is the focus itself.”
Rowena had found it amusing to watch her open and close the gate herself each time she went for a run.  Baby would delicately grab the latch with her teeth and pull on it to open or close the gate.  She never left the gate open.  She had told Castiel that it would be rude to leave Rowena’s yard open like that.
As his eyes adjusted better to the gloom Dean saw the man staring at them from the far end of the cabin.  At first glance he appeared to be standing, but a length of chain run over a beam in the room held him upright.  The man looked dirty, tired and afraid.  Dean wondered to himself why the man hadn’t called out for help.  He took a step forward and was about to reassure the man when Cas put his arm in front of Dean’s chest.  The angel pointed to a collection of bones around the man’s feet that Dean hadn’t seen initially.  The bones formed a circle of sorts.
Dean looked at the dog carefully and laughed.  “I bet this guy will grow up to be a real terror.”  He looked around at the trees.  “I wonder what he’s doing out here all by himself.  He’s too healthy and friendly to be wild.”
“I’m curious about the man that would seem to be behind my brother breaking his longstanding silence with me,” Lucifer said.  “I’m happy to hear from my brother, but I am curious.”
He was in a small room with light and a soft breeze came in through an open window. A wooden door was set into one wall.  The voices came from the other side. He was tucked under a quilt on a narrow bed.  Bundles of flowers and other plants were tied in bundles and hung upside down around the room to dry.  He very carefully turned his head to see a small table next to the bed with a basin on it.  Dean had absolutely no idea where he was.  No idea where Cas was either.
“I have it.”  Her smile came back.  “A child really should be involved with this.  Since you won’t give me yours I have to give you one of mine.”
If he was being honest with himself, Castiel was relieved that his brother came without the staff.  Though, he could call it anytime he wished.  The staff manifested when a wizard performed powerful enough magic over a period of time.  The magics involved would shape the form of the staff.  Michael’s staff was routinely mistaken for a spear.  A fitting staff for a war mage of Michael’s talent.  Raphael’s was a pale, slender staff that gave off a pleasant perfume that helped banish the smells associated with the sick houses he frequented.  Lucifer’s staff had always made Castiel uncomfortable.  Demonic and necromantic magics had crafted a staff of dark, warped wood that always seemed to scratch the floor to create an eerie sound.  It was a reminder of the darker magics his brother had chosen to follow.
The girl ran straight up to them and Dean had to lean down to catch her before she ran into Baby.  “Calm down,” Dean told her.  “What’s wrong.”
Once they were both in dry clothes, Cas helped Dean manhandle two fallen logs closer to the fire.  They draped their clothes on one to dry and sat on the other.  Dean wrapped a blanket around his shoulders and opened the side for Cas sit next to him if he wanted.  Dean was happy that the man did settle under the blanket with him.
“You’re smarter than this Sam,” Billie sighed.  “I’ll assume it’s the beer muddling your brain.  Death creates a divide in your life.  On one side you have your loved one and on the other you have the rest of your life without that person.  Castiel had a choice.  Stay on this side of that divide and live for eternity without Dean.  Or go back and live on the other side with the knowledge that one day he would be able to get to be with Dean again.”
Dean left his hand hanging for a moment.  Cas placed his own on top and pushed his hand down.  “My brother is far away, this is just a projection.”
There was a loud crash from inside the cottage and some swearing.  Occasionally Garth could be seen through a window darting around.
“He isn’t wrong, but he’s missing some for the details.  Maybe someday I’ll be able to tell him.  For now I can do this.”
Both of them stared at the board for awhile without moving any more pieces or saying anything.  The silence pushed slightly into the uncomfortable territory.  Cas
“It’s more than tradition,” she explained.  “It’s an enchantment built right into the walls.  The tutors won’t teach anyone who isn’t family.”
Lilith was wrapped in a blanket in a chair pulled close to the fire.  Even from the door Castiel could see she was shivering violently.  Small whisps of frost were visible every time Lilith breathed out.
The ‘hell hound’ didn’t stop barking but did go to the man and dance around his feet.  Baxter ran around for another minute or two before running back to the fenced off area and slipped easily under the fence into the yard.  The other dogs greeted him and eventually the noise settled down.
The look of irritation vanished from the witch’s face.  He stared blankly at Dean for a second and laugh.  “That’s pretty good,” Luke chuckled.  “Oh god, you’re actually serious.”
“Not his choice,” Naomi said.  “I’m the head of the family and that decision is mine.  Though I’ll I know my son, this is something he wants.”
“Bloody wizards,” she said.  Her voice was different now.  Definitely a feminine voice and Dean thought it was the same one as he’d heard earlier.  “No respect for a working girl at all.”
“How is my son?”  The queen looked annoyed.  “My baby boy that you are raising?  Ring a bell little knight?  If he’s come to harm I will very upset.”
Rowena didn’t seem phased by the table/map trick.  Instead of gaping slack-jawed, like he and Dean were, she ran her fingers along the symbols at the edge of the map and whispered the words to activate it.  The map had a few simple lines running across it when not active.  When it was active the lines vanished and were replaced with a scale model of the land.  Most of the map was covered in forest, but the green was broken by rivers, small buildings and some open fields.  A huge mountain range dominated the edge of the map closest to Rowena.
The magic in Rowena’s home didn’t phase Castiel all that much.  He had grown up surrounded by magic.  Quills that wrote down whatever was said to them, tapestries that were also gateways to faraway lands and busts of long dead relatives that would offer advice were all common in his home.  It was easy to forget that not everyone grew up like that.  Dean certainly hadn’t.
Dean sighed and settled back into the bed and quickly drifted off.  His last conscious thought was that Cas had sounded almost pleading when he asked Dean to get better.
“That sounds like a lovely time.”  Gabe led him toward a tent that was still operating and serving food.  Let me buy you a meal before you hit the road and have to eat the stuff out of that horrible sack.”
“I guess,” Dean said softly.  “I don’t really want to marry a princess.  Hoping for better options.”
“She’ll recover,” Rowena said.  “Her arm is mostly a lost cause.  I can save the function, but it’ll always be weaker.  Iron and fairies don't mix all that well.  But it was probably the best way to end the transformation spell.  A clever move Princess."
Dean wasn’t sure if the spirit had made a joke or not.  The offering of ones armour was a serious thing though.  Usually it was passed from parent to child or teacher to student.
Sam stared down into his glass.  “I knew that Cas loved Dean, but I didn’t know that he’d loved him enough to relive his life twice just to be with him.”
The horses were awake and seemed none the worse for their magical nap.  The saddle bags were packed again and they would be ready to go whenever Cas was finished with the spell.  Dean had learned that not all magic was flashy.  Some of it could be downright subtle.  The spell Cas was casting wasn’t of the subtle variety.  Cas had spent a few minutes pacing along a line muttering something under his breath.  When he’d finished that, Dean didn’t know how Cas knew he was done, the man had stepped back and started speaking a tongue twisting speech.  It ended with him clapping his hands together.
“Nope, not at all,” Greg said.  “He had a pretty regular schedule.  He’d take a walk in the woods in the woods if the weather permitted.  Then practice in his studio for a few hours.  He’d meet with his students after lunch and might have some more solo practice after supper.”
The other Dean rolled his eyes before walking over to Dean’s bedside table.  He pulled out a large silver knife.  He rolled his sleeve up and pushed the blade into his skin.  “See?  Not a shifter.”
The wizard in question was curled up and snoring softly.  He was using Dean’s blanket.  The knight had convinced him to use it because Cas refused to take his own blanket back.  In the early morning light Cas slept peacefully and Dean regretted that he was going to have to wake him.  Cas looked comfortable right now and Dean wasn’t looking forward to the grumpy man that would emerge from those blankets.
Dean let out a breath.  “I don’t remember Sammy doing anything like this.  And your mother didn’t mention anything about it either.”
“I would have come sooner if I had known you were waiting for me,” Cas told him.  “I apologize for making you wait Master Craftsman.”
Things changed in the third year of marriage.  Dean was just as happy as he’d ever been.  The land certainly was, the fields looked like they’d produce an even larger harvest than last year.  Cas seemed to be as happy as he was, at least by late morning.
“It has been far too long Lucifer.  We used to talk all the time.”  Asmodeus picked an invisible thread off a coat sleeve.  “What brings you to call on a friend?”
The king of hell smirked.  “Made a wager with a demi-god who was dumb enough to think there was a universe where Feathers and the Squirrel wouldn’t find each other.”
The statues remained where he had left them after he had them carry Dean to Rowena’s cottage.  He thought he had told them to return to their bases on the pillars, but apparently he hadn’t.  They just stood in the middle of the hall.  He chose one at random and walked up to it.  He wasn’t sure if it was the same one that had initially attacked Dean or not.  Or the one that Dean had tried to save him from.
“I’m glad,” Castiel told him.  “We thought they had likely run off and they weren’t killed by a murderous werewolf and his pack of hell hounds.”
“Careful Luke,” Donna told one of the young men.  “I don’t want a repeat of the forge.  Don’t cut corners or you’ll blow us all up.  No, put it on the other side.  The barrels need to be spaced out.”
He wasn’t worried about disturbing Rowena.  He wasn’t even sure the witch actually slept.  She was always bustling around when he woke up and was still puttering around when he retired for the night.  It was just the grumpy wizard he had to worry about.  He really wanted to get moving, being in a sickbed for weeks had grated on him, but he didn’t want to annoy Cas.  Cas had been a point of calm for him throughout this entire experience.  He didn’t want to lose that because he was impatient.
“It’s pretty enough and you’ll probably have a few bruises there too,” she told him.  “The ringing will stop and you’ll be able to walk after that.  For now, lay down here and I’ll get you some tea.”
“Hey.  I’m here.  I’m not leaving you.  I always thought it was creepy when you watched me sleeping.  I think I might get it now.”
“Officially the king, but it was Lady Gilda’s suggestion.  She’s Princess Charlene’s lady in waiting.  The king takes her suggestions seriously.”
Cancer was the words that kept floating through his mind.  Dean wouldn’t discuss it prior, but he admitted afterward he was worried that it was too.  After a few test and a through assessment the doctor helped dispel that fear, but dropped another fear into their laps.  She did not feel it was cancer, but would follow that up if they wanted her to.  She sent them down the hall for an echocardiogram and then discussed the results with them.
With effort he tore his gaze away from the green of Dean’s aura and took a closer look at Garths.  The man’s aura was a bright yellow and just as vibrant as Dean’s.  He also had a dark spot, but only one right near his heart.  The spot was ringed with a deep red..  It was big and suggested some significant trauma had occurred.  Something dark and violent had happened with this man.  Garth’s aura remained yellow over his hands, no darkness and no red.  The violence had happened to him, but he had not perpetrated the act.  Nor had he continued the cycle of violence that so often occurred to those who were hurt.
“Dean, it’s a stasis spell.  It’s meant to buy us enough time to figure out what to do next.”  Luke pushed off from the wall and washed his hands off in the sink.
Dean had fully intended to put tarps down and drive back to the bunker to shower.  The father had nearly pitched a fit over it.  They would use their shower and clean themselves up.  The family had even provided new clothes for them to wear.  Dean wasn’t sure how he did it, but he’d convinced them not to launder their old clothes.  Shifter guts might clog up the washing machine and that probably would’t be covered on warranty.
“I need to do something before we leave this morning.  I think it might help with,” he gestures vaguely out at the field.
In between snores Dean heard the commotion outside.  He sat up and winced as his arm and ribs protested.  It sounded like someone screaming.  He left the cot and poked his head outside the tent.
The sheer volume of the rock man’s outburst caused Dean to take several steps backward and trip.  His teeth clicked together when his ass connected with the ground.  The rock man looked both angry and insulted.  Dean had never thought stone could convey those emotions.
Crowley paused when he took his turn.  Possibly for dramatic purposes, possibly just to enjoy that he was in a room full of hunters that had promised not to shank him.
The dwarf nodded as Dean stepped back through the archway.  The roots shifted around on themselves again and the whole thing sank back into the ground.  When it was gone there was no sign the roots had ever moved.
Dean recognized the man in the hallway; Castiel.  They took English together.  He would have been at the final yesterday.
“I’ll get the horses,” Dean told them.  He started walking toward the doorway that Cas and the horses had disappeared through earlier.  The excitement of the fight was wearing off and he could feel some fatigue setting in.  Accompanying it was some soreness.  He was already starting to feel the effects of being bashed around by a dragon.  Even if it was only a fairy in disguise.  This was going to make for a great story at some point.
The spirit looked confused, and Dean couldn’t blame him.  He was about to find out he was dead and that would be enough to ruin anyone’s day.  The spirt took another step toward Cas.  He raised his sword and pointed it at the wizard.
It hurt Dean to know that this disease was slowly stealing his husband and that he wouldn’t truly get Cas back.  Not really.  Just snippets here and there.
Castiel sighed.  “Oh.  Next week?  I want to tell Helen that her teaching paid off.  The pie was perfect.”
It was on the second day that the attack came.  The tedium of the terrain had lulled him into a half doze.  The shouting of men and thundering charge of horses snapped him out of his doze.  He saw a dozen fully armoured men bearing down on him and Dean.  His horse reared in confusion and terror.  Castiel was almost thrown, but managed to cling to the saddle as his horse turned to charge back the way they’d come.  He was met by the sight of another group of armed men charging toward them.  His eyes widened as the tip of a lance speared him in the chest.  The knight holding it didn’t stop and the lance sunk down to the hand guard.  The horse and rider passed through him and his horse without pause.   He managed to look over his shoulder in time to see the second group of me clash with the first.  The sky darkened and he heard the whistling of arrows begin to fall around him.
He had plans for a garden.  Rowena’s garden has inspired him and he had big plans for the stretch of land on the southern side of the manor.  And the orchard.  The orchard would be a perfect place for some hives.  Bees might help keep some of the fruit from disappearing once it began to ripen.  Though that tactic had never worked on him or his brothers.  They’d always raided the orchards when the fruit came in.
The ride away from the battle to whatever this ruin was had not alleviated his concerns at all.  Dean was clearly more injured than he had initially thought.  He knew that they needed to leave the area, it wasn’t safe to stay, but he didn’t like forcing Dean to move.  The knight had been quiet during the ride.  Castiel looked over constantly to make sure he was still in the saddle.  It almost looked like he was asleep, but he would perk up and look around occasionally.  Sometimes he would mutter something that Castiel couldn’t quite hear.
Over the years Dean had kept a list of all the people he couldn’t save.  He had two lists.  The first was of family and that list was far too long.  The second list had the strangers lost on hunts.  He didn’t always have names for them, but they were on the list.  When he was feeling really low he’d go over the lists so he could promise them he’d do better next time.
Dean gave him a quick kiss on the cheek and pulled a serving cart to the table.  “For you, Cas, anything.”
"You couldn't comprehend the number even if I told you," Billie said.  "I'm pretty sure humanity doesn't even have a name for it.  You could count all the stars in the heavens and not even come close."
“Well, I met her mother a few years back,” Gabe explained while pointedly looking at his nails.  “And reconnected with her daughter a little while ago.  She was the one who told me about the whole suitor thing.  Suggested that if the princess had an advisor that her father might back off a bit and let this whole marriage thing sort itself out.”
Gilda slumped into a chair and took the glass of water Charlie handed her.  “I was right, Mother didn’t take Jack.  He’s also not in the Lands.  Kevin and I think he’s in this world.”
“Look boy,” Bobby said in the gruff way he spoke.  “Men die.  It’s the way of the world.  Sometimes it’s disease or age or accident that kills a man.  Sometimes it’s because you stuck a knife in him.  Men have lots of reasons to kill each other.  I’ve seen men killed over gold, women, honour, faith or even just because they were told to kill.  Lots of reasons, not all of them good.”  Bobby pointed to the body of the man killed.  “That man?  Had you not been here would have killed more of the people that are yours to protect.  Being a knight isn’t about riding around on a fancy horse in a shiny shirt.  It’s about protection and duty.  You protect those people because they need it.  You help those who can’t and you damn well try to make this world better than it is.”
Despite his desire to be quiet, Dean almost cried out in surprise.  Cas was sitting outside on the bench.  The sun had barely risen, but the wizard was upright and dressed.  Not only that he was finishing saddling Baby.
Dean had been trained on the rules of combat.  The etiquette of duels.  How to be honourable with an opponent.  He quickly decided that wasn’t happening here.
He ran his hand through his short hair and pulled his cup back toward him again.  Maybe he would be able to figure something out in the morning.
Family was a bigger term than just blood for Dean.  Sammy was family.  He’d die for his brother.  He’d done it already, even gone to Hell for the kid.  And would again if he had to.  But Dean had added other people into the family category over the years.  None of them blood.  Bobby had been more of a father than John had.  Jody alternated between the role of big sister and mother.  Claire, Charlie, Benny and Donna all fell into the family category too.  And Cas.  Cas certainly belonged in the family category.
“Are you out of your mind?” Castiel demanded.  “I cannot go on a quest.  Wizards don’t go questing.  Mother will be furious.”
“I’ll be careful,” Dean promised.  “She might get me with poison in her stuffing though.  She knows I can’t say no to that.”
Cas smiled.  “I want to.”  He pulled Dean into a hug.  “And it’s not just for you.  Those men deserve rest.  Even if they were monsters in life, no one deserves this.”  He hugged Dean tighter for a moment and let go.
A few minutes of searching around the dock turned up a small skiff.  It was too small to hold Dean, but would fit his armour.  He thought he could push it ahead of him as he swam.  He suspected the current picked up toward the middle of the river, but he was a strong swimmer now.  His tumble into the pond taught him the merits of knowing how to swim.
“Dragon?”  Missouri asked.  “What dragon?”  She glanced between the two for a moment before opening the bag with the stones and removing two.  She looked at them and pulled a third.
“Kay, the spell will last that long at least.”  Luke was quite for a moment, but the gibberish he’d been muttering before didn’t pick up again.  “I already owe you guys a lot, but is there coffee there?”
“Probably not.  It’s possible she just ran off with the other kid.”  Dean shrugged.  “But if it really is a werewolf I can’t leave it to roam the countryside.  Besides, it seems to be on our way."
John had taught him a great deal about hunting.  How to track, how to research and who to trust.  In John’s mind humans weren’t always to be trusted, but you always trusted a human over a monster.  To John, anything that wasn’t completely human was a monster.  He would not have approved of Dean’s associations with a vampire.  He definitely wouldn’t have liked the fact Dean was on speaking terms with the literal King of Hell.  And he probably wouldn’t have approved of Cas either.  Angel’s weren’t human.  You could use a monster for a fight, but you never let them get close to you.  You never liked them.  You never loved them.
Michael smiled and shook his head.  “What we are trying to say is that we welcoming you to the family Dean.  And with that comes a very friendly piece of advice.”  He clapped Dean on the back and leaned in.  “If you hurt Castiel in any way we will find you.  And you will not find it a pleasant time.”
It was probably an hour later that Lucifer stopped his examinations and walked back over to where Dean and Cas were standing.
Standing over him was a woman in a dishevelled dress that may have at one point been a white or cream coloured.  Now it was closer to a dusty grey.  The gown was dirty and frayed, but obviously of good make.  Her red hair was tangled and fell about her face and shoulders.  She looked tired and dirty.
Two days after it went in Luke removed the tube.  Dean prowled around for hours with the fear that Cas was going to give a repeat performance of his lung collapse.  Nothing happened though and eventually Luke kicked him out to go pace somewhere else.
“Michael came because I asked him too.  I need to speak with Castiel and didn’t want him running off before I was done.”
Gilda snickered.  She had taken Dean’s cloak and wrapped herself in it.  She claimed her injuries didn’t bother her, but she didn’t want to upset the villagers.  Dean wasn’t entirely sure that she had accepted the likely permanent damage that she’d sustained.
Dean only knew stories about fairies.  The ones he’d been told in childhood had always made the fairies seem fun and pleasant, but mischievous.  The ones he’d heard when he was older painted a darker picture.  He didn’t want to meet an angry fairy.  He also didn’t want to deal with an angry witch.
Castiel felt another tremor, but not nearly as strong as the first one.  A moment later he heard the dragon snort and than a loud shriek.  He was glad he still had his hands on his horse’s reins.  The animal bucked and was close to panicking.  He didn’t even bother trying to calm the animal down with words and instead put both horses to sleep.  They couldn’t get into too much trouble if they were asleep.  He would wake them when they were done with the dragon.
Cas’ blush deepened to more of a scarlet colour.  “Yes,” he finally said.  “Raphael noticed the books and eventually I was found out.  I’m not sure what was worse.  Mother’s lecture about theft and how I should have just gone to her about these questions, Raphael’s lecture about human anatomy or my aunt Amara’s laughter.  For the next few years my aunt and Gabe gave me anatomy books as gifts.  My aunt’s were always on how to draw the naked form.  Gabe’s were just naked pictures.”
The crowd around him was panicking and racing in all directions.  Dean looked around and decided that the best view would probably be from the melee field.  He ran in that direction and did his best to avoid people.  Several of the tents were burning and when he approached the edge of the field he could see the tattered remains of the stands.  The royal box was damaged and also burning.  A scream and a flash of red caught his attention.
After two weeks he knew he needed to see his mother.  He had been putting it off, but there was only so long that he could ignore it.  If he waited much longer she would come to him.  And that would not be a good thing.  He had no doubt she knew where he was, at least roughly.  She always seemed to know where her children were.
“Simon was my friend.  Great guy.  Bit nutty about his music, but he was an artist.” He smiled wistfully.  “I think all artists have to be a bit nutty.  Damn, I’m going to miss that man.”
Dean’s dad had also taught him about family loyalty.  In John’s mind that had meant himself, his sons and his wife.  Over the years Dean had realized that what John meant, even though he probably didn’t know it, was for Dean to be loyal to his brother, his father and his father’s all-consuming desire for revenge for the loss of his wife.  Dean loved his father, but deep down knew the man had been a shitty dad after Mary had died.  He couldn’t see anything but the pain his grief left for him.  He’d abandoned his sons for his own crusade.
Dean leaned in and kissed Castiel.  “I’d rather have weird son that’s ours than a normal one any day.  At least he was polite.”
Both of them dismounted and Rufus crouched to go into the cave.  Dean let him go first, both of them wouldn’t be able to fit inside and Rufus was more likely to see something that Dean wouldn’t.  He would only get in the way.
The statue swung its blade down to strike Dean.  The knight brought his sword up to block.  The two blades met for a moment before Dean’s shattered.  The statue knocked Dean to the ground as his sword fell around him.  It went to swing its blade again.
Gabe had done the introductions and had exaggerated his magical talents.  When he tried to correct his brother the man had waved him off and explained to the princess and her lady that he was merely being shy.  Castiel had the distinct feeling that the princess had seen through Gabe’s lies and didn’t care one way or the other.
Cas for some water when the wizard slid his arm around Dean’s back.  It felt nice.  Brought that warm and safe feeling back.  He bet the man gave great hugs.  When this was done he should hug Cas.  He should probably ask first.  It might go over better if he did.  It was like kissing, you shouldn’t just steal one.  If you misread signals people got upset.  He should ask Cas if he could kiss him. Maybe after the hug.  Cas was looking at him funny.  Did he say that out loud?
With his back to the kelpie Dean pulled his knife.  It was an old tool, given to him by his parents when he was only six years old.  He’d promptly cut himself on it and learned never to do that again.  It was well cared for, but had seen better days.  It was perfect for his plan.
“Not yet,” Castiel said.  He hadn’t figured out how to corner Gabe about it.  “I plan to do that later.  I have no idea what he was thinking.  Things worked out in the end, sort of, but so much could have gone wrong.  We could have killed Gilda.  Charlie could have been eaten by Gilda.”
Lucifer chuckled.  “I already had that chat with him.  Though I think our brothers are doing their own version right now.”  He drank some of his wine before continuing.  “But no, I don’t think I really need to.  Probably didn’t when I first spoke to him.  I don’t believe he’ll hurt you Castiel.  Not because of any threats from your family.  At trust me, we could be very creative if we wanted to.  No.  I think that Dean won’t hurt you because you are you.  He’d sooner cut his own arm off I think.  Which is for the best.  I think one of us would remove it for him if he didn’t.”
Dean noticed his hesitation.  “I have some cheese if you’d prefer that, but none of it is really fancy stuff.  I wasn’t able to find much to buy”
“Seriously Dean, I need to sit down.” Sam’s knees gave out and he slumped to the ground.  “I can’t believe that worked.”
He felt at peace.  Zachariah was dead.  His family was safe.  He wouldn’t see them again, he knew it, but they were safe.
The running water was coming from a pedestal at the end of the hall.  A delicate crystal cup sat in the centre.  Maybe the cup was magic.  It could hold lots of water then.  Maybe even enough to quench his thirst.
She led them to that back end of the garden to where Ellen was standing.  Dean recognized the woman that had run the kitchens for years. She waved them over and pointed toward the body behind the some bushes.
The crow cocked its head to one side and blinked at the knight.  She looked up at Jack and then back at the knight.  She cawed once and picked it up in her beak before flying away.
Lilith huffed.  “Do not mistake me.  I am happy that we got Jack back safely.  But I did not empty the Fields of the Damned for you or even for him.  I did it for Lucifer.  I love him and will always put him ahead of everyone, even myself.”
The gate to his world lay tantalizingly close.  He could sense it just above his head.  He needed to get back through it before it closed.  He knew some spells that would be useful in this situation, but he needed air to cast them.  He could fight these weeds and whatever else lurked down here.  He just needed to get to the surface first.
“What can we do about it?”  Castiel was surprised at his voice and how calm it was.  He was screaming inside, but his voice was steady.
Dean sighed.  “Quests have to be given by lords and ladies or bishops or the like.  I can’t accept a quest from anyone in a fancy cloak.  Now would you leave me alone?”
He’d helped his brother upstairs to his bedroom and sent some food up to him.  Dean had put his sword away and then gone back to check up on Sam.  He was glad to see that his brother had eaten everything and was laying down for a nap.  Sam had been incredibly brave earlier.  Stupid, but brave.
“I will come to you in time.  It will not be today.  Or tomorrow.  Perhaps next season or the one after that.  You will raise my son as if he were your own.”  She laughed as a cold wind blew through the open door.  “Raise him well knight.  I will be most displeased if you fail.”
Raphael pushed the thoughts of his nephew’s certainty from his mind.  Castiel was going to survive this surgery.  He knew he was up to the task.  With time Castiel’s shoulder would heal properly.  He washed the wound with an elixir of his own creation that would slow the bleeding from the area.  Raphael could see bone and, more importantly, the silvery shine of the metal fragment he was looking for.  He fished it out and dropped it into the bowl next to him.  The tip of the spear had broken off in his brother’s scapula.  The spear was twisted to tear at the flesh it stabbed through, but the metal seemed to be laced with poison that encouraged bleeding.
The queen looked out onto the balcony.  “Interesting.”  She was quiet for an almost painful length of time.
The dragon lashed out with its claws again and Dean blocked with his shield.  His arm went numb for a moment from the impact, but the feeling returned a moment later.  He had been worried the shield wouldn’t hold up, but so far it had been doing a fantastic job.  He was still taking a beating, but he was just going to be bruised, rather than shredded.
Naomi had taken several deep breaths after being told the news.  “We’ll talk about your delay in communication later Castiel.  Get your brothers here and I’ll start scrying in the mean time.  If I can’t find Jack directly maybe I can find this Lord Bender.”
“Demons aren’t natural,” Michael told them.  The wizard muttered something and touched both of their necks.
Before they had that talk though Castiel needed to apologize.  He had good reason to be moody and quiet, but that didn’t excuse how he’d treated Dean the night before.  The man had saved him from death more than once and he deserved an apology and an explanation.  Especially since he was going to remain moody until he sorted out this whole grand wizard thing.
He decided to at least try to be a good patient.  It wasn’t easy and he hated it, but he did try.  By listening and paying attention to them he learned a fair bit about his caregivers.
The king stood as the woman approached.  He bowed deeply.  “Your majesty.  If I’d known you were coming I’d have prepared a proper welcome.”
“I’d say relax, but I know I wouldn’t in your position.”  Michael clapped him on the shoulder as he stepped around him.  The warmage looked down the hill toward the castle.  The high wall of bramble weed blocked most of their view, but it was possible to see over it and catch a glimpse of the castle.   “Are you ready brother?”
Dean looked up to see a man in a tan coat.  There was a familial resemblance to the wizard, mostly in the face.  The newcomer’s hair was messy, which was unlike the wizard’s neatly styled hair.  And his eyes were a piercing blue.  Dean found himself thinking of the sky on a clear winter’s day.  He shook his head to clear it and wondered if this man might also be a wizard.
“The nurse was sitting him at the side of the bed and he developed right sided weakness.  We’ve taken him for a CT scan already.  The official report is pending, but he’s showing signs of a stroke.”
He really didn’t want Dean to ask those questions because he wasn’t sure how to explain how he had cast a spell advanced enough to open a portal to a place hundreds of miles away.  Not just to Dean, but to himself.  He knew the theory of the spell, but had never been able to cast it.  He had taken another step toward manifesting his staff and becoming a grand wizard and he’d never wanted to do that.  He wasn’t sure how to explain, even to himself, how he had tossed aside his dislike for that future life because Dean had needed him.
“Dean, it’s probably not in the woods anymore,” Sam told him.  “My bet is it’s in the music studio, or at least it was.  The only people affected so far were Simon and his students.  Simon probably found the key and brought him back with him.  Go to the studio.  I’ll meet you there.”  Dean hung up and pulled out of the little parking area next to the woods.  He was pretty sure that Simon had taken a footpath here for his walks, but he didn’t know where it was and didn’t want to waste time looking for it.  The studio was less than a ten-minute drive away.
There were very few days that Castiel didn’t like his job.  Today wasn’t one of those days.  The sun was shining, the wind was blowing softly through the trees and the forest smelled heavenly.  Castiel loved days like this.  It made the hard work of being a forest ranger all the more worth it.  Though, if he was going to be honest, he wouldn’t change it even on the really bad days.
“We used to.  But when mother died father turned to drink.  And then stopped paying attention to everything else.”  He advanced the pawn.  Just two more squares.  “The king was willing to keep the vultures at bay because father had been a staunch ally for years.  His son though?  His son didn’t care and the vultures swooped in and just started picking off pieces of our land.  Now the only thing left is the ancestral home and a few fields.  Barely enough to keep the taxes paid.”
Dean pulled the sword and held it up in the fading light.  “I don’t know.  I’m open to suggestions if you have any.”
“Prolonged exposure can have all manner of random effects on humans.  It’s hard to pin down exactly.  Could do damage to his memory, change his appearance or any number of other things.”  Gilda shrugged.  “I can’t be more specific than that.  I can get you through quickly though.”
“I want you to make the pictures come alive,” Jack told him.  “I tell the story and you can show her.”
As they chatted the road began to curve north.  It kept that way for a half mile before splitting.  The road continued north, but there was a well worn path that headed westward.
While Gilda snickered, Charlie openly scoffed.  “It’s a wedding.  Haven’t you boys ever seen one before?”
This is not what Castiel’s dough looked like.  It was a ball like everyone else’s.  It was also hard as a rock.  He frowned down at it.  This isn’t what the recipe or the teacher promised.  It was, at least, not explosive.
“She said that we wouldn’t be happy when we found out about the dragon.  And she was right.  Have you talked to your brother about it yet?”
Before he knew what he was doing, Dean was crushing Cas into a hug.  The angel was awkward for a moment before relaxing into the embrace.  A minute stretched into two which stretched into three.  Neither of them said anything.
Rowena walked to the door and called out for Cas to come in.  Dean didn’t want to have Cas see him like this.  Not crumpled on the floor with his bare ass hanging out.  But Cas got to see it.  He was too tired to even hide under the sheets.
Dean shook his head and tried to ignore the next few acorns and screams from the branches above.  The squirrel had surprising aim and pelted them both for almost
The dragon coiled itself back for an instant before pouncing forward.  It brought its claws down and they stopped an few inches from Dean.  The dragon grunted in surprise.  It raised one of its clawed hands and smashed it down again.  There was a ripple of blue light in the air and the claws stopped just short again.
Inaction was not something Dean took to naturally.  Even when forced upon him he would try to resist it.  He wasn’t opposed to down time, or taking the time to plan something properly.  He knew the value of being prepared.  Just sitting around drove him crazy.  Or laying around really.  He was stuck in this bed until Raphael or Rowena decided that he could get out.  The worst part for Dean was that he understood it.  He didn’t like it at all, but he understood it.
That aside, I hope you guys are enjoying the story.  It's been fun writing it.  I find it a bit weird that I've basically had two points in the story in my mind and now I'm just desperately trying to connect those two moments.
He tried to be quiet, but carrying a sack full of armour isn’t something you can do quietly.  It wasn’t quite a crash when he set the bag down, but there was a loud clanking.  He winced and looked over at Cas.  Cas’ eyes were open and looking back.  Dean thought he saw a small smirk.
“If I have to I will,” Castiel promised.  He didn’t want to bring Lucifer into this if he didn’t have to.
The fog shifted and he saw a white coat of arms.  He couldn’t’ see any patterns to tell who was wearing it, or whose colours they were.  The first rank broke free of the fog.  There was no battle song, only Lilith’s deep tone.  There was barely the sound of marching.
They had just passed the edge of the village when a man darted out from the last hut and ran up to them.  Dean guessed he was in his late forties, but dirt and hard living made it hard to tell for sure.
“I’m too far away to get there in time.  You need a healer near by.  Any healer.  Contact me again when you find one.  I’ll talk them through the medicine and you through the magic.  If you get him to the healer fast enough we might be able to save him.  You have a little time.  At least until the wounds start turning green.  He’s going to start to hallucinate soon too.”
She slipped back through the door and Dean was glad she took the bowl with its awful smelling contents with her.  His stomach had settled some now that he wasn’t trying to move, but whatever was in that bowl was not helping it stay settled.
“Me too,” Dean said.  “I know we didn’t know what was going on, but I still feel bad about hurting her.  I really did a number on her.”
“Your man will be fine,” she explained.  “Though, he might be a bit twitchy after this.  I came as soon as I heard my daughter was returned home.  Mine too.”
He was out there though.  Castiel could feel Dean off in the distance.  He wasn’t sure how far Dean was, but he would get there.
“That would be nice, but I should tell her about everything first.  Gabe has probably already blabbed about me being a grand wizard now and she’ll want to talk about that.  I don’t want to subject you to that.”
“I was not wasting time,” Cas protested.  “I was saving your life.  That werewolf almost ripped your arm off.  If I had not taken the time to heal you you would be dead right now.”
The light of the forges gave the ring a reddish glow as Dean turned it over.  The flakes of gemstones seemed to fade at the same time.  Dean blinked.  It wasn’t a trick of the light.  The ring actually was turning red.  The band lightened to a deep pink and the flakes of gemstone had faded away entirely.  A tiny spot of pure light appeared at the bottom of the ring and moved quickly across the band to disappear at the top.  The pink faded away and Dean was holding a band of pure blue in his hands.
Castiel pretended not to hear him.  “This is a bad idea Gabe.  I’ve never been on a quest and I don’t want to start now.”
“And we have a guest,” he growled under his breath.  “Welcome to the Winchester’s home.  Will you be staying for dinner?”
Dean swallowed thickly.  This wasn’t where he thought the conversation was going to go.  “That’s good to know.”
Dean sent back a shrugging emoji and turned his phone off.  He didn’t need the distraction.  Cas was going to be home soon and dinner wasn’t quite ready.  He wanted to shower too.  Before he did that he just needed to get rid of Sam.
About a half mile after they had left the squirrel’s territory another acorn smacked Dean’s chest with a dull *bonk*.  He glanced up and saw a red squirrel reading another acorn to throw.  He looked surprised at Castiel.
