“Sherlock, I need to be honest with you.” His eyelids flicker open. “I thought I’d forgiven you for leaving. I thought that everything was behind us and we could go back to normal. But there is no normal for us, is there?” The corners of his mouth tug into a tired smile.
He's so occupied by the strange sensation in his throat, that he doesn't notice the stranger approach until they're standing behind him. He feels them lean forward to whisper in his ear, so close that their lips almost brush the cartilage of his pinna.
"What are you so happy about?" John asks as they exit the building. Sherlock steers them towards the main road, waving down a cab as they walk.
Sherlock’s eyes are closed, but his breaths are shallow enough to indicate that he’s not asleep. John searches his face, looking for answers in the creases of his skin. What was it about him that made John so willing to hand his life over? What was it that did what years of dodging bullets and navigating minefields had failed to achieve; feeling absolute trust to hand his life over for someone to use as they saw fit?
Of course he’s making sense. Sherlock already helped me realise that I don’t settle for normal, as much as I wish I could. It was a delusion to think that I could try to forget- that everything could be swept under the rug and I could start again with an ordinary person in an ordinary life. It’s time to accept that I will never have that. I could never cope with it. However, right now, I don’t want it to be true. I don’t want to keep falling in love with people who eventually hurt me.
John is glad for the lack of small-talk. Most days, it's a skill he's perfected, but over the last few months, the superficiality of it has irritated him. No one really cares about what's beyond the layers of 'How are you?' and 'I'm doing fine'. He has to plaster a smile on his face and act cheery to be here, when in reality he's anything but. Faced with the mundanity of civilian life and the prospect of leaving his beloved home, John has found himself slipping further and further into the grips of depression. Combined with the PTSD fuelled nightmares, there are days when he cannot sleep, yet finds it impossible to function long enough to get out of bed. When they ask how he is, no-one wants to hear about those days, but they are the most frequent.
"I didn't kill him." Sherlock's voice is a gentle rumble in the darkness, and John can't help but feel reassured by it, even knowing he shouldn't.
"Maybe you were wrong. Lots of people have Blaze; it's hardly a solid connection." John barely glances up from his book.
There are four different articles on chemicals and their forensic uses: two about poisons, one on perfume, and one on household cleaning fluid. A special interest in chemistry, perhaps. There are articles about the human body and corpse decay — but these are far fewer. Sherlock clearly has no qualms about maintaining human dignity and judging by the language he's used, John would say Sherlock has conducted experiments on the bodies himself. Clearly not squeamish then, or with any particularly strong moral code. Where would he get the body parts? John gets stuck on that question for ages. Nowhere in the articles does it say what lab Sherlock uses, or whether he is affiliated with a particular hospital. John is about to call it a day when he discovers the comments section. He scrolls through — they are mostly people commenting on his scientific process or commending him on his findings — but there, a few pages down:
John had felt the bullet pierce his shoulder and lodge itself in his infraspinatus muscle. His body had screamed at the intrusion, immediately trying to push against the invader. He knew the theory of bullet wounds, and could describe in detail how to treat such an injury, but at the moment when metal bruised flesh, all of it left his mind. He remembers being stunned; confused as to what had hit him. Adrenaline surged in his blood, but it wasn't enough to eliminate the pain. Counter-intuitively, he'd wanted to run — forget the mission and get himself out of there as soon as possible. There had been a split second of pure blinding panic before his training had kicked in. He'd sunk down onto his belly, lying for what felt like hours, waiting for someone to retrieve him. All the while pockets of sand and dirt billowed from the ground next to him; violent promises of death. At some point, he passed out, and the next thing he remembers is being in the medic tent, a scream dripping from his lips.
“Here, I brought you some things.” She hands over a bag of clothes, mostly Sherlock’s, with his laptop shoved in on top. “There are some toiletries at the bottom, I don’t suppose you’ve managed to shower in a few days.”
“Well, it’s a step up from Sheel. It’s hardly my fault your name is hard to say.” John ran a hand through his hair: “She could always call you something else.”
“I’m so sorry. I didn’t know this would happen.” Sherlock walks slowly across the room, dragging a chair next to the bed.
They order, and John leans back in his chair, waving away the wine bottle when the waiter tries to pour him a glass. He's had enough alcohol for the day. Besides, he wants to remember this.
"Like this," John steps forward and wraps his hands around Sherlock's waist, his heart threatening to break out of his chest. There's a pause where they make eye contact, a silent affirmation passing between them, before John's gaze drops to the detective's mouth, and he reaches forward to close the gap.
Finally, I start to accept what I’ve probably known for some time. Mary doesn’t love me. Perhaps she thinks she does, or perhaps she’s known all along that she doesn’t. Either way, Mary is playing a wicked game with me. Every action is planned to manipulate me into living out her fantasy. This time, I won’t let her win. She hasn’t met all of John Watson. Mary severely underestimates me if she thinks this is enough to keep me controlled. And she is clearly oblivious to the fact that she shot the only person I have ever loved more than her. Sherlock glances at me, and he knows. Of course, he sees it too.
"Hi." He replies, looking around the room for the second voice as his vision comes into focus. Lestrade is sat in the chair next to Sherlock, looking considerably better dressed but echoing the exhaustion in Sherlock's face.
I must have fallen asleep at some point because before I know it I’m opening my eyes to the bright light of morning, my phone discarded in the sheets next to me. The call is still running. Five hours — shit. That’s going to cost me a fortune. I rub the sleep from my eyes and say his name into the microphone, wondering if he’s been listening this whole time. No-one replies, but I can make out the sounds of shallow breaths. He must be asleep.
“Nine!” Dress shoes, nice shirt, new trousers; making an effort for tonight, in his own way. Hair styled back, new, but stylish—trying to impress someone? Who is here to impress? Mycroft, Lestrade, Mrs Hudson, Molly; the only person he hadn’t met already was Molly’s new boyfriend, and Sherlock is sure John isn’t making an effort for him.
John is lying on a bed in the centre of the room, covered in tubes and wires; barely a clear patch of skin showing. An ECG beeps consistently in the corner.
"You're a doctor. You've seen plenty of death — your insight on the case would be invaluable to me."
A wave of drowsiness hits him, the thick burning of bile creeping up his throat. He blinks, trying to swallow it down, but the edges of his vision blur as the burning gets stronger. His head starts to spin, nausea rolling through his skull.
I’m sat at the far end of the corridor, blanketed in darkness. I’ve turned my collar up and ruffled my hair, trying to add to the illusion that it’s Sherlock sat here and not me. I can hear their phone call through an earpiece; the way they show off to each other as if this is a perfectly normal thing to be doing. Perhaps it is, for her.
"You should see his kitchen." John quips. Sherlock shoots him a half-hearted glare, and John raises an eyebrow in defence.
“Think about it, you don’t actively seek activities that would give you an adrenaline rush. You don’t do extreme sports, most of your life is very ordinary, except for when someone else needs you. Then you step up, you put yourself in situations that you wouldn’t normally dream of. It’s why you joined the army, and it’s why you stayed with me.”
Sherlock smirks and reaches into his coat, pulling out a sleek black phone. He unlocks it and scrolls for a second before turning the screen to show John. John blinks a few times at the brightness, and when his vision comes back into focus, he sees the photo of a body, pale and blue, laid out on a steel mortuary bench. As bodies go, it looks perfectly normal, except for the large symbol carved into his chest.
Even in his drugged state, John lets out a cry, stars popping behind his eyes. The dark fingers of unconsciousness creep into his vision, but he tries to push them away, desperate to cling to his life for as long as possible.
When the letter arrives, John is not surprised. A small part of him had been expecting it, the screaming eviction notice that drops through his letterbox on Monday morning. He still can't find another job, and the hours at the surgery are not enough to pay his rent. It doesn't help that his efforts have been severely muted by all the time spent with the world's only consulting detective. It almost seems unfair to be paying full rent for somewhere he spends so little time these days. Still, he has another month to find the cash before he has to move out of the city for good. Harry has offered him a room at her house in Chelmsford, but he dreads moving back to the town he worked his entire life to get away from, and the sister he loves but can't spend too much time around. The only upside is that he will be closer to his mother's grave; he's felt bad not visiting for so long.
And then there was Sherlock. Sherlock who had cured his limp with dinner and the promise of danger— Sherlock who drove him round the bend one moment then had him in stitches the next— the man who shot walls when he was bored and didn’t know the earth revolved around the sun. John could feel himself steadily falling. In the beginning, Sherlock had made it pretty clear that he wasn’t interested in pursuing a relationship, and John knew he needed to be careful if he didn’t want to face the rejection again. It wasn’t easy when Sherlock was the only person to whom he gave his life so freely. He hoped, somewhat selfishly, that Sherlock would have changed his mind. That three months living with John would have driven Sherlock out of his self imposed celibacy and into the arms of the doctor. John thought about it, sometimes. Late at night, he’d allow himself to imagine what could happen if Sherlock did change his mind— if they could fall into the easiness of something that resembled a relationship. Those nights, he let his mind roam wild, but come morning, he guarded himself with an extra layer of cautiousness.
His breath catches in his throat, panic steadily building in his chest. He stands frozen, unable to consider the possibility fully. Had he lost everything before he'd really begun?
"Yeah sure, I'll just finish my drink," John replies. He drains the last swigs from the bottle and stands to leave, grabbing his jacket from the chair. John is led through the glass doors, and he feels the gaze of the white shirt follow them as they leave.
He opens his eyes again to find Sherlock watching him. The detective's face is weary, dark circles under his eyes and his hair dishevelled. His eyes, however, are bright, studying John as he slowly absorbs all of the information around him. Sherlock doesn't rush him; he just watches as John slowly comes back into himself. Finally, when John feels himself become grounded, more confident that this is real, he clears his throat and tries to speak.
Sherlock pockets the phone, and for a minute the pair stand regarding each other, daring the other to make the next move.
"Hello." It's all he can manage, the words scratching at his throat. Sherlock smiles, his face brightening but not quite reaching the melancholy in his eyes.
The room looks much the same; the purple-tinted lighting creates strange shadows on the walls, and bodies are still clustered in each corner of the room. Something, however, feels different; oddly comforting. Perhaps it’s John that’s different. He can vividly remember sitting here, months ago, and panicking whenever he made eye contact with anyone. Now, he scans the room comfortably, and whilst he knows that this scene is not something he wants to do regularly, he feels assured knowing that it exists. That there is a slice of London made just for him.
John feels his shoulders relax, and he stretches out a little on the mattress, sliding a hand underneath his head. He can’t say he was expecting it, but having Sherlock so close to him is a relief. A silent reassurance that he is not alone in being haunted by that lilting Irish accent.
I want to reassure him that he’s not alone in wanting me home. I swirl the words around in my mouth, trying to pluck up the courage to take a step forward, to lead with honesty and perhaps fully acknowledge us, as an entity.
The train home is quiet, so I manage to get a table seat. I pull out my laptop, editing the latest case write up, ready to post on the blog. The feeling of completeness from Harry’s is still there. Acknowledging that I want this, I want him, seems to have given me a self-assuredness that hadn’t been there before. Perhaps it’s time to do something — to bridge that gap and ask for more.
The stranger stops in his tracks, his coat fluttering with the motion. His eyes dart back and forth over John's body, seemingly taking in every detail. John pulls his shoulders in, suddenly feeling very exposed.
“I almost got off at the wrong station, but I got there in the end.” They share a knowing smile, before Sherlock holds his glass out.
Sherlock yawned as he entered the kitchen, shuffling over to where John stood, waiting for the toaster.
"Uh, sure." That hadn't been the response he was expecting. He had been bracing himself for a barrage of questions — accountability for Sherlock's mood. Not beer.
"Not as far as I can tell. Only Murphy's symbol matches up with the month he was killed, and the symbols don't match with their birthdays or the date the blood was donated."
His queries are answered by the feeling of Sherlock leaning sideways to rest his head on the top of John's thigh, closing his eyes again. John absent-mindedly lets his hands run through the mess of curls, massaging small circles into his skull.
"Got any further?" John walks over to the coffee table, considers whether it will take both their weights, before sitting on the floor by Sherlock's feet. Immediately the detective's hands wind into his hair, tracing small circles over his skull.
Sherlock leads him down various twisting back alleys and hidden pathways until they reach a small restaurant, tucked just off of Oxford street. The light from inside bathes the pavement golden yellow, looking for all intents and purposes as if it's been plucked from the front of a Christmas card — minus the snow. A bell jingles as they enter and a wall of warmth envelopes them as they cross the threshold. Without bothering to wait for a staff member, Sherlock leads John to a table by the window.
But something changed that night at the pool. They had turned to each other, and in a single nod, John handed his life over to Sherlock. John had trusted him so completely, and it made the detective uneasy. Where before he would not have thought twice about pulling that trigger and bringing the building to its knees, now Sherlock hesitated. He waited for Moriarty to show his hand. He let him get away.
John lifted his head and locked eyes with Sherlock. "Hi...How do you feel?" he asked quietly, keeping his hands in his lap.
a female version of Sherlock. Because even if you look similar, and even if you're clever, Sherlock has a good heart. He would never have done something like this." Shaking his head, John sprinted inside, calling out for Sherlock to try to get him to stop.
Sherlock pushed in with a groan and paused once he was fully sheathed inside his lover. He pressed soft kisses to the side of John's face and then started moving his hips slowly.
... so am I," Sherlock moaned out as John's fingers pushed against his prostate. He groaned and rocked his hips harder, starting to vibrate his fingers against his lover's prostate. "Oh... Ohhh, John!" He cried out and his hips started jerking sporadically through his release, spilling across both of their abdomens.
John could only make loud cries as his entire body was rocked by Sherlock's movements. Somehow he managed to get one shaking hand down to wrap around his own cock and stroke sporadically. He couldn't think, could barely breathe, he was so wrapped up in the feeling of Sherlock deep inside of him. He couldn't even warn Sherlock when he was getting closer, though his sounds became louder and more desperate.
Sherlock leaned his head back and closed his eyes, "at one point mum wanted to have a bed and breakfast, but dad doesn't like the idea of having complete strangers in the house." He scooted closer to John and put his arm on the back of the bench behind the other boy.
John kept his mouth still, reaching one hand up towards Sherlock's mouth. He looked up at the other boy through his lashes, putting a finger on his lips to tell him to be quiet. He let a little smirk show around his lover's cock.
He leaned forward once he was finished and pressed a firm kiss to his fiancé's lips. "Now cheer up or I'll be forced to tickle you relentlessly." Sherlock smiled and poked John's nose.
close to you in wealth." His next words just came out in a rush. "I live in a tiny flat and my father works two jobs and I can barely afford petrol for my bike most days." He looked up at Sherlock, worried that he would tell him to leave, that he couldn't be associated with someone who was poor.
Sherlock watched as John walked over to the witness stand and kept his gaze on him as he stood in the witness box. The usher walked up to John with a bible in his hand, "do you wish to take an oath or make an affirmation that your evidence is true?" he asked.
John couldn't hold back anymore as he felt Sherlock clenching around him. He let out a cry of his lover's name and spilled out, staying buried deep inside of him. His vision whited out and he couldn't even hear any of the noises they were making as he rode out his orgasm. It was one of the most powerful he'd had yet.
Sherlock focused on the most tense areas and leaned forward to kiss the wet skin as he worked. "I can't get over how sexy you look when you're soaking wet," he murmured.
. John bit his lip against a groan bubbling in his chest as he watched Sherlock finger himself, and his cock gave an aching throb.
John moaned softly and nodded. "Fuck, yes...You have me wrapped around your finger," he breathed. He pressed his hips in closer to Sherlock's, moving his hand away and then grabbing both their erections, stroking them together. "But why imagine when I can have the real thing?"
John's anger flared as he remembered the words. "He said, 'Freak'- meaning Sherlock- 'thinks he's better than us and we're teaching him a lesson.' Then he punched Sherlock in the face."
, he cursed himself and walked with John to his car. He shot a quick text to his brother Mycroft to let him know he was bringing a friend home for dinner and to try not to run him off with his bluntness. As they approached the lot, Sherlock spoke again, side by side with John, "So, what brought you to London?" he asked, wanting to learn as much as he could about the other boy.
"Mm," John hummed. "Very well." He smiled and tucked Sherlock's head under his chin, tangling their legs, wanting to stay as close together as they could.
Sherlock cried out and threw his head back to give John more access to the skin of his neck. He moaned and clutched at the other boy's back, pushing himself further onto his fingers. "John...
John followed Sherlock, glad the school day was finally over. He didn't expect Mary Morstan to be standing in their way, and definitely not asking to speak with him. They'd shared all of two words since he'd transferred there. He wondered what might be going on. Glancing at Sherlock and shrugging, he decided there was no harm in seeing what she wanted. So he let go of his hand with a smile and followed her around a corner. "What is it?"
John was busily sucking a mark onto Sherlock when he felt the grip on his backside. He jumped and pulled away to look up at his boyfriend. "You little brat." He sat up and rolled off of Sherlock, poking his tongue out at him.
... I want you so much." He pulled away long enough to grab the bottle of lube from his bedside table and quickly returned to his lover, giving him a firm kiss.
... that was..." Sherlock couldn't even describe it, there were no words and he just sighed happily, leaning back and resting his head on his fiancé's shoulder.
Sherlock laughed, "I can't help it... you're just that irresistible." He smiled and opened the other car door, joining John in the back seat. He instructed Mycroft to take the other boy home and when they arrived at his flat, Sherlock walked his fiancé up the stairs and to his front door.
"Love... Don't worry, okay? You're my only friend, who else would I talk to and dance with but you?" Sherlock kissed John on the forehead and squeezed him tightly.
John jumped a little as Sherlock caught him when he stood, but he relaxed back into the other boy and smirked. A tingle shot down his spine at the feel of Sherlock's lips on his neck and he reached up one hand to card through Sherlock's soft curls. "Well, if I'm beautiful and you're gorgeous, we'll be the best looking couple at school," he murmured.
Sherlock didn't have any classes together with John until the afternoon, so he walked him to his first class and gave him a kiss on the cheek before going to his own.
Sherlock hummed in content and kicked off the blankets, trailing his hand down his torso and letting his fingers dip below the waistband of his sleep trousers. "I'm touching myself now... tell me what else you'd do to me," he spoke huskily and bit his lip as he moved his hand lower.
"Thanks mum," Sherlock said as his mother walked away to greet some other guests that had just arrived. He looked around at the other people, not seeing Irene among them, but she would most certainly be here soon. He guided John to the bar and sat down on one of the stools. "So, what would you like, love? I'm not much of a drinker myself, I've only ever had champagne and wine."
"Yes, indeed," Mr. Watson agreed. "I must admit it was a shock to me at first. John's never really expressed any interest in, well, boys."
Ms. Rodin nodded for Sherlock to continue. "One day, after gym..." he looked over at John and swallowed thickly, keeping eye contact with him as he spoke. "Moran approached me in the showers. He had a few of the other rugby players with him." Sherlock closed his eyes for a moment, calming himself before he continued on with the story.
Sherlock hummed around John's length as he thrust. He'd been thinking about him fucking his mouth ever since his lover mentioned it last night and he thought this was the perfect opportunity to make it happen. He inhaled deeply and relaxed his throat completely, sliding his tongue along the underside of John's cock.
John gazed up at Sherlock, listening to his deep baritone as he quoted some probably high level piece of classical literature. It was the most beautiful thing that anyone had ever said to him. And as Sherlock finished, he felt like he might cry. "Sherlock...That's the sweetest, most wonderful thing anyone has ever said to me." He rested his head on Sherlock's chest and closed his eyes. "I don't know how I got so lucky to find you."
Sherlock smiled reassuringly and grasped John's chin in his hand. "Nonsense, John... They'll adore you." He kissed the other boy, briefly allowing their tongues to touch before pulling away with a smirk, "just be yourself," he whispered and grabbed John's hand, pulling him out the door to the bathroom to wash up before going to the dining hall.
John had collapsed against Sherlock, breathing heavily. When he could finally speak he looked up at Sherlock and just shook his head in wonder. "Incredible..." he breathed, and then settled his head on Sherlock's chest. He had no intention of moving from that spot or away from Sherlock ever.
John opened his mouth for Sherlock as his tongue pushed through, and was disappointed when it didn't stay longer. He whimpered soflty as their hips bumped together and, oh God, was he already getting hard? Sherlock was too good at this. If they went too much further, things were going to get heated. John's conscience decided to kick in and he pulled away breathlessly. "Sh...Sherlock..." he gasped out. "We...should stop...before we go too far..."
John looked up at Mr. Holmes, eyes still dripping with tears. "I'm so sorry, Mr. Holmes. I'm so sorry..." He brought his hands up to his eyes, wiping away the moisture only to have more form. "Moran. Sebastian Moran," he managed, knowing that he needed to get that name out before he completely lost it. "He broke in and he had a gun and...I should have taken that bullet. Sherlock...pushed me out of the way." He fell back into sobs again, eyes squeezed tightly shut.
Sherlock chuckled, "okay good... I wouldn't want to upset you." He scrunched his face up when John licked his nose, "and
Sherlock laughed and pressed his lips to John's cheek, spreading the suds all over his face. He kept kissing him until they were both covered in suds. "Hmm... I think you missed a spot," he said and smirked. He slid his hand down the center of his fiance's back and let his fingers graze lightly across the middle of his arse.
He slid their tongues together for a few moments before leaning back and picking John up in his arms and laying him gently on the bed. "Looks like you've got yourself a pretty nice setup here. I'd like to try out the bed sometime when you're feeling up to it." He winked at the other boy and joined him in the bed, laying so they were side by side, facing each other.
When he heard the knock at the door, he ran his fingers through his hair and stood. He opened the door and attempted a smile, "hey, I'm just coming back now," he murmured.
John was ready for a good snog when the knock interrupted them. A younger sounding voice told them dinner was ready and he knew it must be Sherlock's older brother. He suddenly felt a bit nervous. Sherlock didn't care that he wasn't wealthy, but would his family feel the same? They might think that Sherlock shouldn't be associating with someone so below his status. He took Sherlock's hand as he got off the bed but held back for a second. "Sherlock..." he started. "What if they don't like me?"
Sherlock mentally smirked at John's reaction, loving the sounds he was making. He wrapped his tongue around John and bobbed up and down in a steady rhythm. After a few moments, his throat had relaxed enough for him to take John deeper so he did... until he felt the head of his cock bump against the back of his throat. He swallowed experimentally to see how John would react.
Sherlock smiled cheekily and hopped on, wrapping his arms around John's waist and scooting as close as he could. Just for safety, of course. He still had a smile plastered on his face as he got settled. "I hope so, because if I fall off, you're coming down with me," he breathed in John's ear, testing the waters. He'd never flirted before, but it was so natural with John that he couldn't help it.
John pulled away from his father and got up to go to Sherlock's room. Before he left, he looked back at Mr. and Mrs. Holmes and smiled as best as he could. "It's all right. There was nothing that you could have done, anymore than I could have." Then with a deep breath he walked back towards the rooms.
"Well, the trial is on Friday," John said. "If it doesn't carry over to Saturday I'm sure we could make it. What do you think, Sherlock?" he asked, turning to his fiance.
John cursed himself. He shouldn't have said anything. He was stupid, bringing up that topic. "Sherlock, no, don't get upset." He crawled over to him and grabbed his hands. "Stay with me, Sherlock. Listen." He smoothed one hand over his hair. "I'm sorry, I'm really sorry. I didn't mean to upset you. I'm not going anywhere, ok? I promise."
Sherlock nipped at John's hip bones and then his thighs before he licked the tip of his cock experimentally. He went back into his mind palace and dug out everything he had read on the Internet about fellatio and inhaled deeply before relaxing his throat muscles and taking as much as he could in his mouth.
Sherlock pushed John until he was laying on his back and rested his head under the shorter boy's chin. He drew patterns on John's chest with his finger, "Mmm... Anything?" he smirked and looked up at John. He suddenly knew exactly where he wanted to take John tomorrow, but he wanted it to be a surprise.
John was so lost in the music and Sherlock he couldn't hear the people watching them and making sounds of delight as they danced. He was surrounded by the perfect of the moment; Sherlock's warm body, his steady breathing and heartbeat, his usual scent along with a hint of some new cologne he must be wearing, the sound of the music which he would now always consider their song...And then suddenly everyone was clapping for them as the song faded away. John opened his eyes and blinked up at Sherlock.
Sherlock nodded at John, grateful for the comfort he was giving. "When I told him that I was still a virgin, he laughed and grinned at me. He said that he wanted to be the first one... that he would break me of it." He frowned and his brow furrowed as tears started to fall, "then he motioned for two of the rugby players to push me down on my knees and hold me there. I tried to escape, but every time I started to struggle, he would hit me."
Sherlock nodded and pulled John down by his arm to wrap his arms around him. He started sobbing, "I love you so much, John. I'm so glad you're still here."
John nodded, returning Sherlock's embrace and feeling a bit better. "Thank you." He pulled back and took Sherlock's hand as they walked back through the forest to the house. "Is your father here now?" John asked. "I never got the chance to meet him this morning."
Sherlock eased John's erection into his mouth, savouring every moment and every sound coming from his lover. He then started bobbing his head in a slow and steady rhythm, keeping things calm and loving.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around the other boy and pressed a kiss to his head. "No, love, you haven't... you did great." He pulled back and wiped the tears from John's eyes, looking him in the face. "Hey... I love you. You are
They chat aimlessly for an hour, mostly Lestrade gushing about his daughters, but at some point, they discover their mutual appreciation for rugby and Neil Gaiman novels. They disagree which is the best book, but come to the conclusion that the recent television adaptation is a favourite of theirs.
"Hello," John says, letting out a breath. His hands are starting to curl at his waist, and he wiggles his fingers to let out the tension.
"Emelia Fisher. Third-year medical student at UCL. We've got her in custody now; I questioned her this morning. She's confessed to all of the murders."
"Am I actually allowed to be here?" John asks, half jogging to keep up with the detective's longer legs.
When I walk into the flat, he’s sat in his chair watching the doorway, fingers under his chin as if he’s been thinking hard about something. His eyes meet mine the moment I cross the doorway — he’s been waiting for me. I can’t decide if it’s unusual or not. I drop my bag in the corner and I’m about to open my mouth when he speaks.
"No." He's aware he spoke to quickly, eager to keep hold of the man in front of him. Sherlock smirks, noticing.
“I spent years in the middle of a war zone. I chase adrenaline as if I need it to breathe, but in all my life, I have only ever met one person I was ready to hand my life to without question. Why was it you?”
“Eight!” Was John supposed to have a date? Has he been stood up, and that was why he’d dressed up? No, neither he nor Mrs Hudson had mentioned another potential guest, and John usually makes a point of warning Sherlock about these things. Something about ‘behaving’, whatever that means.
"Oh, I know. You don't have to apologise for him." Lestrade sighs and rises from his chair. "Let me tell you, he's a lot better now than he used to be."
Lestrade smiles and takes the seat opposite John, placing a thickly bound file on the table between them. Donovan sits in the chair at the end, setting a laptop in front of her.
It’s true that sometimes the detective is unsure how to cope with his emotions, but they definitely exist. There are days when Sherlock hardly ventures from his room; sleeping for hours on end between cases. John is sure he suffers from depression those days, but they never talk about it. Instead, he leaves food by Sherlock’s door and stays in the flat in case he’s needed. Eventually it passes. After the black lotus case, when Soo Lin had died, Sherlock hadn’t emerged from his room for three days. John had spent the time steeped in worry, on the verge of asking the eldest Holmes for help, but the detective had eventually surfaced and acted as if no time had passed.
John stops at his bedsit only long enough to grab a sandwich and his laptop. He finishes the sandwich, cheese and pickle, in a couple of bites and walks the short route down to the public library. Since he feels well enough to venture outside of the bedsit today, he'd rather not spend any more time in it that he has to. Besides, he doesn't have WiFi. Another expense he can't afford.
I spend the rest of the journey staring blankly at the screen, trying to think of how I’d broach the subject. Do we talk first, or do I just go for it? It would be easy, in those hazy adrenaline-fuelled moments, to tangle my fingers in those black curls, and kiss him until neither of us can breathe. I’m sure that would get the message across.
"You and me both, John." Lestrade copies him, placing their glasses side by side. "You and me both."
"Spending time with my kids, mostly. The job has me working at all hours, so I try to spend as much time with them as possible." He wipes away the froth that had clung to his upper lip. "You know, so they don't hate me when they're older."
Lestrade just gives him a pitying look, and John realises how stupid he sounds. Of course Sherlock's insecurities wouldn't just disappear now that John was here. Hell, even though his inner turmoil felt easier, Sherlock hadn't magically cured him. Understanding who he was outside of a warzone still took work. His relationship with his sexual identity hadn't been magically resolved, but it was easier to understand with the detective around.
"Come on, John. Let's go." Sherlock turns to leave, almost bumping into a uniformed officer in his hastiness.
The gunshot echoes in the small room, and the coin clatters with an unexpected softness. She’s good. Better than me. Which begs the question- who is this woman standing before me? Is she running towards something, or away?
"Sherlock Holmes." The name still fits nicely in John's mouth. It travels from the edge of his lips to the base of his tongue, then back again. Sherlock Holmes. He could get used to saying it.
They are roused from their cocoon only by the protest of John's bladder. He sighs, brushing the shadow of a kiss across Sherlock's cheek, before rising to the bathroom. When he returns, half hoping to slip back into the timelessness of before, Sherlock has moved, having adjusted the pillows to sit up against the headboard. John climbs in next to him, resting his forehead against the sharp outline of Sherlock's collar bone, the sweet smell of sweat and sex radiating from his skin. The spell is broken — Sherlock back to his restless self. He runs his fingers across the valley of John's back, gently pressing his fingertips into the skin as if trying to memorise each ridge of his spine. It's comforting, and more than once John catches himself on the precipice of sleep. Warm hands make their way slowly up his back, stopping only at the edge of the angry puckered scar on his shoulder. John tenses out of habit; forcing himself to relax when he realises Sherlock is hovering on the edge of the shattered skin, waiting for permission.
Two days later, John is still thinking about the encounter. In the quiet moments, his mind replays the phantom feeling of the hug; the skipping of his heart as the dark-haired stranger saw his life painted across his body. He tries, as much as possible, to remember the small details about him — to deploy the same trick. He distinctly remembers the crisp lines of his suit, lying flush on his skin; purple collar framing that long, pale neck. He sees the cheekbones and black hair, perfectly curled. The coat; draping over his body and falling free around his knees. John remembers the man vividly, but when he tries to discern the hidden details, his mind draws a blank.
"How did you get into her phone? It would have been locked, wouldn’t it?" Lestrade asks, confusion creasing into his face.
"Trying to chat up a bloke at the bar. He was quite forward, I think, but I couldn't hear him. The other guy came over and sat with me to get away. We left, then I didn't see him after that."
It’s too much with them both here. The anger I’ve been suppressing for months is boiling up, and I don’t know who I should be directing it towards. Sherlock wants me to be rational, to deal with this calmly and then take on Magnussen. But I can’t. That’s far too much to expect of me. I’ve been manipulated for months by the woman who’s supposed to love me, and he- he won’t stop dying in front of me.
“Sheelog? Really?” Sherlock giggled as he entered the living room, collapsing onto the sofa. John handed him a blue box, and Sherlock immediately started to unwrap it.
“It’s- it’s bad Sherlock. He’s stable, but he’s not woken up yet. Oh, Mycroft said to give you this-“ He reaches into his bag and pulls out a manila envelope. John’s medical file. Sherlock’s brain is too frantic to focus on the words- they blur and swim in front of him. He thrusts the file back to Lestrade with more force than necessary.
John lets out a huff of laughter that hurts his ribs. Of course Sherlock would be annoyed that the yard arrested her by accident, rather than because he had deduced her identity.
“I solved it this morning. Boring, 3/10 if best. I think Lestrade’s getting stupider.” I stifle a laugh, aware of how loud I sound in the darkness.
Brick by Brick is very loosely based on the Pink Floyd album, 'The Wall'. It is one of my absolute favourites, and I listened to it on repeat when writing this fic. I hope you enjoy, as always I love reading all your comments.
John whined softly as Sherlock pushed him back but he knew that the other boy was right. Even though he wouldn't feel right about doing anything so early, in the moment he could easily forget his morals and go all the way. But when Sherlock spoke, he started to get himself under control with a soft groan. "God, Sherlock...You are incredible."
Author's Note: Okay! We're back with another installment of this lovely series! Thanks so much for the kudos and keep those reviews coming, we love hearing your feedback!
John frowned a bit remembering. "The first day that we were together, after you got knocked out, I literally ripped the rugby players from you and carried you out of the school. I would have carried you all the way to the hospital if your brother hadn't shown up."
John nearly cried in relief. He put Sherlock in and climbed in after, shutting the door so they could speed off. John held Sherlock's unconscious form close to him as tears finally fell. "This is all my fault. I shouldn't have left him alone. God, I'm such an idiot." He rubbed his fists against his eyes, trying to calm down.
Sherlock sighed happily, resting his head on John's shoulder as they rode to the castle. When they arrived, he gave his husband one last kiss before opening the door and climbing out of the limo.
John jumped, clutching his backside at the hit. "You're going to be the death of me, Sherlock Holmes." He followed Sherlock upstairs and opened the flat. "Da, Sherlock's here!" he called, a fair warning in case they couldn't help themselves.
Sherlock quirked a smile, "In better news... You get to spend the weekend with me and I'll be back to school with you on Monday." He hugged his fiancé tighter and kissed his temple. "I can't even tell you how excited I am to be back studying instead of being cooped up in my bedroom being so incredibly /bored/."
John jumped and grasped his backside, smirking at Sherlock as he followed him back to the bedroom. "And you call me a cheeky bastard," he muttered as he went to get his clothes together. He pulled on a pair of red pants and then his usual jumper and jeans before getting on his socks. He pulled out his mobile to check his messages and found one from his father.
Sherlock groaned, his vision blurry and he blinked rapidly, trying to focus on his boyfriend's face. "John... Are you alright?" he rasped. He was in pain, so much pain, but all that mattered was if John was hurt. He needed John to be okay.
When they were completely nude he and Sherlock started grinding into him, he let out a soft groan and bucked up to meet his boyfriend. He clutched at Sherlock's hips, keeping him in place so that their hardened arousals could bump together again and again. Then he gently hooked a leg around Sherlock's waist, using it to help flip them over so Sherlock was on his back beneath him.
"The last time he did this... I found him shooting up cocaine three weeks later. I don't think I have to tell you what caused
Mr. Watson was just putting out their plates when he saw the boys come in. He smiled but it faltered a little seeing they way they were attached. "Hello, boys..."
John was getting close as well, the feeling of being this way with Sherlock was so overwhelming. Even just Sherlock's words were enough to make him groan and choke out, "Yes,
John nearly screamed, it felt so good. He worked down Sherlock's cock until he had completely engulfed the whole thing, groaning around it. Once he had taken it all in, he bobbed his head quickly, fingers still pressed far into Sherlock's arse. He twisted them as he thrust them in and out of his fiance, and then pushed in a third as Sherlock had done to him.
John cocked his head to the side, remembering the first day they met. "Well, to be honest I thought that you were a bit helpless," he admitted. "But I also thought that you were quite handsome. And I still do. Not the helpless part though." He gave Sherlock a sly grin. "Now what about you?"
Sherlock just smiled, "Yes I do... I'll explain it all, just trust me and come with me, your father needs to hear this too." He stood and held his hand out for John to take.
Sherlock laughed, "yes I do." He kissed John again and winked, "and none of them are innocent." He pulled John close to him and sighed happily, "I love you, John."
"That would be incredible of him." John said and blushed a little at the praise. "I don't know how great I'll be. I'm not the brightest student in the school."
Sherlock just smiled and led them to their seats, sneaking a quick squeeze of John's arse as he walked by. He sat them down and put their carry-on luggage overhead and grabbed their blanket, spreading it out over their laps. He waited until the plane took off and then let his hand wander over to his husband's thigh.
Sherlock groaned and hitched one of John's legs up, wrapping it around his waist. He pressed his lover against the mirror and kissed all along his throat, moving up the other side and nipping his earlobe.
Sherlock could feel the emotions in the kiss and whimpered, kissing John back. He threaded his fingers through his short blonde hair and stroked his tongue with the other boy's, soft and slow.
It was nice to finally be back in Sherlock's room, in his bed where they could have some peace away from the atmosphere of the hospital. He could finally relax and stop worrying that something else was going to happen. Sherlock being home meant that he was all right, and he was going to stay that way. John took both of Sherlock's hands, slipping his fingers through the other boy's, wanting to feel as connected as possible.
Sherlock whimpered in relief and kissed John back, moving his hand to the back of John's head and rolling his lips against the shorter boy's. He took his free hand and rested it on John's hip, stroking gently and focusing all his attention on their kiss. Having never kissed anyone before, he was going purely on instinct and the few occasions he'd seen other people kissing.
Sherlock adjusted himself and tilted his head back a little, opening his throat up more for his lover to thrust into. He ran his tongue along the slit of John's cock, gathering the precum and swallowing around his length. His hands were tightly clasped behind his back, as Sherlock himself was becoming slightly turned on by this whole scenario. He knew he'd be fully aroused again by now if it were possible.
John kissed him back and returned the smile as they pulled away. "Well, we are pretty adorable," he teased, poking Sherlock in the nose. He felt good. In spite of the one bump in the road, this night had turned out nicely.
Sherlock shook in excitement at the cascade of sensations and let out a long moan, the vibrations of it spreading deliciously through the kiss. After a few minutes, things started to get more intense and with a frustrated groan, he pushed John away. "We have to stop..." he panted, "I won't be able to control myself much longer."
John grinned at Sherlock as they were led to the dining room. Yes, it was smaller, but no less elegant. The table was made of smooth dark wood with matching chairs and a cream runner was draped across the length, which happened to match John's jumper. The china was simple with a swirling rose-coloured design around the rim which caught the colouring of the walls.
John gasped and arched towards Sherlock's wonderful fingers. He was already so hard from sucking his lover off that this was just making him even more antsy. Though he supposed he deserved it.
"Yeah. Of course, thank you." John took the suit up to his room and changed. It fit him perfectly, and John wondered if Sherlock had had it tailored for him. Probably. He adjusted his cuffs and fixed his tie before trying to do something with his hair, but it just insisted on laying flat on his head. With a sigh, he went to the living room to wait.
"My guess... a dance party. Mary is pretty well known for her parties and loves a good dance party. Of course as you've probably already guessed there will be booze there. Mary's parents are usually 'on a trip' the whole weekend." Sherlock knew John would probably want to avoid any drinking, but he himself was looking forward to the opportunity to dance with his fiancé again.
John was up much earlier than usual Monday morning. He sped on his bike all the way, swerving between cars and getting honked at by quite a few cars. He finally made it and parked out on the edge of the lot, then sprinted towards the entrance of the school. He could see Sherlock on the steps and his heart leaped in joy. "Sherlock!" he called, waving his arm in the air as he approached.
He rises to dress, pulling on the same clothes he wore yesterday, not bothering to shave or wash his face, his movements hastened by his sudden desperation to escape his dingy cabin. The prospect of searching for answers has given him purpose, and he finds that he cannot bear the sight of the grey walls around him another minute.
He laid the edge of it against John’s cheek. John held himself still, felt the tremor in his body as the metal edge sank deeper.
They are like two magnets held close enough together to feel the pull, but always kept apart, or like a wound that needs stitching. It feels wrong, unnatural for space to exist between them. Sherlock wants to close it, draw the edges back together but he stays where he is, rooted to the spot, terrified.
“Splendid, splendid. Do I have your permission then to begin spreading the good news? It’s only that… well, the ladies have much to prepare for, sir. I believe they would appreciate the additional hour or so.”
The ship lists harder than ever before, water rushing in under Sherlock’s door, the shrieks of the ladies down the corridor drowned out by the roar of the waves.
Without saying a word to John, he leaps off the bed and throws himself with all his might against the case that stands between the end of his bed and the wall. It only takes two shoves to move it aside and reveal the hole in the wall behind it.
John let his eyes linger on Sherlock’s pouting mouth, the corners of which were turned down slightly as he concentrated, then down Sherlock’s neck where a faint purple mark was blooming to life on the pale skin, left there by his own mouth, down, down slender muscles in his arms and chest standing out in golden lines, to finally rest on the flushed curve of Sherlock’s erection where it lay against his hip.
Ferguson takes a loaded step forward, his expression deranged. “Don’t think this means I’m giving up. I’ll find another way, and
“A case, John! We’ve got a case!” He reached down and grabbed John by the hands, pulling him to his feet before John could protest. “Come on, get dressed! If we hurry, we can meet Lestrade at the crime scene. Oho! This should be a good one!”
Sherlock’s heart pounds harder in his breast; he’s stricken with the sudden, irrational fear that Ferguson will be able to make out the outline of the stolen paper under his jacket.
John lets out a long breath, dropping his hands from Sherlock’s shoulders. “I don’t know, Sherlock.” It’s as if all the weariness has returned suddenly to his body; he looks wrung out, exhausted. “I don’t know if it is.”
Sherlock continues to stroke him through it, trembling almost as hard as John, still pressing absent kisses into John’s hair as he listens to the sound of John’s ragged breathing begin to calm.
John’s mouth is hot against the skin of Sherlock’s throat—searching, as he rolls his hips against Sherlock.
He stops John with a hand on his arm. “Wait, before we do that. There’s just one more thing I have to do. There’s someone I made a promise to.”
The gesture sends a shudder through John, and Sherlock feels, rather than hears John’s low moan in response. The taste of it is heavy in his mouth.
“It isn’t right that you’re still suffering like this. You need help, dear. It’s for the best! Really, it is.”
And then he is walking away across the deck, pain resonating through him with every step, headed for the darkness of the staircase.
He’s turning now, pushing past the angry man, and making his way back across the tavern in the direction of the sound, shoving through the people with renewed purpose, until he comes to another room beside the bar that he hadn’t even known was there.
“What’s this?” John breathes, pulling Sherlock’s fingers towards him, cradling them gently between both his hands, uncurling Sherlock’s fingers one by one to study the length of them.
Sherlock blinks hard again, terrified for one real moment that he is hallucinating—that the Billy he sees before him is just an apparition conjured by his sun-addled brain.
But after what feels like an unbearable amount of time with no sign of him, Sherlock gives up waiting. He cannot stand to stay confined to his room for one minute more, or else he actually will go mad.
“That, good sir, I cannot tell you. But it’s no secret that the captain has a particular desire to reach the port of Rio de Janeiro by tomorrow. It seems that without the wind, that goal is no longer achievable.”
“I want to see the curls in your hair as they catch the light, the shape of your mouth when I kiss it, the color rising in your cheeks as I kiss you here,” John pushes back the fabric at Sherlock’s wrist to kiss the bone, “And here…” John straightens up and leans in to press a kiss to Sherlock’s jaw, “And here.”
He saw the changed look that came over Sherlock’s features at the noise he made and pushed forward again to take Sherlock deeper.
There is a pause in John’s singing and Aidan plays a small fluttering solo on his whistle for the length of one of the verses. Sherlock continues playing along with him, until John’s voice joins back in, sweet and rich.
He followed Sherlock down the vast marble staircase, past the walls of mirrors throwing his own strangely elegant reflection back at him, one hand trailing the banister, down, down through the glittering lights to the enormous marble bathroom on the ground floor, all gilded mirrors and palms in gold pots.
Sherlock winces in response, resists the urge to rub his arm. “I’ll be there,” he tells them. “I’m waiting for John. Have you seen him this morning?”
After sunset, John said, but that may as well be hours from now based on the glacial pace with which the sun is making its descent. The longer Sherlock looks at it, the more convinced he is that the sun isn’t actually moving at all.
A man towards the front of the room spoke up in anger. “This is preposterous! Step aside or we’ll knock you down, the lot of us.”
His dreams dissolve again, turning to a nightmarish patchwork of shadows and heat, punctuated at times with flashes of cool relief like veins of silver in a stretch of dry stone. In these moments, Sherlock imagines John is with him, his cupped palms full of water, holding them up to Sherlock’s mouth to drink—but they never last, the water leaking from John’s fingers before they ever reach Sherlock’s mouth, and Sherlock is continuously turning, continuously reaching, his eyes burning, his throat full of dust.
Sherlock dropped his mouth another few inches, his broad palms stroking the exposed tops of John’s tensed thighs, moaning low and sweet in the base of his throat, as though the slick heat of John filling his mouth was all he needed on this earth to survive.
He can no longer take pleasure in the places where he once found it. His longing for the blue-eyed sailor seems to steal the life from his body. He sits in shadow, his life whittled away by grief.
“Now, now, you don’t want to embarrass yourself in front of all your rich important friends, do you? I suggest you try not to make a fuss. The door, please, John.”
He won’t let Anderson ruin his joy right now; not when he’s worked so hard to find it. Not when he owes it to John—this moment of brightness, of levity.
He’s not only mortified by this discovery, he’s horrified to realize that the fears John voiced last night are not far at all from the truth.
John came forward, stripping off clothing as he went, hands shaking with the intensity of his arousal. When he too was completely naked, he knelt close behind Sherlock but didn’t touch him. His eyes traveled down the length of Sherlock’s lean back, over the sculpted muscles of his buttocks. His hands hovered above Sherlock’s hips, still not touching. He felt his cock twitch at the thought of being buried in that gorgeous ass. Suddenly, his mouth was very dry.
John sipped his tea, contemplating. It hadn’t even been a week since the incident with Moriarty and he was embarrassed to admit that he felt slightly apprehensive about taking on another case. He knew that the odds of having another bomb strapped to his chest with a serial killer purring in his ear were slim to none, but he couldn’t shake the feeling of unease that hovered around him like a bad odor.
Sherlock’s eyes reconnected with his, tentative, searching. His head was still bowed, as though in shame, but after a moment, Sherlock nodded.
“Apparently I was instructing you on the various uses of flowers.” Sherlock’s voice was lower than usual, rough from sleep. “And you found it… erotic?”
Mycroft’s voice had cut through Sherlock’s silent, desperate pleas, his words so matter of fact; his voice cold and clean, like the incision of a very sharp blade.
John is still with him—Sherlock can tell by the very warm body against his own, the gentle rise and fall of John’s chest beside him, but he must have gotten up to blow the candle out. He’s lying in a slightly different position than when Sherlock fell asleep on his chest.
you for him. Every time he touches you, all you’ll feel is pain, pain, pain. Can you feel it yet, John? Oh, it’s going to be delicious. I’m going to slash you to ribbons, until there’s nothing but a gory mess between your legs. Sherlock won’t want to fuck you then. Goodness, no.”
Sherlock tightens the circle of his hand into a fist so that John can thrust up into it, and he pulls John close against him with the grip of his thighs, struck with sudden inspiration.
It’s several minutes before they both recover enough to remember John’s suggestion—swimming yes, that was it—and several minutes more before they manage to think about moving. Their progress is significantly slowed by John sliding down the doorframe to pull a boneless Sherlock into his arms and kissing him thoroughly—deep and slow and open-mouthed—until Sherlock is sighing and melting in against him, and they’ve both forgotten all over again that they ever had any intention of doing anything besides kissing naked in the doorway of this sea-side hut.
Billy swings himself off the beam in the ceiling and lands on one of the hammocks, agile as a monkey. “He sleeps right here. And there’s all his kit, down underneath.”
It felt strange, seeing Sherlock so vulnerable, but it made John instinctively want to protect him. He brought his arms up around Sherlock’s shoulders and squeezed.
John leans down to kiss his brow, his temple, the crest of his cheek, punctuating the question with another slow roll of his hips.
He remembers hearing the bells that made Burns announce the end of the sailors’ shift but Sherlock cannot recall now how many had rung out.
His fingers thread briefly through the hair at the base of Sherlock’s cock, his nose pressed to the skin of Sherlock’s belly as he inhales the scent of him, and Sherlock shudders at how close he is, knees clenching at John’s sides.
Hands trembling harder than ever, Sherlock uncorks the bottle, tipping probably far too much of the precious oil over his fingers. Then he reaches down to take himself in hand.
John found himself studying Sherlock’s hands, the narrow dips between his knuckles, the graceful curve of his pointer finger where it rested on the handle, and the long line of his middle finger where it bent around the blade.
“And there’s something wrong with that?” John growled, seizing Sherlock by the hips and dragging him closer until he was forced to lift one leg, straddling John’s hips with his knees.
Sherlock feels as if the bottom of the tavern has dropped away beneath his feet. So it’s true then. He isn’t the only one who’s noticed it.
Sherlock doesn’t cough this time but he can feel the drink burning all the way down from his mouth to his belly. He reaches up to rub a fist against his watering eyes.
The transformation that is taking place over John before Sherlock’s eyes is magnificent to behold. Even while simply sitting on the bed, his stature changes—seems to broaden, so that he looks bigger, more powerful, more graceful all at once. Sherlock can see the quiet energy sitting in his tensed shoulders, in the taut line of his jaw, in the relaxed but anticipatory way he holds his arms. Sherlock can feel the rage shimmering off of John like heat in a desert; can feel the threat of danger as vividly as though he were holding a lit fuse in his hands.
All these details register distantly in Sherlock’s mind as he scans the quarterdeck for a sign of the Lieutenant. There is a very good chance that the man might still be in bed, not yet fully recovered from the effects of the poison, in which case Sherlock will be very worried indeed—not just for the Lieutenant’s health (although John’s prognosis that he was out of danger was surely correct), but for the fact that people might notice his absence and begin asking questions.
For one wild moment, the only thought in John’s mind was to know what Sherlock’s hair would look like lit up by that beam of sunlight.
John slung a boneless arm around Sherlock’s shoulders, pressed a kiss to his sweaty temple. He stared up at the reflected glimmer on the ceiling from the city below, feeling dazed.
“Sorry, I’m sorry,” he whispers, his words slurring, barely able to get the words out, his mind sparking with pleasure, his whole body illuminated by the touch of John’s mouth. He feels like a map of the night sky—every point on his body that John has touched, lit up and shining like a star.
“You know I’d love to do that thing you’re asking for but…” John mouthed further up Sherlock’s thigh, close enough that he could feel the moist heat radiating out from between Sherlock’s legs. It was demanding some serious willpower on his part not to lick his way right up to the crease of Sherlock’s buttocks. He let his fingers trail up the inside of Sherlock’s other thigh. “But I’m afraid you’re going to have to ask nicely.”
“It was only a day, I know,” Sherlock rattles on, aware that he’s speaking more than he’d like to, but unable to stop the torrent of words that have been burning at the brink of his lips all day, waiting to burst forth. “But I couldn’t stop thinking about you. Your hands, your mouth… the way your body felt against mine…” Sherlock hesitates at the sound of John’s indrawn breath, his eyes darting up to hold John’s. “That’s all I could think about.”
Sherlock re-emerged moments later and when John saw his expression, he felt the cold feeling in his stomach turn to ice.
He works through the whole piece—twice, before he puts the instrument away, fingers warm and burning; his head full of minor technical adjustments, his heart full to bursting with feeling for John.
Terrorized by embarrassment and fear though he may have been, John found he was also harder than he’d ever been in his life. He could feel the tip of his now-neglected cock leaking pitifully at the slit.
But he is paralyzed by guilt, by fear, by a thousand other complicated emotions that he knows would be smoothed away if he could just find it within himself to be brave enough to show John how he’s been missing him instead of trying to tell him.
He kept the kiss languorous and slow, the speed of the honey running off the knife, dipping his tongue into the hollows of Sherlock’s mouth again and again, undulating like water, until he felt Sherlock’s arms begin to shake with the effort of holding himself crouched halfway out of the chair.
As a doctor too, he knew about the healing power of touch, and it was clear to him in this moment how badly Sherlock needed it—needed to be grounded once again in the reality of his own body. As far as he could tell Sherlock was starved for it. John had never realized. God, he’d been so blind.
“I’m actually going to kill him,” he mutters again, but he’s smiling as he traces John’s footsteps around the foremast to the staircase leading below decks.
In the grey light of the dying afternoon, he saw Sherlock leaning over him, terror cutting dark lines into the contours of his face. His hands were clenched tight on John’s shoulders, his eyes searching John’s, haggard, desperate.
good care of you once we have some time to ourselves." He leaned in and whispered in John's ear, "consider me your personal slave and nurse until you are well again."
Sherlock cried out in pleasure as John finally reached the angle he was looking for. He jerked his hips back to get him to hit the spot again and again as he drew closer to his orgasm. After a few thrusts, Sherlock came hard, his arse clenching around his lover's cock as he spurted come all along the shower wall. "Fuck! J-John!" He shouted with his release.
As soon as the doorbell rang he jerked his head up and smiled, running to the door. "Hello, Mr. Watson," he said and shook the man's hand. "Hello, John," he beamed at his boyfriend and kissed him on the cheek briefly. "Please, come in."
Sherlock felt the guilt continue to grow within him, completely unaware of the other boy's thoughts. He sighed shakily and a few tears fell from his eyes and landed on top of John's head before he could reach up and wipe them away without John noticing.
"I know. But that doesn't make me feel any better about it." John rubbed Sherlock's back slowly, watching over him to make sure he fell asleep again. He wanted to ask him what had happened, because he couldn't understand what was so terrible that Sherlock couldn't tell him, but he knew he couldn't. He wouldn't force Sherlock to relive those memories.
Sherlock was looking at a specimen under his microscope when he heard his mobile go off. His head jerked up and he ran over to grab it. As he read the message, his heart sunk. Things were definitely not good. He sighed and shook his head, typing out a reply.
John sat up on the edge of the bed when Sherlock got up and his mouth watered as dessert was brought in. "Don't mind if I do." He got up and grabbed a bowl, thanking the butler before taking a bite. The brownie was warm and gooey and the cold of the ice cream juxtaposed with the warmth was perfect in his mouth. "Oh God...Do you always eat like this?" he asked Sherlock.
John shook his head. "I want to go. I just..." He sighed, closing his eyes again. "I hate watching people when they're drunk. They remind me of her, and it scares me and makes me miss her at the same time. And it makes me angry because they have no idea how stupid they're being."
Sherlock groaned at the slight pain, "Yes, though this time wasn't nearly as bad. If it weren't for you I may have ended up in the hospital again." He grabbed John's hand and squeezed it, "thanks... for everything," he murmured and smiled shyly.
"No, no, not that..." He couldn't look John in the eyes, and kept his head bowed. "John...remember that call I got when you were in the hospital? From my boss?"
"A little of both," John admitted, burying his face in Sherlock's neck. "I have to be honest, before we met, I was a little afraid of, you know...gay sex." He flushed a bit, hiding his face further.
John groaned and clutched at Sherlock's shoulders. He was glad for the short pause, giving him a moment to get used to the feeling of being so stretched. As Sherlock started moving, John laid back a bit and enjoyed the feeling of his lover sliding in and out of his body. "Yes...oh, Sherlock..."
They sat for a while, silently keeping vigil over John. It was about an hour before he started to stir. God, did that hurt. In fact, everything hurt. He groaned and opened his eyes, Sherlock swimming into his vision first, and he smiled weakly. But then he noticed the presence of Mycroft and..."Da?' he rasped, eyes widening.
Sherlock sped up his strokes, flicking his wrist faster as John thrust into him faster. His orgasm approached quickly and intensely, his whole body convulsing and his vision whiting out with the overwhelming sensations. He moaned and whimpered as he came, clinging onto John.
John smirked and slid his hand up, cupping Sherlock's crotch, all the while still pleasuring his neck. He let his palm press harder onto the other man, now realising why Sherlock had enjoyed doing this to him so much.
John took a wary sip and then made a face. He didn't know why Harry had liked alcohol so much, it was rough to get down. He took another sip just to be polite, glad that they pulled up on to the curb a moment later. He sighed and nodded a little, smiling back at Sherlock. "Yes. I'm ready."
He looked up at the clock and realised that it had been nearly a quarter of an hour and Sherlock wasn't there yet. Just as he was about to get up and find him, his fiancé walked in, looking worse for wear. John met him across the floor and grabbed his hand. "What's wrong, love?"
John felt shivers going down his spine as Sherlock pressed against his back and he flushed at the deep voice in his ear. Swallowing, he looked back at Sherlock and let his lips twitch up a little. "Hang on," he said and started the bike. He turned out of the car park, onto the street, and zoomed through the normal traffic as fast as he felt was safe. Which for John Watson was pretty fast.
Sherlock smiled as best he could and leaned into the touch. When they made it to John's flat, Mycroft agreed to grab some clothes for Sherlock and bring them back by later.
Sherlock moaned softly and tried to keep from bucking his hips up. His hands clenched tightly into fists and he kissed John back hungrily. "John..." he breathed against his lover's mouth and leaned his head up to nip playfully at his bottom lip.
John nodded slowly, confused. "Yes...But I don't understand what you're getting at." He smoothed his thumb over Sherlock's cheekbone, seeing that the topic was hard for him to discuss and wanting to offer some comfort.
John was about to stop Sherlock when he started stroking himself, but he didn't think he could muster the energy to finish him after such a satisfying release. Besides that, the sight of Sherlock pleasuring himself, with the hand that was covered in him, was just too hot. He knew that he would have instantly been hard again just seeing this if he hadn't just came. But just because he wasn't the one doing it, didn't mean he couldn't make it like he was. "Twist your hand," he said softly, leaning up to whisper in his ear.
John couldn't stop himself from bringing his face up to Sherlock's neck. He nipped a line along his lover's neck, passing over old marks and untouched spaces. "I love your skin," he breathed. "It's so easy to mark, so easy to show everyone you're mine." He growled softly and sucked a new one in place.
Sherlock pulled back after a while, "oh yes... Definitely my little deviant," he said breathlessly and smiled down at John. He propped himself up on one elbow and reached up to stroke the side of his lover's face. "I love you so much... I don't think I can say it enough," he murmured.
"Sherlock..." John rolled his eyes fondly. "I love you, darling, but I have to go. I wish I didn't have to."
John let Sherlock delve into his mouth, sliding his hand to the back of his neck. He wished that he could move better and get closer but for now this would have to do. He pouted a little when Sherlock pulled away, but he had a point. His father could come back any minute. "I fully expect you to continue the next time we're alone," he said, releasing his hold on Sherlock and let his arm fall back to the bed.
close," Sherlock panted and thrust up into John's hand. He reached up to pull John down into a possessive kiss, thrusting his tongue into his mouth, stroking, tasting,
John whined when Sherlock pulled away and pouted. "Fine. I guess we have to go." He sat up and pecked Sherlock once more before pushing him up so he could get out of bed.
John stayed strong through the ride to the hospital, grip firm on Sherlock's limp hand. He wasn't going to give up yet, not without a fight. The paramedics worked around him, looking scared almost to ask him to move if they needed to get to something. Must be Mr. Holmes' influence, John hadn't realised how powerful it could be. Shaking his head a little he looked back at Sherlock, watching the rise and fall of his chest, thankful for the small movement.
John hummed and snaked his arms down to Sherlock's waist. "And if you're not alive you don't get to feel this." He ground upward into his lover's hips while simultaneously dragging Sherlock closer to speak in his ear. "Or hear me tell you how incredibly sexy you are and how much I want you to fuck me senseless."
John smirked up at Sherlock. "Yeah, very interesting. Seeing if we can go a whole night without wanting to fuck each other. My father will be home, you know." He didn't think it needed to be said that the flat was small enough that their...
John didn't even notice Sherlock get up, snuggling further into the plush bedding. He was dreaming that Sherlock had wings and was flying with him through the sunset. But then as Sherlock got on top of him and started kissing him, he made a sound and wiggled a little. "Mmm, Sher..." he mumbled in his sleep.
John brought his hand up over Sherlock's. "I love you, too. I love you, so much." He leaned down to kiss him, being careful around his various hook ups. When he pulled away, he was still crying just a little, forehead pressed to Sherlock's. "I thought that...I'm just so happy you're all right."
Sherlock just continued to look forward with a straight face as his hand continued to move. He reached over and lightly grasped John's crotch through his trousers, sliding his hand up and down it.
He was about to go off after him, but turned back to the girl, his anger clearly written on his face. "You are
, but they had attached him to a stretcher and were taking him downstairs. Once he was out of sight...John just went limp. There went his one and only, his
yes..." Sherlock whined and lifted his head to watch his lover go down on him. "Oh God..." he murmured, the sight was absolutely
When he got to where John was, he sprinted over and knelt in front of him. "Hey... You all right, love?" he said softly, cupping his cheek.
John made a soft sound against Sherlock's lips, hands tangling into his hair. After a moment he pulled back, an innocent smile on his face. "Let's go." He climbed onto the bike and waited for Sherlock to get on behind him before starting the bike.
John bit his lip as his cock twitched. He was certainly building stamina now that he was having sex regularly. "It might take a bit more to work me up again. Maybe you could help me out," he whispered, leaning in to nip Sherlock's earlobe.
Sherlock returned the kiss with a happy sigh and leaned his head back as his lover continued his attention his neck. "Mmm... yes, I think so. Should be fun, yeah?" He reached down to run his fingers through the short hair on the back of John's head.
Sherlock kissed John back and brought his hand up to stroke his cheek, locking gazes with him. "You are the most amazing, intelligent, caring person I know. You will be the best doctor that London has ever seen." He smiled lovingly down at his fiance and pulled him into a tight embrace. "I love you, John."
Sherlock frowned and focused on the spot above John's ear, "I just don't know if I'm ready to relive that day... they'll be asking us about every detail. Every single one. Even the other encounters with him. Dad said..." Sherlock swallowed, "if I testify, they may ask me about how it all started... even before I met you."
John blushed again and looked down at the ground. "I never said anything. He must have guessed since we've had so many sleepovers." He got onto the bike and moved up for Sherlock, trying to quell his embarrassment.
"I don't think I could have waited another day for you, love. I'm so glad you found me when you did," Sherlock said softly and reached up to pull John into another kiss. He clasped his lover's hand over his heart and poured all his love into the kiss.
John's entire face went red at the thought. "You can't even hold out for the hotel?" he asked with a smirk. "How am I going to keep you busy for two weeks in France?" He shook his head at his impossible husband as they were allowed through the gate.
"Well," John said with a playful huff. He pulled himself out of the hot tub after Sherlock and grabbed his towel. His skin was pretty wrinkly at this point and he figured it was best to get out.
"Oh... yeah, I guess that kind of gave it away," he chuckled nervously. Mrs. Holmes beamed and hugged both of them, "Oh, we're so happy for you both!" she squealed, "come on, then... Let's see that ring a bit closer, John." Mrs. Holmes smiled and held out her hand.
John looked up, heart racing at the sound of the organ. This was it! He clasped his hands together and turned towards his gorgeous fiance, soon to be husband. He looked...just stunning. His curls actually tamed, the dark suit standing out beautifully against his pale and flawless skin, and the beautiful smile, making him instantly relax. He returned the smile, locking onto his gorgeous blue-green eyes, and focusing on Sherlock and Sherlock alone. It was just the two of them, finally completing their bond as it was meant to be from the start.
John looked to his father whose eyes were wide. "Sherlock... I don't know what to say..." He took the envelope reverently, opening it to find a wad of bills and the letter, which he opened to read. "Amazing... Thank you." He took Sherlock's hand and shook it vigorously.
Mycroft hummed and nodded, "let's see now... Since you've met Sherlock he's been beaten up, shot at and almost died..." He looked at John with a raised eyebrow, a frown on his face. "However... I have to say he has never seemed happier."
Sherlock was lost in his mind again and started to murmur as he rocked back and forth. "Don't want you to be ashamed... please, please... I can't..." He whimpered and felt tears start to fall down his cheeks. Just then he heard the voices start up again, Sebastian's practically yelling
Sherlock growled and hoisted John up, wrapping his legs around his waist. He pressed him against the door, grinding back into him for a few moments before moving back and carrying him over to the bed.
The effect was immediate and John turned into Sherlock, clinging to him. "Sherlock...I don't want to leave you..." He could barely get the words out because for some reason he started to cry harder once Sherlock was in the room with him. He buried his face in the other boy's chest, hands tightening on the back of his shirt.
Sherlock gasped loudly as John's lips pressed to his again and he instinctively reached out, wrapping his arms tightly around John's torso and sobbing loudly. He couldn't lose John, not now, not ever. He had become the most important person in his life and he knew that if he were ripped away from him that he wouldn't be able to survive. He continued to cling to his boyfriend like a man drowning and started to shake with the intensity of the sobs wracking his body.
Sherlock sat and smiled gratefully at his fiancé. "It's going," Sherlock replied, "can't believe the trial starts this Friday." He looked over at John with concern.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and scoffed, "Unlike you, Mycroft, we know the meaning of privacy. There will be no snogging in public, we save that for when we are alone." He looked over at John and smirked.
Sherlock hummed sleepily and pulled John into his arms. He kissed him once and pulled away smiling. "As much as I enjoyed that... I think my favourite position is when I'm facing you. I get to kiss you more," he brushed a few stray hairs from John's forehead and kissed him softly again.
John let out a cry as he felt Sherlock's nails, and he started sucking hard on his neck. His thrusts went faster and harder as he kept his lips latched to his lover's throat. He started to move his hands down, grabbing tightly to Sherlock's arse when he reached it and massaging his cheeks. He wanted Sherlock to forget about everything but himself and John and this moment.
"Hey..." Sherlock cupped John's cheek and smiled lovingly down at him, "I told you I wouldn't let anything or anyone come between us. That includes all those chavs, suicide blondes and jocks that will be at the party tonight, all right?" He kissed the other boy softly on the lips, doing his best to reassure him.
John opened his eyes, staring intently at Sherlock through his lashes as he kept moving on his lover. He slipped a second finger into Sherlock, then a third, copying his vibration technique against his lover's prostate.
When they arrived and Sherlock sent him upstairs, John just sat on the edge of the bed and hung his head. He just wished that everything could work out. That he could have Sherlock and love him and be open without his father, or anyone else for that matter, giving him a problem. He rubbed his hands over his face, feeling just drained and like he wanted to sleep and forget everything. But when Sherlock returned with candles, he knew that that wouldn't be the case.
John shuddered and turned to catch Sherlock's lips in a firm kiss before turning the bike on. "Don't distract me while I'm driving, darling," he said and winked at him. Facing forward, he pulled away from the curb and drove off.
John continued, making sure to spend extra time on the newest mark from the night before, kissing it a few times before moving to another spot. He kissed Sherlock's pulse point, feeling the steady beat of his heart beneath his lips and smiling.
He spread John's thighs and bit his lip against the sight. "You have no idea how gorgeous you look right now," he breathed. With his legs spread wide and his cock jutting up between them, eyes dilated and the light sheen of sweat glistening off his face and chest... He looked absolutely ravishing.
John was very much enjoying Sherlock's reactions and he dared a peek at the nearby passengers to see if they noticed. One person had a funny look on his face but other than that, they were all distracted. John used both hands to push away the elastic of Sherlock's pants and pulled out his cock, wrapping his fingers around and stroking.
Sherlock smiled and wrapped his own arms around John. "Good, because I'm keeping you... forever," he said softly and hugged the other boy closer to him, resting his head on his shoulder.
Sherlock led them to the car where Mycroft was waiting and opened the door for his fiance before stepping inside himself. He held tightly to John's hand the whole way to his house, looking over at him and smiling nervously on occasion.
Sherlock smiled at the whole exchange and kissed the back of John's hand again. Mycroft cleared his throat and raised his eyebrow at Sherlock. He looked at his older brother, confused until it dawned on him. "Oh! Um... Mr. Watson? My parents were hoping to have you and John over for dinner sometime... When John feels better, of course," he added and smiled at his boyfriend.
," Sherlock moaned as their full naked bodies came into contact with each other. He grabbed onto his lover's hips, pulling him down into harder thrusts. "M-more...
Sherlock smirked against the side of his lover's face, "you like the sound of my voice, don't you?" he said in an amused tone. "God, John... I love the way your cock looks, you know that? So thick and long... I want you to stroke your entire length, keep it slow."
John snuggled in closer to Sherlock, sighing contentedly. "Thank you." He brushed his lips over Sherlock's and closed his eyes. "If I fall asleep, I'm sorry, but I'm feeling kind of tired." As if to emphasize the point, he yawned.
"Only when you're with me... Can't have those girls at the party gawking at your beautiful body," Sherlock murmured against his lover's skin. As if to prove a point, he latched onto John's shoulder, biting lightly and sucking to leave a mark. His hands traveled down to the other boy's arse and squeezed both cheeks.
John waited for Sherlock and finally let himself go, spilling out and mixing with Sherlock's release until there was a mess of white on John's hand. He panted heavily and slumped against his fiance, but still had enough energy to lift his hand to his lips and lick it clean, savoring their combined taste.
John was awake in an instant and turned around, pushing Sherlock behind him. "Get. Out," he spat at Sebastian. "You don't have your little posse to gang up on me this time. I
John waited, wanting to make sure Sherlock was alright first before he moved. He returned the kiss, gently starting to thrust as he did so. "I love you, too," he whispered against Sherlock's lips and kissed him again.
Sherlock smiled and kissed his own mobile, "I love you so much... and you are not alone, ever. I will always be there, okay? And if you ever need me, just text or call."
Sherlock smiled as tears came to his eyes and he pulled John into another kiss, this one firm and full of passion. "My dear John..." he whispered, "you may be all those things, but you are so much more and anything but average. After all... you were,
Sherlock shook his head, "No, I just... Can you kiss me?" He bit his lip, feeling a little weird that he felt the need for it. But for some reason, he felt a little scared of being restrained like this and needed the reassurance.
Mycroft held his hands out, "none at all, little brother. Just be careful, I don't want to have to secretly drag you to the hospital again because you've gotten beaten up for your... choices." Sherlock only glared at Mycroft and headed up the stairs. Mycroft shook his head and sighed, "I hope that boy knows what he's doing," he said quietly and turned to leave.
John slipped his hands around between them, trying to undo Sherlock's trousers. He wanted to feel his lover against him, skin to skin. He managed to get Sherlock's trousers past his hips, following with his pants, before working his own off and finally letting their bare erections touch. "Sherlock..." he groaned, bucking up, though remembering not to go to hard on him. "When you get better...
Sherlock groaned and felt his cock twitch at the teasing touches and suddenly he couldn't take it anymore. He got an idea and reached down with his soap slicked hand, wrapping his fingers around himself and started stroking. He turned around, head leaned back and eyes closed as he continued to move his hand.
The week went by quickly, even though John was by himself at school for the entirety of it. But he was in a great mood. His father had calculated that they would have more than double the money that he had been making with the two old jobs combined, and when John mentioned that Sherlock's birthday was coming, he spotted him a bit of money to get him something.
John smiled and kissed him again. "Morning." He looked over to his clock on the table and pouted when he saw that they needed to get up.
Sherlock didn't want to go too far in the back of the limo with the driver just a few feet away, but he did pull John onto his lap. He pulled away from the kiss and decided to give his fiancé some teasing right back. He leaned in to whisper in his ear, "when I get you home, I want you to fuck me in the shower. I've been thinking
Tears were even coming to Helen's eyes now, she couldn't believe that someone would do something like this because of their sexual preference. "What happened next, Sherlock?" she asked softly.
The next three days went by quickly and Friday afternoon after school, Sherlock stood outside waiting for John to get his overnight bag from his locker. As soon as he approached, he took his lover's hand and smiled at him, squeezing it. "Ready?"
Sherlock let out a low moan and slipped his own fingers into his lover's pants. "John..." he panted, "make love to me.
more..." Sherlock moaned, a little surprised by how much he enjoyed that. His cock twitched and by now precum was dripping from it. He needed more.
John hummed and tightened his grip on Sherlock, stroking upward. "Ohhh, you know just how to get me started." He wrapped his free arm around Sherlock's waist, slipping his fingers into the cleft of Sherlock's arse. "And I know how to make it even more interesting."
version of Sherlock, would you be just as attracted to her? Someone clever, beautiful, pale skin, dark hair..." she smiled brightly, "oh wait... that just described...
"It's nice to meet you Sherlock, and you as well John. Shall we get started?" She gestured to the table in the corner of the room.
John looked up at Sherlock, resting his arms on the edge of the pool and kicking his feet absently. "Sounds good to me. You have magic hands, you know. I'm convinced it's from that violin playing." He moved to the steps, fixing his trunks on the way, and climbed out of the pool.
Sherlock chuckled, "well, I better get to it then, hmm?" He smiled and leaned down to kiss John again, prying his mouth open with his tongue and deepening the kiss. Moaning softly, he tangled their tongues together for a few moments before pulling away, slightly breathless. "We better stop... I'm not sure your father would appreciate walking in on a snogging session," he said and winked at John.
Sherlock gasped and spun around, smirking at John, "Oooh... you cheeky bastard," he murmured playfully and lurched forward, pinning the other boy to the shower wall. "I think," he leaned down to whisper huskily in his ear, "that I'll have to take you up on me fucking you... I quite like the idea of being the first to have you that way." He nipped at John's earlobe and pulled away, smirking and finished rinsing off before stepping out of the shower and grabbing a towel for both of them.
Sherlock growled and locked lips with John again, kissing him deeply and grabbing the back of his head to pull him closer. He let go after several moments, backing away panting. Lust overtook his every sense as he practically ripped off the remainder of their clothing and attacked John with more hungry kisses, grinding their naked arousals together.
John's face went instantly red and he bowed his head a little to hide the blush before his father noticed. It was bad enough that just Sherlock whispering had made him look over with an eyebrow raised. But he said nothing about it. "So I assume you're staying tonight, Sherlock?"
John felt a little better seeing Mrs. Holmes and he hugged her back tightly. It was almost like how it used to feel giving his own mother a hug. He pulled away and looked into her eyes, seeing the same guilt that he had heard in her voice. Sherlock had said that they barely spent any time with him... "I didn't think anything like this would happen or I would have said something," he said. "I have to confess, Sherlock and I didn't meet exactly how we said we did."
"I know, love... I know," Sherlock said softly and sighed. Whatever John decided, he would be there for him any way he could. They talked some more into the afternoon and Sherlock hummed his song again, lulling John to sleep because he knew he needed the rest.
Just then, Mycroft pulled up in his car and rolled down the passenger window. "Get in... Hurry!" he said firmly and reached over to open the door for John.
John rolled his eyes fondly at Sherlock. He looked around again, not even knowing where to start. He was never really good with style. Jeans and jumpers were a staple for him. He started going through the clothes, looking for something that he might look good in. "I really don't know what I'm even looking for, Sherlock," he said after a moment, turning back to him. "You're the one who knows how to dress well. Help me out."
"I'll make sure to speak French more often then," Sherlock breathed. He let out all the moans and groans he had to hold in on the plan ride. "Je veux que tu me fasses l'amour", Sherlock murmured. He reached down and started taking John's pants off. "In case you need a translation..." he whispered against his lover's lips, "I just said I want you to make love to me."
John took the scarves and bit his lip, excited. "Take off your clothes," he said softly. "I want to see every centimetre of you."
He sighed and fidgeted, "Well... I did ask him what he was doing there. And we didn't know he had a gun right when we saw him."
Sherlock's dream took a turn for the worse as the afternoon dragged on. He was sitting in his room and John was pacing the floor...
John pulled the covers up over them and snuggled against Sherlock. "Worth it." He pressed his face to Sherlock's neck, nuzzling the soft skin.
Sherlock cleared his throat, "Um... Mr. Watson? May I speak with you for a moment?" He took the envelope out of his pocket and held it in both of his hands.
Sherlock grinned back and chuckled, shaking his head. He leaned in to kiss John on the cheek and grabbed a chip off his tray. "You're in a good mood," he said and bit into the stolen chip.
Sherlock could tell John was nervous about this afternoon and tried his best to be comforting. He tried getting his mind off it by helping him with schoolwork, but it didn't seem to be working very well. By the time the last bell rang, Sherlock was just as nervous as John. He grabbed the other boy's arm before they got into the car and pulled him into a tight embrace. "I love you, no matter what happens. You will always be my hero. Always," he murmured into John's hair.
John shook his head, cupping Sherlock's cheek. "Don't apologize. I'm the one who should be sorry." He pulled away from Sherlock to grab the bouquet and handed it to him. "I'm really sorry for upsetting you this morning. And this is a shot in the dark here, but you don't think I'm ashamed of you, do you?"
Sherlock groaned into the empty bed next to him, but got up and hugged John from behind. He placed a kiss on the side of his neck and rested his chin on the other boy's shoulder. "I suppose I have no choice... since my pillow has decided to leave me," he said and chuckled.
John ground harder into Sherlock, trying to garner what little friction he could. He should have known what this would do to him before they started. Unless of course that was his plan all along. John almost couldn't stop himself from dancing Sherlock out of the room and pinning him to the wall in some dark corner of the castle.
John didn't exactly go to sleep again but just drifted in and out, warm and sleepy with Sherlock holding him. When Sherlock told him it was time for school, he groaned and snuggled closer. "I don't want to go."
John hummed softly, tilting his head over. He never wanted to shower alone again. He licked his lips and followed Sherlock out of the shower, grabbing himself a towel. "You are such a tease," he said, pinching Sherlock's arse.
"When we went back to school the next Monday they separated us so that they could attack Sherlock. Then a few days ago, I was also beaten by them. For that the team was expelled, and that's why Moran came after us. He said we ruined his life." He looked up at the two of them, hoping that they weren't upset that they had kept this hidden. "I'm so sorry, Mr. and Mrs. Holmes. I never imagined..." That he would come so close to losing Sherlock.
John used the last of his energy to wrap his arms around Sherlock, holding him close. "I don't think I'd ever be able to get off again without you," he admitted with a bit of a blush. He tilted his head to rest his cheek in Sherlock's curls. "You are so amazing."
Walking from the closet with his violin and bow in hand, he applied the rosin to the bow and nestled the violin under his chin. He raised the bow and drew it slowly across the strings, starting a sweet tune. He smiled and closed his eyes, thinking of John as he continue to play.
"Well, it was different this time. They say that it's always better with someone you love." John smiled and trailed his finger along Sherlock's chest in swirling patterns.
A few moments later, the door to the balcony opened again. "Hello, John," a high, lilting voice said. Irene stepped out of the shadows, a smirk on her face. She walked up slowly, swaying her hips and stopped when she stood next to John at the railing.
He pulled away and stripped off his lover's shirt, tossing it away before working on the buttons of his own. Once he shrugged it off, he leaned back in to press their lips together and rocked his hips forward once. "I've also been thinking about how wonderful it felt to have my fingers inside of you the other day. How tight and hot you were. I couldn't help but let my mind wander to how amazing you would feel around my cock."
Sherlock added another finger and started stretching John out, scissoring them as he pumped in and out. He placed open mouth kisses all along his lover's throat and down across his collarbone.
Sherlock laughed, "oh don't worry, love... I plan to do just that once we revive ourselves." He wiped himself off and pulled his pants and trousers back up, fastening them. Then he crawled over to John and kissed him softly on the lips as he wiped away the cum dripping from his used entrance. "We'll have to at least get semi-decent. It just occurred to me they still haven't brought out my cake yet." He grinned, "oh... and I haven't opened your present to me either."
"At some point, Da and Harry started fighting," John continued. "It was pretty bad. Nothing physical, but a lot of shouting. Harry was acting pretty bratty about the whole thing and Da was still heartbroken, so they were both always angry about something." He cuuckled a little softly. "That's kind of how Harry and I got closer, though. After really bad fights, she would come to my room and play with me for a while."
John's cheeks only became more red and he felt terribly guilty. He barely remembered saying these things, especially because any of his previous feelings about homosexuality had changed now that he was with Sherlock. "I was being stupid," he said softly, but then his voice picked up volume. "But I obviously didn't do that since a gay person did hit on me, and now we're engaged." He held up his left hand to show his ring.
John moaned again, moving in any way that he thought would give Sherlock more skin. He swiped his fingers over the tip of his cock where precum was steadily leaking out, and used that to slick himself up. He reached back down, leaning further backwards to get at his entrance. "I'm... imagining it's you," John breathed as he pushed one in. "That it's your long fingers, stretching me out."
Sherlock groaned and kept eye contact with John. "Close... Very close," he murmured and bucked his hips up deeper into his lover's mouth. He screamed out his release and went limp after he was finished, chest heaving with the effort of getting air into his lungs.
John grinned. "Good. That's all I want." He gave Sherlock a quick squeeze and then finished getting into his swim shorts.
Mr. Holmes smiled and helped the nurse arrange the beds side by side. He lifted John out of the chair and helped him into the bed and under the covers. The poor boy looked like he was going to lose consciousness any moment. Once he was safely tucked in, he looked down at John and smiled. "Rest well, son. Sherlock will be just fine."
"Well, thank you," John said with a smirk. "You're not so bad yourself." He tilted his head back to kiss under Sherlock's jaw. "I couldn't understand why people would want to hurt you. You didn't seem like the kind to bother anyone."
Hamish ran up to the table with the Holmeses right behind and he hugged both of the boys at once. "You did well, lads. You did well." He turned to Ms. Rodin and shook her hand. "Thank you so much, for everything."
Sebastian frowned, "It's fine, nothing I can't handle..." he shook off the comment and spoke again. "Too bad we didn't get to finish, eh boys?" he looked back at the other players with him and they all laughed. "You see, you caught us by surprise before we could teach him a proper lesson. Looks like we'll just have to try again," he shrugged and smiled evilly.
"Now..." Helen said and put her briefcase on the table before taking a seat herself, "I understand that only you will be testifying, John. As much as I wish that you both were..." She glanced over at Siger who gave her a stern look, "I have been informed not to push things."
John arched into Sherlock's touches, grinding slowly against his lover. As Sherlock worked off his trousers, he kissed down his neck, biting hard on his pulse. He dragged his hands down Sherlock's back to clutch his arse.
John grinned when he saw Sherlock eating. He started to eat the rest of his lunch and thought about the subjects he struggled in. "Well, I'm pretty good at history and English. It's math and stuff that gives me trouble. Ever since we stopped doing algebra it's like a different language or something." Part of him felt a little silly, though, that he needed tutoring in the first place. Sherlock was so brilliant and he was just average.
John shook his head. "He said I need to come home at least a few times a week," he said with a chuckle. "And especially during the school week."
Sherlock smiled and kissed John on the forehead, still mindful of his fiance's father being in the room with them. "That reminds me... I should probably text Mycroft and let him know I'm ready to go home. That is unless..." he looked at John with a smile, "could you maybe give me a ride?"
"Ohhh, Sherlock..." John bent himself as best as he could to try to make himself more open for his lover. "I love you, too. You're-ah...everything." He tried to prop himself on his knees more so he could more easily stroke himself.
Helen nodded and shrugged, "didn't you find it a bit suspicious that she asked to speak with you privately?"
John thought he might rip the pillow open with his teeth, he was biting so hard. He moaned loudly, the sound bubbling from deep inside, and pushed as far back as he could. For a moment, he thought he might be able to climax just from this.
"You'll have to hold on for a little longer, love." John pulled back and laced their fingers together. "Shall we dance some more?"
As they approached Sherlock's house- no, mansion- John gaped in shock. Alright, so that street was definitely named after him. That had to be the biggest house he'd ever seen. Suddenly he felt extremely nervous. Compared to Sherlock, John might as well be homeless. Bad enough that they lived in a tiny flat, but his father was actually working two jobs to make ends meet since his mother had left. If Sherlock found out he was poor, would he still want to be friends?
There was a slight pain in his hips from the movement but he ignored it as with a few more upward thrusts he was reaching his climax. He cried out, Sherlock's name somewhere within a string of noises. As he felt the last of his pleasure wash through him, he laid back and panted.
John looked down into the bag, eyes widening as he realised what was inside. He vaguely wondered how it managed to get past the bag checks without any questions. Then again, it was Sherlock; the Holmes family connections. He looked at a few of the items in the bag, finally shaking his head. "No. Tonight I just want you, just how you are. We've got plenty of time to...try this other stuff."
Sherlock was steadily moaning around John's cock now and kept thrusting his fingers in and out, working his lover's cock deep in his throat and swallowing like he knew he liked. Growing bold, he added another finger in his fiance's arse and pressed the digits against his prostate, wiggling them rapidly to cause a sort of vibrating effect.
Sherlock smiled, "yes, my parents wanted us to enjoy ourselves. Hence the fancy limo, champagne and the venue of course..." He started to pour the champagne but caught the look on John's face.
, I want it to mean something." John's eyebrows raised in surprise at Sherlock's last words. "Really?" He grinned. "Well, you are a damn good kisser for someone inexperienced." He smoothed his hand over Sherlock's hair.
John had to let go of Sherlock's hair with one hand so that he could bite his fist again, because the sensation of his lover's lips and tongue and throat were too much to keep quiet. He moaned into his hand, eyes squeezed closed as he rocked his hips.
he thought. Ms. Rodin nodded and took more notes, "Alright, so you were able to get Sherlock to the hospital after the attack... Now, what happened the day he came after you?"
good had come out of his mistakes. He smiled a little and shook his head. "I didn't. You've always had it. You just didn't realise."
John's blush slowly quelled and he leaned back, joining in Sherlock's laughter. "Imagine if he had actually walked in!" He turned around and pressed his forehead into Sherlock's shoulder as he let himself laugh, more heartily than he had in a while.
Sherlock let out a long moan, "It's a good thing... We both have such a hunger for each other. We'll never get tired of it... or bored... or want anyone else," he breathed and nipped at John's earlobe again.
John smiled and buried his face in Sherlock's neck. "I do know that. And I feel the same. I'll always be here with you." He closed his eyes, breathing steady and matched with Sherlock's rhythm. This moment was so perfect, nothing could ruin it. Not his father, not the kids at school. It was just him and Sherlock and perfect bliss.
Sherlock bit back a moan and shifted in his seat, feeling himself harden at the touches of his husband's wonderful mouth. He craned his neck to the side, trying to make it look like he was just stretching it out.
"Allow me to remedy that," Sherlock murmured and started undoing the buttons on John's shirt. He slowly slid it off and moved to his lover's lips, tangling their tongues together. As soon as the shirt was off, he threw it onto the ottoman and started working on the trousers.
"No," John said. "Ms. Rodin said herself, Moran attacked you once and he would try to do it again. He would have kept trying until he succeeded." He rubbed Sherlock's back, kissing his temple.
Sherlock growled softly and pulled both of their trunks down past their hips. The sounds his lover was making caused him to be aroused as well and he wanted to join in. He stepped closer ad pressed both of them together, wrapping his long fingers around their lengths. "Oh God..." he moaned loudly.
Sherlock looked up at Mr. Watson again, searching his face and nodded once before walking out the door to go join John.
Mary stood awkwardly at the door in silence, just watching with concern. Sherlock continued to sob, lost in his mind again. He curled in on himself tighter, trying to protect himself from the pain of the memories that came flooding back.
John rolled his eyes. "Of course I will. You'll probably level at a healthy weight." He looked up at Sherlock, purely curious. "That's not why you don't eat is it?"
Mycroft shook his head, "bad idea... all the other times, you were right there with him when it got bad. So in the back of his mind, he knew it was you who was trying to bring him back. Since he ran away this time..."
Sherlock got up and washed his hands quickly, running back to join John on the bed. He wrapped his arms gently around him and kissed him softly on the lips. "I was thinking... we should have the dinner Friday night. That way you could spend the night with me after."
John swallowed. "That's sweet..." He couldn't help remembering that last night with Harry, eight years ago. He shook his head a bit not wanting to think about more tragedy so soon after one. "Besides, I wouldn't ever let anything happen to you. And I'll prove it to him, somehow."
too big. I think it would be nice to have a cozy little flat somewhere." He lifted his head to kiss John on the cheek, "especially if you're living there with me."
John had to force himself not to jump when Sherlock grabbed him, and just continued, red-faced, until he found his seat. He sat near the window, and it was a good thing too, because not even a moment after the plane was in the air, a long-fingered hand was traveling up his leg. "Sherlock..." He looked over at him, his cheeks still on fire.
John was completely lost in the pleasure. Sherlock was just...oh, he could die. He let himself be taken over, his body reacting automatically and making his hips buck wildly. John cried Sherlock's name again, eyes squeezed shut, fists nearly ripping the sheets.
Sherlock sighed and smiled in relief. He honestly didn't know what he'd done to deserve someone as kind as John, but he was so glad to have him. "I want it to mean something too," he said and pulled John in for another kiss. He started at a knock on his bedroom door. It was Mycroft, letting them know that dinner was served. Sherlock gave John one last quick kiss after Mycroft walked away and helped him down off the bed.
John smiled, finally understanding what he'd said to set off Sherlock. "I do want to be with you," he said, surprised at how easily it came out. But it was just the truth. He couldn't imagine himself with anyone else for some reason. "I just didn't want to go too far today. We only just met after all, and if we do something, you know,
John paused for a moment, not lowering his hand, but quirking his mouth to the side. "He does this a lot then," he said, continuing more gently with his cleaning. It wasn't a question. John had found out quickly that Moran had a temper, but he didn't know that he took it out on defenseless people. Once the blood was gone, John patted Sherlock's face dry and got out his first aid kit. There was a nose splint inside which he brought towards Sherlock. "This might hurt a little. I don't think your nose is broken, or your tear ducts would probably be going wild. But you should wear this at least for today." John put the splint in place as gently as he could.
Sherlock spent his morning catching up in each class. He was able to finish all the work he'd been assigned while absent as well as the current assignments all before lunch. He sat down in the cafe and waited for John to get there, not bothering to grab any food but an apple because he knew his fiancé would fuss if he just didn't eat.
As they went outside, he led them across the lawn to a wooded area. He held back branches for John as they walked and as they got close enough where he could see the clearing, he turned back to John and grabbed both his hands, squeezing them. "Do you trust me?" he asked and smiled.
"Yes. Tell me every detail," John murmured, rocking slightly. He just couldn't help getting all hot and bothered around Sherlock, even when they'd just gotten off. Blame teenage boy hormones and the fact that his fiance was damn sexy.
Sherlock watched as they walked away and shook his head. He felt a hand on his shoulder and turned around. There stood Sebastian and all the other rugby players. Sebastian had that evil smirk he was so good at on his face and backed Sherlock against the lockers.
Sherlock's mother laughed, "Oh yes... Very adorable, but so hard to manage! Every time I tried to comb them out, Sherlock would start crying. He had a bit of a sensitive scalp, you see..." Sherlock lifted his face, his cheeks burning red, "Mum... That's enough," he mumbled and frowned.
John swallowed and nodded, squeezing Mary's hand before he had to let go for the doors to be closed. She really was a nice girl. If Sherlock had never come into his life, he might have found himself with her instead. He kept Sherlock's hand as they rode to the hospital, focusing on the steady beat of his heart under the tip of his finger. With his free hand he called Mr. and Mrs. Holmes, letting them know what was going on.
John didn't know what to think when Sherlock started undressing, but then smiled and took off his own clothes. He left just his pants on and climbed into bed with Sherlock. He snuggled up against his fiance and pulled the duvet up over them.
John smiled up at him and pulled away to put on the shirt and sleep trousers that Sherlock had given him. They smelled like him and it felt like he was being hugged by the other boy all over. John slipped into the bed next to Sherlock and moved in close.
Sherlock nodded, "the worst of the pain is gone, thankfully. I'm pretty sure you wiped away almost all traces of it this morning," he said and chuckled. He pulled John close to him and kissed him again, lingering longer this time, but holding back from letting it get much more intense.
, John... keep talking to me. I-I want to hear you," he moaned and closed his eyes, hips still rocking.
John pursed his lips. "Not well. I was sitting alone at lunch and he and some of the rugby boys came over to me and started instigating."
"I know, Da," John sighed. "It'll be better to let the guys in prison take care of him," he added in a mutter.
Sherlock smiled down at his fiancé. "I guess we should get you ready for school, yeah?" He grabbed John's hand and led him out of the bedroom towards the adjoining bathroom.
- tight little arse..." His breathing was rapid and his strokes frantic as he felt himself closing in.
"Well..." John looked up at Sherlock and he knew he couldn't hide it. He hadn't thought their announcement would happen like this, but it was too late now. "Sherlock, um...proposed. And I said yes."
John pursed his lips. Of course, no surprise there. "Well,whatever. I don't have to drink anything to have fun." He looked up at Sherlock, smiling. "And we'll get to dance again, just like your birthday party."
Sherlock looked back at the two of them talking and chuckled, "looks like your father's back in the game, yeah?" he said and nodded towards them.
John chuckled, his breath hot on Sherlock's skin. He kept working the one spot, leaning back just enough to peek at the bright red patch of skin, then readjusting himself to find another empty place. One hand moved to Sherlock's knee, but didn't travel any farther.
John slowly became more comfortable with talking to Mrs. Holmes as he saw how sweet and kind she was. And the food got better with each bite he took. They never ate anything this good at home. Some days they didn't eat at all. It was nice to have a full stomach for once. Slowly but surely John was feeling more and more at home.
Sherlock thought as his lover continued to tease him. "At least take off your shirt?" He murmured as he arched up into John's mouth. "Please?"
"Neither can I." John paused for a moment, wondering if he should mention anything. It was kind of a girly notion, but deep in his heart he really believed it. "Would you think it was completely silly to call us...soulmates?"
Sherlock smiled and pulled John in for a kiss, "I'm sorry for scaring you, I must have gotten dehydrated with all the dancing." He smirked and winked at the other boy, pulling him down so he was sitting on the edge of the bed.
John squeezed his eyes shut against the tears. He clung to Sherlock, trying to calm himself. This wasn't good, not for either of them. After a little while, he had gotten himself under control, wiping his eyes with his sleeve. But he stayed snuggled into Sherlock and kept his eyes closed. "I'm sorry..."
Sherlock grinned and handed the envelope to Mr. Watson, "You'll find in that envelope your last two weeks pay, along with a notice of your advancement. You start your new position tomorrow."
John's breath hitched and he rocked his hips ever so slightly in a way that hopefully wouldn't be noticed from under the blanket on his lap. He leaned over, resting his cheek on Sherlock's shoulder in an attempt to pretend he was sleeping. "Bastard," he muttered, voice an octave lower than usual.
Sherlock blushed, "well, I don't know about all that..." he murmured. Pulling away after a few moments, Sherlock grabbed John by the hand and led him through the field to the log. He sat down and pulled the other boy down to sit on his lap.
Sherlock shook his leg impatiently on the whole ride to John's flat, checking his watch every few seconds. When they finally arrived he allowed the driver to open the door for him and stepped out, brushing the wrinkles out of the front of his suit jacket. He made his way up the stairs and took a deep breath before knocking on the door.
"Is it good that he came to a decision so quickly?" Mrs. Holmes asked, her voice a bit choked. After seeing her son in such distress, she had cried as well. Ms. Rodin shrugged, "It can be good, or it can be bad... I have a good feeling about it though."
"Sebastian and Sherlock," John answered. "I managed to get between them and asked what was happening."
John blinked, trying to keep up with what Mr. Holmes was saying. He was completely exhausted, and chances were that Sherlock wouldn't wake up if he just took a little nap. Finally, he relented. "All right, I guess I'll sleep." He rubbed his eyes, forcing himself to stay awake just until the bed came. Really he wanted to sleep in the same bed with Sherlock, but he was still hooked up to too many wires and John didn't want to detach anything by accident.
"You're not an idiot," Sherlock murmured and cracked a smile before slowly opening his eyes. He looked over at John, "Hey, love," he said softly.
"Oh...oh, God!" John groaned and bit into one of Sherlock's pillows. Sherlock's tongue was barely touching him and already he could feel how warm and wet it was. He couldn't help himself, and lifted his hips enough to wrap a hand around his cock, stroking slowly.
Sherlock swallowed as fast as John came, moaning as he finished down his throat. Once his lover was done, he licked him clean and pulled up his pants and trousers for him as he stood.
"I can promise you that," Sherlock whispered and kissed John again firmly before collapsing fully on top of him and groaning. "God... I wish we had our own place. Then I could have sex with you anytime and anywhere I wanted to."
When John was deep enough to graze his prostate again, he whimpered and pulled him even closer so they could lock lips again. "Oh God,
John was smiling a little, as Sherlock's deductions always made him do. "Fantastic," he said. Mr. Watson looked confused, but nodded slowly.
Sherlock smiled brightly in return, looking down at what was possibly the most beautiful sight he'd ever seen. John simply glowed in the early morning sunlight and he stroked a hand down his cheek. "Good morning, John," he murmured and placed a soft kiss on his lips.
Sherlock turned to face John, tears still in his eyes. "Can I? I mean... I don't want to be an imposition..." He bit his lip and looked down at their hands.
John let Mr. Holmes help him into the bed and his head had hardly hit the pillow before he closed his eyes. He was nearly asleep when he felt like he had forgotten something. Forcing his eyes open, he reached over to Sherlock's bed, taking his hand and holding it tightly before he finally let himself fall asleep.
John laughed and returned the embrace. "After I write a novel and go to the moon." He poked his tongue out at Sherlock, then wiggled away, floating on his back.
They arrived at John's flat minutes later and Sherlock told his brother to go ahead and leave. He made his way up the stairs and knocked on the door, holding his breath.
Sherlock grinned and hopped on the bike behind John, wrapping his arms around the shorter boy and pressing a kiss to the back of his neck. "I remember the first time we were in this position... I had to keep myself from lowering my hands," he chuckled and scratched his nails along John's stomach.
About halfway down the aisle, he made eye contact with John and smiled. John looked gorgeous, his hair slicked back and a perfectly tailored suit on. He tried to ignore the whispers of the guests as he walked, but caught pieces of them. Things like: 'so handsome', 'lucky to have each other' and the occasional 'how long until the reception?'
John hummed a little, the vibrations of his bike doing nothing to help. "It takes one to know one, love." He turned back slightly, reaching up to card a hand through Sherlock's hair once before turning forward again. He pulled out of the car park and started off for his flat.
John was just coming down the hall when he saw his teammates all circled around something...No someone! They were about to beat someone up. He dropped his things and ran over, pushing his way through the group. "Hey! Stop it, mates. What are you doing?" Finally he made it to the space between the captain, Sebastian Moran, and a tall skinny boy with a mop of dark curls cringing against the wall. "Moran, what's going on here?" he asked, trying to get him to put down his arm.
John was about to say something when Sherlock's mother came out to bring them into the dining room. He sighed and took Sherlock's arm, giving it an extra squeeze as they went inside.
Sherlock smiled sadly at his fiancé, "well... you at least don't have to worry about me drinking. I don't see the point in getting all knackered and waking up sick the next day." He nuzzled behind John's ear and kissed his neck, "you can just focus on me... I'll do my best to..." he nipped the other boy's earlobe," keep your attention."
"Gladly, husband," Sherlock said and winked down at John. He carried him through the house and off to the bedroom. Then, he laid his husband down on the bed gently and straddled his hips. He leaned down and kissed the other man deeply, taking his time and really enjoying it.
John rode to school alone on his bike, already wishing the school day was over. At least there were only a few days til the weekend, and he could spend the whole two days with Sherlock. Though he did sort of hope his father would call soon. It wasn't that he didn't like living with Sherlock, it was fabulous. But he wanted to make amends, and he really wanted his father to get to know the boy he loved.
John panted, slumping backwards as he tried to collect himself. He kissed Sherlock back, able to taste himself on those lips. When Sherlock pulled away, John wrapped his arms around the other boy and held him close. "Shit, Sherlock. You are amazing."
By lunch he was pretty hungry and he grabbed a tray, sitting down with Sherlock when he found him. "You really need to eat more than that," he said at the sight of the apple. "Have some chips at least, they made them pretty well today." He passed his tray halfway to Sherlock. "How was class?"
Once he had gotten his plate, John dug in with gusto. He looked over to Sherlock and frowned before getting an idea. He took his fork and speared some of Sherlock's food, lifting it to his mouth. "Open up, darling," he said.
Sherlock jumped at the touch of John's lips to his, eyes popping open, still unseeing, and he scooted back until he was backed up against the log. He pulled his knees to his chest and buried his face in them much like he did the other day.
John didn't like the way the doctor had spoken. He didn't like the way that the doctor took Mr. Holmes aside. He didn't like the look on his face. Mr. Watson looked at John and could read his thoughts exactly. He bent to hug his son and smoothed a hand over his hair. "I'm sure everything is fine," he said. But John just buried his face in his father's shoulder and tried not to think about anything but seeing Sherlock's face again. Eyes open and smiling. Saying his name.
John held the glasses in his hands and raised an eyebrow as he watched Sherlock open the bottle. "Pulling out all the stops, eh?" he said with a smirk. This was probably the most fancy occasion that he had ever been to before. He certainly had never had champagne before. And suddenly he was nervous.
Sherlock kissed John back with fervor and groaned in frustration when he pulled away. The ride to his house was torture, the vibrations of the motor doing nothing to help Sherlock's... condition.
John nodded in agreement. "I told him to get out. And, uh...kind of told him that I'd be able to take him down since he didn't have the rest of the rugby team with him." He'd almost forgotten about that. That made him seem like he was provoking him.
"Yes it is, I was so excited to be able to dance with you again and... show you off... that I didn't think of how much seeing all these drunk people would affect you. I'm so sorry..." Sherlock lifted John's head and kissed him softly on the lips. "I can call Myc to come get us," he murmured against the other boy's lips.
John spent his Sunday doing chores around the flat and laughing at the various texts that Sherlock sent him about the guests at the brunch. He couldn't help the feeling of inferiority setting in again. Sherlock was at the same table with the PM, and John wasn't going to even have dinner tonight. He sighed as he vacuumed the flat, his last chore for the day.
"The only downside to this outfit is that I'm going to have to beat people with a stick to keep their hands off of you." John snaked his arms around Sherlock's neck. "I'll have the sexiest date at the party."
John blushed a bit and faced forward, but he settled a hand on Sherlock's leg. "Right. Sorry." He told Mycroft how to get to the flat and soon they were pulling up on the street outside. He was a bit embarrassed for Mycroft to even see the outside of it. Sherlock was one thing, but he didn't know how Mycroft would feel about his lower status.
"Relax... I was just teasing you, love." Sherlock smiled and bent down to kiss John on the cheek as he pulled his pants on. "We don't have to talk about her if you don't want to."
"Yes, close your eyes, pretend it's me." John pulled his trousers and boxers down to his knees, still stroking with one hand. "I want you to stick them in deep. You have nice long fingers, do you know that? They're fucking perfect." He stacked his hands one on top of the other, making a tight hole which he started to thrust into. "
John sighed and made a disappointed sound. "Alright. Goodnight, Sherlock." He was pretty tired too. Plus, the sooner they went to sleep, the sooner they could be together again.
Sherlock swallowed a lump in his throat and nodded, "I care about him too... More than anyone," he looked at John lying in the hospital bed and then back to his father. "I'm very much in love with your son, Mr. Watson. He means everything to me and he has saved me twice since we have met... I'm just sorry I wasn't there to do the same for him," he ended in a whisper and felt tears coming to his eyes. He walked slowly over to the bed and took John's hand in his, kissing the back of it and lifting it to his cheek.
John hugged Sherlock back, holding him tightly. He seemed to be back to himself, though he was still terribly upset. So John sat with him, rubbing his back and whispering soothingly to him. "It's alright, Sherlock. I'm here. I'm not going anywhere, love. I love you." He just knew that this had something to do with what he had done to make Sherlock upset in the first place. What had he been saying? Being ashamed of him? That must be it. But why would Sherlock think he was ashamed? John would have to wait until he calmed down to find out.
John was glad to finally be able to hug Sherlock and he held him tightly as soon as he was over. He listened and nodded firmly after Ms. Rodin had spoken and gave her a quick 'thank you' as she was leaving.
"Oh, hey, sexy thing. Ya ran off 'fore I coul' get ya numbah." John recoiled at the stench of alcohol on her and shook his head, moving on to someone else. But the whole dance floor seemed to smell like booze. Was everyone here that drunk or was it just his sensitivity to it that made it seem so bad?
John was sleeping peacefully, warmly snuggled with Sherlock. The loss of heat made him flip over a little, but he stayed asleep. And then, the most beautiful sound reached his ears. His dreams turned to visions of him and Sherlock together and happy, without a care in the world, the violin music a soundtrack. He smiled and nuzzled his face into a pillow.
Once John had enough, he spread it over his fingers and then reached down between Sherlock's legs and under him. He circled one finger around his entrance and pushed in, pumping slowly for a little before adding a second. He knew Sherlock must be having trouble trying to stay quiet and he kissed him to muffle his sounds.
When the dishes were done, John took Sherlock's hand and brought him back to his room. "Would you want kids, Sherlock?" he asked. It was something he hadn't really thought about before, but now that he was with a boy, the process would be a bit more difficult.
"Well it's not like I saw Moran and then left. I had no idea that he and Mary even talked," John said, feeling a bit defensive, and more guilty. He had been stupid to leave Sherlock like that.
The increased stimulation that came with John's hands running across his skin pushed Sherlock that much closer to the edge. "John... Oh, John...
John hummed softly, wrapping his arms around Sherlock's waist. "Much as I would love to darling, my father will get suspicious if I start spending every night at your house. But here." He opened the compartment on his bike and grabbed a scrap of paper and a pen. He scribbled down his phone number and handed it to Sherlock. "You can text me all night if you like," he said with a wink.
Sherlock smiled against John's skin, "we can't make that a habit, your father might get suspicious," he murmured. He raised up and straddled his lover's hips, "good morning to you, too by the way," he said and leaned down to kiss the other boy on the lips.
Sherlock moaned softly into the kiss, so overtaken by the love in it that he felt like he was drowning. A good kind of drowning though, and John was there to keep him grounded. He pulled away after a while with a gasp and rested their foreheads together. Not a word was said, because nothing could ever come close enough to express how much he loved John. He slid down until he was lying flat on his back with his lover straddling him.
Sherlock let all his tears out and after a few more minutes he pulled back and rested his forehead against John's. "Thank you," he whispered and leaned forward to kiss him.
Sherlock chuckled and joined him on the bike, "It's nothing to be embarrassed about, love. After all, it's only natural since the chemistry between us is so..." he leaned close and breathed hotly in John's ear, "electrifying."
me. Again... and again... And I..." He couldn't speak anymore, just held John close and screwed his eyes shut, trying to focus on his fiance's words and soothing touches.
"Well, we better do it as much as we can while we're still young," Sherlock groaned. He felt himself hurtling towards the end and rolled his hips faster. "C-close, John..." he breathed.
John bit his lip a little. He hadn't told his father the exact reason why he'd been attacked by Moran. "It's not your fault, Sherlock, it's mine," he said quickly, trying to recover. "I pushed my luck with him, so he got angry. It wouldn't be the first time that I pushed someone to the limit, eh, Da?"
Sherlock's mother took his hand and looked at the ring, smiling back up at him, "simply beautiful," she said softly. Sherlock's father put a hand on his shoulder, "I'd like to have a little talk with you, son. You don't mind if I borrow him for a few minutes, do you John?" Mr. Holmes smiled and put his arm around Sherlock leading him away.
John looked up at him in surprise. He didn't think that Sherlock would pick now to unveil the fact that they were engaged. But then he smiled and nodded. "Sure. Would you like to do the honours?"
John couldn't help rolling his eyes a bit as Sherlock spoke French to the cabbie, but that was what happened when you had a genius for a husband. He had to admit, it was helpful since he didn't know a lick of French. They rode for about twenty minutes and then pulled up outside of a house. John turned to Sherlock with a raised eyebrow.
They laid in bed talking and exchanging kisses until Sherlock heard John's stomach growl. "Uh oh," he said and grinned at the other boy, "somebody's hungry." He slid down and placed soft kisses all along John's stomach. "I think we need to feed you."
Sherlock gradually started working John harder and could feel his own cock twitch at the look and sound of his husband. He let out a soft groan of his own and bit his lip. He alternated between twisting his wrist and swiping his thumb over John's slit as he tried to bring him to completion.
Sherlock chuckled, "you don't have to do that, love," he said and hugged John tighter. "I don't want you spending your money on me when it could be saved for Uni." He smiled and kissed his lover on the forehead.
John smirked, shivers running down his spine. He let go of Sherlock's arse so he could smack it. "Even if I punish you, I have a feeling you won't learn your lesson," he said, with another spank. He moved his lips to Sherlock's neck, biting down on the pale skin.
Sherlock leaned down to kiss his lover deeply, "I'm here, love... We're both here together and we're going to be okay now." He cupped John's cheek again and smiled down at him.
Sherlock was happy John seemed to enjoy it, this field was one of his favourite places. There was a fallen log that he had found a few years ago and fashioned into a bench on the far end of the field and the entire ground was covered in wildflowers of every color.
After a few moments, Sherlock began to thrust faster and panted as he threw his head back. "N-now... Oh
When John locked their lips together, Sherlock kissed back hungrily. He lifted one of his hands to grasp the back of his lover's head and bring him closer.
John grinned and returned the kiss. "You're quite welcome." He went to get some more shampoo, quickly lathering and rinsing. Once he was done, he turned back to Sherlock with a smile. "Ready?"
"I love you, too, Sherlock," he said, voice deep but quiet. He slowly thrust into Sherlock, not wanting to go too hard as he knew it would probably hurt being this was the first time.
It was all John could do to keep from tackling him to the ground and choking him. He stood calmly, as tall as he could, and stared up defiantly at Sebastian. "You lay one finger on him and you'll find out exactly how it feels to be on the other side of one of your 'lessons'," he said, voice low. He was right on the edge of losing it. If Sebastian made one wrong move...
John shifted on Sherlock as they kissed, so lost in their shared emotions that he forgot everything else but himself and Sherlock, together. He slipped his hands under Sherlock, around his neck to help pull him up a little to meet him. He let his tongue glide over Sherlock's lips and then into his mouth, feeling the familiar lines and crevices of his lover.
Sherlock kissed back tenderly, cupping John's face and stroking his cheek with his thumb. He pulled away after a few moments and smiled, "you are amazing," he sighed.
!" With one last hit on his sweet spot, John was coming, spilling out all over his hand and the sheets beneath him.
John turned angry for a moment. Had someone attacked Sherlock? He didn't look hurt. But then it clicked. Someone had attacked him, but before they had met. Sherlock must have had a flashback, especially after his nightmares and being tired. He reached up to wipe Sherlock's tears and kissed him gently. "You don't have to talk about it, but you don't have to go through it alone." He wrapped his arms around the other boy and pulled him in.
"Sherlock...I'm not a virgin, but I don't know anything about having sex with a boy," he said quietly, face flushed. "Can we...work up to the real thing?" John hoped that Sherlock wouldn't be hurt by this. He did want to do something with him, but he felt like they should wait on full sex for the time being.
John smiled as he kissed Sherlock back, more than happy to oblige his request. He slicked his fingers as they kissed, not even needing to look as he reached between his husband's legs and teased his entrance open. He pushed one finger in, groaning in anticipation as he felt how tight Sherlock was.
Sherlock groaned softly and bit his lip, trying to keep as quiet as possible. He braced one hand back on the bed and reached his other one forward to run his fingers through John's short, blonde hair. "Please..." he whispered and closed his eyes.
John took the controller in hand and looked it over. "Bit different from my day. The last home console I had was an NES." Sherlock was right, John had no chance now.
"Right." John approached a girl, realising that she was one of the ones who had cornered him before. "Uh, have you seen Sherlock?"
