Four days ago team Methos had been tracking this cell of Boko Haram in connection with a bombing that had taken place at a known tourist market when they where hit by a roadside bomb. The led humvee of John and Voltaire, had suffered the most damage. The second with Cardinal, Pope, and Bishop and all the medical supplies had faired much better with most of the team emerging with only minor injuries. Voltaire had not been as lucky.
"Aside from the fact that they both hate me? No idea. I have yet to find the connection. Need more data. What we need is another truth or dare."
"I do."
“We only want the scientist. Give him to us and we’ll let you go.” The heavy Russian accent echoed off the walls.
"No, not you, " A voice echoed off the millions of red bricks from some where off in the darkness. "Tall and thin, pale. Not golden like the other one." The man's voice was a drawl, each word too long, too breathy.
"No. He's...like an animal that's tasted blood. He's had you, so to speak. And he wants more. To finish what he started." Sherlock seemed to have trouble explaining the whole thing as if it where distasteful. "John, won't you just..."
The challenge made John smile. He dripped lube in a hasty fashion before he gripped Sherlock’s hips with harsh fingers digging into flesh and watched as his cock slid into the tight ring of muscles taking him, holding him in a tight grip of mind numbing pleasure. John’s body bowed and shook above Sherlock.
“Yes.” Sherlock gave a pretty smile.
Lestrade's voice, broke through Sherlock's mind palace walls, bringing him sharply back to Barker St. John blinked awake and held his head up as well.
"Off you pop." Sherlock returned John's smile, with a pretty one of his own.
"No. God no, it's hard to explain. Just don't stand in their way when the other ones concerned."
"And so they had information that gave them the upper hand."
John gave the signal for silence as they stepped into a brightly lit hallway of hermetically sealed labs passing them at the other end of the hall they descended a set of metal stairs into a sub basement with six cell doors on either side. The smell on this level was instantly terrifying to John, it was the smell of death. John made the signal for Moran to go right, and he took the left. They checked the door seals for any visible traps finding none they kicked the doors in and cleared the first two rooms. John's first cell he found a man small and diminutive laying in the fetal position on the floor, John felt for a pulse, the man was alive. Good enough. Time to move on. The next cell was empty just like the two that Moran had cleared on the opposite side. John had extracted more hostages then he could remember and breached more rooms as team leader then anyone else on Methos, but in this frozen moment his heart paused and his breath held still in his lungs dreading each step forward and anticipating them in equal measures. Deep breath. John cleared the next door and had to fight down the heave that rose to his throat. His heart bust back to life like a panicked jack hammer as he inspected what was left of the body for identifying dark curls, he found none, this poor soul had clearly been used as a test subject. John paused for a second wondering if maybe they had been exposed to the chemical, but dismissed the thought just as quickly. They would be dead already. The next cell was empty too, just as all of Moran's had been, the next held more horrors, this man had been executed. It was all John could do to hold his composer and stay upright on wobbly legs. Last door. Empty.
John didn’t approach immediately he studied the man before him. John wondered how raw and frazzled his nerves must be, considering his own truly fucked mental state. They had been through much in the past seventy two hours.
“Fair enough. I have something for you.” Cardinal handed Sherlock an envelope that was too heavy and uneven to be  a simple note. “My mobile number is in your phone. Let’s hope you never need to use it.” She gave Sherlock another appraising head to toe sweep seemingly satisfied by what she saw her mouth kicked up at the corner. She left somehow silently on stiletto heels. Sherlock went to the window and watched her become part of the night.
"Studying something else right now." Sherlock kissed and John giggled.
“I’m sure I don’t Mr. Moriarty.” Sherlock felt formality was the best approach with his man.
"I like them all very much and to be completely honest, the girls are my favorites."
You're headed in the direction of the Sarin?
"Next question." His voice sounded a little strangled.
John looked out in time to see the explosions of the convoy below. Love and madness.
John led the way to a spacious bedroom with a beamed ceiling and four floor to ceiling pained windows.
"John." Calm, but firm.
"Cores he did. Why would he not. Where's Sherlock now?" Lestrade, was weary.
"Answer it."
”A complete and total besotted prik?”
"I don't see how." Irene responded, Sherlock was already retreating into his mind to find the connection between Greyson, and Thomas.
“That’s an excellent suggestion on your part Dr. Watson.  I wouldn’t want my brother in harms way because of your carelessness.” Mycroft’s face was pinched and growing agitated.
You sound like a man obsessed.
“Oh just me testing the Queens Kevlar. I’m fine. Really. Now get me in touch with team Silas. I want this whole thing wrapped from start to finish in 12 hours or less.”
"And now? Can we make it right now?" John was terrified of Sherlock's answer.
“And what exactly is it you’d have me stop doing Sherlock?”
*”There the traveller meets, aghast,
"So he can hate me for making him choose?" Sherlock was frantic.
"John...everyone knows." The line was silent for a moment.
One question.
“You Dr. Watson are over confident.” Mycroft refused to be rattled simply because this man was an elite killer.
"I think they mean you." Sherlock said with a beautiful smile.
Keep your head down.
“Well let’s go then.” Sally was already on her feet with a wide smile.
"That's 21."
Out in the crisp night air Sherlock lit a cigarette, took a long pull, and passed it to Irene.
"If you think I'm going to let you go after this...this butcher on your own you're madder then I thought." John was tired and his side hurt and just wanted Sherlock to take off that damn perfect suit of his and come back to bed. But John, knew better. And in truth, he also knew he was being unreasonable. "I'm coming with you."
"It's a closed practice, and I want you off my pitch."
“The Magpie is here.” This was the name John had given Moriarty shortly after meeting him, saying that the man was twitchy and disturbing like the clever bird.
17. How do you feel in this very second?
“Permanent commitments. Mmm.” Sherlock raised an eyebrow and asked softly a hint of worry creeping into his voice. “John are you a virgin?”
“Fully fueled and ready when you are. You’re a madman. Good luck J.”
1. What do you find attractive in a woman?
"It's the only way to get our hands on the uranium. They won’t hurt him. They need him.”
“So that leaves us right back at square one. Me trying to get you into the path of John Watson. The wheel turns and nothing is ever new.” Smoke hovered in the air between them.
“Oh dear God! Dose anyone else feel like we’re right back at the beginning of this story! Sherlock it’s been years, you said so yourself, if there was ever anything to forgive in John’s eyes he’s past it now.”
Sherlock moaned low into John's mouth as their kiss became a firestorm. Both being drawn into the blaze, caught up in the current. Clothing seemed to burn away. Once naked John rubbed his harsh stubble cheek over Sherlock's pale skin, leaving a trail of pink across his chest down his abdomen to the edge of dark curls. Sherlock yielded his body to John's desire and skill. And oh what skill it was. John left Sherlock smoldering over and over one well pleased kiss away from inferno.
“Fine. So is this how things are going to go while he’s gone? One of you dropping in every so often to look in on me?”
Irene rolled her eyes and stared after John's back."And that's why I like girls."
"So basically a cover charge."
File:Ruskin Park, Lambeth, London -covered walkway-24March2012.jpg
“I expected as much. I’ll keep this short, I’ve got intel. Can we meet?”
“At your service J. Over.”
“Sherlock Holmes.”
“Make certain that he gets it. I’m ready.” Sherlock walked right past a very confused Voltaire with a hurried Bishop and Pope behind.
"The fact that you think the things I want to do to you can be defined in clinical terms."
Sherlock set the lab on fire twice. He tried to tell himself that the mint green smoke he'd made had nothing to do with John Watson, but there was no point in lying to oneself.  Lapis blue eyes that danced between sapphire and midnight made thinking clearly a struggle. Some how Sherlock managed to get through the rest of the day without causing anymore damage.  He started towards the pitch and had to force himself to slow down. He felt silly for being so eager. Sherlock had always thought of himself as a man of science and reason. But then he laid eyes on John out there on the pitch running, wind in his hair, number 9 emblazoned on a jersey that seemed molded to his chest and the strength of his thighs...
“Aegean!” Sherlock blurted out triumphantly at the same time he burst through the double doors of Mycroft’s office.
"I have questions. 20, to be exact." Sherlock was smooth and calm. Outwardly. Inside he was a tangle of long lost and intriguing things that only John could help him redefine.
~The Circle Will Go Around Five Times~
“You and Erebus are more then enough. I want this as quick and clean as possible.”
“Well, well, well. Isn’t this a turn up. I wasn't expecting you." The grin Thomas gave Sherlock was positivity slimy. “Do come in little lamb." Thomas made a flourish as he ushered Sherlock in.
“Yes. Why yes that’s me.” He didn’t say another word just quietly gazed out the window. Sherlock could relate. “Where are you headed?” He asked after a time.
"But it was obvious that Dr. Harlow, and the coroner's were working together and I should have seen the puncture mark behind the ear, They have been killing patients and selling organs on the black market for years and I missed it! I missed it and I'm stupid." Sherlock was almost whining he was so distressed by his mistake.
“Hello.” They smile at each other.
“Now?” John paused for a moment to enjoy the picture of pent up desire in front of him. “Now I plan on deconstructing you and fucking you speechless.”
John’s cheeked huffed and he blew out a breath running a hand over his face, dangerously close to yet another unrequited erection.
“Hardly. In light of new developments, I felt another brief visit was in order.”
"Probably."
"So. Forever then." Sherlock kissed him again, and let his hand wonder.
“Silas copy. Over.”
"Sherlock, we had to keep an officer on your grave!" Lestrade was more then a little upset with the newly alive detective.
"Not. I was just trying to provide motivation."
“Cardinal.” John spoke toward the speaker in the center of the table.
Sherlock stopped just inside the temple just out of John’s reach. He was dressed in a black kurta that he wore with causal regal bearing. This...this impossible beauty...this relentless madman...was the last thing John had expected to find here. But find him he had and dear God how he loved this man.
"Oh bloody fine." Sherlock sat his glass down closed his eyes, stuck out his tongue and tilted his head back as if that would help. John laughed softly and places the tips of his fingers under Sherlock's up turned chin trying to help him reach. Sherlock opened his eyes and held John's stare, closing his mouth and bring his head back down. Their eye contact was dangerous, and John could see Sherlock's Adam's apple bob nervously. John's hand stayed in place just a second longer than necessary. His thumb brushed Sherlock's jawline and then it was gone. Sherlock sucked in a somewhat ragged breath and looked down into his glass.
”J, there are clearly dangerous forces at work here.”
I do.
A knock at the door broke Sherlocks considerations.
“How much time do I have?” John was on his feet, his asset struggled a bit to do the same, and began to redress himself.
"Thomas Shipton, is a basterd and a fool. Now get some rest Sherlock Holmes, and I'll come look in on you tomorrow."
"Bloody hell Sherlock! Don't be shy then." John nearly choked to death on the spot.
"You know Johnny boy, you're right. No really you are, and I'm certain hell would be far preferable to what you have in mind, but it's a risk I'm willing to take. Because you see if your not there to bear witness to the excruciating touted and death of the man you love, really what's the point? Oh don't look so shocked it's known far and wide that the doctor loves the detective not so sure about the other way round though."
“Hello, there Dr. Watson.” Irene offered a pretty red lipped smile. “Always a look of mild disappointment. Oh don’t fret, he’ll be right back.”
“You shouldn’t.”
Sherlock ran into John who was rushing between classes. They hungrily grabbed each other and snogged in a doorway for a good five minutes before breaking apart to smile between small kisses.
“Is ugly, I know and I’m sure you don’t want the things you’ve done we've done getting out and hurting the people you care about. So...let’s you and I together make sure that never happens. I need...well in a word, you. So...”
So a few things before we get started. 2.14 stone, is 30lbs. Just in case you didn't know. I didn't know. And the song Sherlock dances to is "Come Back For Me." By James Young. I highly recommend listening to it. Now lets make things right, if you will.
"Let me see him." The muscle in Johns jaw worked frantically.
John wasn’t sure if Lestrade had picked up on what he and Sherlock really were or if he was just fishing. He was after all a detective Inspector and Sherlock had given him some credit. John ventured a guess.
“You’re not leaving here with him.” Said the tall burly Russian in a thick accent with a Sig Sauer, pointed at Sherlock’s heart and his arm around Sherlock’s neck, his head ducked right up against Sherlock’s curls in an effort not to get shot.
“Maybe if I loved you less I could talk about it more.”  That one was true, but not romantic in the lest.
"So, no back and forth? " Sherlock waved a hand between them both.
“Now, if someone would be so kind as to tell me where we can locate your leader, the sooner this can all be a distant memory.”
“With pleasure. But first, a proper hello.” John didn’t move but gestured for Sherlock to come to him. He did half laying on John’s reclined form and half on the sofa, John wrapped an arm around the slim waistline and pulled Sherlock close. The first brush of their lips was like relief.  They sighed into each other in the slow exploration of mouths and tongues . John reached up and twined his fingers into Sherlock’s curls, pressing his palm to the back of his skull. Slow and exploratory was turning into hot and desperate. All that their relationship boiled down to. Need. A need that felt like it could never, ever be filled.
John heaved himself to a standing position and ripped off the life saving kevlar vest. No one ever talked about the pain that was left from the impact of the bullets. Kevlar could only do so much and a 9 mm round was nothing to play with. The bruising and cracked ribs. Fuck. But John had no time to dwell on that now. Now, he needed to get Sherlock back. Methos, and Salis could worry about the uranium.
"I have. It was a song, back in secondary school."
"Why are you crying?"
"What the fuck!" Lestrade was ferious. "What the actual fuck John?"
"Wake up!" John dashed the cold water in Trevor's face. His eyes flew wide and he began to struggle all at once.
“Brilliant. I could use a bit of the finer things right now.”
John let his hands travel Sherlock’s narrow waist feeling the warmth of the sinewy muscles of his back move under his touch he ran his hands down to the small of his back up to his shoulder blades and then retraced his hands along the path they had taken. John sighed and pulled away again, this time out of arms reach. Sherlock looked bemused.
Sherlock stared openly at John. His John, dressed in full camo and oh dear God he’d grown a beard! Sherlock felt his knees wobble and then he started babbling.
“Sherlock please do try to be a little less dramatic. I’m not trying to kill anyone. I’m not responsible for the opts he’s assign and half the time SAS work is so clandestine that no one even gives them orders. They are on their own. But he will die Sherlock it’s only a matter of time. Men like Dr. Watson, are not retired. He’ll go the way all men do. And when he dose, you’ll be broken.”
"And Trevor arranged his kidnapping?"
And lastly, when I started writing this it had very little direction. But now I can see more clearly were it's headed, so please keep an eye out for additional tags. Homophobia, homophobic language and possible mild violence.
John, looked down at the man on the floor.
“I don’t have your deductive skills but I’d bet short rugby build SAS Operative, was not on your wish list.”
-Don’t be dull woman!-
"Let's never go back to Russia."
The auction was set up to take place in the main hall of the museum amid the grandeur of Pharaohs. Like everyone else Johns mobile was taken and replaced with a program and an unlocked cell. The program provided a lot number and a picture of each terrifying item up for bid. Bids were to be made on the cell to the pre-programmed number. At the end of bidding if you were the lucky winner you would be sent a time date and location with an accompanying bank account routing number.
"Oh John don't be silly, I am happy. I have you." The words where meant to sound causal and lighthearted. But to John they were profound. To John they meant that everything he wanted for Sherlock was right there in him. His mind spun with possibly.  John chose his next question with care.
"Yes." Again, there was no space between ask and answer. Silent tears rolled over classic cheekbones.
John looked at the clock above the bar for the bezillonth time and  went back to watching his teammates enjoying their win, drunk laughing and singing and wished he were somewhere else. With someone else. With Sherlock. After talking with Irene it had been hard to come to the pub and celebrate, yet as team captain he had a duty to his mates, and so he sat. But some how every thought led back to the gorgeous young man and how much John wanted to simply be with him. In his presence. This thing between them it felt like...madness. To think of Sherlock made John's heart ache in the most beautiful way. It felt like...oh God. Oh fuck.
“You do just that then. As I’m certain that you’ve already run to your uncle on John’s behalf. I came to hear you say the words, to admit to me that you did all this as a way to get rid of all the people that you deam unfit, unworthy, or some how wrong. But know this Thomas, you are one of us. You are the very thing you loath, and your propositioning me only proves it further.”
"I've known you since we were nine. I'm willing to bet there isn't anything I don't know about you and the other way round, and I know this isn't like anything else. If I'm being honest, I was pretty sure you were done and off the pull for good."
Sherlock still panting smiled, because no matter how board John may have sounded, there was no mistaking the raging erection filling out his black cargo pants.
John went back in and was greeted by his asset, bearly holding himself up on the door frame yet dressed in coat, boots and ready to go. John hated that he had to move the man so soon, but there would be more Russian’s coming and John wanted his man safely away from harm. John, grabbed his go bag and his asset, wrapping his arm around a narrow waist and half carrying him to the Land Rover, out back. Time to relocate.
“Good, everyone’s here.” Herbinger, began. “Let’s hammer out the details and get to work. Mr. Holmes...”
"I have never...wanted anything the way I want you. But I will not touch you until you give me permission." John was solemn.
15. Do you have a type?
"Corse he's got a name John, everyone has a name." Sherlock rolled his eyes. Now it was his turn to be exasperated.
“I care fuck all about general consensus! So let me suggest that you acclimatize yourself to the new normal yeah? Now if we could crack on there’s a black market organ dealer I need to see to.”
“J...”
"No." Flat. Angry.
John took in this information with a nod, and made a mental note to smell his cologne later.
"Because you needed me to." Sherlock sucked in a shocked little breath, and John could almost see the look of indignation on his face. "How did it feel when I kissed you?"
Sherlock looked at him with confused annoyance. “I was expecting you.” John half thought he was going to say “duh” afterwards. “When are we leaving?” He pressed.
"Did you see me out there?"
"Just yes? No yes I like this or that, just yes. Dull." John shot  Sherlock a glance to see if he knew that John was doing an impression of him. But of course he did. Clever boy. John was pleased and grinned.
"Yes." John answered without opening his eyes.
“I finally have your package. Sorry it took so long.”
"So, here we are." John turned from the storm outside the window and made an attempt to defuse the less than favorable situation they found themselves in. He knew that a frustrated caged Sherlock was not the man he wanted to be trapped with for the next however many days this storm had planned.
"But..."
Sherlock sat in the echo for a moment pissed that he hadn't gotten a cigarette before Irene had made her grand exit.
No one gets away with hurting John Watson. At least not for long.
"We have to stop." John's chest heaved, his whole body felt taunt and hot, his arms shook from trying to keep his body aloft for fear that contact would be his undoing.
"I'd like to now." John's voice was low.
Berlin
THE BIDDING WILL BEGAN IN FIVE MINUTES. PLEASE SETTLE. FIVE MINUTES.
“The same. Business with Haakon.” John took a drink as the tray passed.
"You are the silence in the mayhem." Sherlock sounded relieved.
"He was going after Sherlock. His back was turned.  What was I supposed to do?" John looked innocent.
Helloo. The Cold East Wind here. Welcome to my first Uni AU. I wanted to give a little aside before we head to class. John and Sherlock are 26 and 21, respectively. I like to keep the age gap.
“Please...please please just...just...leave.” The words were shaky and barely audible.
Yes Love.
John didn't know why but the thought of Sherlock contemplating Priest made him uneasy. Priest had not been one of his finer moments and had been a bad decision on every level. But Sherlock was right, he did have a weakness for beauty. Their relationship if you could call it that, had been significant only because they had worked closely together and the violent break up had effected his whole team, that being said...the sex had been in a word crazy. Passionate and demanding almost brutal, but love? No. John had never loved Priest and had never questioned the younger mans feeling for him. In hind sight perhaps he should have. John had known from the start that Priest was dangerous. He was irreverent stubborn and headstrong.  At first John had seen these as attractive moldable qualities, every member of Methos had their dark side, that's what made them all so very lethal. But Priest had given in to his completely and was beyond redemption and so he was put off the team.  John hadn't given any thought as to what Priest had become after Methos. But given his skill set and love of violence perhaps he should have.
“Their not here yet.” John/William smiled and rose to greet him.
Thomas shook his head as if disappointed in an small child.
“Not fuckin likely Moran” John laughed. “and you’re the one who wanted to see me remember. So why am I here?”
“Jesus. Let me fuck you....fuck...Christ...let...me...”
“Done.”
Sherlock sat up. "You have an invitation to the truth or dare." It was a statement not a question.
Johns voice was gentle, but this wasn't his doctor voice, this was something new and Sherlock couldn't help but think, is this voice mine? Could there be a voice just for the person that John calls his love? And was that now me? As lovely as the thoughts were there was more pressing business to deal with right now. Sherlock needed stitches and Lestrade needed answers. Thankfully Sherlock's wound was shallow enough that John was able to stitch his chest at the crime scene, while he gave Lestrade all the details of what happened below. John had listened to Sherlock tell his story without speaking a word. Now the silent in the cab throbbed more then the pain of his chest if you had asked Sherlock. Once home Sherlock showered and changed into his flat attire (threadbare t-shirt and paper thin pajama paints) and took his chair in the sitting room. John set about making tea still silent.
”You can be removed.” Mycroft had just about had enough.
“Sorry?” Full stop.
"Sherlock, what on earth makes you think there's anything nefarious going on? I mean...I'll never not help...just tell me where all this is coming from." Irene flopped back and hung her head over the edge of the bed jet black curls pooling on the floor. Sherlock got up and crossed to the kitchenette to turn off the screaming kettle and make tea.
"Hello." John's voice was soft, his demeanor relaxed and the ocean blue of his eyes was a tranquil sea. "Ready?"
“He’s on our side J.” Mercy tried to soothe him.
“And here I thought you’d taken a vow of celibacy.” Sherlock made some airy hand motion from his back on the bed.
They were sweaty, bruised, sated and utterly alive.
The next four days were rough for the criminal classes. John worked freelance, taking out two drug lords, one member of the Yakuza, and two known terrorist. John suffered a knife wound to the shoulder but other then that he was physically fine. His mood on the other hand had only seemed to darken all the more. He needed a break.
"Hello Mercy."
"There's a man, his name is DaVallon, and you killed his lover. Your team, team Silas, captured and killed a group of terrorist in Kabul. DaVallons man was among them. He used the trafficking ring and the offer to buy Sherlock as bate. He he knew that the intrigue would draw him out. He wants to do to you what you did to him. It's that simple."
Once they slipped into Sherlock's bedroom, and down onto his lush bed, John took Sherlock in his mouth and the man fairy purred, aching his hips up to met John's mouth digging his heels into the bed whispering, pleading, praying John's name over and over, begging for release. But John would not be so kind, he pressed slick fingers into Sherlock's body, deep and rhythmic driving Sherlock mad. It was the most beautiful thing John had ever seen, Sherlock, pale skin dotted with bit marks, John's name on his swollen lips, and his cock flushed and hard against his belly. That was until Sherlock reached his long slender fingers around the thick length of Johns cock twisting and rubbing slick over the head.
“This infidel thinks we will talk!” The man closest to John’s left spoke in French.
”You shouldn't be here.” Johns's voice was hot with concern but not anger.
John watched Sherlock have a one side conversation with a cute young woman who gazed up at him with open adoration. “Yeah, he has that effect on people honey.” John could relate. Sherlock said a few words and turned her by the shoulders and shoved her in John’s general direction. She glanced back over her shoulder with a doubtful smile and stated her reluctant procession towards John which was abruptly cut off by a pretty but harsh looking woman hell bent on him. Lestrade and the others hadn’t noticed a thing and wondered off to the loo promising to return. John laughed inwardly watching the two woman about to collide it had been a while since a cat fight had broken out over him, this could be fun. But it was not to be. The mousey brunette backed down, letting the other woman over take her.
Sherlock stared at her a long moment worrying his bottom lip. "No." He left without another word.
"Well I guess we have to get those names then. Cheers."
“Déplacez-le et prenez place.” This time John spoke French and indicated the dead man.
"Who?" Sherlock yawned his question and continued his hip motion, his hands now joining his travels along Johns back and shoulders, down to his bottom, and back up to start anew.
John’s first two weeks in India, were far more eventful then he had anticipated.  For one he hadn’t thought in his first few days as an illegal pharmaceutical manufacturer and distributor, that he would find himself in a fire fight on an illegal airstrip with Moran or should he say “Doyle” by his side. But needless to say: he had.
“You know perfectly well what. Don’t play coy. Surely you didn’t come all this way just for little old me.”
"What the bloody hell does that mean?" A smile in John's voice. Sherlock found himself trying to stifle a laugh and sip scotch simultaneously with dignity, and found it was an exercise in futility. He wound up sputtering and giggling, which sent John into a fit of his own.  They spent the next couple of minutes trying and failing to right themselves and behave like adults. Finally Sherlock gained enough control to speak albeit breathless and teary eyed.
So many questions. Work?
“Careless or not it would seem that the Haakon situation garnered you some attention. Attention that I do not wished be focused on my brother.” Mycroft’s voice pitched just a little too high.
"Stop." Johns tone said there was no room for disobedience. Sherlock's feet stopped as if they where controlled by the sound of Johns voice alone. Lestrade, could say he was there the moment the tide turned between John and Sherlock. When things changed to something more. Well that was until.
Jim gave him a look but said nothing, just turned his binoculars back to the open window. John and Sherlock’s open window.
John cut the call. His team, team Methos, were never far from one another when they weren’t working together. Pope, was the exception to that rule. Always going a bit rouge. But that was fine with John, he was Cardinal’s right hand, and if she could do without him then so be it. The four of them against how ever many Russian’s there may be didn’t stand a hope in hell. Pope would have just be over kill.
Greg finally turned to look at his friend. "Maybe you just need to get him out of your system, yeah?"
Sherlock had no words, his eyes were wild his lips worked in soundless disbelief, he took two steps, four...no more he staggered, a shaking exhale was all he had to offer, he crumpled to his knees in a loose wet heep a broken thing he sobbed soul deep and mournful trembling and curling in on  himself with sorrow.
“Mycroft. Alistair. James. Holmes.” John paused while Mycroft adjusted to this new development. “There are few people above you that don’t wear an actual crown. Lucky for me those few are friends of mine.”
John shook his head. He had nearly killed him but that fact seemed less important to Sherlock then their departure date.
“Much the same really.” Sherlock said matter of factly allowing his thigh to rest against John’s.
“What I’m doing should be obvious John.” Sherlock winked and slid down John’s body.
“You’re going away.”
Sherlock opened his mouth to retort, John shook his head in the negative. Sherlock rolled his eyes violently. John suppressed a chuckle.
Sherlock woak slowly to the gray London morning his head pounded and his nose was sore. But most disappointing of all was the absence of his new doctor. He had enjoyed John Watson's company. The thought made him smile. Sherlock slid out of bed and resigned to get ready for his day.  Once showered and dressed he took one last look at his battered face in the mirror and sighed. He was purple and bruised there was nothing for it. Oh well. He didn't give a damn what people thought anyway.  Sherlock stepped out his building and was greeted by a one Miss Irene Adler. Shit.
The man holding Sherlock shoved him roughly to the ground and kicked him in his side out of the way and then began to circle John in a half crouch knife in hand held out defensively.
“Excuse me. What the hell do you mean untraceable? That’s impossible. We’re SAS. No one’s untraceable.”
"What I believe is that you followed me here..."
“I think I’m immune.”
One of the large exposed brick walls was used as a projector screen, the items up for bid ranged from a dozen surface to air missiles to an actual Chinook, and everything in between. Each item was givens it's own brief description outlining it's capabilities then ten minutes where given to place bids. At the end of that time the next item was presented. The Sarin was last. It was presented with a video that was shot in the very cell John had been in less then a week ago. It was revolting. The group text went crazy. John had been in this line of work for the better part of a decade and he was very rarely surprised. The amount of people who wanted such a vile weapon and the price they were willing to pay surprised him. John made his bids watched the room and kept his eye on Sherlock. He glanced down at his winning bid. He knew he should have kept his eye on Jim and Moran but he simply couldn't be bothered. Sherlock made for the door before John. This was torture, being so close and not able to even speak to each other. It had been a huge risk for the few words they had exchanged, anymore would just  be inviting trouble. Sherlock trailed his fingers across John's table top and winked as he passed. The lump that rose in John's throat was accompanied by a renewed anger and drive to find and end the ones responsible for all that Sherlock had been put through. Though the man was still more beautiful then he had any right to be, his normally pale skin so like the hues of the moon, was waxy, his prismatic aqua eyes were dull, and he was thin. God he was thin. John hurt to watch him walk away.
"John, you know I need to go to the meeting point." Sherlock was putting on his coat and gloves on as he spoke.
"God, John, no, no I could never hate you...I...I had to do this. I never wanted to leave you. To lie to you. But..I...I had no choice. So it was this...or put your life in danger." Sherlock felt bile rise in his throat.
"Eloquently put." Irene said flippantly. Sherlock threw a pillow at her head.
Yes. And I’ll tell you everything, just not like this. Deal?
(“You Commie, fuck.”)
John picked up a towel off the bleachers and wiped his face. Irene elbowed Sherlock.
John and the Russian lunged for each other at the exact same time, momentum on the side of whoever seized it. Rage was a powerful motivator, but something more drove John, something else made John drop his own knife and grab the Russian’s right wrist, spin the man around and drive the mans own knife into his throat with a wet crunch. Something else entirely. John let the man fall to the floor and stood back watching him sputter through his last breath.
"If you take another step, I'll shove this wire down his throat."
“Grand entrance then. Bishop.” John nodded in his direction. Bishop gave the wires a final twist and the doors slid open.
"Is that what you would have done?" Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
"Well, I guess that makes us stupid together, because I'm a doctor and I missed it too." John stepped right in Sherlock's path and held a glass of scotch out to him. Sherlock huffed, his shoulders visibly relaxed, and his lips involuntarily kicked up at the corners. He took the glass and just before putting it to his lips said.
John liked Lestrade immediately. He was what you would call a “mans man” in the truest sense of the word. He put John in the mind of his rugby mates in uni.
shagg before-
"I don't believe you." Sherlock said defiantly with tears in his eyes at the mental picture of his broken Doctor.
"Alright." He sounded unsure. He settled his body next to John but not quit touching.
Where are you?
6. When you see us together physically, what do you see?
“I’m sending you the dossier now. Good luck J.”
"Yes well if I'm going to be an idiot at lest I'm in good company." He winked at John and took a long sip.
John, let Sherlock's words wash over him, warm him, fill him with a joy so great it brought tears to his eyes.
“John." Sherlock somehow managed to tisk in a secductive manner. "Detective." He leaned in to nip a kiss at John’s smiling lips resting his hand on John’s biceps.
“Is there a problem with *my*plan J?” Harbinger questioned.
Sherlock’s mobile buzzed into the late night silence. Thomas. He quickly disentangled himself from a sleeping John and made his way to the far corner of the room before opening the text.
"Morning." Still too high for full on sentences.
“Hello. I’m J, and this is William.” John offered.
"Yes I did.  You were about to leave me. And we can't have that." John stood one step below Sherlock putting them at eye level.
"Trained in what exactly? Ineptitude? Overt operations? Because any criminal worth their street name could spot one of your people a mile away. No I need to be the one." Sherlock tugged at his suit jacket and huffed. Rubbish.
“Yes. Yes he is. More then you’ll ever know. Now if you’ll excuse me gentleman.” John made a slight bow, and left.
“I think I’d rather like other things in you as well.” Sherlock paused, giving John a hot focused look, his baritone laden with sex. "I want you.”
“And there’s a difference?”
Sherlock closed his eyes and willed himself not to speak. He didn't want to leave the practice but he knew if he stayed things with Thomas would only get more uncomfortable. Sherlock was just about to stand, when he felt a hand on his knee.
"Aside from the fact that I have a whole rugby team behind me? Me. I, can make you leave." The steel in John's voice was now unmistakable. Thomas heard it too.
Victor had always been able to render Sherlock useless, back at Eton he had manipulated Sherlock with the skill of the future con man he would become. Feeding on Sherlock’s insecurities like an Incubus. Their relationship has been abusive and drug fueled. Thought the haze of pain and drugs Sherlock had believed there was love underneath it all, Victor had used all his skill as a lover on Sherlock and that had clouded Sherlock's vision, and this would be how he learned that sex and love were in no way related. Victor would be his teacher.  Now here he was in all his glory to tear down Sherlock’s world to it’s foundation.
"Irrelevant. He doesn't hunt woman. He prefers men." Sherlock some how managed to resist the urge to say that it seemed John did as well.
"You...live with him?" John hears the jealousy and disbelief in his question. So dose Elliot.
“God woman! You’re just as vexing as you’ve ever been.” Sherlock tried to sound irritated but it was hard to hide the smile in his voice.
4. What's the worst thing you've done?
“But you blush up so pretty at the sound of a well placed fuck.” John puncuhated the word. “The posh boy likes vulgarity.” John teased. He loved to tease. “Not in yourself. Oh no, of course not. But in me.” John cocked an eyebrow.
“Are you ok?” John couldn’t help but place a hand to Sherlock’s cheek.
Who said anything was wrong.
John, went through his night time routine as usual, when he was done he headed for Sherlock's room, a room he'd been in countless times, but tonight it felt different. The room seemed ethereal as if all the secrets luxuries of the room breathed their air into it and anyone who entered. To look at it things seemed rather simple, but John knew the posh secrets of this space. The bed itself was large, overly so for just one person, it was also garishly expensive, John had ripped the sheets off one day for Mrs.Hudson to launder to revile a beautiful blue and white cheeked Hastens Vividus. John had later learned it had been a gift from a Swedish client that was close to the royal family. The bedding was raw silk, and cashmere (as was Sherlock's favorite blue scarf, which was why the man himself smelled of it almost constantly) the periodic table of elements was actually hand drawn by some scientists. The scroll above Sherlock's bed was some thousand year old thing from one Japanese dynasty or another given to him by a member of the Yakuza. There where other bits and bobs too, a trinket that may or may not have been Faberge, a pair of spectacles that belonged to Albeit Einstein, an original copy of "Faust" by Goethe, the list went on and on. But none more valuable then the occupant himself. At least not for John anyway. He treasured Sherlock above all else, and he was bone tired of fighting it. That's why John, had thrown caution to the wind and kisses him. Their lives where for the most part dangerous and unpredictable. If any moment could be their last then the ones in between needed to be lived to the fullest. On cue, Sherlock walked in from the bathroom door. Blue silk clung to his damp skin, his wet curls now perfect individual ringlets. John had to turn away from the sight of him, because he was pretty sure that if he didn't he was going to attack him. Instead John climbed into bed and cut off his light. John watched as Sherlock pulled on a pair of pants and nothing else, God this was going to be a long night. John prayed that the killer would show up. Sherlock cut off his light. As soon as it was dark he spoke.
As it turned out the third time was the charm and they got the information they were after. John called in the pre planned air strike and his team was at Landstuhl Regional Medical Center by early evening the next day.
Paul D'Lacy
“You’re not a complete idiot, you know why.” Sherlock shrieked at John and made to snatch away embarrassed by John’s question and frustrated with his strength. He found the hold John had on him was far too tight. But Sherlock didn’t care, he would fight John’s grasp even if it was a losing battle. John didn’t understand. How could he? How could he know the plummeting darkness that invaded his mind, the solitary hell Sherlock would have to face without him. To go back...was unimaginable.
"This letter." John held up the piece of stationary that Sherlock could see was his favorite brand. "True north, always whatever. This letter." John felt silly repeating the words that had brought him to tears the day before.
"Oh God." The words rushed out of John as a shaky exhale. To any on looker John would have appeared nervous. His breath was quick and he was nearly vibrating. But he was far from nervous. He was burning alive. His need to devour Sherlock was so great, John clenched and unclenched his hands at his sides trying to find some calm.
It feels right.
“Hello J."
"Fine. Complete and utter boring honesty from now on. "
“I’ll have a go.” Sherlock felt his heart beat a little faster, time to engage the enemy. “Is it true, that you sat this whole thing up as a way to get back at me?”
“I’ve seen you naked. Tasted your flesh. Fuck all if you’re not perfection.” The “F” rolling long and pronounced by John’s Scottish brogue.
The solitaire figure at the poker table sat dejected with his head in his hands looking like the absolute picture of the poster boy for “Gamblers Anonymous.” Normally his brilliant smile (made all the more so by his ebon skin) was on full display winning him hearts both on and off the table. But not tonight. Tonight He’d lost. Again. Big. This time there were sure to be repercussions.
Elliot Prince
John spared a glance over his shoulder but didn’t turn from the steel table were he was cleaning his gun. He had known it was only a matter of time before he got a visit from big brother.
"Any time me boss."
“Tell me what you want?” Had John said “the heart from your chest” Sherlock would have carved it out and handed it to him then and there. They were both so raw from all that their whirlwind relationship had been. All the danger and the clandestine meetings.
"Is the word your searching for large or cock?"
"There indeed." John raised his glass and offered to refill Sherlock's. He tilted his head in thanks and accepted.
"Helloo! Break in the case!" Sherlock snapped his fingers between the two of them.
"Kiss me." It was a plea. The need to have John's lips was aching.
“Yes, you are. Now if for some reason, you are unable to finish the mission, then I can assign another agent to take your place.”
He took it. “Hello you’re self Sgt.” John knew who she was. He knew Sherlock wasn’t a fan. He wanted to find out why.
“Do you want me to get him?” She gesture across the hall.
Sherlock nodded, with no intention of leaving this mans side ever again. He stood just inch away now still unable to speak. All he could do was act on the flood of Dopamine, Norepinephrine and Serotonin threatening to overwhelm him.
“I’d like to think I’m at the very least one of those things now.”
Sherlock tilts his head back inviting more, all. “Non...non...” Sherlock’s words catch in his throat and he struggles with brain function as John’s path leads him from one hard nipple then the next swiping his tongue over and over.
“You’ll need to have sex with people.”
"Agreed."
"Cheers. Now have one for the road, and get out. John's coming."
They repelled down the elevator shaft, Bishop cut the roof open using a CO2 laser, each one of them then dropped down into the elevator light as a thistle. Cardinal, Voltaire and Bishop to John’s left (his dominant hand) Odin and Erebus to his right. Bishop flipped out a bald, opened the control panel, and twisted a few wires. He waited for John’s command.
"Nice one, Pope."
"Dose your friend have a name?" Now it was John who was turning on the charm, and woe betied anyone in his radius.
John wondered around the castle unnoticed in the hustle and bustle. He glanced into the nave of the chapel at the chosen few in attendance. Friends he hadn't spoken to in months no matter how doggedly they tried to get in touch. John couldn't bare Mrs. Hudson's pleas for him to return, or Lestrade, and his constant updates on Sherlock's cases and his boredom, or Mycroft's thinly veiled threats and innuendos. If he couldn't be with Sherlock then he also couldn't live at the edge of his world. But this new knowledge had thrown him back in to it way over his head. John found the solar with Sherlock's initials on it. John smoothed his hands over his best midnight blue suit  (that Sherlock had given him and John felt was wildly over priced)  before stepped through the doors none too quietly. "I half expected you to be in some white frock. "
Team Methos- Judgment (Team Leader) Mercy, Cardinal, Bishop, Pope, Voltaire
"Jim Moriarty. Hi.” The man made a gesture towards his partner. “And this is my...well...Sebastian Moran. Say hello Tiger.”
“But their morons.” Sherlock whined into John’s neck and slid his hands into John’s front jean pockets from behind pressing himself firm against John’s back.
Not at all. Have you seen your team? They're gorgeous. You’re avoiding the question.
Helloo. TheColdEastWind here. It has been long and very long so let me just first say, the road to hell is paved with good intentions and leave it at that. Now on a serious note, in this next chapter our story will be dealing with Sarin. It is a nerve gas, and absolutely horrendous. I don't go into any detail about its effects or what it can do, I just want to warn anyone who may feel uncomfortable with my usage of it.  Also there is mention of drug overdose, please heed all trigger warnings.
“Hello John.”  Sherlock strolled into the room as if he own the place. John laughed to himself, in a sense he guessed he did. God he looked good. Black trousers so sinfully tailored the devil himself must have hand (hoof?) stitched them, white button front shirt crisp and strained suggestively across his chest.. Now he understood Mercy’s last words. Good luck indeed.
“Her Majesty, needs an exfill. British citizen on Russian soil. Retrieve, relocate and secure until further notice.”
“Hello Mercy.” John waited at the corner for the traffic to clear.
“Binding.” Sherlock finishes for him.
“Well then I think the time for formality has passed don’t you?” Sherlock looked over at the table were John had started work on his laptop.
"So was I." Sadly John looked at the ground.
So here we are. Nearing the end? From here...we’ll have to see. Beware, implied attempted rape, homophobic language and mild violence. Please forgive me for not doing a better job at trigger warnings. Promise to do better going forward.
"He never gose more then two. He'll be there." Lestrade assured him.
"In due course. For now just let your mind wonder."
"Why? So we can "get to know one another " find out each other's bad habits, and nasty little secrets, what's your favorite jumper, how I take my tea, that my parents are boring, or that Harry, is your sister, we've talked John. We've talked for years. And it has been agonizingly slow. "
Irene rolled her eyes and smiled at the pair.
“We need to find out why.” There was frustration in his tone but not for her and she knew it.
John smiled at forever, and soon they were lost to a fire that was impossible to control. Sherlock rocked into John's thrust seeking the center of the storm together. John's body spasmed deep inside Sherlock and brought the younger man a shuttering climax.
"Ugh, boys? Hello! Hello! I'm still in the room. I'm still in the ro...oh sod this!" Irene, hopped off the desk and practically bolted for the door making her escape just as the first article of clothing hit the floor.
"I'm sorry love. I'm a little drunk. I already told you, I'm afraid of hurting you."
Dr. John Watson
"You know what it is. Why do we have to talk about?"
"God, I could have you a million times and still be thirsty." John rutted against Sherlock's bottom Sherlock moaned in response, one hand gripped his hip the other finding its way into Sherlock's paints to free his cock. Frustrated at the barrier of clothing, John spun Sherlock around and the race was on to see who could get naked fastest. It was Sherlock, who then hopped up on the table sending various beakers, Petri dishes, and droppers, clattering to the floor without a care. It was fast and hard from that point on and Sherlock screamed like the devil on fire and praised John's name like angels on clouds as John drove into him and fisted Sherlock's cock in time with each smack of their flesh coming together. Sherlock's release sent more equipment flying to the floor and a stream of white hot cum over his belly and chest. John was not far behind after such a sight. His own release was guttural and powerful.  Had it not been for Sherlock's legs wrapped around his waist he would have collapsed. As it was he lay froward resting his head on Sherlock's solar plexus struggling to breathe normally.
"So, do I pass muster?" Sherlock laid with his head resting on his arm his breathing coming back to something resembling normal.
"Right then. Let's fix this." Greg clapped John on the back.
It’s in the title.
"All of the above and none of the above." Sherlock was all cheek. And John thought it was gorgeous.
Greg laughed at this hard enough to spill half a pint. “Let me get you a pint and you can tell me all about it.” Lestrade made to led John away, but not before John asked Sherlock silently if this was okay. Sherlock smiled in return and nodded his acceptance and John was off.
"John..." Greg had been friends with John since primary school and he knew John as well as he knew himself. John was most certainly in trouble.
The second night of drinks was much the same. But the air that had once been heavy between them, now seemed to almost crackle with intensity. They found themselves pulled into each other's space, fingertips meeting on the bar, knees bumping and then settling between the others.
“Interesting choice.”
I know what we're going through but please. Please. I can't breathe if I can't trust that you're safe.
“Say it!” No argument.
"Boys!" Mrs. Hudson, yelled up the steps.
"And if the cost had been your life?"
John looked down at his mobile unsure if this was the right move. He couldn't do this alone. It was an underground Russian black site for fucks sake with likely only one point of ingress and egress and John knew his limitations. That said, he'd been in the field with Moran before and tho the opt had gone horribly sideways they had worked well together. Still there was the matter of his psychopathic boyfriend. Fuck. None of that mattered. He needed to move on this intel sooner rather then later. He'd deal with the fallout later. John placed the call.
It’s alright Sherlock. Duty calls.
Whatever horrible thing you must surely be thinking of me this moment please don’t. I was summoned home to London on important business that demanded my immediate attention. I had no choice. If I had, I would have chosen you. These aren’t words I use but: please forgive me. I want nothing more then to be back in bed with you. Or anywhere with you for that matter. I’m sorry John. Keep your head down and when you’re in London come see me. Please. 221B Baker St.
“She’s my suggesting officer. No one commands the SAS. They give suggestions. And this is a bad one.”
“What else?” His voice was strained and it was the last thing Sherlock heard before John left the room.
"I know." John  almost whispered the words. And they were all Sherlock needed to hear. He felt his face go warm.
"You're not really asking are? Because if you are I could go on for days! For starters neither one of you can even see anyone else when the others around. Posh boy here goes all deep voice and bashful at the sight of you, and you Dr. Watson, exhibit the most seductive bed side manner I've ever had the pleasure to witness. Just shag already." Irene blew Sherlock a kiss and winked at John as she went out to smoke ignoring his murderous glare.
"That's what friends do." Sherlock said quickly, and looked away from the knowing blue-gray stare. Sherlock knew as sure as he did that hydrogen and helium caused the Big Bang, that if he stayed in that blue grasp of Johns eyes, his carefully constructed walls would crumble. He would crumble.
~Three Days Later~
"So this is unorthodox...in...so many ways, and if no one else is going to address the elephant in the room then..."
Go time.
4. Emotionally?
"Sorry. That...just kind of...happened." John kissed him softly smoothed back his hair and grabbed his cock.
"I've got labs all day, and apparently practice later, don't forget to pay close attention tonight and collect all the useful data you can!" Sherlock called after her. To which Irene just raised her middle finger in the air.
"Yes detective." She gave a salute from her chair.
“What do you think Tiger. Should I kill them? Well not “I” kill them,  but have you kill them “I” kill them.”
"Thanks for the offer, but fuck off just the same!” John lowered his voice to speak to Sherlock. “We stay here and make them come to us." John spoke in a whisper and then put his finger to his lips and signaled for quite. John moved his L96A1, to his back switching to his hand gun for close combat. He watched Sherlock's face and saw the moment the idea solidified in his mind.
“My woebegone sofa surrounded by the whole of London.”
"Oi. What's all this then?" Lestrade, looked at the man on the floor as one EMT, checked him over the other tried to get at Johns wound but he waved him away.
“Hello J.”
“Hello Sherlock!” Molly was both shy and exuberant all at once tripping over her words. “You look... good...I mean nice, you look nice. Never seen you in jeans before, special occasion?” Sherlock looked around the party with an arched brow. “Oh,” Molly’s cheeks went pink. “This the party is the special occasion of course. Sorry. So...yeah it’s nice this. Are you enjoying yourself? I know you hate this kind of thing. Surprised you’re here. Why...why are you here? I mean I’m glad you came...just...”
John shut the door quietly, trying not the wake the sleeping beauty he had just kissed goodbye. He turned with a broad smile across his face and slammed right into Irene.
"I have. It was a song, back in secondary school."
“And what is your thing then? I’d very much like to know.” She pushed her breast forward with zero finesse.
"Breathe. " Sherlock found his voice, but just barely. "Next question."
“Ok. Makes sense. But not even an honorable mentions? No one stand out lover over the years? Nothing?” John poked farther while looking over the rim of his cup. Sherlock signed. John was not going to let up and to be fair Sherlock could understand. He himself wanted to know every minut detail of John Hamish Watson and the possibly of John wanting the same made Sherlock’s heart skip. But this line of questioning was making him nervous and the possibility of John being turned off by those some of those details was unthinkable. Sherlock reasoned that keeping things vague but truthful was the best corse of action.
~William Sherlock Scott Holmes~
“I’m listening.” The poster boy said as if he had a choice.
"Sherlock, get up." Lestrade, grabbed his upper arm and pulled him to his feet with ease. "Come on then, you'll ride to hospital with me." Lestrade, tried to guide Sherlock's path, but he pulled away just enough.
“Sherlock love. I don’t have time to argue with you. So please, if you love me, go with them. I need to know you’re safe.”
"Yes." Again, there was no space between ask and answer. Silent tears rolled over classic cheekbones.
Sherlock looped his long arms over Johns shoulders, and rested his dark curls against Johns blond head and spoke into his neck."Hum. That's where I thought we where." Sherlock glanced at John and smiled. And John laughed. For the first time in two years nine months and four days.
John on the other hand was well and truly surprised by the Surgeon Racs limited sniper rifle Sherlock gifted him.
”Run the trace again.”
John closed his eyes and moved in closer still, sliding his hand further up the back of Sherlock's neck, fingers smoothly tangled in his curls. Sherlock's eyes drifted closed and he tilted his head back into John's hand, he lost his breath in a rush of cognac scented heat against John's parted lips. John took in Sherlock's heat.
~Republic of Cameroon~
“You were saying?” John pored himself a drink, up ended the glass and sat it back down.
"Same room. Safety in numbers and all." Sherlock said quickly and looked away. John, smiled.
John sat on the floor of his cell and picked at the dried blood on his knuckles, not sure how much of it was his own, nor did he care. It didn't make a difference. Nothing did. And so he didn't care about the the blood stains on his t-shirt or his split lip where the blood had come from, or the black eye and his potentially bruised ribs. The pain told him he was still alive, despite his best efforts to the contrary. John made a defiant kind of eye contact with Lestrade as he came to open his cell.
Past. That sound. The sound of honey. Thick and sweet, heavy on your tongue. That sound was Sherlock.
“Its never been like that for me before.”
"You son of a bitch!" John advanced on the killer with two thoughts in mind. One he was going to beat this man within an inch of his miserable life, and two he wished he'd picked up his gun back at the first tousle he'd had with this madman. But all thoughts quieted as John, grabbed the man and muscle memory took over, pummeling him in the face and gut, staggering him backwards, the mans arms failed with his bag still in hand, he righted himself, swinging the bag wildly at John causing him to jump back, dodging the blow, but the killer was quick and pressed his advantage and stepped in close to John. John saw the knife flash in the moon light but it was too late. He felt the blade sink into his abdomen with blinding ice hot pain. John howled and pushed his assailant off him before he could withdraw the blade, and watched the man run off into the night. John fell to his knees holding the blade handle, willing himself not to vomit from pain. John looked down at the blood pouring from the wound.
"It's a mixture of earl gray, oakmoss and...gun oil." Sherlock hesitated only slightly on the last sent, knowing it could be telling, but he didn't care. Or was it that he did care? Whichever the case, Sherlock felt the tranquil lull of the storm without and the one brewing within and released himself to it and all that it was.
"Clearly you've forgotten who's captain. Give me a lap Lestrade!" John turned back to face Sherlock with a dazzling smile. "Sorry. Undisciplined lot. I've seen you around campus, it's good to finally meet you." John slowly let go of Sherlocks hand. "I hope to see you again soon. I've got to get back to the pitch." John stated off toward the field. He back peddled and called up to Sherlock. "Maybe you can come watch me play one day!" John flashed one more killer smile and turned to run back into the fray.
Sherlock watched John's face by the fire light. He looked peaceful, beautiful, Sherlock had long ago catalogued every line of this mans face, every dusky blond eyelash, John's  lips curved into a soft smile and Sherlock realized that the watcher had become the watched.
“I can’t do this. This isn’t going to be enough for me. A quick fuck in every back alley and abandoned warehouse in Eastern Europe. I can’t. Not with you.”
"John!" Sherlock didn't have much fight in him at the moment but what he had  he was going to use to reach John. "Get out of my way! I need to go with him. John!" Sherlock was beginning to get angry, and started a shoving match albeit a weak one with the constable.
"Obviously."
"It dosent matter." John said flatly with a small bitter smile.
"That genius isn't another word for inhuman."
John scrambled to his feet but stayed as low as he could helping an unsteady Moran up. “Brilliant now let’s move out before we’re over run yeah.” John shouldered Moran’s weight and they headed away from strike zone.
Sherlock huffed. "I know. It's truly pathetic I've let myself fall so far." Sherlock sounded defeated as he waved a cigaretted hand in the air.
“No Ma’am, that won’t be necessary. I think I’ll see this one through to the end.” John smiled the way one dose just before they do something satisfyingly wrong.
"Alright. Had we done the same..."
~Form A Circle~
After stopping at a few shops and finding the smallest Christmas tree they could comfortably carry they headed back to Baker Street for John to deck the halls. He said it was tradition in his house and Sherlock would just have to endure. After much obligatory grumbling and a good pout on his part Sherlock found a seat on the sofa and watched the assassin he loved fill his flat with Christmas cheer.
"Try." Sherlock brushed up against Johns side and started to move away. John grabbed his wrist under the covers and held him there.
“You busy?” John was curt.
I know that this is an archaic form of communication that is basically going the way of the proverbial dinosaur but there’s something to be said about ink on paper that creates a visceral connection between the words and the reader. I myself have only recently come to realize this. That being said: I hope my words reach you in the same way yours have me. I miss you so much more then I thought possible. Please don’t mistake my meaning. Natural I’d known your absence would have an impact but this...is cruel. I can only hope that you’re not as tortured as I am. Keep your head down.
"No. God no. Not my style. And even if it were, never with him. He's sleeping." John winked and headed off.
“Brilliant!”
Mycroft was powerless in the face of such pain. He wanted to make this go away but had absolutely no clue how to begin. He left.
Sherlock wanted the first time he said ‘l love you’ to John to be perfect. He’d looked it up online and consulted countless websites on the most romantic ways to do it.
"Complicated." With a tilt of his head John raised his eyebrows in an unasked question.
"Don't start." Sherlock's voice held a bit of a warning but no anger.
"I find kangaroos disturbing."
“I’ll be there to pick it up tomorrow.” John payed and winked at the lovely dark haired young man at the register on his way out.
“God John.”
11:40 pm
John was glad he was sitting,because it was easy to slide his hands under the table into his lap and clench his fist without being noticed. Another agent? It was the words “take your place” that John truly took umbrage with. John would sooner die then see another agent between himself and Sherlock Holmes.
“Never.” The word was hushed and solum.
"Oi! Watson!"  Greg, one of John's teammates yelled  up from the pitch. "Put it back in your trousers and get over here!"
They washed each other with dream like slowness. Neither in a rush to finish what their bodies had started, yet unable to stop the inevitable brushing against each in hot soapy rapture tethering on the edge. John enjoyed the progressive tightening of Sherlock’s every muscle the slight tremble of his thighs and his gasping breaths when John would slid there cocks across one another. He was beautiful. And John couldn’t keep his mouth off him a second longer. John slipped his hands down Sherlock’s thighs around to cup his bottom and then he went to his knees. Sherlock tried to pull away wanting to prolong this as long as he could. But John would not be denied his prize and took Sherlock into his mouth and held him there stroking his own cock unable to hold back the jerky tidal wave of his release as he sucked Sherlock down. John stood back up smiling at Sherlock’s spent beauty.  Sherlock kissed him. He licked John’s lips and searched John’s mouth for every drop of himself left there. They stayed that way, kissing lazily under the water locked together.
John. Of course.
"You're just completely unaware of how noisy you can be." John sat up sipping at his perfect cuppa.
John stood in his room feeling both triumphant and defeated all at once. Sherlock Holmes had been taught a lesson. But the cost was high. Another agonizing erection, and no one to share it with. Fuck.Fuck.Fuck.
"What the bloody hell does that mean?" A smile in John's voice. Sherlock found himself trying to stifle a laugh and sip scotch simultaneously with dignity, and found it was an exercise in futility. He wound up sputtering and giggling, which sent John into a fit of his own.  They spent the next couple of minutes trying and failing to right themselves and behave like adults. Finally Sherlock gained enough control to speak albeit breathless and teary eyed.
Lestrade, just closed his eyes and hung his head. He was so done with Sherlock Holmes and John Watson, and their bullshit.
"Mmm." John dug his hand into Sherlocks curls and enjoyed the feel of soft curls and warm scalp.
Sherlock understood John's answer, obviously but it didn't translate to the full meaning.
“Business with the Crown Prince. And you?” Jim was overly sweet.
7. Have you ever had a song or poem written for you?
“We’ll be at Tartarus in time for fireworks.” John squinted into the wind as he headed back to Baker Street.
“And why would I go threw all that trouble?”
Sherlock passed his mobile to John, and bent down close to the body of a middle aged woman who dispite the ice crystals forming on her skin had clearly been strangled to death.
“Done.”
"I interrupted a private moment between a young man I use to room with and another young man he doesn't want anyone to know about. You see he's angry with me. He says I made him this way. Made him like men. His words not mine. And now whenever I see him he's either shoving me in a corner trying to kiss me, or shame me publicly as a whore."
“Oi, Freak, didn’t think you’d turn up. No dead bodies for you to poke about, thought those were the only kind of people you liked?”
Five Months In
“Dose he have a sexually transmitted disease?”
"Sherlock, the game is over. Now tell me what you're afraid of. Please." John wrapped his left arm around both of Sherlock's knees, bringing them even closer still, sharing each other's air.
Sally wasn’t sure if John was for real or not, but something told her not to take the chance.  So she’d just have to settle for rude. “Fuck off!” She threw the words as hard as she could standing her ground.
"Bi." John grinned and waved at Thomas and his friends as they left.
“Keep your head down. Be safe. Yeah? What else?” John stopped his travels and pulled the duvet up over Sherlock and himself.
"You must understand this was all new ground for me, I didn't navigate things very well, I had no idea that Thomas was in denial about who he was or that he would not only deny what was between us but lie about it too. It was and is still an ugly mess, that I'd rather put behind me, but seems to anger him anew every time we run into each other." Sherlock waited for John's reaction not sure what to expect.
"No. You don't get to change the original question or add to it."
Sherlock raised an eyebrow and plucked the cigarette from her lips and brought it to his own.
Helloo. The Cold East Wind here. This chapter tho relatively short is dedicated to the positively brilliant PATPRECIEUX. She is a force and if you’ve not read her work all I can say is...what the hell!? Treat yourself. Anywho, if you look closely you’ll see my little bit of theft from dear Pat, I hope she won’t press charges.
"No. This is a soft target and I need surveillance and tracking only."
"You cheeky monkey! I shouldn't have to say."
What's wrong? Are you alright?
"Sherlock, I love you. More then anything in this world. And I'm so so sorry for the things I've done to you. And if you let me I'll spend the rest of my life making it up to you. And trying my best to make you happy. I don't deserve your forgiveness..."
Volgograd, Russia
“I see what others overlook.” Sherlock raised a suggestive eyebrow at the offending pillow. “I solve the puzzle. Murder, cold cases, kidnapping, jewel heist. I also have a wide variety of clients, not just NSY. I’ve worked for the FBI, Shayetet 13, royal families, and well more then I care to name.”
"You weren't going to tell me."  Also not a question.
"Go on then." The edge to his voice was a bit too hard.
"So this isn't what you want?" John could hear the shaky fear in Sherlock's voice. He sat up slowly, a little upset with himself for allowing Sherlock to doubt his feeling if even for a second.
“I have a call for you from Sebastian Moran. Would you like me to put it through?”
Sherlock found himself laughing softly at Irene's words. "You jealous?"
"I think I know this one. Just answer the damn question."
John exhaled and rested his arms on the rim of the tub and let his head fall back against the wall, totally knackered. Steam rose in soft hypnotic curls from the soothing waters. He closed his eyes sighed and let his aching muscles slowly unwind. Who knew that five short years could make such a difference. John recognized that he was no longer a young man, and he certainly wasn't hitting the gym by anyone's standards but he was still reasonably active, his muscle tone was decent, and he had little to no belly fat. So why the hell did he feel like the dead?
~11:15 Begin~
“Mycroft?”
He pulled out his mobile and shot off a text to John. He turned the screen around and showed it to Victor before hitting send.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'll mend. I have a good doctor." Sherlock smiled prettily and leaned into the touch ever so slightly seemingly unaware of his own actions.
“Although Irene, is in part my type, she lacks a certin something.” John wiggles his eyebrows suggestively, Sherlock responded with a head shake and an eye roll topped with a small smile. “We met in Uni, been friends ever since. I’ve put my life in her hands more times then I can count.” John had a feeling this little Q&A, had just begun so he settled in ready for any and all questions, for Sherlock he'd gladly be an open book.
"Not your call."
"It's a mixture of earl gray, oakmoss and...gun oil." Sherlock hesitated only slightly on the last sent, knowing it could be telling, but he didn't care. Or was it that he did care? Whichever the case, Sherlock felt the tranquil lull of the storm without and the one brewing within and released himself to it and all that it was.
"It dose seem that not much occurred. But I have a feeling we're building towards something. Something wicked this way comes."
"Shut it Hamish!" John threw back his head and laughed rich throaty and crisp.
Soon I will have to credit all my good ideas to the brilliant conductor of light PatPrecieux. So if you enjoy our little moment of reflection you have only Pat to thank.
“Mercy, I need to come in.”
Sherlock, backed against the wall nearest the bed and braced his legs apart, he let his hands travel his body and caress himself as he held John’s wrapped attention. Sherlock watched John’s eyes follow his every move and the man looked ready to pounce. Sherlock never gave up control to his lovers, ever. Everything that happened only took place if he allowed it. Orchestrated it. Getting people to do what he wanted was one of his many specialty’s and in the bedroom was no different. But here now in this moment, he wanted to surrender himself to his urges. And to John’s. Endurance be damned!
“So different from the man in the field.” Sherlock said with his lips pressed against wet skin.
"How much?"
“Judge.”
“Drug trafficking in the Golden Triangle. You’ll have a deep cover partner.” Mercy’s silence was too long.
"God save us from Cluedo!" John took a seat on the floor with his back leaned against one of the two leather chairs. They stood on either side of the sofa which was facing a fireplace almost large enough for John to stand up in. He kicked off his shoes, sat the bottle of scotch off to the side and let his head tilt back and to the side so he was facing Sherlock. "We could..." John rolled his hear side to side. "Oh, I know! We could play 20 questions."
"Copy that."
“I can only hope.” John held back nothing. And to be honest there was no question in John’s mind that he would hold back any part of himself physical or emotional from Sherlock. Giving himself to someone never really happened to John. He was almost always expected to be in a place of dominance. But giving Sherlock all of what was already his? Well that seemed only natural.
"Greg, call you back." The line went dead.
“True. On both counts.” Sherlock tossed his head and looked at John sideways. Waiting.
Sherlock hesitated looking about to protest, when his shoulders slumped and his eyes softened he put his hands on Johns face and kissed his lips he rested his forehead on John’s. “Keep your head down.” The words cracked just a little and Sherlock move away to join Pope and Bishop. John made another hand gesture without turning around and they left. John squeezed his eyes shut and pinched the bridge of his nose taking deep steading breaths trying with all his mite not the break as the love of his life was lead away from him yet again.
“Fuck all Sherlock!” John burst around a corner. “This is the second time I’ve nearly shot you...what...what’s wrong?” John was frozen by cold terror and some unfamiliar fear rooting him to the floor.
Sherlock felt the drug crawl up his arm, and radiate into his chest but before his mind gave in to the abyss, he had one shining moment of ocean blue clarity. He didn't want this. This slow ugly spiral into heart wrenching pain. He wanted John. Bright and beautiful. Solid and strong. His Jawn. He let the syringe that he'd owned for more years then he could remember shatter to the floor, and called out to John with all that was left of him, as his vision failed to a pen hole.
“But you most certainly should John. Wasn’t it you who said the commitments were binding?”
"Yes. I'm sure that puts most of them in the best position to find what we looking for."
"Nope. I would have done exactly what you did." John looked up at the man across from him.
John shook with laughter. “We don’t have to stay long. I’ll take my measure of the lucky morons that get to spend time with the man I love and then we’ll be off yeah.”  John braced for the tirade. This was the second time he’d said the “L” word and he was certain this time would not go unanswered.
"Well someone is smitten." Irene said as they walked back to the dorm arm in arm in a cloud of shared cigarette smoke.
John saw Prince Haakon in the crowd, but before he left he answered the question.
"Hello."
“Battle.” The husky word laid on John’s skin in the hollow of throat. Sherlock could feel the rumble of laughter in John’s chest and he stopped to look up incredulous.
The sadness of Sherlock's words was a gut punch to John, and he found himself wishing that all of Sherlock's past pains were his. When he'd first met Sherlock his brilliance had out shined his humanity at times, yet at others he was the picture of human kindness. And though he could be socially inept he was never cruel or hateful, unkind perhaps when provoked but never malicious. Malice was for fools. In truth everything that Sherlock did was an act of kindness. He didn't solve cases for notoriety or money. He did it to save lives. Sherlock looked down into his empty glass not ready to meet John's gaze. John had no words. What he did have was a near overwhelming need to hold Sherlock close and shield him from the world. And so he simply rested his hand on Sherlock's leg just above the knee and rubbed gently. Sherlock chanced a glance up and found a soft bright smile that spoke louder than any words could have. But John spoke the words anyway.
"Fine. I think. But I need to make sure, face to face. She's a good liar.. But I'd like it if you stayed...until I came back. Maybe for the the night." Sherlock had to go see about Irene, but he wanted to make sure John stayed put first.
"So, did this spot of bother have a name?" Sherlock though he'd give her the chance to tell him the whole story before he told it to her himself.
“It had to have been a sniper judging by the .338 Lapua Magnum round.”
“There looks to be a Zippe centrifuge J. Over.”
"Do try not to drown John darling, I would hate to have to explain it to The Yard." And with that his naked ass walked away.
“Would you like to be a part of it?” Sherlock asked impulsively.
"John." Sherlock said his name so softly he thought maybe the wind had carried it away.
He push John back onto the bed and covered him with the length of his body never breaking from John's lips. Sherlock wedged his knee between John's legs and brought his cock along side John's, satin hot hard as steel. John's back arched and he dug his fingers into Sherlock lush bottom, grinding their hips, their cocks together.
"I know. We'll talk later, right now I need a pain pill." John said without looking back.
Sherlock gave it some thought and answered honestly.
“I know. That’s kinda the plan.” John waited. This was Sherlock’s decision, but John wanted these people to know. Know that Sherlock was loved cherished and protected by him. And so John waited. Hoping Sherlock would trust him, hoping Sherlock would be brave and say fuck these people.
“Net.” John shot Six, twice in the face.
Helloo. TheColdEastWind here. I left notes for the end this time because I didn't want anyone peeking at Priest ahead of time. Now if you copy the link below and put it in your search engine, I promise you will not be disappointed.
"You're not going to like it. But not much we can do really, except ride the storm out here and wait for your brother to come get us."
~Three Truth Limit~
Sherlock arched against John’s frantic pounding release hot and sudden within forcing Sherlock’s eruption his own stream of endless white ribbons shot over his shoulder into the canopy of leaves behind him. They silenced the jungle around them with gruff praise and shouts. They lay still joined together and let the breeze cool their hot flesh. John with his fingers tangled in silk as usual and Sherlock kissing any of John within reach.  Sherlock pushed himself up on John’s chest and smiled down at him peppering his face with yet more kisses.
”J...”
“Answers.” Sherlock spoke through chattering teeth. “Well let’s see; by definition an answer is a thing said, written, or done to deal with or as a reaction to a question, statement, or situation. We are lacking a question. You’ve made no statement, and this whole situation is of your doing not mine. Therefore I can not help you.”
Team Silas, was made up of five more members of the SAS. Call signs Arawn, Odin, Erebus, Viduus, and Anubis. Team Silas, was death.
“Me? What about me?” Sherlock was thrown a little off balance. He knew where this conversation could end up and he needed to push the path back into safer territory.
Sherlock completes his experiments early and sits in on Irene's aicent history class.
“Agreed. Copy that. Over.” Sherlock was dressed, John was naked. But dressed in a blink. Bishop and Pope, entered one from each side advancing on Sherlock. Cardinal remained at her hidden position. “Take him.” John ordered.
"Oh this was never meant to be my wedding day." Elliot's smile was cheeky.
“Hello J. How can I help you today?”
“Yes.” John answered slow and cautious without looking up.
8. Do you like your name?
Finsbury Park, or Hornsey Wood Reservoir was a gargantuan labyrinth of stunning brick archways and after ten minutes of silent wondering Sherlock found what he was looking for. A long wooden table covered from one end to the other in bright shining metal. Knifes. Curved ones, serrated ones, straight ones, and long ones just like the one the killer had left stuck in John.
“Allow me to show you how much.” The devil was in his voice and John knew he was in trouble as Sherlock slid down his body.
John seemed to give the question some real thought.
"Please...what?...Please...get the milk?" Johns voice was hushed and barely audible, but to Sherlock's ears it was a chorus of angels, he almost laughed with joy.
Sherlock couldn’t wait for the case to end.
"Who is that?" Sherlock's sleepy deep baritone rumble near Johns ear his nose bumping Johns neck.
“Yes well before I go” Irene stood next to Sherlock in the door way “just let me say..” Sherlock rolled his eyes and shoved her out the door shutting it firmly behind her.
"What the hell?!" Said John and Lestrade in unison as they both walked quickly to Sherlock, John being the fist to reach him. Glancing over his shoulder not sure if he should go after the woman or not.
“Fuck me John and see how real I am.” Sherlock’s voice was strained with that lust yet still full of the cocky defiance that John loved.
"Well, I guess someone ask the other 20 questions. It's a pretty straightforward kind of game."
“Back into the heart of the lions den. Safest place to be, and the fastest place to end this. Is the helicopter ready?”
"You're a doctor, think in clinical terms." Sherlock said decisively. John laughed. "What could you possibly find funny?"
"And Moriarty?"
“Oh no.” Silence again.
Sherlock shuttered around John’s thickness filling him, and felt himself stretch slick and tight around John’s cock. John moved in him slow at first making sure Sherlock could take him. It was the sensual brutality of two men. Then more. Longer deeper strokes that made Sherlock bit his lip and toss his head from side to side, grind and arch up into John's downward thrust. Sherlock wrapped his legs around John’s back pulling him deeper. John allowed Sherlock this bit of control as he tried to control himself. Sherlock’s body throbbed around him impossibly tight and it made his stomach lurch and his hips jut and jerk in a Herculean effort not to cum. John slowed his hips and pressed his body full against Sherlock's length nearly pinning Sherlocks cock between their sweat slick bodies. John felt Sherlock begin to tense and grip him tight and immediately broke Sherlock’s leg hold on him, knowing the man was close.
“Get off me you fuckin queer! What’s wrong with you people? All of you!”
“However long that may be.”
"I know that you and the rest of Kronos are working the area and I need eyes."
“Shut up. Just shut up.” They managed to undress without leaving their sides. They lay there lost to the impossible beauty of what was.
“I’ll need a minute.” Sherlock sounded pleased as punch.
“Alright then.” John sat his cup down stood.
“Did you have anything to do with it?” The words were so choked and quiet Mycroft almost missed them.
They stood both transfixed.
“You’ve slept with him haven’t you? Sherlock. Not the Crown Prince.” Moriarty was blunt. John didn’t answer. So Jim pressed on. “Is he sweet? He looks sweet. Like candy floss.” Jim sighed and leaned heavily into Sebastian as he asked.
“Stay calm. I got you and you’re gonna be fine. Look at me. You’re going to be ok. Keep pressure on that and I’ll be right back yeah?”
"It's beautiful." Sherlock said simply as he looked up at the beamed ceiling.
"I. Think. We're. Done. Here!" Irene glared at Thomas's hand still clasped tight on her arm. "You let me know if we're not."
"It looks more like a lab then a facility capable of nuclear fusion."
"You believing I'm some how too loud. Or even loud at all. I don't recall all this supposed noise you mentioned."
“With that said, the best course of action is to use you to draw them out, find the location of the uranium...an..”
John laughed at the poorly concealed jealousy in Sherlock's rich tone. "Posh boy. It fits. Speaking of fits. I have something for you." John pulled a soft wrapped bundle from his bag.
"Then everyone should also know it's a bad fucking idea to take what's mine. Send me everything I need to know."
“Do a satellite search for heat signatures in a twenty mile radius in all directions. Tell me what that brings back and Mercy...call up the rest of Methos.”
“Impressive but..no need for dick measuring Watson.” Moran shouldered his rifle and squeezed off two shots that leveled the remaining gunman and flashed John an arrogant smile. “I hear tell we’re well matched. It would seem you and I traveled in the same circles.”
You're really not in a position to tell me what to do.
Sherlock Holmes. Age 27. Iq 190. Holy hell! John whistled through his teeth.  He glanced over at the genius, and found those unusual eyes trained on him. Right then. First contact John thought.
You sound like my brother. Well. Not the company you want to keep.
"Sherlock says he's the one behind this whole thing from the beginning in Moscow. I think he's right Mercy."
"Alright. Previous question." A bit of confidence back in place.
Sherlock closed his eyes and took a deep breath, ready for the assault.
Sherlock wanted to watch, wanted see the expression on John’s face catalog every nuance. But he couldn’t Stars are busting behind his eyelids and he raps out a repatriation of, “John oh God John John fuck yes John oh god yes.”
“Hello J.”
Sherlock brought both their hands up, and kissed the back of John's. "They interrupted our Sunday." He said with a lovely pout that affected John the same way everything about Sherlock did. Sherlock saw the almost imperceptible jerk of John's breath and smiled in that dangerous way that made John's blood rush south.
“How can you possibly know what kind of round it was?”
"A 7-percent solution." John made a face and tisked at his answer. Sherlock shrugged innocently. He'd thought it was funny.
~Not in the flesh. And not two blokes I know~
"Where are you?" John asked breathlessly, as he stepped out of Baker St. looking for a cab.
"Damsel in distress? Oh please woman! You are the distress! And if Shipton, has any sense of self preservation he'd stay away from you." Sherlock snatched the cigarette from her lips.
~The First Person Here Ask The First Truth Or Dare~
Sherlock was startled out of a dark solitary room in his mind palace by the cabbies light knock on the window, “We’re here mate. Fancy place this.”
"Your brother thanked me for my service."
“Moral.”
“Something like that.” Irene lit a cigarette and took a long deep drag as if it were fresh air.
“Is that all? Just gloves?” Sherlock made a pretty pout and watched John approach his chair.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Next question."
11. What's something you wish everyone knew about you?
Sherlock says goodbye, John has no idea. Goodbye porn.
do believe you feel that someone (male or female)
“Good to know I’m not *alone on the water.*” John pulled back and kissed the tip of Sherlock’s nose. They separated just enough for Sherlock to put John back together and then himself. John stripped his glove off turning it inside out and shoving it into his pocket.
So, that just happened. This chapter felt a bit ham fisted to me. I hope it wasn’t too agonizing to read.
"You sure he'll be there tonight?" Sherlock asked without looking up at Greg.
John sipped at his tea then rested his forearms causally on his knees cup hanging lossy in between his hands his L96A1 layed a cross his lap.
Helloo. The Cold East Wind here. First let me say sorry for the long gap between chapters, I just got out of jail for stealing from PATPRECIEUX, in that last bit. ;) But really, I do apologize. 2018 came in like a Cold East Wind, and I’ve been caught up in it. From now on I’ll do my level best to publish a little faster. A little.
John set about tidying the flat, the scrap having left it in more of a shambles then usual and with nothing else to do and so fell into thinking about he and Sherlock's burgeoning relationship. It seemed that the unattainable genius was finally his. Sherlock had folded sweetly into him last night as if it had been their way for a life time. The man was a vine, twisting and twinning his way around Johns body the same way he'd done to Johns heart all those years ago. He fit into the crook of Johns shoulder perfectly, the weight of him there creating a warm soothing pressure on his scar. They had slotted together from one position to another throughout the night subconsciously/consciously exploring each other, hands roaming and resting on warm exposed flesh, it had been dreamlike perfection. John, sign at the pleasant thoughts and noticed he was sitting in his chair. How did he get there? He wondered where Sherlock was in that moment.
"If you were anyone else, I think that statement would have been offensive. But you being you, I'll take it as a compliment." John read flat number 122 on the key and turned the corresponding lock.
Sherlock has had a break in the case. But now he believes that John’s future is in danger and the best corse of action is to end things between he and John.
Irene calmly pulled out a cigarette and lit it. "Well that's a chance I'll just have to take, because I'm not going to let you fuck this up." She slammed the door on her way out.
“Now? I have no idea. You see dean Grayson is Thomas’s uncle on his mother’s side. That’s their connection. That’s why people like me have been forced out of Kings. How Thomas had the power to expose and then get rid of whoever he wished. And Grayson, was all too happy to help his nephew, since he already had cause to hate me for his own reasons. I deduced his affairs with two different men, on two different continents. It was never really proven, but it was true nonetheless. So what now indeed.”
John released him. “Go on then. I won’t be far.” He stepped aside to usher Sherlock past.
“Friends? Of yours? A blunt instrument. Mmm. Yes well the fact remains that I am exactly who you say, and with that comes a power beyond your minuscule comprehension. So I’ll ask you for the *last time.* Why are you here?” Mycroft was now on the offensive.
"Could we force one some how?" John questioned.
~~~~~
"Then if we're not friends...what are we?" As soon as the words where out of Sherlock's mouth he wanted to run to his room and barricade the door behind him. The question hung in the air.  Growing, consuming everything around it, touching every dark corner...John could see the panic brewing in Sherlock's eyes. This question could change their entire world forever, but John found that once asked, he wanted to answer. And answer honestly. But Sherlock had grown paler, (was that even possible?) and John knew he had to give the poor man a way out.
"I call it alive." Sebastian countered.
“Mmm. Yes well, needs must. “
“I love you.”  John blurted out the words even as his brain screamed at him, what the actual fuck?!
“I’ll agree, I have my moments.” Sherlock’s voice pitched low and John could feel the deep resonance of Sherlock’s words in his very bones. The hunger that never strayed far, began to uncoil low and smoldering in John.
Sherlock's whole body shivered at the sound. In Sherlock's mind when John laughed the gods where pouring pearls down from Elysium, just for him. It took a moment for John's laughter to die down, when it did, his eyes fell on Sherlock and John gave a contented sigh. Still in a mischievous mood.
Sherlock smiled at this and huffed a little. "Let's not and say we did. What are we going to do, stuck here in this oh-so-very cliche blizzard?"
"So you're just going to walk out on him on your wedding day?" John's voice now held an edge to it that seemed to bring home Elliot's point in a nutshell.
“Dr. Watson. Back from the dead I see. I’m sure Sherlock was overjoyed to...”
"Lestrade, could you give us a minute." This was not a question.
"Hello John." Irene offered a pretty smile.
“Mmm.” John nodded slightly in agreement not trusting himself with words.
Balquhidder, Lochearnhead, Perthshire,Scotland
~Must Bring Flyer~
“Hello J.” Mercy was prepared for John’s wrath upon finding out that their meeting went badly.
Thank you.
Sherlock's face deepened to a rose color. English rose, John thought. Sherlock cleared his throat.
The truth or dare followed the same rules as had the one before it. With one notable difference. D'Lacy, seemed to take a passive approach at running the game. Giving suggestions and goading players in the direction he wanted. John was not an admirer of anything fake, so when presented with it, it seemed glaringly obvious to him. Most of the truths and dares where centered around something sexual or secret or both. Some were silly, take all your kit off and put it back on upside down, sing your favorite childhood cartoon theme song in character. But the majority were the former and not the latter. John didn't know what the end game was, but he had to agree with Sherlock. Something was off. The last dare of the night was a young woman named Netty Gilmore. Paul dared her to run through the ad-mit building naked. She stripped, was given a very small blanket to wrap in, and was told to live stream it as she went. Everyone watched on their mobiles as the deed was done. Netty, returned to a cheering crowd high off adrenaline, she put her kit back on and the night came to a close as the players left one by one. When only John and Paul remained John ventured a question.
Sherlock smirked at the slight stiffening of the soldiers back. He’d only laid eyes on his savior briefly, but sparks were quick like that weren’t they? Burning out forgotten in seconds, with  no danger whatsoever, or igniting an uncontrollable blaze. Sherlock wanted to throw himself into the flames.
"There was just this...almost sinister undertone the whole time. I don't know maybe it's just the location." John rubbed Sherlock's feet absently.
Sherlock was cornered. Obviously there were a thousand different ways out of this situation but Sherlock couldn't see a single one. What he could see was the look of love and adoration that always shone in John's eyes turn into bitter disappointment. In the end Sherlock cursed himself for the worst kind of fool.
Founded by Mohammed Yusuf in 2002, the group has been led by Abubakar Shekau since 2009. From March 2015 to August 2016, the group was briefly aligned with the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. Since the current insurgency started in 2009, Boko Haram has killed tens of thousands and displaced 2.3 million from their homes[22] and was ranked as the world's deadliest terror group by the Global Terrorism Index in 2015.
John tilted his head back and gazed up into the stain glass canopy of leaves a soft breeze made the shadows dance and cool the sweat on his brow. John couldn’t help but think that when India wasn’t trying to fuckin kill him it was rather beautiful. John sighed took a drink of water and rechecked his coordinates. Just up ahead through the arch of the open air temple should put him right on the mark. He looped his GPS to his belt and pulled out his L9A1 before walking on. The temple was divided into light and dark long and narrow for its length, it darkened towards the end were there was an ancient alter carved onto the rock wall cast in cool shadow by the mountain behind it. There were two more arched openings one to John’s left and right with stone steps wondering off  into the jungle. John trained his gun on the tall black clad figure coming up the path on his left. His gaze deceived him, John’s aim faltered, and his arms dropped.
"Yes John I know! We should have left yesterday. I shouldn't have gone back to look at the body again. I should have seen it the first time." Sherlock whirled about as he spoke unconsciously trying to relieve some of his angry tension.
"No. I know you weren't." Sherlock put his hand back on John's chest for reassurance.
“So basically because of a misunderstanding you ran off to Cameroon in hopes of getting yourself killed.” John raised an eyebrow. Sherlock ignored it. “I tried to get you back, to explain but Mycroft wouldn’t help. He said, if you survived Boko Haram, then whatever followed was the will of the Gods and he’d never say another word on the subject.”
“Hello Mercy.” John took a bite of an apple, and pulled open the curtains overlooking the moors.
~Up For Some Fun?~
Trust. Alright. I won't pursue Owen.
“Only for a second. Then he’d be crowding in with us and stealing your cigarette.” John said fondly and sadly.
But the bitter pill of reality would not be denied.
John, went to his knees in front of his asset, he shoved the pan of water out of the way, ripped off his balaclava, and put the mans icy feet into it. John dug his hand into one of his cargo pockets and pulled out two Mylar blankets. He put one around the mans shoulders and the other across his lap. John spoke softly as he cut the mans ties.  “Mr. Holmes, you’re safe now. I’ve got you, and I’ll get you some place warm soon.”
Sherlock had not missed John's use of the word "we" and he felt a thrill at the implications. Would that same "we" be pondering the thought of children one day? No, Sherlock couldn't think that John wanted those things with him. But why had he said we? It made no sense. John's next question snapped Sherlock's mind back.
"No time for honor at the moment Mr. Holmes. Your brother promised me he's on his way back to you. I ask that you see that he makes it as quickly and as safely as possible."
"I don't know. You and a baby. Little boy, bright blue eyes. Thick curls. Maybe you should give it some thought. But for now considering what we do for a living maybe a dog. Children later, when things are less...."
"Doubtful. Take a look at your laptop, it's the layout of the black site. What do you see?"
"Yes John all that was glaringly obvious. I was talking about now. With the time that we're cooped up. I don't suppose cousin Brandabas has a Cluedo game laying around somewhere."
"No you're not John, it's me. I'm real." Sherlock had to hold back his own tears and he wanted to reach out and touch John to hold him and make all the pain melt away, but didn't dare. John seemed frail to the touch, and Sherlock feared he may break.
“I know. We’ll have to work on that.” John tugged lightly on Sherlock's shirt front indicating for him to bend down for a kiss. Sherlock smiled and gave up his soft lips to John's request.
John looked about the room that had once been a fiver star hotel and smiled. Impossible posh boy.
“Not the tactic I had planned on using no.” John felt himself bristle at the idea.
John tipped his head toward the fire, and reached out to refill Sherlock scotch, handing it back to him he said.
Wales.
"Described it." John went on.
"Sit John, and don't pay Irene any attention."
"Twat!" John smiled.
"Look at me. You don't keep me safe. We. Keep each other safe. Now if you want to go to Mycroft's, fine, we'll go. We. Will. Go. Understood?" John tilted his head and raised his eyebrows.
Sooo yeah. Our boys can’t seem to get settled.
"My bed sheets smell like you. And it makes me hard."
“Blond, blue eyed, bearly shaven bit of a golden boy, too...rough, not...delicate enough for you.”
“Go on then.” Harbinger sounded less then encouraging, indicating that John should tell her who that man was.
(See the end of the chapter for
“In a day or two.” John replaced his L9A1 at the small of his back.
"Any word from Dutch?"
The paper slowly lowered. “Young man I don’t know who you think I am...”
John.
"I can't."
"Finally." Lestrade grinned, as hit the stairs.
"Not sure. I need to think." Sherlock pushed his cup aside and made to stand.
Are there more flyers? Do our boys get closer? Is it a kitten?
As promised, aforementioned eventual smut.
John tensed, each muscle too strained to continue to hold himself aloft, he wrapped his arms under Sherlock’s shoulder blades, pulling him close his belly pressed against Sherlock’s cock, burring his face in the crock of his neck.
"Bedroom Love?" Johns voice was heavy and dark as he came up and kissed and biting the hollow of Sherlock's beautiful neck.
“Not really my thing.” John leaned on the bar and ordered two glasses of scotch.
Sherlock’s strides carried him quickly toward his destination. All the while his mind raced with a bevy of possible scenarios for the evening, he was keyed up and ready for the game to begin.  So running smack into John Watson at the far end of the covered walk had been nowhere on Sherlock’s rader.
“I can’t wait to spend the rest of my life with you.” What? That was just idiotic.
“I love you to the moon and back.” What the hell did the 477,710 mile distance have to do with love?
”Mercy.”
The assassin literally jumped from the shadows dressed like a ninja. He was not a ninja. John had fought real ninja. This man in costume was a far cry from the real thing. The fight was quick, and completely unwinable. SAS, didn’t stand for Always prepared, but it may as well have.
“Nam nuzhny otvety g-n Kholms.”
There's a very unwelcome gust in the flat.
My work.
“Hello J.”
Soon. But for now I’d just like to keep in contact. Fair enough?
“Before we break I’m going to need a new SAT phone link, and a clean mobile line. Call sign Angus Og.”
When last we left our boys Sherlock and John had found their way back to each other. But things are never so easy...
16. What would be a question you would be afraid to tell the truth to?
John tossed the apple in the bin and closed the curtains. “Keep her alive until I get there. I’m on my way.”
”Thank you, Mercy.”
"No."
"May I ask what you think it is?"
"Yes please."
Irene went back to the pitch. The game had ended with a win for the Kings Men, and John though happy for the his team and the win, Irene could see him searching the stands with disappointed eyes. Once they fell on her they headed towards each other.
“Fuck all if you don’t too.” John countered sounding a bit less outraged then he’d intended. They both laughed.
"So, can I be invited to the next one too?" Paul looked up from burning his flyer with too pale eyes.
~Waldorf Astoria Berlin~
"Alright, alright. What was the question? Something about sleeping. Yes. Okay. So how do I sleep? Yes? I sleep...all over, and naked. All of the above and none of the above. There."
The sick nasty words reverberated off the walls and made Sherlocks skin crawl. His eyes scanning the darkness for movement. There! Sherlock moved back as the man jumped from the shadows swinging wildly and although Sherlock was by no means a fighter, he was still quite strong, and he was after all a genius. Sherlock, side stepped as the killer lunged at him and used his momentum to push the man to the ground. The butcher scrambled up reaching for the table full of knives. Sherlock, grabbed the closet blade and stepped back at the ready.
"They're grown men now. So yes I can. All I need is names." John was all seriousness as he looked at Sherlock over the rim of his raised glass.
“Tell me, why do the Russian’s want you?”  John asked as he worked.
"John." Pure honey. It flowed into Johns very soul.
Sherlock made it three blocks before he turned down an ally and slammed himself against a wall, sliding down to sit on the dank chilled pavement, folding his knees to his chest, he wailed. The pain was crushing, and his shuttering breaths burned his chest. Sherlock stayed there for hours. Screaming and crying into his coat sleeves hiccuping slight incoherent sounds. When he finally crawled out of the ally in the small hours of the gray London morning it was to find the nearest drug den.
Sherlock woak to a world that seemed to buzz with a bright warm haze. Sherlock made a mental scan of his body, and found that he was hungry, and more tired then he'd ever been but aside from that and being sore from head to toe, he felt fine. No more then that he felt good. No withdrawal symptoms, just the weakness that follows. He stood on wobbly legs from the sofa he'd been situated on and went in search of John. Sherlock found him standing on a stone patio, looking out at the country hills.
"Jesus." John hiss rolling his hips into Sherlock who jutted up to deepen each thrust. John braced his forearms on either side of Sherlock's head and kissed and marked a hot path over Sherlock's neck, and collar bones, ghosting words of love and forever over his rose hued skin, driving rhythmically and hard into Sherlock's center.
~William Sherlock Scott Holmes~
"Is he alive?!" Sherlock yelled in the doctors face, completely out of patience.
"True. So there's some buzz in the underworld that a preview of sorts is happening this weekend in Cairo. It's for anyone who can afford the buy in."
"How can I help?"
Sherlock walked to Ruskin Park alone after texting Irene but warning her to stay away so as not to tanit the data. She agreed but not without a fight. Or a plan.
Sherlock smiled even though he was a little winded from the bit of man handling but none the worse for ware. “Well I’m saving your life obviously.”
"I didn't have a choice. He would have kept coming for you and I had to stop him at all cost."
"I know what Thomas did to you.  I know why you don't trust me. But I'm not him and I won't hurt you. Ever. I'm a good man."
It has been a long and dangerous road for our boys, and it seems to be coming to an end. Or is it?
Helloo. The Cold East Wind here. I don't even have a good excuse for why this chapter took so long. Apologies. Oh, watch for falling smut.(There's smut ahead)
"Exactly. How is he supposed to defend his medical prowess in his absence if not for me?" Sherlock looked doe eyed and innocent.
"What are you doing here?"  Thomas asked as he an a couple of his mates sat behind Sherlock a few steps up.
Three days and three long nights had passed since the case had closed, and John and Sherlock had been spent their days much the same as always, Sherlock solving cases that where fours or fives by text, and simply ignoring anything less, John reading, making tea, and doing a bit of tidying around Sherlock's less explosive of experiments. They're nights, had been...well...tentative and sweet if not a little frustrating. John, "the saint" not wanting to push Sherlock, into anything he wasn't ready for, just enjoying and revealing in the fact that this was real. Sherlock, had seemed edgy and John didn't know what to make of it. Was Sherlock having second thoughts and realizing that this was not after all what the genius had wanted?
“Up you get.” John put his arm under Sherlock’s arms and hefted him up. His breathing was shallow and his lags wobbly. He fell into John’s arms gracelessly. John took his weight with ease and helped  him into bed. Sherlock let himself be handled, he found that he had come to trust this man, and knew that he would be gentle and effective. Sherlock wondered if that’s the kind of lover he would be as well? Sherlock hoped not. He half laughed at the thought, when John’s words began to mash with his thoughts.
Mr. Ice Water, said as he gently moved a half frozen curl off Sherlock’s face.
”What do you think?”
“Biblically.”
“Good. You have six hours including your turnaround. Not a second long.”
John and Irene lay silently side by side in bed stairing up at the ceiling. Irene spoke first.
“Oh Johnny Boy, because you’re on the side of the angels.”
John looked back at Thomas, who was trying in vain to stop the flow of blood from his nose and curse at the same time. “You’ll pay for this Watson! You’ll pay for it and so will that little fuck boy of yours!” Thomas spat the words at the two of them, edging closer, Sherlock could feel John clench and unclench his fist at Thomas’s words, ready to finish what he had started, but Sherlock’s steadying hand on John’s for arm calmed him immediately. Sherlock tugged gently.
A Hasty Departure
(“No.”)
“No, but my asset can’t keep pace like this.”
John grabbed Sherlock by the waist and forced him against the wall with his body. “How in the hell do you keep finding me?”
“That was work.”
John’s mobile buzzed.
“Sooo. You have something for me?” Jim lightly drummed his fingers on the table and licked his lips in a wolfish grin. It was clear he wasn’t asking about uranium. John tried not to frown at the Irishman but it was becoming harder to ignore his tone.
Sherlock tried catching the digit in his mouth and continued to speak. "I am aware that you brought me here to...familiarize myself with your people..."
~Listen here you little twat! I haven’t spoken to John *yet* but if you keep up this way, I’ll go track him down right this minute. I’m trying to give you time to do the right thing~
“Oi, been callin, I know you don’t like to talk well...you know, thought you’d text back by now.” Lestrade came to an abrupt hult at the top landing and gave Sherlock a puzzled look when he tried to side step him into the sitting room.  Sherlock frowned but didn’t move. Not out of the way at least, Lestrade moved a hair to the right Sherlock leaned into his path.
This was skirting far too close to topics Sherlock didn’t want John to know about. Not yet anyway. He wasn’t ready for John to see him in that light. Diminished. No longer the moon of his life, but the common junkie he allowed himself to become.
Sherlock hesitated at the edge of John’s bed, fairly vibrating, fingers spidered up the bed sheet, he raised trembling hands to the sides of John’s golden weathered face, and kissed him slow and familiar, like a lover coming home after a long absence.
John held his hand up for silence, his asset apparently was a genius because he shut his mouth and seemed to come to attention. John signaled for him to get down and picked up his L96A1, he turned off the only light in the room and stepped out onto the porch that lined the front of the lodge. John looked through his scope and quickly found eight Russian’s, fanned out three hundred yards from the lodge. John had to commend them for upping their numbers, but it would do them no good. He waited for his first trip wire to be discovered, and his second to be totally unexpected. John smiled as the explosion took out two of the would be assaillants. Bullets then began to cut through the air and pelt the wall to John’s left and right. Un phased  he raised his sniper rifle and deftly took out the remaining targets. Because that’s all they were. Targets. Nothing more.
"Well of course he is. But who would he have to blame for his sexuality then?" Sherlock shrugged.
"The second one please." Her eyebrows arched sharply.
“Sorry?” John asked.
"Sherlock, put your mobile away."
"John I think we need to be clear." Sherlock swallowed a mouthful of scotch before he went on. "I am no shrinking violet, or some milksop afraid of a little pain. I know what I want. And all that it entails. That should put our roles into perspective for you." Sherlock had moved steady closer while he spoke and had dropped his voice to that ridiculously low resister that John could feel resonate throughout his body.
“Thank you Mercy.”
"Good. I need them all to stay where they are and report all the chatter on anyone buying selling or interested in Sarin. This is our main focused."
Sherlock wanted to give John his privacy he really did but he’d known the call was from Mercy which could only mean one thing. A job. Where now? Sherlock thought, hell itself? Sherlock sprang up from the sofa and began to pace the room occasionally casting glances towards the master suite. He wanted to run to John throw his arms around him and just stay until time ran out...
John eased gingerly behind the wheel of the Land Rover and put in the cordants for team Methos location. Then he made a call. The exchange between the two men was brisk, but not unfriendly.
“Would that be a metaphorical or literal fire Dr. Watson?”
"Fine. But you do exactly as Lestrade says." Sherlock huffed and rolled his eyes by way of answer, and darted for the stairs. He re emerged just as quickly, grabbing John by his shoulders and pressed kiss to his lips. Only to turn and rush back out.
John was silent for a moment smiling fondly at the trio on the balcony. "He's here because I was seriously thinking about proposing to him at the stroke of midnight, city of love and all, but that's too cliche and the twat that he is he would give me shit about it until we were in our graves, so with that off the table, he's here because I love him." John watched the animated conversation going on outside with an expression of warmth and love."He's important to me and by bringing him here to meet all of you that should tell you just how much. Was that a risky move? I suppose so, but what is love if not risk? I hope that answers your questions Bishop, and any that the rest of the team may have. Now if you'll excuse me it's almost midnight and you two need to figure out who to kiss." John let his words sink into the silence for a minute then dislodged himself from between the two and made his way to the balcony.
"Sounds...interesting. How would it work?" Sherlock held out his  long arm and shook his glass for a refill. John obliged and topped his own off as well.
"Thomas!" He stopped and looked back at a still very pissed Irene "Never touch me again."
John’s own brilliant smile and outstretched hand said it all. “DI Lestrade, I hear you’re the least incompetent of the bunch.”
“He’s quite fit your mate, how did a Freak like you get a man like that to go anywhere with him? Did you pay him to pretend to be your friend? Caused you’d have to pay me.” Sally talked more to herself then to Sherlock.  “I may have a run at that one. May even have to thank you later Freak.”
"John. What...what was that?" John saw the opportunity to state the obvious here, but knew it was the wrong time. The moment was fragile. And Sherlock for all his bluster was fragile too.
