“Mine as well, some of them are really into writing stories lately,” Molly said and smiled warmly at John. “Good idea, John.”
Sherlock did. He reacted immediately, stood up from his chair and grabbed John by his arms to lift him up. “Come on; you need some air. Outside, now.”
“Nonsense, that’s what friends are for. Just promise me you’ll call me if you need anything or if you need company. You need people.”
The next day, John arrived early at Bartholomew’s State School, feeling excited. For the first time in months, there had been a reason to get up in the morning, so when he got up, he had a lot of energy. He had run six miles, gave himself a proper shave and had cleaned his apartment and still managed to be ready to go to his new job an hour early. He was just so eager to start his new career.
Maggie shifted a little closer. “Sherlock, you did so well. I’m so proud of you for sharing this. You know I have to ask you one last question, right?”
“He can be quite a challenge and a pretentious know-it-all, and he is not afraid to say what he thinks at all. He can be quite harsh and doesn’t always have the best social skills, but once you get to know him, he’s the most caring person you know. He’s incredibly smart and has a very sharp eye for detail. Very resourceful and creative, too.”
John didn’t move. He felt foolish. Sherlock had been going through something today, and here he was, yelling at the man for not taking care of himself and threatening him with his big brother if Sherlock didn’t go to sleep. Once again, he was utterly amazed at how much strength Sherlock showed by telling him this. And at the same time, it hurt like hell to hear these things, especially when John couldn’t do anything about it.
Before Sherlock could speak, someone interrupted him. “Can I get you two anything? A refill, something to eat?”
My throat suddenly feels very dry, and I’m unable to look away. The suit hugs him in all the right places, and the off-white of his shirt accentuates his golden skin tone, making him look years younger.
Mycroft ignored his brother and started to explain. "He passed out and got sick afterwards. We had to stop the session."
“Sally, enough,” Lestrade warned. Donovan backed off immediately and decided to check on the crime scene, leaving her boss and John behind.
This stung. Of course, John didn’t want to either. He knew Mycroft cared much more for his brother then he showed.
John felt his heart ache a little. He knelt on the floor and put his hands on the shoulders of the boy and girl opposite him. “Of course we’re not mad. You did the right thing.” He gave them a small, reassuring smile before he continued. “Where’s Alice now?”
John looked into the room briefly. Several nurses were busy  administering medications or preparing things. He was able to catch a glimpse of Sherlock and instantly knew what was going on. This was bad.
Sherlock swung around and glared at John. “Why?” He spat. “So you can introduce me to her? How adequate of you.” He couldn’t keep his anger from his voice.
Before I can register them, he seals his words with a passionate kiss. “I do hope this token is only temporary,” he whispers against my lips.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock said, finally in a small voice. Before John could attempt in another way to try to comfort him, he stood up from his chair and walked over the living room.
Sherlock raised his own arms and pulled John closer. “I’m happy you chose to come with Mycroft as well, John,” he mumbled against his shoulder.
“He’s hurt. The injuries he has suggested he was tortured back there. Multiple breaks, a heavy concussion, contusions, internal bleeding probably. They found gamma-hydroxybutyrate in his blood.”
Sherlock let out a frustrated groan and threw his arm away from his head. "For God's sake, I'm not sick!" he growled, looking in John's eyes. "There was just too much to cope with during the session, and my body couldn't handle the stress."
Sherlock nodded. “I’m starting to believe he was wrong, though.” With that, he had decided he told John enough and started to walk away.
Sherlock nodded in response, and Patrick bend over the chart again. "And do you have someone to take care of you at home, Mr Holmes?"
John chuckled. Even though she could be incredibly annoying, he couldn’t be mad at his sister. Not for long, at least. “Ta, Harry. It’s okay.”
That was odd. Sherlock had written a note for John every time he had to teach the next day and John had done the same if Sherlock would be teaching the next day. He was sure there would be a note somewhere. He looked again, searched under the map, in the stack of paper on the corner of the desk, looked for it on the ground, but he found nothing.
Harry seemed to consider this for a moment. “That’s definitely true. And please, John, don’t get me wrong. I’m happy for you, thrilled even! It just didn’t occur to me, that’s all,” she explained, giving John an apologetic smile.
“They look nice Penny, All-Stars, right?” The girl was practically beaming at him and nodded. She went to her seat, and soon the rest of the class entered the classroom one by one. John’s mind formed a plan while he greeted his students.
But he was cut off by someone entering the door. A young woman with hazel brown hair tied in a ponytail walked inside with two cups of coffee.
“Always, Sally.” Sherlock looked at her for a moment and sniffed the air. “I even know you didn’t make it home last night.”
Sherlock suddenly reminded himself that he should do something and hesitantly placed his free hand on the back of John’s head. John answered by reaching up to cup his cheek with his own free hand and pulled Sherlock a bit closer, deepening their kiss. Sherlock felt the soft brush of John’s tongue against his lips. He realized it was a silent question, one he was only eager to answer. He opened his lips a bit and let his tongue touch John’s, trying to capture his taste. He tasted like toothpaste and tea, fresh and spicy and uniquely
Lestrade nodded. “One of the victims was kidnapped. We have reasons to believe he is torturing them.”
They stood there for several minutes, John slumped against Sherlock’s chest with his own chest heaving and tears flowing freely, and Sherlock with John’s hands in his, patiently waiting for the doctor to calm down.
When John came back from the kitchen with two cups of tea, Sherlock made up his mind. He really didn’t want to be here. “I should go,” he said and raised himself hastily from the chair.
John didn’t miss the accusing tone in his voice, but couldn’t quite place it. What was Sherlock talking about?
Luckily Greg does, nods, and takes over the suspect so I can take off. I run as fast as I can and try to get my phone simultaneously, so I have a bit of light. Within seconds, I swing open the office door and feel my heart sink.
John stared at the text. He knew what Sherlock was implying, but he decided it would be fun to tease him a little since he didn’t ask anything.
“Fibers of some kind,” Sherlock said quickly. He eyed John for a moment, hoping John would get the message to not mention the photo. “Probably from an item of clothes the kidnapper wore when he got inside.”
There was another long pause. John watched how Sherlock tried to regain his composure. He closed his eyes again and took a couple of deep breaths. John didn't let go of Sherlock's knee, the warmth of his palm radiating through Sherlock's thin pyjama pants in hope to give him some comfort.
John shook his head. “I’ll make sure Alice is okay and carry her downstairs. But you guys are a lot faster without me, so I need you to go ahead of us. Don’t worry. We will be fine.”
Sherlock, for once, had respected that. But it didn’t do him any good. By the time John’s holiday was over, he had thought of every possible scenario that could happen to the doctor. So when John texted him a couple of hours ago with the message that his plane had landed and he would be back at the flat, Sherlock felt relief. But shortly after that, he felt angry. Because how could John be so incredibly stupid? How could he go on a holiday while he was a target of a criminal mastermind? And how could he have left Sherlock alone and let him deal with this situation by himself?
First things first. Hey guys! I'm sorry it took me so long to update. A lot of stuff happened at once and I had to focus on that first. But hey, I'm back!
Mycroft didn’t seem impressed. “You are if you are capable to see the bigger picture and make decisions not based on what’s the easiest option, but on what’s best for your patient, Ellen,” he told her matter-of-factly.
“All right,” Lestrade started. “The victim’s name is Tom Brandon, 41 years old. He lives in an apartment in the city centre, no wife, no kids. His family lives in Manchester. He’s a police officer for 17 years, came to our department two years ago when he moved from Manchester to London. We believe he was taken last night since he didn’t show up to work this morning.”
Sherlock looked up from his phone. “You texted him two hours ago. Your text wasn’t long, so it was someone you know and knows you’re in London. And got a reply right away, Lestrade always texts back immediately. It was obvious.”
“We heard the alarm and wanted to go downstairs, but Alice tripped and fell and hit her head against the table,” Kyle said quickly.
When he arrived at Bart’s on Thursday, he felt a lot more confident. His first encounter with his students on Monday went well, and he was happy to notice that once he stood in front of his class, he could still be the teacher he wanted to be. It felt like riding a bicycle; once you got the hang of it, you didn’t know how to do it differently.
The sound of the click of the door handle made them both jump, quickly letting go of each other’s’ hands and turned to the door.
John stood at the top of the stairs and sighed. He knew this was not a good idea at all. For a moment, he hesitated and tried to think of a last-minute excuse to keep Sherlock from taking this case. But he couldn’t. He didn’t have the heart to do so. Instead, he did the only thing he could do.
John didn’t know how to respond to that, so he decided it was best to keep quiet. He didn’t want to get his hopes up, but it seemed to go rather well. Better than the last couple of interviews, at least.
“After two months, they decided I was ready.” His voice sounded raw now, not entirely his own. “They gave me my own clients. But in those two months, I had formed a plan. Before someone could do something, I was able to deduce my clients’ darkest secrets and used it against them so I wouldn’t have to have sex with them. Everyone has secrets.”
With his cup of tea in his hand, John sat down in his chair and stared into the fire. For minutes, he just sat there, occasionally sipping his tea. For the first time in what looked like ages, his mind felt pleasantly blank and peaceful.
He clenched his phone between shoulder and chin so that he had his hands free to change. “Thank you. I'll be there as soon as I can. "
“I know it probably can’t beat Hills and it’s not the fancy place you had in mind, but… I don’t know; I thought you liked it and…” Sherlock mumbled. He looked down to his shoes, suddenly feeling incredibly insecure. “Never mind, it’s a stupid idea.”
“You’ll come to learn that anything can be real,” Sherlock explains. “All that has been imagined or created—no matter how absurd or incomprehensible—it exists somewhere in time, on some astral plane.”
Releasing his arms, William slides his palms down to tuck them behind John’s upper thighs. John gives in, wrapping his arms and legs around the taller man’s shoulders and hips.
He watches as Sherlock Holmes and John Watson fall to their deaths, amidst stifled sobs and hushed words—still clinging tightly to one another.
“He never did anything useful in his life,” she says. “...so why would he do anything useful in his death?” She clasps her hands together. “Anyhow! The night’s still young. What do you all want to do next?”
Gabriela turns and walks back to Sarah. They smile at one another, and she sinks to the ground, spreads Sarah open, and fucks her with her tongue.
Sherlock centers himself, sighing into John’s warm mouth as he nibbles at Sherlock’s bottom lip. He sweeps his tongue over it, and nibbles again, knotting his fingers through Sherlock’s curls and pressing his head in to deepen the kiss. Sherlock's mouth falls open, and he  wraps his long arms around John’s waist and inhales, and he's drowning in sensations: he’s tasting John and smelling him and holding him and loving him all at once.
Sherlock's throat goes dry. He can't remember a time since they've been here that he's felt John's touch.
When John wakes up at half past noon, Sherlock is still fast asleep. He rolls over and wraps his arms around him from behind; kisses the back of his neck and tells him good morning.
She smiles at him—the same sad smile she gave him in William's bedroom at The Strand. “You were saying his name, you know. While you slept."
“Tea!” He pulls himself from John’s wicked grasp, shaking off his own apparent hysteria, and darts towards the kitchen.
Mrs. Hudson is not wrong. Nobody is touching the wooden piece, but it’s drawing out long circular patterns on the board—as though controlled by an invisible force. Likely not by a ghost, however. Definitely not by a ghost. Ghosts aren’t real—and there are plenty of invisible forces that are real. Like static electricity and magnetism; like love and gravity.
John is immediately slammed with an acute sense of sadness and dread, but he catches himself before it spins out of control. He scans the article briefly before looking at the publication date.
William pulls away, his mouth kiss-swollen, and he stares back at him as though he's sure this is all a dream.
In Las Vegas, the sky is blue and cloudless and the air is dry. Hills and red rocks and green mountains spot the distant horizon. It’s balmy and 65 degrees Fahrenheit, unheard of to John for early January—and a dramatic change from the freezing rain and chilly winds of Boston.
Gabriela writhes and moans at her touch, and Sarah's fingertips eventually work their way down the front of her top. She massages her breasts wantonly until they pour out of her clothes, her nipples dark and round and hard as Sarah continues to tease them.
“Precisely!” Sherlock—abruptly impassioned—throws his arms into the air, unintentionally smashing a carbon proton into John’s face.
Unable to bear the wait any longer, their bodies and hands and mouths crash together all at once. Sherlock’s lips are on John’s, and John cradles his head in his hands, and they continue their clumsy ascent to the top of the staircase. Sherlock’s fingers scrabble over the buckle of John's belt; John unbuttons Sherlock's coat, sliding it off his shoulders and onto the ground.
“Yes, good.” John glances up at them briefly. They wave, and he politely nods. His head is too foggy with anger towards the tosser behind the bar to pay them any mind. “I apologise, Mike, but the bartender refuses to serve me.” He removes his bank card from his wallet. “This round is on me—but perhaps you’ll have better luck with him.”
A weight falls from Sherlock's chest. "Good. All I ask is that if you do cry, you warn me in advance so that I may figure out where my shoulders go."
Brook was a devout Catholic, and he would often quote verses from the Bible during our studies. He was aware that it drove me mad.
They talk casually for a bit, laughing and having fun, but they never approach any subject of importance.
“Of course!” She smiled. “It’s so nice that Sherlock has someone. After all, he’s been so lonely, dear. Up at all times of the night with that violin. Not to mention, getting those drugs busts every so often-”
“It’s fine, I’m already healing,” Sherlock said flippantly. John’s hand came up to caress Sherlock’s bottom lip. True to word, there was blood where it had been busted, but the skin was perfect underneath it.
Now, John remembered what it felt like to be shot. The horrid pain, and burning, and numbing coldness of shock that was more terrifying than the wound itself. He had been a soldier. He knew what weapons were capable of.
John noticed the bleach and chemical smell of hospital. He noticed the scratchy sheets, the uncomfortable gown, and the too-bright lights. He remembered the gunshot, and his abdomen was incredibly sore with the burning that comes with a bullet wound. He knew what hospital he was in; he remembered Harry telling him about it when he was at one of him more lucid moments.
"Excuse me, sir, but I'm going to have to ask you to sit and wait out here with the rest of Dr. Watson's friends," the largest doctor spoke up.
evil, clever man. If anyone ever touches your cock again, and it is not me, I will abuse every bit of power I wield to make them suffer for the rest of their pathetic lives."
Sherlock looked down at him through dark ashes, smiling a dangerous smile. “Well,” he said seductively, “is it working?”
“Wake up!” Sherlock yelled, panicking. It hadn’t been this bad in a long time. Finally, Sherlock tried to pin John down so he could try to reason with him when he wasn’t fighting imagined enemies.
“If there is, I’ll take being high. Being happy is overrated if it doesn’t feel like this,” Sherlock said. “Seriously, John, I am doing you a favor. Me trying to share this with you is the biggest gift I can give you in this friendship.”
“Sherlock, I want you to stop smoking that. It isn’t safe. There’s a reason it’s looked down upon to engage in such habits,” John tried to take the pipe away gently but Sherlock turned away, flailing his arms more dramatically than usual.
Ego autem confidebat. Amavi te, et promissa, et ego autem confidebat: I trusted you. I loved you, and you promised, and I trusted you
“Well, if he has so much stuff on people, wouldn’t it be Mycroft who steps in? He usually handles these people. You hate blackmail, afterall. You and I stomach the serial killers, and Mycroft sticks with the sick fucks who play head games. It’s been this way for centuries.”
At least, that happened until a certain consulting detective burst through the door, intent on taking in everything that had happened to him.
"I'll protect Sherlock," John interrupted. The brothers looked over to see the soldier in his beige jumper. His hair was a mess, and there were dark circles under his eyes. "It's my job, and I've done a fairly decent job of it over the years. I assure you I can continue to do it."
“Mmm prancing about in that tight purple shirt, those ridiculous black pants, artfully messing your hair, throwing yourself around while being the cleverest person in the room so loudly….it’s just like you are showing off your colors for me, like I’m a mate you’re trying to secure,” John giggled.
They walked quickly to each other. They locked eyes, just taking in the changes in the other's appearance for a minute before they found their foreheads touching. They both took a deep breath in as they took comfort in each other's presence. It meant being safe and secure after so long.
“You should have observed. You should have inferred. How would you feel if I ran off into dangerous situations where it’s a guarantee the other people have guns and you weren’t allowed to follow?” Sherlock snapped. “How powerless and miserable would you be?”
"We don't need your meddling, Mycroft!" Sherlock yelled. "Now talk about what you came to talk about, then leave."
“I...I am not used to these emotional interactions. Am I doing it wrong?” Sherlock asked. “Because you’re apologizing, but I’m the one feeling bad.”
"I see the master has found his lost puppy," Donovan placed a bouquet of flowers down on the table in the corner of the room. "Hello, Dr. Watson, please get well."
Mycroft held the shorter man to him by the back of his neck and the dip of his back. "I do not care how we know them. I do not care if I am on my death bed. I don't care if they are threatening to kill me. No one else is to touch you.
The silence remained in the waiting room until Harry walked out, early in the morning hours, to let them know John was stable and was being moved into a normal room, that they could meet him down there.
The next morning, John woke up with Sherlock curled possessively around him, feeling a bit like he had had a serious work out the night before. He turned over so he was facing Sherlock’s chest and buried his nose in his neck, breathing in the scent there. He tightened his own hold on the man while his nose continued to nuzzle his neck.
“John,we have known each other since the thirteenth century. We have killed for one another and been injured for one another. We are legally married. So do I think deciding to engage in physical pleasure, and probably experiencing mutual orgasms with one another in the twenty-first century, is moving too quickly? No, I can’t say I do.” Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“I do. I just figured things didn’t work out, dear,” she gave him a understanding expression, patting his hand. Sherlock got an exasperated look on his face.
“Lestrade, could we reschedule this little get-together?” John asked, looking over at him with a tight smile. The Detective Inspector, relieved to get out of the tense situation, nodded and ducked out quickly. “Sherlock, why didn’t you talk to me about this before?”
“Since when have I done what I was told?” Sherlock asked, his voice causing John’s head to vibrate slightly due to its proximity to Sherlock’s neck. John grinned, reaching a hand around to pat Sherlock on the bum.
John rolled his eyes, standing up and walking to the wardrobe despite his being completely bare. Sherlock sat up, missing the warmth and weight John had. He piled the blanket on his lap.
“I...have you ever been responsible for taking a man’s life?” John asked quietly. Lestrade looked surprised, then distracted, then guilty.
The screaming echoed through the flat. Sherlock was in the kitchen working on an experiment related to decomposition rates when he heard the pained sounds coming from upstairs. He stood, thinking something was wrong before realizing what must be going on. Every time John returned from war, he dealt with the nightmares. Sometimes they lasted a week and made him yell orders, but those were the less violent ones. When he was injured, they became worse and lasted longer. Considering he had been shot after years of exposure, these were bound to be the bad kind. The screaming always disconcerted Sherlock, though.
"Don't be too hard on him, Anderson. The Freak has finally found love," Donovan smirked. Sherlock glared. Anger at the pair of them was easier to face than the anger with himself or the Russian Assassin he would happily tear apart bone by bone, ligament by ligament, until he begged for mercy.
“I mean that the case has been taken over by MI6. Apparently it was a bit more serious than we had originally thought,” Lestrade shook his head. “So Sherlock will not be able to figure it out, which always bothers him.”
"Oh no, he understands perfectly; and as for talking... trust me when I say you should be grateful he won't speak. He can be quite the arse when he wants to be."
"Irene's lover was killed because of Charles Augustus Magnussen. That means that Irene has information that could bring Magnussen down, freeing plenty of people," Sherlock gave him a level gaze. Mycroft glowered.
"What's going on, freak?" Donovan asked. She followed his gaze and gasped at the sight of her boss and the doctor.
“Oh, it’s always that story you bring up! I let you have your office in Rio for awhile, and look at how that turned out! It caught on fire,” Sherlock gave him a look.
"Well, I was investigating a double homicide. However, a soldier just came to tell me you had been shot. So now I am seeing just what the hell you are doing getting injured while Scotland Yard stares on," he gave the team a look. Most had the good sense to look somewhat ashamed and attempt to not pay attention.
“I’ve got you,” he stopped holding John down and instead just held him. He laid on him fully, arms going under John’s and clinging. He rubbed his nose up and down John’s cheek, disrupting the tear tracks. “You’re okay, you’re safe, you’re safe, I have you…”
“Aww, don’t be upset,” John turned back to him, kissing Sherlock to distract him. He leaned over him, deepening the kiss when the doorbell rang through the flat.
“-that Magnussen has something on my brother and on those working around him? Yes, I am. So I am not only doing this because it is interesting, I am also helping out my brother and the British Government.”
"Fine, we can have a…a poker night with Lestrade! Why do you need her? You have me!" Sherlock was breathing heavily. John was struck dumb by the uncharacteristic display of emotion.
“I know you didn’t know. I ensured you didn’t, because being a soldier makes you happy and I will not go out of my way to stop your happiness, despite how every one of his lot views me as a selfish bastard,” he pointed to Lestrade who looked very awkward. “And maybe I am, because your happiness is crucial to my own. That means that I will nurse your wounds and deal with the PTSD and let you go off to be shot at whenever you find yourself bored, but please don’t act like it’s easy for me. Because I barely sleep and barely eat and have to fill my time with ridiculous bloody puzzles so as to keep distracted, especially considering you are so against me inhaling a little nicotine.” Sherlock licked his lip, looking away to calm his emotions after his little rant.
Sherlock didn't hesitate to go marching through the doors, but he was blocked by two doctors and a nurse.
"Sherlock," John said, sounding as if he were doing the same thing on the other end of the phone. "What are you doing?"
John's breathing patterns had increased, indicating he was awake. It wasn't surprising, as he was only recently home from Afghanistan, and he was sleeping in a stressful environment constantly there, always on alert. The slightest of noises could wake him up anymore, so a voice was as good as an alarm.
"I would say I'm sorry, if that was what this situation called for," Sherlock said. "But judging by your reaction…I would assume that-"
“Oh my!” Mrs. Hudson laughed. “Goodness me, I wasn’t told! Don’t I feel silly. And here I am babbling about married life…”
“What I need your help with, Mr. Holmes, is finding someone. I need you to find someone, and then tell me how to get rid of him. See, I collect insurance in my job. Bits of information here and there that ensure that I get protection when I need it. Unfortunately, a client of mine gave me some information on someone that didn’t want to be vulnerable. And then he sent out a hit to get my attention. He wanted to be sure I got the message, so he killed my lover. Now, I’m angry. And I am looking for help.” Irene had a hard set to her face that proved she was no longer playing her dominatrix game. Instead, she was a warrior like out of some Amazonian tribe. It was interesting.
“That’s...that’s interesting,” John smiled. His face became serious gradually. “Sherlock, are you ready to go?”
“I,” Sherlock said, hands continuing their activity; he leaned forward, lips brushing John’s ear. “am massaging my very tense war hero.” He pressed a firm kiss to the space under his ear. John bit his lip, repressing any reactions. “John, don’t hide yourself from me.”
“John, stop it!” Sherlock giggled, then immediately went silent as he fought the noises coming out of his mouth.
“I’m certainly not letting you suffer here for eternity,” John looked appalled that anyone would consider him capable of such an atrocity.
"John," Sherlock stopped just before their mouths touched; his breath fanned out across John's face. "Why did you jump in from of the bullet?"
It didn't stop him from jumping in front of the bullet the second the man's finger flexed over the trigger.
“Who would volunteer for both? You must be addicted to the thrill, but forced to retire to meager guard work by that limp in your leg. Tell me, were the circumstances traumatic?”
"Consciously- about three minutes; subconsciously- likely since you didn't tell me to piss off," he admitted. "How long have you been willing to accept such…physical display of emotion?"
"My partner," Sherlock snapped. "Legally, he's my husband, but we don't really take fondly to those terms. Now may I use your phone?" Sherlock, despite all the years he had been alive, still had no more patience than when he was living through his first two decades.
"I never got it fixed; it still has the hole from where I got shot," John cleared his throat like he did when situations got emotional or awkward.
John looked up at Sherlock, his deep blue eyes both angry and disbelieving, but there was a heat in there that had nothing to do with being upset.
"I'm here to take you for your x-rays, Mr. Holmes," the technician said as she walked around him to wheel him out of the room.
At that time, John had delved into medicine. Although he had been a soldier for the first century of his life, his passion was in helping people. It was something that endeared him to Sherlock. John had a very dual-natured personality. Both a killer and a healer, personable while also despising the average population, caring and ruthless, patient with a violent temper; he could also be quite clever but also had a tendency to be a bit idiotic or blind when it came to the mysteries Sherlock so adored. He was a brilliant conductor of light.
"The scarf?" It took a lot to surprise his baby brother, and Mycroft was proud he had accomplished it.
"I suppose I'm grateful for that," Mycroft watched as Greg danced with Molly. Mycroft danced, sure, but not unless the situation called for it. He wasn't gifted with his brother's grace.
"John, evidently," Sherlock glared. "John, who was in Afghanistan, and has been shot. So if I could use someone's mobile phone, that would be lovely!"
"I got shot in the shoulder while taking care of one of the fallen men. He was twenty-three, Sherlock," John sighed. Sherlock could practically see him rubbing his hand over his eyes.
“Please listen to what I say: the human heart is foolish—and sentiment may have gotten the better of us, but this is not a game. I mean it when I tell you this must end here. From the time you walk through that door, whatever your heart tells you to do in regards to me—you must ignore it. Do not succumb to the what-ifs or the fantasies of what could have been. Do not waste another second of your time thinking of me.”
Sarah spins her forwards, wrapping her arms around her waist from behind. As they sway together, Sarah dips her head to softly kiss her neck. Gabriela rolls her hips luxuriously as Sarah glides her fingers over her abdomen, her strokes becoming wider until she’s massaging Gabriela's breasts through her blouse.
When John wakes again, several hours have passed. It's darker than dark now, and Sherlock is no longer there.
“Marci?!” John exclaims. He slumps forwards a bit into Molly, and she guides him to a chair where he can sit down. “What are you doing here?” he asks. “Is Stamford okay?” He swallows nervously, his eyes falling to her midsection. “And, um—aren’t you supposed to be pregnant?“
Molly sighs. “I realise that we didn’t plan for John to show up, and that it complicates things. But—he’s already here, which puts him at the same level of danger as the rest of us.”
"I love you," John rumbles into Sherlock's ear. This causes a jolt of electricity to surge from Sherlock's abdomen and through his pubic region, coming to rest in the form of his own growing arousal.
He keeps their fingers close as they come to a fire escape, and as he pulls the staircase down, and as they ascend the stairs to the topmost storey of the building. And he keeps them close as they jump off the ladder and onto the rooftop, and as they go near the edge, to observe a sprawling view of London.
When it does, he goes still and silent, utterly overwhelmed by the pleasure. He releases a long, rattling sigh, his legs quivering as he pours himself into his hand.
John laughs, reaching over to push a lock of hair behind his ear. “This is our first time waking up together in one of our actual beds. Perhaps we should make it a habit.”
Following their unscheduled—though enjoyable—rendezvous, John and Sherlock don their spectacular couple’s costume. Each of them wears a chest piece, created by Sherlock—with twelve small foam balls masterfully glued together at the front. Thin wires are wrapped around their shoulders and waists, forming large circles; three additional foam balls are attached to each wire. And of course, to ensure the highest accuracy possible, there are exactly six balls of each colour.
"So...?" Sherlock whispers back. "Am I to presume that Donovan and Anderson decided to dress up as people with actual personalities for Halloween?"
"You weren't." Sherlock pushes himself up to look down at John. “You didn't startle when you woke, although I was quite loud and close. Because you were already awake, and you knew I would try to rouse you."
“You can thank me later.” Molly winks at him as she slides John’s jacket back over his arms. “Go. Gabriela is waiting for you.”
As he settles in, the driver looks into the rearview mirror at him. “Good morning.” His voice is light and cheerful, and he speaks with a charming Irish lilt. “John, right? It’s a pleasure to finally meet you. I'm Jim."
Sherlock reaches out his arms to take John's head into his hands, and he gazes up at him for a few seconds before kissing him on the forehead. “You have all the evidence you need, John. Believe it."
“I’m happy to help." The driver turns the steering wheel, pulling the limousine out into the street. “Sherlock’s one of my closest friends. He misses you terribly, you know.”
Sherlock shrugged. “Fine, I won’t.” He let his gaze fall back to the file, but he couldn’t fight the panic he was starting to feel. Now would be a good time for John to step in. Where was he, anyway?
The paramedics wheeled John inside the ambulance, and the doors closed, leaving Sherlock standing there nailed to the ground. Lestrade came to stand next to him and watched how the ambulance drove off.
John ran his other hand, trough Sherlock's dark, thick curls. A simple, loving gesture. It was full of meaning and emotion, but John was too tired to wrap his mind around it. The fatigue hit in, making it hard to keep his eyes open. His head felt heavy. Slowly, he sank and rested his head next to Sherlock's, still holding his hand. He quickly fell asleep, and for a couple of hours, everything seemed under control.
His attention was drawn to the sudden movements that Sherlock made. His heart rate spiked. John immediately got up and hurried to the bed. He put a hand onto his shoulder. “Are you awake? What’s wrong?”
Mrs Hudson nodded and sat up a little straighter. John took his cup of tea with both hands looked down at it for a moment, trying to find the right words. “Mary and I got a divorce a couple of months ago. I was a mess, couldn’t deal with everything that was going on. So we decided it was best for both of us to go separate ways. Rosie is staying with Mary.” John paused for a moment, looked up at her and saw the shock on her face. After a moment, the shock turned into compassion for him.
Sherlock looked up shyly at John through his lashes and was welcomed by two ocean-blue eyes and one of the most genuine, beautiful smiles John could give him.
Abruptly, the car stopped, and the door on John’s side swung open. He stepped outside and looked around to see where he was. The whole ride couldn’t have taken more than a few minutes, but he couldn’t recognize where he was. It seemed like some kind of industrial place, some construction site.
He was exhausted. Discussing students was always a lot of work, especially when you didn’t know them at all. He had a lot of catching up to do. But that wasn’t the thing that had exhausted him the most.
After a long moment, Mycroft spoke. “Are you sure you want to know?” he asked John. His voice sounded calm, almost sympathetic.
Even though his first instinct was to approach Sherlock and to touch him, John knew better. No sudden movements. “Sherlock?” he started, surprised to hear that his voice sounded completely steady. “I’m here. I know you can hear me. I am going to help you.”
After a long pause, Mycroft cleared his throat. "Well then, if I can't be of your assistance anymore brother mine, I will leave you be. Do try to get some rest before your physical therapy." Mycroft stood up and waited for a response, but all he got was a huff. Mycroft nodded to John as a greeting and walked out of the room.
“I’ll start with a coffee, please. It’s cold outside,” Sherlock simply replied. John knew Sherlock didn’t drink, but it was clear that Mike didn’t. He wondered if it was supposed to be a secret.
John knew it wouldn’t do any good to question Sherlock’s state right now. Besides, he was still too sleepy to argue with the detective. He finished his coffee in silence, and Sherlock picked up on his article. They just sat there at the kitchen table, enjoying each other’s company.
John’s mind was preoccupied during the rest of the meeting. He couldn’t stop wondering what had happened last year and noticed he found himself conflicted. He actually started to like working with Sherlock. Who was he kidding, he began to like Sherlock himself too. But he was sure he’d only seen the tip of the iceberg and that working with Sherlock would become a challenge.
“What I mean is that Magnussen. Magnussen is like a shark – it’s the only way I can describe him. Have you ever been to the shark tank at the London Aquarium, John – stood up close to the glass? Those floating flat faces, those dead eyes ... That’s what he is. I’ve dealt with murderers, psychopaths, terrorists, serial killers. None of them can turn my stomach like Charles Augustus Magnussen.
"Oh yes, the scarf; he does so enjoy a good cashmere accessory." They both let our small bits of laughter, looking away from each other so as to pretend they weren't having "a moment"; they would blame the bad alcohol later if it was brought up.
“Put on clothes before you go downstairs.” John shook his head, taking the stairs down to the door two at a time. He pulled it open, and sure enough, there was Lestrade.
He hears something. His eyes fly open, and he looks down at Sherlock’s sternum—his own fingers bloody from the wound.
“My attorney!” John exclaims, wrapping her in a hug. “Gab! Oh my god, are you...are you hurt?” he leans back, studying her face. “Where is The Woman?”
He stares through the clear window into the bar, where the lights are turned on, and blissfully, the curtains are still drawn. It’s closed for business, and empty except for Molly and William.
“Yeah. Thanks, doc.” Lestrade takes a carton of cigarettes from his pocket. “I’m aware of the risks of smoking, but I appreciate the concern. Be back in a few.” With that, he exits—and the hooded figure follows right at his heels.
He soon hears Sherlock’s approaching footsteps. The door opens, and John smiles; without a word, Sherlock slips into the shower with him.
John’s breath is now hot against the back of his neck, and his body is now pressed into his. A whisper in his ear: “Ready, sweetheart?”
The silence ends when Sherlock takes John steadily in hand, and with one stroke, John is gone. His cock spasms vigorously, pouring streams of hot liquid over Sherlock's fingers.
But he doesn’t wonder for long, because John smiles, and his smile is warmer than the sudden heat prickling at Sherlock’s ears.
As William speaks, John’s treacherous gaze is drawn to his mouth; it can’t be helped. That mouth is fucking divine: a perfect Cupid’s bow, dipping like candle wax into dusky bee-stung lips.
married to me is fantastic." Sherlock speaks with certainty, though he's not actually certain. If it were anyone but John, he'd probably drive them absolutely mad.
John's lips finally turn up into a half-smile. "Thank you." He heads through the door. "Good night."
want John following him. But in an unprecedented occurrence, his foot catches on the rug, and he trips, stumbling forwards.
“When we arrived...” Gabriela explains, “...the door was cracked open and the lights were on. We thought that whoever was here may have picked up Sarah’s wallet, so we went in.”
“John.” Sherlock brings his long, graceful fingers to the side of John's face, tilting him upwards to meet his eyes. The candidness in his expression is almost astonishing.
else, he would be appreciative. But one thing he knows about Sherlock’s brother is that there’s always an ulterior motive.
They kiss passionately; grind against one another until their bodies are covered in sweat and saliva from their tongues and their lips and their slowly leaking cocks. They slide together until they no longer can, until it begins to burn.
John’s shaft within his velvety, warm mouth, taking it in all at once; and John has to dig his fingers into his flesh to keep from rutting into his throat. But William urges him otherwise, guiding John by the hips deeper into his mouth.
They fall asleep married. They wake up just John and Sherlock. Flatmates. Friends. Partners in crime.
Not that Sherlock’s touched it. He's managed to keep his hands to himself. He tries not to think of it—though he does find himself thinking a whole lot about when John was touching
They’ve got a few hours to kill before The Woman arrives, and Gabriela convinces him to hit the casinos. He wins thirty dollars and loses forty-five, but he’s thrilled to discover that drinks are free. As the day goes by, he tries not to feel guilty about passing the time so idly; deep down, he knows there’s not much he can do until he talks to Irene. So although Sherlock is at the forefront of his mind, he allows himself to take in the sights.
John’s mouth drops open. Sometimes he forgets how much money Sherlock actually has. "Only three hundred, hmm? Well, in that case, perhaps you should order two or three more," he teases.
An hour later, John lies sprawled out upon the floor, head in Sherlock’s lap, their wires astonishingly intertwined.
By the end of day three, John is sleep-deprived, and his knowledge of human anatomy has dramatically decreased. He’s craving an Old Fashioned in a way he never has before: the bourbon trickling down his throat, the buzz it creates as the alcohol flows through his veins.
Sherlock buries his head into his neck, exhaling hot breaths and leaving small drops of wetness on his skin. “I promise.”
Sherlock presses his lips together and pats the right pocket of his trousers. “If you don’t like the idea, it’s alright.”
The next morning—very, very early—the two of them are awakened again by Gemma coming into the room to take John’s vitals. After remarking how adorable they are, she lets them know that the psychiatric specialist, Doctor Torres, will be paying them a visit this morning to discuss John’s recovery.
"To being isolated together, I suppose," Sherlock says as they clink the rims of their glasses together.
In the early morning, they curl up next to the Christmas tree, wrapping themselves in table linens to keep warm.
Molly has always told Sherlock that possessiveness is a toxic trait. Hmph. She doesn't exactly have the best sense when it comes to men, does she? And though Sherlock's never said it out loud, this type of attention from John is something he came to crave even before they were lovers. The knowledge that Captain John Watson is driven mad by his desire for
"Tell me your fondest childhood memory," Sherlock suggests, realising that he knows very little of John's past.
He smiles at her nervously. “John is, erm...he didn’t realise we were closed, so he came up for a drink. Didn’t want to leave him out in the cold.”
"But I've got nothing to hide," Sherlock says--mildly alarmed by the candidness that spills out from his words. "Have you?"
Sherlock feels that wretched, knotted sensation in his stomach again. He sighs with defeat. As much as he detests John for being right, he should probably have some food.
To ensure he doesn’t trip on his own feet, Sherlock reorients himself and takes six long strides to the bathroom. He closes the door behind him, removes his coat and shoes and the rest of his garments, and he steps into the shower. Turns the water on. Washes himself. Bides his time. Dries himself. Brushes his teeth. Briefly considers taking a swig of mouthwash to lower his inhibitions, but spits it back out into the sink instead. Puts on his night robe and exits the bathroom.
Sherlock sighs again—definitely frustration this time. “Right. Your head got all rattled. Come here.” He leans forwards to whisper something into John’s ear.
“Ninety-five. Are you feeling quite alright?” Sherlock sets his paper and pipe onto the side table and peers at John, his expression one of great concern. “Your body language indicates that you’re feeling confused and unsettled. Are my deductions correct?”
Sherlock happens to know that married people also hold hands. And sometimes they kiss. And as of the other night, these are things he and John apparently do as well. So what now?
Sherlock tears his eyes away and urgently dives back into his task, though he’s unable to immediately recall what the task was. What he
The helicopters are directly above them, now. No less than a half dozen police vehicles pull up as the helicopter operator calls from the loudspeaker. Officers pour out, holding guns and barking orders.
He stands at the far end of a mostly empty train car, hanging onto the railing with one unsteady hand. He sighs. If he could only speak to Molly, she could clear up so many things. But can she even be trusted? John knows she's lied to him at least once. What other things would she lie about, if given the chance?
“I thought you’d been shot,” he chokes out, touching every piece of John that he can, just to be sure he’s still there.
It’s been seven hours and twenty-six minutes since Sherlock confessed his love, and John has expressed his appreciation by spending thirty-one percent of those minutes practicing his kissing techniques. Though Sherlock is positive he’s mastered this skill, he has decided not to share this information, as he thoroughly enjoys being John’s subject.
The two of them continue to sit in silence. Time passes. Perhaps an hour; perhaps four or five. It’s difficult to measure time when one is making a concerted effort to tune out John Watson—especially when he continues to be so very
“One evening at the restaurant,” Sarah continues, “I served a charming man in a business suit who took a liking to me instantly. He spent fifty dollars on his meal and tipped me two hundred. I was flattered, but chalked it up to luck—until he visited my section a week later, and the week after that, and the week after that. Each time, his bill amounted to the same, but each time, he tipped me the same two hundred dollars.”
"Wrong," Sherlock argues. "He said he started loving me when he fell off the building." He's got to bite his lip not to laugh at the absurdity of that sentence.
There is neither sorrow nor joy in John's words. "It's four forty-two, according to the sky," he says.
He and John have chosen to keep the nature of their relationship mostly private, primarily due to John’s raging danger kink—he finds their marathon sneaky snogging sessions exhilarating. Sherlock is happy to comply; a bit of vigorous wall-kissing never hurt anyone. As for himself, he has kept busy cataloguing the abundance of new sensations.
“You were fine this morning, so something happened in the hospital, probably during the removal of my cast. Dr. Wilson has scolded you, perhaps because she thinks I’m lying about my progress or because she thinks you are not giving me the proper care. Possibly both.”
Mike shook John's hand in return. “Yeah I know, I got fat. I heard you were abroad somewhere, teaching in a war zone and got shot? What happened? "
Finally, Mycroft straightened his back and looked like he was going to get up and leave. Then he spoke again, not letting go of John’s gaze. “John, please sit down.”
Although John desperately wanted to punch Donovan in the face, he knew Lestrade was right. He gave Lestrade a small nod as a thank you and turned to head back.
Trigger warning: implied drug use, so please skip to the part where Mycroft shows up if you feel uncomfortable reading it... But I promise, everything will be okay.
His voice broke at the end and with a jolt, Sherlock realized he wasn’t talking about the case anymore. And from the look Lestrade gave him, he knew too.
With that, Molly hopped off her barstool and walked towards the bar. John took his phone from his pocket and saw Mike still grinning.
"Let's get right to it, shall we? The main goal today is to get you out of this bed and walking down the corridor. I also want to discuss your living situation. I think we can manage this in one session, but if it's necessary, I will come back tomorrow." Patrick took Sherlock's chart and a pen and scanned the documents. John was sure the man was thoroughly briefed because he didn't seem to be surprised by what he read at all.
“Normal people don’t put their bare arses on the table where we eat,” John said, refusing to giggle like he wanted to.
She turned his ankle and he gave no reaction. She pressed on the left side of his foot and he appeared bored. She turned her attention to the right half, and Sherlock gave a hiss of pain.
Sherlock went over to where John had put his clothes on and now leaned his head up against the wardrobe's door. He placed a hand on John's shoulder, pulling back when John tensed.
John worked on removing Sherlock’s shirt, and tossed it off the side of the bed, running his hands up and down his sides causing goosebumps to rise across Sherlock’s skin.
“Why did you save me, John?” Sherlock asked one day as they ate a cooked squirrel around a fire. They were deep in the woods, the moon was full, and the stars were as bright and abundant as ever.
“Oh you don’t worry about me after all this time,” John rolled his eyes, handing Sherlock a mug and taking one for himself. “This is hardly the first time I’ve been on the battlefield.”
He was surprised, stunned really, and quite pleasantly touched by the gesture. He was even more shocked to discover that, in the sweet, slightly tense moments that Sherlock was close to him, his body responded. His breath hitched, his pupils dilated, his heartbeat sped up…
John did as he said, meeting up with Lestrade. They exchanged a few pleasantries before taking seats.
"Frankly, I find it pathetic that you haven't found a way to get out from under his control yet," Sherlock huffed. "But such is the weakness a position like yours supplies."
"Thank you," John's voice warmed. "Well, looks like I'm coming home. What do you say, do you have any need for a broken army doctor while you fight serial killers and clean up London's streets?"
John reacted by lashing out at him. He planted a few good punches while Sherlock worked on getting his legs pinned by his. His arms were harder, but he eventually got a good point of leverage. Sherlock had to focus on putting his weight on key pressure areas to keep John from moving.
"Calm down? I need to bloody calm down when my John is sitting in a room, injured, because of me taking on your dirty work?! You imbeciles," he growled.
Sherlock was behind his chair, tilting John’s head forward. John let him, and he was rewarded accordingly. Sherlock’s hands were rubbing in circles, knuckles alternately kneading the knots in his muscles.
," he insisted, refusing to believe that he saw John's reaction. "And you are a bloody robot. You don't have emotions!"
Sherlock looked over the left-handed divorcee, taking in the marijuana use and nicotine addiction, along with the presence of two- three cats, and decided he was wholly unworthy of his attention.
“But why would they go for drugs? Sherlock!” John snapped. He held eye contact with him, reading what he could in those caribbean eyes.
"Shut up, you bumbling band of idiots!" Mycroft barked, losing his temper. He was frustrated, furious, and aroused in equal measure. Jealousy did not become the Holmes boys, except, well, when it did.
“No, I miss plenty. It just happens that, whereas crime scenes and chemistry labs and mortuaries are Sherlock’s area, people are mine. That’s why we work so well together. Besides, after one spends so long in the company of Sherlock Holmes, one picks up on certain things.”
“Because you actually respect Sherlock’s abilities,” John said. “When I first met him, people tormented him for his gifts...I got him out of that situation and it took years for me to convince him he was special, that he was worth so much more than they said. And it took so long, but he got it eventually. He still has some issues with it sometimes, and I try to avoid anything or anyone that makes him feel that way. It’s why I was so upset with Donovan. I had never met her before, and already she thought I, a man she had never met, was so much better than him. You all haven’t seen him the way I have. He can be a total dick, but he is also one of the kindest, most soft-hearted individuals I have ever had the good fortune of meeting...I mean, he actually tried to talk to me about what was wrong today, and I just blew him off. So who’s really the dick?” John put his head in his hands. Lestrade reached out to touch his shoulder.
“I think we all can be dicks, but you can make it better you know?” He said gently. “What is the matter, anyway?”
"Yes," Sherlock said, and it was true. Although their relationship wasn't of a romantic nature, they had the other listed as their spouse so as to make things like hospital stays and taxes easier. Besides, they were the closest either would get to a lasting relationship.
Dr. White got the signatures she needed, splinted the foot, and got Sherlock set up with a pair of crutches.
Harry stood in the doorway of John's room, shutting the door between Sherlock and his salvation, the relief of this overwhelming- dare he admit it- guilt over his best friend's present circumstances.
The guard turned around, and Sherlock was quick to take in the details. He was shorter than Sherlock, though most men at that time were. The guard had deep blue eyes, and he was a soldier that had obviously seen battle rather than just some of the rabble who volunteered to avoid really fighting.
"Then I suppose I should warn you: John's only with you for your scarf," Mycroft and Sherlock both shifted their attention to the doctor, who was having what appeared to be a wonderful time, spinning one of the female officers, whose husband was off to the side, having given his approval, around the floor.
"I'm Mycroft Holmes," he growled, eyes like lasers on every pointed of contact between the two men on the dance floor. "Since when does music need such vulgar dancing in order to enjoy it?!"
"You're not going to distract me, John. What happened?" Sherlock said, voice low. His tone was much more caring than he used with anyone else.
“Oh, dear, was he...you know?” She suddenly looked very sorry for him. John was about to have a hemorrhage, holding in his laughter at Sherlock’s facial expression.
"Because, I love you, you idiot, and I couldn't stand to lose you, not again," John grabbed a handful of dark curls, ignoring the pain it caused. "Want to tell me why you jumped off the roof?"
Thanks to everyone for leaving kudos! That and comments are always welcome. Gets the creative juices flowing...
Having an infinite number of days made everyday life seem a lot more boring than knowing any day could be your last. Although many people strived to achieve immortality, there were a few who were actually born with it. No scientific explanation could be found, and by the time there were machines advanced enough to really do any research on it, the subjects who had been around for centuries had lost interest in the answer. They existed, and it was enough.
"Oh, I'm his flat-mate, colleague, doctor, friend…handler, the majority of the time. Dr. John Watson," he held out his hand for her to shake. She took it for what was a bit long for professionalism.
“No, not really...I was the one acting like a tit this time,” John explained, taking a long swig of his drink.
Sherlock was at a crime scene when a man in military uniform asked to see him. Lestrade and the other officers looked at him curiously and remained in ear shot.
One night, there was a new guard. Sherlock didn’t take much notice, instead turning in on himself to ignore the pain and itching of his quickly-healing skin and organs. However, he was brought out of his reverie by the sound of his cell opening. He opened his eyes and saw the guard locking the door behind him. Sherlock paled as he pictured what humiliations this guard was looking to thrust upon him.
“You’re like me...Are there more of you?” Sherlock was aware of one person besides himself who was like him, but Mycroft was smart enough to not be discovered. He, on the other hand, couldn’t help questioning how logical things were in their society. That’s what made him part of the Inquisition.
“Mmm, I made a bad impression. I have go down and let him in, try to repair my reputation. I’m usually much nicer than that.” John stood, throwing on a pair of pajama bottoms.
“I notice I am not on that list. I suppose it’s because you never flirt with me,” John pretended to grumble, setting the biscuits Mrs. Hudson had sent up on the table before walking back in the room.
“Ahh but you were never seen with anyone. No one was ever at home. All communication could be linked back to your detective work….or your little science experiments. You were for all intents viewed as asexual, flirting only for cases,” she gave him a seductive look.
Mycroft stood with the posture of a person used to being the most powerful person in the room. He normally was, and that included now. He had agreed to go to this office Christmas party at his boyfriend's insistence. Surely, it wasn't the most Greg could have asked for, and Mycroft had Anthea push around his schedule so he could attend the little event. After all, he never took Greg to any of his work functions for fear that his relationship with the Detective Inspector would be used against him, not as a teasing aspect, but fearing they would genuinely threaten Greg's health and well-being to receive Mycroft's compliance. Mycroft was not prepared to make the choice between Greg and The Work, his heart and his brain, quite yet. He doubted he ever would be, and was thusly avoiding situations that may cause the necessity at all costs.
The only thing that Sherlock noticed that was different was John visiting the taverns more often. One night, Sherlock had had enough and went to see him. He hadn’t been there long, still had his first mug of wine in front of him, so he was sober. He looked up, saw Sherlock, and took in his appearance. Sherlock was sober, had been for weeks, and John could tell. He motioned to the seat next to him, then ordered another drink from the bar. Sherlock sat down, feeling relieved.
Sherlock pulled back, eyes a bit wide. His lips were slightly red from the activity they had been participants in, and his chest was rising more quickly than usual.
"I love you too," Sherlock said, touching their foreheads together briefly. "If you need anything, I'm here."
"John, this is Detective Inspector Lestrade of Scotland Yard, his Sergeant, Sally Donovan, and I frankly don't know the names of the rest of his team...except Anderson. But he has so few brain cells he doesn't count."
"I thought my brother was the only man you were attracted to, Doctor Watson!" Mycroft called out, masking his desperation by pompousness.
"My brilliance sets me apart from others; the skull just made me seem incapable of human interaction."
"I doubted there would ever be a person who would willingly subject themselves to an extended amount of time in your presence."
"We had to see who you would marry! It's not as if you've shown any great interest in the average population," Lestrade smirked, the group all trying to look over John. Sherlock stepped in front of him so as to shield them from their judgmental eyes.
Sherlock watched her closely. Her blue-green eyes were sharp, taking in his reaction. His face was carefully blank, though.
"Oh please, you'd hate it! You live on showing off. If everyone was a genius, you'd just be ordinary...oh god, just imagine: everyone with your intellect and the tact and maturity of a five year old!"
"He’s been so lonely, dear. Up at all times of the night with that violin. Not to mention, getting those drugs busts..."
"I'm ready to go, John." Sherlock hobbled down the hallway. John gave the woman an apologetic look and followed him out.
and thus we must deal with their presence during the holiday season. It was intolerable enough without this. If John hadn't brought up all the Christmases I was absent…" Sherlock rolled his eyes, looking vaguely regretful as he referred to the years post fake suicide. Mycroft didn't like pondering that time too much either; first, he thought he had lost his brother. When he found out he was wrong, and he had to assist him, he had to deal with lying to Greg, with whom he was just beginning a relationship with, and the guilt of knowing all of it was his fault to begin with, all stemming from a miscalculation with disastrous effects. Dealing with Greg after he found out about Mycroft's falsehood was enough to make his already cautious nature on higher alert. It was rare that the man was wrong. He didn't require a repeat performance.
"Listen to yourself," John laughed at his best friend. The dark-haired detective gave his best glare and fell silent. He sat his chin on his fist, his elbow balanced on the arm rest. John thought of this as his Brooding Pose.
Gabriela pushes a long, silky strand of hair behind her bare shoulder. “We ought to have you come over sometime,” she replies, her dark eyes glinting. “Perhaps you’ll be able to tell her yourself.”
But as the one he loves sinks into his lap with a happy sigh, bare legs straddling his own—John doesn’t tell him about the love that fills him up from toe to head. And that’s not all. He still hasn’t told Sherlock he’s leaving tomorrow.
"This is amazing," he whispers. "I can't believe I get to kiss you at a crime scene, Sherlock. And I can’t wait to kiss you in many, many more places."
“Nope.” John grumbles, promptly walking over and blocking William from exiting the bar. “Where the hell are you going?”
"Yes, I believe so.” John smiles. “First things first, though." He raises his hand to the errant curl and brushes it back behind Sherlock's ear.
She’s right. The highway cuts through some type of valley; their car is dwarfed by beautiful, bright red cliffs that rise high on both sides. Beyond that, they’re wrapped in an infinite blue blanket of snow-capped mountains.
“I don’t know, Sherlock." Brook takes a bite of his apple. “You know, with your studies coming to an end soon, perhaps it would be good experience for you to take this case on your own.”
“Well.” Sherlock brings the scarf to John’s coat collar, circling it around his shoulders with a grin. “I’ve got no interest in keeping it. I wonder what that says about me?”
“He seemed genuine.” Sarah’s response is controlled, although her voice wavers. “He didn’t ask me for anything in return, at first, other than my time. But...there was a part of me that knew it was too good to be true. A bigger part of me, though, wanted to believe in an act so selfless and kind. Especially when it seemed to be the only hope for my mother. So I began to spend more and more time with him at the restaurant. I would come in before my shifts and stay after. And I would send my mom all the money he gave me.”
“I wasn’t actually referring to them.” Her eyes shift towards William. “I spend most evenings with the most brilliant person I’ve ever met. Something he never fails to remind me of, by the way.”
"Sherlock." John can no longer bear it; he draws himself forward, filling the space between them. Taking Sherlock by the shoulders, he guides his body into alignment with his own.
The two women moan and sigh together, and Sarah murmurs sweetly to Gabriela that she loves her more than anything in the universe.
John cries out; an even mixture of shock, pleasure and ecstasy. "Christ, Sherlock," he breathes. "You are a fucking marvel."
Sarah slides her nails over Gabriela's scalp, and she tugs lightly, signaling for her to stand. Sarah pulls her in, their naked breasts and bellies sliding together as they continue to dance to the music.
One week after he passes his comprehensive examinations, the fifth murder occurs. Her name is Maria Jose Kabara, and she is the county commissioner’s eldest daughter. A handwritten note, scrawled in bright red ink by someone who appears to be left-handed, is placed next to her corpse:
After that, Sherlock and John never run out of things to talk about. They form an enjoyable new evening routine:
"That we're in love," Sherlock continues, smiling softly. "That we're perfect together. However, we were—"
John nods and smiles, and Sherlock walks towards the door, puts his coat on silently, and reaches out towards the door handle.
As John plays the final chord, the room is filled with thunderous applause, and a blazing white light covers the stage.
plays over the speaker. Molly dances to the music and giggles as she hangs ornaments and sings loudly along, and William pretends not to be enjoying himself.
John takes a deep breath and sighs. "Yes. As I said, it's a work in progress. I love and respect you far too much to treat you as though you're a prize for me to claim."
Sherlock slides his wet lips from John with a smacking sound and instructs him to wait. Finding the space to rise, he turns his body away from John, reaching behind himself to align John’s cock with his opening; and he carefully sets himself back down, sinking into John’s lap.
"Oh, we're doing this, are we?" John sighs with relief and settles back. "I think I'd bring a fire extinguisher."
John’s eyes dart between the four women, who all appear deeply confused. “Am I to understand that none of you had a thing to do with those clues?”
Donovan peers up at him, feigning a smile. “I guess you can’t know. However, if it moves on its own again, I’m concerned it may launch off the board and collide with your boyfriend’s pretty face.”
“I suppose I deserved that,” John says as his laughter fades, and Sherlock does not disagree with him. In fact, Sherlock does not do anything. Because John looks up at him, his hair tousled from the fall, and it’s quite distracting. And as they lock eyes, it begins to feel like a fragile moment Sherlock doesn’t want to break. Here, lying on the kitchen floor with John—amongst the dust and the likely remnants of body parts—is something completely new to him, and yet it feels wholly familiar.
“Cops came. Turns out he was already being investigated for a load of other white collar bullshit. So they took him away. As they were driving off, my clumsy ass slipped on the stairs, and I hit my head.”
“I don’t know. I see. Would you like to see as well?” He smiles at John, then—and with that smile, John suddenly feels no fear.
"Listen to me carefully. We are going to make another run for it and hop into the first cab we can find. Because once we're home, I would like to take you to bed—and I've already waited a long damned time."
John sighs with frustration—yes, definitely frustration. Why does he think William would want to get in touch with him, anyway? He didn’t seem to care for him much in the end.
Sarah hums happily, brushing the side of Gabriela's face with her fingers, and two of them begin to kiss. Not in a friendly way, either.
Sherlock sighs. He deeply detests the amount of stubborn John Watson is. "What would I do if you got hurt again, like the last time? Or god forbid, something worse?"
The show must be ending, he thinks. He's got no idea what’s next, but he's not worried. He's safe in John's arms now, and he fears nothing.
"Of course," he responds. Of course he'll make love to him. Of course he will. For him and for Sherlock, there's no other way.
Sherlock creases his brow petulantly. “That!” He gestures incoherently towards his own face. "The thing with your eyeballs!"
Mary laughs again, and John can’t help but join her: the two of them, reminiscing over the events of that evening as though they were old friends—it’s nice, he thinks. It feels good to have some distraction from what lies ahead of them; the anxiety that gnaws at his stomach.
Sherlock prods John's lips with his tongue until they eagerly part; moves his hips in slow waves, their thin T-shirts and underwear serving as the only barrier between their naked skin.
"Getting to hold you close like this," John whispers, "—is the most incredible feeling in the world. To be with you here and now, in our temporary safe space, while the skies collapse around us. Experiencing the sound of your breath, the scent of your aftershave, the sensation of your cool skin against mine. It all makes me happier than I ever thought possible."
Sherlock supposes that Brook’s students likely find him attractive—and though he has the ability to recognise this, it has little effect on him. There is something, however—a comfort, a kinship in Brook that he immediately catches on to.
John leans forwards to speak again, and Sherlock clings to the futile hope that he doesn’t repeat himself.
Sherlock leans away a bit, regarding him. John can see every piece of him, now. All that was broken before, which he has kept hidden, returning to the surface. He strokes the soft skin of Sherlock’s jaw, vowing that he will do all he can to put his broken pieces back together.
She laughs again. “It’s fine,” she says almost timidly. “I get that a lot. I’m 23, actually, but I was homeschooled, so I started university early.”
John musters up a tiny smile for her, and she leans in to kiss his cheek before wandering off to shower and prepare for her rendez-vous.
Sherlock releases a small puff of air. Finally, he reaches into his pocket and withdraws a tiny gold box. "I just thought, if we wore these, we might be more convincing.”
odd.” Sarah reaches into her handbag. “We wandered around and couldn’t find anyone there, but we did find this.” She holds out a lavender pouch made of patent leather. “My wallet. All of its contents are still there. Credit cards, IDs, even cash.”
William turns back to him. “It’s been awhile since I’ve played that one, so I apologize if—he pauses. “It’s just that I very rarely play in front of other people—”
“I have a talent for doing both at once.” Gabriela leans away, adjusting her dress straps and flipping her long, dark strands of hair behind her shoulders. “Don’t worry, love. I know that Sherlock is our priority, and I promise to honor that.”
John takes Sherlock’s hand into his. “I’m going to come, Sherlock,” he murmurs as he weaves their fingers together. “I’m going to come so fucking hard for you. But I need you to come first, alright? Can you do that? Can you come for me, sweetheart?”
Though it isn’t John’s time to die, not yet—even now, his “life review” would be pretty impressive. He’s cured people. He’s saved people. He’s seen murder and war and peace. He’s seen much of the world, and he’s seen things much of the world wouldn’t believe.
It isn’t until John notices the blurred ink on the page that he realises he’s been crying. “Sherlock,” he gasps, and that’s when he learns he’s been holding his breath as well. He closes his eyes, running his fingers over the smooth paper, allowing the words scrawled at his fingertips to sink in—the words Sherlock believed would be the last he’d ever say to him.
Gabriela tilts her head thoughtfully at John’s questions. “Anyway. Um, Molly? Yes. Spoke to her? Irene? Yes, and yes.” She takes his hand. “And don’t worry, love. Once I explained to Irene that I was with you, she let me go. The rest of your questions will be answered once we’re back.” She smiles. “Let’s go. You’ve got friends waiting for you.”
“Ohhhh,” Moriarty groans, rolling his eyes incredulously. “You are absolutely right. I’ve really bollixed this one up, haven’t I?” He lets out a long, brooding sigh. “Guess there will have to be a change of plans.”
Afterwards, they elect to drag themselves up from the floor and into Sherlock's bed. John is the one who decides; he wants to know what Sherlock's satin sheets feel like on his skin. They collapse onto the mattress together, punch drunk and exhilharated by what they've just done.
John leans in to press their foreheads together. "Really.” He smooths down the sides of Sherlock's hair. "So you see why I was hesitant?”
John places a hand beneath his chin, gently taking back his gaze. "Yes. It is. I kiss women, and I kiss men. I kiss whomever I find worth kissing, if they find that I'm worth kissing as well."
... irregular beat, their pulses echoing in their ears like drums to match the irregularity of it all.
John reaches into his coat pocket. “Just one moment.” He quickly pulls his phone out and snaps a few photos of the door. “This could be a clue."
Sherlock's brain nearly shuts off entirely. But he distantly remembers learning that there are more than four thousand nerve endings where the two of them are currently touching--and at the moment, every last one is lit with a pleasure brighter than a pure white flame.
“What the hell happened?” he asks hoarsely, his head throbbing as he becomes settled within his surroundings. "You—" he points a shaky finger at Moriarty. "You shot yourself! I watched you hold the gun to your own ribs and pull the trigger!"
"You already know the answer to that." John stands before him, taking his hands and looking up to meet his eyes. "It begins at sunrise."
“Aren’t you worried you’ll never learn, though?” John asks as the putrid scent of rubbish wafts through the hot summer air.
Besides, John is incomparably beautiful when he comes—more beautiful than a Debussy Symphonic Poem or a Beethoven Piano Sonata—and that's something Sherlock will gladly add to their repertoire.
The three of them tread carefully through the back lounge area until they come to a closed door. They stop there, and Sarah points to the bottom of the doorway. "We found it here. Propped up against the door, as if someone had placed it there deliberately."
They collapse onto the bed, their suits becoming a crumpled pile on the floor. They quietly and tenderly make love, skin against skin, their lips and fingers discovering every inch of one another.
“You’re welcome. But there is a final one I must show you; one you already know well.” He holds his hands out once more.
“Thank you, Molly Hooper,” he says with sincere gratitude, pulling her up and kissing her on the cheek.
Sigh. The lack of words they experienced was irritating, of course. And the Medieval acts of torture he spoke of were indeed ruthless and inhumane.
John’s breath forms a thick layer of frost over the bar window. He becomes keenly aware of how much his teeth are chattering and his body is shivering. He figuratively kicks himself for coming out here. What an idiot he’s been. Every moment spent—no, wasted—thinking about William has been pointless. William isn’t thinking about him. He’s happy. He’s continuing life as normal, the way John should have done in the first place.
"Who wants to spend ten minutes with the freak?" Sally muttered. Lestrade turned around to call her off, when John piped up.
“The one he does, in fact, have sex with,” John smirked. “And quite good sex, if I do say so myself.”
"Come dance with me, then," John leaned in closer. Mycroft tried not to laugh at how uncomfortable his brother seemed at the prospect of joining the mass of sweaty bodies at various stages of drunkenness.
"We'll get you splinted, and recommend a foot and ankle specialist. As for pain, the pills I'm looking at are-"
"Love is merely a chemical process. A chemical process I am obviously not taking part in. Besides, I am above others. Why would I lower myself to your level?"
Mrs. Hudson giggled and clapped her hands together. “Oh, I love this. Young love is always such a whirlwind, isn’t it? But it does sound like you’ve known each other quite awhile.”
John jumped, sitting up quickly, even though he was half-awake, when the door opened again. Apparently Sherlock hadn't pissed anyone off too much because there were no tears or angry-looking nurses.
"Goodbye, John." He hung up the phone, still grinning. He looked up to see Lestrade staring at him. "Don't you have a murder to investigate?"
Sherlock didn’t bother getting more opium after that, instead hunting John’s trail all the way to France. He watched him for awhile at a distance, afraid of being rejected if John really didn’t want to see him again. John had started off doing more doctor work, his French rusty but still useable, and he even seemed to be making friends. Sherlock wasn’t too surprised; John was a friendly person, nice and supportive. But he had hoped that maybe he was missing Sherlock as much as he was missing John.
“Oh, hello, John,” Lestrade smiled, taking in his appearance- no shirt, sex-crazed hair, flushed cheeks. “Bad time?”
John and Sherlock disappeared, hiding out until the Inquisition faded into the background. During this time, they came to learn who the other was, what made them tick. John was grateful for his extra decades he had to develop patience, because hiding out with a man who became bored during tense situations could be very trying.  Sherlock was intrigued with the other man though, and although he came across as rude and inconsiderate, he was taking in every fact he could about his new acquaintance.
"Hello, Dr. John Watson, former Captain in Her Majesty's Royal Army," he gave a general wave. "Now I get the curiosity, but you couldn't even give us ten minutes? I haven't seen him in three years, you know." John had a way of emotionally manipulating people that even Sherlock had to admire. Sherlock nearly giggled as he realized exactly what John was doing.
“The fact that you don’t classify serial killers under the category of ‘Sick Fucks’says something about how you think, John,” Sherlock commented, hands holding both edges of the arm rests. “Besides, Mycroft’s hands are tied here.”
“And I worry every time,” Sherlock glared. “I accepted long ago that there is a part of you that is a soldier and craves that life every few years, but that in no way makes our time apart easier on me or my nerves.”
"I swear to God I'm going to shoot somebody," John growled. Sherlock looked down, and Mycroft shifted his gaze to the tense body on the bed. "I had a wonderful night of not sleeping, and I desired to have a wonderful morning of catching up on said lost sleep, and it is being ruined by this sibling argument shit. We are going to move it out of this bedroom, and we are going to wait to discuss it until I have some bloody caffeine in my system, or someone is going to end up with a bullet in them."
Sherlock met John at the airport. The detective was using his height to peer over as many bodies as he could, but his height wasn't quite as impressive as it was back when he and John met. It wasn't uncommon for men to reach six feet any longer. However, he still saw John when there was a break in the crowd.
"We're pretty sure he broke part of his foot. As his doctor, normally I'd handle him (really, asking anyone else to is just inhumane), but I'm in no shape to treat him at the moment," John motioned to his torn clothes and exhausted features.
"That that's not the case? I would have to agree," he mumbled. He cleared his throat. "Umm, Sherlock, how long have you wanted to do that?"
“I’m a dominatrix,” she said smoothly. Sherlock, who had dealt with a case in a sex club a year back, smiled.
"Oh wait," John pulled back for a minute, and Mycroft had the blind hope he would stop this madness.
Lestrade seemed to remember himself and gave the device over. Sherlock quickly punched in the numbers and listened as it rang a few times.
"Your vocabulary diminishes severely when you get inebriated," Sherlock looked both entertained and exasperated.
"We have yet to crack the Maxwell case, you have your time at the A&E to fill, you agreed to help me with the fluoride experiments, and you are now living with a patient! No free time."
“And yet it is your leg that is affected. Are you going to claim it is a punishment from your God?” he sneered.
“Drugs? You want to give me drugs as a gift of friendship?” John scoffed. “I have spent hundreds of years in your presence, and I honestly cannot believe you right now.”
"I have one weakness in this world," Mycroft hissed. "And Magnussen managed to find it. I refuse to let him manipulate it."
Lestrade was different. He was useful for access to crime scenes, yes, but he could also be clever himself at times. It was refreshing to see a capable detective besides himself. Sally Donovan was more intelligent than Anderson, but she could stand to make smarter decisions, especially relating to Anderson.
“Mrs. Hudson, this is Dr. John Watson,” Sherlock introduced the two. He had asked that she have him and a guest over for dinner, and of course she agreed.
"Never thought I would see the day where someone had control over Sherlock Holmes," Mycroft sneered, but Sherlock saw it for the good natured teasing it was:
“Sherlock, please.” Sherlock watched him with wide, distrusting eyes. “Why aren’t you terrified of me? Don’t you think I’m a demon?” He smirked.
Lestrade, Anderson, and Donovan all sat in the hospital waiting room. Although sixty-six percent of the present party wasn't big fans of the good doctor, and even lesser fans of his best friend, they knew John better than the rest of the force and were the designated hospital visitors.
“Okay,” he began when Irene had gone. “We’ve met a woman who has ridiculous amounts of information on you, can deduce you, and apparently knows about someone you know about who you’ve not told me about. So, what do we do?”
He wasn’t quite sure what to do. If the dreams were mild, he played the violin and that tended to calm John down. By the time they progressed point, though, the music did nothing. So Sherlock headed upstairs.
John dozed off while Sherlock was gone. He didn't have the energy to hope the detective would mind his manners and just not speak at all to the poor women out there (no men had been seen). It had been too long since he had gotten the chance to rest. He wasn't a machine; he couldn't work on zero sleep and still list off a hundred digits of pi and say the Magna Carta by memory.
The voice was gentle, teasing. John had been visiting with Mrs. Hudson, and he had listened at the bottom of the stairs after hearing the visitor come in. Sherlock could remember another handful of occasions where John had spied, sometimes with Sherlock being aware, other times without. Both times, when he had been invested, he had been quite proficient in keeping himself hidden from the opposition.
"I am aware. John didn't have to bring up his previous sexual encounters, though. That's just uncalled for," Sherlock's eyes narrowed where Greg had his hands
“What in the hell are you laughing at?” Lestrade asked, eyes wide, still thinking about John’s story.
"Mmm, don't ask stupid questions," Sherlock hummed without an edge as he shifted his neck down, making his chin touch his chest as his doctor continued his ministrations.
He looked tired. The bags under his eyes were more prominent and the lines deeper. Still, Sherlock found that the steady handsomeness that lasted throughout every evolution of the social definition of beauty was still there. The deep blue eyes were still sharp. They found him through the crowd.
Sherlock frowned as he saw John run a hand over his face; his doctor stretched out on the bed in the immediate care room and closed his eyes.
“None I was so invested in,” John said. “And no, you’re not doing it wrong.” John hugged him. Sherlock dropped the sheet so as to make it easier to hug him back.
"So, Dr. Watson, do you get any free time when you're not being a hero?" she looked up at him with large green eyes.
“No, they did work out, actually. He just happened to be shipped off for war before I met up to get a flat with you.” Sherlock sighed.
“Then it runs in family groups, like physical traits,” Sherlock nodded. “My brother is like us as well.”
"Fine," Sherlock huffed. He put on clothes quickly, going out into the living room to talk with his brother.
"Mycroft, we'll meet you in the livingroom," Sherlock said, meeting his brother's eye. He knew it was obvious he was as confused at his husband's behaviour as his brother was. Mycroft nodded, walking out of the room and closing the door behind him.
He and Mycroft locked eyes and came to the same conclusion, nodding briefly at one another, before storming up to the men grinding on each other on the dance floor.
“‘s not the drugs that I’m tryin’ to give you,” Sherlock mumbled, stumbling and falling before he could reach his seat. “‘s the feeling, John. Euphoria.”
"Do you have the number of the hospital he is staying in?" Sherlock asked. The soldier gave him a sheet of paper with the name of the hospital and the direct line to his room. He left after that, and Sherlock went over to Lestrade.
“Opium is a drug, Sherlock,” John sighed. “A mind-altering drug. Why would you, with such a bloody brilliant mind, want to smoke opium?”
“It’s fine,” John smiled. “Anyways, hello, I’m Sherlock’s spouse, and I believe part of the reason we are here is to let you know that I will be moving in.”
"Then I'll see you in about a week. Take care of that double homicide for me." Sherlock's smile grew wide and he could practically feel John's on the other end of the line.
“Ish…” Sherlock said. John gave him a weak smile. Sherlock tilted his head to the side, considering.
John cocked his eyebrow as he took out a knife. Sherlock tensed, but paused when John instead pressed it to his own hand. A deep red line appeared, but as Sherlock watched, it healed. Just like his did when they strapped him to the table.
Sherlock was captivated by the authority in John's voice, and his position on top of Sherlock allowed the doctor to be aware of just how interested his tone of voice made his husband.
“That’s a bit concerning,” John’s eyebrows drew together. “So, if this guy is as bad as you say, why are we getting involved?”
"Don't have an average mind, John. They exploited you as my weakness, which would never have been an issue if I didn't…if I didn't love you as I did, as I do."
“Not a dom...no,” she shook her head, “I’ve got a feeling you could be though. Hands and callouses like that? You’re familiar with riding crops. You’ve certainly got the muscle tone that says you don’t hold back with them either. My bet is that you just aren’t using them properly.”
“Weren’t we?” John asked. “Excluding the more intimate acts, nothing has changed. I love you the same way as I did yesterday; there’s just a new aspect to it. You should have told me.”
Sherlock felt entirely blindsided. How could he have been so unaware? He had never been so unobservant that he missed so much going on around him, especially not something so important.
Despite having had his intelligence insulted before, in this context, John’s feeling were hurt in a way they hadn’t been previously.
“We keep in touch. And I suppose I should tell you...The man she has been in contact with, the man who targeted her, he’s the Napoleon of blackmail,” Sherlock sat in his chair, looking concerned but excited.
“I make a point of not trying something that has not been identified to me. Now, what is it you are inhaling?” John resisted the urge to take the potentially dangerous thing out of his friends grasp.
John watched Sherlock in the wheelchair, resisting the urge to chuckle at the position he was in. His long legs were bent up high into the air, leaning to the left so as to take the pressure off his right foot. He was pouting as his eyes scanned the sterile room with a few different brightly-colored fliers. There was nothing there to hold the genius' interest. He glowered and heaved a dramatic sigh as the Caribbean eyes focused back on his doctor friend.
“Obviously, that would be boring. And John is the opposite of boring,” Sherlock’s chest seemed to puff with pride.
“Oh, various different people- typically suspects, some murderers, a few thieves, and some unsuspecting bystanders here and there. Whatever was necessary for the work…” Sherlock only glanced in John’s direction, but the gaze was fond. However, the soldier knew what it meant when Sherlock appeared so casual in front of a person; John was on alert.
"I don't know," John snapped. However, he took a deep breath, walking over and kissing him. "I love you," he said much more gently.
"Well, good ol' boy, we want to thank you for helping to solve the case," Lestrade entered the room, trying desperately to ignore the tense atmosphere.
Sherlock's voice rang through the whole of the hospital floor. Lestrade turned to see him harassing the nurse behind the desk.
"You really look terrible," Sherlock gasped breaths through his teeth. John placed his hand on the back of Sherlock's neck, gently playing with the hair there. Sherlock's breaths slowed, and soon he was inhaling normally.
He sipped the cheap wine that was the only stuff available, watching the crowd carefully, absorbing nearly all the information his younger brother would, but rather than voice it, he filed it away. He used his information as concealed weaponry. He hid his ability away, whereas Sherlock broadcasted his brilliance for the world. There was very little Mycroft didn't know about these people anyway. He had done background checks on everyone at various points.
“No, you’re fine. Come on in,” John smiled. Lestrade followed him in, going up to the living room. “Care for a cuppa?”
“Most definitely,” John grabbed the back of his partner’s neck, pressing their lips together. “My lovely peacock.”
“Fine, I would like to experience mutual orgasms with you,” Sherlock made sure to make his voice as deep as possible, turning it into a purr.
"Hello," the doctor stepped into the room. She was young, in her late twenties, with brown hair pulled back and an easy smile on her face. "How are we?"
“Shot through the window, sniper, expert shot- this was long distance through glass. He couldn’t have faltered. I’d go so far as to say he was former military, hired with her as the target. She’s co-owner of the home, or at least the owner’s lover. Obvious by the state of dress and jewelry she wears. Well-kept so she was happy with the relationship...maybe her partner isn’t,” Sherlock rattled off. “Then again, statistically less likely, considering her lover is a woman. So what motivated someone to hire someone to kill her?”
“Well, let me enlighten you,” she said, leaning forward intently. “I have a job, and my job is important to me. Unfortunately, it isn’t one the police would look fondly on. And considering that my job is very likely the reason my girlfriend was killed, I decided to go to the person I knew had no moral qualms.”
