“It is one of the many songs my mom used to sing to me when I was little. Whenever I find myself in difficult times, I hear her soft voice singing those words to me. It is as if I heard her singing to me yesterday, not thirteen years ago.”
I smile. “It makes perfect sense, Cas. You said you can’t come out with me, not that you wouldn’t. So, some part of you wants to hang out with me.”
Gabriel is worried for his foster brother, Castiel. Gabriel rushes to Castiel and offers him aid; he also reveals the nature of his conversation with Dean.
“No, I can’t say that I have,” I answer honestly. “But maybe it is better to have him in your life in some way than to not have him in it at all.”
“Sounds like a plan,” Victor says. “But you are all forgetting something important: why did Cas leave today?”
As Dean crosses through the portal he recites the spell Jack gave him. A trail of a light blue wispy light appears in front of Dean on the final words. He smiles to himself knowing that at the end of this trail Cas will be waiting.
“Alright,” Cassie concedes. “At least I have a day to recover. I am probably not going to school tomorrow, would you be able to pick up my school work for me.”
Castiel has agreed to go on a date. Dean has given Castiel control over what they do and where they go. Castiel has chosen one of his favorite places, a local cafe, where it is poetry night. His plan is to get to know Dean and to listen to some good poetry.
“That is highly unlikely. Besides, they are in a relationship. And from what I can tell they are both very happy together. I cannot ruin that for them. I won’t ruin that for them. Because they deserve to be happy too.”
“I am not spending time with you,” Castiel admits. “The only reason I came out today was because my brother told me you wanted to be friends with me. But that is not the vibe I am picking up from you. You take me out and then ditch me when your 'real' friends arrive. I get it, alright. You just brought me here to make fun of me.”
“Because I never willingly shared my poetry with Charlie, she stumbled across my notebook and took it upon herself to read it. And since that day she is the only person that I share my poetry with, because I know if I don't share it with her she will go snooping through my stuff again,” Castiel explains. “No offense, Charlie,” he adds upon seeing Charlie's frown.
Ash looks at me with a wolfish smile on his face, “Loser has to do the ultimate physical challenge.”
“I would recommend using scholarly articles to best support your position. The library has a database that I think will be helpful to you. You can access it by logging onto any of the terminals located throughout the library.”
“You need to relax, Cassie. I am sure it is not going to be anything fancy, remember it is just two friends hanging out. So, wear something good casual.”
“Jo. She thinks that I am too religious and that my religious views are going to get in the way of me being friends with Charlie. I tried to assure her that they wouldn’t but she failed to listen. The views that I hold about same-sex couple is pretty liberal, why should I care who someone loves? I shouldn’t, you love who you love and God accepts us all.” Castiel shakes his head in anger, “And what pissed me off is that she doesn't even know me. She is making judgments about me without getting to know me. Has anyone ever asked, 'do I want to be the son of a reverend?' No they haven't and if they did they would learn the answer is no. I don't want to be a part of a religious family, least of all Chuck Shurley's. So, stop pretending you give a crap about me and just let me go home.”
“So you say.” Sam watches me for a moment before he clears his throat and inquires, “Why the sudden interest in him anyways?”
I watch several emotions cross Cas’ features, Cas opens and closes his mouth several times. And I swear I know what the other man is about to say. But to my surprise, Cas doesn’t offer condolences. Instead he says, “I think it is sweet that you chose a song that is so personal to you. It must have been hard for you to sing it in front of all these people.”
Castiel flips to the page with his most recent poem and flashes a small smile at Charlie. “Just so you know this is in its early stages,” Castiel says to Charlie quietly. “It doesn't have a name yet, maybe you can help me come up with one. Anyways, here is what I have so far.
“That I am, Cas,” I say with a smile on my face. “How about we go out once and you can decide if you want to do it again?”
“The Empty will not be happy that you are taking me. I suspect that it will wake up soon if we do not hurry, “Castiel admits.
I have hidden this part of myself for years. I had hoped to reveal this truth when I was adopted but that was an option that was looking to be less and less likely these days -- no one wants a teenage boy, they all want babies or kids; so I am constantly overlooked.
“I am my own person, I am not anything like my father. I have my own opinions of things and my own interpretations of the Bible,” Castiel says, trying to keep a level tone despite his rising anger. “So, don’t you dare say that I am anything like him.”
Cas looks over Dean’s shoulder at the group of friends loitering by the Impala. “Why does it matter to you so much that I go to this party? Can’t you just bring someone else?”
“Charlie, I can’t breathe,” Castiel states. And it is the truth, she is pushing against his broken ribs and squeezing the life out of him. He only hopes that there is no pain in his voice.
Raphael pulls my bookbag off my shoulders and dumps the contents on the floor. “You best stay out of our way, you abomination in a trench coat,” Raphael says.
“He said that he had other plans but that he would think about it,” Dean answers. “I am hopeful that he will agree and if he doesn’t I can charm him.”
I walk into the library after wrestling practice and scan the room for Castiel. Castiel is standing behind the reference desk talking to a female. My eyes refuse to move from Castiel, he is truly a sight to behold. He has doffed his trench coat and blazer, both resting neatly on the back of the chair behind him. And his pristine white button down shirt is rolled up to his elbows.
A cheery voice pulls his attention from his novel, he knows that voice. “Castiel,” it squeals. And before he knows it, he is pulled into a tight embrace by a red-haired female. Castiel hopes a grimace doesn’t cross his face as he returns Charlie’s hug.
From the stage, I can see that Castiel has raised his eyebrows, clearly curious to see what I will do. I flash him a nervous smile.
“Alright, enough geeking out over Harry Potter,” the blonde named Jo interrupts. “Why do you look so familiar?”
Dean helps Castiel stand on his feet, wrapping his arms around Castiel’s waist when Cas stumbles forwards. “Don’t worry, I got you angel. I am not letting go anytime soon.”
“So, did you think about what I asked you earlier?” Dean questions, gently leading Cas from the listening ears of his peers.
“Yeah,” I answer, refusing to look at the house Dean is staring at. It is a three story house with at least twenty bedrooms and ten bathrooms.
“Close it,” Dean orders Jack. Jack is quick to do so, and as the portal is closing they can hear the Empty screaming.
“He is going home. He made it clear that he wants to be left alone, for now. It is best if I do not follow him,” Dean says.
“Well, for starters he might think you are using him as a rebound. And no one wants to be a rebound, Dean.”
“I can see that and I appreciate the help, though it was not needed,” I say harshly. “I mean why are you helping me?”
And it is looking at his brother that he realizes why he recognized the expression Cas wore. It is an expression that he has only ever seen Dean wear, although not in a long time.
Dean gives me a sad smile as he answers, “Growing up on the road, moving from place to place, we were essentially homeless. But that did not mean we were without a home; this car was our home.”
I imagined what it would be like to be in love with someone and not have them love you back. I also tried to encapsulate the pain that one feels when they are not noticed/acknowledged by the one they desire.
Dean’s eyes move from Gabriel to land on Castiel. A small smile crosses his features as he says, “Hey Cas.” Dean looks Castiel’s attire up and down and frowns, “You might want to change. I thought we could enjoy the nice weather by going to the beach.”
Dean needs to talk to Cas about something that was said the previous night. Instead of finding Cas, Dean is confronted by someone who has Cas’ best interests at heart.
“Hey Cas,” Dean says as Cas approaches the group. The blood on his collar has since dried and his cheeks are no longer puffy and red. “How are you feeling?” Dean asks.
The distance between them close again, their lips meeting for longer this time. The empty feeling within Dean's chest subsides and he is overwhelmed with happiness.
“Probably not, he is more of a homebody.”  Charlie taps he chin in contemplation before adding, “But maybe if Dean invites him he will consider coming,” Charlie answers.
“And how do I decide which articles to use?” Meg asks as she suggestively leans on the reference desk.
Castiel shakes his head as he contemplates what to say. “Alright,” he concedes, “I will think about it and let you know my answer before you leave.”
The shout catches Dean’s attention, Dean's eyes move from Castiel to the person calling his name. “Shit,” Dean mumbles.
“You just are. I don’t know how to explain it, there is just something about you that I admire. You are fiercely loyal, you are hardworking, and you are filled with kindness and compassion.”
“Yes,” Cas says breathlessly. “You and I share a profound bond, a bond which nothing can break and time only makes stronger.”
“So, you want to go because it is poetry night,” Dean asks. I can hear the hesitation in Dean’s voice, I know it is not an activity that most people would enjoy doing. But if Dean wanted something more entertaining than he should have chosen what we do instead.
“Maybe you could take him to do something fun, I am sure Cassie will like that. It will help get his mind off of more pressing things and make it easier for you to talk to him. I will tell him you will pick him up on Saturday around lunchtime. Does that work for you?”
I look at Sam, he has nothing but concern in his eyes. “I am not saying that I am not hurting, because I am,” I start, trying my damnedest not to let the hurt show in my voice. “But I cannot let it control my life. I know I was flung off of the horse, but I need to get back on the saddle. I don’t want the fear of being hurt to stop me from living my life, Sammy.”
Sam remembers seeing that look so much when he was younger. It stopped when Bobby took them in. And it was Bobby who shed a light on things for a young Sam.
Sam lets out a sigh. “You are already interested in getting with someone? You and Lisa just broke up.”
Dean lets out a laugh and smiles at Castiel. He pulls Cas into another kiss. “Then I think we should find a case. But first I need to go get my things.”
“Thank you, Dean,” I say, attempting to leave. But I make no move to open the car door and Dean doesn’t seem to mind, if his smile is anything to go by.
“Yes, I have noticed him. I mean how can I not notice someone as handsome as him with his kissable lips, his deep blue eyes, and his dark hair that shines golden when the light hits it the right way.” I quickly glance at Sam. “So, yes, I noticed him in the sense that he is one attractive man. But I never acted on my attraction towards him because I was with Lisa. I pushed all thoughts of him to the back of my mind and pretended that he didn’t exist.” And before I can change my mind I force the last part out. “Because I knew that he was someone I wanted, someone I could see myself happy with. And if I gave myself the chance to know him, I knew that would be the end of me.”
“Yes, I know that Charlie is a lesbian but it doesn’t bother me. And I do not see why that would bother me.”
Raphael snicker reaches my ears. “He really likes that, Lucifer. Just look at the way you have him squirming under you.”
“At first. You must understand that my poetry is really personal to me and her reading it was akin to her reading my diary. There were many things in there that I did not want anyone to see. But Charlie did. And she was nothing but understanding and supportive. And I found that I couldn’t be mad at her anymore. Though now she asks me for permission before reading anything.”
“Your love life, man,” Ash states like it is the most obvious thing in the world. “And before you throw a hissy fit, hear what I have to say before you shut it down.”
“Growing up on the road wasn’t always easy but it presented me with a lot of opportunities. I learned to play guitar while we were living in Texas from a neighbor - I must have been around 8 at the time. Singing has always been natural for me as it makes me feel connected to my mom, though she wasn’t a great singer. Over the years, my voice has only gotten stronger.”
I shift my gaze to Charlie who gives me a thumbs up and mouths, “Good luck.” I give her a small smile.
Castiel forces a smile, “Me too.” Castiel is about to say something else when a shout interrupts him.
“Castiel,” Charlie all but squeals. “I was wondering if you were stopping by tonight. It is so good to see you. I take it you are here for poetry night.”
“No,” Castiel answers. He sees the questioning look on Dean's face and answers his question before Dean even asks it. “I told you before that I am not keen on sharing my poetry with others.”
Charlie looks at Castiel disbelievingly but relinquishes her control of the notebook. “You reading me one of your poems would really make my day, Castiel.”
“You are so hopeless,” is Charlie’s only response. She shakes her head and rolls her eyes as if the answer is obvious.
“I have a new one, let me find it for you,” Castiel stops Charlie and reaches for the notebook. “I will even read it to you if you would like.”
“We are, but it is getting late and I have a curfew. I do not want to imagine the consequences I might face if I am late; I cannot be late,” Cas states suppressing a shudder.
“But my relationship with you is different from my relationship with anyone else. If you asked me to keep a secret for you, I would do it in a heartbeat.”
Sam searches the church for Cas and catches sight of the other man sitting in one of the front rows.
“I was thinking that you could pick what we do. I want to do something you like,” I say, recalling Sam’s advice.
I nod in agreement hesitantly. “I wouldn’t want that either,” I say truthfully, not knowing what punishment I may face if I am late.
“No, there is nothing wrong with moving on, Dean. I am just surprised that you are doing it so soon,” Sam responds.
“Oh, that sucks. Is there anything I can do to help?” Dean asks, taking a step closer to Castiel. Dean lightly moves Castiel's hand away from his ear so that he can examine it. Castiel cannot help but note that Dean wears a concerned expression on his face.
It is lunchtime. I scan the cafeteria for my younger brother. It is not often that we have lunch periods together, but I knew we had one today.
“You’re bleeding. Are you alright?” Dean asks, indicating the blood dripping down Castiel's face and to his collar.
Castiel allows Dean to take him home so he is not late for his curfew. But he is not ready for this night to end and tries to make it last longer.
I have read the Bible, a good many times, and nowhere in it does it specify that homosexuality is a sin. It is all about interpretations. And unfortunately for me I am stuck with the family that holds the old and archaic view.
Marv gives a small smile. “Yes, I am doing better, Castiel.” Marv falters as he walks, “I want to thank you for the kindness that you offered me.”
Before Cassie can say anything in the form of a disagreement, I change the subject as I start to clean his chest wounds with a saline solution. “I talked with Dean Winchester today.”
“Well, I don’t know how Dean feels about you, but if it was what you wanted, then yes. You know I would keep this secret for you.”
An emotion Castiel doesn’t recognize crosses Dean’s features before he replaces it with a small smile. “Well, I am glad you are feeling better.”
“I will be sure to think about it,” I say. “Though Emily Dickinson didn’t become a famous poet until after she died.”
Dean stands and looks at the angel. “Cas,” he says as he pulls the angel into a hug. “I’ve missed you.”
“He does. I would do anything for that kid and he knows it. I suppose that is what happens when you have a large hand in raising someone, you care about their well-being and happiness,” I admit.
“I really like The Prisoner of Azkaban,” Sam says with a smile on his face. “What is your favorite one,” Sam asks Charlie.
Castiel shakes his head, “I will not change who I am just for your acceptance, or anyone else's. I have accepted who I am and that is all that matters. So, who cares if I am damned in Hell or granted acceptance at the Holy Gates of Heaven?”
The thing is I can sweet talk any woman into wanting to be with me, into making them believe that they love me. But when it comes to talking to men, I am a disaster. It is honestly quite embarrassing; when I talk to a man I get all nervous and shy. And that is why I am coming to Sam for advice.
I simply chose the song because I feel like it really relates to Dean's character in this story. I can picture Mary singing this song to Dean when he was younger; it is her way of giving him life advice and telling him he is not alone as she is watching over him. And I feel like for that reason, it would hold a special place in Dean's heart.
“No you weren’t. There is something going on between the two of you. What is it?” Chuck all but demands.
Dean smiled to himself as he realized his new goal: save Castiel from the Empty. He wiped the tears from his face, and with determination in his voice said, “I am coming for you, my angel. Just hang in there.”
“I am just curious, usually the views of the son are not that different from the views of the father.”
“Yeah, whatever you say, Clarence,” Meg says with a wave of her hand, clearly having heard all of this before. “Just finish up telling me what I need to know so I can bullshit this paper.”
“That makes sense. My favorite kind of sandwich is turkey, especially after Thanksgiving because you can put leftovers on it.” Dean takes a bite out of his sandwich. “Can I ask you something?”
“You do not need to beat anyone up on my behalf, Charlie. And the person in the poem doesn’t even know how I feel, so beating them up would be pointless.”
And that is when Dean realizes it. He likes Lisa, but he does not love her. And the more he thinks about it the more he realizes that Lisa and he do not even act like a couple, they act more like housemates. He can't even recall when the last time they had been intimate was; somewhere along the way, sex with her just felt wrong.
“I get busy. I know that is a poor excuse but it is the truth. I have a lot going on but I promise I will make more of an effort to visit you here,” Dean says.
“Of course, it is part of who I am. I didn’t come out to everyone because I didn’t see the need to; I was in a relationship and didn’t want to ruin things,” I reply.
“Why am I even bothering explaining all of this to you if you are just going to bullshit the paper?” Cas asks exasperatedly.
Castiel looks at Dean baffled by what he said. Hearing it one time from Dean meant so much to Castiel but hearing it a second time just confirmed it, Dean actually wants to read his poetry.
A smile crosses Castiel’s features as he looks around the area that Dean found for them, it is indeed less crowded than the rest of the beach. “Why does no one else come over here?” Castiel asks.
My Love Unrequited is an original poem that I wrote for this story. Castiel is the inspiration behind the poem.
Castiel watches as the blood drips down from his ear to his chin and finally to the collar of his white shirt. He lets out a sigh, not knowing how he could explain this away.
“Yes, Castiel,” Gabriel answers. “So, what are you doing with my brother?” Gabriel asks for a second time. And it is clear that Gabriel is being protective of Castiel.
“I am going to get you some acetaminophen to keep the swelling down and hopefully it will take the pain away. Now, you need to get some rest before Saturday.”
“You just need practice in social communication,” Dean states. “Which brings me to the real reason I came over,” he adds.
“Alright,” Victor starts, “if we are going to invite him then we need to treat him like one of us. Is that something we can all agree to?”
He returns downstairs to see Dean and Gabriel talking. And it doesn't take long for Dean to acknowledge his presence. “Bees, really Cas?” Dean asks as he points at the swim trunks.
“Thanks,” Dean smiles. Dean shifts from foot to foot nervously, “So, what did you have in mind for us tonight?”
“I would have to say The Goblet of Fire,” Castiel says after taking a moment to think about it. “What would you say yours is, Sam?”
“All the time,” I answer. “It is just too late for me to admit my feelings now. Maybe if I admitted my feelings years ago things would be different. But there is no point in dwelling on what could have been. I can only focus on what is and what could be.”
But in a religious household being gay is considered unholy; it is an old and archaic view from the Bible.
“Don’t do that Cas. This right here,” Dean indicates the space between them, “is about you and me, so let’s not talk about her.”
“I am not talking about them, you idiot. I was talking about my little brother,” Gabriel hostility replies.
Castiel doesn’t know what to say, so he says nothing. He adjusts his bag on his shoulder and offers to carry something for Dean. Dean lets Castiel carry his bag as he gets the cooler and locks up his beloved Impala.
“Hey Cas,” Dean greets. “I am sorry if I kept you waiting. I had to do something for my Uncle Bobby before I could go out and it took a bit longer than I thought it would.”
“That makes sense. You must know, there is nothing wrong with the way you dress, Cas. If you like it, then that is all that matters.”
I apply gauze to his chest and advise him to hold it for a moment while I apply gauze to his back. Keeping the gauze patches in place with one hand, as I grab a bandage wrap and begin to wrap it around Cassie’s chest and back. When the wrap is secured on Cassie, it looks like he is wearing a muscle shirt.
“I will cross that bridge when I get there, Sammy. Now can we do this? I don’t want Cas to have to be over there any longer. I want him home and safe.”
Dean and Cas set off in the direction of a light gold wispy light. And they make their way through the Empty as quietly and quickly as they can. When the duo reach the portal, they hear a rumbling noise through the Empty.
I anxiously watch my foster brother’s door for signs that my parents have left his room. They entered about an hour ago and my worry for him has stopped me from doing my homework.
Dean lets out a laugh. “You can wear whatever you want. I was just thinking that if you wanted to go into the water that it would be more comfortable to wear swim trunks.”
The sight before him makes him stop to catch his breath. Dean is in the doorway wearing swim trunks and a t-shirt.
“Yeah, Sammy. Cas doesn’t deserve to be over there. He deserves to be here, where he is loved,” Dean replies. Dean looks at Jack and gives a nod, “I am ready whenever you are.”
“I loaned him some money and helped him find a new job, a job that he actually loves. He works as an editor for a publishing company,” Castiel states.
Michael silences his brother with a raised hand. “There is nothing we can do about that while on school property without getting in trouble. So, while we are on school property, it is in our best interests to leave him alone, unless you want to get on our father’s bad side as well.”
Dean is reeling back from his rejection and he knows his usual charm will not work on Castiel. So, he seeks advice from his younger brother, Sam.
Instead of slamming me into the locker, Raphael turns me so that we are face to face. He punches me in the stomach. And I try my best to hold in the wince of pain that threatens to escape me.
“There are some people who don’t know they are flirting when they really are. Maybe Dean is one of those people.”
“I don’t really know, if I am being honest. But it probably has to do with the fact that the water over here is a lot rockier.”
“Castiel,” Marv’s voice calls the young man’s attention. “It is a pleasure to see you again.” Marv places a hand on Castiel’s shoulder and gives it a light squeeze. “Walk with me?” he asks.
“No,” Cas says, a small laugh escaping his lips. “Charlie went through my bag when I wasn’t in the room. She found my poetry notebook and took it upon herself to read it. That is hardly me sharing it with her.”
“Because my bullshit always sounds better after listening to you drone on about a topic or with the reliable sources you provide,” Meg answers.
“How do you not know who I am talking about?” Gabriel questions, aggravation slipping into his voice. “He says that you will not leave him alone and that you are making him uncomfortable. He says you keep asking him out and putting him in a difficult position. So, why? Why do you have an interest in him all of a sudden?”
“Nothing just curious,” Dean states as he gets out of the car, Castiel follows. Dean opens the trunk and pulls out a bag of his own and a cooler. “I bought some stuff too. I have a volleyball, blankets, towels, sunblock, food and water. I wanted to come prepared, but I am glad you bought stuff you enjoy too.”
Castiel looks at Dean and prays that a panicked expression is not on his face. It is a couple of moments before he answers. “I was sick.”
She takes our orders and prepares them. A couple of minutes pass and before I know it she is sliding our drinks and pastries across the counter with a smile on her face.
“So, I am special to you because we share a connection you have never had before.” Cas asks for clarification.
Dean cannot wait another minute, he pulls Cas into a soft and gentle kiss. When he pulls back from the kiss, he smiles so wide at Cas. “And for the record, this is what you deserve,” he admits.
Castiel looks at me with something in his eyes that I cannot place - the closest I can guess is that it’s apprehension. “I will have to think about that. I usually do not share my poetry with anyone.”
“Well, I seem to have everything under control now, so you can go,” I harshly retort. I look away from Dean and shove my belongings into my bag.
Sam follows Dean out of the bathroom oblivious to what his brother is saying as he is in deep thought.
A voice pulls me out of my musings; it is deep and smooth and sends a shiver down my spine. “Here you go, Castiel.”
“Cassie, you cannot keep living for them. You need to live for yourself. Do the things that make you happy. Do what you love. Spend time with who you love.”
“Is it special to you because of the memories you have had in it or something else?” I ask curiously.
And that was the truth. Dean wasn't obsessing over trying to free Sam like he thought he would, he wasn't spending every hour of the day trying to devise a plan to rescue Sam. Granted, Dean spends hour upon hour looking into lore on Hell and how to get in/out to devise a plan, but it has all been futile. And sure there were nights Lisa would find him passed out with a bottle of whiskey in his hand and a open book on his chest. But he wasn't letting it control his life.
“I know Lisa and I just broke up,” I harshly whisper. “In case you didn’t notice I was a wreck this weekend.”
“Then, why was he flirting with me?” Cassie asks, shooting me a glance over his shoulder. He hisses in pain as I clean a freshly opened wound.
“Hey Char,” Dean greets with a smile and a shy wave, something that seems so unlike the usually confident Dean Winchester.
“Fine,” comes Cas’ curt reply. Cas rubs a hand through his hair and stifles a grimace when his hand grazes against his left ear.
“I don’t know, Dean,” Sam says. “But I am finding it hard to believe that you noticed him in the first place.”
“I know we have an agreement not to have lunch together at school so we can have time with our friends, but I need some advice,” I say hurriedly.
The sound of the bathroom door opening pulls Castiel out of his musings. He reaches for a paper towel and begins to wipe the blood off of his face.
“No, Dean, it isn’t. I need to do as I am told. And that means I cannot, nor should I want, to go out with you again.”
“I wasn’t just thanking you for that. I was thanking you for talking to Dean and arranging it so that we can meet on Saturday.” Cassie flashes me a small smile despite his injuries. “Do you know what he is planning for us?”
Sam notes that he holds himself so stiffly, stiff enough that it must be uncomfortable. And that whenever the other man tries to relax his body, a shudder would work its way down his spine and he goes back to being stiff.
“I would start by reading the abstracts and note which abstracts seem promising to support your ideas. Then read the full article. Remember that you want to read both sides of the argument, not just one. A good research paper always recognizes both sides of the argument. And it’s important for you to know what the opposing side may say against your position. If you can recognize these and correct or acknowledge them in some way, then you will have a strong research paper.”
The smell of blood is still fresh in my nose; the sting from my wounds is still so fresh it is almost as if I am still being beaten. I hold back a grimace of pain. I feel tears prickling in my eyes, but not wanting to cry in school, I blink them away.
I smile at being able to capture Cas’ attention. “What with all of the questions she is asking, you may as well write the paper for her.”
Sam opens and closes his mouth trying to find a response but is not able to. A pregnant silence falls between the group.
“I don’t know. And it is not my job to find out, it’s yours. If you want Castiel to believe that you are really interested in him, then you will do this.”
Meg is about to ask another question when I interrupt, “At this point, you should just ask him to write the paper for you.”
I tilt my head in confusion. “Well, I don’t need your help. And I don’t understand why you would help me, even if you thought I was ‘attractive,’ when you have never helped me before.”
I smile, thankful that Dean was not judging me. “Well, I hope this experience is good for you,” I say with honest conviction.
Cas takes a sip of his coffee and a small bite of his pastry as he searches my gaze for a moment. “It is a work in progress.”
Not knowing what to say, Castiel offers a shy smile. Castiel turns his attention away from the man and walks back towards Chuck.
I spot Sam on the far end of the cafeteria. I send a silent thanks to my mother that Sam is not with his friends. I quickly make my way over to him.
Dean shrugs his shoulders, “As I said, he is nothing like his family, though Gabe isn’t that bad either.”
“This is my first time performing in front of a crowd, so bear with me,” I say as I clear my  throat nervously. “This song is very special to me. It is Simple Man by Lynyrd Skynyrd.
Castiel is rummaging through his closet looking for something to wear. “That doesn’t really help, you know.”
Castiel watches the scene before him and rolls his eyes. Castiel opens his bag and pulls out his book and opens it with a sigh.
“Because that is what you do when you are attracted to someone and want them to notice you,” Dean replies.
“I know things have been difficult for you Dean. And I should have come to see you, even if only for a short time,” Cas says as he sits next to Dean.
“It is not who you are Castiel, someone has corrupted you. We are trying to purge you of your sin. Can’t you see that?”
“I spent the weekend with Andrea,” Benny starts with a smile on his face. “Her parents were out of town, so it was just the two of us. And if I am being honest I don’t think it could have gotten any better.”
“No. I mean half the time he asked me to go on a date and the other half he asked me to hang out. Surely there is a difference,” Cassie retorts.
“Thanks again, little brother,” I say. I flash Sam a smile before I bid him farewell. “See you later, bitch,” I say over my shoulder.
“Definitely the books,” Castiel answers. “There is so much that happens in the books that doesn’t happen in the movies.”
“I wouldn’t do that if I were you,” Lucifer hisses. He grinds roughly into me. I cannot help but try to squirm to get away from the assault.
“It is no more personal than the poem you shared. I figured if you could get that personal then so could I.”
“I thought I told you to go. I am fine, just leave me alone,” I state bluntly as I stand and shoulder my bag.
Dean unlocks the passenger side door and I slide into the passenger seat, careful to keep enough distance between us.
“Your ego is already far too big, Dean Winchester. It definitely doesn’t need any more stroking,” Cas comments. I level Cas with a look. “You did good, Dean. I like the message behind the song you chose.”
A smile crosses Dean’s features but he doesn’t dare to move his gaze from Cas’. “Why didn’t you say anything?”
I silently pray that Charlie will help me put my plan into action. As I tell her my idea, I can see a smile stretch across her face.
Castiel shoves his book into his bag and shoulders it. He quickly stands and makes his way to the path before he is stopped by a voice he only now realizes he was longing to hear.
Once in his bedroom Castiel looks for something beach appropriate. He finds his blue swim trunks with bees on them in his draw and a blue t-shirt to go with them. He quickly changes, looking in the mirror to make sure the t-shirt covers his bandages. Before leaving his room Castiel grabs a novel and his poetry journal. He places them into a bag along with a towel and sunblock.
But hiding a big part of who I am has drained me. And though some part of me knew that my foster family would respond negatively to this news, I hoped for the best.
“Dude, I didn’t know that your family was rich or that you lived in a fucking mansion.” I feel Dean’s gaze on me and force myself to meet it. “Though it makes sense given the way you dress,” Dean comments.
Before leaving, I add, “Thank you for this evening, Dean; it was very nice. I will see you at school.”
I lean against my locker as I wait for my friends, Ash and Benny, to join me. I smile when I see the two walking down the hall.
“I don't think I should, I am not really good at sports. But I won't stop you from having a good time.”
Dean claps his hands together nervously. “Why don’t we get you home? I wouldn’t want to make you late for your curfew.”
“About as well as you expect. Maybe better. I mean, I didn’t hit him, even though I really wanted to.”
The door opens after a couple of moments. Castiel is shirtless and blood is dripping from the fresh lash marks to his chest. And from the way he is standing, I am certain that the lash marks on his back have been reopened. I quickly hurry into the room.
“I will think about it, Gabe. But if I am being honest I do not want to get hurt again. And I know I will be setting myself up to get hurt if I be friends with him. Have you ever tried to be friends with someone you were in love with?”
I am not sure how much time has passed, but if my completed homework is any indication, I can say that I have been here for quite some time.
“Yeah,” Gabriel answers. “He said he went out with a friend after he finished his shift at the library. And I know he wasn’t hanging out with me or Meg, so I asked him who it was; Cassie informed me that it was a new friend he made, that it was you. He told me he was conflicted and confused; he thinks you are leading him on.”
“Cas, do you think Sam would be disappointed in me if I started hunting again?” Dean asks after a moment.
Dean recites a spell, which would track Jack’s grace, to guide him out of the Empty and to the portal that would take them home.
“This is the database we use here and it’s quite simple to navigate through. Type your topic or some keywords into the search bar and a list of articles will appear based on relevance. You can filter the results too. I recommend only using articles within the last ten to twenty years, anything older than that is considered outdated, especially with sciences.”
“He is coming this way,” Garth states, pulling Dean from his conversation with Benny. And Dean is thankful for the interruption.
Castiel tries to hide the grimace on his face, this conversation all too familiar to him. “The Bible is all about interpretation. It is an old and archaic view that holds the belief that homosexuality is a sin. I am not someone who holds those beliefs. I hold the belief that God loves us all no matter who we love, whether it is a male loving a male or a female loving a female.”
“It always is Castiel,” Charlie states as she sends me a glare. “You never know, this person could feel the same about you.”
“Wait,” Dean says, stopping Castiel in his tracks. “My friend is having a party later and I was wondering if you would like to come with me.”
“Good,” Dean smiles. “So, is it a date or just two friends hanging out,” Dean cannot help but ask, curious as to what Cas wants this to be.
Castiel’s attention leaves Meg and lands on me. “My purpose is to aid people, not to simply complete the work for them.”
Dean looks at Castiel, as if asking for permission. Castiel nods, closing his poetry notebook and returning it to his bag. Then turns his attention back to his novel but not before Dean interrupts.
“You didn't deserve that... You deserve so much better,” Dean prays to Castiel. “You deserve to be happy, you deserve to be loved every minute of every day. And if you will have me, I promise that I will do that for you. I will make you happy and show you how much I love you. Because I do, Cas. I know I have never been able to say it before but it is true. I love you, Castiel. And I need you to come back to me. Because I cannot live without you again.”
I am speechless. I did not expect my poem to have such a positive reaction. I take a moment to listen to the applause and accept it for what it is: praise. The applause dies down.
“I will think about it. But do not get your hopes up, Dean. There are many things that you do not know about me, some of which may deter you from wanting to be my friend.”
“Really? Because you haven't been paying much attention to me since your friends arrived. You didn't even introduce me to them, you did know this is my first time meeting any of them, with the exception of Charlie, right?”
I ask if I can borrow the guitar, the owner agrees with a gentle smile on his face. I smile in thanks, grateful for the man’s kindness, and make my way to the stage.
Castiel smiles at Dean. “If that is what you want, then, yes. I would love to hunt with you Dean.” Castiel squeezes Dean's hand. “After all, someone has to look after you and make sure you do not do anything stupid.”
“Castiel told me that with you your actions speak louder than words. He told me that your actions are that of someone who is looking to be more than friends.” Gabriel levels me with a glare. “It is making him uncomfortable, he has had three panic attacks this week alone. And when we talked last night he was visibly upset.”
“I have had so many good memories here: Sam shoving green army men into the ashtray; me dropping legos in the dashboard - to this day, you can still hear them rattling around; carving our initials into the paneling; or the many nights where Sam and I would sit on the hood and gaze at the stars for hours. She may not be a house, but she was our home for the longest time.”
“Yeah, he is a good guy despite the tough home life,” Charlie says. “It sucks that he only has three people who support him.”
When Jack pulls back from the hug, Sam places a hand on his shoulder. “Jack, why don’t you and I go start on making some snacks. I am sure Cas is hungry.” Before Jack, or Cas, can comment on the fact that angels don’t need to eat, Sam is dragging the young nephilim out of the room.
Charlie waves him off, “Course, I do.” Charlie smiles at me and says, “I am so glad to see that you finally decided to expand your friend circle. You will not find a better friend than Dean.”
Dean follows the trail for what seems like hours before he stumbles over something. Well, someone to be more precise. “Cas?” Dean asks.
We pile into the car and Dean pulls out of the parking lot. Before Dean can ask me, I start giving him directions to my estate.
“Nothing,” I lie, but I quickly follow it with a half-truth, “I just want to be there for him, you know, as his friend.”
Naomi leads Castiel to the back office. “So, Chuck tells me that you and one of the male patrons are close. Care to explain.”
“I do not believe that that is all that happened between the two of you. You were far too cozy with each other. If you will excuse me for a moment, I must go speak with Naomi,” Chuck says. “She may want to see you in the back room to deal with this transgression.”
Marv comes to a stop and places a gentle hand on Castiel’s arm. “Not everyone is a good samaritan, Castiel. I went to many people for help and they all turned me away. You offered me kindness when no one else did. You are one of a kind and it is because of you that I am still here. Please do not forget that.” Marv offers a final smile as he takes a seat.
Charlie nods at a loss for words. After a moment she asks, “If there is anything I can do for you, you will let me know, right?”
I walk through the doors of the cafe, the familiar fragrances of cinnamon and coffee reach my nose, Dean at my heels. I walk to the counter to place my order and smile when I see Charlie’s familiar face.
“Because you looked like you could use a hand and I am trying to be nice. Plus, I think you are pretty attractive.”
The room is quiet for a moment before Sam breaks it. “We are so glad to have you back,” Sam pulls the angel into a hug.
“Definitely The Philosopher’s Stone. You can’t have the rest of the series without the first one,” Charlie says.
“I know but you will get over it soon.” Charlie smiles at Castiel, “Do you have anything you are working on right now?” Before Castiel can stop her, she pulls his poetry notebook from his bag and begins to flip through it.
“I never imagined the day you would come to me for dating advice,” Sam says with a small laugh. And I cannot help but laugh alongside him.
Castiel levels Dean with a look and lets out a sigh. “I am not sure that I will be able to go, I have things that I am going to be doing today,” Castiel lies.
“He told me,” is Charlie’s simple answer. “After we worked on the group project together last semester we realized we have a lot in common and started hanging out. And I would say that we have become friends, Meg begs to differ.”
“We could have a party,” Ash states. “Do you think he would want to attend a party?” he asks Charlie.
“Just that he’s so different from you,” Benny starts. “He is reserved, shy, and introverted. He doesn’t interact with many people that much and he prefers to be alone.”
“You do not, you love me,” Gabe replies. “And you love going to the beach. I know when you get there you will want to jump right into the ocean. Go change, Dean-o will wait for you.”
“That is really good,” a man with shoulder length brown hair says. Castiel doesn't know him and he supposes he is one of Dean's friends,
Dean kneels in front of Castiel and smiles, despite seeing the distant look in his best friend’s face. “Cas,” Dean says again as he tentatively reaches out to put a hand on his angel’s shoulder. “Cas.”
Castiel tilts his head to the side and examines Marv before smiling at the man and walking next to him. “It is a pleasure to see you again too, Marv. It has been quite some time since I have seen you here. I trust that you are doing better.”
Dean smiles at the angel standing before him and pulls Cas into a big hug. “Don’t you ever make a deal like that again.”
“Nothing. But you must have noticed it is a bit formal for public school. I mean, most people wear jeans and then there’s you who shows up in slacks and button downs.”
This poem is really insightful of Castiel's character. He is in love with Dean and is hurt because the man of his affections has failed to notice him. And then the man of his affections fell in love with someone else (Lisa). Castiel was never noticed by Dean, something that I tried to make clear in the first chapter when Dean has to ask who he is. And Castiel is hurting because he thinks that he could never have a relationship with Dean.
Dean makes his move on Castiel. Here is to hoping that this time he is more successful at scoring a date than the last time.
“Flattery won't get you anywhere.” Castiel looks off at the horizon and just stares at the waves crashing against the rocks for a moment. “Dean, I don't think us being friends is going to work out. Maybe it worked out on paper but not when executed. I just don't think you took into account how different we are. So, thank you for wanting to be my friend. But we just can't, it never would have worked out anyway.”
Making his way to the bathroom, Dean strips his shirt off. Pulls down his pants. Turns on the shower. The water is warm and feels incredible on his scalp. He’s horny; his skin is overly sensitive. He washes himself thoroughly. More thoroughly than usual? Maybe? Perhaps just with more purpose. He soaps up his cock, and he winces as he strokes it to rinse.
"You know, Dean," Sam had said just this morning - it was the catalyst that had set Dean off now. His tall-as-hell brother sat beside him at the kitchen table with his breakfast. "Eileen has a friend - no, don't look at me like that. Hear me out. Her name is Martha. She's genuinely really nice, Dean. I met her a couple days ago -"
Dean can feel his dad’s eyes narrowing in mild confusion. “Yeah, yeah. That profound bond.” Dean clears his throat. He’s not going to break. He’s too old for Sam to be able to pull this shit on him.
He pulls Cas’ face forward and presses their mouths together. He can feel Cas’ breath hitch for a moment. Maybe it’s shock. Maybe it’s surprise. Maybe it’s something else entirely. Like joy.
"Dean!" Sam called after him, but Dean didn't look back. He just left the kitchen without saying another word and made his way to the garage.
When they were alone together late at night watching movies. When they were sitting near each other at all those cheap diners. When Dean told a terrible joke that made Castiel roll his eyes.
It takes him a few minutes to cry it out. Then a few more to steady his breaths. He needs to get back - Sam is probably worried about him, and it's not fair to make Sam anxious after everything they've been through.
And Mary grabs his face with one hand and forcefully turns it toward one of the large front windows. “Sam saw him and ran out there.”
Dean watches them walk away and sit on barstools. He watches as Cas has to shift his trench coat in order to get onto a stool correctly, and there's something so goddamn normal about it that Dean feels his stomach flip, and he adds fucking melting to the list of conflicting emotions he's feeling right now.
He had loved in a way that was so human, and it had taken him far too long to figure out that his ever-present desire to be near Dean had a name: love.
Clearing his throat, willing himself to stay calm, Dean forces out: “Cas – I was wondering if... if you wanted some company.” He stands tall, continuing to meet Cas' eyes. He knows he looks good. At least, he hopes he does. His body is nice enough and - well, there isn't much more of an invitation he can express without straight-up asking Cas if he wants to fuck. With any shred of deniability, that is. And Cas' face - if Dean had to guess, he would label it as 'experiencing arousal' but with an angel, it's hard to tell. This is human stuff.
Dean swallows down the lump forming in his throat. Opens the door, just enough to poke his head through. Cas is sitting in the chair beside his unused bed, putting a book aside.
When Dean finally does get the nerve to look at his brother, he appreciates that Sam’s expression is blank. It’s a carefully applied mask, but still, Dean appreciates it.
Dean winces at the memory. Anger bubbles inside him. "You fucking asshole! How stupid are you? Why did I ever even bother with you, huh?" he continues yelling, glad he'd driven Baby out to the middle of nowhere for some privacy. "The one thing you want is something you can't have? I was right fucking there! The whole time!" He's crying and he's yelling. He's breaking.
It’s clearly the right thing to say because Mary is more than happy to describe her dream home. John occasionally adds a detail or corrects her when he thinks the description needs correcting.
And Cas needs it to stop. He can’t breathe. He can’t think. There is only the insistent thought: Dean, Dean,
A smile tugs at his lips thinking about Jack. They’d defeated Chuck about six months ago. And he had tried, with Sam’s encouragement, to be happy and fulfilled. He really had tried. But he couldn’t.
. And now the moment he had begun to love Dean arched back toward the beginning of his existence: Castiel could scarcely tell when loving Dean began and ended. It didn't matter. These few years were the only ones that mattered in his long life.
Dean pulls back just enough for his face mere inches from Cas’. They look at each other silently for a moment. Dean takes in the blue eyes, the expressive mouth quirking into a soft smile, all the tiny things that make Cas
It turns dark. The Roadhouse might not sound like the kind of place to have killer ambience, but it does. Cozy and warm. Folks are living it up. Throwing back drinks, playing pool, talking shit. Sam leaves after a bit to help Jo lift a few heavy boxes behind the counter. And Dean isn’t quite sure why, but he immediately wishes Sam hadn’t. He’s not ready to be left alone with his mom
“Yeah, Dean, how was it to see Cas again? Good? I mean, I was happy to see him, but,” Sam drawls, smile still forming on his lips, “You were closer to him than I was. You know, profound bond and all that.”
It saunters away from him, confidently swaying Meg’s hips. “Dean is so hungry, and Cas”- it says, voice now soft and trembling. “He would have been so soft and warm for you. He would have cried out for you and begged you to do filthy things to his body”-
“Sam is coming.” John smiles that kind of gentle “dad” smile Dean always yearned for and rarely got. “It’s time to be a family again.” John smirks to himself. “Well, until Eileen gets here. Then I guess she and Sam will want their own place.” He winks at Mary and rubs his hand across his stubbled jaw. “But Dean, you...”
They chat for a little while. Or maybe a long while. There’s no real way to know how time is passing except the light outside is fading. The Roadhouse is packed; there’s so much activity and excitement and energy. John wants to know how Dean went. He is  unimpressed by the answer and does little to hide it.
And yet his breathing still stuttered at seeing Dean. “I’m well, thank you, Dean.” His voice is a little lower, a little gruffer. Perhaps he’s not yet as well as he had hoped. Dean tilts the corner of his mouth upward, but it doesn’t quite make a convincing smile.
And Dean’s spent his whole life trying to do the right thing for other people. Trying to keep his family going. Trying to help his dad. Trying to take care of Sam.
It cups his cheek, caressing gently. “Oh, yes. I know things. I know lots of things. Dean loved you, Castiel. And you’ve broken his heart.” The hand on his jaw turns rigid, grasping his face painfully and forcing him to meet Meg’s eyes. “Dean is alive. But he will never be happy. He will never move on from you, Castiel. You’ve ruined him by saving him,” it mocks.
“Dean – holy shit! – I can’t believe – this is crazy,” Sam says excitedly, pushing his hair out of his face.
Watching Castiel continue to study him is nerve-wracking to say the least. Dean's heart is hammering in his chest. He can feel tiny droplets of water making their way from his scalp, down to his neck, then trickle down his chest and back.
Someone to be in his bed every night. Someone he could shower with in the morning and kiss and enjoy. Someone he was truly at peace with.
Dean shakes his head, trying to stay in the present. But it’s hard. He’s dead. He’s actually fucking dead. Shit, he always knew he’d die. He’s already died more times than he can even remember. But no amount of thinking about a theoretical permanent death can actually prepare you for how weird it really is.
He swigs more slowly on this beer. Continues to saunter around the bar, giving out handshakes and hugs where needed. After a bit, Dean spots Charlie’s red hair across the bar and guns it for her. She squeals when she sees him, and he holds her close, kissing the crown of her head.
Dean smiles through it. “Yeah, he did. Got married to a great girl and had a kid. Named him ‘Dean’ of all stupid things.”
He spies Sam again and calls his name. His brother turns around, and the shift in his position reveals who he’s standing in front of. Their parents. It’s a little overwhelming to see them together again. John and Mary smile, and Mary gestures for him to come back. It’s a no-brainer, really. Patting Sam’s shoulder, he moves to stand beside his brother.
There was something almost funny about what Mary had said. “Angels are watching over you.” Of course, when she said that to her baby boy, she likely didn’t anticipate her son growing up to die brutally, be literally pulled from hell by the predicted Angel, and end up falling in love with the stupid fucker and not be able to do anything about it. Because again - Angel.
Dean smiles and pulls the angel into another quick kiss. He needs to go and retrieve his belongings and end things with Lisa before he can move on and be happy. Because Cas makes Dean happy and so does hunting. And hunting with Cas, now nothing could be more perfect than that.
And I recognize the voice having only spoken to her the day before. My attention waivers from Cas to land on the female: Meg Masters.
“He is in some of our classes actually,” Ash starts, “calculus and physics.” Ash looks at me. Now that he mentions it, the guy does look familiar. “He sits in the front row and doesn’t utter a word. And he is incredibly smart. I mean, how many people do you know that can complete a complex calculus problem in their head? Even I cannot do that.”
“Dude,” Dean starts. He’s never been the best at comforting but not for lack of trying. “You guys had a lot of good years together. And she’ll be here soon. Don’t worry about it.” He attempts a comforting glance Sam’s direction. Judging by Sam’s bitch face, it wasn’t his best work. “And we’ve died plenty of times, Sam. This is a cakewalk. A new Heaven that ain’t just reliving your sappiest memories? Sign me right up.”
John looks back to Dean then to Mary and then to Dean again. “Come on, Dean. This’ll be good. You’ll be with your family. We’ll be a family.” His dad is earnest.
“You see,” and the whisper is so close to his ear, “you’re wrong about something.” Then, lips are brushing against his ear. “Dean loved you, too.”
feel things like that. But it hadn’t changed how Dean felt. He’d spent one too many mornings jacking off in the shower, thinking of Cas kneeling before him.
He can’t let go. He won’t let go. This impossible moment has been dreamed of for six months that felt like an eternity. Cas is real and corporeal and he’s warm and the stubble on his face is scratching Dean’s cheek. Dean breathes the moment in.
He pulls his boxers down, kicking them off his still damp feet. Pulls on a pair of grey sweatpants. He looks at himself in the mirror. Dean is fidgety. Fidgety is not his style. He doesn’t fidget. Especially regarding sex. He’s had so much sex during his life he’d consider himself something of an expert.
him. All this time… he had felt this way for Dean – this constant, ravenous hunger to be near him and to have him and to protect him – and he hadn’t even known what it was he was feeling. Cas huffs at his own foolishness. Being an angel meant he wasn’t supposed to feel these things, but he
He wants the things he’s always wanted. Peace. Domesticity. Nothing gunning for him. Hell, he’s always secretly wanted a Stevie Nicks poster in his bedroom: he’d given that dream up years ago thinking Sam would give him shit about it. Maybe - maybe now getting shit wouldn’t matter. Or maybe he wouldn’t get shit on at all.
Panting, he tries to stand up straight. The darkness surrounding him somehow seems thicker. “What now?” He means to sound bold and unbothered. He’s not.
“Yeah, I know who Cas is, genius. I just thought you would’ve seen him already since you were such good friends.” She points a finger at Dean and jabs it into his chest. “He talks about you an awful lot.” She pauses. Raises an eyebrow. “Sounds like you were the reason he did all this.”
Now Meg’s body walks steadily toward him once more, face pouting and eyes heavy lidded. “You would be in the bedroom next to his, and he would imagine you knocking on his door”-
Sam shifts in his seat, looking at Dean earnestly. He reaches out as though to pat Dean’s shoulder before thinking better of it. “Dude,” he says softly, “Cas would do anything for you. Hell, he
“No, it doesn’t make it right.” Dean can feel his fists tensing. Old habits are hard to break. “But the kid didn’t mean it. It was an accident. Mom’s already said she’s forgiven him, so we should move on.”
Seduction means looking hot, though, right? Like that's not rocket science. And looking hot means... not wearing much? Is that a stretch? Hell, maybe a tux would be more apt for all he knows.
Shit. Damn. This – God, everyone is going to ask him this. Truth be told, he doesn’t want to be constantly explaining how he died. It hurt. It sucked. It wasn’t what he wanted. He – he –
Cas is almost immediately pulled aside by Bobby who wants to ask him more questions about the working mechanics of this new heaven, and Cas obliges after briefly hesitating. His knuckles are pressed to the back of Dean's hand, and his blue eyes are searching Dean's face, expression unreadable.
It’s a gentle, slow exploration of the touch: something new that’s been wanted for so long. It’s the steadying breath after a storm. It’s returning home after being gone for too long. Castiel is warm; his lips are soft and wanting. There is no ferocity, no urgent passion. Only the delicate press of their lips and the sharing of breath after years of being breathless.
Sure enough, just outside, there’s Sam hugging Cas tightly, and the two are smiling broadly and laughing about something. There’s a pang of
Dean tries to smile warmly, and he slaps Sam’s shoulder. His brother’s eyes light up a little. “Dean, you’re dead. You’re very much signed up. And I’m not worried. Obviously, Eileen will get to heaven. She’s a good person-“
Cas feels a kick of anger inside himself. He smirks. “Doesn’t matter,” he says at last. “Dean doesn’t feel that way for me. I got everything I could. I took my chance, and I told him, and I saved him, and I can be happy with that,” he grinds out. “For eternity.”
. Dean feels a small smile tug on his lips. He’s missed that guy. He’d missed so many people, and he’d dwelled on them all.
face to Sam before turning back to his dad. “Uhh, yeah. You know, the guy did pull me outta hell.” He isn’t going to say any more right now, and Sam doesn’t want anything more than to do a little gentle teasing.
He watches as Dean opens the door with something akin to nervousness etched on his face, soft wrinkles embellishing the skin around his eyes. His hair is damp.
Dean has no idea why he’s telling himself this. But he’s walking toward Cas, first one step and then another. And then he’s moving more briskly. And Cas begins moving toward him: his blue eyes wide and his expression akin to hopefulness.
He grins again. “You think I’m old – I barely made it into my forties. Sam over here –“ he pauses to gesture toward his brother whom he can’t actually find in the crowd. Whatever. “Sam was like in his eighties. The dude belongs in a museum.”
Sam quickly changes the subject. “Once Eileen is here – you guys will love her. She’s the best.” Sam is smiling happily, and Dean can breathe in relief. They can all talk for a while about how great Sam’s wife is – and she honestly is – and Dean can be left alone. Smiling, Mary listens in rapt attention to Sam describe his wife and child. John offers up an awkward fist bump after asking if Eileen was pretty and getting an affirmative response.
Dean deflates a little. What had he had his whole life besides killing monsters and taking care of Sam? And now that there’s a decisive lack of monsters, Dean almost didn’t know what to do with himself. And really, did he even know Sam anymore?
"Cas - you - I just want you so bad. I want you back. I wish you'd told me what kinda deal you'd made. We could've figured something out. We would've worked at it. I wouldn't have let that thing take you, Cas." He tries to look around, checking his privacy, but the tears have made the world blurry. "We could've been happy."
. He’s never been able to want. And so wanting is so removed from what he thinks is possible it becomes
Mary wants a lot of things. She wants to know how he’s been. She wants to hear more about Sam and Eileen. She wants him to know that she’s okay with everything that happened to her. She insists she’s not bitter about it. “Jack has apologized to me multiple times for what happened.” Mary waves her hand dismissively. “I forgave him a long time ago. It’s something that happened, just like everything else that happened to us.” She smiles at Dean. “I’ve been here with your dad in a perfect home, and we’ve been given a second chance. This place – heaven is
He wants Cas. That was fucking glaring given that he’d just invited himself to the guy’s home. Shit, he’d wanted Cas for so long and so desperately and so hopelessly it had shifted from a constant, burning fire to a little tended flame he’d tucked away into a dark corner. It would be stoked frequently by accident: watching Cas be a badass always got to him. That much was obvious. But seeing Cas be gentle: watching him trying and failing to make pancakes for everyone. Seeing him smile at Dean over an evening whiskey. Feeling the tenderness with which he would heal Dean’s injuries.
He pushes the door open harder than he should, and the sound startles Cas and Sam apart. Sam’s eyes look a little wet.
Dean had always known he sometimes felt attraction to guys. But it was something he never felt like he could do much about. He knew his dad would’ve beat the shit out of him years ago if he’d caught Dean kissing another boy. Hell, he almost
If Dean is being honest with himself - and now is a time for honesty - he knows, really, what he wants.
." And just like that, he sinks to his knees beside the tree. He wipes his coat-sleeve over his face but misses half the tears.
It sneers. Eyes him up and down. “I knew you would tell him. I knew that would be what brings you back to me.” It reaches out one of Meg’s hands and trails her fingers down the lapel of his trench coat. “Dean Winchester
And Mary is about to shush John, and Dean just wants to leave because he’s party tired and now the party is just starting to crank up, and when Dean casts his eyes to his left, he can see Ellen doing shots with Cas and they are both laughing, and the sight of Cas enjoying himself and taking shots even though it doesn’t give him a buzz just makes Dean’s chest feel tight. And he wants to go home with him.
When had Dean not been used? God, it was embarrassing how he just absolutely melted when a girl he was fucking would caress his jaw tenderly or compliment him in the moment. Dean sighed again and wiped his hand across his face. There was a bridge before him, and he was feeling a strange, strong pull to it. He pulled Baby over, got out, and strode onto it.
that now. The name for what he felt. Even here, even in this absolute bleakness, he inwardly rejoiced. He could even smile. The many millennia he had lived could be happily concluded with loving a finite creature so unlike himself - so clearly something he wasn't meant to love, but he
lovely, isn’t he? Such pretty eyes and a pretty mouth. I bet you’re just wishing right now you could hold him, but”- it pauses and releases Cas’ coat –“you can’t. And you never will.”
His shoulders shake as he begins to sob in earnest. No one understood. How could anyone understand? Sam tried to console, but he didn't get it. Dean couldn't bring himself to tell Sam what exactly had happened when Cas died, and Sam was smart enough not to press even though he really wanted to know. Cas was his friend, too. Hell, he probably deserved to know. Eileen was reaching out, too. She treated Dean with more gentleness than he deserved, and she'd given him a really fucking cool knife she'd found just a couple weeks ago. It was nice. It made Dean feel cared for. He had family. Dammit, he knew he had family. But he wanted, he
They both laugh at that, and she chatters on about how they could sense that Dean would be here soon – Sam, too – and they were glad to welcome them. She asks how Dean died and empathizes when he explains. She’s sorry it hurt. He is too.
And Cas had done nothing. Sure, his chest was hammering, and he had swallowed hard at the feeling of Dean speaking so close to him, but he still did nothing.
It’s more suspenseful than any film Dean ever showed him. What had he missed? He knows this moment. He lived it. What was there? Why is he being shown this?
Castiel puts down his book, making note of the page. He’d been stabbed by Ramiel’s lance and nearly died just the day previous. After returning to the bunker, he’d spent most of his time resting, desiring to be alone to recover himself. He didn’t want Dean or Sam to worry over him. It was better to hide away.
Dean pokes his head in through the narrow opening. “Cas, I – uh – was just wondering how you’re doing.”
in Dean’s chest, and it kind of hurts and it kind of makes him anxious, and he’s hurrying outside before his mom can say anything more.
"- And Cas was a warrior, Dean. He'd led a very violent existence long before we came into his life. He was a fighter, and he knew the risks."
. He never noticed these things. Never stopped to smell the roses. It wasn’t because he didn’t want to. He had wanted to. So deeply. So much that it hurt because he had wanted to have all of these things. More than four hours of sleep at a time. A body that didn’t ache from old injuries. A mind that isn’t burdened by memories of real and terrible things. He’d wanted domesticity - as embarrassing as that sounded.
Dean’s heart drops into his stomach and he feels like he’s going to keel over. “Oh, cool.” And he knows he sounds dumb, but Jo doesn’t press any further. He hugs her and asks where her mom is. Jo points to the counter. Sure enough, there’s Ellen, bustling happily, no doubt glad to be back in her bar. She’s talking to a few people, and Dean doesn’t want to bother her yet. Instead, he mingles, and Jo brings him a beer before staying behind the counter with her mom. The drink is cold. It’s good. Everything is good. All these people – some he knew well, some not so well, some he loved – they’re all happy to see him. Sam is having a great time, hugging everyone and telling them how much he missed them.
He’s about to tell her some dumb story about a funny case she missed out on when she taps his shoulder and gestures for him to turn.
She looks at John in a way Dean might describe as pleading. Did she always have to look at him like that to get him to do things?
And then his dad would abandon teenage Dean with a youngster to take care of, and Dean had felt no option but to mill around at the truck stops they frequented, waiting for someone – almost always a greasy, older guy – to offer him cash in exchange for a blow job in their backseat. It kept him and Sam afloat on those long stretches without their dad. And John never asked how Dean had come by enough cash to pay for groceries and new socks for Sammy. Probably figured his boy just stole it.
Well, that's the understatement of the year. He's fucking miserable. But Dean doesn't want this sadness, this misery. He wants to be in control.
Dean smiles like he doesn't give a shit, but he does give a shit, and he doesn't like this conversation anymore. But it’s good - it’s undeniably good: seeing his parents again. They are well. There’s no threat. No pain in their faces. No one is dying because they’re already dead, you know? The pressure is off.
They park and get out. “Boys!” Bobby calls. Sam damn near sprints to the old man, wrapping him in a tight hug. They pull apart, and Dean can see Sam wiping his eyes. Bobby laughs at him.
Dean shrugs Sam's hand off his shoulder a little too forcefully and stands up, walking away from the table. "And what have I got to be happy about, huh?" he yells.
But before they can walk away, Dean feels the sudden urge to rush forward and hug them both. He does so silently, relishing something he’d always wanted and never got to have the way he’d imagined. It’s brief. They both give him a little smile before he pulls away, waves gently, and walks outside.
“Dean.” It’s John’s voice cutting through his thoughts, pulling him back to earth. He gently slaps his son’s shoulder. This is how guys act. Men in a family. They might slap a shoulder or a sideways hug. Real, strong hugs are reserved only for extreme showcases of emotion. But right now, the shoulder slap will have to do.
One moment, Cas in in the bunker, and the next, he is in nothing. It’s a shock to his system, and if he weren’t still riding the emotional high of confessing his love to Dean, he would be frightened. Instead, he is only startled.
Cas watches himself nod. Watches Dean’s teeth snag his lower lip. And Dean opens the door, revealing his figure; the lamp’s glow in Cas’ room highlighting Dean in stark contrast to the dark hallway behind him. Dean’s damp hair is messy, and he is shirtless, wearing only his pajama pants sitting low on his hips. He’d clearly just showered.
Dean smiles gently at the thought of Sammy getting married. Sam having a good life with the person he loved. Sam getting to have everything that Dean had wanted and would never be able to have. Well, maybe not the wife and kids, exactly, but something like it.
Sam continues to be calm, but something in his eyes tells Dean that he empathizes. "Dean," he starts, quietly, "Jack is gone. I don't know where, but I'm sure he's doing things that we can't even begin to understand. And Cas -"
And… it’s Cas. His eyes look a little teary as well. Which totally makes sense. He cared about Sam a lot. They were close.
Cas gathers himself, clearly thinking hard. “I think it’s best I don’t keep you up. I’m not planning on sleeping tonight, and there’s research I think I’ll undertake regarding the princes of hell.”
"Dude, just listen for a minute!" Sam pushed his hair out of his face and took a deep breath. "We've got a lot of life ahead of us, Dean." He paused again, staring at Dean until he got some eye contact. Dean glowered at him but met his gaze. "And every major obstacle is out of the way. We're good now, dude. This is what you've always wanted. We can actually live our lives." Sam took another breath, then reached out to pat Dean's shoulder. "We can all try to be happy. And talking to a girl like Martha is a decent place to start."
Mary rolls her eyes. “I told you before, John. Castiel is Dean’s best friend. He was a good friend to both our boys.”
It had been about six months since that final loss, and it was the one that hurt the most. Absentmindedly, Dean brushes the nonexistent dust off the left shoulder of his jacket and heads inside.
His mom is standing behind him. Charlie smiles softly and waves “bye” before heading over to the pool table.
On cue, Sam loudly clears his throat. “Okay, then. I’m just gonna let you two figure this out.” Sam turns on his heel and marches back into the bar. They pay him no mind.
“Cas –“ and Dean is struggling to speak –“I was wondering if –“ the green eyes glance down, then to the side before settling back on Cas –“if you wanted some company.”
“Cas, I – uh – was just wondering how you’re doing.” He tries to smile but anticipation is getting the better of him. He wants this so badly - every drop of blood in his body is coursing right to his dick, and he's halfway to getting hard already. No doubt it'll show from under his sweatpants, but... maybe that's part of the whole seduction game.
“Son,” John says. “Why don’t you come home with us tonight? Our place –“ he beckons between himself and Mary “- isn’t too far from here. You’d like it.”
“Cas and I are gonna hang out. We got stuff to talk about.” Dean swallows. Stuff to talk about sounds generic enough, right? No one knows what he’s actually thinking, right? Dean can feel his cheeks starting to flame. His breath is coming up a little short. No one can see his thoughts and know what he really wants to do with Cas. Right? And it’s the wrong time, so very
Because he’d heard those words he’d fantasized of for so long. “I love you,” and he hadn’t known what to do. “I love all of you.”
Dean straightens out his now-slumped shoulders. Plasters a confident smile on his face. “Oh, yeah. I figured. Just wanted to check.” He turns around and leaves before Cas can say or do anything to make him feel more foolish than he already does. His footsteps are quiet as he makes his way down the hall to his own room. Not that he would admit it, but his eyes are fucking stinging and his chest aches.
He couldn’t bring himself to hope for a wife and kids the way Sam did. Sam had Eileen. She was ever-present and optimistic and she was what Sam needed. And Sam seemed to be what she needed. Dean would watch them together when the three of them were hanging out. Watching movies. Going to shitty diners. They would wrap their arms around each other so comfortably and securely. Sam and Eileen would share smiles and kiss affectionately. Dean was happy for them. Truly. So it disturbed him to feel pangs of... something. Not quite envy, but definitely a related emotion.
And whatever embarrassment, whatever pain, whatever personal failings he had suffered before were nothing compared to the shame he felt now. It was heavy, leaden, dripping desire drowning in utter shame.
And yet here he is. Fidgeting. He looks good. At least, he thinks he looks good. Would Cas think he looks good? He shifts the waistband of his sweats, pushing them down slightly. For no reason. The jut of his hipbones protrudes sharply above the fabric. He’s not wearing a shirt. Hell, maybe he should just walk in stark naked. It was hot when a girl did that for him before. But... what if Cas isn’t interested? Dean takes a steadying breath. He needs plausible deniability. Nudity doesn’t afford him any deniability. Like, hey, sorry I walked into your room fucking naked, Cas, I mistook it for the shower? Like hell. But shirtless? He can work with that.
Sure enough, Dean's cock twitches. Still only poking his head through the door, Dean tries to smile. He's not sure the expression makes it to his face.
Castiel nearly startles him by jumping up out of his chair stiffly, standing in place with wide eyes. Cas' lips part slightly, and his eyes look over Dean's body, but he says nothing.
He can see himself – see his own memories. And there he is with Dean in Dean’s bedroom, reclining next to each other on Dean’s bed, watching a movie on Dean’s laptop. They’re laughing over something stupid. And there it is. Cas can see it: the fondness in Dean’s eyes as he looks at Cas. A slight quirk of Dean’s lips.
"God, Cas - I just want you back. I'd do fucking anything to get you back." Suddenly, he can't breathe. His chest hurts so badly. Of course, Dean knows he's already fucking tried everything. Spells, hunting down and interrogating demons and monsters and witches alike. No one could offer a fool-proof way of bringing Castiel back. For some reason, everything they had tried had failed. Even the one method they were certain could work just... didn't. They'd tried so many - Sam swore he was happy to keep working at it, but Dean couldn't take it anymore. He wasn't sleeping over it. He couldn't take the raised hopes and continued disappointments. Cas was gone. That's all there was to it.
It’s something Dean wants to hear, so he smiles in return, but he can feel it doesn’t meet his eyes. It’s been a few years since Mary had died, and even that had not given Dean the time to heal those old wounds.
doesn’t allow any kind of intervention from now on.” At Jack’s name, John looks unhappily at Mary. She elbows him gently.
Then there’s hands on either side of his temple, squeezing tightly. The voice, now less like Meg’s and more like something deep and hollow, whispers harshly, “You already have these memories, Castiel.
The air is fresh. It feels good on his skin, flowing through the open windows as Baby purrs down the road. There’s a hint of something - gardenia maybe? Jasmine? Fuck, Dean had never been able to tell the difference, but he secretly liked both. Sam would’ve absolutely pounced on that opportunity to tease if he’d known.
This is a flashback chapter in Cas' point of view! This takes place immediately after he dies in 15x18.
But in that life, in that moment, he doesn’t. Past-Cas is unsure. Doesn’t know quite why he’s suddenly breathing so hard. He can’t
having a moment right now. No doubt about that. And the world didn’t end. There’s no emergency. Nothing is stopping them.
He had wanted that. Wanted to know at all times he was valued. He wanted to easily kiss someone and wrap his arm around them. Wanted to know someone wanted him too, that someone would never leave him. That he had someone he could always rely on.
and so real, thinking about it. Like it could maybe happen. But Cas was a fucking angel, and angels don’t -
It was imperceptible to Cas when he had lived the moment, but now, forced to watch this memory in sickening detail, Cas can see the subtle slump in Dean’s shoulders. His face is no longer open. No longer vulnerable. Dean’s expression becomes closed off. “Oh, yeah. I figured.” Dean nods and smiles. It doesn’t reach his eyes. “Just wanted to check.” And he’s leaving the room, closing the door behind him.
That gets something of a laugh out of Sam. An exasperated laugh, but a laugh nonetheless. “I just... Look, Dean, I don’t want to piss you off. I’m just sayin - maybe Cas loves both of us, okay? I just... God, why do you have to be so obtuse?”
It’s anger Dean feels first. Then embarrassment. His cheeks are flaming. He’s falling, he’s flying, he’s feeling a thousand different things and can’t name any of them. “What?” he says lamely, the sound coming out a little choked.
“Alive?” she interjects, smiling. She’s wearing a worn t-shirt and has light in her eyes. Seeing her is something of a shock: surely he knew her in a different lifetime? An alternate reality? Jo has been gone for years and years, and Dean had almost forgotten what she looked like. “This heaven is great, Dean.” She gestures around them. “Your friend and your kid fixed everything.” She smiles and pushes a strand of blonde hair out of her face. “It’s so much better than just reliving some bullshit memories for eternity.” Rolling her eyes and chuckling, she adds, “That sucked ass. Now, I’ve got my family back. Me, my mom, my dad - we’re together again, back in the bar.”
For some dumb reason, Dean almost feels prideful about it even though he had no part in its improvement. If he weren’t careful, his chest would puff up. “Yeah, so I keep hearing. Sounds like Jack and Cas were busy.”
Dean had to admit to himself that it hurt. He had imagined himself and Sam and Cas together forever. Well, that is, until Eileen.
Dean had been seventeen and had run into a cute guy named Steve, a few years older with shockingly blonde hair. And Dean was young and horny and they’d barely introduced themselves before they were making out behind the dilapidated Dairy Queen where Dean was supposed to meet up with John.
Since removing Chuck from the equation, their lives had been relatively simple. No big baddies to deal with. Nothing universe-altering. Just regular, run-of-the-mill hunts they hadn't focused on in years and occasionally helping out Rowena with a stray demon or two causing mischief. She was relishing her role as Queen of Hell, and Sam was more than happy to humor her and do her bidding. Hell, Dean didn't mind it himself, and he was glad to see Sam happy with their work now. And Sam had Eileen. That's just it: Sam was happy.
The pain Dean harbored in life is still there, not so pressing now, but there nonetheless. He vaguely wonders if it ever goes away.
Dean quietly makes his way out of his room and pads barefoot down the hallway. His feet are still a little damp and stick slightly to the floor.
He downs his beer. Saunters over to the counter, replacing his empty bottle with another cold one handed to him by Jo. She winks before returning to her mom’s side. He chats more with Rufus. Then with Ash. His mullet is even more carefully styled than before. Leaning against the counter, Ash smiles confidently, puffing on a fat cigar.
It’s firm but gentle and neat. Dean parts his lips just enough to pull gently at Cas’ upper lip. It lasts only a moment. In unison, they pull apart to look at each other once more and breathe together. Dean can feel Cas’ hands on his waist. Those hands that pulled him out of hell are gripping at him.
-“Actually a clever move. I expected you, but Billie as well; that was just delicious.” It strides closer to him, looking proud, chin high. “I hope you’re not expecting a thanks.”
“I think it’s best I don’t keep you up. I’m not planning on sleeping tonight, and there’s research I think I’ll undertake regarding the princes of hell.” And Cas hates his past self, speaking so stupidly and not saying the words that should have been said.
She tugs gently but firmly on John’s arm, steering him back toward the party and their friends. It takes a moment before John allows himself to be moved.
John heaves a sigh. “Alright. I just didn’t know you guys were that close.” But Dean can tell it isn’t really alright with him. It’s more like a splinter under John’s skin that he can’t quite pry out right now but will come back to it later with a needle. Better prepared.
Sam’s eyes lock on Dean’s, his face almost quizzical. “That maybe Cas cares about you differently than he cares about the rest of us?” Sensing Dean’s comment before it’s even uttered, Sam adds: “I know we’re like family to him. I’m not saying I don’t think that. I’m saying that maybe you’re a different kind of family. To him, I mean.”
And Cas knows the torment is about to begin. But he can take this. Because he got to tell Dean. He got to do the one thing he thought he could never do. Nothing else mattered. Dean Winchester was saved and he knew he was cared for. What else mattered?
good to see Ash. It’s good to see Rufus. It’s good to see Bobby and Ash and Jo and Ellen. For so long, his memories of them had been tarnished with bad, bloody deaths. This is his chance to live again without conflict or threat.
much the wrong time, but the image of him sweating and bent over and Cas thrusting against his ass flashes in his mind and Dean is suddenly so, so ready to leave.
Cas nods as a response, keeping his eyes laser-focused on Dean's body. His eyes look like they're getting darker as he watches Dean come into his bedroom, shutting the door gently behind him.
“No, stop,” Cas yells, pushing away from it and wheeling the other direction. Meg instantly appears before him again and now his feet are stuck. He can’t move.
Dean can hear his mom saying something, probably to his dad, but right now he can’t focus because Cas has suddenly turned his head and is looking at him. His eyes are wide. Dean would be tempted to call the expression shy if it weren’t for the fact that he was just imagining Cas fucking him and Cas is an Angel and can maybe know what Dean is thinking. Can he?
His chest is pounding. He can hear his blood pulsing in his ears. But he isn’t scared. He’s not even necessarily worried. He’s just... dealing with a lot. Dean looks down, tipping the toe of his boot into the red tinted dirt. Scrapes it back and forth, forging a tiny path in the soil, and he works to calm his breathing. What the fuck does he want right now? He wants to live. And there’s something poetically fucked up that he can’t, by definition, because he’s dead. But what does it mean now to be dead? Does anything he does even matter? Could he just get fucking stabbed again by accident or drive Baby off a slippery road and dive off a cliff? Can he even get hurt? Can he feel anything?
He’s going to say it. Dean’s going to say it. He takes a deep breath to steady his nerves. Licks his lips. “I’ve got other family I wanted to see. Tonight.”
Something like a needle being pulled out of his brain jolts him from the memory. “You hurt him,” Meg says. “Dean thought you didn’t want him, and he
When Dean comes back to earth, his parents are still there. It was probably too much to hope for awkwardness to be absent from Heaven. He’s never been that lucky.
It takes much less time to arrive at the Roadhouse than Dean expected, but it’s not unwelcome. He’s got Sam. He’s sure his parents are inside waiting for them: the lights of the Roadhouse are on in the late afternoon light, and he can hear the bustling of folks inside. Music wafts out the windows and into the warm air. Bobby is standing in the doorway talking to someone Dean can’t quite make out, but he can tell Bobby is happy. It’s good seeing him smile like that. Sighing, Dean even thinks he could get used to seeing everyone happy again. When had they ever been happy all at the same time? Fucking never.
The moment Cas is in arm’s reach, Dean pulls him close, hugging him fiercely. Colliding, they nearly topple over, each adjusting their stance to avoid falling into the dirt. He presses his cheek firmly to Cas’ and the angel is gripping him just as tightly. They breathe deeply and in unison. He’s uncertain, but Dean thinks his face has broken into a smile.
“Oh,” Mary says in the middle of describing the kitchen, “You got to say hi to Cas, right? I think I just saw him with Ellen.”
Why is it different explaining to his mom than it was to Charlie? Dean takes a breath. “No, mom, it’s okay. Really. I died on a hunt.”
Sam continues chatting, excitedly describing his son to Dean: how this Dean inherited all their best qualities and none of their bullshit. Dean likes to hear it, no doubt about it, and he’s troubled that a part of him feels melancholy processing Sam’s words. Sam had a child?
The Empty can sense the shift in his demeanor. “Ah. There it is.” It is still circling Cas slowly, and now Meg’s form is standing at his side. A hand trails up his arm, softly gripping his bicep. He wants to pull away. He doesn’t.
As they stood there on that bridge together, the air a perfect temperature, a hint of breeze just cool enough to nip at their skin, Sam dug his hands deep into his pockets and had the nerve to suggest they could probably just *zap* themselves to the Roadhouse given that it’s heaven. Dean had given him the stink eye.
Cas looks a little younger – not so tired and worn down by everything that had gone wrong. He looks like warmth and home and comfort.
Sam is right. It really wouldn't hurt to talk to someone new. Someone who probably is nice - someone Dean might've thought about years ago. But this isn't 'years-ago-Dean.' This is
He would never admit that precious thought out loud, but he craved it. A small house that was his, not the rambling bunker built for war. A small house with a garage for Baby. A small house with a tidy kitchen and windows that had floral curtains like the ones he remembered his mom decorated their family home with before she had died. And it hadn’t happened. None of it.
“Can I come in?” he hears himself say quietly. He bites his lip. He feels lightheaded; he feels dizzy; he feels a kind of need he doesn't know if he's experienced before.
Needing to see Sam arrive safely is something Dean couldn’t get past. The whole dying young and never having the wife and kids expected of him thing had left Sammy as his only blood family and final obligation. He knew he shouldn’t, he
“Dean,” Mary says softly. Earnestly. “I’m not happy you’re here, but now that you are –“ she pauses and smiles at him, putting a hand on his shoulder - “we can try again at being a family.”
Dean swallows hard. Takes a breath. “Nah. Jack’s ‘in the rain and the wind’ and all that crap, so who knows about him, and Cas… he’s probably busy.”
Not knowing why, Cas stood up a little too quickly. A lump fought to develop in his throat, and he swallowed it down.
Then the Empty appeared before him. There was a rippling in the dark material that made up the space, a dark form, and then Meg. Why it had chosen to steal Meg’s visage, Cas didn’t know. He didn’t like it. Meg didn’t deserve that.
into guys," Sam corrects himself. He gets serious then and softens his tone. "You know that, right?"
Cas continued to open Dean up, sliding in and out of him, kissing him, swallowing all the little moans that escaped through Dean's lips.
Turns out that not everybody has had a few gay thoughts here and there. Dean could have sworn that that's just part of life. But Sam's really adamant about the fact that it's not.
Dean stutters around a bit, trying to find words to defend himself. "I've got no idea what he could mean by that," he lies.
"Okay, I'm leaving, I'm leaving," Sam exclaimed, loudly, probably in an attempt to drown out any other noises.
An overwhelming sense of adoration came over Castiel, and he leaned forward to nibble on Dean's chin and lips, pushing a third finger into him.
Two minutes later, in one of the spare bedrooms, Cas has explained to Dean that prayers work unconsciously and that Dean should be careful with what he sends Cas' way.
"I know what you're afraid of, Dean, but please hear me out." He leans in closer, raising his chin and regarding Dean with an unwavering stare and dilated pupils. "I want you," he says, dragging out each word as if it was the most important thing in the world, "
When Cas comes, just a few seconds after him, the ceiling light bursts and sends red-hot sparks flying down unto them.
They spend Christmas in the bunker with a giant tree where the telescope usually stands. Dean gets an ironic ugly Christmas sweater for Cas, and Cas keeps wearing it well into January.
Cas slides down the headboard, pressing his body closer to Dean's and nuzzling into his chest. "Yes. Maybe my brothers and sisters will see how much you mean to me, and chain me there," he murmurs dreamily. "I would stay with you forever. If you let me."
That's how long Dean manages to stay sane. After that, he starts jerking off again. To lesbian porn.
"No, Dean—", Sam grabs Dean's arm to keep him from walking away, "Seriously, don't be stupid. Who knows how long you have left — how long any of us have left. Don't let that time go to waste."
Dean's mouth shapes a perfect o, and nothing comes out. Cas shifts from one leg to the other, obviously uncomfortable.
Dean doesn't plan on celebrating Valentine's day, but Cas prepares him breakfast in bed, so then he kind of has to step up to Cas' level. Sam's "Awwwww!" when Dean shoves a bouquet of roses into the angel's hands is really fucking annoying.
A flutter of wings announced their friend Castiel's arrival, and Sam rolled his eyes when he heard Dean turn off the tv and greet the angel with a smooth "Heeeey".
Sam has a dumb-ass grin on his face when they get into the car. Dean wants to turn on some loud music to deter conversation, but Sam is quicker, swatting his hand away from the radio.
"Dude, he told me about it. I'm not even sure the poor guy understands what's happening. He said he felt 'heated emotions'." Sam does air quotes.
Cas shows up nevertheless, a few hours later, and announces himself with a rap on Dean's bedroom door.
Dean's eyes fluttered open, regarding Cas for a moment before looking at Sam. Sam swallowed hard, thought maybe he should clear his throat, ease the tension. But then Cas sat up straighter, and the blanket slipped down to the mattress, revealing the angel's ass and, oh my god, their dicks. Cas grabbed Dean's with no hesitation at all, moving his wrist up and down, slowly at first, then faster. Dean's eyes watered, sparkled in the yellowish motel light, and he threw his head back against the wall, moaning. The eye contact broken, Sam felt that he might be able to move now, and took a tentative step forwards, tilting his head slightly to get a better look at his brother's dick. Dean was gripping the bedsheets hard, fingers digging into the fabric. Some incoherent words slipped out between the moans, and Sam could have sworn he heard his name again.
His words were cut off when Dean grabbed his ass hard. "Shut up about Sammy," he breathed into Cas' ear, "and fuck me already."
Dean can't quite concentrate on the information, and when Sam asks them about it later it is Cas who repeats her words to him.
Sam tilts his head. "What? What type is he, then? Also, it's not like you're the relationship type either."
Cas' hand vanishes from Dean's pants and a moment later Dean is pulled out of the kitchen, past Sam, quickly into the direction of their bedroom.
, and takes a hesitant step towards the bed. He's just as naked as Cas, having gotten rid of both their clothing minutes ago.
Real-world Dean was also getting deepthroated by Cas, held down by Cas, commanded around by Cas. Ever since they started having sex it seemed like the most natural thing in the world to Dean that Cas would be topping him.
s that transformed into loud moaning as they both came closer to their climax. Cas had told him to be quieter or Sam might hear them. At those words, Dean had come, spilling all over himself and Castiel's chest, moaning his brother's name.)
Turns out, Cas isn't here on business. He has a few days free from his heavenly affairs and wants to spend them in the bunker with the Winchesters.
Dean doesn't really know what he's talking about, but he sees Sam look at Cas with a mix of sadness and excitement.
A few weeks pass and they're on a hunt. Sam is searching the house for EMF and Dean and Cas talk to the vics: a young mother and her daughter. The child saw a ghost and doesn't want to talk, so Dean requests for the woman to step out of the room for a second. He gives his usual talk to the kid: that he believes everything, and he wants to hear what the girl has to say, no matter how crazy it sounds. It doesn't get her to talk, however, and then it's Cas' turn to attempt to get information out of her. Cas has learned a lot about social cues and human emotion, so he goes for the personal route: he kneels in front of the girl and tells her "My name is Castiel. I'm not actually from the FBI. Me and my friends, we're ghostbusters."
Dean realizes that nothing at all is stopping him from doing so, and he leans over Cas, pressing his abdomen onto Cas' back, and starts to whisper promises into the angel's ear while he pushes his finger deeper into him.
Dean laughs at him for a full five minutes before deciding that the bed is too small even for just two people, and that he and Cas will have to get a bigger one.
"I'd like to watch you sleep, if that's alright," he says, and Dean contemplates pretending to be offended by the suggestion, but it's kind of too late to save his pride here, so he just nods and lets Cas follow him into the room.
Not ten minutes later Cas is naked in front of him, face down, ass up, and Dean thinks he might pass out from the sight of it.
Dean clears his throat and can't help shooting Cas a quick smile via the mirror before returning his eyes to the road.
Dean was grinning widely, biting his lip. Cas took that as permission to add another finger, and as he did, Dean's lips shaped a beautiful "O" as glee was replaced with pleasure.
And the other alternative is Cas breaking his radio silence, showing up at the bunker, and forcing Dean to look into his eyes and relive his dirty, dirty,
Cas moans again, and his whole body is trembling, and Dean wants to wrap himself around him, steady him, tell him (or rather, himself) that everything is going to be okay.
Dean grins. "Well, we have all the time in the world." He moves to grab Cas' hands that are resting on his own stomach and squeezes.
Dean motions Cas to sit up and hands the two of them their food before getting comfortable next to Cas and pressing play.
In the car, Dean asks Sam why Cas is always all over them, so touchy. His brother says he only does that to Dean, which shuts Dean up until three hours later when he asks Sam if he's straight.
On their way home, they discussed their plan for the rest of the day, so Dean immediately goes to the kitchen to warm up yesterday's dinner leftovers while Sam prepares the Netflix documentary.
Cas is in the library when Dean comes stumbling out of the shower. Dean already has enough alcohol intake to forget the whole gay-fantasy thing, even though it's barely noon. Still, the sight of the angel is rather shocking.
, and after that he gets a lot of feelings-talk that borders dangerously close to chick-flick territory.
Dean's thoughts did somersaults, trying to grasp why Sam was still there. Why he wasn't disgusted, just embarrassed. He glared at his younger brother while Cas continued to fuck him. Finally, Sam's eyes flickered up, widened in shock at Dean looking at him, and stayed there, not breaking eye contact.
Dean takes a deep breath and spreads Cas, letting his fingers run over Cas' hole carefully, eliciting a heavy moan from the angel.
"About what you asked..." Cas begins. "I don't think I understood the questions completely. But if you were to explain-"
It's late, Sam's in bed already and Dean is about to say goodnight to Cas when the angel suddenly grabs his shoulder, gently pulling him closer. His eyes, dark yet affectionate, meet Dean's for an instant, and Dean detects a hint of hesitation in them; a question.
The bunker feels comfortably cool for the men after standing in the summer sun for as long as they did.
Dean came with a shudder, hips bucking, biting his lip, his gorgeous eyes squeezed shut. His cum spilled over his own belly and Cas's hand. Sam stared in shock as the Cas touched Dean before raised his fingers towards his own mouth, and sucked, getting a taste of Dean.
Sam opened his mouth to retort, couldn't think of anything, grabbed his towel out from his bag, turned to Dean to give him his best bitchface, and said "If it was so private you'd have your own room." He opened the bathroom door. "I'm taking a shower," he said and did just that. A cold one.
Sam beats his hand on the table and says, "Not at the dinner table, Cas," as he wipes himself down. The angry tone in his voice shuts Cas up.
"Do what?" Cas asks calmy and moves closer. It's too dark for Dean to make anything out, the angel's just a looming shadow above him.
Dean has done anal sex. Many times. He loved it when girls would ask for it shyly, or when they would demand it without shame. It didn't matter, Dean was always up for it. No problem.
After that, Cas reckons that Dean should pray to John as well. Dean prays to his mother instead, asking her to tell dad.
In the end, Cas leaves, confused and rightly irritated, and Dean rubs his hands over his face and groans heavily.
At his words Dean's gaze returned to him, eyes glazed over, eyebrows slightly raised. Muffled moans slipped through Cas' fingers as his other hand continued to open Dean up.
Fall comes and goes with many hunts but without death-scares or end-of-the-world scale happenings. The hunters keep talking about how they should probably kill Crowley, with him being the king of hell and all, but their hearts aren't really in it, so nothing comes of it.
In his dream, he was kissing Cas, right on the mouth, like it's nothing at all, like he does it all day every day.
With a lopsided grin, Cas stared at Dean. "He will finish his shower, he'll hear us-" Dean bucked his hips upwards, desperate for friction. "-He'll see us. He'll see me fucking you, Dean."
“Cas,” Dean starts, “You are amazing at writing poetry. And I meant it when I said that there was something about your writing that speaks to me. It is deep and personal but that is what makes it so amazing. I think Charlie is right, people would benefit from you sharing your poetry.”
“I do not know any poetry,” I admit. “Not like the others here do. I will look like an idiot when I get up there.”
The brunette sitting next to Charlie, Dorothy if Castiel remembers her name correctly, joins the conversations. “No, the best one is The Half Blood Prince. I like how you learn the backstory of Tom Riddle. But you also learn about the horcruxes and what they are.”
“I will tell you that the church is not my prefered place to be. It is a place that I go when I need to seek guidance, if only because my parents instilled that belief in me. But I know there is no one place that you are better to reach God, the church just wants you to believe that. The truth is that God has touched everything so he is everywhere.”
“After Lucifer killed you, I was lost. I prayed for God to bring you back and when he didn’t I was devastated. I threw myself into hunting and was always angry, though I suppose I am always angry. But I took it out on Sam and the kid. I was just so lost. I didn’t know who I was anymore. And what I saw I didn’t like.”
“Exactly, that is why I didn't tell you, Castiel. And I keep telling you that you are an amazing poet and need to share your poems with the world. And it is the truth. This prize just goes to show how amazing you were. I know it is not much and you deserve so much more than a $20 gift card to the cafe, but here,” Charlie says as she hands him over his prize.
“If you don’t mind my asking, what is in the bag?” Dean asks, nodding to the bag that is by Castiel’s feet.
“Don’t interrupt me, Castiel.” Naomi raises a hand and slaps Castiel across the face. “I had such high hopes for you. But they are all diminished now that you are an abomination. And no matter how much Chuck and I try to correct you, you still chose to sin.”
Sam motions for me to take a seat.  “And what can I help you with, Dean?” Sam asks as I take a seat across from him.
Castiel is standing by the main door of the church and greeting individuals as they enter. Charles is standing by Castiel and going over the sermons that he has planned for the morning.
I let out a laugh, “I meant I will hear you out. You can ask me anything, and I’ll answer honestly.”
“You were too good for her anyways, brother,” Benny comments. “Don’t listen to anything that she said to you because you know it ain’t the truth. You gave her everything she ever asked for and more. And it still wasn’t enough for her.”
“Oh, I am not really a fan of the beach, is there nothing else we could do instead?” Castiel inquires.
After several minutes, my name is called. And though I am nervous, I force myself to stand and make my way to the stage.
I quickly read through the poem. I take a pen to the page hoping to finish it and make edits before my name is called to the stage. I feel Dean’s gaze on me but force myself to work faster.
I recognize that tone in Cas’ voice. It means this is the only chance that I get, the only chance I have to make a good impression rather than coming across as an asshat. “When you are finished with Meg, can we talk?”
“It is settled then Castiel,” Charlie cuts me off. “You are reading tonight and there is nothing you can do about it. I will give you a few minutes to prepare. Now if you will excuse me there is someone I need to call to the stage. But you better be ready because you will be after him.” Charlie flashes a smile as we part.
“Now, I know you two do not agree with what Castiel is but that doesn’t mean we need to belittle him at school in front of his peers. We are better than that and father expects better from us.”
Despite all of that, he has somehow managed to have a normal life, or as normal as he can. He has a full time job as a mechanic. He has a beautiful girlfriend and a kid he thinks of as his own. But there was something about his life that was not satisfying.
“It is just that you and Castiel are so different. You are the popular jock and he is the nerdy kid. You would rather be out having a good time while he would prefer to focus on his studies. The popular kid only ever notices the nerd in stupid romcoms, never in reality.”
“You are a sinner and we would all be better if you were not around.” Another punch to the gut almost has me throwing up my breakfast. But I force it down.
“Wait, you are telling me that it was an actual competition and not just a reading. Why am I only finding out about this now? If I had known I never would have participated.”
Meg waves Castiel’s apology off and lets out a laugh. She looks at me and states, “That is actually the first question I asked. Clarence here said no.”
“My favorite character is Luna Lovegood,” Castiel says. “I really love how she embraces who she is and doesn’t care what others think of her. It is an attitude that I wish I had.”
Cas’ plan is put into action thanks to the help from Charlie. Dean takes it in stride and seemingly passes Castiel’s test. Dean and Cas talk and get to know each other.
After several minutes of contemplation, Castiel settles for his everyday attire - a pair of black slacks and a button down shirt. He trades his usual white button down for a darker one, though.
“This is all a bit hard to believe.” Sam has a smile on his face. “And it honestly sounds like you are more than interested in this guy. The way you are talking about him, it almost sounds like you are in love with him.”
Charlie smiles at Dean, “It is alright, Dean, I am just teasing. I would rather spend the weekends with you, so, don’t put stuff off just so you can visit me throughout the week.”
“You can pull over here. I do not mind walking the rest of the way,” I say as I attempt to open the door.
“It is alright,” he replies. Cas smiles at me and I cannot help but return it. Cas’ smile falters a bit. “Are you getting ready to leave?” he asks, indicating my jacket and backpack.
“That I am. But as you can see I am not alone today,” I say as I indicate to Dean. “Dean agreed to accompany me tonight. And am I correct in assuming that you know each other?”
It is not an unknown fact that I do not come from a place of money. All my life my family and I have had to work hard for what we have. And truthfully, I do not see the point in spending money on unnecessary things.
“This path that you have chosen is wrong, Castiel. Let us lead you back to the light and maybe God will forgive your sins.”
Before Sam can ask another question, Dean looks at Jack and signals that he is ready for the portal to be opened.
“I don’t want to hurt Cas. I want to be there for him,” I admit, surprising myself. “And I will be sure to let him know the next time I see him.”
Whoever said that the person who has a hand in raising you showed you mercy was wrong. I have learned firsthand that mercy is a false concept. My foster parents, who have raised me since I was a baby, had no qualms about raising a fist or belt to me.
“No that is not it.” Jo puts a finger to her chin as she thinks. “Oh, I know now. You are that kid who is always at the church. You go there every night and always help out at events.”
“Are you sure? I don’t mind taking you to the doctor to have it checked out. It looks pretty serious,” Dean comments.
“It is no wonder Jo was asking him all those questions about his beliefs. From what I have heard they follow the traditional views of the Bible or as Cas called them the old and archaic views,” Sam states.
“The best advice I can give you is to be yourself,” Sam says after a moment. “You tend to get in your head when you talk to men. Get out of your own head and you should be fine.”
“Because after what happened I didn’t think you would want to get involved with someone else. Lisa broke up with you, giving you this whole speech about how you weren’t enough for her anymore. When in reality she was trying to cover up the fact that she was cheating on you with Alastair. I thought you would be hurting too much from that betrayal to want to start something new.”
Gabriel, who has been leaning against the door, lets out a chuckle. “That is complete bullshit Cassie and you know it. Just go change.”
Silence falls between us for a moment. It is not the kind of silence that is uncomfortable though, it is the silence that falls among friends when neither knows what to say.
“I tried talking to him earlier, you know, to ask him to hang out with me, but he blew me off. And in calculus earlier, he completely ignored me. I guess, I was wondering if you could give me advice on how to make him notice me,” I say.
“That sounds a bit wise for you,” Sam says. He looks at me and rolls his eyes. “So, who is this guy?”
Dean shakes his head and flashes a smile to Castiel. “We should get going, Cas.” At Castiel’s nod, Dean turns to leave but not before shouting, “See you around, Gabe.”
Dean’s heart ached and longed for the one person that he thought he could never have. He wasn’t even gone for ten minutes and Dean felt like he was dying from heartbreak.
Raphael lets out a laugh as he takes Lucifer’s place. “You know Lucifer is right, don’t you?” Raphael says. “You are an abomination and a disgrace.”
“Castiel, that was so beautiful. Sad and heart wrenching but nonetheless beautiful. It makes me want to know who the poem is about so I can beat them up on your behalf for breaking your heart.”
Before I can offer another suggestion, not that I wanted to anyways, Dean says, “I have never been to a poetry reading before, this should be interesting.”
Castiel acknowledges by nodding in my direction. His gaze never leaves the female and he talks to her as though he wasn’t interrupted.
I look up to see none other than Dean Winchester handing me some papers. I am surprised to see him helping me and even more surprised that he knows my name.
“Because if you didn’t you wouldn’t be here talking to me. You would have already gotten up and left or turned me down with a slap to my face.”
“I can work with that,” Dean replies as he walks them to a less crowded area. “No one really comes on this side, so it should just be us.”
“I always see him with his nose in a book,” Benny adds. “And he is a phenomenal writer or at least that is what I heard from Charlie, she did a project with him last semester.”
Another slap across the face. Castiel knows he shouldn’t but he cannot stop himself, “I didn’t chose to be gay, it is just who I am.” That statement warrants another slap.
“I know. I just want to find someone who loves me for me, faults and all. Someone who makes me happy in ways that I never have been before,” Dean admits.
Castiel listens to Gabe’s steps as he descends the staircase and goes back to trying to find an outfit to wear.
“Novak, I knew there was a reason we were friends,” she says. “Of course, I will help you. And thank you in advance for allowing me to bear witness to what is about to happen. Give me about half an hour.”
“The Empty is awake,” Cas says. Before Cas can say anything else, Dean pushes him through the portal and follows after.
I watch Castiel. And though we are on opposite ends of the hallway and Castiel’s appearance is ruffled, I can see that he is one attractive man.
A handful of guests come in and Castiel is grateful for their smiles as they help him forget what he has coming for him.
“Hey,” I say into the microphone, for lack of a better greeting. “I am not really familiar with poetry, but I do know music. Is it alright with all of you if I sing a song instead of reciting a poem.”
Castiel does a final check of his appearance, making sure that the bandages are not visible through his shirt before he exits his room and makes his way downstairs.
They arrive at the beach and Castiel is surprised by how easily Dean finds a parking space for the Impala.
“This,” Dean indicates the vast blackness surrounding them, “is not what you deserve. You deserve so much more. And I hope that I can show you just how much you deserve. But first we have got to get out of here. Will you come with me?”
A loud bang pulls my attention from my friends and to the noise down the hall. Being pushed against a set of lockers is a dark-haired man in slacks and a trench coat. Words are exchanged between the man in the trench coat and the three men crowding him. I cannot make out the exchange but it is clear that the man in the trench coat is uncomfortable.
“Because someone needs to put you in your place, you disgusting piece of shit,” Lucifer responds. He grinds up against me in retaliation.
I level Cas with a glare, a bit surprised how he can go from being friendly albeit a bit shy to closed off in moments. “There you go again. You know you don’t need to be like that.”
Dean waves his hand dismissively. “I know. And I get that the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few.” Dean sits on one of the beds and indicates for Cas to sit on the other.
“You are quite welcome,” I say as I finish tying off the bandages. “But, as I said, bandaging you up was the least I could do.”
“I’ll see you around,” Gabriel says as he flashes me a smile. Then he turns to leave down the hallway from which he came.
“It is a little ironic how he wants me to live a normal life and be happy with Lisa. But I can’t,” Dean admits as he prays.
“Sure,” Charlie winks at him. “Oh and by the way just wanted to let you know that you won the prize from the other day.”
I step down from the stage and return the guitar to its rightful owner. As I walk back to my table I notice Cas is smiling at me.
Charlie shakes her head, “How many times do I have to tell you he wasn’t lying? Honestly, I don't even think he could lie if his life depended on it. Jo, you need to ease up on him, he was nothing but supportive when I told him I was attracted to females. And he would be a hypocrite if he wasn’t supportive. He doesn’t have the easiest home life.”
I flash Dean a smile and concede, “I guess it is alright if you call me Cas.” It felt nice to admit that out loud. “And don’t worry about keeping me waiting. You are here now and that is all that matters.”
“Morning Marv,” Chuck greets. The two men converse in front of Castiel, but he pays them no mind, choosing to greet others that walk into the church, even helping people to their seats.
There's a mess inside his head, really, strings of thought bundled and knotted up, nothing really makes any sense but there's a lot of everything.
Cas always liked talking to Dean during their make-out sessions. From the very start, he always made sure that Dean is comfortable and that whatever he is doing feels good. Lately, however, Cas slips in other things in between the questions. Endearments, prayers, and then, after the thing in the car, "I love you"s.
Turns out that Cas just wanted to do some people-watching, so instead of marching they stand on the sidelines and point at funny signs or crazy outfits until they grow hungry.
Cas did so, discarding the trousers to the floor, then pulling the blanket over both of them, so their lower bodies were covered. "If we do it right now," Cas began, "Sam would walk out and see-"
Cas doesn't say anything, but he doesn't vanish. He stays, watching — until Dean's fallen asleep wrapped up in comfortable darkness, and maybe even longer than that.
"Yeah, and while I'm at it, I'll ask him to marry me. Have kids. Reserve us spots at a retirement home." Dean shoots Sam a look. "That's not us, and you know it."
It also means that Cas learns how to make love, and not just rub their sweaty bodies together in desperation. He worships every inch of Dean's body, and while Dean can't possibly accept any of the beautiful compliments he gets, he does like hearing them; likes Cas' undivided attention on him, and the way he makes such a human, biological act feel angelic and graceful.
Oh, come on. Now he's getting desperate. Angel or not, Cas is very much male, at least in every way Dean can see and feel.
Dean... Well, Dean's brain clocks out whenever Cas' hands start traveling around his body, touching and squeezing and pinching and scratching softly. Cas' mouth usually follows close behind, sucking hickeys into Dean's sensitive spots. Dean stopped covering them up after the third time Sam noticed one of the deep-blue bruises on his neck; it's no good anyway.
They get lost in each other, anxieties soon vanishing into thin air, and it ends with Dean filling Cas exactly like Cas begged him to.
A few moments passed, and Sam noticed that he had moved around the same two t-shirts in his bag for the last minute at least. His thoughts were a few feet behind him, on the bed with his brother and Cas. Just a quick peek, Dean wouldn't notice...
Sam rolls his eyes and sighs. "I didn't say you have to marry him, that was all you. I just mean, maybe Cas would enjoy knowing that you're, like, officially together or somethin'."
But Dean is surprised to find out that it's the exact opposite: Though he does appreciate Cas' womanly features, his favorite parts of the angel's body are the most masculine: his pleasure trail, which Dean loves places kisses along; his thick thighs decorated with dark hair; his shoulders; his big feet; the deepness of his voice when he attempts (and succeeds at) dirty talk; the way his beard scratches him when Cas is kissing or going down on him.
About five minutes later the shower stopped running, and Dean's eyes flickered towards the bathroom door, desperately grinding down onto Cas' fingers inside him, moaning.
"It's a bit scary at first, but don't worry, that'll pass," Linda continues. "I'm one of the organizers of this whole craziness. If you need anythin', just shout, okay?"
Sam couldn't believe what he was seeing. In fact, he couldn't believe he was still watching. Cas came on his brother's face for two, maybe three, seconds, and Sam was aware that this, now, was the very last moment, his last chance, to turn around, walk away, pretend to be disgusted. But he couldn't tear his eyes away from Dean. Dean, who's freckled face was now painted white, cum on his long eyelashes, plump red lips parted, tongue flicking out to get a taste. Something in his stomach twisted, he felt his blood rushing out of his head, his cock growing even harder than before. He had never seen Dean like this. Submissive, small.
They're in a bar they've scouted for a case, but the hunt was over and now they're waiting for dawn to drive back to the bunker. Dean had suggested drinks and hustling pool.
of thing) for a while now. He was happy for his brother, even if Dean was apparently still not fond of the idea of Sam seeing him and the angel together, awkward and twitchy whenever Sam caught them kissing. So, being the good baby brother that he was, Sam always turned the other way - or at the very least pretended to do so - so that they could have their little moments of peace.
Dean calms himself down by thinking back to how nice it was to fall asleep to Cas watching him in his dark bedroom, a guardian angel on his shoulder, keeping a respectable and comfortable distance when Dean needed it.
"Cas," he begins, and the angel smiles at him warmly. "There's something I need to ask you." Cas starts to frown, but Dean raises his hands. "No, no, don't worry. Everything's alright."
One time, when Dean is a bit drunk, he is getting his balls kissed and sucked on, and it feels so fucking good that he pushes Cas' face down further. Cas hums happily and nabs at Dean's butt before carefully spreading the asscheeks and licking at Dean's hole. It sends a shiver of cold panic through Dean's body, so he pulls Cas up again, and Cas happily takes Dean's cock in his mouth and finishes their togetherness in that way.
When Dean breathes his response into Cas' lips for the first time Cas moans hard and grips Dean's shoulders more tightly. And when Dean keeps saying it — because if that's the reaction he gets out of Cas for it, he sure as hell is going to continue — Cas truly unravels, and that's when they do it for the first time:
Dean leans into the touch even though they're both sweaty and hot, and relishes Cas' slow breathing against his back while watching the last stragglers of the parade walk by.
Dean tells Bobby in prayer, hoping that maybe somehow he can hear it up in heaven. He says, "Hey Bobby. There's something I think you should know. Me and Cas, we're kind of... together now. Like, as in, a couple. Just thought I'd tell ya, so you're not too shocked when we do finally end up in heaven with you. Miss you."
Does Cas even count? He's just a "multidimensional wavelength of celestial intent", right? He's genderless. He has a male vessel, yeah, but his
Maybe he is straight after all, Dean wonders to himself. And in a moment of extraordinary weakness (or strength, if you wanna be all mushy) he talks to Sam about it.
Dean cupped the angel's face in his hand and pulled him in for a kiss. "What?" he asked between heavy breaths.
to be a heartthrob, so really, Dr. Sexy just doesn't count. And he's not real anyway. Dean can't actually be into him because he doesn't actually exist.
"Yeah." Dean moves into the room, leaving the door open behind him. "The other night, he- uh- he kissed me," he says, sitting down at the end of the bed.
Cas, of course, chose that exact moment to push into Dean, not stopping until he was balls-deep. Dean whimpered and watched as Sam's face changed from surprise to pure and utter shock.
Everytime Cas brings it up, Dean feverishly attempts to change the topic. But that day after dinner Cas doesn't let himself get shaken off: As soon as Sam goes to the library Cas traps Dean between his arms and the kitchen counter.
When Sam suggested a movie night Dean didn't think that this is how it would end. 'This' — as in: making out with Cas on the couch while Sam is dozing in the armchair not five feet away.
Dean's understanding clicks a bit too late, and then he's all flustered, a flush spreading over his neck and face, making his freckles shine.
That being said, transitioning into an actual relationship is hard, and Dean was never good at asking, always waited until the girl asked. And the women he dated were all smart and picked up on it, and did ask.
The angel placed a few kisses on Dean's thighs and ass before carefully inserting a finger, steady gaze on Dean's face to make sure he was alright.
Cas held his hand over Dean's mouth, shushing him softly. "Quiet, Dean. If he hears us now, he won't come out."
"Okay." There's a second of silence. "You also asked something personal about me, which I would like to answer to the best of my abilities."
"Hello Sam, Dean," Castiel said. Sam could hear him moving closer to his brother on the bed. A few seconds of silence later the rusty bedframe creaked under the weight of a second person. Quiet kissing sounds made Sam raise his eyebrows and bite back any stupid remark he was dying to give.
Dean enjoys giving back everything he receives from Cas, every kiss and touch, every "I love you" and "You're beautiful". He makes sure to let Cas into the spotlight sometimes, shushing him with a soft kiss and getting him off while whispering sweet nothings in his ear.
After a few moments, Cas pulled back to catch his breath. "You want him to see." The angel let his fingers trail down Dean's body, stopping at his boyfriend's jeans, clumsily opening the button, then pulling down the zipper. "You want him to know."
Dean is still trapped between Cas' arms, so he does the only thing he can do, which is bucking his hips against Cas. Cas moans like a fucking pornstar, grinding against Dean, pressing him against the counter. One of his hands slips into Dean's jeans, the other pulls down the zipper, slowly.
Dean gasped for air, feeling empty without Cas inside him. He watched as the knob of the bathroom door turned, almost as if in slow motion until Sam stepped out. Only a single second passed before their eyes met.
