She mewls and kisses him hard.
"You want to know the truth? I've wanted to marry you since our horrible first date. I was so late and all I could think was 'My god how could I cock up the one good thing that has ever happened to me'. But you were there. You waited outside the closed restaurant for me and that's when I knew that it was only you for me."
She rides him faster, tightening around him.
He kisses down his neck and flicks his tongue over his nipples teasingly.
He lays Tucker back and gets the lube.
The woman moans loudly, pussy pushing around him. "God, yes. That's a brilliant idea. We always wanted more siblings. Who knew we'd get the chance to father them." Mycroft groans as he strokes himself over his trousers.
He smirks and pushes deeper into her mouth before pulling out. "Good girl. Lick up the mess you made."
She moans softly and her eyes flutter closed again.
He gasps softly, blushing. "Greg.. Do try to keep things appropriate. The Queen is here, after all."
John squeezes Diōnē’s hand back. “Thank you, Mrs H. How was the ride over?” He asks.
"How can you want me, Gregory?" Mycroft asked, after a moment, unable to believe.
He smiles softly. "She was wonderful.. So kind and caring.. She had always wanted a family and was ecstatic to start one with me. It felt like I was married to my best friend.." He sniffles a bit.
“Stay. Always.” Sherlock clings to John even though he can barely make a fist.
"Mm so good. I didn't know you could come that many times." He smirks and nips at his lips.
"Yes.." He whimpers, rocking his hips. "I love the way Daddy's cock feels, how it fills me up."
He gasps as he feels it fill him.
He bites his lip. "Oh.." He hadn't gotten around to telling Mycroft that George had asked them to stay.
**Mm the lace feels so good bushing against my nipples.--Chloe** She takes a few more pictures and send them to him.
Sherlock waddles with Morna. “I still don’t know my way around, so you’re going to have to help.” He hums. His large hips sway with every step, and his breasts bounce on top of his stomach.
Sherlock and Morna hold Kia close, rubbing her belly and kissing wherever they could reach.
"No, I think I'm alright."
He holds him and rubs his back.
"I've got you, baby.." He kisses down his body and takes his cock into his mouth. He moans as he feels Mycroft's cock harden against this tongue.
He kisses him back desperately. He moans loudly feeling close as Mycroft hit his prostate over and over.
"Will someone come help me get the ham out of the oven?" Mrs. Brix calls out from the kitchen.
Half paying attention to his nursing pup and half to the conversation he almost missed it when he'd ask a direct question.
"Yes yes! That's it. Give it to me!" She begs and moans loudly.
Sky smiles softly and runs her fingers through Sherlock’s hair. “So what did you want to talk about?” She looks to Mycroft and Ms. Cheyenne
Mycroft gets them drinks and stands in front of Crystal. “Here you are Ma’am. You know you can call me something... of a lower class? Like a servant or something?” He asks softly as he hands Crystal her drink.
John frowns. "No, Sherlock.. I told you whatever you wanted we can talk about it and we can make it happen. I don't want you to ever think that I would ever be grossed out about anything that you wanted." He nuzzles him.
Margaret frowns and looks to Leona’s belly. “Diōnē, control your powers. They’re starting to leech Leona. She’s a strong host but be considerate, mm?” She says softly. “Diōnē is a Demigod of sorts. Her powers kind of spill out from her to make things go her way. When I was little she had the whole house eating cabbage soup for three days straight just because she was having and carving. No one was the wiser. Not even she knew.” She says to Leona.
“Good boy.” He praises and pushes in more slowly.
He moans loudly and starts to thrust into her, leaning down to bite her neck.
Greg hums and relaxes into Sherlock.
Sky moans loudly, pushing back against him for more. “Fuck he has a big cock.” She whimpers.
Wanda smiles as she watches them.
"Okay. Good." He takes one last drag before crushing the cigarette under his shoe.
Mycroft swallows hard and nods. "Okay." He murmurs, temporarily devoid of his usual intelligent speech. He picks up the box of condoms and tears one off the roll, opening the foil packaging and rolling the prophylactic onto his aching shaft.
He cries out as he comes hard against the bed.
“Well today’s test will show that you’re clean probably.” John nods and gently squeezes Sherlock’s hand.
She blushes and does as she’s told.
She kisses him and puts them in his head.
"Morning." Bart smiles. "Sup." Nick hums and Rob nods.
"They're pretty.." Benny mumbles quietly.
Sherlock relaxes, cuddling into him.
John looks over Helea’s shoulder. “I’ve missed you all so much. I’ve barely had any contact with anyone, but souls they sent up for me to reproduce from. Then when they finished their duty, they died.” He squeezes Helea tighter, “whatever curse is on that village, can you take it off? I feel like a prostitute, being used to make children.” John begs.
“Oh maybe you’re right. The Virgin thing makes more sense.” Pythia nods. “I think Min. He has that whole penis thing going on right? God of reproduction?”
He bites his lip. “Yeah, I know.. I.. I still have to think about it.”
Cecil smirks and moves to push into her too.
He nuzzles against her hand.
He moves off his shoulder to look at him. "It's not your fault. You may have jumped the gun but you were just excited. I don't blame you for any of it. It's just.. All four of us need to have a discussion. Something we do doesn't just effect you and I but all of us. Sherlock told me that and I don't know why I didn't see it before.." He looks over at Sherlock, who is still sedated, and John who's is sitting next to him holding Sherlock's hand.
Lydia rolls down the sleeves of her floral scrubs from washing the dishes. Her arms are nearly completely healed from all her old bruises. "Where John and Greg?" She frowns a bit not seeing them.
Two soft sets of heartbeats play over the speakers. "There." Cynthia says relieved.
“Then again I have no idea what we’re walking into.”
She gasps softly and arches a bit.
He blushed. "That would have been six months and two weeks ago..." He mumbled, almost like a computer. "When I had come back from legwork in Iraq." He blushed again. "Not much more to say..." He knew not to admit to his duties, though slight details were allowed.
He smiles against his lips.
‘Did I mention these vibrate too?’ She smirks.
He pulls off his cock and sucks on one of his ball before sucking on the other.
[It was. Eating at Angelos, just the two of us. It felt like old times.]
"I know.. I don't want to.."
"Well, what time are the appointments you had booked?" John asks quickly, hoping Rosie doesn't have time to process the letters.
Sherlock felt his phone buzz in his pocket and answered it the moment he saw the name on the screen. “Hello?”
Sherlock closes his eyes and focuses. “Buhbum buhbum buhbum.” He mumbles as he feels the beat through their bond.
“Very nice.” Collin licks his lips.
“Good.” He growls, thrusting harder.
Jean hums to Benny, nuzzling him a bit.
“Is there anything else I can do for you?” Sky asks them softly.
"Brilliant. I can't wait."
"Sky, no.."
They're greeted warmly by the guests who are already in the ballroom.
When they arrive at Mycroft’s home, a team of staff are waiting to go into action. They pull Sherlock out and place him on a stretcher and take him inside. John has to leap out to keep up with them. He is taken to a very large bedroom, already set up with medical supplies. Sherlock is set up with a drip and oxygen and settled into the bed under warm blankets as John stands watching in awe.
He smiles softly and nuzzles him as he parks at a restaurant.
Sherlock rolls his eyes as he reads his texts. He looks at Greg who is talking to his mother keeping her occupied and her attention on him instead of pestering Sherlock. He looks back at the text and decides to ignore what Mycroft says.
Sherlock stuck his tongue out and flicked his cigarette into the fireplace. He shrugged out of his robe and headed to the bathroom.
She smiles and kisses his neck.
“You and your brother can go to hell. And you can tell him I’m keeping the bloody dog, but only to spite him!” he yells, before hanging up and throwing his phone across the room, smashing it against the wall spectacularly.
"Oh Daddy." She moans breathily.
John kisses his neck as he rocks in and out of him.
Mycroft leads Sherlock to her, pushing her dress up and smirking as he sees she’s not wearing panties.
"That's amazing!"
Greg groans and sucks, her milk turning him on. He smirks around her nipple and pulls her down onto his lap, impaling her on his forked cock. One cock pushing into her cunt and the other into her ass.
“As you wish.” Maggie’s hand glows over Crystals belly.
“Yuddh.” John slurs and blinks slowly.
He smiles and blushes.
'Always together. I promise.'
"Do we have a pulse? Get him hooked up to monitor him."
He bites his lip and nods, taking deep breaths. "C-Can I have your hand..?" He asks hesitantly.
“So this is a possible homicide then.” Greg rubs a hand over his face. “Where the hell did you get this dog?”
He crawls into bed with her, pulling her close.
John groans and comes hard into Sherlock's mouth, waking groggily.
“I’m right here, darling.” Anthea kisses Molly’s knuckles.
He whimpers softly at the praise.
"Mm?"
He moans loudly and nods, getting up and leading her to the bathroom.
“And what about your guests?” John asks. “Do you love them?”
He nods and presses kisses to John's neck.
“Need something, alpha?” John grinds against him teasingly.
"Not so stressed anymore?" He nuzzles against him.
He slowly relaxes against her.
He tips his head up to kiss him.
“I’ll meet you at the airstrip when you land.” He kisses his cheek.
“You can use me for your jumping off point, if you like.” She smiles.
Greg nuzzles John and kisses him. "Okay?"
They cuddle together.
“What do I smell like?” Sherlock asks softly. “All I cant have any natural musk, I can’t imagine I smell of much bar your blood.” He says softly. He pockets his phone and splays both his hands on John’s back.
Jared gurgles as he watches them. John goes into the baby bag and gets out one of the pacifiers, letting Jared suck on it.
He moans breathily and rocks his hips a bit.
"I'd just want to spend time with you." Mycroft says, softly.
"It also has a basement and attic. And it's already payed off in full." She smirks.
He moans loudly, coming hard into him.
Sherlock smiles as he listens to John. “Thank you. You’re a good friend. The best friend.” He replies honestly.
He kisses her deeply, pulling out of her and teasing her cunt.
"I love you, too." She nuzzles him.
He smirks and pushes in deeper, nudging her cervix.
“We’re going to be looking after you and this castle, my name is Sherlock, and this is John. He’s lost quite a bit of blood, could you help me get him into a bedroom, please?” He asks the voice.
He chuckles and smiles. "On your back. Legs up and open for me." He stands on the bed and takes pictures from above.
Crystal frowns and looks away. “I guess I just push the feelings down..”
Michael blushes. "Really?"
“Family meeting in George’s room.” Violet says over the intercom.
"Sure but we'll have to keep a close eye on him." He smiles.
He examines it while picking the phone up and grins. Sherlock's scarf along with his purple shirt is folded inside the bag.
"Mm?"
Sherlock lays half on John, snoring softly.
He smiles softly. 'We'll bring you something back.'
Greg rubs his back. "Let's get back inside."
Sky doesn't get much sleep even though it's more that her usual. She draws almost all night.
You know me.." He sings softly and kisses his head.
“I am not a softie!” John feigns offence.
“No, you should be doing it with Sherlock. I’ll have nine months to work on it, that’s plenty of time.” John smiles.
He groans softly as he feels the wet spot on his trousers. "Christ.."
He grins. "Mm, yes."
He smiles softly and nods.
“That’s it. That’s it. What does it feel like? Where’s the pressure?” John asks softly.
He gasps and moans as he’s filled, rocking against him.
Greg nods and turns to Mycroft. "A-awfully quiet there, My.." He says softly.
"Mm I do." Collin smiles and kisses him back.
He pulls him in for a kiss.
She straddles him and sinks down onto his cock, gasping and moaning.
“Come over to mine and I’ll make us dinner.” Greg smiles, those big brown eyes irresistible.
Sherlock blushes and nods. “That felt nice.”
"I think we need stronger cuffs." She giggles breathily as she looks at the broken cuffs around his wrist.
"Good boy." She giggles. "Danny, tell Maximus to roll over."
Michael gasps softly and blinks. "Y-yes." He nods immediately.
Brian kisses him hard and they start to fuck him.
"What?” He smirked.
He moans and tips his head back. "Please, sir.."
“I want it. Want it so fucking bad. Fuck me. Fill me. Knock me up. Make me carry your baby. Every time you made a snarky comment or said something about be sleeping with Anderson only made me want you more. Because I knew you could go what he couldn’t. Could give me what I wanted.” She moans, dripping around his cock as he pounds her. “You wanted it this whole time, haven’t you? You knew exactly how good it would feel knocking me up. You knew I needed it. Wanted it. You were dying to give it to me. Weren’t you?”
"Nap.." He mumbles.
John chuckles softly. "Christ.."
“Of course. When is my deadline?”
John smiles softly at Carol.
Sherlock runs his hands over John’s body, teasing him.
The shower turns off and John emerges with a towel around his waist. He smiles when he sees them on the couch. "You all look cozy."
She moans and arches, bouncing on his cock.
He hums happily and keeps kissing him.
“You choose. Somewhere down below.” Mycroft smiles. “Can I... can I have a kiss?” He asks.
"Yeah. Alright. Let me up..." John says after a moment longer of listening to their pups. "I just have to schedule my next appointment then we can leave."
He smirks and turns it on the lowest level.
“Please don’t get up on my account.” John smiles. “The ribs are going to hurt like hell but they won’t give you any narcotics for obvious reasons.” John sighs. “I know you’re sorry. I’m sorry too. But for right now I could give a good goddamn about who’s sorry. I”m just so relieved you’re still here with me. With that being said all I want is honesty. That’s it. When you’re ready to let me in then I’ll be here. Ready and waiting.” John crosses his legs and rubs his face in his hands.
“I miss you..”
“Hands. Love your hands.” Sherlock rolls into his hand.
Sky turns so her back is to him, letting his cock slip between her arse cheeks.
She cries out and arches, feeling his cum hit her cervix dead center.
"Never! You're stuck with forever! Muhahahahah!" He chuckles and peppers his face with kisses making silly noises.
She closes her eyes and lets her holes be used.
Greg gets everything together and plated.
Sherlock sniffles and just nods, not feeling like he can speak right now.
**Good.. I'm just glad he's still okay. --JW**
He smiles and rubs her back.
Violet smiles tiredly, holding the boys.
“Oh shit.” Fitz gaps. “She always picks the most opportune times.” Turk chuckles.
She mewls softly and kisses him back.
Greg let's go of a breath he didn't know he was holding in. He does the rest of the shopping on auto pilot and goes back to the cottage.
She gasps and moans, gripping the sheets.
"My pleasure. Anything else?"
“I don’t know if he can.” John sighs, draining half his bottle in one go. “Something that belonged to my mum before she died. I don’t even care if the thing itself. I only care about that it was my mum’s.”
"That's amazingly convenient.." He mewls and gets his sweatpants off, spreading his legs for Sherlock.
Greg sighs. "That day when I left the hospital and took that walk my mother called me. She was sobbing about how my fathers medical bills were getting out of a hand and they they were going to loose the house and everything, how my father wouldn't get the treatment he needed. I know it's stupid but I'm their son even if it makes them sick to think about it. I'm all they have.."
He blushes softly and leans against him. "A lot.." He mumbles, not knowing if he should go into detail.
He laughs and kisses up his body, making sure to hit all of Sherlock's tickle spots.
He starts to take him into his mouth.
He nods and cuddles him.
“You’re insolence is admirable. You came in to this building unaccompanied by one of our people. That’s seen as a threat whether you’re injured or not. They would have been justified killing an intruder.” Camille hums. “If I tell you that you are safe here then you are safe. If any of them disobey me if physically hurts them to a point where they’re incapacitated.” She looks directly at him. “So give me a reason why I shouldn’t kill a man holding a silver cross in the heart of my domain.”
Sky squeezes his hand and Chloe lets go of the clip letting the chemo flow into the IV into Zack's arm. "And we're off ladies and gentlemen." Chloe hums.
“I think Cecil went out to the garage. John and Brian are upstairs somewhere. Michael is around somewhere.”
'Swallow around me. I'm going to come down your throat.'
He gasps, arching and tipping his head back. “I told Mommy I wanted to be a good little milk slut. I can do that for everyone.”
He nods. 'I love you.'
Jim smirked. "No use, Sherlock. Your arse is mine. Always was, always will be." He undid his own flies as he pulled Sherlock's pants down. He was just about to force himself upon Sherlock, when a shot rings out and he slumps unmoving on top of the detective, dead with a bullet hole to the head.
He blushes and whimpers at the praise.
“Tired..” Greg sighs.
“Is there anything else you would like?” Helea asks. “Perhaps, something we can give you now.” She offers.
He presses against her.
Benny groans and comes hard into him.
Greg takes over stroking Sherlock as John recovers from his orgasm.
"What the hell does that even mean?" Harry asks and looks at John. He's trying to read her lips but it's awfully hard when her words are slightly slurred. "John?" Harry asks.
“So good. Feels so good.” She babbles, arches as she feels his finger in her arse.
Sky hums happily and sways with him.
Lydia kisses her back and smiles softly. Greg smiles and nuzzles Mycroft. John smiles and shakes his head happily. Lydia finally noticed them and she makes a small squeaking sound and blushes brightly.
Greg collects the short sword and a knife. He fastens the scabbards onto his belt and smiles.
“That’s a good boy. Taking Daddy’s cock like a little champ.” He praises.
“Oh darling. You have nothing to apologize for. We’re at your feet.” Sorry rubs Sherlock’s thighs, slowly spreading them.
Darius holds him close as they kiss, nuzzling him as his cock slips out of Sky when his knot is free. Sky gasps and whimpers softly.
Irene caresses her cheek gently and tips her head up to look at her. “You are whole. You are beautiful. You are strong. You are brave.”
"Enjoy yourself. Text me if you want. You can call me when ever. I'll be here when you get back." He smiles softly and squeezes his hands.
"Fuck. You're such a naughty slut with a dirty mouth." He growls and strokes him. "Come for Daddy. Get your come all over my chest." He strokes him and rubs against his prostate.
He moans loudly around him, looking up at him.
She gets in after him.
‘Yup.’ Sky nods and walks over to Sally, sitting in front of her. She’s taller sitting than Sally is when Sally is crouched.
Michael goes to gather all their belongings.
"Mm, are we going to a club? I feel like dancing."
Sherlock hums happily and looks up for a kiss.
"Either one sounds lovely as long as I have your name somewhere in mine."
"Yours. All yours." She moans loudly.
He whimpers and nods. “Please, sir. Need it. Need your cock.”
He gasps and mewls.
John blushes at Clark’s dominance, bucking his hips. “Please, sir..”
Chloe mewls softly at the emptiness.
He gasps and chokes out a moan, wrapping his arms and legs around him. "Yes, sir.. Bryan.. god, yes."
He thrusts into her roughly.
"Look at you. So fucking sexy. He has two fingers in your arse and your gagging for more." Eli groans.
He smiles fondly as he hugs her back. "What are you thanking me for, dear?"
He smiles shyly and relaxes against him.
"Yeah.." Jean kisses him back as Benny kisses his neck.
She hums softly and nuzzles him happily. ‘I’m glad.’ She licks the pups gently as they eat, making sure everyone gets a turn.
She moans and rocks her hips, getting wetter.
"Because you've been avoiding me since it happened."
He blushes and smiles shyly. "Can we.. can we all have fun tonight?"
She blushes and comes in, know that if she is pregnant that it’s John and knowing he knows that as well.
“I know. I know.” Crystal tries to stay calm. “I was married before I was turned. It was an arranged marriage. That part didn’t bother me. It what you did back then. Your parents picked the best spouse and that was that. Mine.. Mine sold me to pay off his debts. I was used in every manor imaginable by my.. Owners.” She hisses. “He threw a party one night. I was used and used and used and used over and over till dawn. I was in so much pain and I was so weak and broken. When I passed out at some point they threw me out onto a snow storm. When Camille found me I was half frozen to death.” She whispers, trying not to tremble. Crystal is never this weak or vulnerable. She’s usually always fun and happy, if anyone threatened her or her person she’d snap them in two without a second thought. This is a completely new side of her that she never ever shows.
Mycroft smiles. "Hey, bee? Greg and John were thinking we could all use a holiday."
He closes his lips tightly in protest to Mycroft's command.
He whimpers and opens his mouth for him.
"Mm.. I don't care."
She moans and arches.
John pulls him close. "I love you too.."
He kisses her back. "I love you."
"Of course.. It's your home, too.. It would actually make more sense if you two moved in with us, considering our relationship."
He moans loudly against the gag, nodding frantically and pushing back against her
He gags hard, vomiting a bit on his cock, but he stays pressed against him, determined to milk his cock dry.
Yuki smiles softly and nods to him.
He had redone her whole room, giving it a magical fantasy feel with a large canopy bed, a desk, dresser, decor, all her stuffed animals plus more he got, including a new wardrobe of clothes. There were plenty of books and children’s experiments and educational things as well.
'You're not hurting me. The situation is.'
“Like hell I’m going anywhere,” Sherlock scowled. He needed to speak with John’s doctor. “Mycroft, go get someone and tell them John is awake.”
She blushes and nods, following him out.
"How are you feeling, pet?" Carol hums softly and kisses his collarbones.
"Mm, we should go out for drinks. I know Mycroft needs it, as well."
The realisation of this suddenly angers John. That Sherlock is somehow less able because of this, that somehow he has been hurt and John can’t fix it with a simple patch up is infuriating, to say the least. But also, he is slowly feeling a cold rage building inside him. The desire to kill every single person responsible begins to grow in his gut.
He licks his lips. "I can't wait to have it all in my arse.."
Sherlock sighs. “I’d love to have a family as well. I just... I don’t know whether my sperm is still alive or dead like me.” He explains.
“Tortured,” John whispers on a breath, like an expletive, closing his eyes for a moment. “Sherlock… you never said…”
"Of course, My.." He hums and nuzzles him.
"Of course, dear." He kisses her head.
He blushes and nods. "Yes."
He's about to fall asleep when his phone rings again. He groans and rolls out of bed. The caller ID says it's his mother. He doesn't answer. He goes back to bed and turns his phone on vibrate only.
"Mm, yes. It would work either way. It would be a bribe if you took it and a test if you didn't."
Sherlock smiles. Lydia's phone pings and she gasps when she looks at the text.
"Hush I've got you.." He drops down to his knees behind John and starts opening him with his tongue.
He holds her close, closing his eyes.
"I love you, too.. With all my heart.." He nuzzles him affectionately.
He looks up for a kiss, feeling a bit small.
"Of course, love." He smiles.
She whines softly and rocks against him.
He rubs at her clit teasingly.
“Mm will you fuck me with John, Daddy?” Carol asks George, pressing close.
“I’ll get everything you need. What would you like to eat?” Sherlock asks softly as he climbs out of the bed and starts towards the door.
He climbs into Cecil’s lap and takes the plug out, quickly sinking onto his cock.
"Good boy." He praises and nuzzles him.
and let me love you
He hums happily and kisses his head.
Sherlock mumbles softly and nuzzles his chest.
Sherlock smiles and stands, still holding her hand.
"Okay.." He smiles softly and rubs his thighs.
Magdala smiles, “we’ll be here everyday, to help you through everything.” She promises.
He moves his hips in slow circles as he feels the pressure build. “Keep tensing like that and you’ll get them soon.”
He sputters a bit as he can breathe again, swallowing the rest of his cum.
"Of course. You're welcome. They're here anytime you want to use them." He smiles.
John goes to make them tea when the kettle hisses.
John gasps as Clark’s cock stretches him further, his cock twitching excitedly. “Holy shit.”
"That was thoughtful," John winces. He hopes she didn't overhear their conversation because it's not her fault he's so bloody messed up. "I think he's okay now though."
He blushes brightly and sits up, showing his excitement. "Really??"
"Yeah. The asshole has his dick back but it's much much shorter." He huffs a hollow laugh.
“You’ll do Perfect.” Eli smiles and opens the meeting room door for Mycroft.
'I know about the plan.' Sky purrs in John's head.
He nuzzles him back and smiles before scooping him up.
He bites his lip and thinks. "Since this Max person knows so much we should know about him. Forewarned is forearmed.."
He gasps and moans as Morgan bottoms out. “Oh fuck. So full..” He mewls against him.
Collin smirks and grips Mycroft's hips, pushing into him with one quick hard thrust.
He whimpers and blushes as he pulls off of him.
“I don’t know.” She blushes, leaking down her thighs.
He whimpers softly at the praise.
He blushes and nods, leaning in to kiss him softly, just crushing their lips together.
“Thank you.” Carol smiles, standing in front of him topless.
He whimpers and mewls. "Please.."
**I know. But like the engagement happened in front of everyone. This is like sudden. I don't know.--Gl**
“So knowing all that what will you do?”
She hums and looks at Michael.
Lydia give them their tea and goes to check Sherlock's vitals.
She blushes and nuzzles him back, smiling.
He smiles happily and leans against him.
"The cases." John says, "without him on cases he's not putting himself in danger anymore. So that's something."
Sky wakes up alone.
“They’re brand new.”
“Both James and Clara insinuated that I was. I understand the signs, I know it runs in the family, but I’m... I’m not.”
“I don’t know. But I’ll find out.” Mycroft leaves when Sherlock seems okay.
John smirks and settles back into the armchair. "You make a convincing argument." He shook his head.
He smiles and blushes. "You are brilliant.." He says softly against Mycroft's head and kisses it.
He hums and smiles. "I love you."
“Physically, mentally he seemed to be. He knew who everyone was, where he was. He seemed lucid. But it seems there’s a gap there. It should come back when the swelling settles. We may need to… I usually recommend that it’s best to go along with him for now. To give him time. Perhaps while he’s unconscious it might be best to… ” The doctor wriggled the wedding ring off John’s finger and passed it to Mycroft who was closer. “Just for the time being, until we know more,” he said gently. “I’ll leave you alone while I go and arrange some more scans.”
“How about we take her now? Make her take out cocks now in the back of this car? She can’t get away.” Duke rocks up against Mycroft. Anthea blushes brightly and whimpers, wanting them so badly.
He smiles and kisses him softly. "This is one of my favorite things in the whole world.." He hums as he washes him.
"Hoo-hoo, oh, John, dear... look at you!" She admonished. "Here, I've got your favourite all ready for you." She smiled and put a plate of eggs, bacon, sausage, beans and toast in front of him. "Now don't go letting that get cold! And here's yours, Sherlock."
John frowns. “Fine. We’ll go somewhere else then. Come on, mum.” He takes his mother’s arm and leads her out of Baker Street.
He moans and takes him balls deep, keeping him deep as he just rocks his hips to make Fitz’s cock rub right against his prostate.
He smiles and moves to kiss him.
“How about a drink?” Ms. Cheyenne asks Eli and Greg.
"I missed you, too.." He kisses him back softly.
“Why don’t we get a good look at you, go stand in the mirror, baby, then I’ll clean you all up.”
Michael smiles softly and sits back to eat.
Crystal moans and arches, rocking back against his hand. “Yes, Sir.”
“We’ve known each other for years.” Greg nods. “I just get to kiss you and hold you now. For as long as we both shall live.” He wiggles his brows excitedly.
“Turk.” Sky whines needy.
He smiles and hums. "Try the sake."
He scrambles to his hands and knees. He mewls softly and puts his arse in the air.
He frowns and kneels next to him. "Sherlock, please. Even Anderson would be tell that you're lying."
"Thank you. I'm so excited."
"What about you, Chloe?" Carol smiles. "September-ish I think." Chloe blushes and smiles.
Zack strokes his cock as he watches. “So sexy, Mummy..”
She holds onto the headboard, letting him fuck her as hard as he wants. “You’re going to fuck these babies out of me.” She whimpers, cunt throbbing around him.
“More friends.” John smiles, tapping her nose. “Do you want to sit back on your throne whilst I talk, or do you want to sit with me?” He asks.
He growls a bit and bites her neck, marking her.
He blushes and gets in. "I told them they could join us."
“You did? You found someone like us after our pack was murdered when you were a pup?”
Danny's eyes widen and his face lights up.
She blushes brighter and smiles shyly.
Mycroft blushes a bit embarrassed for Sherlock to see him so wanton like this but it feel so good he can't help himself.
"I love you, too.."
"I know that believe me! I know that they have taken more than their pound of flesh from me. What am I supposed to do? Tell me, My? Because I'm doing the best I can with the hand I have been dealt." He sighs and leans against the counter.
Sherlock gasps and leans back against him with a moan, baring his throat.
She whimpers and moans.
"Finding proof got our car blown up." Sighing John slumps back against the sofa and pushes the rest of his drink away from where the scent won’t bother him as much. "Something tells me if we keep digging worse will happen... Is Mrs. Hudson safe?"
Greg hums and smirks. "Did you like that, My?"
"You're going to be brilliant. I know it. Sky knows it. Jean knows it. Jake knows it. We know you're going to be brilliant and that we'll all work together to make it work." He nuzzles him softly. "Have you decided who's sperm you want to use?"
“You dirty fucking slut. Love you.” They laughs and kisses him.
He moans and bucks into him. "Fuck, so good."
He blushes and nods. "Brilliant.."
“Clothes. Crystal can help me dress.” Camille hums, feeling feather light in his arms.
Riley blushes and massages her mother’s breasts for more milk.
Greg smiles at Mycroft reassuringly. They go up the stairs together.
He smiles and relaxes under his touch. “He is?” His eyes light up.
He shrugs and nods. "Alright. Your go."
Leona smiles. “Hi Margeret, I’m Leona. This is Luciel and Nathaniel, this is my my husband Dominic, and I’m sure you know Pythia and Diōnē.” She smiles, rubbing her stomach.
He whimpers and grinds against his hands. "Oh god, please.."
Mycroft continues to thrust in, trying not to use his vampire strength to hurt Magdala.
He shakes his head a bit. 'I.. I'm sorry..' He excuses himself back into the estate, going to his room. He's fine with her sleeping with anyone but he doesn't like that he now finds it arousing, feeling guilty and awful.
'Being free feels pretty damn good.'
He whimpers and bucks his hips. "Ah.."
He leans in to kiss her. "Mm, you'll never need to miss it again."
He gasps and pushes back, his body tensing as he feels himself getting close already.
“Mm, right. Dunno if I can make it there. Can I wait here?” He hums, leaning against the wall.
He gasps and moans loudly. “God, yes.”
“Mm.. let me help you relax.”
Sherlock nodded. "Chemical weapons..."
“I thought that maybe you wouldn’t mind going on a little date with me. I know it’s not much but I wanted it to be special.” He ties up the horses so she doesn’t see how badly he’s blushing.
He smirks as he pulls off of Sky, licking his lips.
“Ah you need this, mm?” He smirks and strokes himself, he could wrap two hands around his cock and it would still me longer.
Sky moans loudly and arches.
“Nice to meet you. I’m John Watson.” John holds his hand out to Greg.
Camille nods. “Do you know what becomes super after you’ve changed?” She asks.
“Mm, I can feel myself against your cervix. I wonder if we can both push past it.”
He hums and nuzzles her back. “I should go find Sherlock and get us ready for tonight.”
John holds him tight, whispering apologies.
“You and Sherlock are a dynamic duo. You needed an enemy to bring you together and remind you what you’re fighting for. If you were truly over it you would have stayed here and argued with me but you walked away from a perceived enemy because Sherlock needed you. Sherlock needed proof that you’re in this for him, not the danger or the cases or the free child care. You’re here because you want to and because you want him.” Dr. Monroe shrugs. “I didn’t trick you into anything. I asked difficult questions that made you uncomfortable. Relationships are full of navigating uncomfortable questions and situations but as long as you’re in it together there’s nothing you won’t get through.”
He rolls his eyes and hums. "Mm. Alright."
John kisses him for a long minute before pulling away.
Lydia watches them quietly.
Turk grins as they get to the barn, setting up the breeding bench.
“I think so.” Magdala smiles and waves her hand, the door opening for Mycroft and Diōnē.
He closes his eyes and hums happily.
“It was only ever my arms. I could hide them easy enough.” Sherlock pushes his sleeves back down. “Besides I never cared who knew I was an addict. Their opinions didn’t matter when I was high..”
"That's it. Be a good boy. Come for Daddy." He praises and commands as he pounds into him, hit his oversensitive prostate again.
Sherlock swallows around him, trying to get him deeper.
Violet moans loudly and arches as are feels his teeth, wrapping her hand around the back of his head as he started to suck again. Sky purrs and makes Violet grow more, slower this time so Violet can feel every stretch and pull. “Are you going to fuck her, Daddy? You’re leaking so much between her thighs.” Sky smirks, knowing he was so distracted with her milk that he didn’t notice he was thrusting between her closed thighs.
Sherlock smiles, “and then when you’re done, press that button just there. The one that says send.” He says softly.
Eli groans, angling his thrusts to his his prostate.
He blushes and lets out a whimper, melting against him.
“No no. I’m just going to have a drink and rest. It’s been an eventful few days.” Camille smiles softly and nods. “Thank you, my son. For everything.”
“Sure, buddy.” Collin smiles and takes Danny back to the table. Carol is giggling with her face presses to Sam’s neck when they get back, Sam laughing as well.
“Mm, of course. Interested?” She smirks.
Sherlock blushes.
Soon everything is ready.
George goes inside the greenhouse, looking around. He sees her through the glass and goes to tap on the glass.
"Not my favorite but do able." Anthea licks her fingers
"I know, I just.. I worry."
He hums softly. "Mm."
He nods. “Right.”
She whimpers, fisting his hair tight.
"Mm she thinks it's dangerous. Not for her but for other people. She thinks she puts them in danger even if they enter her life if the own free will and shoes to stay."
She groans and arches a bit. "Sometimes I like to be dominated by the girls too. Sky dominated me in front of Mycroft, my son."
Sherlock bites down with a moan. "Let me hear you."
“It’s- Diōnē.” Leona groans, “she’s showing me a memory. I’ll be okay.”
She giggles breathlessly. "Sherlock.. He made.. A reservation.. For the.. End of.. The month..." She opens her eyes and concentrates on breathing.
Collin leans in and kisses his chest as he continues to ride him. "I want you to come in me. I want you to fill me up." He whines. Greg takes the cock ring off Sherlock as he and Mycroft pound into Sherlock so close to coming.
"Thank you.. We'll bring alcohol." She sounds relieved.
"Then someone needs to take him down a peg." John sighs. "O-or twenty." Greg grumbles and see that Sherlock notices his stutter is back, Greg shrugs.
"I love you, too. So much."
“Oh.” Sherlock nods, tracing his finger tips over Udos’ beefy pecks happily. “Is there a problem?”
"You're adorable." Benny smiles happily.
Sky moans loudly feeling them fill her. She rubs Carol's g-spot and sucks on her clit hard.
He smiles and kisses him, dragging him to the booth.
“Well excuse me for not having experience with having a husband.” He rolls his eyes. “You should apologize. You need to. How much you want to tell him that’s up to you. I’m sure he’s feeling rejected so he’s not going to let on. He’s a military man. He’ll lick his wounds and get on with the mission.”
“And Rosie is your biological daughter.” Dr. Monroe looks at her notes. “Does Sherlock have guardianship or anything legal?” She asks.
John pushes him back. "I will throw you down these stairs without batting an eye."
“Mm alright. Let me know if anything changes.” Anthea hums. “Hungry?”
“Good boy.” He praises and eases a slick finger into him.
She mewls and kisses him.
He rubs his back. "It's okay.."
He holds onto him, his arms around his neck.
Mycroft pulls out of him gently and lays next to them. Collin holds him and moves him between himself and Mycroft. They snuggle him as they press worship and praise to his skin with kisses.
"You have a stronger connection to her so probably yeah."
He blushes as he dances with him, pressing close.
"All mine. Good slut." He growls as he fucks her hard.
John starts. "Oh, thanks..." He smiles.
Sherlock raises a brow and watches John for a moment before standing. He goes to the counter and talks to the girl who quickly pales as she nods. Sherlock stands there and waits until a brand new plate of eggs is given to him. He comes back to the table and switches out John's eggs, putting the burnt ones on the empty plate and setting it on an empty table.
"Okay, Papa. Bye." She says before hanging up the phone and handing it back to John.
Sherlock hesitates and tries to sign back. "I don't.. I John. How bad?" His signs come out broken.
“Sounds good. If you see Sky will you send her to me? I’ll talk to her about getting you a cunt and womb and me a cock.”
"Hopefully. A gymnast with all the moving." She giggles.
She curls up and closes her eyes.
“It’s their choice. I just want them to have the choice..” She says softly.
“You’re the twelfth.” John explains. “But you’re the only one I want to stay with.”
John frowns a bit. "Why?"
Camille smiles. “Good. Come back quickly!” She shouts.
Sherlock looks directly at him. "I love all of you. I always have. You're brilliant and incredible and amazing.."
She blushes and giggles, kissing him.
Sherlock opens the door, looking a bit surprised to see Sky. “Oh, sorry, Mikey said you were off on a walk so I was gonna take a nap.”
"I can see that." Greg laughed. "Still, no barreling about London just yet. I'll throw you in the hole, if I find out you have."
They all pile in.
"I love you.."
John nuzzles him and Greg snuggles against Mycroft's back
Mycroft groans loudly and grips his hair, pulling his head closer. He starts thrusting roughly.
They walk down the street to the club.
He smiles softly and kisses him.
John hums. “I feel good Sherlock. I promise, I’ve slept it off. You need to feed as well.” He says softly as he eats.
“Usually Yes.” Udos answers, leaning against the side of the pool, Sherlock still in his arms.
John watches Sherlock fall asleep and he can finally breath a sigh of relief.
Sky kisses his neck and face.
"Fine.." She mumbles from the other side.
John nods and steps into the room. He pulls on a pair of gloves and unzips one of the body bags.
He moans as he’s filled, pressing back to keep him deep.
John groans as he pushes into her, pushing deeper until his balls are resting against her.
John moans loudly around his cock, relaxing his throat for him to fuck his face.
He blushes brightly. “Yeah?”
"Are you sure?"
Mycroft nodded. "Yes."
He smiles shyly.
He hesitates before letting go of Sky’s hand.
She gags and arches as he cuts off her air. ‘You miss your wife begging you to knit her and breed her, don’t you?’
He smiles. "They look a bit like you."
"Greg is my son so he has the same hair as me. He gets it from me." He explains.
Violet takes the pie out of the oven.
“Love, it’s okay. I promise.” John kisses his hand. “I’m sorry it was upsetting you so much.”
"I.. It feels amazing.. It makes me feel filthy and used and I love it.."
Mycroft swallows his cock down.
He blushes and takes a breath.
“Zoo!”
"Mm very tropical in here." Greg smiles as he sees the warm colors and the reptiles.
"Good night." He goes down to his room.
Michael hums as he stretches.
He dips his head a bit as if he were blushing. ‘Yeah.’
Jean smiles softly and holds him.
"It's amazing, Sky.."
"Up, Bee. We have dinner soon." He smiles softly.
“Want some company for that shower?” Carol smirks and Mel blushes.
Molly and Rosie were just getting out of a cab when they got to the flat.
'Yes. I.. I want to.'
"Fill me up. Do it. Come in me. Do it, baby. Be a good boy and fill my pussy with your cum."
"Absolutely stunning. Turn for us." Jean hums and smiles. Sky blushes brightly and turns looking ravishing.
Greg still feels floaty as she drives.
He gasps and moans breathily. "Myc.. please.." He begs desperately.
"Mm.." He smiles and kisses him back.
They kiss his head and holds him close. “Okay?”
“Good boy. Such a good boy.” She moans, dripping around his cock.
“Look at how pretty he looks, fucking himself on his fingers. Imagine how pretty he‘ll look on Eli’s cock.” John smirks, giving Clark a teasing thrust.
"Like the taste of yourself, huh?" He smirks.
He pants a bit and kissesMycroft’s neck.
John agrees and shows it by storming out of the house. Though his dramatic exit is slightly dampened by having to step over toys and children. Making it to the car first he pulls open the passenger's door and collapses inside. When Sherlock sits in the driver's seat he hands the keys over and closes his eyes.
He frowns and nods. “I know, but..”
"I think so too. The land surveyors are coming out in the morning for measurements. That way we can have our own place to play and not get caught by the little ones." She smirks.
"They tried. They wanted to figure out how they could use my rapid healing abilities and capitalize on them. They wanted to figure out how I read their minds. They tried everything short of cutting my head open and looking inside. Well they wanted to cut my head open and look at my brain but I had had enough because they weren't getting answers so that's when I started screaming for Mycroft. Then he came and saved me."
Carol hands him the juice. "Just hold him and he does the rest." She smiles and winks before she walks away. Mycroft watches Greg out of the corner of his as soon as he picked up Danny.
“You need it, don’t you?”
"Watch me..." Harry grins, leaning in to kiss the omega. "I'll take it just as easily as you do."
He smiles softly, rubbing her belly. "Alright, love."
"Mmm yes excellent MUHAHAHAHA." Greg rubs his hands menacingly.
John gasps softly and bites his lip. He knows he should be resting it all he wants is Sherlock’s hand touching him. “Yes. Just slow and gentle.”
He blushes and nods shyly.
"Mm I told you I was going to make you come over and over. You might as well let go and enjoy the ride." She purrs and thrusts harder and faster, stimulating her g-spot mercilessly.
Crystal holds his hand gently, soaking up his pain and fear. She send back calm and healing as she examines him.
"Such a good boy.. So relaxed for me.. Beautiful.." He slowly works him open.
"Mm please please." He whimpers.
‘Hi.’ She wags her tail happily and walks around them, tail still playing with her plug.
He cries out around him as he comes hard.
They blush and nods.
**I can't get into that much trouble in a few hours, Mycroft... Well yes I could get into a lot of trouble but it wouldn't be my fault. I'll make sure someone knows if I go out from now on. Lydia wants to go out to a pub for dinner. She got a promotion or something and wants everyone to come celebrate and have a good time. You guys are coming, right?-- Sky**
“Yeah yeah. I was busy.” He chuckles and groans as Sky pushes back for more. “Fuck she still wants it deeper? Can she take it?”
"Let's see how much you've learned, Maximus. Sit." She commands.
“Yeah. I know.” He blushes and chuckles a bit self consciously.
He blushes and mewls as he relaxes.
Sam smirks as there’s a knock on the door. “Ready?” He asks Collin.
He nods and rolls over to Jake.
Greg's face is unreadable but his eyes are full of fear. "You probably didn't think you were going to hear from me so soon, did you? I wanted to apologize about your fathers cancer. It is a terrible diagnosis and I don't wish it on anyone. You probably want to know how I know about your father? Well I had a lovely chat with your mother this morning after she disowned you. It turns out she's a very devout follower of mine and I just had to get to know her better." Sherrinford chatters away into Greg's ear. Greg swallows down bile.
Sherlock's eyes widen as the both fill him. He cries out and fucks himself on their cocks, coming hard as Collin take off his cock ring.
“Close..” He mumbles against her lips.
"I love you.."
He moans wanting Mycroft to come. He needs Mycroft to come so badly.
He swallows heavily and nods.
He pulls back and smiles adoringly at John.
“Okay.” Kia smiles and nods, cuddled into Sherlock.
Clara sits on her desk, blushing.
“He won’t sign anything under your pressure and I won’t force him.” Sherlock snaps.
John smiles. "Good morning, you two."
Sherlock turns to John. “I think that’s a good idea. How about you?” He asks.
“Fuck me. Fuck me.” She moves with him.
“But you’re already so full in there, I bet you’re full of water, I bet I can’t fit.” John smirks, letting the wax drip onto Sherlock’s sensitive breasts.
"They love the snow," John smiles, "They'd stay out here until their little fingers froze solid. Thankfully, I get colder much faster than they do." John laughs as he pulls on a single jacket, then grabs Sherlock's scarf.
He grips her hips and rubs his cock over her dripping cunt.
He whimpers. "Please.."
“He wanted me to leave so I left.” John frowns deeply, hiding how truly upset he is so Sherlock doing get upset.
He smiles as he drinks his coffee.
"I do." John says, softly.
He smiles. "You taking care of her?"
She takes him into the room and shuts the door.
He smiles softly. "Yeah."
"Look at you go. Owning her cunt." Jake smirks, stroking himself over his trousers.
He hums after a while. “We’re getting pruned.” He chuckles softly.
He whimpers, tears starting to fall. He curls up in Mycroft's arms. "M-Myc.."
Sherlock whimpers and bucks his hips. "O-Okay.. I'm sorry, sir.. P-Please fuck me.."
"No no no NO! SHERLOCK!!" Greg has to pull John away from Sherlock so the paramedics can help him. John starts to shake as they put Sherlock on a stretcher. The next thing he knows is they're in the back of an ambulance speeding to the hospital. John holds Sherlock hand in his shaking ones. When they get there they rush Sherlock to surgery. "Oh God please. Let him live.”
'I know. But I'll be here. We all will.'
He hesitates, but finally speaks, his confidence higher because of the alcohol. "Stay..?"
Eli blushes and strokes him, slowly getting harder.
He smiles softly. "I love kids."
"I'm right here, My.. I’m not going anywhere.. I love you.." He coos softly trying to sooth him.
“One first.” Joann nods, making sure her shirt sleeve is rolled down when she gets into bed.
“Do you need to be there for the conception? Which we don’t mind. I just want to make sure we get everything right.” Leona smiles.
He whimpers and presses his head against his shoulder.
“I’m sorry, love.”
"You're so dramatic." Sky frowns. "Oh really? Fine." Turk let's her go and she cries out as the pain comes back with a vengeance. "Y-you're an asshole." She stutters from the pain and punches Turks chest weakly. "Lying to him about how you feeling it's helping spare his feelings. It's just hurting you. You need to be honest with him for fuck sakes." Turk refuses to touch her to ease her pain as she trembles.
"Mm you have such a nice arse." He nips at his lip gently. "I'm embarrassed to admit but it was one of the first things I noticed about you." He chuckles softly and blushes a bit.
He moans softly, trying to be quiet.
"Yeah," John says softly, looking over to his parent's worried faces.
If Sherlock is unsuccessful in getting rid of Mycroft, at the very least, John will show Mycroft just how unwanted his visit is by not making him a cup of tea.
Alexander falls asleep in her arms.
He whimpers and arches up. "Please.."
Chloe hums happily and relaxes against him.
"Good boy." He praises and starts to move slowly.
"Go back to sleep.."
Greg pouts a bit. "Fine. Uh.. How many drinks is your limit?"
"We're supposed to be just outside the doors," Rosie explains, "and then go in as a group. Oh! There's Hayley and her mom!" She doesn't wait for her parents to look in the direction of the other girl before she takes off at a run.
Mycroft smiles, “thank you.” He says softly. “I love you so much. You’re so good to me.”
His body still shakes a bit.
"That's a good boy.." He hums softly and moves his fist so slowly.
"Come." Mycroft kisses him as he finishes.
Crystal hums and nods. “Of course.” She smiles softly.
John nods and closes his eyes, curling up against him.
He hums. "Good to have everyone back."
He pulls out his cock, licking up the length.
She mewls and relaxes her throat as the boys take turns fucking her face.
He gasps and arches up.
"Alright good."
“Let me know if you need anything.” He calls after him, not wanting to overstep boundaries.
He gasps, his cock swelling and leaking. "Oh god.."
With the popcorn ready they each fix themselves a bowl, John option for a sweeter flavour while Sherlock goes for something a bit more normal.
"Come fill my pussy, Sir. Don't you want to see me waddle around carrying your baby?" Veronica purrs.
"Christ you're perfect.."
They rock up against him, groaning as their cocks rub together separated by the fabric.
Sherlock discovers his mother figure and land lady isn't all she seems...
"Good boy. Be loud for me." He thrusts harder, holding his hips.
Sherlock looks away. “It’s just better this way, John. No one gets hurt.”
He feels himself slowly calming down.
He moans loudly as he rubs his prostate. "Yes! I love it. So fucking much."
Sherlock can't take his eyes off of John, rubbing his hand softly as he listens to Mike.
“Yes, yes, yes!” He moans louder, his cock starting to leak.
She frowns and bites her lip. "You know what a concussion is right?" She asks trying to make him focus on something other than his frustration with himself even if it means just trying to get him to focus on her words.
"Oh for the love of Christ!" Greg and John shout at the same time. "What is it? Just get it out." John says.
He frowns and nods. “Alright. How far away is he?”
He cries out as he comes hard at his words.
“Go to Romania. I know where she was help prisoner and died.” Sherlock hums. “But what about Maggie?” He asks, concerned for her.
Greg's still a bit in subspace.
Mycroft hears Sherrinford's voice from the phone and he pales. "Greg.. Hang up."
He smirks as people pass them, some taking pictures as he pounds into her cunt.
Sherlock cries out and babbles nonstop because he knows that Mycroft likes it when his partner is very vocal.
Sherlock chuckles softly. “I do like watching you cum.”
The bartender comes for their order.
He holds him close and lets him adjust.
"Come for me, gorgeous."
"I do like an audience." He smirks.
She moans breathily and rocks her arse back into his hand. "I love your hands on me. I drives me mad when you not touching me. Not close to me. It's to much." She presses closer.
John holds him tighter feeling everything Sherlock's trying to convey. John thinks about how much he wants to hear Sherlock. The thought of never hearing Sherlock say 'I love you' or 'John' or 'I do' pushes John over the edge and he starts to cry.
She leans and pulls the covers up around him. "Rest well, Mycroft." She smiles reassuringly from her chair.
George moves a bit to kiss his neck.
Lydia smiles and follows Anthea around her flat, looking around. "Your flat is very nice."
“Good boy. Such a good boy.” Eli presses kisses to his skin.
He smiles and kisses him. He can hear Greg and Sherlock downstairs moving around and talking. "Why are they always up so early.." He mumbles and nuzzles him.
Steve and Cecil follow behind them. Steve licks his lips as he watches George’s arse move in his panties.
“You like it.” She giggles, her cunt throbbing against his cock.
He opens his mouth for Eli, keeping his head still so Eli can push into his mouth.
“Mostly crimes against children and if your violent.” She nods. “They didn’t say anything about my past.” She shrugs.
“Sally!” The woman grins. “Hello, Mrs. Brenner.” Sally smiles.
He hums and kisses him back.
"If he touches you, he won't see tomorrow.."
"Of course." She hesitates for a minute before going to hug him.
He smirks and nips at his jaw.
"Greg?" John reaches out to touch him but Greg steps away. "I just.. I just need a second until I no longer feel the urge to vomit." He steps back out of their reach.
Lydia nods. “Call if you need me.”
"Mm, thank you, love." He smiles as he goes in. His face lights up as he sees his friend, Jacob.
Greg pulls out, panting.
She smirks and looks up at him as she slowly takes his cock into her mouth.
“How about a rest, Mm?”
“Daddy Daddy Daddy Daddy.” Kia chants with each thrust.
He whimpers and nods. "Please.. Fuck me.. I need your big cock.. Please.."
He licks his lips before nodding. "Y-Yes."
He kisses his neck and chest as he breathes hard.
She sniffles a bit and nods. 'Some relaxing meditation this turned out to be.' She sighs.
The sweetness of good news makes the bitter taste of bad that much harder to swallow...
He mumbles against her.
"Oh don't get your panties in a twist, Nicky." Bart laughs and throws the ball to Nick.
However, being the arsehole that I am, I gave a shout and called everyone into formation. From there, Olaf and I split our group in half. Two groups of twenty-five. With Olaf taking the lead of Han's team, I took the lead of Sven's group.
“Okay. That’ll be nice.” He smiles. “I’ll gonna go try these on.” He takes his jeans bag and hands the other bag to Sherlock so he can look at the shirts.
He laughs and secures his helmet.
"Handsome.."
The horse slowly starts to walk. “Very good.” Sam praises and rests his hands on Peter’s hips ready to take the reigns if needed.
Sherlock raises a brow at her obvious attempt to get them alone together. “I could use a coffee.” He shrugs. “John?” He turns to the other man.
“Where’re we gonna go grandpa?” Nina smiles and bounces in front of him.
“I’ll call her once we’re there. I’ll tell her that the castle had some sort of problem we needed to sort out so vampire could continue to get help there.” Sherlock shrugs.
He hums softly and leans against him. "I think you'd make a brilliant father.."
Michael smiles. "How are you two feeling?"
“Oh Greg.” Crystal all but slurs. “So good.”
"Hi Papa!" Rosie chirps, "Daddy said I should call you and let you know my class has a trip to the museum this weekend and that we need adult volunteers."
"I'm in control, yeah?" He moves his hand to tease his hole.
"Hello, love." He kisses his shoulder.
Morna’s thighs tremble as she’s pushed closer to orgasm, her top totally soaked now with milk.
Mycroft hangs up the phone and looks at Greg. "Sherlock approves of us." He said with a small smirk.
“Can.. Can I have more cock to help open me up?” She blushes brightly just asking.
Sherlock rests his head against the window and falls into his mind palace, organising the information for the quest into an easy accessible part of his mind.
John gets out and follows him.
Sherlock is still curled up with Carol, they've moved to the couch in the living room for a cuddle and to relax.
"I love you.."
“You’re thinking too hard about it, John.” Mycroft chuckles softly. “If anything they're the ones in charge and they drag me along for the ride.”
"I think I would need to, after a time. I'd need your strength to get through it if I wanted to hold onto any hope that I could survive."
Mycroft growls and pounds into him.
Anthea had said to John earlier.
Sherlock nods stiffly. He wasn’t used to this. Spending time with someone who seemed to do more than just tolerate his presence.
John joins him a moment later and smiles. "Movie, or game show? I honestly don't know what else is on right now except for soaps and the news..."
"John needs sleep to finish up healing his ears. He has to be careful at this point. Loud sounds and water can still damage his hearing. I may not be able to fix it again if it does.." Lydia sighs and drinks her tea. "But he knows all that already so it should be just fine." She smiles.
“Mm love you, too.” Magdala mumbles into the mattress.
“That’s perfect, bee.” He kisses his neck softly.
He smiles and holds her close. “How was your walk?”
Sherlock moans against his lips, kissing back desperately.
He blushes. "Yes, sir.. Daddy's been edging me."
John bucks into him and moans. He strokes his cock.
"I mean you stopped everyone's thinking for 3 entire second. Do you know what that means? It means I'm side my head for those few seconds were only my thoughts. No ones else's. You made it quiet. It has never been quiet.." Sky smiles brightly.
"Everything?" He sounds a bit confused. "Oh. You mean the starting a family thing?"
Chloe hums happily and smiles.
"Mm.. Finally being a good boy.."
He gasps and mewls. "M-Mikey.."
He smiles softly and kisses her.
A letter arrives...
He kisses him deeply as he rocks into him.
He smiles. "Thank you for not taking over my job completely."
"Mm, make everyone else feel good."
He bites his lip, whimpering softly.
Sherlock shakes his head. “This feeling you have. This want. Times it by twenty and that’s the feeling you get when I bite you.” He smiles.
"Mm tired.." He hums.
“Of course, darling.” John kisses Sherlock before going to look for her.
Leona nods. “Truthfully, I’m going to really like this pregnancy. It already doesn’t hurt as much as the last.”
He smiles and cuddles up to him.
"When I saw you, I thought
Sky blushes and smiles, looking around.
He blushes brightly and sips his drink.
(See the end of the chapter for
Benny whimpers, rocking against him needy.
“So how long have you been like this? And is everything in the movies true?”
He nuzzles against him
Benny groans as he wakes on the couch, hangover in full swing.
"I love you, too."
"The three of us doing something together again? Yes, I'm excited." She tells him, "We'll be a real family, like we used to be."
Greg smirks as he watches them. "Can I fuck you, Sherlock? Or ride you?"
"Mm, yes."
"Mm yea. I need something to help my head."
Crystal kisses him deeply, sucking on his tongue.
'Good.' She moans softly as Jean sucks on her neck.
He smiles as the show starts.
Udos nods. “I like holding you Sherlock.” He says softly. “You can relax against me, you don’t have to try to sit up constantly.” He says softly.
She smiles and pets him once more before heading back to the house.
He hums, his mind muddled from the scotch.
He leans in and kisses him.
Zack growls as he pushes her against the wall, kissing her hard.
"I'll miss you, too." He kisses him softly. "But I have to work." He nuzzles him.
"What the hell are you in about?" Anderson snaps but stops himself from touching the body.
He licks his lips as he finishes.
He grinds against her face as Turk pounds into her. He gets closer to coming.
Sherlock grins. "I love you. I want to be with you. Always." He murmurs softly.
John,
"Mm I've had to dance with many people in my life but I think I enjoy our dances best." He smiles and holds them as they dance.
She blushes and puts her hand in his, letting him lead the way out. The other men on the floor stare at her as she walks past. Ever since she got pregnant they’ve barely been able to keep their hands to themselves.
He rests his hands on his hips and kisses him back.
He gasps softly and bucks into his hand. "G-Greg.."
"Good morning." Greg kisses John and Mycroft. "Breakfast?"
He smiles softly and cuddles him.
He smiles softly and nuzzles him.
“I like it here so much already. It’s so much nicer.”
“Love you.”
He blushes and nods, moving to sit next to her. He watches the people as well, his cock stirring curiously.
Sherlock holds him securely.
"Mm. Your arse is delicious in general." He gets up and follows him.
“Come on then. You have me all to yourself. My long thick cock ready for you to impale yourself on. My neck and shoulders ready for you to mark and bite. My come ready to be released deep inside you.” John moans softly.
He smiles happily and giggles.
“Because we need to sign up for the support group and get our life story set out. We need to go shopping for new clothes and rings. We’re leaving tomorrow.”
P.S. It's frozen. The movie she loves so much.
"Hey...don't you wave me off! I'll tell your Alpha!" Sherlock hissed.
"Brilliant.."
He blushes and nods. “Yes, sir.”
They sniff him and lick him with their soft sandpapery tongues.
Mycroft smiles, obligingly and steps into his arms. "I love you."
They groan and come hard into him.
"I'm always the one reminding him to eat, to slow down and look around the corner for danger. I'm the gun at his back while he's off playing immortal."
He smiles softly. “I like being with you too.”
“Definitely more than a little.” John chuckles and sits next to Sherlock, he can’t remember ever having the same cabbie twice but then again he never made conversation with them.
Sherlock hums as they walk into the kitchen.
Turk hums. “We won’t need you quite yet, boys.”
He whimpers as nothing comes out, gasping and moaning as Riley sinks down onto his cock.
"That does sound nice." Benny smiles and leans in to kiss him before starting to get dressed.
"Good boy."
She moans loudly, gushing around his cock as she comes again.
“I’ll buy you a toy.” John smirks and walks out of the room to put his shoes on, letting Sherlock figure out what he means.
He moans loudly and arches up, drooling a bit.
He hums. “Would you mind giving me a tour of the place?”
Cecil groans and kisses her back, holding her hips. He moans as he feels George turn her vibrator up, feeling it against his cock.
John, tend to the woman.
Mycroft falls asleep holding him.
He nods, feeling a bit better.
John chuckles. “He’s a dirty slut.”
"Ride me."
He smiles and nuzzles him before pulling back to let him eat.
He blushes as he follows him, loving how degraded and owned he felt.
Greg feels tears rundown his cheeks. "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. If I had just shut up and held it together better this wouldn't have happened."
He kisses him and takes off his cuffs.
“Want you. Need you. Please.” She whimpers.
She nods and kisses his hand softly.
Greg smiles down at his nephew, holding him. "Hey, buddy."
He moans and grips her hips, licking and sucking at her cunt.
John smirks and curls his fingers, rubbing her g spot.
He relaxes against Duke, smiling as he sees Sherlock asleep between Dave and Chris.
She moans breathily and kisses him back needy.
[No need to apologize for something that's not your fault. I hope you enjoy it.]
She moans and rocks with him, feeling him nudge her cervix.
"Yeah yeah. I'll take the hard bits and you can have the fluff and glory." She smiles happily.
Sherlocklooked John over. "Afghanistan or Iraq?"
Sherlock moans breathily and bucks his hips, trying to push into his hand.
'No I can't have them. My uterus was damaged when I had a miscarriage and now it's beyond repair..' She swallows and takes a breath.
He nuzzles him.
He blushes and smiles.
He hums and rubs his back.
“Want to get fucked.” Mycroft moans. “Want to be the Gods’ slut. Please.” He begs, his sensati e cock already starting to grow.
"I expected this night to end differently but this is still nice." John tells him quietly.
Greg looks to John. "What's got him so happy?" He smiles.
He blushes at the praise and kisses him back. “Thank you, sir.”
Leona smiles and keeps an arm around Luciel. “She’s better now she knows you too.”
Enjoy!
"You just want to be stuffed full of cocks, don't you?" James smiles.
"It's a bit weird, having you in my head all the time. But I think I'm going to like it. If we get separated on a case, I'll know you're safe."
She blushes harder and hides her face neck, feeling submissive.
Brain smirks as he sees them.
“Ohhh I love it.” Morna moans as his cock leaks over her breasts.
"What are you two yelling about?" Greg chuckles softly.
“Right right. If course they weren’t your parents.” John nods, still trying to get a grip on this whole thing.
“He was a merchant. Always traveling. Everything mostly fell to Mum.” Mycroft looks at the painting.
Sherlock purred, relaxing back against John. “I love you.”
He blushes and smiles happily.
He moans loudly and arches his back.
He leans down to kiss her softly.
He smiles softly as they walk.
“I missed you, too.” Sherlock cuddles into Mycroft.
"You're in a strop." John says, stepping out as the lift doors opened. "Or at least it's a good show of it."
He blushes and nods, leaning against Clark.
“I’m fine. My hands got a bit burnt. But I’m fine.” Sherlock promises. “Don’t worry, I’ve got your mother’s work and come home right now. I need to go, dear, but I’ll be back with you before midnight.” He promises, before hanging up the phone.
Mycroft moans around him, bobbing his head slowly, one hand on the base of Greg's cock, the other hand on his one, pulling himself in tandem with his movements.
“Oh right.” Sherlock blushes a bit and let’s John up.
Greg smiles and takes off Mycroft's trousers and pants. John pulls Mycroft on top of him and kisses him. He kneads Mycroft's arse cheeks and pulls them apart slightly so Greg can stretch him.
Sky whimpers, trying to relax.
Michael curls against him, closing his eyes.
He smiles and pulls back.
"I love you.."
"Speaking of Saturday night Michael and I are going to meet up with some friends after dinner." Sky hums. "Are you sure that's wise? You do have the fight tomorrow." Mycroft hums. "It'll be fine. I can handle it." Sky nods.
Sky blushes brightly and moans needy. "I always want to be like this. To look like this. I always want to be pregnant. Stuffed full of your babies."
He smiles and nips at his lip.
She listened to him as he explained the situation with a frown on her face, "I thought...so wait, this is the first time you've seen your daughter in months?"
“Hopefully it’ll smell like you.” He kisses Sherlock sleepily.
He blushes and presses back against him. "Hi.."
"I need to."
“She was like a mother to us.” John smiles. “If you’d be happy with it- I used to be a doctor in the army. I’ve helped a few women through pregnancy before, I’d be happy to help you.” He offers.
“No. You’re staying like that.”
He moans and kisses him hard.
He leans against him.
He starts to fuck her face roughly.
“Good. Greg and Carol and Amelia could use more siblings.” She giggles.
Violet cries out as she comes hard on command.
He hums softly, mumbling.
Violet blushes as she watches people, throbbing as her plugs and not noticing she’s being watched.
John kisses his cheek and tangles their legs together.
He mutters softly. "Perfect.."
Sherlock hums and frees his hands, and sits up, so he’s face to face with John. “I much prefer being able to feel your body against mine.” He says softly. He wraps his arms around John and presses his stomach into him.
George moans loudly, arching against Mycroft. "Oh god.. It's been so long.. Your father was the last one to fuck me."
"Thank you."
“How have you been holding up?”
Michael moans as he lowers himself onto his cock, immediately starting to ride him hard.
“Big.” She blinks.
"I love you too.." He rubs her back, pressing a kiss to her head.
He smiles and kisses his head.
He relaxes with him.
He leaves to go find Darius.
He moans a bit louder. "T-Two, sir!"
He moans loudly and arches.
Sherlock growls and pushes in as deep as he can as he comes hard into her.
"Of course I am. Why wouldn't I be?" He give him a practiced smile. "Come on. Don't want to be left behind." He leaves the room to go wait by the door, obviously fleeing.
“Anything for you John.” Sherlock lifts his head and kisses John deeply.
He blushes and smiles shyly.
Greg sucks on his lip and pulls the chain.
'Mm, whenever he gets off work, we can go to a hotel and have some more fun.'
He blushes and nods, helping her up, his own legs a bit shaky.
“Who likes their boss?” Crystal laughs. “Most of them are good and loyal. But with anything there is always some decent in the ranks.” She hums.
He deepens the kiss and squeezes Sherlock’s arse cheek in his hand, making the plug move in Sherlock.
He rubs his back and relaxes.
He cries out and comes hard on command.
John sits next to Sherlock. Jared looking up at them.
He whimpers softly, biting his lip.
**Of course.—MH**
Sherlock smiles softly and dips his head to graze his fangs over John’s neck. “If you don’t stop, I’m going to have to feed right here and now.” He growls.
He frowns but nods. "Then let's make damn sure he does."
He gasps, getting wetter around his tongue.
“You don’t but I figured you wouldn’t be feeling the best so breakfast in bed.” Maggie’s smiles and puts the large tray on the bed. “Besides I was up most of the night with Bell while she gave birth so I was already up.”
Sherlock slowly gets up, carrying Rosie to bed.
"I'll make it up to you later by ten fold." He smirks.
"You don't know what to do without my cock, do you?" He groans and bites his neck hard.
'I love you. I'm sorry. I love you.' She whimpers and tries to breathe evenly.
Greg nods. “It would have to be something we couldn’t usually say but easy to remember.”
He gasps and cries out as he comes hard into her.
"Yes. Let's get everything ready. I think the process takes quite a bit of time." He smiles.
Sherlock struggles to stand, but keeps behind John.
He blushes. "Would he be using them on me?"
“My dad is sick it sounds like. Dying sick..”
Sky sits in the floor in an empty room of the house surrounded by boxes. She closes her eyes and breathes deeply. The lids from the boxes come off at ones and glide to the floor. The papers in the boxes take to the air and fly around her. She can feel Turk watching her as she works.
She smiles and nods. “Anything you wanna do before going to the clinic? Eat? Sleep? Fuck?”
“Save me a round.” Maggie giggles.
Sherlock pulls John along in a run.
'Mmhmm. She went to tell him about the family meeting tonight and she was naked. He couldn't resist such a delicious offer and she couldn't refuse her Daddy's cock. I pushed her up against the wall in the hallway after she was done with him. I read her mind about what the family meeting was about. I licked his cum out of her pussy right there in the hall where anyone could have seen.' She purrs.
John nuzzles him and kisses his head.
"Shower." She mumbles and smiles against his lips.
Greg watches and listens to him amazed. "Christ you're incredible." He smiles.
She moans and arches as she sinks down onto his cock.
“Good girl.” He kisses her and slips her tongue into her mouth, rocking into her slow and deep.
Sherlock whimpers and nods. "I am, Sir.." Mycroft smirks and hums. "Mm.. Perhaps Greg should fuck him first, and then we can take them when they're spent and make them come again."
"I want to take care of you. You should have every opportunity to get better."
He nuzzles into his chest and smiles softly.
He sits up to eat and smiles softly. “How much I admire you.”
“Somebody is needy already.” Sherlock smirks.
He whines but holds his ground, not submitting all the way to him, knowing Mycroft liked a challenge.
They hold him.
Just as John disappears from view, so does Annabelle, dissolving into the mist.
'When did you find Michael?'
"Do we have any sort of a plan?" John asks as he checks his gun over, he grabbed it before running after Mycroft.
One of the pups wobbles over and yips up at him.
He bites his lip. "Hey, I uh.." He blushes a bit. "I.. Well, before you fell asleep.. You said.. Well.. I love you, too.."
John bites his lip as he reads through the messages. His eyes widen a bit. "Christ.." He mumbles.
He marks her as he fucks her. "God, I'll give you everything."
Sherlock sagged, letting John take charge.
He kisses him back softly.
Blaze cuddles into him, making little noises.
"Yea we have him. Greg even got a full confession out of him before he went home. He is home right? This one messed him up, Holmes.."
"Gladstone will too. Because of course, Percy will do it. So they'll be lots of taste testing involved. Which reminds me, his lungs aren't the best but I need to start taking him for a short jog. Gladstone is getting chunky with all this extra food." John laughed then amended, "Chunkier. He's never been a slim dog. But I don't want him to get diabetes or heart disease just because we love feeding him."
John whimpers, stripping himself quickly. His cock is aching and leaking and he squirms a bit because of the vibrations from the plug as it nudges against his prostate.
John takes a bite and moans softly. "It's delicious." He signs.
Margaret smiles and rubs Leona’s belly.
He frowns and nods, still stiffened. "I.. Thank you, Sky.. Christ.."
He smiles softly. “There’s all different kinds. Anything you can think of, really.”
John smirks back, pulling her close. "Mm, you can't act as though you're totally innocent. I've caught you staring, as well."
John sighs and sits, watching the baby.
Mycroft nods. "Yes. That's right."
"Mm. There's my good boy.."
"Good." He kisses his cheek.
"As long as they're healthy, I don't care."
She gags on his cock, drooling around him.
“Having fun?” He smirks softly.
He kisses his head and smiles.
She moved across the small living room and handed it over to him once his hands were dry. Thinking she'd won, she went off to play.
He blushes. “I love you too.”
He nods and breathes slowly, closing his eyes as he relaxes.
Jared giggles and babbles back.
"Good boy." He smiles and kisses his temple.
She blushes slightly as she sees Anthea watch her.
"You know how greedy I am."
Camille sighs.
He hums softly and sets him down on the bed, moving over him to kiss him.
"Daddy's close to filling your needy cunt.."
Greg rolls his eyes and shrugs. "I guess we'll just have to wait and see."
“Hi, Can I help you?” Sky asks, holding the door open.
She whines and her hips rock needy. "He made you cum bucket fulls inside me."
He hums and kisses him back. "Of course."
"Mm you've been busy, haven't you?" Mycroft smiles and kisses him softly.
He cuddles him on the couch and massages his back.
"Mm, I'll let you prove that on the boat."
He makes her sleep, gently resting her on the couch. He then goes to Sky. “She’ll be okay.”
He smiles and nuzzles him.
"Where have you been?" Michael asks.
“Thank you, Mommy.”
Michael frowns a bit as Lucas glances at Jean for a moment.
Mycroft kisses him deeply in the cab.
“I’m sure you do.” He carries her to bed.
“Mm one of my husbands had me plugged all day.” She moans and rocks against his fingers.
He laughs and tickles his ribs.
“Good boy.” Benny praises and pulls out of his mouth.
He smiles softly and leads him into the flat.
They all go up to the room.
Sky mewls and squirms as she feels their hands working inside her, she just wanted to push.
He smiles and nuzzles her back.
“He loves a good blow job. His cock fits perfectly down a throat.” She licks her lips.
Mycroft and Sherlock blush as they look to Collin.
He hums, leaning forward and holding out his hand.
He kisses him back softly. "Sleep for a bit."
"Wasn't planning to." Collin growls and bites his neck as he continues to fuck him hard.
He smiles softly, kissing her softly.
They go inside together.
“It is a difficult decision.” Mycroft sighs. “Have you thought of any?”
She kisses him back and smiles.
He kisses his lip next, avoiding his cock.
He hums happily and smiles.
“Good. He was awake earlier.” Greg nods.
"Enough for a lifetime," John replies, then adds, "Oh god, yes."
John smiles and they go out to the limo.
"What was that, hun?" He nuzzles him affectionately.
"Mm My.." He groans softly and hides his face trying to sleep.
Sky crawls into bed with Turk, nuzzling into him. "Breakfast is getting cold."
Leona nods. “I’m not that good as verbal spells, so he might be better at sigils. Pythia’s going to teach me, to see if I’ve got a talent there.” She says softly. “Nate might be the same.”
"Well, you haven't been with good people then." John mused. "Up you hop. I've got a blanket we can use in place of the duvet tonight. I'll wash the thing tomorrow."
There are people dancing and fucking all over the room.
He smiles softly. "Thank you."
Sky follows him, nearly waddling.
“Fucking amazing. God..” he groans, rocking his hips a bit.
He smiles and kisses him.
He leans in to nip at his jaw. "My dirty boy.."
He screams as he's fucked hard, hands searching for something to hold onto.
He blushes and smiles. 'Yeah?'
*I'm sorry. It's all I can offer. Good night, John. -SH*
Mycroft blushes and smiles, pulling him in for a kiss.
“My pleasure. Call me if you need anything.” Margaret smiles and nods before leaving.
'Because he cares to much. He's an arse because its easier to ward people off than to care and lose them..'
John kisses Carol before following Sherlock out. “Thank you.” He says to Sherlock softly.
Sky sets out tea and coffee for them with their breakfast.
He bites his lip. "I'm sorry.. this is my fault. I should've said something. I'm sorry.."
He whimpers and kisses him back. "I like being like this, daddy."
Sherlock smiles and kisses him softly.
She moans loudly as Sky fills her.
Sherlock takes his pants off and hums. "We keep lube everywhere.."
"Yes yes. Fill me." She moans needy.
“Let him sleep for a bit. He wasted a lot of energy.” John relaxes into Sherlock, not wanting to face Greg again yet.
Cynthia blushes and melts into them, completely blissed out.
Lydia smiles and keeps just her shoulder solid where John’s hand is.
"Does my good boy need to be fucked?" She smirks and nips at his jaw.
John looks to Sherlock to see if he was expecting anyone, but he just shrugs.
He hums and holds her close.
Greg hums and kisses him back. "Mm hello to you to, beautiful."
"I'll... come with you to Bart's, then make my way home from there," he says, hoping Sherlock wouldn't object.
"Oh good, Mycroft! We thought you wouldn't make it in time. Hurry up and come upstairs. I'm finally ready to bond."
She blushes. “Oh, I couldn’t.”
John whimpers and squirms under him, his body extremely sensitive.
Sherlock laughs, letting Rosie lead him wherever she likes. He unlocks the flat once they get there, letting Rosie go first.
"Aw.. I guess you don't want me to suck you off then.." He pretends to pout.
Mycroft gets a call from the prime minister and he glances at Greg, silently warning him that if he tries anything, he will kill him.
She rocks back and forth on their cocks.
“Tell me if you need anything.” Sherlock says softly. “You should get some rest. It’s getting late and I’m not sure how much rest you’ll get when we get back into London.” He says softly as he sits down in his chair and lays it back completely.
She holds him close and snuggles him. "I am not worried so you definitely shouldn't be worried."
“Yeah?” She smirks, clenching around him teasingly as she keeps the slow pace. “Why twins? Why like Chloe?”
"The youngest did it out of self defense for her siblings...the mother was an accident...the girl is dead. Case closed." Sherlock replied.
"What do you need, bee?"
Sherlock blushes and hesitates before leaning up to kiss him.
George reaches down to pet her.
I'm getting tired and I need somewhere to begin..  came across a fallen tree
George groans as he unzips his trousers, pulling out his cock. He pulls the plug out of her cunt, licking his lips as he pushes into her.
"Good. Thank you, Crofty." Sky smiles softly at Mycroft and hops down from the counter.
Sherlock tries to keep a calm exterior but fails and only nods. "Thank you."
"Yes. I think it would be brilliant. I live here as well so we can be together again. What do you think? Would you move here? We'll take care of everything. Moving all of your things and the living arrangements here."
He smiles and rubs her sides. "Go ahead.."
"Mm this is going to be fabulous." Sky smiles as stands next to Sherlock.
He grins a bit and licks across the slit. "Fuck my face. Please. Make me gag. Choke me with your cum."
She smiles a bit and nods
She whimpers and goes to him.
Magdala moans and holds him close, wrapping her legs around him.
He moans breathily. "Fuck yes. So good."
"Good." He smiles and kisses him softly.
Sherlock whimpers softly and tries to deepen the kiss.
Sherlock gasps and moans, pushing back against his cock. “Yes, Daddy!”
“Just for you, Daddy!” He moans breathily.
“I’m sure that’s not true.”
She hums softly, knowing she’s already wet from anticipation.
"Mm.. Or should it be 'Watson-Holmes'?"
Violet hooks her arm around Sherlock's. "Come take your mother for a walk." She hums and leads him out to the garden. "Tell me what's really going on." She hums as they walk.
Sherlock sat down beside John, in the uncomfortable hospital chair, taking John's hand, squeezing gently. "Oh, John..." He murmurs.
'Can you come just from this, Daddy? Having your hard pretty nipples played with? Sucked on? Teased? I think you can. I think you want to.' She purrs in his head softly, continuing to tease him.
Sky blushes and cuddles into him.
He kisses him softly.
“Only a few like us, we’d best keep an eye on them and befriend them.” He mumbles back.
He smirks and grips his hair, pushing into his mouth.
Clark whines and tries to push back but John’s hands on his hips keep him from going back.
He blushes and follows orders, whining as he rubs his cock with two fingers.
“No. I’m done here. Let’s go. Maybe a walk.” Joann nods.
"Yes yes." She groans, pressing back for more.
He places open mouth up the shaft to the head. "Such a fucking gorgeous cock. It's an honor to suck you off, Sir." He circled the tip with his tongue.
He blushes and presses close.
He hums and pets his curls. "You all like my chest for some reason." He chuckles softly.
“Right right.” Sherlock nods and drives them to the hotel.
He whimpers and nods, moving to sit on his face.
Greg whimpers as he feels himself leaking.
"Mm do you want me to use the vibrator on you?" She smirks and nips  at his thigh.
"Don't worry about it. I'll consider breakfast as your thanks." She smiles happily. She looks at Mycroft and Sherlock and laughs. "Oh how I love when you two have no clue what's going on." She giggles and smiles.
Sherlock knows where John is, he can hear is heartbeat but he plays along. “John? Come out come out wherever you are!” He smiles.
“Let’s go on a date. Or find a case. Something.” Sherlock suggests.
He blushes and smiles. "Yeah, alright."
“I did. They were all so pretty, Master. And they tasted so yummy.” She purrs and rocks her hips against him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Darius smirks and follows them. Sky blushes and leads them to a big empty room.
Greg smiles when they get there. "Anyone hungry for lunch?"
He frowns a bit and nods. “Yeah..”
John smiles and leans against Sherlock as he eats, he eats all the meat before kissing Sherlock, hoping he can taste it.
“Maybe we can get lunch or something tomorrow?” Sherlock asks softly.
He blushes a bit. "I was hoping we'd go to the Caribbean."
“You always feel so good..”
Sky goes to find George.
Michael curls up in his sleep, cuddling against Jean.
"Zack?" Anthea answers her phone. "Is everything okay?"
"Mm if you guys decide to stay here I can make sure you get one everyday.."
"Yeah. Of course. I'm fine." Jacob nods, rubbing his thumb over Michael's knuckles. "Just a bit.. Nervous.." He says quietly, embarrassed.
"My, please." He begs, bucking into his hand.
Turk is in the supply room picking out things he’ll need for Harry.
He watches over her as she eats, drinking a bit of the water. ‘No, we’re fine.’
‘Want to make you happy, Master.” She rubs against his hand, mewling softly as she’s filled more.
“Please.” Mel blushes and nods shyly.
*"Très bien, monsieur ..."* The waiter says, taking up the latte and scurrying back to the barista station. (“Very good, sir...”)
"Mm is he always this loud?" Eli smirks. "You should hear him when he's fucked in public. He's a screamer." Mycroft smirks back.
They cover him with kisses.
“Don’t care. Want to be close.”
Mycroft straightens his outfit.
He moans around him as he bobs his head, talking him deeper.
“What shall we play?” Sherlock smiles down at her.
"Brilliant idea."
“I did.” Morna grins.
“Thank you.” Dorro says softly.
John cries out and arches his back. "Yes! Yes, I fucking love it! Please, Sir!"
Sherlock rides him harder, his cock leaking down Sky’s throat. He moans and arches as Anthea sucks on his clit.
He sucks at his throat and rubs his thighs.
Anthea whimpers softly, not having felt this healthy in years.
"Your good boy.."
She takes every drop they give her.
Turk frowns. "No. Not with the twins. I was just worried, you know I get irrational when I worry."
"We should probably go back out." She hums.
Mycroft frowns and looks to Amelia. "What did you say?"
He smiles and pulls back.
John nods. He leaves five babies in Mycroft, knowing he enjoyed carrying a lot. Before he moves onto Sherlock.
"Uncle Frank, John." She scolds but John just sticks a hand out, his fingers and thumb straight, and flaps them about, mouthing "Blah Blah Blah" to Sherlock.
“I do. I can just use my magic to pack.” Pythia smiles and makes a few hand gestures. Her suitcase comes out of the closet and lays open on the bed. Her clothes and person items getting packed away into it.
He smiles. "They're amazing."
Mycroft nuzzles against the man next to him, a bit puzzled when he realizes it isn't Greg.
“Good pick.”
“Feels so good, Daddy.”
“You look beautiful.” Mel says as she looks Violet’s younger body up and down. “You always look so beautiful:” she says, looking at her round belly.
He nods. “The intern seems promising as well.”
He kisses him back deeply, fucking him slow and deep.
He moans happily around his cock, pushing forward so Eli cuts off his air completely, his cock throbbing.
“Keep me updated on the situation there, I’ll do the same for you here.”
He smiles and cuddles up against him, sitting in his lap.
Mycroft smirks as he watches. "Mm, Sherlock likes it if you're rough with him. Just fuck him like you fucked Carol. You'll have to stretch him first. With your fingers or tongue."
He smiles and nods. They get everything else they need.
He smiles and kisses him back.
John grips Mycroft's hips so hard he's sure he'll leave bruises. He fucks him hard. He lets go completely. He fucks Mycroft harder then he's ever fucked anyone before. He losses all sense of control and fucks him like an animal.
He nods and follows him.
"Me too." She smiles against his lips and kisses him back.
He heads down the driveway and onto a private road.
John nods. "Of course, love. Anything you want." He smiles.
He groans and grips her hair tightly, tipping her head up. He moans as he looks down and comes hard onto her face.
“Sounds like fun.” Collin smirks.
“She’s John’s great great great great great Aunt. She died of a genetic abnormality. She comes and goes. She likes to play in the playroom with the other children. We have a few dozen ghosts here on the estate.” Margaret smiles softly.
“Mm you need more than Daddy’s mouth and hand, don’t you, baby?” Janes chuckles and smirks.
“I know, love. Just be patient.”
"Mm, begging already?" She takes the handcuffs and cuffs her to the bed.
"Everything. I've missed out on so much of your life and I regret that terribly."
Sky blushes and mewls softly.
Greg lets out a little moan.
He eased a slick finger into him and bites at the back of his neck. "Are you going to be a loud slut for me?" He strokes him and adds a second finger. "You're going to wake them all up aren't you?" He adds a third finger and rubs against his prostate. "They're all gonna want you. They're gonna want to take you."
"Mhm..." John groans in response.
"I love you."
She hums happily and kisses him back, wrapping her arms around his neck.
He bites his lip and holds him, his arms tightening around him protectively. "I know.. I'm sorry.. I won't make you go back.. I'll take you to Baker Street.."
He whimpers. “Yes, sir.. was gonna ride Mikey.”
"They ah.. They don't know yet.."
He smiles happily and leans against Mycroft. “Can.. Can I hold her?” He whispers.
"Okay." He smiles and scoops him up, carrying him to the bathtub.
The kitchen still smelled like home to John. Hints of his mother's favourite tea and her perfume still lingered, though it was nearly so faint he couldn't pick it out.
“You have until I am back, my son.” Camille explains softly. “I will want to stay here. Now and a short while after the ritual. I will be weak, and need somewhere safe to stay. During that time I wish to complete the ceremonies and reorganise the hierarchy. Will you be a dear and spare me two rooms?” They ask.
"Come on, then! There's a place I know close to here."
John grins, then tucks into his meal. "Good."
Sky smiles and helps him get dressed.
“I know that I’m yours, but... can you tell them at they’re allowed a... close look.” Sherlock whispers, nerves and excitement bubbling up in his stomach.
Sherlock hums softly and leans against Mycroft. Lydia's fingers play over the table top as if she's playing piano while she's lost in thought.
Sherlock blushes as Mycroft pulls away and looks at him.
"I love you too. So much."
And I don't wanna go home right now
He frowns. "I've seen him. I've worked with him."
"My!" He screams and comes hard between them.
She whimpers and bites her lip to keep her hips still.
He smiles softly and pulls him in, kissing him again.
He relaxes with both of them.
"I'm here if you need anything. I've got this whole mummy thing down pretty good I think." She giggles.
He hums. "Can we get food here?"
He kisses his chest softly. "I'll miss you."
He follows him inside, smiling.
She mewls softly and blushes brightly as she straddles his lap, letting him get a better grip on her arse.
**Okay be careful. See you soon!--Sky**
John nods. “I was thinking of looking for some part time clinic work.”
“That’s right. All mine.” He grinds against his arse.
Michael doesn't even let the answer sink in before he kisses the top of Sky's head.
Sky whimpers softly and presses her face to his skin. “It’s a boy.” Brain smiles as he looks the baby over. “It’s John’s.” She mumbles, having just had John’s first baby.
Turk blushes and stammers. "J-John said that if you want to watch me get fucked like the slut he knows I am, then you'll come to the living room."
John is sitting up front with him and Sherlock is sleeping against Mycroft in the back.
He sniffles a bit. “I’m sorry, I didn’t know I did something wrong, I promise. I’m sorry, Eli.” He continues to apologize, just repeating ‘sorry’ over and over again.
Sherlock stands next to her, making sure she doesn’t fall in. “I’m sorry things have been so hard.” He says softly.
George smirks. “Eager, hm? I know how you love being punished by Daddy.”
He looks at him, exhausted. "Because I need to be here for her.."
“It’s okay. Everything will be okay. We’ll work it out.”
Clark groans softly, tipping his head back. “Got someone in mind?”
"Don't.. You've made this same decision before. You left John so he wouldn't get hurt. You made the choice then which I must make now so don't 'Sky' me."
Chloe smirks and crawls over to him, licking his cock clean.
“I’m not sorry one bit.” Greg smirks, rolling his neck and shoulders as he lets his horns grow out.
Anthea shakes her head. “You are my father, Mycroft. You always have been. You took me in when no one else would, you knew how to help me cope with my... my cancer when the doctors failed. I may be Sired by you, ma’am. But Mycroft is my dad.” She says quickly, not looking at either of them, for fear of dismissal.
Sherlock hums and closes his eyes. "Alright.."
Zack nips at his lips, rocking against him teasingly.
As Greg promised, the bodies are out for them to see and the lab results are on the table.
He leaves them alone. Sherlock mutters John's name softly as he sleeps.
“Are you sure?” He smiles softly.
He chuckles. “Yeah, alright. What’ll our crime be?”
“Greg, please mate. She’s not as you’ve seen. She’s confused, and scared. I’m sure she can tell it better, but she loved Lucifer, and Lucifer loved her, when God condemned Camille to walk the earth forever and for Lucifer to rule hell, she was pregnant. She lost her unborn child. She is still grieving Greg. All these, possibly millions, of years later, she is still grieving. Then you come along, the son of Lucifer, and waltz in. The son she has been mourning for the past few millennia. She would do anything for you, even kill her own kind, she already killed Giselle for you. Tore out her fangs for you. You are more powerful to and against her than anyone else.” John whispers as he helps to make the tea.
She smiles and kisses her again. "You are brilliant."
Collin frowns. "You can't do that."
John blushes and smiles shyly back. He and Sherlock are tangled a much as possible.
He blushes. "Yeah, I think so."
“We’ll make sure you get nice and full today.”
Greg smiles as he watches her.
"But that doesn't mean we can't have a bit of fun while we wait."
"Would you like some pancakes to go with your syrup, hun?" Greg muses and smiles.
She blushes, not really wanting to leave Samuel or ready to be used again.
Sherlock crawls up onto the couch and cuddles John carefully after pulling his pants and trousers back up.
"I... I don't know what to do." He murmured. "Help me?"
He smiles softly, unable to keep the blush from his face.
George goes to get the door when Mr. and Mrs. Holmes arrive. "Oh you've got to be fucking kidding me!" Mr. Holmes sounds shocked when he sees George. "Cecil.." George nearly gasps.
Mycroft continues going down, wrapping her legs over his shoulders and kissing between her legs.
“Because he feels out of control and that he failed me. He didn’t and I’m giving him an opportunity to rectify that with himself. I’m letting him arrange for a new bedroom set to be delivered tonight. A larger bed to fit the both of us as well as my cast.” He knocks on his leg.
“I’m going to need more... after the meeting. But I’m fine at the moment.” Sherlock says softly. “Don’t worry about me.”
Mycroft kisses Greg in return, hips moving against his Alphas.
“Thank you.” Lydia smiles and puts her little hands on the cup.
He kissed him roughly. "Fuck, I need you."
Sky makes the spot on her back as cool as she can so she doesn’t burn him while she works.
Sherlock follows his instructions, clenching his hands so they don’t shake.
He blushes brighter. "I.. H-He did?" He bites his lip and blushes as he gets harder.
Greg yelps and whines. "You. I belong to you. Only you. I'm your fucking whore." Greg whimpers with so much pleasure.
“Mm good. They’ll make you so full.” He smirks.
Greg does as he's told and plugs John. He pushes two fingers inside himself feeling how slick and open he is from John stretching him earlier. "Daddy.. Please.." He whimpers.
He holds his hips and pushes into him slowly, giving him time to adjust to his size.
“Of course. She hears everything I hear. Sees what I see. Everything.” Leona nods. “I’m her mouth piece.” She smiles.
She blushes and goes to him, sinking down onto his cock.
He frowns a bit but nods, undoing the gag.
John sighed and nodded, knowing his friend was right. "Sherlock? Hey! Sherlock! Can we talk? Privately?" He nodded towards the small office.
“Okay?” He asks softly.
He picks her up, wrapping her legs around his waist as he pushes into her.
“You can however kill people and not sound like you’re explaining how an exhaust valve works.” Greg says, taking another step back towards the house.
He blushes a bit. "I.. I know.. I'm just worried I won't fit in."
She smiles and stretches, groaning softly.
Anthea pours Molly a cup of water one handed, the other cradling Selene close. She holds the cup to Molly’s lips, the straw ready for Molly to use.
He cries out as he comes hard into her cunt.
Sky let's one of the hovering balls to scan John. "Nothing broken. He can move." She hums. "Someone get a car and we'll take him to the hospital." Lydia hums.
“I’m good.” Pythia smiles, aging more everyday.
She mewls softly and leans against him.
“Oh wonderful.” Mrs. Hudson smiles.
Sky picks him up and spins him around, laughing.
Margaret leans in and kisses John deeply, tightening around him as she takes his cock deep inside her.
"I love you, too.." She whispers.
She nods and stands.
He lets out a small whimper, opening his mouth for him.
They get food from the cafe and sit at a table.
“I miss you, too, love. So much.” Mycroft holds him. He thinks about them in their room instead of some clinical cold hospital.
He hums as Pete comes with their drinks.
He hums and nuzzles her back. “Paris, Rome, Tokyo, Hong Kong, Vegas, Sicily, Cape Town, anywhere.” He chuckles.
Sky eventually falls asleep, exhausted. Darius transforms into canine form and lays across the room from them, watching.
He smiles softly and puts his arm around him.
'Yeah. We'll be pulling up in a minute or two. It's a huge estate. Kinda hard to miss.' She giggles softly.
"You doing okay, love?"
Chloe smiles as happily tears stream down her cheeks.
He kisses his neck teasingly soft.
"Git coming in when I'm not here. I've got you tea and porridge."
He smiles and pulls Sherlock down to lay with them. "Mm. So much for dessert.."
He chuckles softly and kisses his neck.
Sherlock's eyes widen and he whimpers, aching for Collin's cock. "P-Please.."
Right, that's enough about my balls. Don't read that bit to Rosie? Please? Tell her daddy was talking about grown-up stuff.
Crystal moans and her eyes flutter closed.
They pull out of her gently, covering her with kisses.
Mycroft moans loudly at the sensation of both of their cocks inside of him.
Michael chuckles and hums. “Probably.”
"Am I okay? Oh you mean the bell! Yeah I'm deaf so it doesn't bother me." She smiles.
Sherlock still feels completely boneless. "Help me up?" He murmurs with a grin.
He gasps and moans breathily against her lips.
He moans around Jake's cock, rocking back and forth on both of them.
He groans and comes hard, filling the condom.
'Cause no, we're not promised tomorrow.." She sings against his lips.
“Ohh very nice.” She grins. “Mrs. Donovan? Your turn.”
"Yeah..." The dismissal isn't unkind, but John has to hold back a snarl. He wants to bring Jacobs back to life just so he can kill him with his own hands. "I need to make a call anyways. Sherlock is screaming at me right now."
She blushes and nods. She gets up and let’s her robe slip off her, letting it pool on the floor around her.
She moans louder, dripping around him. Turk leads them up to the room.
“Y-yes.” She whimpers and tries to rock into him.
Turk groans and scoops him up, carrying him out of the theater and to the loo.
Mycroft moans loudly, leaning back for a moment to grab a large cucumber, moving it in front of her face. "Suck on this. Get it nice and wet for your arse. I want to hear you slobbering and gagging on it. I don't care if you even throw up on it, it's going in your arse." He smirks, pushing two fingers into her arse again, fucking her hard with his cock and fingers. "Mm, I hope to see more than you girls just licking each other's cunts."
He smiles softly. "I trust you'll take the necessary precautions to keep her safe."
Mycroft sighs and nods, taking another drag. "He's a saint. An absolute fucking /saint/." He rubs his face with a groan. If he was cursing outside of the bedroom, he must've been extremely stressed out by everything.
Sherlock gasps and moans as he's filled.
"This." She sighs and lays her hand on the scanner. 'No prints detected' the display shows. "I don't have fingerprints."
“I said beg.” George growls, tugging a bit at her hair.
Sherlock mewls as he relaxes against him, watching them closely.
He moans breathily as he starts to thrust into her, mewling needy.
Anthea nods and takes a few breaths. “I dunno. I just wanted to look around for the first time without being tired.”
He moans breathily, loving the torturously slow pace.
“I love it. I love being so full. Full of cock and cum and babies. It’s perfect. I need it. I don’t know what I’d do if I couldn’t be a breeding cow. It’s my life.”
He licks his lips. "I'd love to be your first."
"Since we don't have anything tonight, we can make pasta or something easy?"
"For a while, yeah. I think I can do that."
"Yup. He's actually like my dad." She hums.
Carol gasps and moans loudly as she comes, waking as he fills her pussy.
The horse bows his head for him to pet. All of the animals were a bit excited after shelling sky enter the facility and he was no exception.
Greg nods and follows the tech, his good hand holding Mycroft’s.
He smiles happily and relaxes.
“Definitely. What are you to looking forward to most?” Todd asks as they get ready to go back to the resort.
Sky goes and hugs Mycroft.
He nips and sucks on his neck, loving how the marks appear so easily. "Gorgeous. So gorgeous." He holds his his and rocks slowly, aiming for his prostate.
"Mm.. 'M fine."
"Actually," John says while hating himself for even suggesting this. "I think you should stay where you are for at least three more days. If he is here in London, or even just Europe, and you stay put... let yourself get seen. Wouldn't he be inclined to go to you after he sees the shops I'm going into? To torment you over missing my pregnancy, letting me think I'm Alphaless and pregnant."
She frowns and looks down at her hands.
He pulls out of him and pushes the plug back into him.
"Mm I won't hear of it." He grins as they start up the stairs after Sherlock and Sky.
“Oh yes! Mycroft gave me one. It makes the noise and then Mycroft talks from inside.” Camille nods, turning it over in her hands. “So it’s a magic voice box?”
‘Mycroft has no security on his phone. I want to speak with you about your plans, I think I have valuable information.-SH’
Carol hums and makes tea.
“Are you coming?” John calls out, already halfway down the stairs while Sherlock is distracted.
He opens his mouth with a small whimper.
He kisses him back.
He blushes and moans louder.
Sherlock lets out a small gasp, biting his lip as if he was unsure of what to do.
"Mm I'll fuck you and then I'll suck you off some more, okay?" He sucks on his thighs. "Mm or I could make you come again with my mouth, fuck you and make you come, then suck you off again until you're screaming my name as you come." He smirks. "You decide."
He smiles softly and kisses his forehead.
“A while..”
"Such a loud slut. We're gonna get caught."
He hums and cuddles him.
He gasps and moans loudly, riding him.
"Oh fuck, My. Please oh fuck." Greg is a whimpering pleading mess. He bucks his hips.
"You're not mad at me, right?" He bites his lip.
He blushes and relaxes against him. "Mm.."
Jake gets up, still avoiding Michael's gaze, as well as the other's now, and goes outside with a pack of cigarettes.
“I just don’t want to hear him anymore.” She sniffles.
Jake smirks and pulls Michael into his lap.
He hums softly and kisses his head.
He hums contently and kisses him back. "I love you.. So much.." He mutters against his lips.
Greg moans and grinds against him.
“Good boy.”
Maggie hums happily, slowly riding Johns cock as she eats, her belly getting rounded with food.
Leona leads Pythia to the pantry. “What are we looking for?” She asks.
"You're happy with this?" She asks making sure her sister was okay with it.
“I don’t want you anywhere else but next to me.” John kisses his hands.
Crystal moans and her thighs tremble.
Violet swallows him down happily, rocking between them. “Mm proper slut.” Chris chuckles and starts to thrust.
"Mm. You're how they knew, aren't you?"
Sherlock nods and downs the rest of his blood with a smile. He stands and throws his backpack over his shoulders. “I will text you at sundown, Sire.” He promises.
He nuzzles him back happily. "I love you, Mikey."
She moans loudly in his head, taking the pounding.
“Because it wouldn’t be too painful to lose her again..” Mycroft sighed, Magdala looked exactly like Violet used to. “Augustus got in my head about.. Things. I sent her away.” He whispers.
He blushes and whimpers breathily. “It takes a special person to bring it out of me.”
"Always." Sherlock nods and leads him out, following Sky.
She kisses her back and smiles softly.
John smiles and opens the bags, the smells making his mouth water. "Peking duck... Dumplings, plum sauce? You certainly went all out."
He blushes and nods.
Sky paces the hall on the phone. "No you get the money. I swear to God if I have to go down there and show you how to do you job again I will beat you half to death and let your wife do the other half. Understand? Good." She smiles at them as they walk by.
"Thank you. Thank you so much."
Greg gets up and pours Mycroft a cup of coffee the way he likes. He heads up stairs. "My... I-I've got you coffee.." He says enticingly.
She leans in and kisses her hard.
Greg smiles brightly. "That's brilliant, Sky!"
She jumps at the bait, grabbing at Sherlock's hand, "yes! Dinner! Just the three of us. Where are we going?"
Greg takes him back down his throat, swallowing and working his throat around Mycroft’s cock as he rocks his finger rhythmically.
He whimpers and moans.
“You’re doing so well, darling.” John praises as he kisses Sherlock’s neck, watching Helea suck Sherlock’s cock.
She leans in and kisses him tenderly.
"Mm hot. Tight and wet. It feels so good." He whimpers.
Sherlock blushes and squirms as they watch.
He smiles softly and kisses the tip of his nose. "Mm?"
“Yeah, of course.”
Sky lushes bright and spreads her legs.
He holds her close.
“Great. And then when we find that it doesn’t exist you can buy us all dinner.” She grins.
John looks very seriously at the man standing in front of him, "you want to work for your brother?"
He smiles and hums softly, splaying his hand on Mycroft's hip.
He blushes and smiles shyly. "Thank you, Daddy.."
He hums happily against his lips.
Rachel squeezes around John.
One of the polar bears puts his paw up on the glass, tipping his head and looking at Nina.
He nods and gets up, going to get her.
"Sherlock." Lestrade strides over, glancing at John. "Who's this?"
Mycroft groans softly and presses his face into the pillow feeling a bit hungover.
He hums and nods.
"So am I." He blushes a bit and smiles.
“Don’t worry, I know this place well. You’ll be safe.”
Sherlock rocks back against John hard, wanting it harder.
“Relax, love.” John says softly and squeezes his hand gently. “It’s going to talk around an hour to do the three spots but I’m going to do the first station twice.” He kisses his knuckles gently. “It’ll be fine. This church was made to stand up against anything. Mystic or not. You can feel it.” He nods, feeling the strong energy of the place not knowing that isn’t normal since that’s always how it’s been for him.
"Only the best." He smiles.
John strokes faster. "Come for me, love." John gasps already feeling the first wave of bliss crash over him.
"I want you.." She nips at her lips, pushing her arse back into her hands.
Greg turns each three up full and leaves it like that for a while.
Sherlock staggers back, blood starting to dribble out of his shoulder, the shot missing his head, miraculously. Meanwhile, Mary lays on the floor, motionless, across the room.
Sherlock smiles and leans against him.
He whimpers and let's Sherlock do what he wants to him.
“Yeah I’ll head out with you. Let me pay the tab.” Greg nods and goes to the bar.
He sniffles, tears still rolling down his cheeks. "I won't leave you all.."
"I prefer you looking at me..." Sherlock smirks. Clad only in his boxer-briefs and his shirt now, he looked up at John with half-lidded eyes.
Mycroft's eyes widen and he looked at the projection. "Christ, you made this?"
He groans as he pulls out of her.
“Daddy..” He gasps against his lips.
“Good. Nearly done. Is there anything else you want to bring?” Dominic asks.
"Aches...my throat hurts..." Sherlock replied.
George hums as he pulls the paddle back, seeing her juices on it from how much her pussy is dripping.
John looks to Greg, frowning. "I.. You never told me that.." He bites his lip and nods. "We need to show them that we’re okay with it. With whatever they want."
“Yeah?” He smirks, running his finger up Sherlock’s cock.
"So handsome." Cecil smiles.
“Oh dear, I’m fine. Nothing exciting to tell. Spent a few days at my sister’s helping her with her post-divorce mess, but otherwise it’s been quiet, really. I’m just relieved to see you dressed and cooking and smiling even.”
She smiles and kisses him back.
“Please what?” He smirks.
Leona sits and groans. “It’s of you. When you were little. John... he fell in the pond. You... everyone panicked. Including Diōnē and Pythia, but... but you dived in and pulled him out.” Her body relaxes as the memory ends. “Diōnē’s laughing, saying you really are Superwoman.”
He blushes brighter and smiles shyly. “I love you.”
Dominic kisses her one last time before falling asleep, one hand protectively over her womb.
She smiles softly and nuzzles him.
“Yes.” She moans and arches.
Eli smiles softly and goes to kiss her.
He nods. “Yes, ma’am.”
“I’m alright.”
Jean nods toward Lucas. "He doesn't care about me at all and I love him to death. Nothing is ever good enough for him. The high doesn't last long enough, the party isn't fun enough, I'm never good enough." He shrugs.
Sherlock bites his lip, too used to being called a freak by other.
He smiles fondly. "Jawn made me breakfast. He's so nice to me.."
Sherlock blushes and frowns a bit at Mycroft's strange reaction. He bites his lip and goes to John's side.
Collin holds him and kisses him deeply as the others cuddle around them.
Michael smirks and pushes into Mycroft, not breaking the hard rhythm.
He hums happily and rubs his back.
"That's good." John smiles at him, "I'm glad you're enjoying it. I had my doubts, what with the whirlwind life of being a consultant but if you're happy, that's what matters." He can't help but think of the other night when he saw Sherlock on a date and bites his lip to keep from saying anything.
“Both I suppose? My mind palace helps me recall things easier but being a vampire I have more to recall.” Sherlock nuzzles him.
Greg blushes and hides his face in Mycroft's shoulder. "Am not." He mumbles.
She hums happily and presses against him.
She hums and nods, nuzzling him back.
“God whore. Now, Kia. You’ve been waiting so patiently.” Myropis smiles as he steps before her. “Look at you. You’ve got a belly.” He laughs slapping it.
He smiles and hugs her back. 'How do you think my mum will react?' He asks in his head.
She whimpers softly, opening her mouth.
John, Greg, and Mycroft head off to bed when it's gets later. Sky leans against Michael and hums softly.
“Mm poor baby. Don’t know what to do with yourself, do you?”
Sherlock cries out as he comes hard between them.
He smiles and follows him, letting Sherlock lead.
John sips his tea, his hair still damp from the shower.
Lydia wiggles as she’s pat. “Thank you.”
Greg beams as he presses the first button, watching Crystal closely.
Sky nods, holding his hand.
"How did she get all the..." Amelia trails off asking about Sky's scars.
He pulls his fingers out and presses a kiss to his back. He lubes himself up and nudges at his entrance. "Ready?"
Outside a car pulls up as Sherlock watches out the window. The door downstairs opens and hurried footsteps on the stairs make their way into the room.
“Well its a good thing we know some rituals help. Bodes well for the final one.” She nods, having been working on giving Camille energy and a voice. “Don’t be sorry. It’s my duty. I’m the vampire haven.” She smiles.
"God look at you. Just look at you." He moans and kisses him. He strips off both of their shirts and trousers. He kneels in front of Mycroft and buried his face in his crotch. He nuzzles and mouths at his cock through his pants. "Tell me what you want. Tell me what you want me to do to you."
"I love you, too.. So much.." She kisses his cheek and jaw.
“Red sauce?” Sherlock asks, letting Rosie lead him around after John.
"Thank you, love."
He hums as he takes a sip of his drink. "Mm, yeah."
"I-I need you to fuck me.. Please, My.. I need you.." He whimpers.
He moans and relaxes as he’s filled.
Anthea smiles. "Good to see you still have your facilities." She murmurs. "I came to let you know that James Isaac Moriarty is dead and gone. You don't ever have to worry about him bothering you ever again." She bit her lip. "Mycroft would have come, but he's... berating himself over the whole thing."
"Yeah sleep is a good idea." Greg gets up and yawns.
He blushes and nods. "Yeah.."
John pulls out and Collin licks at the come dripping out of Sherlock.
He whimpers and opens his legs.
She blushes brighter at the praise and mewls.
He groans as he tries to stand, stumbling a bit.
"Love you.." The mumble to him.
"Mm you want me to use you till you have nothing left?" She smirks.
He cuddles him close and peppers him with kisses.
"Of course." She smiles.
He gasps and wraps his legs around him, pulling him in deeper. "Yes.. Oh Christ."
Greg smiles and nuzzles him.
"Such a stud." He chuckles.
"Never, handsome.." He smiles happily.
He smiles and leans against the counter.
Sherlock smiled. "Eight o'clock... Mort de l'âme... on Barrow Lane.... see you there, cutie."
“It’s great. If you want to volunteer you can sign up. Each week has a different theme. This weeks is hydro week so everything is water themed.” She smiles. “I’m Dottie by the way.” She smiles and holds out her hand.
Pete giggles as they do their shots, happily tipsy.
John whines and pushes his arse into Greg's hands needy.
'Alright..'
He smiles softly and nods.
She licks at his face before George puts him back in his kennel.
“I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.” Kia cries and holds onto him. “To many. Can’t move or breathe.” She whimpers. “Don’t want his. Yours. Your babies. Make them yours.”
He moans loudly against his lips as he comes hard, his body trembling as he does.
John smiles. Sherlock looked so adorably shy. "Here? Your room? Mine?"
Greg gets up and hobbles over to the kitchen table so John can clean his cuts in better light.
“Yeah somebody is getting cranky.” She rubs Cara’s back. “Let then enjoy the elephants for a bit longer. I’ll go sit in the shade and feed her before we go get lunch.”
John lathers Sherlock's hair and massages his scalp. He loves the way Sherlock's hair feels so soft and silky between his fingers.
Pythia smiles and follows Margaret into the house.
Camille nods and claps her hands twice. Sherlock looks in the rear view mirror and smiles broadly. “Greg, I’ve missed you.”
He smirks and hums. "Let one of us lay under you so we can both fuck your cunt."
John moans softly.
Uoooh
[As if that would have changed anything. They all seem to think things were easy. If we were in a different situation, maybe.]
"You okay, love?"
Jean blushes and bites his lip unable to remember the last time he wanted to be submissive for someone. He nods shyly.
They slowly being the song to a close and Carol's harp last few notes hang in the air softly fading. Collin goes and kisses his wife softly. Carol smiles and leaves the music room. Collin chuckles and shakes his head.
He closes his eyes, mewling breathily, blushing at his words.
He nods and leans in to rest his head on Brian's shoulder. "Thank you, Daddy.."
Sherlock kisses Greg once more out of spite before sinking to his knees.
He hums and smiles. ‘You know I do.’
"Yes not all of us have the talent or patiences to interact with the most mind numbing people on the planet." He smiles.
He blushes and whimpers, stripping immediately.
He moans and whimpers. He pulls the plug out and sinks down onto his cock, arching.
She hums and nods. ‘I’m gonna be huge. Even bigger than now.’ She smiles shyly.
Samuel is still asleep under her.
"None of us will ever do that."
He whimpers a bit as he watches him strip.
He smiles and nuzzles him affectionately.
“I mean look at me.” Violet rubs her hand over her body, over her beautiful round belly and gorgeous swollen tits. “I’m bigger than huge. Gigantic.” She pouts, her hands still running over her skin.
**Good. I'm going to text Anthea and Lydia to come out with us as well.--Sky**
"It was on the list Sky gave me of places that cater for weddings. I thought we'd try it." He blushes a tiny bit.
"Lestrade." Greg answers.
“So cool.”
Turk hums. “Mind if I let our friend do it? Let him taste me.”
"Right... Off to Aunt Jennie's we go."
Sherlock nodded. "I feel like crap."
He blushes brightly as he watches him.
He slips his tongue into his mouth.
"You want me to sit on your face? Tell me how much you want it." She smirks and rubs his hands over his throat, pressing slightly.
Collin moans and pulls Sherlock into a harsh kiss.
Margaret thinks. “No. I think she’s the oldest. When they get old they either disappear or move on.”
She ties him down to the bed with silk, making sure they’re tight.
“And you want to squirt, don’t you?” She kisses his neck, fingers rubbing a bit harder.
His eyes widen as he watches her squirt over him and the bed.
She smiles happily and relaxes between Michael and Turk.
"I have an idea." Turk holds his hand and leads him to the elevator.
"Ah, that's what we were doing." He chuckles.
Sky arches and twitches as the squeeze and fuck her. She fucks Carol with her fingers and laves her tongue over her clit.
Give a little more." He sings and smirks, holding his hips and kissing him before he sings the next.
"I don't think I would have either." John says, reaching his hand out to rest on Sherlock's hip. "It's kind of nice though. Not to be running around expecting to be shot at. Not that that was terrible--well, I mean it was, being shot is terrible, but you know what I mean."
Mycroft grits his teeth and forces out a small goodbye as he hangs up. He glares down at Greg.
"Please.." She whimpers. "I can.. I can.. I can.." She sobs as tears roll down her cheeks, overwhelmed.
She whimpers and arches.
He blushes and bites his lip, the question barely escaping. "I.. Are you happy when you're with Sherlock?"
Sherlock wants to cry. "I can't do this again..." He whispers, voice breaking. He gets off the bed and flees the room.
He remains silent as he waits impatiently for his car to arrive, only the sound of him puffing out smoke breaks the silence.
“Would I be allowed to stay?” Mycroft asks softly. “I don’t want to overstay my welcome, and I don’t know how I could serve the Gods.”
“Fuck me.” Sky moans and arches, holding onto him tight.
Sherlock presses closer.
“Slut. Your slut. A lucky to have a good master. Be a good slut for you.” Crystal babbles.
Greg's vision blurs when he finally comes hard. He trembles almost violently from relief.
"What a shame she's failed again. Is it a habit or just a talent you have for disappointing the men you so desolately seek approval from?" Mycroft adds. "Shut up shut up.." She starts to shake.
"Oh, you'll do fantastic.”
He hums and licks his lips. “Brilliant.”
He groans softly and nips at her lips.
“I’m sure. Ten minutes tops.”
His body trembles from his multiple orgasms.
"There you are!" She smiles.
“If you say so.” Camille says softly, relaxing.
She nods. “I have lots of them. And a husband. Who you fucked.” She smirks.
“It’s alright, Sherlock. I understand.” Pythia smiles softly.
John sighs as he walks, thinking more and more about the stories his mother told them. He always thought she was a little silly. When he was younger he loved the stories. They were exciting and kind of scary but they always kind of worked out for the better. When he was older and she told them more he thought she was weird for making up nonsense like vampires.
She closes her eyes and whimpers softly, kissing him back.
I was dumb and let time slip by me unnoticed. The first week in September I'll be working Boston Comic Con (Wednesday - Sunday) so I'm going to take that week off from fic posting. It's a long drive there and back, and long hours. I'm just going to need the break.
Mycroft groans and bites his lip.
,” John whispers.
John smiles and continues to rub Sherlock’s back.
“Almost, baby. Just one more finger and ten you can have my cock.” Eli kisses his neck and slowly eases the last finger into Josh.
“Sure.” She smiles and nods.
Jason smirks and snaps his hips teasingly.
“Mm do what you want. I want to see what you can do.” He rubs his thumb over his cheek.
He whimpers and moans loudly as he comes against his chest again.
“Yes yes!” She moans loudly, wrapping her legs around him.
Kia paces out in the hallway, something didn’t feel right and it made her age up to adulthood she was so worried. She was forgetting something she knew was important but she couldn’t remember what.
"Let's go." He smiles.
He holds him and nuzzles him. He pulls his hand out of his pants and smirks, licking his hand clean.
“Fuck Yes, keep going. God I love it.” He begs, moaning loudly.
"I'm absolutely serious. You're far to good for me. You're a genius. Beautiful inside and out. A wonderful lover. Far to good for me." He kisses his cheek.
"Good." He smirks and pushes back into his mouth.
"Love you, too." He kisses his jaw. John's eye lids start to feel heavy and he relaxes more into Sherlock.
She jumps up onto the couch, crawling over John to get to Sherlock.
“No. They’ll be take to a special hospital for our kind. Why wouldn’t you want to be here if they did?”
Sherlock blushes. “Seems like I’m dressed for the occasion.”
Sherlock nodded and swallowed thickly.
He nuzzles him and rubs his back. “You relax for a bit and I’ll take my turn fucking her. Okay?”
“Oh fuck.” She whines a bit.
Greg blushes and smiles, leaning against him. "Brilliant."
He kisses his chest softly.
“Are you gonna get married like you did with daddy?”
“We will Sherlock.” Mycroft says. “Do you know how many wars we’ve stopped?” He asks.
Mycroft hesitates, but nods. "Please, Gregory..."
**No I'm mad that it's your hand wrapped around your cock and not my mouth.--JW**
Crystal nods. “I think I need to do this alone though.” She says softly.
Greg pulls him onto his lap. Greg holds Mycroft's arse in his hands.
"As I said, some people deserve it," Harry smirks and runs her hand over Anthea's back. "Why's he uncuffing him?" She asks, confusion and worry made her voice come out an octave higher than normal.
John smiles softly and holds Sherlock close. “She’s the personification of pure joy. It’s hard not to like her.” He hums and kisses Sherlock’s head. “How are you feeling?” He asks as Kia runs around happily.
"Thank you.." She mumbles softly against his lips and kisses him again.
She blushes brightly and whimpers.
"Can I ask you something then?" John needs to know before he agrees to put in the work. "Do you want us to get back together or are you doing this because it's what Rosie wants?"
He bites his lip. “So when are you... leaving?” He asks quietly.
Sherlock checks her over quickly before going to Mrs. Hudson. “Are you alright?”
He moans loudly and arches up, coming hard with a shout. "Sherl!"
Cecil growls and starts to pound into him.
Sherlock whimpers and goes over to lick up Greg's mess. "Oh m-my god.." Greg mewls as he watches Sherlock lick his cum off the floor.
He chuckles softly. 'Of course.'
He blushes. "Really?"
'You should. I can warp everyone perspective. We could fuck on the hood of a cop car and no one would be the wiser.'
Sherlock nearly screams as he comes as he’s filled.
"You are. You're being so good for me, love. So very good." He praises as he adds a final finger.
John whimpers, wanting Clark to use his throat.
"Your cock.."
She blushes and nuzzles him back.
“Mm, you’re already showing?”
He thrusts harder, biting her neck harder. "You're going to make a mess of the hot tub with your cum." He smirks.
“Not my fault. I’m made for this. Made for making babies.” Morna moans and rocks her hips.
“You like all that cum, Daddy?” Collin kisses his neck and rocks his hips, pushing it deeper into him.
"You got me clean...when no one else could...I think I'm the burden." Sherlock replied. "You're a strong and bossy omega."
He lets out a small whine as he watches, having been alone for so long.
“Yeah? You like it when I’m big and round? Stuffed full of your son’s babies?” She purrs and rubs her belly between them.
She mewls and kisses him.
Sherlock looks up at Mycroft and smiles. "This is just like when we were young, Myc."
The man on the other end of the line sighs impatiently, but John snaps at him, telling him he can wait a few goddamned seconds. He looks over at Sherlock, trying to judge if he'll still have a home in a few days.
Michael smiles softly as they come back. He smiles a bit at Sky.
He smiles happily.
"Daddy.." He moans and comes hard grinding against him.
“Hi.” Sky blushes. “I just had your dogs puppies in the barn.” She blushes brighter.
John hums. "Dare."
He smiles and relaxes against him, continuing the kiss.
He hums and nods. “Sky will be here soon. She’s bringing food.”
Annabelle looks around, unable to see all the trees, “What do you mean, there’s no trees here, just shoots.”
“Mm Hello, darling.” James smirks, rubbing his hands over Sherlock’s thighs.
“Now be a good boy and eat.” He smirks.
He kisses Sherlock's cheek softly as they get into the lift.
He smirks and kisses him.
Collin smirks as he sees Sherlock practically squirming on his desk.
"Anywhere in particular you want to go?" John asks as he heads to the door.
John looks up at them and smiles.
“I like your normal.” Sherlock blushes. “I’m so glad I was chosen to be John’s sacrifice, I want to stay here forever.”
"Good. Wanna come see her?"
“Mm forest sounds nice.” John nods.
Michael blushes, still holding Zack's hand as Chloe goes up to bed.
Mycroft hums happily and kisses his chest.
Lydia moans, still tied down so she can move.
He nuzzles her back. “Good.”
She slowly stretches him as she clips the clamps onto him.
She swallows, dancing with Sherlock. “So what do we do?” She says quietly.
He hums happy and kisses him.
Mycroft sighs and pinches the bridge of his nose.
He smiles and kisses him. "I love you."
He nods and makes his way to the backyard.
Mycroft holds Sherlock close, pressing small kisses to his hair.
He smiles softly and closes his eyes.
“This is utter horseshit.”
"That's right. Like a slut. Such a loud slut.." She takes out her fingers and pushes into him. "What if someone came by and they saw what a beautiful slut you are? What if they wanted to fuck you like I do?"
"How'd you sleep?"
He gasps at the praise and whimpers at the action. "Sir.."
"I can help." Lydia smiles and nods.
"Slow." He says softly, starting to push into him so slowly.
She gasps and bites her lips.
'Brilliant deduction.'
Sherlock nodded. " 'course."
He kisses his head softly as he sleeps.
He nods. ‘The ambulance didn’t come in time.’
So I will not ask you
He whines softly and mewls rocking back on Sherlock's finger.
He groans as his dream finally lines up with what he’s been feeling in real life, starting to thrust into the flesh light.
He moans loudly and bucks his hips.
He blushes, his cock hanging heavily beneath him.
Mycroft holds his hips close and grinds against his arse. He smirks and ghosts his hand over Greg's crotch, the other dancers hiding his movements.
He blushes. "Daddy said that it'd wake you up."
He gasps and arches, mewling. "Did you cross your name off, Daddy?"
“Okay.” Morna blushes and smiles softly.
He chuckles and smiles. "We're lucky. So lucky."
“Getting back to you was more important,” Sherlock huffs, trembling as John helps him back into bed.
Mycroft nods. “I want to show off.” He whispers. “Whilst I still can. I want to walk down the corridors with you or Morna or both, and get wolf whistled and cat called.” He blushes.
Collin whimpers and bucks his hips into Mycroft's hand starting to feel close.
Eric smirks and fucks him harder.
Greg smiles softly.
"Mm everything has a place and time, darling. I can't change and fix everything." She hums.
She blushes brighter. "Can't help it."
Greg reaches down and catches some of the come on his fingers. He brings his hand up and sucks the come off his fingers as he moans loudly.
He whimpers, loving every word. 'Yes! God, yes. Want to be a good, proper whore. Want to be filled to the brim with stranger's cum. Want women to come in and smother me while they sit on my face, not letting up until they're satisfied. Anything as long as I have no control."
He blushes and frowns a bit.
"Look at you. Putting on a show for everyone." John smirks.
He nips at her lips.
Half way through feeding them the never ending plate of food, Myropis leans over and plants a firm, passionate kiss on Morna’s lips. “Would you like me to feed you as well, baby?” He asks softly.
'Understood.'
She hums softly and relaxes against him. ‘What do you think?’
He whimpers and kisses him back, moving closer until he’s practically in Sam’s lap.
John shook his head no and just watched Sherlock breathe, while rubbing little circles into the back of his hand with the pad of his thumb.
He smiles as they make their way to the lobby.
George blushes brightly and sits with Violet and Cecil to eat.
John groans softly, his cock throbbing. "I think that's a brilliant idea."
“Easy, baby.” She soothes, gently pushing to big plugs into her.
Mycroft grabs John's phone and covers his mouth, muffling a sob as he watches the video. "G-Greg.."
“Better?” They pepper him with kisses.
"Oh, I'd be fine with just watching."
"Mm.. I love you."
She whimpers and wraps her legs around his waist. "God yes!"
He moans whorishly and arches.
This hurt that I've been through
Alone in the house with just his parents, and the odd agent keeping out of sight, John breaks down into tears. He's vaguely aware of his mother kneeling at his legs. But when she presses her face against his belly John's sobs become harder.
John nods. “It’s the only thing I’m decent at. I thought it would make you happier.” He says quietly. “Everybody likes beans on toast.”
He smiles brightly. "I'd love to go."
“Such pretty little holes.” Mycroft smirks, rubbing the head of his cock against his cunt teasingly.
Sherlock slept.
"I wouldn't dream of it.." He purrs as he fucks him hard. He kisses him as he strokes his oversensitive cock.
John does the same as Sherlock's cum leaks out of him.
Mycroft lays his cutlery down neatly. "That was lovely." He said. "My compliments to the chef."
"I can have them picked up and brought here if you'd like, Sir. They're still sleeping and will most likely stay that way for a few more hours."
Sherlock blushes and nods.
He blushes and nods. “Yeah, I did.”
John’s cock is already half hard and big.
Michael smirks and hovers over him. "Mm, just like that. You look brill--" He suddenly stops, suddenly feeling like something is very wrong.
She smiles and presses kisses to any skin she can reach.
He smirks and rubs his cock teasingly.
“Mm I would.” Crystal grins.
He stirs the tea and tastes the spoon. "Mm sweet just like you.." He smiles and hands Sherlock his mug of honey tea.
Sherlock looks down at their hands. He squeezes John’s hand back. “Together. I wouldn’t want to do this with anyone else but you.” He whispers.
“Please.” She whimpers and spreads her legs.
"You and Greg as parents. That'll be something.." He smiles and lights a cigarette for himself. He rarely smokes and only when he's desperate for one.
Greg holds Mycroft through his orgasm, letting him ride it out and soon coming into his lover’s body himself.
He gasps as he slowly starts to ride Collin. "O-Oh..."
John sits with Sherlock.
Pete blushes. “You guys came back.”
‘So am I.’
"Please please please." He begs and tries to push back against his finger.
Zack frowns and sits with her, still humming softly.
"Mm we're going to have a lot of kids. The whole house is going to be full of them. We'll have to start being more careful about where we have sex." She giggles.
He pulls down his trousers and pants, kissing his cock.
John hums. “Found you someone, love.”
“Mm alright.” He nods. “Let’s go sit.” He leads him to a couch.
He keeps his arm around him as they eat.
Danny smiles happily and takes her hand, getting onto the saddle with her.
Greg sighs. "Yea you did."
“Doing alright?” Sherlock asks softly.
"What did you do? I love the beach when I used to go when I was younger. Did you go to the beach?"
She gasps and arches up. “Please, Daddy. Need you inside me.”
Turk smiles softly as he watches him go with Eli.
"It's okay, love.. I'm here."
He groans and starts to piss.
Until the tears have left your eyes
"When am I not careful?" Sky teases, hand slowly rubbing her baby bump as she walks to him.
"My first reaction is anger when people see me as an Omega. I'm sorry... But I need you to know it has nothing to do with your status as my mate. I just hid it, for so many years. It'll take some getting used to, being out in the open like this."
Udos smiles and peppers kisses over Morna’s face. “I’m happy too. I love you Morna. We all love you.” He says softly. “And I missed you so much.”
Mycroft gasps and whimpers. "John.." He moans.
“I’ll answer any questions you have.” He smiles.
Sherlock groans and pouts. "I'm not hungry!"
He marks her neck, claiming her.
"You're perfect."
“She’s the cow!” Lydia grins. “And now she has a baby! Two babies!” She giggles excitedly. “I named Belle. Like the princess. And the girl baby is rose and the boy baby is beast.”
Sherlock laughed softly and helped John get comfortable, before queueing up the movie on the television.
He groans and kisses her softly.
John and Mycroft come out soon after.
Dottie smiles and waves as they go.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mycroft squeezes Camille’s hand softly. “How are John and Gregory?” He asks.
"Look at them. They want you. Just pick one."
Michael takes a sip of his beer. "What else haven't you done?"
He kisses his neck and chest.
He holds him close and cuddles him.
He gasps and moans. "John.."
Anthea hums and kisses Lydia back, their bellies pressing together. "Mm, hello."
She nods and rubs the head against her cunt gently. “How deep do you want it?”
He rubs his thighs soothingly.
"Another!" Someone from the crowd shout. Sky laughs and starts another song. "I feel good, I walk alone
“I had a question but I can’t remember what it was.” Rachel blushes and giggles.
"Gregory is...feeling some adverse effects from the crime scene...I'm going to take him home. I'm taking him home. Also, John Watson...Sherlock's omega has gone into spontaneous heat. Would you hold down the fort, please?" Mycroft asked.
He lets out a groan this time. **Definitely.--Zack**
Sherlock nods curtly. “I’m fine.”
"No I'm not. Not at all. It's my fault. I thought you didn't want me and I overreacted because I'm an idiot and I don't think I deserve good things. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm sorry." Turk apologizes over and over.
He smiles and nuzzles her.
He whimpers and bites his lip.
Greg bits his lip, and fingers the stake as his cock swells in his pants. “Don’t touch me.” He orders, wondering if she will obey.
"That's perfectly normal. It's a bit scary. I'll be there the entire time so it will be okay." She signs.
Mycroft smirks and keeps rocking his fingers and hips. He reaches over and grabs a fleshlight, lubing Sherlock’s cock and slipping it down over him.
He blushes and smiles shyly, nuzzling them back. “Feels good..”
Sherlock blushes and nods.
"Sounds like fun." She giggles and smiles.
He whimpers, trying to take him deeper as he feels Jason against his cervix. “No one. Please. Want it so bad.” John starts to thrust hard into her. “So wet for me, hm?”
“Yeah.” He blushes and nods.
He gasps and mewls breathily. “Yes.. makes me feel so full.. love it.”
"Such a good boy." He praises, sucking on his neck as he slips his hand into his pants.
She hums happily and nuzzles him.
“We can play a different game.”
“Really?” She grins.
He frowns and holds her close. "I'm sorry.."
Greg stretches out, but keeps on his side, scared that if he goes on his back, he’ll choke on the blood.
"Jean!" She cries out, coming hard around him.
**There is a car waiting for you. --MH**
Mycroft sets a nice deep pace, making sure to rub Sherlock’s prostate.
Darius leans in and kisses Dark deeply.
Sherlock squirms against Mycroft’s cock, nearly desperate.
Greg follows John out. “What should we do with the other things?” He asks.
His hands go down to her hips, holding her close as they kiss.
"You're such a good man. I'm sure she adores you."
"Good boy." He praises and spanks his left cheek again a bit harder.
John shakes his head. “It’s the anniversary week.” He nods. “In two days is the day. It’ll be a decade.”
"Mm, it's brilliant." Michael smiles.
John gets up from the pile to go to the loo. "Mm afternoon, hun." Greg smiles up at Sherlock who's now on top of him.
"In Catholic school as vicious as Roman rule
He bites his lip and takes a few calming breaths to get a hold of himself.
"Yup. In 14 minutes. Mm a minute to spare." She smiles and caps the pen.
“I hope this doesn’t bother you.” Ms. Cheyenne says to John.
She nuzzles him and holds him close.
"Yes. I told you before a while ago. You've probably deleted it." Sky smiles softly at Sherlock.
Cecil smiles. “Hello, young man.”
“No, you were on Jimmy’s side.”
John’s jagged breathing as he tries to calm himself without crying, eventually settles to the steady breathing of sleep. The dog close by helps to keep him peaceful.
"Okay." She smiles and kisses his cheek before going back to sit with Jean.
He frowns but nods.
‘You can talk to me in your head if you want. I’ll be able to hear you.’ Sky smiles and winks at her before starting back down the hall leading them back to her room.
"Humm." Greg slicks up his fingers. He teases Mycroft's hole. Greg kisses Mycroft's prick as he slides in a finger.
His moans are muffled against the gag and he presses back against his fingers.
“Do you know what it does?” He teases the head of his cock with the entrance.
The man moans and pulls out of John's mouth, coming on his face.
He smiles softly. "I can't wait to see you."
“If everyone could give us a bit so we could talk in private. There’s plenty of food and drink in the kitchen so go have some lunch. There’s no longer a threat.” Sky smiles softly and watches the telepath get led out with James and Fitz. “You two as well. I’ll call if I need anything.” She nods to Turk and Matthias.
John and Sherlock kiss Mycroft's cheeks softly.
“Keep stretching yourself then.” Steve smirks. She whimpers and rises his fingers, taking him as deep as she can.
He rubs his hand. "I love you."
He smiles and closes his eyes.
He smiles softly as they all go to the bathroom.
He smiles, slowly relaxing.
Martha hums as she sips her own, eyes gliding around the room.
“I know. But you’re unstable.”
"Yours!" He cries out and moans.
He groans. “Fuck, fuck.”
She whimpers and Sherlock starts to speed up.
John feels like the air is sucked from his lungs. "I know, love. I should have known. I should have seen him or heard him. I'm so sorry." John starts to hyperventilate a little and shakes a tiny bit. "If I'd lost you I would have dropped dead. I wouldn't be able to take it."
"You are no son of mine.." She slaps him. "Go away. Don't ever talk to me again. I never want to see you or hear from you. Go crawl back to the deep disgusting hole you came from.." He says in a voice that is not his own. It's cold, cruel, and completely void of emotion.
John smiles. “Greg and I would like some sandwiches, if that’s okay?” He chuckles.
'Mm you better go get her then. Anthea's just had Mycroft sign the paperwork. Lydia is waiting for you.'
"Mm that's right. Knock Mummy up with all these people watching. You know how easy it is for me to get pregnant when people watch." She purrs, dripping wet around his cock.
John bites and sucks on Sherlock's neck as he fucks him.
"I.. I wanna be good for Daddy.."
Greg smiles softly. Mycroft wakes a bit and looks at them. "What's the matter?" He mumbles. "We're just going for a run. We'll be back before you wake.." Greg hums softly lulling Mycroft back to sleep.
“I don’t understand,” John said. “Sherlock, honestly. I don’t know how to reassure you. I’ll admit, things feel a bit… off somehow. But I expect that’s normal when you’ve been in a hospital bed for a week or more. I’ll be back to helping you on cases before you know it. I’m not worried about that. You don’t need to be, okay?”
Sherlock bites at her neck as he starts to thrust into her, pinning her against the bar.
Cecil pulls him down to lay with him and presses his face to George's chest.
"Do you want to get out and have something to eat?" He smiles softly.
John blushes and whimpers needy as he moves onto his hands and knees presenting his arse to them.
She smiles softly and nuzzles him.
She nods and leads him into the shower.
“Are you certain? If that makes you uncomfortable we don’t have to..”
Sherlock feels himself weakening again, he has never been the best at hunting, and the best he was able to do the past week was rabbits and mice. He keeps his eyes off John, knowing that if he looks at his flatmate, he would get fixated on him blood.
Mycroft rubs his hand as they walk inside.
He chuckles softly and smiles.
John smiles at him. He turns the page of the newspaper and skims picking up bits of gossip and fake news stories.
He blushes and smiles softly.
He moans and holds her close as he fucks her. 'I'll always take care of you all..'
Carol blushes and gasps as she's left with the men, her cunt throbbing and leaking.
"Mm. I wouldn't say our sex is mediocre. I thought I was quite good in bed." He smirks and leans in to kiss him.
He blushes as he strips down to his shirt and pants before climbing into bed with him.
Mycroft smirks, licking his lips as he looks at the bulge in his trousers. “Seems like we’ve got a friend watching us.”
“Easy, baby. Just relax.” Greg slowly pushes all the way into him and stills. Sky whimpers when they don’t move, rubbing her belly to calm the pups.
He cuddles into him and closes his eyes, enjoying the hot spring.
"So good, Daddy. The mix of pain and pleasure. I love it."
"You're so handsome."
He slowly deepens the kiss.
Michael keeps him close, enjoying the closeness.
"I love you, too." She blushes and giggles happily.
"Tell me.. Tell me what you need.."
He kisses him back deeply.
She whines and rocks against his mouth. She takes him all the way down until her nose is pressed to his balls before pulling off to swirl her tongue around the head and going back down again.
Margaret laughs softly and shrugs. “Always have.”
He blushes brighter, standing still as he looks him over.
“Made for it. Made to take your cock.” She whimpers, getting wetter and close to squirting.
Sherlock perks up a bit. "John.."
Crystal moans and squirms, getting wet.
Sky's phone starts ringing. "Mm hello, Veronica." Sky hums. "Mm hello, you sexy bitch." Veronica laughs.
John holds his and rubs his back. "I've got you.. It's safe now.. I've got you.." He kisses his head softly.
John puts a hand on her knee.
He smiles and kisses him deeply.
He smiles and kisses his head.
Clark whimpers. “He can take it.”
Greg moans loudly and comes hard.
John frowns. “Come here, love.” He mumbles and pulls the man into his arms. This has to be his boyfriend. It’s the only thing that explains why he’s so upset.
Udos wakes as he hears the door and carefully climbs out of bed, not to disturb Sherlock, he opens the door just a crack and pokes his head out.
“Yeah alright.” He nods.
"She should be here any minute now." Rosie says, looking up at them. "Why don't you and papa get a coffee, it's going to be a long day. Gina's mom can keep an eye on us."
She cries out and comes hard around him as he marks her, opening her cervix some and letting his cum flow right into her womb. She gasps and whimpers as his cum makes her belly even bigger.
"I love you.." He mumbles against his lips and kisses him softly.
Mirror queen, mannequin, rhythm of love
He smiles happily as they shower.
He hums. "Come eat."
"Yeah." She smiles a bit and nods.
“Look at you. Trained whore. So good as sucking cock. You’re a natural.” He groans and thrusts harder.
Sherlock smiles and nods. "Alright."
"And I'll get better, I will."
Michael only tightens his hold on her.
“A large estate? I don’t know. He didn’t tell me much.” Greg frowns.
"Mm good.. I could always use more kisses." He smiles back.
"I-I'm fine.. U-used to stutter as a kid. I-it's just back.." Greg rubs the back of his neck self consciously.
“And now he has silver in your neck.” Greg hisses. “You better start to grovel.”
"Do you always wear such delicate panties?" She looks up at her and smirks before ripping them off easily with her teeth.
'Daddy..' She kisses him back tenderly.
She smiles softly and kisses him. ‘Your wish is my command.’ She says softly in his head. She starts with his heart. She takes away any blockages and the fluid around it. She strengthens the muscles and chambers. She works on his back next, making sure it won’t give out on him anymore. She finally starts to make him younger. She kisses him softly as his gray hair starts to disappear and his wrinkles smooth. She takes him back to his age when Sherlock was born, around his early thirties. ‘How’s this?’ She whispers in his head, having taken away all the pain and complications of the heart attack.
He sucks on his bottom lip and slips his hand up under his tight shirt.
"After not being close to you two for so long?" Joann asks, shaking her head. "We'd like to stay in the city for a while if that's alright. We'll head home eventually, but don't think for a second we won't be by frequently to spoil our grandchildren."
“DI Lestrade, my name is John Watson. I’m here with Sherlock Holmes and I’m helping him get himself sorted. I assume you’ll be able to take extra supplies without making any arrests?” John says.
He smirks and comes back with the beautiful hand made leather collar. "Only the best for my pet."
**Well meet you guys at the club.—SH**
Sherlock groans and starts thrusting roughly immediately. "Christ.. You feel amazing.."
He kisses him back. “I love you, too.”
"You're fantastic." Greg smiles cheekily and leans against John.
Greg pins Sherlock's wrists above his head and pushes into his mouth as Mycroft fucks him harder and harder.
“Mm she just has you on the edge constantly.” He smirks. “She’s not even here and you’re ready to bust.”
Chris growls and holds Dave as he stands. He presses him back against the wall and fucks him hard. “You can ride me later. We both need this now.” He fucks him hard and fast.
'Of course im in. All of my boys and girls are in as well.' She smirks. 'I passed Carol in the hall. Read her mind. I pushed her up against the wall and ate George's cum out here her cunt right there. She has such a yummy pussy.' She licks her lips.
"You did what you had to do... Didn't you?"
Mycroft hums softly, nodding.
John hums. “I didn’t pick him. He was a sacrificial virgin and he choose to save you himself. He picked us.” He whispers.
He kisses him back and smiles.
“So tell me what we know about the case so far?” John asks and rest his hand on Sherlock’s thigh.
Cecil smirks and turns it on low.
Eli groans and pushes into him.
John moans loudly with each thrust, the swing rocking back against Greg.
He moans loudly and comes down her throat.
John holds him up. "No please don't listen to me. It's not like I'm a doctor or anything." John puts Sherlock's coat over his shoulders and wraps it round him. "I'll give you something to take the edge off when we get home."
Sherlock giggles a bit, from nervousness and excitement. He sits next to John, fidgeting a bit. He doesn’t know what to do.
"Mm.. Okay.. Fight's not until 8.."
He mewls as he feels her fingers. "I.. I want to have a big sensitive clit. And I want my cunt to be able to get wet easily. I want to be able to be fucked like John fucked Carol."
John sighs softly and nods, wrapping it tighter.
Mycroft hums and smiles. "Mm. Morning.."
She blushes and smiles softly.
“To poison them?” John raises a brow.
“Hi, Daddy.” Sherlock hums from the table.
Sabine swallows hard. She wasn't used to such frank kindness. "Thank you." She whispers.
He composed himself before he speaks. "I'm fine, love."
Juliette drives them to the airport and helps them get the bags out of the trunk. "It has been wonderful meeting you both." She murmurs, sincerely. "Please, let me know if I can chauffeur you in the future." Mycroft smiled.
"Mm telling your wife to go see another man. What an unusual order." She hums and smiles.
Sherlock smiled into the kiss, letting John do what he pleased.
He gasps and moans. "Yes.." He rocks into his hand.
Eventually, they're left alone and John immediately crosses the room and wraps his arms around Sherlock. He buries his head in the folds on Sherlock's suit and mutters an apology.
He nuzzles him back happily.
“I’ll let you fuck me whenever you want.” Sherlock nips at his neck, rubbing John’s prostate each go.
“Are you going to keep your cock?” He smirks and strokes him slowly as he rocks into him, hard and deep but so slowly.
He moans and fucks Violet harder. "Always. Want her big."
She takes his hand and follows him.
He moans as he rocks his hips.
"We can have anything here. Anything you can imagine. Anything your heart desires." She kisses his neck.
She smirks and rocks her hips slowly.
Mycroft cries out as he comes hard, forgetting to ask for permission.
She blushes and cuddles into him, feeling better when she finishes. 'Better..'
“Yes, sir. Whatever Daddy and his friends want.”
"Right..yeah, I should probably see if I can get my shifts covered." John says pulling out his phone, "maybe we can just go away for a bit. Recharge as it were."
“Can you get me down?” He blushes.
“I want you naked too.” Sherlock blushes and smiles.
He kisses his forehead. "Feel like you're ready to go back out yet?"
He can't help but break down more at her words. "Everything was going to be okay.. John was going to get better and we were just-- Oh god. John. He doesn't know."
George kisses him hungrily as he strips himself, only pulling back to take his shirt off.
Sherlock gasps and whimpers softly, grinding against him.
“Wow.”
He smiles softly. 'You're so brilliant..'
Collin smiles softly. “Hey.”
Sherlock wrote his number on a napkin and hands it to her. "This is my number. I want you to call me immediately if he comes into contact with you at all. It doesn't matter what time it is, if he speaks to you or tries to contact you, call me and I will come."
Mycroft pushes back from his seat and stands. "I can't believe this." He frowns and pushes his way past Greg's chair and into the loo.
"Even big boys cry sometimes, Danny. Crying doesn't mean you can't be a big boy."
She smiles and relaxes.
“I know I just want his consent.” John says softly before shaking his head. “I didn’t know. But she’s a good girl. Doesn’t your milk affect her like it does the rest of us?” He asks.
He sniffles. "I.. I don't want Benny to be upset.."
She drops the blanket and cuddles into bed with him.
Turk takes off his shirt and trousers, leaving him in just his pants. His body is full of thick scars, scars on top of scars.
He moans and pushes back against her.
The playing slowly picks up, the climax building.
He moans into the kiss and nips at her lip.
. It’s just so much all at once.”
Mycroft helps him stand. "Where is he?" He asked quietly, dangerously.
“Of course, love.” He holds him close.
“Of course.” He smirks, pulling her in by her arse to kiss her.
He takes a while to clam down, still shaking.
"Poor John. Smitten again." James chuckles and kisses his cheek.
Sherlock nods and leaves Camille’s side to pick up Diōnē, “I promised I’ll be here do you, for the rest of eternity.” He says softly.
John falls asleep quickly.
“Why not.” Rob smiles and goes to get the food ready.
“Come. Come for us, darling. We’ll pump you full.” Edgar moans, his cock leaking into Sherlock.
He whimpers and moans, thrusting his tongue.
Mycroft frowns and thinks for a while. “You know me. Before Camille passed. I was.. Different. When a Sire dies all those they turned are depressed and empty for the rest of their lives..” He sighs and drinks. “I met John’s great great great great great grandmother.. She was.. She was my match. And then things went to shit.” He grumbles and drains his glass, filling it again.
He holds her hips and starts to thrust, pushing his cock deep into her.
"If I haven't gotten freaked out by now, I don't think I will." He smiles softly.
"Don't you two look delicious." Greg smirks.
She moans as she rocks her hips a bit, gasping as he pops past her cervix.
"Do you see anything else you'd like?"
He looks up at him as he takes Sherlock all the way down his throat.
He moans loudly and pushes back against him.
She whimpers softly and presses her face to the couch. 'I'd hold your hips tight. I'd moans at how good you taste as I licked and sucked.'
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Mrs Hudson, please just tell me. You know everything about me now. Everything of importance.” He says, squeezing her hand.
I'll make the most of the minutes and love with no regrets
“This castle has seen her fair share of wars. She stood through those and she’ll stand through this one.” Margaret nods before pouring a glass of blood for Sherlock, setting it in front of him.
"I love you, too. So much."  He smiles, still blushing.
Mycroft watches at Greg is reduced to a whimpering mess.
"I love you. I'm here. Always."
John smiles and wraps himself further around Sherlock before falling asleep.
Mycroft hums, looking down at Sherlock. "Look at him, John.. Look at how beautiful he is on his knees.."
“Yeah. But I bet you can’t drink anymore.” Sherlock smirks. “I bet this is your limit.”
He smiles and giggles as his stomach rumbles. "Hungy, hungy!!"
He gets up and stretches, yawning.
John mumbles softly, reaching out for Sherlock as he’s out down on the bed.
"Yes." He blushes.
Her eyes slip closed as she enjoys licking his cock.
“Fineeeee.” She sighs and decides to just go with it.
He smiles and nods.
“That’s true. A nice little round about.” Dominic smiles.
He smirks and pulls him out of the bar. "Let's get a cab."
“If this is your way of apologizing for earlier you don’t need to. I can’t even imagine what a learning curve this all is for you.” Margaret smiles softly.
She hums happily and relaxes.
She blushes as her lips part automatically.
Sherlock slowly lifts his head to find the room in complete darkness, he moans and relaxes, stilling seeing Maggie and John perfectly but the room was so much better.
“So I was right. He is the mob.” John chuckles softly.
She blushes, taking him into her mouth greedily.
John chops while he talks, moving the freshly cubed fruit into a bowl and squeezing some lime juice on them.
He whimpers. "T-Tell me.." He has to sit on his hands to avoid touching himself.
She nods. "How are you?"
He holds him tight and kisses away his tears. "My husband." He giggles giddily.
Mycroft hums. "Impressive."
“Isn’t she so pink and pretty?” Anthea smiles, sitting with Molly.
Carol blushes and nods. "Can't feel anything but pleasure. I don't know what Turk did but if giving birth feels this good I want to be constantly pregnant for sure." She purrs.
Sherlock agreeing comes as a relief, "I'll drop her off at Baker Street Saturday. Does nine work for you?"
He hesitates. "Can I ah.. Can I walk to Myc?" He asks quietly, almost like he's embarrassed.
He frowns a bit and holds her hair back.
She moans and blushes as he puts his hand on her throat.
“Please, sir!”
Mycroft blushes and nods.
Sherlock relaxes against him.
'You're doing all you can. I'm not blaming you.'
"Good boy." He praises. "Pick out the next costume."
Crystal moans her hips faultering as she lets Maggie take control.
He smiles softly and helps him into his pants and trousers. “Hello, darling.” He mumbles and kisses Sherlock’s belly as he buttons Sherlock’s pants.
He nods, fidgeting with his hands a bit. "Can I see him?"
Maximus licks Sherlock's face the next morning to wake him up because he needs to go outside.
"Nasty business."
He leans in and kisses him softly.
“Oh good boy.” He groans and rocks up into him.
Somewhere only we know?
He opens Sherlock’s trousers and strokes him over his pants.
‘Need something?’ She purrs in his head.
“What do you think I’ve been doing for two weeks? Experimenting.”
He smirks and kisses her back deeply before pulling back. "Time to go."
He kisses him back, giving him all his love as well.
He moans around him and takes him down his throat.
"Well what's you hunger level?"
He blushes. "I.. I-In my head.."
Mycroft moans and fucks fucks deeper as Cecil fucks him deeper.
He kisses him back gently.
Chloe helps him clean up, wiping down the table.
She blushes and purrs, arse still in the air.
Sherlock smiles and hugs Mrs Hudson. “You wouldn’t believe me if I told you.” He beams, “but I need to make sure you’re safe.”
George moans loudly as he’s filled, rocking back to keep Greg deep inside him.
He groans. "Course I do. Christ have you seen all their cocks? Greg's got a big one too. Can't say I haven't thought about that."
“Alright. Hurts.” Sky smiles. “This is Dark. He’s going to be coming home with us.”
Sherlock whimpers and looks back at him, his cock leaking.
"Mm I have to go over seeing the set up for my fashion show tomorrow so I'm out." Veronica hums. "Have you guys ever raced in the desert?" Eli grins.
“If Mycie says so.” Shelrock smiles softly.
Mycroft smiles and sets his phone down. "Hey, Gregory.."
He kisses his chest softly.
She cries out and comes hard, squirting around him.
Mycroft moans and brings his hands up to Morna’s breasts. He plays with them, squeezing and pinching and rolling them in his hands, until milks comes out. He looks up at Morna and blushes.
She rocks back into him, whimpering and whining needy.
He blushes and hides his face in Sherlock's coat.
Greg kisses his head and hums contently. Lydia comes in and reads over Sherlock's chart. "I think it's time we change your bandages." She signs and smiles at Sherlock.
He whimpers, the cock ring stopping him from coming.
He mewls and turns a bit to kiss Sherlock.
“Mm yeah..” She nods sleepily.
He mewls and whimpers softly, slowly relaxing against her.
“If it is to be repaired, it must be repaired by Kintsugi. Do people still do that?” Camille asks.
John smirks, "Is that your saying you want me to text you?"
Bruce moans against her, bringing his hand up to press on her belly, moaning in delight as more cum gushes out of her.
He licks his lips and smirks, crawling onto the bed. He leans in and kisses her deeply, pressing his cock against her.
He blushes and smiles softly.
He groans and comes hard into him.
He cries out as he comes hard into her hand.
"I love you so much."
She trembles as she comes hard.
He leans up to kiss him.
"No not at all. Why would I be mad at you?"
"Of course, love."
She whines as he drags it out, taking little sips.
Greg moans and pushes deeper as he comes hard into her.
‘Alright. I trust you.’ He hums softly.
“No I’m not using. It was a broach. If I explain it to you, I would have to kill you.” Sherlock explains. “You can test me for drugs.” He says, opening his arms wide.
Things are slowing down here, which is both good and bad. I enjoy not having to shout at my recruits day in and day out. They all know better by now. I haven't had to shout in three days. But, the downtime means I sit around twisting my ring on my finger, missing you both.
He holds his hand and rubs his thumb over his knuckles.
John smirks and squeezes his arse as they go up.
He moans loudly and bucks his hips.
‘I’ve nothing to say.’ Crystal him in his head softly.
When they reach the family room, Greg is getting dressed while John and Mycroft were sleeping.
He cuddles into him and kisses along James' neck.
Maggie moans happily and kisses Crystal back, melting against her. She reaches under her big belly and pushes two fingers into her.
“Tease.” John chuckles.
He blushes as he watches Greg strip, getting wetter.
"Why not?"
He moans loudly, Sam’s thrust making him buck into Carol.
“There’s nothing we can do to help her?”
"Yes, sir! Please, just let me come. I'll fill her up."
Greg's tears spill over and rush down his cheeks.
He holds him as he sleeps waiting for Greg's call.
“Go find someone else to fill you and they’ll push a bigger plug into you.” Jake smirks.
He chuckles and kisses him again.
He leaves more marks, getting close.
There were people scattered everywhere, some sitting at the bar. Others on chairs and couches. One man in particular sat in a large high back chair and watches the room, untouched drink in his hand.
She whimpers and comes hard around him, gushing around his knot.
"I've got a bad shoulder from a gunshot wound and a few other places with scars but they shouldn't be a bother." John says as he looks around the room. "Sherlock might be a different story.”
She giggles and smiles happily. “Good.” She cuddles into her and relaxes.
He smiles and kisses Jared’s head softly. “Very good.”
"Mm do you want to ride me or should I fuck you into oblivion?" He smirks and rubs his prostate.
“Please please. Need it.” She begs.
"Glad to hear that I'm the only one you need. Your arse is perfect. Absolutely perfect. It's always so tight for me, no matter how many times I've entered you."
“Poor thing..” Margaret frowns.
"I love the way you feel. Prefect. So prefect."
“Then call some of your old contacts and send them here.” She sighs.
He hums and nuzzles him back.
John sets a punishing pace. "Is this what you want? You want me to fuck you hard? To use you as the cock slut you are for me?" He bites his neck.
"I know he is but Maximus also needs to learn that Sherlock is his protector. He needs to learn to do what Sherlock says so he can be safe and happy. Like how you listen to your mummy and daddy. They want you to be happy and safe so they teach you rules. That's what Sherlock is doing to help Maximus be the best good boy he can be."
“Crystal. Every human owes her their life. If it wasn’t for her you all would have been wiped out by plagues and war.” Sherlock frowns.
He takes a breath. “Thank you for telling us.”
Greg hums softly as he looks at Mycroft bookshelf. He sees encyclopedias, classics, and some well hidden erotica. He smirks and bites his lip.
“Daddy.” Carol whines and rocks her hips needy. “That’s cheating.”
Mycroft frowns at his limp and sighs, guilt sweeping through him.
“Yeah?” Mycroft rubs Sherlock’s thigh.
“Gorgeous.” John smiles softly, wiping him clean.
Sherlock smiles, “may I hug you Lydia?” He asks, opening his arm wide.
Greg lifts one of Sherlock's legs over his shoulder and takes his other leg wrapping it around his waist. He rocks his hips moving in and out of him.
"Mm.. I love you." He smiles and kisses her back.
The others soon move in to hug her.
“Things have been a bit to hectic here to grieve so I’ll do that some other time.” The doctor shakes their head.
He hums. "Guess our boys found a way to make money even in retirement."
He blushes at the praise.
Until the demons that you're scared of disappear inside
He laughs and tries to wiggle away.
She whimpers and grinds against him. "I want you to fuck me.."
Sherlock nuzzles John.
"Mm she's always so desperate for your cock." Eli smirks.
He chuckles and smiles happily.
Mycroft smiles and puts his hand on Crystal’s back. “You really are full of surprises.”
He whimpers as he sits, the plug pressing into him more.
The tiger purrs softly, tail swinging slowly.
He throws his head back and moans as Mycroft rocks his hip. "I.. I'll try to make you come. I want to make you come." Greg nods vigorously.
He blushes as he lets go of her head. “Sorry.”
Greg grins. "Brilliant. Everyone else okay with it?"
"We find him and fucking end this."
"I'm glad you like it. We can come back later but for now I need to get Ada walking."
“Oh believe me. As soon as I’m healed I’ll make good on all this teasing if you want it.” John kisses his forehead.
Sherlock nips at John's ear and mutters softly. "Tell Greg that he is not to come until we all have.."
"I love you."
He bites his lip and nods, pulling him to the water line.
"God yes." He moans loudly and rolls them over so Sherlock can ride him.
Sky goes to her room with them and gets up on the bed, feeling heavy.
"We'll get you something to eat and some meds. After I'll give you a back rub." She smiles softly and takes his hand.
John’s cock twitches with interest. “Never? Has he been with a man?”
"I.." He blinks for a moment then shakes his head. "Not today, babe.. I actually want you to remember the first time I fuck you." He hums.
Anthea takes her time drinking, letting her strength come back.
"So handsome." He says softly and kisses his head before washing his hair.
She blushes and mewls at the praise, dripping around his cock.
Mycroft moans and continued to pull on his nods, wanting to touch Crystal.
His breath hitches as she brushes his nipples.
He comes down a moment later, fastening his cufflinks and trying to smooth down his hair.
He gasps and whimpers, spreading his legs wider. "A-Ahh.."
"Yeah?" Zack moans. Sky smirks as Chloe gets wetter around her fingers.
“Definitely not. Stiff upper lip and all that.” Sherlock nods, discreetly still wiping away tears.
“I’m going to make you lick up that mess.”
we're looking for."
He nods. “Lay down and spread your legs for me.”
“Still they’d be stupid not to keep you.” Greg nods.
Later, as John is taken from surgery to recovery, Sherlock paces, itching for a cigarette.
Sherlock's eyes widen as they all start to move.
“Gorgeous. So handsome. Look at you. My silver fox. I love seeing you like this. Relaxed and open.” She purrs, feeling his cock leak against her thigh.
"Mm probably one of the wisest things you've ever said, Myc.." Sherlock hums as he looks through the open accounts.
He smirks and pushes into her.
"I love you, too, My."
“Alright.” John nods and leads Sherlock out.
“What’s wrong?”
“Good.” Sky leads him out of the hospital.
He moans loudly as he tugs his hair, his cock leaking.
He hums happily and cuddles him.
“Is there anything I could do to convince you to try it out?” Carol purrs.
He keeps one hand on John’s cock, stroking his, as he steps around and spanks his arse hard.
Mycroft kisses him back happily. "Of course, love."
He moans into the kiss and comes hard around him.
He smiles softly and watches him.
'You miss this place..' She says softly.
Slowly one of the Gods swims over, He is extremely muscular and broad, looking more like a house than a person. “Sherlock, isn’t it?” He asks. “My name’s Udos.”
Anthea smirks and moves to kiss her as she thrusts her fingers quickly. "Come for me, love.."
He squirms as his body is overwhelmed, his hands reaching for his cock.
Morgan and Wanda cuddle him.
Maximus looks around excitedly and wags his tail happily. "Sky!" Nigel come over. "Hello, Nigel. Ready to be a father again for the forth time?" Sky smiles. "Of course." He smiles and leads them to Ada.
John's gaze flickers to the front door as he hears footsteps coming up the stairs. "Yoohoo! Boys?" Mrs. Hudson calls. "In the kitchen Mrs. H.." John answers. She comes in carrying a large tin of biscuits. "Well don't you just have a full house today.." She smiles. John smiles and nods.
"I love you, too bee. So much." He grins.
"Let's see if they want something to eat, shall we?" He smiles and nuzzles him.
"It'll be fine. They want you. It'll work out."
She hums happily and nuzzles him.
He hums as Dark nuzzles against him in his sleep.
"You like him, don't you?" Jean hums quietly so Jacob doesn't hear.
He smirks and spanks him again, harder than the last.
Sherlock nods, as the coven agree. “Do you have a limit? Any hard no’s?” He asks.
John nods and follows him up.
Juliette smiles winningly. "English?" She asks. "It is very nice to meet you." She opened the limousine door for them. "I am taking you to Secret de Paris, yes?" At the affirmation, she smiles, nods and gets in the driver's seat.
Sky frowns a bit and leans against him. She bites her lip and tries to suppress the urge to get high.
He whimpers and nods, scrambling to sit on his leg, already rutting against him.
"Getting there." Sherlock smirks slightly. "I'm only in my sheet."
“Because we don’t need them. The coven is our family. In the old days we only used men to have children and grow the coven. Unless they really liked the man.” Margaret hums.
"God.. Yes, John.. Please! I need to feel you.. Christ, please!"
"Mm, such a good girl.."
Mycroft smiles fondly and takes the clothes. "I'm afraid she does. Her punctuality astounds even me."
