“So would you do that for me?” I asked, leaning back in my designated chair in her flat. She’d assigned me a chair after the first few times I turned up soaking wet.
“That’s not a bad title,” I replied, going along with relief. “If our situations were reversed, you’d have published ‘My flatmate is a werewolf’ or something equally inane and sensational.” A smile danced on my lips.
Sherlock looked him up and down. “You travel a lot, and you don’t really have a lot of money, but you get by. You used to have a lot of prestige, but you’ve got a demotion of sorts. You have a girlfriend who evidently likes to get frisky, you have some experience with weapons, and you have a bit of a temper – no, a
). I was glad the issue had been explained, though I would have to telegraph it to the younger brother without the older one knowing.
Even flooded with giddy joy and admiration, I still had the presence of mind to keep our path as far from the busier roads as possible. It wouldn’t really do to scare random civilians, and to a stranger, John looked a fearsome thing, but I found him wonderful, even like this. Still, I knew him.
I understood what he was asking at once; he was asking if I had enough control of my wolf to leave me alone with the Holmes brothers without any dire consequences. I shook my head. He shifted obligingly and we were all three in place before Mycroft opened the door; the humans in their respective chairs and Skye with his head resting in Sherlock’s lap.
Waking up in Sherlock's bed the morning after my fourth and last transformation of the month wouldn't have been a problem. Waking up in Sherlock's bed after some erotic dreams that starred him (dreams, surely,
I intentionally stretched the Kitty Riley scenes because John is on hyper-alert, he's aware, he remembers, while at the end he was fuzzy from grief and something else (spoilers that I won't say), which meant that he couldn't relate the story properly.
“If you'd rather have a different menu tonight, buy whatever you want, though I'd advise you to keep it meat-based,” my friend suggested. Skye agreed. “Wolves are carnivores, and though Ayhan werewolves are omnivorous I don’t think British werewolves have the stomach. It’s a culture thing. Just stick to protein.”
Chaos erupted – Sher and I chased him up the stairs, Phoenix tossed Skye the folder, and Skye blinked awake. Before I knew it I was trapped in the darkness of Aleksandr’s vacuum again, just the thought of John Watson.
“He died because I shook his hand.” My mind, sharpened by adrenaline, raced to the conclusion. He wasn’t shot until after he took my hand – he’d been interacting with me for a good ten seconds before he was shot. That meant it wasn’t getting near me that was the problem – it was actually interacting with me.
Sherlock started, then looked at Phoenix with surprise. The ginger shrugged. “I’ve been told I don’t look gay. I’ve been told I don’t look demisexual either. Are you going to help me or not?”
I tried not to blush again. “Well, you’re welcome. And you really do understand how Sherlock works if you know a good case is the best way to thank him,” I joked.
I’d thought the wolf would be afraid of the lights or something, as most wolves are timid creatures, but Small Wolf seemed perfectly at home, dashing up the fire escape and snapping to be let in. With a sigh, Sherlock let him in. Small Wolf was really not very small at all – he made the flat suddenly seem a size smaller.
, also known as monkshood or wolfsbane. It was a perfectly lethal poison for regular humans, if thought to cure lycanthropy. After all, though he was a werewolf, John was a human. If it didn’t kill him, I doubted it would cure his condition. Unfortunately, I had no evidence for or against the latter claim, as my only reliable authority had taken to clearing out during these talks of remedies.
He planted that doubt in her head; that little nagging sensation. You’re going to have to be strong to resist. You can’t kill an idea, can you? Not once it’s made a home
which was of course insensitive and utterly off the mark. It didn’t matter whether he did or didn’t look gay, it mattered that he clearly
The attackers were fierce, being just as much werewolf as I was, but I had something to fight for besides money. Breaking their bones mercilessly and leaving them whining on the floor, I enjoyed only the hum of adrenaline and the thrum of fighting for something right. I missed my fangs acutely, wishing I could slash them open like Phoenix was likely doing.
I tried not to show my surprise at being called John’s pack. “I’m pack to him? I rather thought non-werewolves became outliers.”
“Nah. He just masquerades as one because it’s less dangerous that way. People like him,” and here his face darkened, “scare a lot of average people who’ve only heard rumours and old wives’ tales about what they can do.” He chuckled. “Even I was a little afraid of Phoenix when I found out what he was.”
Aleksandr rolled his eyes. “I came here because I’m the informant and I couldn’t find anyone to report to back in RJ and Phoenix’s flat.” The young king raised an eyebrow at them. “You know, you two, when you’re waiting for an informant to report to you, you usually stay in a place they can find you.”
“No, Dr. Watson. You let me in last night, remember?” The young man blurred out of sight, and in his place sat the golden wolf we’d allowed in last night. Sherlock let out a strangled exclamation and almost fell over backwards. The wolf blurred back into the young man. “There. You know me. I’m safe.”
“He’s dead,” Skye stated. “I saw him die in front of me. There was no way he could’ve survived that – his head was literally blown to pieces. There’s something fishy going on and I want to know what it is. Find that man you met and bring him to me. The moment I see him I’ll know.”
It seemed I’d got his attention, though, since he poked himself out of the kitchen rebelliously. “How can I trust it, Sherlock, it's –”
Phoenix I briefly considered as an asset or a colleague in the destruction of the web, but in the end there were too many cons to his involvement to be able to bring him in: he had a job (workable), he wasn’t very well-versed in agent work (not so much workable), and his resources were severely limited (huge con, not workable at all). Skye would presumably be an asset as well, but given that he was a werewolf with very eclectic interests and ambiguous motives I decided against trusting him far enough to tell him, let alone to save my life should I end up in a desperate situation.
“Oi!” I tried to keep the growl out of my voice. Sadly I failed, but Skye seemed unfazed. “I should be back with a progress report from them in a few hours. In the meantime, don’t look for me. I’ll be in the undercity, and that’s not a nice place to be when you’re a new werewolf.”
Plausible enough, I decided, supported by all the known data, and verifiable enough through experimentation.
Since Sherlock was asleep, I wasn’t covered in blood, and it didn’t look like we’d done anything other than crash on the couch, I wasn’t unduly alarmed. I disentangled myself from my flatmate (whose arms were much more comfortable than they had any right to be) and headed for the bathroom. It wouldn’t do to have Skye wake up and find me like that.
like the death of his mate being mocked like that. Its hackles rose angrily. Skye gave me a kind look. “They’re still boys, and they forget things like that.”
“You don’t have to – to think like that, Sherlock. You don’t have to do any of this,” he countered. Why didn’t he see how very necessary he was? I wasn’t being – God forbid –
I jumped to my feet, the epiphany shining bright in my mind. John’s wolf was a manifestation of his instincts and his desires. The wolf blocked him out when it was inconvenient to have to deal with John’s protests or discomfort. However, when even the conscious mind agreed wholeheartedly with the proceedings, the subconscious saw no reason to exclude it entirely from events.
“And there’s that,” RJ said. “Sherlock, I’m sorry. I’ll explain. Phoenix and I have powers that lie mostly in the invisible plane of existence; that’s why it’s so easy to pass off as normal. Reyalon, on the other hand, might be slightly telepathic, but his main power is noctokinesis.”
In the stress-filled month we’d had, John and I hadn’t laughed together even once. Laughing with his wolf was almost the same, and I wished John wasn’t so obsessed with trying to shrink-wrap him and keep him away from everybody. He was hardly a dangerous creature.
Ooh. Unexpected development, right there, blipping away at me. “Bravo, John.” I flashed him a smile. “I didn’t expect you to catch that.” Lie detector? Hm. That could potentially be useful, to both me and John. Hopefully that ability made him think better of his other half.
“Both of them have seen death before, even the deaths of loved ones. Phoenix’s buried his father and RJ’s been a first-hand witness to the brutal murder of his sister. They forget that this is your first time seeing a death like that.” The wolf, appeased somewhat, receded, and I noticed that the two little gits were no longer in the room.
The words stuck in my throat even as my damnable pounding heart threatened to push them out for me. I quickly weighed the risks and benefits – John would likely never know about this conversation and the wolf would remain happy – and I gulped down some tea. “It – it’s not just that,” I confessed, choking on the lump of feelings in my chest.
“I’m a fake” – “Shut up, Sherlock, shut up” – “It’s all a trick, just a magic trick” – “Hoi, stop it now” – “This phone call, it’s my note” – “Please, Sher. Don’t do this” –
“If you could be conscious of the wolf’s actions all the time, would you want to do it?” I asked then. “When you were aware of the wolf’s actions, was it better than being unaware of them?”
I was thinking of Mrs. Hudson. The poor woman, no matter how much she dealt with Sherlock’s experiments and body parts in the fridge and random shooting practices, would probably have a heart attack to discover this huge muscled mass of bristling gold-and-silvery-white fur and sharp canine teeth on her doorstep. “No,” he decided.
Somewhat reassured by Sherlock’s catatonia and my calmness, the consulting criminal scrubbed his face and slid down to the floor. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry.” He gestured to Sherlock beseechingly. “He paid me. I needed the work. I’m an actor. I was out of work. I’m sorry, okay?”
“You clearly want to,” he pointed out. “Your pupils are dilated. You’ve been courting me all day.” The spark in his eyes was wild, so
Phoenix bounded down the stairs, wearing his coat and a smooth black derby hat with a band of red plaid that matched his tie. The four of us leapt up and spilled downstairs, tugging on hat, coats, and scarves (in Sherlock’s case) and marching outdoors for the first round of data-gathering.
. I can rally the ones near Northumberland Street.” He turned to us. “You two, you’re coming. No arguments! John needs to get used to having other wolves around.”
the wolf snarled, and once again I completely agreed. I bared my teeth and a growl erupted from my throat.
His smile coaxed one out of me. “I’ve been called a madman so many times even I can’t keep count, and I know I’m a bit crazy, but even I’m not that self-destructive.” Maybe to complete the moment, maybe just because I wanted to say it fearlessly, I said, “I love you, John.”
But Sherlock was very clearly sulking and hurt that his brother had told me the story of the childhood dog. Suddenly his words of the afternoon before made sense (
In the immediate aftermath of the battle, the ginger and I stood in the midst of at least a dozen injured criminals, all groaning or whimpering. Then we exchanged nods and ran to our respective rescues, me to Sherlock, and him to the mousy-haired huddle in the corner that was presumably RJ.
miss Moriarty, and apparently it was all I asked. Reasonable, in a way, since this month he'd been so focused on me, and I was afraid that he regretted that choice. These past four weeks had only seen cases he’d normally have spurned as too easy – not quite Bluebell level, but some came quite close. Skye had actually offered to introduce a friend of his who was like Sherlock himself, but I had gotten a bit restless at the mention of him and Sherlock had refused.
, the wolf growled inside me – and for once, I heard him) chained and bleeding – they were filming what happened, the bastards – my inner beast took the lead.
As soon as we’d busted through the warehouse doors John was dragging me along with him, and it had only taken him one sniff at the wrappers to realise they’d been poisoned, though he hadn’t known what with. He was the first to find the kids, focused on saving lives before solving the case. I had been sniffing at the wrappers when his cry of ‘Here!’ sent all the officers pelting in his direction.
Finally the full moon was upon us. That afternoon, I caught John staring at his gun. (I may or may not have invaded his bedroom.) Skye was in voluntary wolf form and was rubbing up against him comfortingly. I had to admit I wasn’t threatened by the Pup’s presence. He made decent food and tea (though he didn’t get the principle of drinking it at all) and didn’t disturb me in my mind palace,
In burst a youngish man who looked older than both Phoenix and Skye. The only thing I could see before unconsciousness flooded my body like a drug was the surprise and horror in indigo eyes.
In the end, I agreed. There was nothing now that I would like better than to be reunited with my mate, and if trusting his brother was the way to go, I didn’t give a toss. Sherlock was gone and there wasn’t really much I could do anymore. Mycroft was with the government – if he got me running dangerous errands on behalf of Queen and country, I’d agree with a smile and hope it was deadly. Not just for the adrenaline; maybe I’d be offed somewhere in Hungary by a particularly merciful criminal.
Phoenix and RJ jumped in as soon as Skye’s outburst abated some; they pulled him off, but not before he managed one more kick to Aleksandr’s ribs and a broken, “You
Wolf-John expressed pleasant surprise. I don’t think he thought me capable of such ‘thoughtfulness’, as he termed it – or even cooking at all. Soon, though, he shocked me in turn.
John.” My voice rose in indignation even as hot tears prickled at my lashes: tears of a wounded pride and a wounded heart. “Not gay, remember?”
didn't want to sleep with me, he'd always been more than explicit about that, and I couldn't do that to him.
With a sharp look at Sherlock, Reyalon stood up and said in Canar, “I’ll reach you with the details later. I need to go.” He gave me one last guilty glance and dashed out the door. RJ chuckled. “He means sorry. And I’m sorry about that, Sherlock, John. I just thought you’d like the info first-hand.”
like me, though I found out later she’d quickly gotten over her attraction the first time I played on it to get her to do me a favour. (Just like with Mycroft, we carried on as a sort of smokescreen. I did like her immensely; if one got past the insipid musicals and romcoms she was actually a very intelligent girl.)
Fire turned to liquid, and he studied me a little sadly before releasing me. “You really don't want it, not like that,” he acknowledged, his lips drawing in a thin line. “Alright, Sherlock. I will respect your wishes.”
It didn’t turn out to be a nightmare. Of course not. Just my luck. I had to point it out the following morning, panic in my voice. “Sherlock. I've got the scar.”
I sighed with relief and – oh, recognition. John’s patience soaked through those words so thoroughly I could almost believe it was my flatmate and not his wolf talking.
“Oh come now, John,” he chuffed. “Don’t be stupid. That’s not the problem here.” I looked at him as he shifted from foot to foot. “The problem is: that man you met could
“Yes, the case isn’t over yet,” I snapped. Bastards destroyed my case web; pity, I’d have to make it again. “Could you tell Phoenix to come over here and help?”
he died. It was blank, fuzzy, a haze of a field beyond a rainy window. A vague feeling of grief and loss pervaded the space in my mind where the memories should’ve been, but there were no memories.
The wolf must have taken my silence as tacit consent, because he was suddenly leaning over me, clasping my wrists and looking at me intently. Oh God those eyes – I derailed that train of thought, but I knew from my once-again accelerated pulse that my attraction was making itself known very flagrantly.
I looked back for only a few seconds before being yanked up by John. The fourth shot had been Skye’s, it was straight through the man’s forehead: an exact shot. Skye had been sprint-level running when the shot was fired, he couldn’t have been any less than twenty paces away from us. A twenty-pace shot, in the dark, while running?
But I still hated it. I hated that the psychotic bastard was Sherlock's epitome of a tempting case. I let out a feral growl, for once conscious of what was happening. Perhaps because tonight would be a full moon too and the wolf was close to the surface. Or it might be because I agreed perfectly with my inner wolf. If Moriarty came back, I would happily do away with my humanity for a while and just rip him apart. I somehow doubted that his snipers were equipped with silver bullets.
A sinking horror settled into my stomach and fear threatened to spill out of my throat. Terror curled its tendrils around me and clouded my brain even as I hailed a cab back to Bart’s.
“What else can I do, Sherlock?” he asked, letting his defeat colour his voice. He turned to the dusky-gold wolf beside him. “You have any alternatives, Skye?”
“Here, look at this.” Strangely enough, he only panicked for about a second before the device pinged again.
“It’s an instinct,” Skye had explained. “In Ayha, werewolves revert to their basest and most primal senses, and even those include pack protectiveness. It’s a long shot, but it could work.”
I nodded, feeling just the tiniest bit mollified. This way, I reasoned, I could work through Sherlock’s death without the trauma of the nightmarish scene flashing at me every which way. I already had PTSD!
Sitting down in my chair, I flashed Aleksandr the briefest of toothed grins to show him that Skye was part of my pack and I wouldn’t tolerate anything hostile towards him.
German lore says that to survive meeting a werewolf you have to call his name three times and he'll turn back into a man. Danish legends say to scold the werewolf if you meet one. Just that.
“Oh, I'm sure I could find something,” he said, sniffing loudly. I had to remind myself that this was still John, even should their personalities prove disparate. This was still my flatmate, however far removed he was from the forefront of that wolfish mind.
I dressed and came downstairs, where Skye was waiting on the sofa, perched in his usual position, and Phoenix had taken the liberty of taking Sherlock’s chair and dozing in it.
If he was Sherlock he would have rolled his eyes and spat out that being deliberately obtuse didn’t suit me. As it was, the contempt in the slow blink of his eyes and the shift of his shoulders was enough. “I know what I saw, Dr. Watson,” he said. “It was most definitely a dog – joined by another for a short time, at that.” He turned to Sherlock. “Was it wise, brother mine?”
The reason for my fast-beating heart quickly changed from desire to terror. He was too close, too fast, and all I could think of was John: John’s disgust, John’s
“He was working on a time crunch, since he had less than a minute before your brain shut down all conscious work and he didn’t want to wake you up again. So he chose the first rare phrase he could find.” Phoenix bit his lip apologetically – that boy was inventing whole new ways to bite one’s lip!
I calmed down, but only a fraction, more because of his tone than for his lies. I called him out on them, grumbling, “Oh no. he'll be back for you. Of course he will. And you'll love it again.” I had never complained about it before, but it didn't mean that I loathed it any less.
It turned out that while the wolves near Lexington were the ones to snatch Hawthorne, they weren’t the ones to either leak the information or detain him. Sherlock and Phoenix were hot on the trail at once, their combined energy burning through the pathways. Skye was their sniffer dog; with a collar around his neck he blended easily into the London scene – unnoticed, unheard, and untraceable – able to follow up clues with the barest hint of instructions.
I’d brought my camera phone with me, and I took some pictures of Wolf-John, who consented without a huff. I figured John would want to see what he looked like as a transformed wolf.
Sitting atop the pile of peelers, graters, rubber tubing, and rusty forceps was a box of nicotine patches.
“Other people were involved, and those people had genders, but what you’re implying isn’t— I don’t involve myself in romantic entanglements. They’re a distraction from my work.”
“No, of course not. He did it for control over Merryweather’s life — the most dangerous thing you can ever give a faerie. But Merryweather got nearly thirty years of borrowed time, so not a terrible bargain, I suppose.”
John froze. He felt something cold and dark slide up from his stomach to press against his diaphragm.
“Rarely,” said Sherlock, still staring at the photos with his arms crossed over his chest. “I used to — to make the time pass — but I slept for a year once, and… I didn’t like it.”
The face gave a slow nod. “Nasty business. You were injured.” The face tilted again. “But not the leg — your shoulder.”
John nodded. “You are a madman, and a bit of an arrogant prick.” Sherlock’s eyes widened in outrage, and John smiled at him. “And a genius, and kind-hearted—”
John was standing two steps higher than Sherlock, but he still had to go up on his toes to place his mouth against Sherlock’s.
“A walk it is then,” and with that, Sherlock went to the closet and pulled out a dark, woollen trench coat and a shorter, more military-style jacket which he offered to John.
By then, it was nearly dark, and it finally occurred to him that he had a mobile now — a hand-me-down from his sister. He pulled it out of his trouser pocket and pressed the button to turn it on. The device was nearly three-quarters charged, but it had no bars. He opened his contacts and thumbed Harry’s name anyway — nothing.
Unable to stop his heart, Sherlock had tried to stop his lungs, and that had pissed Moriarty off. Whatever Sherlock had felt the need to escape, it wasn’t true suffering as far as Moriarty was concerned.
“It’s useless. My heart doesn’t beat, so it can never fill with blood. My kidneys don’t even function, so it’s useless for that too. It’s just this monstrous thing I have to carry around with me, and it serves no purpose other than to mock me.”
“No,” said Sherlock. “And even if I had…” He appeared to be weighing several alternatives for ending that sentence. “…it wouldn’t have been worth the trouble.”
The spray was just a little warmer than usual tonight and he lingered under it for a bit before he remembered that he’d promised to meet Sherlock at three. He hadn’t looked at the clock when he got up, but he usually woke pretty close to the witching hour. He cut off the water and stepped out, setting his feet on the fresh bathmat.
“Then you lay your hands gently on them, petting them, soothing them. You run your hands down my body — exploring.”
after 132 years.” Sherlock sat up in his chair. “Why do you think it’s there, John? It’s there to remind me that it exists and I can’t have it. No matter how much
“Good. That should be starting any minute now. Being sick and alone isn’t bad enough, I guess. I get to have my period too.”
“The fog is always here…” She trailed off as she became preoccupied with figuring out how to get the kettle started. John stood back up and went to her. He showed her how to fit the kettle onto its base and flipped the switch.
That was… a lot to process. That Sherlock would give up the comfort of sleeping away part of his… sentence so that Mrs. Hudson wouldn’t be frightened — and it must have been frightening, since Sherlock didn’t even breathe most of the time and probably not at all when he slept — that said something.
“You said you’d rub yourself against me,” John reminded Sherlock before going back to teasing his nipple.
And John couldn’t remember ever experiencing anything as purely sensual as Sherlock’s hands mapping his body.
“Of course,” he said absently, as if his half of the conversation no longer occupied his mind at all.
“Yeah, I remember.” said John, touching Sherlock’s cheek and scratching the skin at the base of Sherlock’s horn again.
John filled Sherlock’s lungs again. How long could he keep this up? He pulled his mobile out of his pocket. No bars, of course. He might have them on the stairs, but who would breathe for Sherlock?
“I had no idea,” said John. “I had to work it out over your unconscious body while the pocket dimension was collapsing around me.”
“I want to see you.” John ran his hand down Sherlock’s torso, down under the blanket, until he reached the line where skin became a dense coat of hair.
“Like this.” He brought the head of Sherlock’s cock into contact with his own and slid them against each other.
“John.” Sherlock’s voice came from just in front of him and to his right. “Spread your legs… er, please.”
He was running again. There was the intersection, and there was Baker Street — bright and busy with mid-morning traffic.
The husband told the authorities that his wife was “prone to odd flights of fancy,” which John thought was rich coming from a guy who had wandered off from his home near the Gulf of Mexico only to end up in Saskatchewan four months later.
“The baby was not much to look at, and certainly not personable, but he was smart – Yes, by my standards – so he had that going for him.
John turned and strode to the kitchen. He threw the vial as hard as he could into the cast-iron sink, smashing it into a thousand shards.
Now, as he sat down at the only clear spot on the kitchen table with his mug of tea and his buttered toast, his cane dangling from the edge of the table to his right, he wondered if Sherlock was planning to just exile himself to the back of the flat for the duration of John’s stay.
Sherlock had probably always stood out — taller than average, with an unusual, but attractive face. It was telling what Moriarty had chosen to either leave alone or exaggerate.
, John thought. “I used to enjoy it, you know, back in uni, when I had to write a paper… or something. And the house tends to give me things it thinks I’ll like.” John blushed, remembering the dildo.
“I have no doubt that you can,” said John. “But I think having some furniture under us would still be more practical.”
John busied himself in the kitchen, making tea and heating up a tin of soup, but by the time he went to check on Harry, she was lying on top of her covers, fast asleep. She barely woke as John manoeuvred her under the blankets and tucked her in.
“Until you walked into this flat, John, I thought the second option only slightly more likely than the first.”
It couldn’t have been for John tonight though. It was too quiet. This lonely, yearning music hadn’t been meant for his ears.
Sherlock smiled. “Or…” he returned to the kitchen as dramatically as he’d vacated it. John had to hop aside as Sherlock practically dove for the second drawer from the bottom.
“Magic. Someone got that chain around his neck and used it to distract him from a spell that caused the shutdown of most of his internal organs.”
She’d gone to her GP when her fever hit 39 and she couldn’t hold anything down. The GP had her admitted because of severe dehydration.
The giant bed was gone. There was a wardrobe, a table, a single brass bed, and a coal-burning fireplace in the corner.
Sherlock nodded. “I realised on the second day that the magic in the pocket dimension was running out, and nothing was replacing it. I tried to get a message to you, John, but the crystals in my telephone had already been depleted. All I could do was to eke out the remaining magic until you returned and hope that you were finally ready to break the curse.”
The toaster popped. John leaned over and squeezed Sherlock’s shoulder before going to get his breakfast.
Mrs. Hudson went to the refrigerator and removed a small dish with some sliced lemon on it. She slipped one of the slices into her own cup, then poured tea over it. She sat down opposite John and took a sip.
“I’m a conglomeration of beasts, all meant to humiliate me,” he explained, indicating his figure with a theatrical sweep of his arm. “I’m being punished, you know.”
“My reputation has preceded me?” asked John, shaking Mycroft’s hand firmly, but not hard enough as to seem insecure.
“He promised to ‘burn the heart out of me.’ I can merely speculate as to his exact meaning. However, I can say that he would allow that route only after he was sure I’d suffered adequately.”
“I think it’s safe to say that I’ve never had a patient present quite like you,” said John, chuckling.
“How do you think I found you a pair of jeans and that shirt, not to mention clean knickers?” He handed her the pyjama bottoms along with a purple t-shirt.
Sherlock sighed. “A faerie can imbue an object with a spell keyed to a certain word of power, and the person who wishes to use the spell says that word and the spell goes off.”
The base of his skull felt hot and he could almost see the brightness of the rage lurking there, singing to him. Seducing him.
This morning, however, Sherlock was nowhere to be seen. John filled the kettle and wished for a bit of currant jam for his toast. He found it in the cupboard next to the tea tin.
He pictured Sherlock in silhouette — human-sized and dwarfed by his dressing-gown — swaying with the music he was making.
John has a nightmare that's sexual in nature, so -- some sexually violent imagery.  John and Sherlock discuss the sorts of punitive measures that were taken against men who were caught having sex with other men in the Victorian era.  Blood, beatings, and attempted rape by deception are also mentioned.
John ran his hands down the lapels of Sherlock’s dressing gown until he found the belt tying it shut. He fumbled with the bow for a moment, but finally figured it out. He laid his hands on Sherlock’s chest and pushed the robe open a little before reaching under it and skating his hands along Sherlock’s ribcage until his arms were mostly under the dressing gown, his hands pressing into the flesh of Sherlock’s waist. He tucked his forehead against Sherlock’s shoulder and breathed. As he’d predicted, the garment had trapped some of the scent of Sherlock’s body — mostly the musky scent of male skin, but there was also a hint of something clean and herbal –
“Like this.” And with that, Sherlock pushed back until John was two knuckles deep before driving his cock against John’s again.
“I did something far more ungrateful than just forget to send a note,” said Sherlock. “But you’re correct. It is a great deal of trouble. Apparently, I’m worth pulling out all the stops.”
Twenty minutes later, he came down to the sitting room — showered, shaven, wearing a tweed jacket, and carrying a small gym bag.
Sherlock looked up at John and wrinkled his nose at the stupidity of this question. “Blackmail her? Blackmail her clients? Both, probably. He was a crook. His crimes were so egregious, he’d been banished from Faerie. They think cheating humans is very clever, but do it once too often to one’s fellows, and they’ll stop being amused.”
Sherlock shut his eyes and shook his head. “That’s it,” he whispered. “That’s it! John you amaze me.”
Here he was, telling Sherlock that sex was nice when you were into the other person, but had he ever been with a man he actually
disconcerting,” she acknowledged. “Perhaps Sherlock can explain it better.” The kettle snapped off, and Mrs. Hudson turned away to fill the pot.
“Well, anyway — eventually every card party and gaming hell in London had blacklisted him. They suspected him of cheating, which he was only doing in the loosest sense of the word, but there you are. He was getting quite desperate, afraid we’d have to move to some locale where he was unknown. An acquaintance mentioned that there was a club that would admit him — unnaturally lucky or no.
“Sorry. I’m fine, but mate’s in a bad way. Can’t leave now. Thanks for collecting my things. I’ll ring as soon as I can.”
“See, I knew Mrs. Hudson was feeding me up for something. What’s to keep you from coming up to my bedroom and making a meal of me?”
Sherlock didn’t answer. He just looked at the room as if picturing the damage he’d done to it over the decades. John imagined he could inflict quite a bit, what with those claws and hooves. And the horns — if Sherlock banged his head on the wall, it was the wall that would suffer.
No. The most likely answer was that Sherlock had a violin and the manual dexterity to play it very well, despite claiming that he couldn’t even work a syringe.
John looked down at his foot resting on the first stair. “I was bluffing,” he said. “I wouldn’t have given you the drug.”
“Yes, but paper’s only good for one use. Triggering an enchantment generates heat — enough to burn up a sheet of paper or a scrap of fabric.”
...despite the fact that he’d left his cane upstairs, still hanging from the edge of the kitchen table.
“I’m not,” said Sherlock. “After all, I can’t do it myself.” He wiggled the stubby, clawed fingers of his right hand for emphasis.
The door had a heavy brass knocker and, seeing no other course of action, John lifted the knocker and let it drop twice.
“Listen to me — if I were there, on the lounge with you? Here’s what I’d do. I’d climb right into your lap, Sherlock. I’d have some lube, and I’d use it to get your cock nice and wet. And I’d straddle you and put that slippery cock right against my arsehole, and I’d slide right down on it, Sherlock. I’d kiss you — kiss your mouth and suck and bite your lips and I’d rub your nipples, and I’d ride you. With your hands on my arse, I’d ride you. I’d let you set the pace, and I’d take you, Sherlock. I’d be so hot and tight around your cock. And when I came, it would be all over your belly and your chest — all warm and slick. And when you came, Sherlock, it would fill me right up.”
Everything about the room was — quaint, as if it had been decorated by someone’s grandmother. The walls were a shade of cream just a few shades darker than the quilt, except for an accent wall covered in another damask wallpaper with grey-green leaves and gold skylarks on a cream background. The mismatched furniture was of excellent quality and wildly different eras — a far cry from the particle-board flat-pack stuff he was used to.
John smiled back at him and leaned his cheek into Sherlock’s paw. Sherlock brought John’s face closer to his own and kissed him.
He couldn’t stop thinking of the Sherlock in his dream — “At least give me something to stop the pain…”
“Poor bastard,” was all John could think to say. The photos were all of a naked corpse, covered in blood and lying on a tile floor in what appeared to be a large public toilet.
John put as many liquid calories into her as he could during her brief periods of wakefulness, but as he’d told Sherlock, she was well over the worst of it.
Sherlock moved past John toward the fireplace. John turned to watch him as he flopped himself into a low leather-and-steel chair that John was sure he’d seen in a museum once. “In addition to my grotesque appearance, I keep odd hours,” said Sherlock, as if Mrs. Hudson and an awkward staring contest had never interrupted the conversation. “I am often doing experiments, and this —” He gestured at his dressing gown. “— is as ‘dressed’ as I ever get for obvious reasons. But hopefully my… eccentricities won’t be too irksome during your unavoidable stay here.”
Later, when they sat in Mrs. Hudson’s kitchen, finishing the first meal Sherlock had eaten in 132 years, Sherlock apologised for frightening them both.
“You’re gorgeous, Sherlock,” said John. “And I can’t decide if that’s something you don’t see or if you do see it, and it’s just another, more subtle, form of punishment.”
And because he was still so angry that he was shaking, he broke the syringe in half for good measure, cutting himself in the process.
Sherlock’s head peeked around the corner, followed by the rest of him — his dressing gown tied firmly closed.
“It’s just that not many do,” said Sherlock. “None, actually.” He looked at John’s half-buttered toast. “Carry on then. I’ll likely be in my room for the rest of the day. I have some papers to look over.”
He had wondered about the violin case. How on earth would Sherlock play the violin? But Sherlock never opened it, and eventually it became just another item in the collection of strange objects downstairs, relegated in John’s mind to background inconsequentia.
Almost immediately, all other sounds died away except for the slow click of his own footsteps punctuated by the dull thud of the tip of his cane on the…
“Most of my cases involve interactions between the worlds. There are channels through which I can be contacted.”
And also loud enough to startle John out of his own impending orgasm. But he held onto Sherlock, clung to him through the shivering aftershocks of pleasure all the way into the embarrassed shock of what had just occurred.
“Then I have no reason to know anything about them. And now I shall be forced to go to all the effort of forgetting them— Oh, for Christ’s sake!
Sherlock smiled. “You really should get a shoulder holster. Keeping it in your pocket does dreadful things to the line of your suit.”
“You did,” said Harry. “But you slept for shit last night — moaning and thrashing about. I turned it off so you could have a lie-in.”
“Between the difficulty of fitting myself up these narrow stairs and the sound of my hooves, I have no doubt you’d have plenty of warning of my arrival. I trust that you’d value your life enough to shoot me with that gun you keep up there.”
Not many people ever saw it. There was almost always something more interesting happening in the opposite direction. But those who did notice simply thought,
“Fuck.” John swallowed. He pulled his jumper over the undershirt he’d worn last night, and shoved his feet, sans socks, into his shoes.
So John went on, giving the area around the horn a last scratch before stroking the horn itself, and testing the sharpness of the tip.
we’re talking about (sorry, Molly, you’re a dear and we adore you but you’re so romantic it’s just the tiniest bit cavity-inducing).
“And you didn't protest his taking control?” my friend queried. Sensible question, given my mistrust of that new part of me. I decided to answer honestly, grinning slightly as I came down from the adrenaline high. “Given the occasion, I was cheering him on.”
“No, believe me, you have it easy.” Phoenix’s paramour shook his head. “Compared to Aleksandr Nordskov, Mycroft Holmes is a minor irritation.”
All he did was look at me and smirk, smirk, smirk. I hated being laughed at. I hated being humiliated.
“John!” Sherlock called. “Nothing at all.” His bright smile was out of place in the grey masses of everyday London. “Thank you, Wilde, this looks promising. Very few traces, but very interesting ones – did you get the cab number, just in case?”
“Sherlock,” he chuffed; “believe me when I say that I’ve accepted that you certainly won’t be the one to lead our relationship anywhere. I'm not going to molest you. Or demand what you aren't ready to give. But this is perfectly innocent, and now I
Even if it was just the chemicals, it was John, and I didn’t really care anymore how I loved him. It was enough that we knew I did.
Skye snorted in a manner that sounded very like his wolf form’s chuff.  I took a sip, sitting on my chair, but then my worries slipped out. “I'm alive. Not that I'm complaining – well, not exactly...” I was complaining, honestly. But it seemed rude to do so. And perhaps Sherlock had a valid excuse. Oh God, what if I'd attacked him, bitten him, and then he'd changed too? Wait, no, he was dressed with no evidence of a wound. Was that even a real clue either way?
Phoenix sighed and looked away, squaring his shoulders. “You’re right. I should have known that what I could have seen, you could also see. RJ Hawthorne is my boyfriend.” The word hung in the air between the four of us: he determined, Skye concerned, Sherlock triumphant, and I shocked.
“Phoenix Wilde and RJ Hawthorne, and they understand the situation completely,” Skye assured me. “They’re both discreet and very trustworthy. Awesome friends, by the way. In fact, they’re something like you two.”
“Rufus Bruhl, ambassador to the US,” Lestrade said, quickly overridden by Phoenix saying, “Well, no, his kids, actually. Young, I’d say. Minors. Rollo?”
“Don’t mock me, Mycroft Holmes,” I snapped. The guy hadn’t even noticed that his little brother was suicidal (
“Yes, well, he'll always be a pompous, meddling, overbearing git, but I don't despise him quite as much as I look to,” my friend confessed.
me. You know it, I know it, Skye knows it, stop using it as an excuse to bundle him away like a criminal! He’s no more a criminal than you, John!”
“You know, you say that, but you’re not acting like it right now.” John’s grin was positively outrageous, his tone gently teasing. Oh, God, I was almost high on that
Molly was a paragon of heaven, I swear. She took us in without a peep of refusal and offered to smuggle us to a different refuge should we need it. I thanked her profusely, but all she did was smile – though I was fairly sure she winked at me too. We waited and waited – or at least I waited (and offered non-contaminated tea) as Sherlock tried to figure out the key code so that we could hack into the records and destroy Rich Brook once and for all.
enthusiastic about being included on cases. He accompanied us as a sniffer dog when he knew he wouldn’t be allowed, and followed us as a human when he would be. John had avoided cases and NSY crime scenes, possibly in fear of what would happen were the wolf to be brought into direct contact with Donovan.
RJ Hawthorne was hard to deduce after a day spent in hospital, since the traces of his normal activities were fainter than they should’ve been. Right-handed (
“Brilliant!” Sherlock cried, clapping his hands. The reversal felt odd, but not mocking. I rather glowed, to be honest, as praise from the detective was rare. His eyes glittered blue in the rays from the open doors. “Then I’ll leave the kidnapping cases to you from now on, shall I?”
“What were you thinking?” Reyalon seethed, pacing back and forth like a caged tiger. “I thought you at least cased the joint before you attacked. Maximilien isn’t at home anymore, I can’t protect him.”
The wolf-boy scowled. “Curly, or Sherlock – ooh, Curly Sherly – I’m not ineffective here, you know.” His ice-blue eyes glittered. “I won’t murder anyone, and I certainly won’t murder John. As of now, he’s pack.” He shifted and rubbed against me as if to prove the point.
“The best I’ve slept in a while, thanks,” Skye answered, accepting his cocoa happily and taking a long drink. Due to Sherlock’s propensity to experiment and our discovery of an article that proposed that drinking water from a werewolf’s footprint could turn you, Skye and I had reserved mugs for ourselves, and used only those, as well as preventing Sherlock from using them.
“Paramedics,” I stammered, still reeling. “Mrs. Hudson’s been shot. She’s dying, Sherlock, let’s go.” He refused – actually refused! What – how – why? He’d once half-killed a man and
An idea is impossible to kill, even for me. There was a bit more babble; honestly I’ve deleted it all. Lestrade was clearly reluctant, and John was just as clearly resisting the wolf’s cries to be let out, seeing as he was already tilting his head up, trying to stand taller than the officers.
The wolf, hurt and panicked, bit back. “Yeah? Well, thank God for that.” After acting that way, maybe he didn’t deserve to be one. “But you’re no human either.”
Now another problem presented itself – what actions of the wolf would John approve of? He didn’t trust the wolf, and he was still afraid of it. Saving me was one proven situation, but my pride protested at that option. Even when it was John, looking sexy as hell (no, no, don’t dwell on that, you stupid boy), I didn’t like being rescued so much.
That’d be me, by the way. Mostly because I get to say I’m in love with the most infuriating, ridiculous, childish, and absolutely
It must have been hours before I finally ran back home, night wind rife with cold and wolves’ howls and the moon high above us. “Should have hunted seriously,” Wolf-John said, the moment we were back in the flat. “So hungry.”
A thought had barely half-formed in my mind before RJ shook his head. “I wouldn’t recommend trying to unlock your memories now. You’re still in shock, and it’s not going to be good for you.” He pointed to my hand.
What kind of statement was that? An acceptable alternative? For all I knew an ‘acceptable’ alternative to my inner wolf was to tear up pets. What exactly did I do last night?
“We’ll take the case,” Sherlock announced pompously. “Kindly get your corpulent self out the door so I can think properly.” His fingers were rubbing at the bases of Skye’s ears absently. I almost laughed; Sherlock, neglect a pet? Never – he wasn’t the type to pass up free affection.
“Was it all true, then? How can it be?” he countered, sounding lost. But he must have decided that we couldn't both panic, because then he continued, “No matter. It's clearly not impossible, since it happened. People called chemists alchemists in the past, before the truth was understood. You are currently an unknown quantity, but we're going to figure you out. Don't worry, John.”
We did attempt the mildest of the remedies we found (though I concur with him in that there is really nothing mild about drinking so much vinegar. It made him sick, as did most of the others), though judging by the continued presence of the shorter temper and the continued assertive behaviour of the other werewolf, they had no effect.
Skye stepped in with his deliberate, authoritative gait, and flicked his eyes over me, then helped me up. “John,” he said, without turning around. “Maybe not so violently next time. Never attack pack.”
He couldn’t yell anymore, because he started to transform. I was very nearly shaken out of my cool shell by his screaming. Oh God, that screaming! I prayed to a God I didn’t believe in that John was alright underneath all that. The screams turned to yowls mercifully soon, and almost before I had time to be spooked I was faced with a majestic gold-and-silver wolf.
I snapped back to myself just as suddenly as I plunged into my own mind. Sherlock was supporting me, anxiously peering into my eyes. “What the hell was that?” he demanded. “Did you take anything – are you
“And a telekinetic, listen properly,” Phoenix snapped. “Yes, it means he can do what Skye does, but he’s a more powerful telepath than Skye, so his talents should be able to stretch to temporary control.”
Because a wiry little redhead burst through the door and saluted to Skye, who leapt at him, shifting back to human in mid-air and pinning him to the wall. “Insubordination, Wilde?” he asked, coldly.
“I know that, but she’s over the worst of it,” said John. “She just needs someone to feed her up for a bit.”
Oh, this conversation had the potential of ending very badly. Even John didn’t know whether his attraction to Sherlock was the result of latent teratophilia or if he was only an aspiring monster fucker because Sherlock was the monster. There was no use in finding a comforting lie, though. Sherlock would know.
“I think there was little doubt of that,” said Sherlock. “What it proves is that he wanted me to know it. He didn’t need it in Notting Hill — he knows how to work a telephone, after all.” Sherlock wandered over to the sofa and stood there looking at the photographs. “Just like he wanted me to believe that someone had ransacked his home.”
“The imprint's of a choke chain. It was found with his clothing. I believe his assailants were using it to restrain him,” said Sherlock.
Harry took a long nap in the middle of the day, which she needed, but which left her restless that night, so they watched
“This is only conjecture,” said Sherlock, “but probably in her kitchen brewing herself a bracing cup of tea. She’s had a very trying day.”
. He shook his head to clear the thought.) Sherlock's prick was easily as big around as a cricket ball — two of which he appeared to be carrying in the sac behind it.
“What’s this then?” asked John, taking the tape from Sherlock and placing it on the leading edge of the step himself.
John nodded and wrapped his hand in a tea towel. “I’m sure there’s a first-aid kit with everything I need in the medicine cabinet upstairs.” With that, he did what he should have done in the first place. He turned and headed for his bedroom.
Mrs. Hudson pursed her lips disapprovingly. “Running for the sake of amusement isn’t something we did in my day.”
She stood back and gestured for him to come inside, and John could see that her skirt was now several inches shorter and dark teal rather than black.
John sat up and pulled the blanket off Sherlock’s lower body. With the exception of the time his robe had come undone, he’d never allowed John to see him below the waist.
“Your ignorance is positively illuminating,” said Sherlock, getting up and striding over to the desk.
Whenever he heard Sherlock playing, John got up, put on his tartan dressing gown and slippers, and went down the stairs where he sat and listened with his arms resting on his knees and his toes on the edge of the gaffers’ tape.
Truthfully, John had thought there’d be more… touching and pillow talk. That clearly wasn’t happening, and now that he thought about it, he realised that he’d been perhaps a little delusional to expect it.
John woke and unwound the quilt from his legs. He hadn’t broken out in a sweat this time, so he simply straightened his twisted blankets and turned his pillow over. He’d left his door open when he’d gone to bed, hoping to hear Sherlock playing his violin, but the flat was silent.
“Well, apparently it’s not foolproof, is it?” He laughed at his own joke, and to his surprise, Sherlock joined him.
“The point,” said John, “is that it’s sort of a bonding ritual for the people who enjoy that sort of thing.” He really wasn’t explaining it well, but then he’d never been particularly fond of strip clubs. “Women get to cut loose and admit that they have dirty thoughts and egg each other on. If it’s a traditional strip show, then the lads get to do some heterosexual posturing in front of each other — pretending they see dozens of tits every day of the week and twice on Sundays.”
“You still want it that bad? After 132 years? You still want that shit in your veins so bad that you conveniently forgot that you have the ability to just send me out of here?”
Pissing entirely forgotten, John started down the stairs, determined to solve at least one mystery around here.
Sherlock’s eyes were open and crinkled at the corners in that way that they always crinkled when Sherlock was well and truly delighted.
“Yes! Well!” said Mrs. Hudson, startling John, who had almost forgot she existed. She smiled cheerily at him. “Now that you’ve been introduced, I’ll just be going, shall I?” And without waiting for an answer, she left the flat, letting the door bang shut behind her.
“Why not? If you’re so smitten you can’t even be arsed to pay your rent, why are you not shouting it from the rooftops? I would be.”
“Of course that’s why it felt dangerous. It’s meant to keep people out.” Sherlock stared at John as if he were actually interesting and not just the only port in a storm of ennui.
“This just came,” said Sherlock. He laid a photocopy of a newspaper clipping next to John’s breakfast.
“If I was going to make something up, I’d have told you his name is Dave. You’d believe I was dating a Dave.”
In the evenings, John went to eat with Mrs. Hudson. He could get his own food, of course, but she seemed to enjoy his company, and he felt rather sorry for her. Whatever Sherlock had done to get himself cursed, Mrs Hudson hadn’t had anything to do with it.
Sherlock stared at John, lips parted as if he’d completely forgotten that breath was unnecessary. “John—”
And John, who was touch-starved and battle-worn and so very exhausted with keeping a stiff upper lip, had taken full advantage of it.
But John had already successfully navigated the last couple of stairs to the landing, and was now attempting to not fall face-first down the three steps leading down into the sitting room.
Sherlock usually emerged from his bedroom while John was having his breakfast. He didn’t dump any more photos of naked corpses next to John’s toast, thankfully, but he did ask the occasional bizarre question. Sometimes he just grunted what John assumed was some kind of greeting and went straight to the lounge to spend the rest of the day with the brass rose clutched between his paws.
So John spread his legs. He felt Sherlock’s naked calves brush the insides of his knees as he came to stand between them. He felt Sherlock take the two sides of his tartan robe and open it.
“Sure. I was in the Army. Going to a strip club with your mates is practically an official part of indoctrination.”
He shrugged and put on the offered garments, wondering how long it would take to get spoiled never having to do anything for himself.
John glanced at the clock — 3:20 a.m. — “the witching hour,” as Sherlock had called it. Well, there was no prohibition on him crossing the landing to empty his bladder, so John got up and threw on his dressing gown.
“Yes. It was found with his clothes in a trash can near the scene. His is copper though.” Sherlock stared at the rose. “It can’t really be that elementary, can it?"
“Sherlock!” He stopped, gasping for air and looking frantically around. This was where it should be. According to the numbers on the surrounding buildings, this was it. But there was nothing except a sandwich shop.
“Sleep well, John.” Sherlock’s voice had regained the quiet thunder quality that said he’d changed back into his monstrous form.
Sherlock never finished that – just dug his claws into the mattress, shut his eyes tight, and growled.
“Not exactly.” She picked up the kettle and poured a bit of the almost-boiling water into a china teapot. She set the kettle back on its base and switched it on again. “That’s not the real Baker Street. It’s a copy, and not a very good one either. This building is real, but no longer a part of the mundane world, I’m afraid.”
“Good,” said John. “I want you to close your eyes and touch them. I want you to imagine it’s me. Tell me what I’m doing, and I’ll do the same to myself.”
The spray from the shower was cool and needle-sharp — just the way John like it of course, but he was coming to expect that. What he hadn’t expected was that his underwear would disappear while he was bathing, to be replaced by a tartan dressing gown and a pair of slippers.
Sherlock took two more steps forward, and then John could see him plainly in the light coming from the sitting room.
“Ah!” she said, smiling at the appliance. “Ingenious. The old one just plugged directly into the wall.”
“If by ‘changes things’ you mean it makes it so you can’t just compartmentalise it and pretend it’s not real whenever it suits you — sure, I know what you mean.”
He left the mobile on while he dressed, but Harry didn’t answer. John powered the mobile down and slipped it back into the drawer.
John laid Sherlock’s cock on his belly and slipped a finger under his foreskin, circling the tip as he wrapped his other hand gently around one of Sherlock’s balls.
John considered this as he poured hot water over the teabag in his mug. Being incommunicado did simplify things. Still…
“Ms. Adler’s profession was providing discreet entertainment for those of a peculiar taste,” said Sherlock.
“It’s not that bad,” said John. “I mean— your appearance is… well, what it is… but I’m not bothered by it, actually. And my own personal habits are a bit odd too.” A bit odd was one way to put it. His therapist used much more precise terms. John dismissed that thought in favor of working on the whole being-trapped-in-a-pocket-dimension thing. “Why, exactly, is my stay unavoidable?”
“Mmm,” said Mycroft, giving John one last penetrating look before turning back to his brother. “Reopening the Merryweather case? Is Lestrade not giving you enough to do?”
Years of masturbating in situations where willful oblivion had stood in for actual privacy had made John very quiet, but years of experience with partners had taught him the value of feedback. He came with a series of three soft staccato “hahs.”
Sherlock shook his head. “I told you — I don’t know. I have no solid evidence that points to any particular motive. If I went around following hunches and allowing my biases to colour my perceptions, I’d be no better than the idiots who think they know exactly what happened based on the most lurid and titillating possible narrative. Still — if he hadn’t trusted her, she couldn’t have betrayed him. He was too powerful for her to overcome otherwise.”
Mrs. Hudson came back to the table with a couple of dessert plates and a chocolate pudding. “He was very charming and a fine figure of a man, as we used to say. But he liked to gamble, and he got in with the wrong sort.”
“After that? Oh, dear.” Mrs. Hudson bit her lip. “I can’t send you home once you’ve spent the night. I’m so sorry. You seemed content, and there’s really been no one else who…”
“Anyway, this faerie granted her a wish — to be used whenever she desired to use it. A future favour, and they don’t just hand those out at street carnivals, John. It was a Big. Deal.
“It would give you a ball full of food pellets if it thought it would keep you content,” agreed Sherlock.
,” he amended. “I understood that I was considered attractive by many, and I was willing to use that to my advantage, but that’s not what this is about. Before I was cursed, my body was just the machine that transported my mind. Now it is loud, it is clumsy, and it doesn’t fit into spaces or furniture or clothes scaled to human beings. I am forced, every day, to…
But he bit those pale lips, and he cried out in half-human, half-animal growls that seemed to roll over John’s skin like thunder.
Right. His window. In his room, or at least, his until he figured out how to break the enchantment keeping him here.
The door to his room was open. Inside he could see the bed he’d slept in for the last few months and the familiar wallpaper with the skylarks.
About like the tine of a dinner fork, he thought — it could do some damage, but there’d have to be some concentrated effort behind it.
“I’d… erm… I’d start with a simple kiss — short and… chaste — mouths closed. Then I’d check to see if that was… well-received.”
Like the bedroom, the bathroom looked simple and homely — white porcelain, black and white tiles, an old clawfoot tub — but everything worked a little too perfectly, was just a little too spotlessly clean. The towels were thick and fluffy, the soap creamy and scented with something light and woodsy, the water flowed at the perfect temperature and pressure. Even the mirror was hung at exactly the correct height to frame John’s face.
“Someone tried to strangle him,” said John, moving on to the second photo — a closer shot of the man from the shoulders up.
“You should really be more careful about your language even in just a pocket dimension of Faerie,” said Sherlock.
But the idea of being surrounded by Sherlock’s massive body — of being naked in the presence of sharp claws and horns and being safeguarded by nothing but Sherlock’s desire to not harm him — was its own kind of erotic.
thought John. He should have signed up for the automatic payment. He wondered if it was too late to authorise it. He looked at the texts from the rental agency.
So John went downstairs and sat in Mrs. Hudson’s kitchen and let her draw him out about his life before he was injured — or, if he didn’t feel up to talking (and sometimes it seemed like an exhausting endeavour), she would take up the slack with stories of London in her day or her favourite shows.
naked ladies, but… it’s a show, right? Nothing wrong with a show, it’s… what it is. It’s her job to pretend that she’s enjoying my company even though I’m clothed, and she’s not, and if that doesn’t point up the power dynamics of the situation, I don’t know what does. And it’s just not my idea of a great time.”
“But they left his arms free? I don’t see any marks at his wrists. He should’ve been fighting like the devil.”
What had changed? Sherlock had said that Moriarty wouldn’t let him out of the curse until he’d suffered to Moriarty’s satisfaction.
“What’s it to me?!” Harry’s voice was gaining in volume and pitch like the horn of an oncoming train. “I’ll tell you what’s it to me! I’ve been out to you for years, John Watson! Decades! I’ve sobbed on your shoulder during existential lesbian crises, and you never bothered to tell me that you’re…”
“Brilliant,” said John, meaning to be sarcastic, but finding that he wasn’t. “I’ve been dragged into Oz to meet a Vulcan.”
Even when things got a little clumsy, even when Sherlock discovered the hard way that it would require some practice before he could take John entirely, it was intensely erotic.
… gets an immediate boot back to the mundane world. I believe that's Mycroft's doing, but for once, I agree with him. It’s a wicked deed!”
John pressed his ear to Sherlock’s chest. There was a heartbeat — a strong, steady heartbeat — but no breath.
, as Sherlock charmingly put it, and sat on the sofa with Sherlock draped over his lap and fucking his thighs while he milked Sherlock’s prostate (so far, John’s favourite).
“Well, now you know. You can figure out how to escape the enchantment or how to break the curse altogether, and you’ll be free to go. In fact, if you break the curse, we’ll all be free to go.”
John found navigating his way up while blinded easier than down. Once he hit the third stair past the landing, he pulled the blindfold off his eyes and blinked.
John knew this was another clue — another breadcrumb in the trail Sherlock was leaving for him. The trail John was too thick to follow. It was like trying to create a forgery of an old master with nothing more than a semester of Art Appreciation.
“I’m worried about my sister,” he said. “I haven’t heard from her in weeks, and my mobile’s about to die.”
Sherlock smiled mirthlessly. “Oh, he knew it was only a reputation. I had contacts among the workers — people who gathered information for me from time to time. He knew I never engaged in amorous activities with anyone. This—” He hefted his cock, wrapped in the silk of his dressing gown. “
“It was a long time ago, and the blush came off the rose about the time I found out he’d been lying to me. Staking me in a card game was beyond the last straw. I’d probably be dancing my shoes through in some faerie hall in the Summerlands if it hadn’t been for Sherlock.”
John’s hand had become superfluous, and not knowing what else to do with it, he moved it up to Sherlock’s arse. He’d intended to cup Sherlock’s bottom and urge him on, but in the dark, John’s fingertips had landed rather more in Sherlock’s cleft than he’d meant.
John was going to drop it and go to bed, when Sherlock spoke again. “When you were recuperating from your wound, did you ever dream that you were uninjured?”
One part of John’s brain was musing on whether or not he’d ever actually seen a horse’s penis and how Sherlock’s member might compare to it — he was fairly sure that horse cocks were shaped differently. The rest of his brain was trying to remember something very important.
Back in his bedroom, he pulled out the mobile and turned it on. 11% charge. He wondered briefly why the house hadn’t seen fit to supply him with a charging cable.
A breath away from dying — that wasn’t just the circumstances Merryweather happened to be under when Moriarty used the
“One of the demi-Fae who’d known my husband recommended him to me. Said he’d argued a few cases before the Court and won — which, as I said, is no small feat.”
He strongly suspected that Sherlock fully intended to suck him to completion, but maybe because of the blindfold, John found that he wanted something more mutual than just Sherlock’s mouth pulling the orgasm from his body.
John leaned into the doorway and saw that the stair went up three steps, then doubled back behind the wall next to the sofa.
“Odd hours and experiments in the kitchen?” asked John. “I assume you’re planning on expanding your wardrobe though.”
John didn’t have time to feel guilty about it though. He could see cobwebs collecting in the corners of the room.
“My first order of business tomorrow will be to locate some clothes.” Sherlock picked up his glass, but rather than drink from it, he just swirled the contents a bit and stared into it.
John nodded. “— because she thought he was an impostor. Merryweather got the same treatment, or appeared to. I assume that means something.”
"No," she replied.  "And certainly none who've stayed a whole month.  The rest gave in after less than a week."
“No,” said John. “No, I’d say it’s not. Most streets are covered in asphalt unless the neighbourhood is terribly posh and historical.”
John supposed it was too early to be using terms like “friend,” but really… Sherlock didn’t have to be quite so appalled by the notion.
The sound of the violin filled the hall outside the bathroom. He towelled off quickly and put on his dressing gown and slippers. He opened the medicine cabinet, willing the item he wanted to be there.
“Dinner’s in an hour, but you’ll have to come downstairs for it. I’m not your housekeeper.” She closed the door more quietly this time.
In addition to the ladder-back chair and a low chest of drawers, there was a tall wardrobe made of dark wood with a geometric design inlaid across the doors. He went to it now and pulled it open. The suit was hung there, at the end of a line of perfectly-pressed button-up shirts.
“He gives me plenty to do, most of it beneath my notice,” said Sherlock, using a claw to cut the tape sealing the package.
“Moriarty possesses an extraordinary level of evil,” said Sherlock. “But, they’re all… capricious, even the ‘good’ ones. And we’re like animals to them — pets, if we’re amusing enough, and vermin if we aren’t.” This was punctuated by the click of the latches on the violin case.
The texts from Harry ran the gamut from “Where the hell r u????” to “I put ur shit in a storage unit. U owe me ur first born child!!!!!”
John didn’t know what thrilled him more, the intense sensation of pleasure tinged with pain, or hearing Sherlock’s voice catch like that.
John glanced toward the stairs, trying to gauge if he had the time to ring 999 and relate the situation to the dispatcher. The wallpaper on the landing was peeling. The bathroom door was gone.
“I think it’s safe to assume that even a complete autopsy wouldn’t find proof of spell-work,” said Sherlock. “No, I think the conclusion would have been that this man died of his injuries and that the odd state of his liver, appendix, lungs, and kidneys was merely due to the severity of the attack.”
“There never is, John! And anyway, why do you have to drop everything and bugger off to the Hebrides to— to—” She snorted. “Ah, fuck.”
"Right.  He knew they'd draw the most obvious conclusion, and when it finally dawned on someone that the victim might be Fae, they'd get me involved.  And I would naturally come to the conclusion that he and Merryweather were one and the same.  The only person who could connect him to Merryweather, the only person who knew Merryweather had anything to do with any of it was The Woman — and he framed her for the murder.”
And, if John was being honest with himself, he enjoyed the company. He really wasn’t a person who was accustomed to not having other people around, even if he was one who was accustomed to keeping them at arm’s length.
“It was childish,” said Sherlock, picking up the ties of his dressing gown and attempting to tie them.
John continued kissing down Sherlock’s long neck, pausing to nip at the hollow above his clavicle before kissing his way across Sherlock’s chest and taking his nipple into his mouth.
“I can also tell you the details of the curse. Once you know what has to be done to end it, you’ll be… disqualified and free to go. That’s how I let most of your predecessors go — the ones who wouldn’t…”
“How is that pos— Stupid question. Sorry.” After all, everything about Sherlock Holmes was impossible.
…okay. John tested his current reality. He was naked except for the blanket pulled up to his waist. He was definitely in Sherlock’s huge bed. There was no sound of IV pumps or heart monitors — just the rustle of papers and the sound of Sherlock’s calm, even breathing.
halts the subject’s metabolic processes, leaving them… somewhat alive for as long as a counter spell isn’t administered.”
“This one’s an improvement then,” said John. “Um — but about the fog and the lack of… any other living thing, as far as I can tell?”
And then Sherlock began to move, and once again, John found himself on the receiving end of Sherlock’s prodigious attention as he made a study of John’s responses to varying types of oral stimuli.
He turned and looked back the way he had come. Flat stones gleamed wetly in the fading light for as far as he could see, which was really only a few
“How am I supposed to do everything I want in an hour?” asked Sherlock, his nose brushing John’s sack.
He poured water into his mug and put a piece of bread into the toaster before returning to the sitting room.
Except for the line. Two mornings after “the incident,” John found Sherlock clumsily placing a piece of black gaffer’s tape on the third step after the switchback on the staircase leading to John’s bedroom.
John slid to the edge of his seat and put his hand on Sherlock’s knee. “You’re the man who saved my life.”
John laid his palm high on Sherlock’s leg. The skin under his hand jumped, like a horse trying to flick off a fly. John looked up at Sherlock’s face. He was looking away from John and biting his lip.
It was an unprecedented level of luxury and cheerfulness in John’s life, but it wasn’t enough to stop the nightmares, apparently.
“No, of course not. I live with my tenant, Mr. Sherlock Holmes… in an enchanted house, in a pocket dimension of Faerie.” She emptied the teapot in the sink and began to measure the tea into it.
They both knew why John hadn’t slept last night. It had nothing to do with his dreams and everything to do with finding out that Sherlock’s tail was indeed sensitive.
“John.” Sherlock’s voice was suddenly as soft as rough velvet. He curled his claws under and stroked John’s cheek.
Sherlock opened for him this time and John didn’t hesitate. He slipped inside Sherlock’s mouth and tasted the warmth and sweetness there. Sherlock seemed hesitant at first, mainly just responding to John, but he quickly got the hang of it and took more initiative. And John stood in the dark and revelled in it. He couldn’t even remember the last time he’d kissed someone who had practically no experience, and he was pretty sure that it wasn’t like this. He loved being Sherlock’s guinea pig. He loved having him experiment and catalogue every response.
Mrs. Hudson went to the end of the room with the fireplace and turned to peer into a room on the left. “Sherlock?” she called again. “You have a guest!”
“And that’s why I hate them. They meddle for their own ends and when you don’t play by the rules they set, and never tell you about, they punish you.”
John swallowed as something squeezed his heart. “Come back down here,” he said, his voice rough with emotions that he didn’t want to examine right now. “I need a few of the unholy kind too.”
John was, in fact, so caught up in that smile that it took a moment to register the things surrounding that smile — or rather, not surrounding it, like horns.
“Yeah,” said John, mustering a smile. “Just a nightmare. I was running outside and slipped on the cobblestones. I had that feeling like I was really falling.”
He did enjoy the danger. He enjoyed the claws and the hooves and the massive horns. He enjoyed touching them, feeling their solidity, their literal heft and sting. And he enjoyed laying his naked body here — without armour or weapon, without even really knowing what he was doing — nothing between him and the very real damage Sherlock could wreak except trust, except a gossamer thread of faith in the goodness of this man’s heart.
He tried to recall if Sherlock had a cd player. The sound seemed too clear for vinyl and too dynamic for an mp3.
The second night in Sherlock’s bedroom had been much like the first — John went to bed in his own bed and got up when he heard Sherlock playing.
“I didn’t realise I was supposed to be doing a remote autopsy during breakfast.” John picked up the first photo. “He’s got what? A broken arm…” John peered more closely. “…two broken arms, and I’ll bet that foot is broken too. He’s been beaten everywhere with something hard and heavy — a bat, maybe? Probably got a few broken ribs. That’s not to mention what they did to his face. His nose and jaw appear to also be broken and his head was hit so hard and so many times that I can only guess he was murdered somewhere else because his brains should be all over that wall.”
There's a gory description of a corpse that was beaten to death in this chapter.  Drugs and needles show up again at the end, as well as an accidental cut to John's hand.  Suicidal ideation and a suicide attempt also occur.
John laid his body down beside Sherlock’s, sliding his feet back under the covers until they touched Sherlock’s ankle.
Since Sherlock was clearly disinclined to be more forthcoming, John simply threw the mysterious line on the pile of other mysteries he’d probably never solve.
There had been a time, a long time ago, when the list of things that turned him on was fairly short. He liked tits. They were amazing things — signs of divine love for all of mankind as far as he was concerned. A plump arse was also very nice. And pussies, once he finally got the chance to experience them, proved to be just as soft and lovely as their namesakes.
It was a length of black silk. John stood there, running his fingers over the soft fabric, wondering what he was meant to do with it.
“Must’ve deleted it,” said Sherlock. “Now quit trying to intimidate John. It’s annoying and fruitless, I assure you.”
“I’d also really like to enjoy you. I like wanting someone — being hard for them, being so aware of them and the way they’re reacting to me. I’d want to touch you everywhere, Sherlock, feel you shiver and sigh and moan. Feel you pull me close and rub yourself against me.”
“I just do. Maybe I have a thing for monsters. Maybe I have a thing for you no matter what body you inhabit. Maybe it’s both or neither. But I’m attracted to you — just like this. If I didn’t think it would freak you out, I’d try to convince you to make love with me right now.”
“It’s nice to meet you,” she replied as she filled the kettle. “I’m Mrs. Hudson. I own this building.”
,” he replied, trying to decide where to put his arm now that Sherlock’s head was in the way. He finally settled on laying it across the back of the sofa. “It’s a comedy.”
He could feel the tension in Sherlock’s neck and in the shallowness of his breathing. He was nervous. Understandable — even if this hadn’t been his first time, it would’ve been the first time in more than a century. John would gladly have pleasured Sherlock all night, let him explore and experiment to his heart’s content until there was no room for nerves or fear or hesitation.
“Well, my imagination was more captured by the manner in which you described… being the active party.”
“Hey,” said John, snuggling down against Sherlock, “if I fall back asleep, do you think the flat magic will clean me up?”
“I must rely on others to do the legwork,” said Sherlock, his lip curling momentarily. “They catalogue the scene, take photos, sometimes they even notice things. Nothing useful, of course, but as long as they’re thorough, I can usually find what I need.”
In the gathering gloom of twilight, John Watson leaned on his cane and regarded the fog. It was strange — very strange. For one thing, it was thick. For another, it’s existence seemed confined to this one section of — he glanced at the sign on the corner — Baker Street.
Sherlock was right in that his cock didn’t get any harder, but he was wrong about how exciting it could be. John was fascinated… no, he was enamoured of Sherlock’s cock. His hands slipped up and down, seeking the motions and pressure that pulled the most heartfelt moans from Sherlock’s mouth, that caused Sherlock’s hips to twitch, that made the muscles in his stomach jump and shiver.
“I know the purpose of lube, thank you,” said Sherlock. “I’ve been meaning to run some tests on the various types.”
“I don’t, I’m afraid. The first I heard of that one was when he came here to drag poor Sherlock before the Court. He’s mad though. I can tell you that.”
The look on Sherlock’s face as he twitched the robe back over his lap reminded John of that very important thing — it’s rude to stare at someone’s prick uninvited.
Mrs. Hudson pointed to the door next to the one through which they had just entered. “Closet,” she said, then pointed to a doorway next to that. “And your room will be up there.”
He felt Sherlock’s breath against his cock an instant before he felt his tongue. Sherlock dragged it, slow and slippery, from the base to the tip, before drawing away. John could feel Sherlock’s breath again, cooling the wetness. Then a series of feathery licks, this time with the tip of Sherlock’s tongue against the side of his cock. Then random gentle sucking kisses, some on his cock, some on his thighs, some on his stomach and balls.
It had come as something of a shock to discover that masculine laughter could also be quite effective when it was uttered, soft and low, in his ear. The rough sting of a stubbled kiss and the taste of cock had joined the list immediately on the heels of that revelation.
, do you think people are going to say, ‘There goes John Watson and his boyfriend. John’s not gay, though. He likes pussy too, so it’s alright?’”
They talked about Brexit and football and other safe subjects that were unlikely to get them angry — with each other anyway.
Sherlock, it turned out, had witnessed a pretty indecent range of debauchery back in the day, and was keen to try some of it out. John, whose experience with same-sex fucking had been mainly of the quick-and-dirty variety, was more than willing to participate. So far, he’d ridden Sherlock in Sherlock’s favourite chair, eaten Sherlock out and fucked him bent over said chair, spent nearly the entirety of one of their hours on the sofa,
But he couldn’t see, and not knowing what Sherlock would do next, nor where he’d do it, had arrested every ounce of John’s attention. He found himself straining upward, in what he assumed was the direction of Sherlock’s mouth.
“Poor man! I couldn’t leave him to face this all alone,” was how Mrs. Hudson put it. “He’d helped me out of a particularly sticky situation. And my sister, God rest her soul, was gone, so I had no one to miss me. Well — except Mr. Tadley, the greengrocer. I think he’d developed a bit of a
“I’m updating my monograph on the effects of various gross materials on enchantments,” was the reply.
“’Salright.” John looked at her, illuminated by the light shining through the kitchen window as she bent over to pick up the toast.
Sherlock made a show of actually contemplating this question before saying, “Nnnnnope. I wish her the best of luck.”
“I don’t understand why someone would pay to see nude men,” said Sherlock. “Can’t they just go swimming or visit a gymnasium if they want to look at some fellow’s naked arse?”
“And you just live here… all by yourself in a… in an enchanted house… in a pocket dimension of… Faerie?”
,’ then draw her hand away before it got hot enough to hurt her. Then she could speak directly to Merryweather, and he to her.”
Sherlock dragged his gaze from the rose to John’s profile. He frowned as if John were speaking a language with which Sherlock was only passingly familiar.
Those claws pricked that thing, and as Sherlock’s mouth sucked at John’s, it seemed to John that he drew the darkness up and into himself.
But he couldn’t, so John kissed him instead, muffling Sherlock’s ragged growling cries with his mouth — surprising himself when he, too cried out as he came.
John nodded. This was the first time he’d seen this room. It wasn’t what he’d expected, although he couldn’t really say that he’d expected anything in particular. The walls were covered in green damask wallpaper. There was yet another bookcase and what appeared to be a large liquor cabinet. Both were filled with Sherlock’s usual assortment of oddities. A floor lamp and a coat tree bearing Sherlock’s collection of silk dressing gowns rounded out the furniture. There was a framed poster of the periodic table that John could’ve sworn was identical to the one in his sixth form chemistry classroom.
“I get rather peckish during the witching hour. Might decide I fancy an army doctor sandwich some night.”
He brushed his teeth — the bristles of the toothbrush were soft, the head angled just right; the toothpaste was cinnamon, which John didn’t even know until just then that he preferred. He relieved himself of the astoundingly good beer Mrs. Hudson had served with last night’s beef and carrots, pulled off the rest of his clothes, and stepped into the tub.
He wondered what Sherlock’s hands looked like. His fingers were probably long and sensitive, yet strong. He’d said they had once been his best feature. Was he glad to get them back, if only for an hour every night? Was that why he played? Or was it for John that he played?
“Sorry I’m not being supportive enough of your little walk on the queer side. Sorry I interrupted it by almost dying.”
“Mycroft’s been by, I see,” he said, gingerly prodding the rose. It was hot from the magic flowing through it. “Sorry I missed him.”
Sherlock’s face shuttered completely, but not before John caught a glimpse of horror in his expression.
“Mmm,” said John, his lips still on Sherlock’s. “I… uhmm…” He kissed Sherlock again. “May I touch your horns?”
“You know I can’t,” said Sherlock, but the ice hadn’t crept into his voice, so John took that as an encouraging sign.
“Somehow, despite curses and pocket dimensions, you solve mysteries? In the…” What did Mrs. Hudson call it? “…the mundane world?”
Some nights there was no music and John wondered if Sherlock was sulking or masturbating. But most nights there was the violin followed by idle, meandering discussion that ended a few minutes before Sherlock was due to transform.
Sherlock stepped sideways with a lurch, his feet hitting the linoleum with sharp percussion, like someone hitting wooden blocks together. John saw a… hand? It reached out and set a Manila folder on the table with remarkable dexterity considering that it more closely resembled the paw of a great cat or a bear than something human. Dark, reddish-brown hair curled down the back of it, covering his short fingers to the second knuckle (There appeared to be no third knuckle.). The fingertips ended in black, crescent-shaped claws.
On the fifth night, Sherlock had invited John to sleep the night through in his bed — “Not every night,” said Sherlock. “Just — it could be pleasant… now and again.”
“Well, of course, she used the wish,” said Sherlock. “And the faerie lived up to his side of the bargain — after a fashion. See, she was supposed to have used the wish years ago to get her lover back. Her lover had been the faerie all along. It was some kind of test, to see if she would give up her dearest possession for him. Then he would reveal himself and declare his undying love, and she would fall into his arms, and they would live happily ever after, as one is supposed to do in faerie stories.
John sat up and scooted a few inches down the bed until he was level with Sherlock’s thighs, on top of which lay his cock.
“I’m never going to hold a scalpel again,” said John, “but there are other kinds of doctors. Retraining shouldn’t take long.” He nudged Sherlock’s foot with his own. “We’re both going to have to do a great many things from now on that aren’t hanging around this flat and fucking. Are you ready for that?”
been weeks, John mused as he ducked under the spray in the shower. He wondered how long it had been since he’d last attempted to contact Harry. He’d stopped checking his mobile every day in an attempt to nurse the battery along.
John drew a breath, thinking of all the bodies he’d lain his own beside, and he almost spoke up. Then he remembered how many of those bodies had belonged to people who didn’t really know anything about him, or vice versa, and changed his mind.
If John could lift the curse, they’d all be free to go. That’s what Sherlock had said the very first night. But what did that mean, exactly? Mrs. Hudson had owned 221B before it got stuck in a pocket dimension, so presumably it had a place in the mundane world. And Mrs. Hudson had spoken about getting back to the mundane world herself — presumably that’s what Sherlock meant by “free to go.”
“Wonderful as usual, Mrs. Hudson.” John sat back in his chair, cradling his wine glass with its last few sips of Burgundy.
“London has never had a shortage of people living on her streets. And since people rarely see what they don’t want to see…”
He began pulling open the drawers. Belts and braces in this one, socks in the next. He rummaged through them, giving less than one fuck for the mess he was creating. Underwear in the third drawer, jumpers in the fourth, trousers in the fifth. The sixth contained pyjamas, but still no gun.
“No?” Sherlock pulled his paws out of his pockets and looked at them. “They used to be one of my best traits.”
The next day brought a visitor to the flat. John was sitting in what he supposed had become his chair now, since Sherlock seemed to prefer the other. He’d wheeled the telly over and was attempting to find something to watch. Mrs. Hudson had been right that every channel was available, even streaming services. John was trying to figure out how to get Netflix to work with the ancient remote and its three clicky buttons when someone knocked on the door.
Sherlock’s heart wasn’t stopping – probably wouldn’t stop unless John couldn’t keep him properly ventilated because Sherlock’s heart had a patch of pure Faerie Magic.
When the noise died down, Sherlock put the speaker once more against his ear and said, “Wonderful. I’ll expect delivery this afternoon… Tomorrow morning then, if that’s the best you can do.” And with that, Sherlock hung up the phone.
Whatever Sherlock was playing, it was melancholy and full of so much longing, John could feel it catching on something in the general area of his solar plexus. For the first time since they had begun these midnight rendezvous, he wished that he could continue down the stairs, into the warm lamp-light of the sitting room.
Sherlock stroked John’s thigh with the pad of his paw. “My claws are sharp, and I don’t always control them well. Practically every surface in this flat has repaired itself from scratches.”
Sherlock stood and tried to retie his robe. “It’s all meant to remind me that my current form is just an outward representation of the freak I’ve always been.”
John went to the sitting room and stood beside Sherlock’s chair. “So you’re hoping that Detective-Inspector… erm?”
His odd gait was the result of having digitigrade legs. The hooves — solid like a horse’s — explained the sound of his footsteps. His legs, what little of them John could see below the hem of Sherlock’s long blue dressing gown, were covered with a smooth coat of hair the same color as the fur on his hand except for ivory fetlocks. As John’s eyes moved upward, he noted that the bit of Sherlock’s chest and neck that were visible at the opening of the dressing gown were hairless, but the skin was as pale as milk. Even Sherlock’s lips were pale, barely tinged with pink. His eyes were also unusually light, though whether they were blue or green, John couldn’t tell. Those eyes were regarding him as intently as he was regarding their owner, and it was with difficulty that John broke away from that gaze. That was when he noticed that what he’d first assumed to be headphones were actually horns. They grew, thick and black, from the dark curls at Sherlock’s temples. From there they curved close to his skull, not over his ears but around them, and ended in pointed ivory tips near the hinge of his jaw.
“I don’t know the details,” she replied. “I just know that he’s always had the Sight. I gather that he solved a few cases no one else could because he was able to see the hand of the Fae in them. Eventually, he earned a reputation in certain circles, and it… ‘snowballed’ from there.”
And, if John were to be honest, it was better than waking up to… what his life had been these last months.
“So to speak. He’s the only person who can come and go freely from this place. How he managed the trick is anyone’s guess.”
John went to the kitchen and opened a random cupboard. It contained a tin of bagged tea and mugs. Mrs. Hudson had explained that the house would provide him anything he needed — anything he wanted, really.
Sherlock pointed to the drawers behind John. “Try the…” He waved his hand a bit. “…second from the bottom.”
“So I could feel your skin. So I could could slide my fingers back into your hair. And I’d open my mouth and I’d… push my tongue into yours just a little, just enough to stroke the tip of your tongue.”
Still he found himself wishing for a… cuddle? A transition of some kind? A come-down rather than a letdown?
“So he fixed the baby’s heart with a patch made of pure Faerie Magic. The child grew to be quite devastatingly handsome, truthfully, but also deeply, deeply… strange. He laughed at inappropriate things, got angry over nothing, thought of no one but himself. In the end, even his mother could no longer love him. Oh, she was fine with him as a concept, but not so much with the reality. She liked the story of her clever sacrifice that saved his life, but not the life that she had saved.
Sherlock laughed. “If it makes you feel any better, I spent my first night with human hands engaged in a solid half-hour of self-abuse.”
“I think I turned it off,” he said as he came back to the sitting room. “But just to be sure — it’s better to keep it where it can’t pick up our voices. Obviously, the zinc in the rose provides a second channel to someone.”
“He owed Moriarty his life from then on, literally,” said Sherlock. “Moriarty could take it whenever he pleased, without consequence. There’d be no need to get anyone else to do the dirty work, simply remove the spell and he’d succumb to his injuries.”
The scrutinising expression on Sherlock’s face was so perfectly what John had pictured that he grinned and shook his head.
He sat on the couch, missing Sherlock and flipping through channels on the telly. It was hard to find something he wanted to watch when the telly couldn’t read his mind. About three months, give or take, was how long it took to get spoilt apparently.
John felt his skin start to flush — was Sherlock cataloguing that too? Filing it away for future reference in that massive mind of his along with the way John’s nipples hardened or how his lips were parted below the blindfold?
He hadn’t taken Sherlock up on his offer to let him go, so he supposed he did want to be in the middle of it.
,” replied Mrs. Hudson. “A high-stakes game with the owner, a full-blood faerie named Orson. He should’ve known better. He
“Well, that won’t do. Come here.” Sherlock put his arms around him and rolled them over, taking care to keep his weight off John.
“If that had been the point, this Moriarty would’ve done something about your eyes and your mouth,” said John before his brain could catch up to what he was saying.
John wanted those hands. He wanted them on his body and he wanted Sherlock’s voice in his ear. He wanted all the desire that Sherlock was pouring into his instrument.
Mrs. Hudson beckoned to John. He stepped closer to her and looked into the room containing the mysterious Sherlock Holmes. It was a kitchen. John could see green tiles and white cabinets gleaming in the light from a shaded fluorescent fixture suspended from the ceiling. The tube clearly illuminated another pile of what John suspected was actually rather organized clutter, but it left the form of the person seated at the far end of the table in shadow.
Apparently Gavin (or whatever) did not prefer that Sherlock go through back channels. Sherlock held the speaker away from his ear for a bit while his (John assumed) contact at Scotland Yard offered his opinions (presumably) on obtaining archived evidence through back channels.
For the rest of the day, Harry seemed to have forgotten about John’s wardrobe, his love life, and the conjectural relationship between the two. She took a bath and made a shopping list that John went out and filled. They ate vegetable lasagna from Tesco.
“I don’t eat,” he said. “And my sense of smell is very keen, making food just another source of torture, really.”
“I went over the rules of my incarceration. You can’t see me in my human form, but there’s nothing saying you can’t touch me… if you want.”
“Listen! You don’t just get to fuck off to God-knows-where-but-it-sure-as-hell-ain’t-the-fucking-Hebrides and stick me with all your responsibilities for fucking
Is that what Sherlock meant by doing what he pleased with the life he considered his own? Had he tried to commit suicide? Is that why the syringe was on the mantle? To remind him of how he’d ended up cursed?
“You’ll be fine. Just take it easy for awhile. You’ve got plenty of food, and all your wash is done up.”
John didn’t know what to say to that. It had been legal for a man to shag a man his entire lifetime. Sherlock had lived through times when it had been a criminal act — one that brought horrific punishments.
“Maybe,” said John. “Maybe I’m a little cool. If I were down there, I really would untie your dressing gown and slip my arms inside and wrap them around you. Warm myself.”
Sherlock just rolled his eyes and moved down the bed until he was crouched between John’s thighs. He rubbed his horns against the sensitive skin on the inner side of each one and took John’s cock into his mouth without further ado.
John pulled off his slippers and set them aside a few steps up. He stood and undid the tie at the waist of his pyjamas. He let them fall and stepped out of them. He placed them with the slippers.
“You left for the ‘Hebrides’ — transportation from the Hebrides runs awful quick these days, by the by — nearly four months ago, with nothing but the clothes you were wearing as far as I can tell, and now you have a whole brand-new wardrobe which contains a hand-knit jumper, tailored shirts and jeans, and, as far as I can tell, a bespoke jacket. And that’s not to mention a pair of shoes that could pay for your old room for six months.”
“I do most of the time when it’s just Sherlock and me, but when there’s company — well, I like cooking, but I like it much better when I’ve someone around to appreciate it. Mr. Hudson, for all his many faults, always liked my cooking.”
“John Watson,” she said, shaking her head in exasperation. “You’re the most suitable person to ever come through here.”
Nestled in its blue velvet lining was an antique syringe and an amber glass vial containing some clear liquid. The needle lay gleaming in its own niche, waiting to be screwed onto the end of the syringe.
For the next few minutes, John simply sat, possibly with his mouth slightly open, certainly with his brow knit in concentration, while Mrs. Hudson bustled about, taking cups and saucers from the cupboard and hunting for some biscuits. She finally found them in the first cupboard she’d searched.
He kissed Sherlock again and worked his fingers under Sherlock’s horn to stroke his jaw and the curve of his earlobe.
So John started writing — mostly about Sherlock or the Case of the Brass Rose since there was little else of interest happening at 221B. Sherlock learned to use the computer quickly enough, and, despite his lack of dexterity, he was a better typist than John even if he did scratch up the “E” key so badly that it became illegible.
circa 1979 except for the fact that it was entirely trashed and covered in a thick layer of dust. Sherlock had spent the last four days looking at them and muttering about the dire incompetence of Scotland Yard.
“Alright.” John crawled across the bed to get the lube. He put a generous helping of it in his hands and warmed it. Then, taking Sherlock’s massive organ in both hands, he began getting it thoroughly wet.
That was the release Sherlock had sought months ago when he’d attempted for a second time to goad John into giving him the drug. John would have been evicted from the pocket dimension and Sherlock would finally know what it was to love someone and lose them.
Sherlock put his paw on John’s head and leaned forward to kiss him, pricking John’s scalp in the process.
John dug his fingers into Sherlock’s hair — something he’d been wanting to do for a while now — and tugged Sherlock’s face closer to his own.
“There are ways out,” said Sherlock. “There’s even one for Mrs. Hudson and myself. If you’re eager to go, there’s a fast and sure exit on the mantle there.”
“Because the way I remember it,” said John, “you promised to grab my arse.” John found a spot on Sherlock’s trapezius muscle and tested out a gentle bite.
John just laughed and tightened the arm he’d flung across Sherlock’s ribs, pulling himself closer to Sherlock.
And Sherlock tended to make himself scarce during any meal more involved than a slice of buttered toast.
John slipped the mobile into his pocket and went for his run. It rang just as he was coming back to 221B.
When John returned to the flat the next day, he found Mrs. Hudson in his armchair, sitting primly with a cup of tea and chatting with Sherlock who had folded himself into his own chair in an almost normal sitting position.
“Good,” said John. He stared into Sherlock’s eyes a moment longer, trying to read his expression. Well, it was better than staring at his prick, he figured, but still a good bit awkward. He hooked his thumb over his shoulder. “I’ll go take a shower now, then.”
John set down the knife he’d been using to butter his toast. He reached out and took Sherlock’s paw. He brought it to his face and kissed the palm. It was smooth and resilient, like the pad of a cat’s paw. He lifted his chin and moved the paw down to his neck. He pressed Sherlock’s claws into the skin over the blood vessels on the right side of his throat.
It had shaken John. He had been forced to revise his point of view on a number of things, but eventually he’d learnt to accept it even though he still shied away from revealing it to many.
“Alright,” John chuckled. “I want you to sit on the sofa. You can keep the dressing gown on. Unless you enjoy sticking to the leather.”
“It must be for you,” Sherlock said, wiggling his… digits as if John needed the reminder. After all, he had John pick up or open things for him five or six times a day on average.
“I’ll explain it all John, but first I want to make love to you, right here, in the full light of day, with no constraints — alright?”
“An eight-year-old could sort that out. You’ve wandered into an enchantment, Dr. Watson. One doesn’t just waltz back out again, you know, or did your parents never read you fairy tales?”
“Mrs. Hudson introduced you as a doctor. She wouldn’t do so if you weren’t a medical doctor. Your haircut and bearing say ‘military.’ Current events say you were stationed in the tropics. That you were a surgeon is more of an educated guess. There aren’t that many reasons to send a doctor into a war zone. You favor your left shoulder, but not your leg, which seems to not bother you enough for you to sit down despite the wide range of seating available.”
To his credit, Sherlock managed nearly 20 minutes of playing before he set the violin down and put his hand on John’s head. John suspected he was using the other to brace himself on his chair. A moment later Sherlock came, growling John’s name.
Sherlock dragged himself to a sitting position. “So modest, Mycroft. Usually, to hear you tell it, you practically
John looked down. “Slippers, a pair of pyjama bottoms, a grey t-shirt, and a dressing gown that I believe may be the Watson tartan.”
John tore his eyes off Sherlock long enough to make a quick assessment of the room. It appeared largely unchanged from four days ago.
John smiled at the old-fashioned euphemism and reached between his own legs. “They feel good,” he said. “Warm and heavy.”
He made an about-face and walked back toward the street he’d been on when he’d first encountered the fog. He already knew he wouldn’t find it. Still, he would do his due diligence. He walked back for fifteen minutes.
But his guard was down. It had become so automatic — music, dressing gown, slippers, stair — that John was still half-asleep by the time he was seated. The fact that they couldn’t see each other only added to the isolated, dreamlike quality of the conversations.
“I’m on the step with the tape,” called John. “It’s fine. I’m stopping here.” Then, because he couldn’t think of a better question, he asked, “Are you playing the violin?”
John’s hand found Sherlock’s other nipple. He pinched and tugged it in rhythm with the motions of his lips and tongue.
John’s hand sped up. Slow and firm might work for Sherlock, but John preferred fast and light when no one had thought to tell him to bring lube. It didn’t take him long — the situation was so unusual and erotic that he had already been nine tenths of the way there.
That out was obviously death — something Moriarty had gone to great lengths to deny Sherlock until now.
“Doesn’t matter. You can be their slave for a hundred years and they’ll discard you like week-old potato peelings or you can bake them a bran muffin and they’ll declare their eternal devotion. There is no rhyme or reason to any of it.
They fell quiet again for a few scenes. Guy and Lomper (The Ginger One’s name was Lomper. John remembered as soon as one of the other characters said it.) held hands at Lomper’s mum’s funeral.
He felt a disturbance of the air in front of him and heard the rustle of silk. Sherlock took his hands. John had guessed correctly — Sherlock’s fingers were long and his grip was strong. John could feel the calluses on Sherlock’s fingertips against his right palm.
“You can crawl into bed,” said John, walking her back to the bedroom. “But no dying. Only getting better.” He opened the top drawer of her bureau.
“I’d send her out, of course,” said Sherlock. “But yes. I’m nothing to them but a thorn in their side — a pest to be got rid of. I suspect most of them can’t understand why Moriarty bothered to curse me. I’d be long gone by now if he hadn’t.”
“Hmm?” Sherlock seemed to snap back from wherever he’d gone. “Yes. His lover, a remarkable woman named Irene Adler, slipped the chain around his neck — under the pretence of some sort of erotic game, presumably. The tag on the collar had an ‘M’ on one side and ‘Property of The Woman,’ Ms. Adler’s
“Protecting the holder from the iron and allowing him room to stand back for the man swinging the bat?”
“I can if you like,” said John, nuzzling his face into the crook of said neck. “Am I following a script?”
“Very funny, brother mine,” said the man with the package. He stepped around John and unceremoniously dumped the package on Sherlock.
“A great deal of profit. Her clientele was decidedly well-heeled. The story at the time was that Merryweather had somehow got hold of evidence that linked several highly-placed people to her.”
“I’m tired of this game,” said Sherlock. John could hear him doing whatever it was he did when he put the violin away.
Bit by bit, in order to keep her awake long enough to eat some soup, John got her to tell him — well, complain to him really — about her illness.
Sherlock lay on John, catching his breath. He shivered as John gently withdrew his finger and laid his hand against the eminantly cuppable curve of Sherlock’s arse. John brushed the curls back from Sherlock’s forehead with his clean hand. They lay like that for awhile, kissing occasionally.
It wasn’t a heartening thought even if he hadn’t much to get back to — a dreary bedsit, Harry’s intermittent attempts to engage him, and an appointment with his therapist in a week’s time. This was… likely some variety of nervous breakdown, actually, but the key word there was “variety.”
requires a great deal of strength and skill. As far as I know, the only modern Faerie who’s capable of it is Moriarty.”
John smiled despite himself. He wasn’t sure what he’d been expecting, but it wasn’t this. Perhaps if Sherlock had conjured a legion of familiars to whisper the facts of John’s life it would have been less surprising.
He was about halfway down the stairs when he saw that there was an object on the second step up from the tape line — the step he usually sat on — but he had to pick it up before he could tell what it was in the dim light.
John ducked and put his mouth to Sherlock’s nipple. He put his arm around Sherlock’s waist and pulled him closer, sucking softly, pulling the entire areola into his mouth and licking it with the flat of his tongue.
“It’s precisely because he helped Merryweather before that I suspect him now. If he didn’t want to pay the price for his little prank, it needed to be someone whose life was already forfeit to him.” Sherlock held up a finger to stop John from heading upstairs. “Of course I don’t have proof. That’s your job. Let me know as soon as you have it.”
“Alright, but then why would Moriarty want to fake his own death?  And why make it look like Irene Adler did it?” asked John.
And then there was the fact that he was just sitting up after… their hours together, but sending John off to bed before he transformed because — why?
?! What was he thinking? He’d long ago lost track of how many women he’d pulled over the years. He was charming and funny, and women enjoyed his company. They seemed to enjoy his bed as well.
“How would you kiss me?” asked Sherlock. “I presume you’ve had ample opportunity to perfect your technique.”
Sherlock smiled. “It required a great deal of ‘juice’ to create, but once in place, the pocket dimension greatly reduces the cost of maintenance. Mycroft is another story. He lives in the mundane world. Once he’d managed to create his brother’s keeper spell, Moriarty was forced to supply the magic for that as well, and that does make a noticeable dent in his power.”
Now she was back home and no longer contagious, just tired and congested. John’s only job now was to make sure that she didn’t neglect herself and land back in the hospital with some complication or another.
“Yeah? Well, in my vast experience, if I’m doing all of this, my partner is responding. Otherwise, I’d question whether they really wanted it. Do you? It’s okay if you don’t.”
He lay there, trying to decide if he’d just had a nightmare or an erotic dream with his cock voting for erotic dream.
“It’s magic,” said Sherlock. Then he licked John’s left testicle and put his mouth back on John’s prick.
“John, I swear I planned to tell you day after tomorrow. This just started two nights ago. I suspect it may be because you broke the vial.”
John took the weapon and held it, testing its familiar shape and weight in his hand. He checked that it was loaded and that the safety was on before replacing it. He pulled out his mobile and thumbed the home button. Still no signal and the charge had dropped to 68 percent. He powered the device down to save the battery and put it back in the drawer.
“Here we are,” said John as he unlocked the door of Harry’s flat for her and dropped the hospital bag containing her dirty clothes onto a chair. He’d stopped here earlier to drop off his bag and pick up a fresh set of clothes for her before fetching her from the hospital.
“She wouldn’t kill someone if she thought she had other recourse. She had nothing left to lose with Moriarty. She knew too much about him, and with her habit of keeping proof of other people’s indiscretions, he would be hunting her. There was only one way for her to be free of him.”
“The Fae, dear,” she said, putting a serving of the pudding on a plate and handing it to John. “He had a touch of the Gentry from his father’s side, and it gave him the Devil’s own luck. We were married for nearly a decade before I realised that he supported us entirely with his winnings. I’d thought him an independent gentleman…
“Are you going to take my word for that?” asked Sherlock, baring his teeth which were, honestly, the least bestial-looking part of him.
Sherlock made good on his word that night. When John came downstairs (after pausing to put on the blindfold, of course) Sherlock led him through the kitchen and into his bedroom.
So John listened. He sat on the cold, hard stair and let Sherlock’s song fill him, let it swirl around his body, let it reverberate in his chest and vibrate in the stiff flesh of his cock.
“In a minute. First, I’d want to bury my face in the crook of your neck — kiss you there and breathe you in.”
was removed, his organs didn’t have time to start back up before he succumbed to his injuries. A human, especially a very busy one, would hopefully ignore the unicorn in the room, and if that human didn’t — well, a little magical nudge would take care of it. But a faerie, seeing another faerie in that state, especially after that faerie had sounded a distress call? They haven’t solved the mystery, obviously, but they know something’s amiss. And whatever the plan was, that was not part of it.”
On the screen Guy and… The Ginger One (John hadn’t really been paying attention to the movie, and it had been years since he’d last seen it.) awkwardly dragged each other through a window wearing nothing but tiny red pants. Guy tripped over a ridiculously small credenza and nearly fell into The Ginger One’s arms. They stared at each other for a couple of beats of clearly homoerotic longing.
“I think you’re underestimating those other things, but this is good too — brilliant, in fact,” said John.
“I rather thought you were doing the planning tonight, but no, I have no intention of not finishing you.”
“What are you watching?” Sherlock turned onto his side so that he could see the telly, pressing the top of one horn painfully into John’s thigh as he did.
John felt Sherlock lean up and look over his shoulder, presumably at the brass clock that sat on the shelf at the foot of the sofa.
John thrust slow and firm along Sherlock’s plush, yielding cock, pressing and stretching the impossible length of the shaft until he was rubbing him cockhead to cockhead.
“You’re just now noticing?” asked John. “I’ve had a hard-on pressed against your hip for a quarter hour now.”
He grabbed a pair of jeans from the still-open drawer and a blue tartan shirt from the wardrobe and dressed quickly. He set the room to rights, strongly suspecting that this would be done for him had he chosen to leave it, but doing it anyway. He stopped in the bathroom one more time to comb his hair before finally going downstairs.
“Johnd?” She sounded awful. Her voice was almost a full octave deeper than usual and her nose was obviously stuffed up. “Why are you breathind like that? Did you andswer the phoned in the middle of shanggind Bister Hebrides?”
And those were the pictures his mind was painting when he came silently, catching his ejaculate with the hem of his undershirt.
“They make your butt look great,” she said. “Length is perfect too.” She shoveled in a couple more mouthfuls of potatoes.
Sherlock shook his head. “I’m between cases at the moment. That was an old one — I solved it, but not to my satisfaction.”
John crossed to the mantel and picked up the case. He took out the syringe and screwed the needle onto it. He took the vial in his other hand.
“As I said — he wanted me to believe he was really gone and that the magic sustaining all of this…” Sherlock waved a paw in the general direction of everything. “…would be gone soon. He wished to push me into the only out I have other than finding someone to break the curse.”
“Wiggins found an address for ‘Avery Dain’ — that’s the alias Moriarty used when he commissioned the rose sculptures. He purchased the building in 1980. An agency has been paying the taxes and basic upkeep ever since.”
leave, of course,” she said, smiling reassuringly. Then she looked down at her cup and sighed. “Sooner or later.”
“So you talk on that.” John nodded at the telephone. “And Irene Adler talked on this. I assume that one’s Merryweather’s?” He nodded toward a similar rose paperweight.
Sherlock was still and silent for a moment, his cheek still pressed to John’s thigh. Finally, he said, “Thank you,” and took John into his mouth.
“Right,” said John as Sherlock descended more gracefully than he’d just led John to believe he could. “Thanks for the tip.”
“Thank you, dear.” She stood up and moved the plates to the sink. “But I can’t take full credit tonight. I’m afraid I got distracted and utterly burned the roast. I let the kitchen fix it.”
“I want that. I want you to feel good.” He pinched Sherlock’s nipple a little harder, escalating the sensation the way he knew Sherlock liked. Sherlock arched slightly, pressing his nipple into John’s hand. “I want to watch you feeling good, Sherlock, because of me, because I’m making you feel that way.”
He snapped at my heels and fingers, but I was under no delusion that he couldn’t have bitten me if he had wanted to. My practice runs with Skye had the Pup nipping at me, showing me what wolves did when they were really hunting. Wolf-John was doing none of those things. He was play-hunting.
Skye burst in, bright as always and grinning with merriment. And before I could warn him about the stranger in the room, he shifted and bounded over to me, putting his paws in my lap and lolling his tongue out in a delighted wolf-laugh.
Small Wolf whined eagerly, and rubbed against my legs. He was behaving like a very large dog – in fact, though I’d dubbed him Small Wolf, he was a tad bigger than a German shepherd. If I had to guess, he would match a well-fed, muscular male grey wolf. I looked at Sherlock. “Do we bring the wolf?”
“Yes,” Skye said, scrambling up to perch on the arm of the sofa. “A furry rug is infinitely more comfortable than a skip, isn’t it?”
“Like hell he will,” Skye answered hotly. “I’m Ayhan, not British, and he wouldn’t know me if not for You-Know-What. Besides, I’m just the mentor.” He looked pointedly at me.
I whirled, rolling my eyes. “Because if that hypothesis is correct, the devil is a much maligned, exceedingly pleasant fellow.”
Taking a breath that seemed only to stall for time, the elder Holmes brother said, “I need you to trust me, Dr. Watson, implicitly. When you see a car at 221B Baker Street at exactly 7:00 this evening, ask the driver if the fishing is good. If he answers ‘You’d have better luck in Sussex’, get in.”
As soon as the wolves were no longer snarling and biting, Sherlock was by my side, looking honestly terrified. “What do I do, John?”
She gladly showed us the maroon folder of evidence – snapshots of Rich Brook’s career as an actor, interviews, casting articles, a CV, everything. Phoenix flipped through it methodically in a way that reminded me of Sherlock himself, who was still staring at Moriarty.
Skye, his teeth bared, lifting his arm to shoot thrice into the air for some privacy – “John, look at me” –
Mrs. Hudson was dragged upstairs and questioned – lino on Tuesday, not important, deleted – while I thought out loud. Skull, no. Shelves – no, no, hmm… disturbance on the far right. And… aha! I pried the little camera off the shelf as Lestrade and John entered the room. It was then that I noticed that not only had John gone down, Phoenix and RJ had also not followed us back to the flat. Hm.
Technically, he already had, with no qualms at that, but it seemed a bit not good to bring that up now. Instead, I replied, “I don’t think you’ll regret it. He’s really not bad, John. Even with your strict moral principles, I believe you’ll find agreeing to his adventures acceptable. And you wouldn’t have these annoying blackouts anymore.”
My voice softened. “There’s nothing in you that warrants this fear and hatred, truly. I’m not just saying that because of my… dalliances with him. If that’s what you think. I am simply doing my best to analyse the situation and reach a conclusion desirable to all involved.” Somewhere during that speech I’d slipped from embarrassed lover to scrutinising scientist.
I merely stood between him and the flat’s door, adrenaline flying through my bloodstream. Though my heart pounded in my chest and my blood roared in my ears, I was overtaken by the calm and cold of the case. My senses were on the alert, my brain up and running perfectly. I was in top condition.
So no help from Skye, then. And yet… eager though Sherlock seemed to handle my full moons, I was still uncertain. I should be able to handle them by myself. “If you’re sure,” I said at last. “But at the first sign of any violence, I’m moving out.”
“Do you require the use of the chair to work effectively?” Suddenly he turned towards us and his eyes were flashing golden fire. “Listen, last night they sent me a video of Rollo being tortured. I don’t want to slow down for you to decide whether or not you want to come along. I know it’s wiser to be your ally, but I will continue to search for him, regardless of your company.” He sprang to his feet with frightening vigour. “All I want is for him to be returned to me, and I will stop at nothing,
“Because this is an extremely delicate matter, Dr. Watson, and I cannot afford to let three unauthorised and unaccounted-for
Aleksandr stood up with a tint of peevishness in his indigo eyes. “Maximka, if that’s all, I’ll be going. You can come if you want. I don’t really care.”
A child that age couldn’t have been acting that well – Claudette was genuinely terrified of me. It wasn’t a general reaction – she hadn’t reacted that way either to the NSY officers or to Phoenix and RJ. Therefore only my specific features scared her, meaning that the criminal Moriarty hired must have looked like me, because there was no other way to make a seven-year-old child associate me with trauma.
I didn’t understand. It was just draft sheets and layout prints. I scanned the upcoming article, and there was no actual proof – just arguments that turned circles and didn’t address the issue. I had no doubt that Kitty was a good enough journalist, but the way she wrote the article would never have changed the minds of anyone who believed Sherlock was really a detective. Injecting upset into my voice, I murmured, “Invented him?”
We passed a bit more time with useless small talk before RJ cut to the chase at last. “You’re here about the case, aren’t you?” He was so sure it wasn’t a question, only a strangely worded statement.
“Honestly, I have no idea. A month’s research and interviewing with other werewolves hasn’t brought me any closer to the answer. The data does agree, however, that you are firmly
shower. I’d spend the day as normally as I could, in as friendly a way as possible. Hopefully after he’d had his wish the wolf would doze for a bit.
It really was, and soon I had only an ugly scar to show for it. “Let's go home,” I said. Before the police arrived, alerted by the alarm, and accused us of robbery and murder.
” Sherlock nodded. The genuine smile on their faces comforted me somewhat, but I was still unnerved. “So I didn’t kill anyone?” I repeated to Sherlock.
I shut him down, obviously. “You don't get to have things your way, John. Not this time. Not about this.”
person I know, and the rest of it is because he loves me back. Oh, and the person in question is Sherlock and he’s reading this over my shoulder, since we’ve just been out on a date to Angelo’s (and yes, I asked for a candle this time). So we’re on cloud nine with no intention of coming back to Earth, ever.
But the silver bullet was loaded. I felt the finality of it resting on me like the weight of a dead body. If my plan failed, John wouldn’t allow himself to live.
“Come on then, Mycroft got us a little place.” Sherlock handed me back my mobile. “Isolated, of course, and prime spot for a werewolf and a ghost on holiday. Dartmoor air
“You’d have better luck in Sussex, sir,” responded the driver, and as the window rolled back up I got in and curled up against the door.
… I’ll be doing the explaining – in print. It’s all here – conclusive proof. You invented James Moriarty, your nemesis.”
“Case isn’t over yet, brother dear,” Sherlock muttered belligerently. “And there are two dogs. The bigger one’s asleep outside.” Well, that wasn’t entirely a lie… “What do you want?”
,” I cried. Shameful slip of the tongue, that ‘else’, but his words could not help but make me think of my childhood dog. No. I would not feel that wretchedness, that helplessness, again. Once was enough and John was not a dog.
So how do you think I can incorporate TRF into the denouement? How involved do you guys think the SRP (Skye, RJ, and Phoenix) trio should be in this one?
With that, the little enigma who’d decided to invade my life to help me shrugged his denim jacket more comfortably around his shoulders, adjusted his gloves, and made for the door.
There was no way I would be able to do this without revealing the existence of the experiment – John’s fear of the wolf was too deep-running. I needed to overcome it in order to get the untainted facts I wanted.
I tried to ignore the fact that Sherlock looked both mildly impressed and a bit scared, and objected. “He was a kid! Didn’t he have a guardian who could take responsibility? Couldn’t he have just been put on probation or something? Don’t you have juvie where you live?”
“You were tearing yourself apart!” he protested. “You were shutting down, a star turning into a black hole, and I – and I had to stop that from happening. For Sherlock, if nothing else.” His eyes, blurry with tears, shone the same grey-blue-green as Sherlock’s. “I couldn’t let you do that to yourself.”
, I’ve never wanted Irene Adler!” I chuffed, almost wolfish myself. “You’re safe from anyone like her; no need to bristle.” I shot him an exasperated Look.
“Hey Sherlock –” I held the paper out to him as we paused for breath, two or three blocks away from where Skye had shot the assassin. “Have you seen this? A kiss and tell. Some bloke named Rich Brook.” His hand in mine curled reflexively; the name meant something to him.
Gun forgotten, I leapt into the fray, disabling the aggressors in hand-to-hand combat. For once I didn’t care about fighting fair – I cared about getting Sherlock the fuck out of there.
If I found it weird and a bit appalling that Sherlock’s parents weren’t at their son’s funeral, it slipped my mind in the midst of the numb torture that was being at said funeral.
“When did you change your mind?” I asked teasingly, smirking as I flicked the kettle on and put some toast in for Sherlock.
“With the stress you were under, you couldn’t cope with what you were experiencing. If I hadn’t, you would’ve gone comatose, or worse,” RJ explained. “I… okay, for a non-telepath you have a surprisingly visually-oriented mind. Most non-telepaths’ brains are organised in a way more abstract manner. Well, all I had to do was cut off the memories’ neural connections, so to speak.”
I came up with a compromise. “If it comforts you, I’ll even take the gun. If what I have in mind doesn’t work, I’ll kill you myself before I let you murder anyone. I swear.” I left out the fact that if that happened I would follow him, but I must have let the sincerity through, since he handed me the gun without a peep.
Skye laughed, and I chuckled awkwardly at his quip. “So you’re saying I’m a harmless little doggy?” It couldn’t be that simple, could it? I’d seen the werewolf that turned me, and though Skye was a likable little boy most of the time, I’d seen glimpses of his pure-steel wolfish core. True wolves were harsh at their best and vicious at their worst. And our sources were coherent in describing werewolves as bloodthirsty, more often than not cannibalistic, monsters. So why wouldn't
“It was simpler,” I replied, shrugging. She’d have had him – or both of us – sectioned if we’d stopped to explain his sudden lack of polite self-control and his peculiar word choice.
Moriarty, though,” I said. “We’ve met, remember? You might’ve forgotten, but try and remember… yeah, remember the pool? You were gonna blow me up.”
“Why not? It’s not as though anyone would have believed you.” I shrugged. “Another supernatural nutter.”
We couldn’t cure his condition, but we could learn to live with it. Once, when John was out doing some errand or other, I laid my plan out before Skye. Annoying though the Pup could be, he had survived about 260 full moons (if I was correct about his earliest memories being from both forms), and was the expert.
When John again tried to persuade me to attempt the abominations, I repeated that I was in no way going to torture him, even if the wolf made it unsafe to be around him. “We’ll find a way that doesn’t involve unnecessary torture,” I said forcefully.
what he’s doing?” I blurted in pure frustration to no one in particular. Why couldn’t John see that the wolf wasn’t something to be afraid of at all?
“Cocoa, please,” Skye called. Phoenix’s strident tone carried over him: “Anything sweet, Dr. Watson?”
*cackles* Yeah, I'm leaving you guys here for a while. Comments keep writers writing! *shameless begging* Please.
“You’ve taken up dog-sitting now, have you?” Mycroft seemed derisive, but I detected a slight scent of fear rolling off him. What was he afraid of?
I have to admit, this took me completely off guard. What I had previously discounted as impossible was suddenly very, very real – hell, the Ayhan werewolf, Skye, had transformed right in front of my eyes! I had to go into my mind palace and fix a few things that were malfunctioning because of it.
“I do,” said John, moving his leg slightly to find a more comfortable position. The coat of hair that covered Sherlock from the waist down had become ruffled and was prickling the inside of John’s thigh distractingly. “I just didn’t realise there was quite so much energy involved. It seems like a lot of trouble to go through just to punish someone for not saying ‘Thank you.’”
And again — until John had clarified to Sherlock’s satisfaction just exactly what he meant by “things.”
“More here?” asked John, increasing the pressure on Sherlock’s testicle. “Or here?” He carefully slipped another finger under Sherlock’s foreskin.
“Tomorrow I’ll ring Lestrade. He must have something that requires my expertise. And I’ll advertise my services, of course. It shouldn’t take long to find work. People do keep murdering each other and pilfering things.”
something. He looked up and down the dark street, and then he saw it — the small point of light. It was dim, and he couldn’t tell how far off it was, but it was steady, and walking toward it qualified as doing something.
So with no better options presenting themselves, John stood as well. “Right, then,” he said, and followed Mrs. Hudson back out to the hall and up the stairs.
“I assume he had some way to make Merryweather look like he hadn’t had the shit beat out of him,” said John.
What had Sherlock said? “There are ways out.” Then he’d shown John the little case on the mantel. He’d told John there was also a curse that could be lifted.
“Correct me if I’m wrong, but aren’t most criminals trying to keep their crimes a secret from the authorities?”
“I fail to see,” growled a deep voice, “why every stray that washes up on the doorstep somehow belongs to me.”
“I’d probably like it if you bit my lip a little,” said Sherlock. “It would be a pleasant shock after you started so gently. My lip would be sensitive, full of blood from you sucking on it. I’d have your tongue and your breath in my mouth. Inside. I’d try to pull your tongue in further, hold it there. Taste it.”
It was a charming smile, thought John. Roguish, one might say. The sort of smile that lifted the heart of the person who put it there — even if he hadn’t the faintest idea how he’d done it.
Sherlock shrugged dismissively. He and John had pored over the photographs of Dain’s “home” for hours. What Sherlock had at first assumed were photographs of Dain’s acquaintances turned out to be artworks featuring celebrities. If it weren’t for John, Sherlock would still be trying to puzzle out who some of them were, but Sherlock wasn’t terribly thrilled with being dependent on John’s knowledge of pop culture.
Sadly, just as Skye opened the door, a very familiar silver-haired DI stumbled through, clearly not expecting the door to be suddenly opened.
Just outside Baker Street, Skye was waiting, fully transformed. He let his tongue loll out in a wolf-laugh when the two of us joined him, and he yipped and bowed before Wolf-John, who nipped the top of his ear playfully.
The detective and I nearly jumped out of our skins. A young man of about twenty was seated at the foot of my armchair. He had straight, shining gold hair and an upturned nose that was almost cute. He wore a denim jacket, black fingerless gloves, a grey shirt, nondescript trousers, and – were those boots? Actual leather boots?
“I know. All I’m asking is that you try. Every now and then, when you can. For science, John!” I cajoled enthusiastically, having successfully summoned the detachment necessary to talk about it without blushing.
“Not that hungry anymore,” Wolf-John (note to self: make up a better name for Wolf-John) assured me. Then he startled me again, nuzzling my hand and saying, “I don't suppose you'd sleep with me.”
“For a short period of time. He’s also a mild telekinetic, so his talents there go up to throwing me my markers down to me in the street if I forget them. His power as a telepath means that he can form mental bonds with people he has an emotional connection to. I happen to be one.” He swore. “They’re giving him something to block off our bond. It can’t be weakened except by us, so they’re
I stood perfectly still, the safety of the gun in my hand still on. I was acutely aware that I was betraying him in a way, but I needed to try this one last resort.
Uncharacteristically, he came straight to the point. “I saw something that concerned me on the surveillance footage of last night,” he replied. “I’m sure you know what I’m talking about, Sherlock.”
A giant wolf jumping on you and then quite intent on trying to chew through your chest is bloody painful, let me tell you. I really thought I'd die. And the only thing going through my head was
I started, then I remembered. “Well, yeah,” I said sheepishly. “It wasn’t intentional, in case you were –”
“For one, you don’t have your gun,” he replied, unafraid. “For two, it’s rather bad manners to throw out a guest, don’t you think?” His eyes were glacial blue – only a shade lighter than the blue Sherlock’s eyes took on when they fancied. Hold on, glacial blue? I recognised that shade.
Sherlock huffed, and I was almost tempted to tell him to apologise to the little bugger, if only to take the growl out of his voice.
“How do you know my name?” I demanded, tempted to run back into my room and grab my gun just for the sake of scaring this kid. Of course, I doubted it could hurt him anyway.
Phoenix’s and Skye’s faces were grave, as if they too had bad news for me. “We’re all sorry, John.” Skye’s hand was gentle on my shoulder. I looked up at him, and I saw a boy who had been forced to do something unforgivable. “We did something that’s borderline illegal back home, and… well, it’s a lot not good. I don’t regret it, but I do think you will.”
. There was every fucking reason to put me down. Sherlock had even promised, and then he'd failed me. Yes, it seemed stupid to seethe against being alive, but I didn't want to be a bloodthirsty
I tore through the door, not bothering to shut it. Ripping down the stairs and out the front door of 221, I raced down the street with my transport thrumming with excitement. I loved this part of a case, if it ever came, though not as much as the mental stimulation part. He did catch up with me, of course, and I almost slowed to admire the smoothness of his run. Truly, Nature had moulded the wolf – and werewolf – for the hunt.
Molly was a particularly good asset. No one ever thought of Molly; even I’d overlooked her at first as just another boring romantic girl with a crush on me. She
“Yeah.” I shrugged. “Didn’t really see the need to get Mycroft or Greg – that’s Lestrade, by the way – involved.”
“Yes,” I grouched. It was undeniable anyhow. “The point is that I’m not going to suddenly dump you because you’re John. In fact, the only reason I allowed this arrangement of ours at all is
(bold and underlined at Sherlock’s insistence), so kindly avoid it in the near future, should you happen to see us about.
And yet another instinct curled in my chest; I was the leader. I was superior in position to this Pup and he should know that. I bared my teeth at him and snarled. Amazingly, he dropped back and perched on my armchair with a look of approval.
“Of course, they’re not the whole force,” RJ put in. “But they’re a significant enough amount of it that magic is part of their operations. I recognised quite a few sigs.”
“Nobody move,” Skye purred, the sound no more existent than light. It was more a thought than anything else. “I made this vacuum, and only I can let you out of it.”
I curled up sulkily; that, apparently, was all the answer he needed. He sighed. “I don’t want to.” His tone turned affectionate and lightly exasperated. “See, this is what happens when you assume things. You get it all wrong.”
Nothing to learn there. I consulted John, who looked at the clues I’d amassed and pointed out that the leaks weren’t about either dramatic national events or me, which probably meant Moriarty wasn’t involved. He seemed relieved about that, which I could understand based on his earlier reactions.
She shook her head. Sher rolled his eyes. “Oh, come on, Kitty. No-one trusts the voice at the end of a telephone. As I tugged my hand free and tossed the cuffs at Skye, he continued: “There are all those furtive little meetings in cafés; those sessions in the hotel room where he gabbled into your dictaphone.”
The younger blond turned to me. For the first time I caught a glimpse of the icy, harsh, purely wolfish core that had allowed the young man to survive to reach the age of twenty-two. “No, but he did it so violently others might think he is. No man is an island, Sherlock. Not even wolves. In fact they’re intensely social creatures, and while John has his pack – which is you – he needs to be able to interact with other werewolves without any hitches. And no wolf likes one who attacks his own pack.”
We had been contacted by the relative of a young girl whose brutal death had found no explanation satisfying enough for our client. It had been chalked up to rabid strays – as she was literally half-eaten – but she worked with dogs and the relative was sure she'd know how to deal with them. Sherlock had connected to her death a few other similar cases which had happened on a widespread area, all too strangely timed for it to be really the work of wild dogs.
I supposed it made sense. Many people had hidden desires that they never indulged for many reasons. John would be no exception. If his ‘hypothalamus’ was coming on to me so strongly, perhaps it was because, on some level, John did want me.
I had just determined to salvage the situation by any means necessary when she caught on and demanded, “Pack?” she echoed, shifting a suspicious glance at him. “The Freak's?” Her gaze now landed accusingly on me. “What did you do, drug him?”
“I don’t know if he will, to be honest,” Skye replied. “He’s stuck to RJ like glue, and RJ’s in no shape to be going anywhere for a while. They’ll probably be out of commission for a while. Sorry, you’re stuck with the sniffer dog.”
“That’s not very likely to happen,” Skye assured me. “Since Sherlock is… well, dead, you’re not going on any cases anytime soon, and I assume that phrase was related to a previous case. Anyway, the probability of the client from that previous case showing up again and saying
Could I deny it? I had to, if I didn’t want an empty flat, but again the words glued my throat shut. God, no wonder ordinary people were such idiots, with all this sentiment choking down and clouding their higher functions. But this was John, who was also capable of such intoxicating thrall that the pain was its own reward and the sweet bits were treasure. I looked him in the eye knowing that this was probably one of the worst things I’d ever done, and breathed, “Yes.”
“Only if we can come too,” RJ said firmly. Looking distantly out the window so as to appear distracted, I muttered an agreement. There was a bit of an argument that I phased through, until John’s “Sherlock? Something weird” had everyone freezing as the door opened and he stumbled into the battlefield. “Oh. Case?”
“’Confirmed bachelor John Watson’.” I chuckled, slapping the paper down. “Got to give them credit, though, they did their research for once.” I sobered immediately. The fact that we were dating wasn’t really a big secret – after all, I had posted it on the blog – but the fact that the media was tracking down my blog and making articles about us wasn’t exactly comforting.
meant that way. Even if they were, it wasn’t as though they would lead anywhere. John very emphatically
Several bandages and painkillers later, John suggested that we go to the Hawthorne-Wilde flat instead of making them come to us, but Skye informed us that the pair were still in hospital and would probably be for quite some time, so that project was postponed until the morrow.
before everything went dark. The next thing I knew I was opening my eyes to a ruffled detective and a slightly peeved RJ. “– can’t just do that, Reyalon,” he was saying.
I saluted. Sherlock nodded. Phoenix said his farewells, and nodded to Skye before the pair sped off. By this point in my life things had ceased to surprise me as much, so a man younger than me being able to keep up with a sizeable male wolf was the least weird thing I’d seen in a long, long time.
“You don’t know Sherlock then,” I replied, my voice growing more confident. “He’s on the case, and if he can’t solve it in time he will never forgive himself until he gets his own form of revenge.”
Sherlock flicked an unreadable glance at RJ, whom Phoenix was bending over and cradling gently. “He was awake when they brought me here. He’s a telepath, like Skye, so I was able to think to him that Phoenix and I had been working on this case for the past week, and that Phoenix was close. He’s RJ Hawthorne.”
what we’re discussing. I have a working hypothesis to make you more aware of his doings, which you yourself indicated to be desirable to you. All I’m asking is that you stop being so
“That’s John for you,” Sherlock piped up, from where he was examining the pavement with his field-glass. “I said ‘dangerous’…”
“Me. Give me ten minutes of head start and then come find me. But no getting distracted along the way, or I'll win too easily.” The challenge should have kept him focused. And if he took the term
When I finally ducked out of my mind palace, it was the next morning and John was urging me to take a bath and let him change my bandages. I, of course, acquiesced.
“Trust me one last time, John,” I entreated, worried that he would deem controlling him not good enough and go ahead and shoot anyway, so I was purposefully vague. Skye privately agreed with me.
“Aye,” he agreed. So that was the explanation for the strange accent. It sounded like a blend of American and British and a little bit of – what was that, Russian? “That’s where I’m from. Canarim, specifically.”
“You want to take me to the station. Just saving you the trouble of asking.” I finally looked up from the camera to find a frazzled-looking Lestrade staring at me. I barely let him get past my name before I interrupted. “The screaming?”
“What the hell are you talking about?” He whirled around with a perplexed look. “Why would I want to?”
I watched in shock as the young man snapped his fingers in front of Sherlock’s eyes and the detective went out like a light. I didn’t even have time to think
The blond struggled out from Sherlock’s grasp, shifted, and streaked behind me. He shifted again and laughed. “You know those bullets wouldn’t hurt me, John. Even in human form, those bullets would have to be silver to hurt an Ayhan werewolf. British ones, I’m not so sure.”
“Where do you think you're going?” I asked. Strangely, I wasn’t afraid of the wolf itself, only for what would happen if I failed to execute my ‘experiment’ successfully.
Sorry, just thought it would give a bit more context. I couldn't find a way to input that into the text, but it does contextualize the nicknames and emphasize the fractured relationship between the Nordskov brothers.
“And you didn’t tell me about this because you were worried I would suspect Skye himself of being part of the Web,” Sherlock finished, striding into the room, as dramatic and well-dressed as always.
And apparently the bloody kid was still a little telepathic, because though Sherlock settled back down on the couch like a curly-haired cat, pulled his laptop – his for once – back towards him and began fiddling with it, Skye yanked me aside.
Skye must have picked up on that thought, because he said, “I only joined you for a short time before running off to forage, but it looked like some very harmless fun. Tag, to be precise.” Sherlock actually blushed at that, and Skye rolled his eyes. “Don’t be so embarrassed, Sherlock. Everyone’s done it at some point in their lives, unless they were unable to.”
a criminal empire there, and if we left it alone eventually another spider would come to control it. We wouldn’t just have to kill Moriarty. We had to break up the web.
Excuse number four. Hm. “Might have, but I thought it would’ve worn off by now,” I lied breezily, talking over John’s “He didn’t”.
I’d never been as grateful to or for Greg as right then. Apparently Sherlock had committed suicide. That didn’t make the pain any better. It was agony, and that’s all I’ll say.
Skye set his jaw. “You two, back to Baker Street. John, you’ve got a full moon night to work through. Get through it first, and then we can talk about finding RJ. Sherlock, help him. Phoenix, you’re coming with me.” He shifted.
I was lead down the stairs by a sighing Lestrade, passing a smug-looking man who seemed to be Lestrade’s superior (any other details I deduced are irrelevant). A few moments later we heard a thud, then a scuffling sound and Donovan calling out, “Inspector!
I had always known that Sherlock would be the death of me someday (by proxy, of course; he wasn't a murderer). But I had never factored in – not even after Baskerville – that something quite like this could happen.
When we got out Sherlock’s scent, mixed with the attackers’, was heightened in the air, along with the copperish tang of blood. I growled, but beside me Phoenix gave a cry. “What is it?”
“Stop it,” Sherlock growled, and I imagined black hackles rising as his voice rose to a roar. “Stop it
John took a deep breath and rested his forearms on the counter. “Sherlock, I appreciate all this, and I know your best is pretty much the absolute possible best, but you have to understand… trusting it – him… is going to be really, really
“That was when you became alpha,” Skye informed me. “I ceded the position since you’d had your first shift.”
“Well, if I had to trust anyone with it, it’d be you, even if you weren’t involved from the start. I don’t know how we’re going to do this, but we’ll figure it out, yeah?”
“Hey, hey now.” He touched my shoulder so I faced him, offering me the warmest, fondest smile I knew (43). His hand was rubbing circles into my tense muscle. “Look at me properly, Sherlock.” I obeyed reluctantly and sullenly, raising my eyes to his. “I love you, you great git. I love you too.”
not a dog.” The acidic words almost physically burned me, and I recoiled. Who the hell was this man and what had he done with Sherlock Holmes? Not even in the beginning had Sher been so scornful.
“There's nothing to hunt,” I reiterated, injecting a hint of the steel Skye used into my voice. Did that count as scolding? Skye had made it clear that he was alpha, so I wasn’t.
That reminded me. “Can you do something for me?” I asked, suddenly solemn. When he nodded, I said, “This is going to sound absolutely daft, but I’m being serious. I might freeze or do anything else natural of extreme shocks.”
“You figure it out. I'm going to sleep and hope that this turns out to be a nightmare,” I replied, leaving him and Small Wolf alone in the living room as I went to bed. He wouldn’t harm Sherlock, of that I was fairly sure. He could have done it many times before now, and he hadn’t.
“John,” I called, my voice steady and unwavering. I tried not to think about the gun in my other hand.
The young king met my eyes, and the only thing I saw there that mattered was that he would go to any lengths to keep his brother alive and happy. It was… an odd, Mycroftian kind of love. “Keep him safe.”
The adjournment to the cemetery was the worst. Wolves don’t traditionally bury their dead, and Skye had explained to me the day before that sometimes werewolves are stressed at burials because their wolves fundamentally don’t understand the practice, especially if the deceased person was close to the werewolf.
When Wolf-John had fully changed, he grinned mischievously. “You’d better run tonight. I’m still not really convinced you wouldn’t be better as a wolf.”
A week whirled by, full of clues, false scents, and frustration. At the end of each day, Sherlock slumped into his mind palace, Phoenix crashed asleep on the sofa, Skye curled up near the stairs outside, and I retired to my cosy bed – all of us run ragged and with tempers dancing on a string.
“Cuddling?” he suggested hopefully, and I gave into him. We settled onto the sofa, and I hugged him. I’m not ashamed to say I stroked the gold-and-silver fur. It was like hugging Redbeard again, although the smell was distinctly different. The sofa surprisingly accommodated a rather large werewolf and a tall man somewhat comfortably, and I found that it was far more than nostalgia. I liked this. I would miss it.
I made an ‘hm’ of agreement and checked the Wi-Fi networks; five, all in a foreign language for a foreign user. Signal strength is directly proportional to distance, meaning that two of them were very close and the others were moderately so. “All of the attention is focused on me. There’s a surveillance web closing in on us right now.”
“What?” he grumbled. I was taken aback before I remembered that Skye was an Ayhan werewolf, and that the British one had talked normally. Going by his tone, Wolf-John was annoyed – at least if I read him right. It was hard enough for me when I read humans.
He wasn’t like Skye at all. While Skye was dusky gold, dark silver, and blinding white like a desert, John was shining gold and pure silver like a crown. I was being horribly sentimental with these romanticised descriptions, but it seemed fitting. He was bigger than Skye, but was otherwise familiar.
“You think he caught them?” asked the wolf, much in the same manner John had asked me if I was wearing any pants when my overbearing brother picked me up and brought me to Buckingham Palace with nothing but a sheet on. I giggled at the memory. “Since they were werewolves,” I said in reply, “he’s probably acquainted them with the newspaper instead.”
to hear how very like Moriarty he sounded, even in RJ’s English translation of his Canar. “Say that again,
The Pup chuffed lightly and rubbed his muzzle on John’s chest. Almost as though marking him. He didn’t say – or think – a word, though, because John sighed. But a private telepathic thought reached me:
“I need the grief to be genuine, at least for a while,” I explained. “He’s not a very good actor; he’s too honest. If I tell him I’ll fake my death he’ll make his mourning either too low-key or too over-the-top – either way, we’re going to get caught. –”
I transformed that night, and I was miserable. Skye tried to get me to come run with him, but my wolf and I were both too sad, to put it lightly. In the end, I ended up riding out the full moon nights either haunting the streets of London like a ghost, or buried in one of the boys’ sleeping bags in the upstairs room as the piled around me – a sort of sad sleepover, if you will.
Skye rolled his eyes. “Humans and werewolves are closely related, so obviously humans count as pack if so chosen. And you – you’re so obviously pack it makes my teeth hurt.” He licked his two front teeth for emphasis. “I’m going to get cavities from you two.”
I looked up to see Sherlock stalking forward, his teeth bared. “It’s all over,” Moriarty chittered. “It’s all –
When I woke up, I was in 221B on my bed with the three boys curled together in a ball on the floor. Skye blinked awake and met my eyes, then turned around and shook the other two until they were awake too. Blinking the sleep from their eyes, they gathered at my feet. Skye was in his usual denim jacket, white shirt, and leather boots. RJ was in a light grey cashmere jumper, with a minty blue collar poking out. Phoenix’s slept-in-my-clothes look was confirmed by the wrinkled green-plaid shirt and the lopsided black tie, though he’d lost the ridiculous coat.
“Rollo and I have a bond, of sorts. He’s a telepath/telekinetic, so it was easy. He has a sort of presence in the back of my mind, and the moment he was kidnapped it started fading. I can’t feel him at all now, and it’s…” He scrubbed at his face wearily. “It’s draining me.”
And this is… a bit of a shout-out to some friends of ours who may or may not have seen this coming. Well, if any of them happen to be reading my blog, which is a bit of a shot in the dark because I don’t know if they even know I have a blog. Hey, you three, you know who you are. Thanks for taking the case so this could happen.
The IOU was a bit more disturbing, seeing as it followed a similar one carved into an apple left at Baker Street.
time was to pick a fight – like this time. “Your behaviour is unprofessional, childish, and frankly very tiring.”
The tall detective, with his knowledge of hand-to-hand combat, should’ve been more than a match for the wolf-boy, but Skye kicked up his knees, throwing Sherlock off balance for a second. The two of them fell to the ground and began to scuffle, while I ran to my room and brought back my gun.
Another reason for veering away from the more frequented roads was Mycroft’s cameras, but there were simply too many. Ah well, I would simply have to explain, possibly fight my brother to remain by John’s side. Overbearing berk.
Skye suddenly bared his teeth. It wasn’t a threatening move, as some sort of instinct in me recognised. It was a show of dominance, a contest. I bared my own teeth back and growled.
When I began to protest, Phoenix held up a hand. “There’s a sort of security system. If the trigger word is said, there are consequences. This is it. Don’t say it out loud.” He handed me a slip of paper.
As for me, I was shocked. I thought I had the most annoying brother in the world. “As you see, Sherlock, you’re not the only one with a brother you’d love to kill sometimes. Skye, on the other hand, would like nothing more than to prove his brother wrong. He wants to succeed, if only to rub it in his brother’s face.”
“They were going to send that video to Mycroft?” I asked, surprised. I understood why the vids of RJ would be sent to Phoenix (of course, they were dating) but the Holmes brothers? They rarely resisted from taking snipes at each other’s expense.
. I started crying when I got to the part where we began dating, and if it was terrible before, it went downhill from there. I don’t think anyone understood the end of it, through all the sporadic sobbing and ugly-crying, but it was a bit cathartic to step down from my official farewell to the best and wisest man I knew, and collapse against Greg, who put a comforting arm around me.
With that, Sherlock clopped back to the kitchen. John watched him disappear into the darkness and heard a distant door closing rather ungently.
John? You know I’m useless for further amatory pursuits when I’m like this.” He swept his paw down his body.
He got up and went into the bathroom, pulling off his clothes along the way, knowing they’d be taken care of just as he knew his robe and slippers would be waiting outside the shower when he was done washing off the salt and stink.
But it also placed them on an equal footing. Not that John hadn’t found his former “disadvantage” more than a little erotic. Knowing that Sherlock could see him responding — that Sherlock could see the gooseflesh and the sex flush and the tip of his tongue when he absently licked his lips, and his expression, or part of it, when he came, while John saw nothing? John had loved handing over that power, particularly because there was no other choice if he’d wanted to fuck Sherlock.
“Of course it’s to do with the roses,” Sherlock snapped. He glared at the offending objects sitting next to the computer and sighed. “I was rather hoping that this exercise would… spark something. I’m getting nowhere trying to discover who spelled the damn things in the first place.”
It hadn’t occurred to John that Sherlock would have a job. Then again, what else would he be doing all day? Reading, clearly. Doing experiments, whatever that entailed. Perhaps the telly worked?
“Moriarty was holding the photos, at any rate. He blackmailed her into being his accomplice. It explains why she took Merryweather on despite the fact that he was decidedly unlike her usual clientele. She collared Merryweather, then handed the leash to Moriarty. Moriarty walked him to the train station, forced him to strip, removed the
“Oh. Yeah, of course.” John took the box from Sherlock. Wedged into the bottom were two metal knickknacks made to look like the blossoms of climbing roses. It was obvious that Sherlock’s claws couldn’t get enough purchase on the flowers to pull them out.
“No. Yes?” Sherlock sighed. “They have a Court, if you can call a capricious mob a court. It’s unheard of for them to take the part of a human over a faerie unless it’s a clear-cut case of outright fraud. If there’s any room for opinion, it’s the faerie’s opinion that counts. Moriarty declared me Ungrateful and the Court accepted that. He was allowed to punish me as he saw fit with no repercussions.”
“What’s your point?” John asked, although he knew damn well where this conversation was going to end. Harry was in a mood to needle him until he said something he regretted. Something she’d use as leverage later.
“This body is meant to represent my many failings — to manifest them physically. Moriarty thinks me perversely proud of my freakishness. So he gave me an elegantly monstrous appearance.”
“Or unicorns, in this case.” Sherlock picked up the top photo and stared at it again. “This ‘poor bastard,’ Virgil Merryweather to his human friends, managed to release a burst of magic — a large enough burst that several faeries came to investigate its origin. They were the ones who identified him. Otherwise, this would have been a case of a random John Doe killed in a train station. Someone wanted this hidden from the Fae, at least for a time. That much is clear.”
