A bark-like laughed echoed down the hallway and from the way everyone, including some of the nurses, were looking at him John realized he’d been the one to make the sound. “Jesus,” he groaned and scrubbed a hand over his face.
Sherlock corrected her so she was looking down. “I can try.”
“Really.” John insisted. “Tomorrow I’ll find the pictures of you and I right after you were born and show you. You cried in all of them.” He had a photo album in his bedroom of all the photos from Willa’s first four months that didn’t have Mary in them or had been easily cut out.
John only let up slightly still pressing into his prostate, milking him for everything he could give and then some. Just as Sherlock was about to beg him to stop, that it was too much, John came. His fingernails digging so hard into his hips that there would be blood.
“How?” Willa asked and let go of Greg to make her way to Mycroft at the counter.
“Hmm, definitely not.” John disagreed as he continued to softly brush the bundle of nerves with every pass.
“I was on the monkey bars and I missed.” Willa said. She didn’t argue as John examined her eyes.
“What is it?” John asked, suddenly at Sherlock’s side.
The sequel is coming but it's going to be a bit more angsty? badassy? than this. It's also going to change POV a whole lot more than just from John to Sherlock and back.
Sherlock rolled his eyes at John. “Ten years ago you thought I was in love with The Woman as well, so you’d be wrong on all accounts. Nothing new.”
Five hours later there was a needle in his veins but he couldn’t press the plunger. Damn his brother and damn the hope he’d given him. The drugs never made it into his veins that night and the following week he was on a plane bound for Brazil.
He felt dazed and giddy, it was very nearly like being high. He’d just tasted every centimeter (he’d overlook the eyeball thing for now) of John Watson’s body.
Sherlock resisted at first, his ego still hurt, but then he leaned into it.
There in front of him, still on the ground, was the white tarp they used to cover bodies until they were taken away. This one was folded in half, the body underneath so small that it didn’t need the whole thing.
In all her years of questioning her fortitude against the terrible things she saw daily, never once did she question her competency. So when she had been suddenly told that she was being pulled off intake duty it pissed her off. It was about ten times worse when she found out Greg, who technically had zero authority over her, had been the one to order her off.
“Alright?” Sherlock repeated a hopeful look sparking in his eyes.
“Fine. Don’t you feel like shit?” John asked releasing the dish to him.
“Pagan.” Sherlock deduced.
John cut him off. “I will not.”
John ticked off a mental note for dirty talk as he leaned down to start on Sherlock’s buttons. “Yes.” Sherlock said as he started to help undo his shirt.
Harry crossed her arms over her chest. “So you’re ex attacks me on my birthday and kidnaps my niece? How is that okay, John? Don’t you see what he’s done?” She shouted, standing.
Sherlock was full of fury. He’d risked his life to save her, to give her the gift of a life with one of the best men in the world and she’d thrown it away in less than six months. Not only that but she’d chosen something over Willa. It didn’t matter what it was because it was obvious John had given up so much in the last six years for her, including his pride.
He slid back in. “Sherlock, are you alright?”
Greg, sensing the danger the DS had put himself in, had pulled him aside and given him what John recognized as the number to Mycroft’s office. Where there possibly was an actual filing cabinet containing the numerous threats to John and Sherlock.
A few days later they met Harry at Angelo’s for John’s birthday dinner. Sherlock was still tense being near the woman but John and Willa acted as a decent barrier between the two of them. Nothing terribly awkward occurred until halfway into the meal.
Sherlock turned to look at John. “I want to meet them.”
It was very quiet for a while and Willa nearly fell back asleep. She was almost there when Cole growled out, "fine."
John took the opportunity to grab Sherlock’s arm and lead him to the doorway. He paused and glanced back at Willa’s mess with a sigh. “You go on up I’ve got to clean this up.”
“Sherlock.” John said suddenly behind him, his hand was resting lightly on his arm.
“Did I fuck Sherlock Holmes into silence?” John giggled as he plastered himself to Sherlock’s side.
do you have a cat?” John asked sternly.
Sherlock looked up, unshed tears shining in his eyes. “They... they cut her hair,” he told John after a while. “Probably so she wouldn’t match the pictures that we have of her.”
“Willa?” John asked.
John shook his head. “No.”
Sherlock jerked back, offense written all over his face. Greg even made an aborted motion to come between them.
It seemed she'd only been asleep a few minutes when Janine was roughly shaking her awake. Willa's eyes weren't as heavy this time and she blinked them open at Janine, it took her a moment to realize that room was much brighter than last time.
(See the end of the chapter for
John worked a half day on Thursday, he was thankful. It kept his mind off the possible date he and Sherlock were going on. The furthest he’d gotten with planning was thinking they’d find the least packed pub and spend the evening there. By the time they’d agreed to go out on New Year’s Eve everything had already been booked, a pub was the best they would do.
John smiled wryly at him. “After you know this, if you still want to, we can move forward.”
“Of course.” Mycroft told her.
After she had left the bathroom and joined him in the kitchen he gave her a glass of juice. She still looked tired and he figured the sugar would help wake her up. She drank it quickly.
After a few weeks he began to get the distinct feeling that the reason for such a mixed team was that the missions they were running were a little less than approved. He didn’t care though, everything seemed to be for the right reason. Moran never questioned the orders either.
“Out, I have to meet with someone.” Sherlock informed her, he reached out and pushed some the loose hair away from her face.
John really did spend the next few hours cleaning the house while simultaneously worrying about Sherlock. He knew how difficult it could be to readjust to civilian life. Sherlock might not have been a soldier the way John had been but no doubt he’d been fighting a private war for the last six years, longer really.
“Oh hello, John.” She greeted as she pulled open the door, she was in her dressing gown and slippers. “How was your dinner?”
“Have you met Willa?” She asked while placing more biscuits on his plate.
Mycroft gave as good as he got and they ended up nearly dueling one another. It was very reminiscent of their childhood spats while practicing their instruments. Even David, whom Sherlock had not seen give any interest to the evening, took of his headphones and sat up. Sherlock continued the escalation until it was so ridiculous everyone was laughing.
“Where’s my gun?” John asked as he grabbed his jeans from the floor.
She’d worked with Gregory Lestrade for over a decade and there was only one time she’d seem him look this beaten down. It had been less than six hours after ‘Sherlock’ had jumped from the roof.
“Is she like this every year?”
John turned his phone off after sending his final text, he didn’t need to worry about anything other than getting through this evening.
Mycroft looked at them like they were both idiots but he spoke to John, most likely because he assumed John was the easier one to sway. “John, do you know where he’s going at night?”
Mycroft sighed heavily and rolled his eyes towards the ceiling. “I nearly strangled him during the first six hours. Then at one point he asked me ‘why’ I was so angry with him. So I of course yelled ‘Why do you think, Sherlock?’ and much to my surprise he answered and was very correct. He knew more than he let on but he wanted someone to confirm he was right. After that it became almost a game. When Sherlock said ‘why’ I asked ‘why do you think?’ When he was correct I praised him, when he was wrong I corrected him, and when he honestly didn’t know I taught him. After only a few weeks he became confident in his own mind and stop asking ‘why’ so much.”
“A study in pink.” Willa sounded exasperated with him, like he was being particularly slow.
John left the room and went down to find food just as soon as he’d thrown his bags down. It was weird eating dinner alone.
“Take her home.” He whispered in John’s ear and tried to transfer her over.
was scrawled in a child’s handwriting along the underside. The name had taken more damage than any other part of the cast, ‘Wolfe’ was barely legible anymore.
John considered this a second before slowly shaking his head. “Well, no. I imagine Sherlock will need his own space soon.”
Willa squealed, jumped up and came around to him in order to climb into his lap. “Really?” She asked.
“Wasn’t he the one with the divorcing parents?” Sherlock asked and John was surprised that he remembered that detail.
“I’m going back to the restaurant and follow their route,” Sherlock told him.
Sherlock was glad John wasn’t looking at him when he said that. He made a noise of uninterested acknowledgement.
He slipped through the door and pulled it securely behind him. As he did Sherlock lowered the metal rod.
During dinner (a reheated casserole) Willa and John talked easily to one another. John occasionally scolded her for talking with her mouth full or for wandering away from the table mid-meal but during other conversations he never once spoke down to her. They both sporadically asked Sherlock for an opinion on whatever subject they were discussing but they never pushed him to talk. Willa easily followed her father’s example and was never pushy or intrusive with her questions.
A sequel is already being written.
With that last warning, she left.
Greg drove and Mycroft sat quietly next to him.
Sherlocked had worked them up to a steady rhythm. It wasn’t enough to get either of them off but enough to build the tension. Sherlock’s cock was leaking, untouched, onto John’s stomach mingling with the other man’s come there.
in the middle of an experiment involving hydrochloric acid and tissue samples but it was rare for John to call him like this.
Willa felt like she knew this woman though she was certain she’d never seen her before. Déjà vu. That’s what Daddy had said was the feeling of having experienced something before even though you really hadn’t. Willa had never had déjà vu before.
Sherlock even willingly went to the shop when he realized they’d need extra supplies for baking their cupcakes. Willa wanted strawberry cupcakes and Sherlock had spent over an hour the previous day looking for a recipe that used real strawberries. She was also insistent upon purple icing but regular sugar icing mixed with purple food dye would work.
At 4:27 am on January 5
“Oh what’s that then?” John asked not actually expecting anyone to have the answer.
Sherlock and John are certainly protagonists and generally are good men but neither of them are morally innocent. I will never portray them as all light and goodness because they aren't both of them have dark areas.
“Teddy for now.”
Sherlock’s eyes followed them up the stairs and when they’d turned the landing they drifted back to John. A weight settled in the air and it made John nervous. He stepped down and began attempting to clear up the mess Willa had made.
Sherlock huffed. Sometimes John was painfully dense. “John. Ask me.” He insisted.
“Who’s going to change the litter?” John asked after a moment.
John knew they needed to do it soon. Willa was frighteningly perceptive about those things and it was getting hard to act as thought nothing had changed. Sherlock was following his lead and hadn’t even asked when John planned on telling her. It appeared it was entirely up to him.
Sherlock understood John’s protests now. “Luke… doesn’t know.” It wasn’t a guess. Even if Luke had known his wife had been unfaithful and chose to stay with her and raise the child there was no way he would have continued to be that friendly with John.
Willa pouted. “Why not?”
There was even a full sized refrigerator, no doubt for storing Sherlock’s various experiments.
Willa looked almost relieved when Sherlock told her they would spend the morning away from the flat as she came downstairs. John wasn’t up yet so Sherlock left him not only a note on the refrigerator but sent a text telling him they’d be out. He didn’t need to upset John any further.
“I mean we could stand here and argue all night or we can share the bed. It’s big enough.” Sherlock said desperately trying to sound casual.
As he watched John struggle with the emotions he’d dragged up, Sherlock was filled with a similar compulsion to the one he’d had while helping tuck Willa in. He wanted to cross the room and kiss John.
One night about three years ago John had ventured downstairs, monitor pulled up on his phone, just to check in with the older woman. By some mistake he’d ended up with her cup of tea and that had erased any doubts he’d had that it contained a healthy dose of cannabis. Truthfully he’d slept better than night than he had for years prior but it was still worth teasing her over.
Two updates in one day? Only because I had finished Chapter five last night but was too tired to edit it.
“Oh is the great Sherlock Holmes ticklish?” John teased letting his head be tilted back so he could look at Sherlock.
“What the hell do you mean?” Lestrade asked her. “She’s just a child.”
He managed to sit still for approximately another two minutes before the urge to do something overwhelmed him. So he stood up from the chair and walked over to Mycroft who was once again wholly immersed in his devices. Despite seemingly being in his own world Mycroft tensed when Greg walked around the desk, but that was the only indication he gave of being aware.
It had taken a year of sobriety before Mycroft caved and began placing money in the account again. By that point it didn’t matter much, Sherlock had found his own means. It was easy to take money from the organizations he brought down. By the time they realized he was embezzling, if they ever did, he was usually ready to destroy them.
Sherlock felt he was finally, properly, going insane. No drugs needed.
sdfhksfhklsjfdlkklxnzxcn,zdfwdwiedjfakc
Sherlock let go of John, about to go over and argue with Lestrade. This
John snorted and one side of his mouth twitched upwards in an almost smile. “Not anymore though, right?” He asked looking up at Sherlock.
“You can stay up until midnight if you don’t fall asleep first.” John agreed, so far she’d never made it.
“I don’t need to be coddled, John.” Sherlock snapped. “I think I know my mental status.”
Mycroft called over again this time sounding exasperated. “If she is my niece, would that not make you my brother?”
“And Doctor Watson?”
“Why are they interested?” He asked as he returned the computer to John.
Sherlock pulled back and rested a hand on the kitten. “John and I thought you were ready for a pet. It’s not a goat but I think this will do.”
Willa enjoyed the extra attention of course.
“Goopy… kind of like liquid.” Willa said.
Sherlock turned slightly.
As soon as the wound was clean Sherlock manhandled him around the shattered cup and into his chair. He disappeared and then reappeared a moment later with John’s medical kit in hand. When John reached for it, Sherlock batted his hand away gently. “Let me,” Sherlock insisted.
It was nearly nine now and it had been twenty minutes since someone had last been in to check on her. Harry didn’t like the quiet, it made her whole body itch with discomfort which did nothing to help ease the knot of guilt that had wound its way around her gut. After what seemed like an eternity there were footsteps outside of her door. Harry sat on the edge of the bed waiting for the person to come in. She wanted to scream when Sherlock entered first but then John was right behind him.
Lestrade?” He asked suddenly.
Willa cracked the door on the stall just enough to see him, the man’s back was to her so he didn’t see.
Mycroft looked up. “Wandering about London freezing to death is hardly busy.”
Pushing away from the door frame John cast a glance over his shoulder at Sherlock. “But you haven’t seen the best bit yet.”
Sherlock found himself smiling too. “Hello, Willa.”
Twelve-year-old Kyle Long had presented with nausea, vomiting and severe stomach pains early that afternoon. All of the hospitals in London had been warned to test any patients arriving with these symptoms for Thallium poisoning.
“I can’t have the mould interfering with my experiments.” Sherlock complained crossing his arms.
Sherlock’s eyebrows climbed up his forehead. “Are you sure?”
Mycroft and Greg were waiting for them just outside the lift on Harry’s floor, both of their mouths fixed into a grimace.
Mycroft allowed him a moment of comforting his daughter before finally speaking. “You will go home tonight-“
“What’s wrong?” Greg asked, sheets rustled in the background.
Sherlock growled. “
John saw Greg out and then went up the stairs.
Willa grinned at him like she’d just realized something.
John supposed he should have minded Sherlock asleep in his bed during the middle of the day but he didn’t. Something about the scene tugged at his heart and he had told him he was welcome at anytime. Sherlock had clearly not been sleeping well, the bags under his eyes the previous day had been shocking so John had no desire to kick him from his bed. Instead he quietly gathered up his clothing and went into the bathroom to change.
He traced the sole of John’s foot with his tongue, taking a quick moment to lick a stripe up his arch, and then darted it between each of his toes. John was left with the distinct urge to squirm, or giggle, or moan and his body couldn’t decide which it wanted to do. When Sherlock switched to the left side John did squirm which caused him to moan from the friction of his cock against the sheets.
A wave of melancholy washed over John. “Oh yeah?”
Sherlock snorted and rolled his eyes. Willa had most certainly picked up that something was worrying them.
Sherlock could feel John shake his head, his chin brushed against his scalp from the way they were laying. “I spent that morning staring down the barrel of my gun.”
Sherlock repressed the urge to sigh. “Yes, yesterday.”
She let them close as they turned away from the dining room but still she tried to stay awake.
“Must you be so disgusting?” Sherlock hissed at Mycroft once he’d gone.
Less than a minute later the phone rang. Unsurprisingly it was Mycroft.
“What happened?” Sherlock asked before John even had a chance.
“Good.” Mycroft said. “You can help me, Reinette.”
John leaned his head on his hands and listened. They made it all the way through scene 1 before Willa’s head began to drop onto Sherlock’s shoulder, her eyes growing heavy.
“What’s her address?” Sherlock asked once they left Golden Gates Assisted Living Facility.
John was still awake when Sherlock got home though he tried very hard to make it look like he hadn’t been waiting.
None of their stomach contents were even the same, though that didn’t surprise Sherlock. Whatever they had ingested the poison in it would have been long gone. Thallium had about a three-day window of effect, most of them would have thought they were coming down with the flu and then died suddenly.
“Sherlock. Stop.” John pleaded pulling back his arm so Sherlock was forced to turn and look at him. “Jesus, thank you.”
He was just about to bin the terrible jumper when John came down.
“You said it only gave us one bottle, that’s how vending machines work. So why did you say that?” Sherlock repeated and stopped walking.
Sherlock told a few of his less traumatic experiences abroad. He was surprised to learn after one of his own stories that John had helped out with a few police cases three years ago. Apparently Lestrade had been at the end of his rope with the media and one of the cases, Mycroft was abroad on business, so he’d turned to John. They’d solved it in two weeks and John helped a few more times. He made a note to look for them in the paper.
John groaned. “No, probably not.” He then rolled out of the bed. “Don’t think you’re getting out of this.” He warned Sherlock and began peeling off his clothes from the previous night until he was down to his vest and pants.
“And-”
You might notice that this chapter is a bit different than it was. It's fundamentally the same but muuuuch prettier.
“Yes.” Willa said slowly giving him a look one might give to a diseased rodent. It looked very much like one Sherlock had perfected, John wondered if she’d picked it up from him or if he had his own version of it.
Sherlock had lifted Willa’s broken arm to check the damage done to the cast. John could tell that it would need replaced and she would need more x-rays to see if any damage had been done.
Sherlock laid there watching him strip off his shirt, breathing ever so slightly quicker.
Sherlock slid to the floor with her still in his arms. John followed them to the floor and crawled towards them.
Two tables filled the center of the room. One empty and the other covered in equipment like breakers, a microscope, and Bunsen burner. The wall of the room that connected to the kitchen had been fitted with locking glass cupboards filled with properly labeled and organized chemicals, he understood now why the kitchen had seemed smaller.
John and Willa seemed to have a routine set up around their odd little ritual.
Sherlock nodded immediately. John, who had come into Sherlock’s life with trust issues, had had that precious trust pushed past the brink too many times in the past.
“What is?” John asked, he was half asleep.
“Touch yourself, come on.” John moaned out his fingers digging into Sherlock’s a little harder.
Mycroft looked over the first page. Even if he wasn’t looking at the exact texts the dates they were being sent were extremely telling. Text every year right around the beginning of January, the beginning of April and finally the middle of June. Scattered in between these telling dates were a few random messages. This year there had been three messages exchanged on Willa’s first day of school.
“The whole room is fireproofed.” Sherlock said, as if reading John’s thoughts. He gestured at the sprinkler head. “That’s why the water was off last week.”
Willa was the flower girl at two weddings during the spring and summer she was four. Molly married a fantastically boring forensic accountant who looked nothing like Sherlock in April. The wedding was very traditional and Willa, who had never stepped foot in a church before, spent the entire ceremony trying to look at all the art and sculptures in the chapel.
Sherlock shook his head. “I want to come with you inside me.”
By the time John got back home the original cup was swept up, the new cups painted and carefully hidden away in Mrs. Hudson’s flat. The table had been cleared and the only evidence of their afternoon craft was the paint brushes drying by the side of the sink. Only after Sherlock promised that he would personally do the baking of them the next day did Willa stopped fretting over it.
“Hurry up.” The woman said and she dug her fingernails into Willa’s cheeks.
“You’re going to regret th-ahh.” Whatever Sherlock’s warning had been it was cut off when John took him into his mouth.
“And Christmas is about making other people happy.” Sherlock said quietly looking away.
If you choose not to read it won't affect your knowledge of the plot and I don't really blame you.
Sherlock nodded.
“I have it, the clip too.” Sherlock said. “Call my brother.”
As Sherlock picked up pace to close the gap between them and Willa, John subconsciously did as well.
“John, they’ve just taken me off intake,” she continued even though she couldn’t bring her voice much above a whisper, “there was a little girl’s body found by the river.”
“It’s one of theirs, sir.” She explained to him as she handed it over.
Also if you read this I'm sorry. Have cookies.
John thanked deities he didn’t believe in that Sherlock still refused to wear a vest as he climbed on the bed, knees on either side of Sherlock’s hips. “All this time and I haven’t, I could have but I haven’t.” John lamented leaning down to brush a kiss onto Sherlock’s lips. “All that wasted time.”
Despite his speed it still took time to reach the restaurant and by the time he pulled up the ambulance had disembarked with a fifty year-old female patient who had sustained a head wound inside. The roads were blocked by the sheer number of patrol cars that had pulled up so Greg just rolled to a stop behind one of them. He pushed into the crowds and flipped his badge at the lowly PC who moved to stop him.
“John you’ve been moving the money from Sherlock’s trust into a savings account for the past year.” Mycroft said easily as if this weren’t an entirely new revelation.
He and Harry had never been close, even growing up. She was the one to push all the buttons and break all the rules. John for the most part managed to keep himself out of trouble. Her drinking didn’t help any and despite all the constant claims to want to quit she never managed. He found if he just contented himself with the fact she managed sobriety three nights a year it made his life easier.
“Hard to be sacrilegious when one isn’t actually religious, brother, besides it is tradition.” Mycroft told them.
Sherlock paused as he turned out the living room light. “John…”
“A bit much?” He asked sliding himself and Willa in anyway.
The way Greg grinned told John that it was another one of Mycroft’s.
Sherlock paused. “You… you love them.” He said incredulously.
Mycroft nodded. “Yes, seems he made a noose out of his own trousers and waited to hang himself until after the last check of the night.”
On the walk to the bedroom John managed to remember himself through the fog of chemicals pumping through his blood stream.
Molly cast a worried glance at Sherlock. “I’ll go find some chairs,” she was all she said.
Hadeon turned to look at him through his good eye. “Doctor Watson.”
Sherlock suddenly wanted to test something.
John finally pocketed his phone. He might not be Sherlock Holmes but the file folders in Greg’s hand meant this wasn’t a social call. “Hello, Greg.”
“Yeah, sorry about that. How about I make it up to you?” John offered as he stood by the door, pushing his hands into his pocket.
“Baskerville.” Sherlock rasped out.
He knocked only once before pushing the door open, Mycroft was expecting him. What John hadn’t expected was to push open the door and be greeted by both Holmes brothers.
John needed to listen though because he was certain Sherlock would never open up to anyone else this way. So he drank a little more to keep his courage whereas the other man seemed to need less as he told his story.
John remembered himself and let Sherlock go. “Yeah well, getting soppy in my old age I guess.” He said with a sheepish smile.
“I miss you.” Sherlock said as soon as John connected to the call, before he’d even had a chance to say hello. His voice was rushed and quiet, like he wasn’t sure he really wanted to be saying it.
“So then you’ll just sit here all night,” Sherlock snapped.
Luckily today Sherlock simply whined and tried to roll away from the over eager child. John stood by the doorway and watch as she crawled onto the bed chasing him.
John nodded. “Alright I’ll make note.”
“That’s good. It’s much better as one whole package.” John grinned cheekily at him.
When John came out fifteen minutes later Sherlock was pushing the last of the pins into her hair. “Go look.” He instructed.
Sherlock was vaguely aware of the sounds coming from his own mouth but didn’t care. John was fucking him.
Erik stared at the table as he spoke. “Noah’s diabetic but he’s got an insulin pump. All morning we were getting high blood sugar warnings so I thought that’s why he was complaining of a stomach ache. By the afternoon I figured the damn thing had to be broken because his sugar wasn’t going down so I finger tested him. I turned off the pump and gave him a bolus
“Yeah, she doesn’t think it’s fair. I tried telling her that fair isn’t parading a new boyfriend around the kids every other week.” Greg said in a low tone, not wanting to be over heard by the children. “Did you know she actually tried to make Addy call one of them dad?”
He nodded as well as he found grapes and pulled them out, they looked decent.
In other news I watched The Lying Detective.
Willa bent over the bathtub as she was told, watching the woman out of the corner of her eye. She grabbed one of the jugs of water and turned back to her. “It won’t hurt if you keep your eyes shut,” she warned.
“This is Lestrade, and I don’t give a fuck,” he punctuated the word with a punch to the roof of the car, “what you think, you need to pull Dr. Hooper off right now.”
“The kitten. His name is Baron.” She said tilting her head back to look up at them.
John shook his head as Sherlock nodded.
“Sherlock
She repeated what she’d told John, much quicker this time. Sherlock said they’d be down shortly before hanging up leaving her questioning if she’d made the right decision. Instead of heading straight down to Greg she went the back way into the morgue where she found Dr. Golden just starting to unzip the unsettlingly small shape in the body bag.
It didn’t honestly bother Mycroft, their little jokes, instead he was pleased that Sherlock was finally experiencing a sense of comradery that he’d never gotten to as a child. Besides, if he’d ever really gotten fed up with them John was an easy enough man to remove. A man with a military career and several dealings with MI6.
He was even more confused when he saw Mycroft standing with his face twisted into a grimace. Sherlock was
~~~~~~
I don't even know HOW I managed that because I'm not a fan of present tense.
Willa nodded and then swallowed down a worryingly large bite of egg. “Daddy says we even went when I was a baby.”
“John.” Sherlock said softly. He wasn’t even sure what to say to that, the mental image of what had been done to Willa was too much for him to look at too closely.
Sherlock lifted his head. “You two.” He stated, feeling particularly dense not a feeling he was used to. “Have been working together about Mary?”
John followed.
“Alright, love, let me see him.” He took Teddy from her gently.
Greg sighed and leaned back into the chair, recognizing when an argument wasn't worth having. After all, that was
Erik looked over at Sherlock with a contemplative face. “Alright.”
Sherlock brought the rod against Hadeon’s skull so viciously there would no doubt be a skull fracture; the man fell limp in his restraints. Only then did Sherlock turn and drop the weapon.
John untangled his fingers from the other man’s hair and pointed upwards. “She’ll be down any minute.”
“Information on our Thallium murders.” Sherlock told him.
John inhaled sharply. “I really can’t. Not right now.”
Janine saw this. “Yes, that’s right. You need to be good and that means no more questions. Do you understand now?”
“Sherlock. Damnit slow down!” John was yelling behind him slightly out of breath.
“Nothing important.” Sherlock said quickly.
Sherlock looked down at the envelope in shock. “You’re… serious?”
Sherlock stared.
John rolled his eyes, pursing his lips together, and didn’t bother answering. It was an old argument. He turned instead to find Sherlock.
so John found himself digging out the pieces of the tree. Sherlock offered no help, just smirked from the sofa as John wrestled with putting it together. Willa fluttered around the edge of the room offering some not so helpful suggestions.
“I’m going to be six in four days.” She sang into the room as their wake-up call and only warning she was entering.
By the groan and eye roll it didn’t. “You were worried yesterday but didn’t mention anything to me.” Sherlock said as if that explained everything. Which, John guessed, it did.
That was about the time John realized Sherlock was upset. He’d thought he might be after the way he left but for Sherlock to willingly spend time near his brother meant something was really bothering him and it had to do with John.
She nodded excitedly. John was thrilled to see her happy again, she’d spent a few days after Noah’s funeral very quiet and tearful. It was only now, two weeks later, that she was finally beginning to act herself again. It helped that she’d spent Saturday playing with Addison while Mycroft and Greg met with lawyers concerning their own custody hearing.
Mycroft shook his head. “Not yet but we believe she has a target. She will undoubtedly be acting soon.”
just reach out and touch John.
“Have a good day.” The man called after him as he carried Willa back to the flat.
“I’m going to be six tomorrow.” She reminded them at dinner.
“Sherlock,” John said from somewhere behind him, he was close enough that Sherlock wasn’t worried about losing him.
“If you wish to go with Gregory, I will finish taking Miss Watson’s statement,” Mycroft volunteered in an uncharacteristically helpful way. Greg narrowed his eyes at his husband but didn’t say anything.
John felt his eyebrows raising. “What’s that mean?”
“Run Miss Watson’s bank records, please.” He instructed suddenly more angry than he could remember having been in a very long time.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, instantly regretting it. “Of course I do, I’m just not being a prat about it.”
Molly stepped forward. “No, I’ll do it,” she said softly.
“I don’t like guessing.” Sherlock told her.
“It’s a children’s book, you’ll know what I mean when you see it.” John reassured him already halfway up the stairs.
Sherlock sighed, realizing they were going to have another chat about it. “John.”
He brushed past Sherlock and began climbing the stairs. He let out a small sigh of relief when he heard him following.
John wondered if his face would soon hurt from the force of his grin. “You mean like while solving the case of a fake Vermeer?”
John, like Mycroft, had aged. His hair was almost completely grey but it suited him and didn’t age him unnecessarily unlike the mustache from last time. Sherlock’s fingers twitched with the desire to run through it. John’s face looked very much the same, a few more lines sprinkled here and there but at this moment it was mostly smooth. He was watching the girl with so much adoration in his eyes that anyone would have noticed.
Lestrade groaned. “Look, he uses his omniscient powers to find us a poisoner in a haystack, the least you can do is help.”
“Noah Wolfe’s parents don’t love each other anymore and he doesn’t get to see his mum because of it.” Willa elaborated, playing with her food on her plate. “Does that mean if you and Sherlock don’t love each other anymore that I won’t get to see Sherlock?”
, the look on her face, was his absolute favorite part of Christmas.
“The last time I used was July 30
Sherlock stood behind her smirking. John growled and attacked him much the same way. Sherlock, though, did not protest or try to move away. Instead he returned the kiss with just as much enthusiasm.
, kiss.”
Five minutes turned into ten and by that point Willa had gotten Sherlock’s phone off of him. She had downloaded almost as many games to his mobile as she had to John’s. John was relieved when Harry rounded the corner.
“We’ll donate anything that’s still good to a charity shop.” He said after a moment.
“Yes?” He asked.
He was wrong.
Sherlock nodded.
Stalk me:
There was a chance that Sherlock would spend a few weeks recovering physically and then jump right back into life like he’d merely been on holiday. Or there was an equally good chance he would suffer from depression or PTSD. This was not good considering Sherlock’s previous history of drug abuse. He seemed clean currently but there was no telling if he’d been using while away.
John was sitting on the sofa and he smiled when he saw them, Sherlock still carrying Willa.
After he went John crept up the stairs quietly to Willa’s room. She was lying in the middle of her bed on her stomach clutching one of her dolls to her chest. He ended up having to shift her towards the wall and climb in on the edge. She slept heavily and didn’t notice the disturbance. He might have been a shorter man but the fit was still tight.
“Why did you do your fingers all of those colors?” Sherlock asked changing the subject quickly.
“Are you coming?” She ask as she finished.
“Ah yes, and how is that going for you?” Mycroft’s voice was utterly irritating Sherlock at this moment.
John took another steadying breath and changed. When he left the bathroom Sherlock had obviously composed himself and was reabsorbed in the book.
John nodded and waved a hand dismissively. “Yes, of course. I’m fine.” He then turned a false cheery smile on. “Hello, princess, did you just get out of the bath?”
John cried out first, head thrown back. “Fuck, Sherlock.”
After John’s suggestion Sunday night, Sherlock really
John cleared his throat. Both Sherlock and Greer turned looked at him.
John was quick to give in and held his hands out for Sherlock.
"Y-yes," Harry agreed, her voice shaking.
There was a great divide at the graveyard.
“Right, well night then.” John said but he didn’t turn to go to his room.
“You think I love Sherlock?”
John climbed out of the car and thankfully this time Sherlock followed.
“Shag then?” John asked into his shoulder. “Boffing? Boning? Four-legged fox trot?”
“No.” He warned.
No one claimed it and John finally asked. “Who is it from then?”
“Someone was covering her mouth. Since she was fighting, she certainly would have screamed.” Sherlock said coldly.
Sherlock and Willa were sitting at the table playing Operation when he got home.
Sherlock’s cock twitched and John watched a small bead of precome well up. He darted his tongue out and licked it. Sherlock moaned louder, fingers gripping the duvet now.
She was lying on a bed somewhere. The room smelt horrible and Willa could see mould growing on the wall. The mattress smelt even worse and Willa focused on breathing through her mouth. There were no sheets on the mattress and a spring was digging painfully into her shoulder.
John raised an eyebrow at him wondering what the hell he was doing.
That was how John found him hours later, curled up under the sheets with his head buried in the pillows.
“But it’s so
“Why?” John could hear the pout in Sherlock’s tone.
When the photographer called for a family only photo John had swooped in to retrieve his daughter from where she was playing with Addison. He’d gotten halfway to the dessert table, fully intending to bribe her into behaving with sweets, when Mycroft called out to him.
Willa groaned. “Make them? Can’t we buy them? Hannah Miller’s cupcakes were from a bakery and they had sugar flowers on them.”
I would not expect chapters of this length moving forward.
” Sherlock finally stopped pacing and looked at John while he said this. There was a look in the other man’s eyes that had John’s heart in his throat.
The last of the snow had finally melted in London when Mycroft took a trip to Russia. John had only realized the trip was happening because Greg came over more often when Mycroft left, still uncomfortable alone in the sprawling house.
“Yes.”
John chuckled. “No post tomorrow, how about Monday?”
Doctor Drescher inhaled deeply, clearly preparing herself for whatever she was going to say. “Doctor Watson, a classmate of Willa’s, Noah Wolfe, passed away this weekend.”
“I won’t be able to come.” John said and he looked upset.
He found
Suddenly he hit Aunt Harry over the head with a gun he’d pulled from his trousers. Willa had seen Daddy’s gun a few times and he always told her she was never ever to touch it. Aunt Harry fell to the floor.
“He’s a pure bread blue point Siamese. He’s already been neutered and had his first shots, he’s litter trained. His parents have excellent health histories as do all of their litters, so he’s likely to live until she’s sixteen or even longer. They’re a very intelligent breed, playful, and they don’t shed a lot.” Sherlock argued quickly like he was afraid to let John speak.
“Why not?” John asked surprised.
John laughed, throat raw. “Holy fuck.”
Sherlock found himself surprised once again. “His marriage?” He wasn’t sure what he had thought but since learning of Mary’s disappearance he’d not speculated as to how the marriage had ended.
He was drawn once more back to Baker Street. This time Mrs. Hudson caught his arrival. Sherlock was once again impressed by her lack of surprise over the situation, she hadn’t even seemed surprised. She hugged him fiercely for a moment before ushering him into her flat where she poured tea down his throat. Between her and John Sherlock had had more tea in the past twenty-four hours than he’d had in the last two years.
~~~~~~
Sherlock pulled Willa a little closer to him. “I’ll be going up with her.”
daughter. Not just mine anymore.”
John spluttered in his seat. “I thought you said you believed him?”
At just that moment Greg’s mobile began vibrating in his pocket. He ignored it for a second, assuming it was a test, but it continued to go. Once he fished it out and saw that it was work he shuffled over into a corner, not really comfortable enough to leave everyone unsupervised.
John nodded slowly. “Fair point. Do you think the father’s innocent?”
He nodded and stood. As he brushed by John the other man grabbed his wrist. “I’m sorry for being an arse.”
“I needed to hear her say more than two words strung together.” Sherlock admitted.
This was different, though. Sherlock and Irene were in the next room having a pissing match, and Willa was… somewhere. Nowhere. John didn’t know.
Sherlock really did understand. Making a huge change to their relationship in the middle of fretting over whether this would be the year Mary reappeared wouldn’t do them any favors. He had waited nearly a decade, he could wait a few more days.
“Our bed.” Sherlock said lifting his head. “You keep saying our bed like she lives here.”
John left the bowl on ground and stood finally. “Sherlock?”
On Sunday, which was actually Valentine’s Day, they had a romantic lunch instead of dinner. They still had to pick up Willa that night and return to the real world tomorrow.
“Bloody hell your nose is cold. What were you doing? Holding ice to it?” John exclaimed and Willa giggled.
John nodded. “Yep. I just wanted to check on something with you before I brought it up to Sherlock.
Thursday afternoon Willa sped through her homework before even getting a snack. She waited patiently by the bathroom door after John woke Sherlock but as soon as he emerged she was a ball of energy. Sherlock had only held up the stopwatch and asked her to get the bowls. John had skipped cooking dinner and just ordered take away because the sight of Sherlock Holmes bent over the kitchen table explaining proper scientific documentation to a five-year-old was too precious to interrupt.
“Ah... no. It was relaxing.” He replied diplomatically.
John paused. “Er, why?”
“Every last centimeter.” Sherlock confirmed kissing back towards his jaw.
John stopped, immediately pulling his hand and mouth back. Sherlock whined softly.
She did however stand next to Sherlock, his hand in hers, and wave at him.
Mycroft’s lips drew up into a line, clearly unhappy with being told what to do but he nodded anyway.
“So will you?” She repeated.
This got Sherlock’s attention and he snapped the book shut. “Yes.”
“Sit.” Willa instructed Sherlock when she saw his confused face, she patted the spot next to her on the bed.
“But you’ve always been straight.” Harry repeated. “That was you. The good one. Straight as a line in everything.”
John raised an eyebrow. His singular complaint during the tour of the school had been that in the expansion of the art rooms the music rooms had been marginalized. He had thought Sherlock would have been displeased with the idea of Willa attending somewhere without a decent music program.
“No. You will sit next to her and pretend to enjoy this.” John whispered and pushed him over towards Willa.
Mycroft face became poker passive as he took a step back. “I am coming with.”
It was this box that John lifted out and slid across the table towards Sherlock.
He tried not to dwell on it, it would do them no good.
During dinner, which Sherlock missed, he got a text from Harry.
“You really didn’t have to.” Molly protested but she was already over at it, running her hands over the handles. “But this is exactly what I had wanted, thank you.”
It was only after Sherlock had bodily shoved John to the sink and ran his hands beneath the tap did John finally,
When they settled into Willa’s bed, her wet hair soaking through the sleeve of his shirt, Sherlock made sure to keep the camera focused on them and the wall. Willa wanted the clean flat to be a surprise for John.
That ‘mission’ was how he’d ended up in London kidnapping a child with a psychotic bitch. Not that anything was ever such a straight line, that meeting with Moran had been over a decade ago but it had put his feet onto this path. There was probably more blood on his hands now than there had been during his entire military career. There was blood there that he’d never expected to have and for the first time in a very, very, long time he was uncomfortable with what he’d done.
Sherlock moved methodically down first, his right thigh, stopping to pay attention to the joint behind John’s knee. John had always known how sensitive that spot was, particularly in hand to hand combat, but he’d never experienced how erotic it was. Already wound up from the rimming he moaned and thrust into the mattress. Sherlock then continued down again, biting softly at the Achilles tendon.
John’s mouth finally shut but then his lips pursed together. He studied Sherlock for a moment before nodding. “Alright.”
Janine had cut and cut at her hair until the ends of it didn’t even brush her shoulders, the floor beneath her was still carpeted in the fallen locks. Willa hadn’t been able to control the sniffling as she watched the first strands of her hair fall away. She’d tried though, telling herself she was being silly, it was hair, and it would grow back.
Sherlock dropped the arm he’d been holding out, realizing John didn’t actually want to see the proof of his sister’s betrayal.
Sherlock could see John’s face tightening. John had grown up in a home that wasn’t even middle class, he’d never told Sherlock that but enough of his habits spoke of it. Now Willa was attending a school that Mycroft had to buy their way into.
John wasn’t sure if he was amused that Willa had not only absconded with Sherlock’s phone but she’d gotten into it to text him or terrified. There was also the matter where she was actually signing her texts the way Sherlock did.
“She’s here.” John announced unnecessarily and waved her duffle bag in front of him.
“John. Stop.” Sherlock gasped when a finger slid down to stroke his perineum.
He slid to his knees, ignoring the pain from impacting on the tile floor, and scrambled up to Harry’s head. Her pulse was perfect, she’d just been knocked out.
Willa kept kicking but then her legs began to feel weird, like when she was swimming. Her head got dizzy too.
Mycroft finally looked at John and answered. “Neither girl had a bicycle and David’s been begging for a motorbike for years. And Molly.” Mycroft called and turned to her, she was eyeing the pram.
They hadn’t actually told anyone about them yet.
“I don’t dislike her.” It was true. Sherlock had felt several bursts of emotion towards Willa the previous night and he found her tolerable as far as children went.
Sherlock heaved a great sigh and threw up his arms in an extravagant gesture of defeat. “Fine I’ll keep quiet about it tomorrow.”
Because his daughter was missing.
By nine all of the gifts were opened and John stepped away to make them breakfast.
“What’s that?” Greg asked, eyeing them up.
“I need to go look at her flat.” Sherlock said and evaded his question.
She grunted and waved her arms about in the air.
John sighed. They worked on cases involving dead children in the past, none since Sherlock had come back, and Sherlock always managed to distance himself from the fact they were children. John had never been able to do that. Even before Willa’s birth John had never been able to look at the body of a child and detach himself from his feelings.
her to go.” He wondered when Sherlock Holmes had begun begging.
Sherlock collapsed onto John’s chest as they came down, John was panting heavily.
Six hours.
Willa was released a few hours later with the standard concussion warnings and a hot pink cast. No one complained when all three of them piled into the bed that night. John claimed it was because it would be easier to wake her to administer the pain medication. Sherlock didn’t even try to make an excuse for it, he just wanted her with them.
John, who had no doubt been suspicious when Sherlock changed their route, looked up in concern.
“But,” John said and immediately cursed at himself as he watched Sherlock deflate from that one syllable. “She still needs to learn how to self-soothe
Sherlock hummed at him in recognition as he settled under the duvet.
“I believe you.” Sherlock told him and then turned to John. “Coming?”
John produced an envelope from Willa’s backpack and placed it in the center of the table. “Everything is drawn up already, all you have to do is sign in about a hundred places. Then we send it off to the courts and wait for them to tell us when it’ll be finalized.”
Sherlock sat. “Have they? I try to stay away from the news.”
“Marie said this morning she and Kyle got two sodas instead of one on their way to school.” Willa explained slowly as if not sure what Sherlock was really asking.
About five blocks, and a handful of cameras, from the restaurant Janine and her partner stopped briefly just barely in view of the camera. Janine turned and spoke to the man carrying Willa, they were obviously waiting for something. It didn’t take long until a small sedan pulled up next to the curb and they climbed inside.
John shook his head. “I don’t think so.”
Sherlock, having read the meaning behind his change in direction, shook his head. “John, not a good idea.” He warned.
Molly let out a gasp when she saw what Sherlock was holding but John held a finger up to his lips while pulling out his phone.
Also I have some plans for the future for this but I'm deciding if I want to make this into a series or have just one monster story.
“Good, a fictional man is one thing, an oversized rabbit who delivers eggs is just insulting to children.” Sherlock insisted.
When their cases began attracting attention Irene had tethered herself to Europe, listening as big bad men bent one by one under Mummy Mary’s demands. Most of those men came to her because, as horrible as it was criminality was still such a misogynistic field, the men who willingly bent under Mary wanted to be bent under Irene as well.
~~~~~
“Now, I’m asking you to leave.”
They both put her to bed again, John didn’t feel compelled to read anything soppy but he laid down with her for a few minutes. Sherlock let them have their time and tonight John didn’t stop him from leaving.
“When you start going places without an adult around.” John told her.
Sherlock scowled and turned back around, sour that his brother had reasonably thwarted his attempts to pick a fight. John, growing impatient, reached around him to open the first photo. Sherlock was distracted, just for a moment, by the bandage still wrapped around John’s hand. It was still perfectly tight and the bleeding had stopped, there really was no reason for him to be as distracted by it as he was.
“Is he really mine to keep?” Willa asked as Sherlock showed her how to measure out the dry cat food.
Mason Cooper at age nine hadn’t taken to his father’s towering height (the man had honestly been 15 centimeters taller than Sherlock) the way his siblings had. That in its self wouldn’t have been terribly odd, Hayley wasn’t very tall, but the boys coloring had been all wrong. The four other Cooper children had all had green eyes and brown hair but Mason was blue eyed and blond.
“Playground. It’s definitely broken and she hit her head, lost consciousness so probably a concussion.” Sherlock explained.
Stalk me:
“Is that what you think this is?” Sherlock was more than a little hurt that John seemed to think that he would bore of him so easily. As if Sherlock, hadn’t been in love with him since before he faked his death.
John growled lightheartedly causing Sherlock to grin at him.
A bit of Captain Watson crept into his voice, knowing well enough that would leave The Woman irate. Sherlock also heard it and his hands stumbled for a moment before he remembered himself, though a small smirk had formed on his lips. Whether from John’s voice or the fact that he was done with the bandaging, John wasn’t sure.
On January 29
“Willa?” Sherlock asked suddenly understanding where Irene was going with this.
“Would you like to come see?” Sherlock asked bedding down to Willa’s height and tapping her nose. The news had put him in an extremely good mood.
“Sherlock, there’s not enough evidence to support it even does anything.” John said and tried to stifle his laughter behind his hand.
“This can’t be casual, Sherlock. If we go into this I have to know you’re willing to aim for long term. I normally wouldn’t ask this after one date and a handful of kisses but we’re different than that. You already know Willa which means she’ll be affected by our entire relationship start to finish. She doesn’t even know I’ve dated since she was born. I’d rather end it now than just be… I don’t know, an itch you scratch or an experiment, whatever. I won’t do casual like that because she will be affected.”
“Why is Molly coming over?” Sherlock asked.
“Why do we dress up for the dead, they’re dead they can’t see us?” Sherlock mumbled under his breath and he undid his shirt.
, feel the stinging of his wounds.
“Are you meddling with that?”
Sherlock was suddenly crowding up behind him. “John, what are you and Willa up to?” He asked
Sherlock’s eyes snapped to Willa.
Janine, who'd been in the bathroom, reappeared. "We're going for a ride," she said simply, "go use the toilet quick."
His jobs since Moran had pulled him from that holding cell had become less and less sniper work and more and more close combat, even assassination and a smattering of unarmed civilian kills, but never before a child. At least never directly a child.
The press stayed away from Willa for which Sherlock and John were thankful. A few more articles were written about them but for the most part the press lost interest when they weren’t provided with any more information. It helped, of course, that there was a new juicier scandal involving some heiress and nude photographs.
John’s mouth tightened. “Sedation with the concussion?”
Sherlock huffed. “No,
“Who?” Sherlock knew John usually had only a few people over for Willa’s birthday rather than throwing her a big party.
Willa chewed on her bottom lip. “Because daddy likes tea and Aunt Molly said made gifts can be more special than ones from the store.”
They were both still sticky and Sherlock desperately needed to wash himself off but there was something comfortable about laying like this with John.
“He gave us nothing new on Mary before his death.” Mycroft said, he almost sounded apologetic about that fact.
I'm currently deciding which dramatic scenario will take place.
“Do you really visit old case sites with your daughter?” Sherlock countered.
Willa was in love with Mycroft’s estate. She was a city child through and through, thriving on the motion and the noise, but the large home and immaculate gardens captured her attention. Christmas made it even more spectacular. Mycroft was never showy or over the top about decoration but the whole place came alive with lights and warmth. Every year it looked like the front of a postcard.
“Not from me dear, found this on the chair downstairs. Someone must have set it down and forgot it.”
Ah, Valentine’s day.
John seemed just as dismayed by the whole room. Lestrade was lingering a floor below talking to some people, no doubt smoothing feathers and giving them time to look around.
Sherlock hummed at the hinge of his jaw and that vibration traveled straight down his spine. “I think you might become less so when we get to your eyes.”
“Saint Mary’s.” She told him and then Sherlock hung up on her.
Silence prevailed for another minute before Mycroft chose to speak. “I did everything I could at the time to give him a chance.” Both men winced thinking of the failed return of Moriarty plot. “Believe it or not, John, this was his best chance for survival. But I made a promise to my brother before he left.”
He turned and realized his phone wasn’t on the counter where he’d left it. Sherlock was certain he’d put it there so it was mostly out of the danger zone that had been the table.
Greg paused outside the door, there wasn’t enough space for him to enter as well without brushing up against surfaces. He imagined that was why there was a queue of cops and forensic officers waiting behind him.
Harry hadn’t necessarily wanted children of her own, she knew that her maternal skills were lacking, but that didn’t mean she wasn’t madly in love with Willa. Clara had wanted children badly and sometimes it was enough to convince Harry she felt the same. Those were the months that she’d give up drinking and tried so hard to remain sober. Obviously staying sober wasn’t something she excelled at and after some time Clara gave up, not just on children but on their entire relationship. It was why Harry cheated, not that she’d ever try to justify it to anyone that way, but the thrill of being wanted was enough to tempt her.
The bed was unmade and Sherlock smiled at it wondering how long it had taken before John had abandoned the military need to make his bed every morning, or if he was at work twitching uncomfortably remembering his messy bedroom. The sheets were a light yellow and the duvet navy blue, upon further inspection they were both of a surprisingly good quality.
Walking into the foyer wasn’t terrible. There were none of Willa’s things down here to remind him and John kept telling himself not to think of it. He couldn’t let himself think of it because he’d already broken down twice this evening, both times Sherlock had been forced to catch him and right now he was out using his resources to try and find their daughter. John needed to suck it up and do his part.
“John.” Sherlock interrupted unable to sit through anymore of the babbling, Mycroft was visably relieved not to have to listen to it as well. John’s mouth audibly snapped shut.
In reality he knew exactly where the described book was and it wasn’t in their bedroom. He just needed Sherlock out of the room so he could reassure Willa he’d gotten Sherlock’s birthday cookie.
Sherlock immediately felt relieved, John wasn’t upset about the injury, though he doubted there was any way to enjoy oneself at a shopping centre two days before Christmas.
One shot ended up being two each which was why Sherlock opted for a cab rather than walking.
Letting herself into Baker Street she noticed that the door wasn’t locked, for someone who seemed paranoid of the outside world and the threat that it posed to his daughter, John Watson was being extremely careless.
Willa noticed a man standing in the corner of the room looking out the window. His back was to them and Willa saw a gun sticking out of the back of his trousers. She must have made a noise because the woman shushed her and held the cup back up to her mouth.
John groaned and was about to scold her once again but Mycroft spoke over him. “As a matter of fact I have. I’ve also brought your father a… gift. Shall we go upstairs and I’ll show you yours?”
John stared at the text for an inordinately long amount of time before realizing what he was looking at.
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?” John yelled throwing his hands up in frustration.
Mycroft outwardly appeared unconcerned by John’s aggressive movements, though Sherlock knew his brother well enough to know when he was worried. It was Lestrade who sat up straighter, mouth drawn into a line. Sherlock was loathed to admit it but it was clear the detective was prepared to defend his husband, even from one of his oldest friends, and that was… not nothing.
Sherlock was stripped down to his shirt, sleeves rolled up and he was bouncing from surface to surface with his magnifying glass. There seemed to be no rhyme or reason to his movement but Greg new better than to question him and doing so right now might end with John finally snapping. He could see the shadow of the hand gun John owned under his sweater. Greg wasn’t
John shivered ever so slightly under his hands.
John let Willa have a cookie for dessert and treated himself to a glass of wine, a sort of pat on the back for a job well done.
She was halfway to the bathroom when Janine called out to her. “Here, change while you’re in there,” she handed a pile of clothing off to Willa.
Sherlock nodded. “I understand.”
“She was. I don’t think she meant to kill Noah. She knew she was losing custody of the children and she didn’t want that. She thought if she could make Erik look like a bad parent, a
“You were never planning on using this as an actual flat were you.” He asked Sherlock one he realized how much planning had gone into this room alone. There was no way he would have been able to change the plans since they’ve gotten together.
She frowned but nodded.
Willa glared at the timer before grabbing her notebook. John had just turned back to start making tea when Sherlock snorted in amusement. Glancing over his shoulder her saw Willa holding up her notebook.
He even snapped a few photos with his phone and sent one off to Mycroft.
Willa was unusually quiet for the rest of the evening but otherwise she seemed alright. John didn’t buy it for one minute and judging by the looks Sherlock was casting at her back, neither did he.
“Yes, I shot a man. I know but I doubt there’s any official record of that anymore.” Sherlock insisted.
“Have you thought of a name?” John asked as he took his fill of photos. Willa was totally enraptured.
Sherlock turned to John and he instantly looked normal again, except for the small spray of blood from the last blow across his cheeks. “Shall we go home?”
“There will be less people out now and someone needs to make sure you don’t spend your money on hideous trinkets.”
“I’m sorry who is this?” The third man asked, Irene recognized him as someone she’d seen in photos with Sherlock.
“And you think you will here?” He recovered, fingers digging a bit harder into Sherlock’s hips.
That thought at least gave him something to do. Pulling out his mobile, he sent a text to David, even though he hoped he was asleep, and updated him (nothing) and asked for him to pass his love onto Addy.
“You’re good at this you know?” John told him as he watched sleepily.
“What was I like?” Willa asked in between bites.
Her face was better than anything Sherlock had ever seen up until this moment and there was absolutely no way he would ever say no to her. “Yes, of course. Willa I would be honored to become your Papa.” She made another squealing noise, right by his ear, but Sherlock didn’t mind. He hugged her closer to him.
John smiled and swallowed harshly, Sherlock watched as his Adam’s apple bobbed in his throat during the motion. “Sometimes I’m not sure about that but thank you.” He then chuckled weakly. “Also we won’t even begin to delve into the psychological implications of naming a skull after yourself.”
So this is definitely the slowest slow burn ever. Thank you for sticking with and I promise there will eventually Johnlock in here... eventually.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Well I wasn’t looking for
Sherlock tried to push her head back down so he could finish. “That’s a stupid rule.”
“Sir,” came a voice from the other end of the line.
“Alright I’ve got some water for you.” The woman said and she picked up a small paper cup.
“I’m sorry.” Sherlock was upset as well because he had promised John he would end this and he didn’t want to be made a liar out of.
Sherlock passed the time by making deductions about the people standing around them to John. He was in the middle of a deduction when the counting began and for once was happy to stop mid thought.
That was the year the tradition had begun.
John held up his hand and took a deep breath. “No. We’re both too anxious to be having this conversation right now.”
Their lives had developed into a routine that they managed to stick to, for the most part.
If Greg had to pinpoint his exact purpose in this room right now, he would have to say it was as Harry Watson’s reluctant protector. It wasn’t that he actually wanted to protect her, but he worried that if he wasn’t here, there was a very real possibility that Mycroft wouldn’t do anything to prevent John and Sherlock from killing her.
The wardrobe was filled with John’s clothing now and he wondered where his own were, if they were in storage or given away. There was still a concerningly large amount of jumpers in the drawers, most of them new but Sherlock saw old favorites lovingly mixed in. There were more denims than before which indicated John was only part time at the surgery and dressed casually on the days he was off. Several them had grass stains on them, John did not coddle his daughter and the frequently played rough at the park. All of John’s pants (Sherlock had only paused for a second to considering if it was odd to be routing through his friend’s pants drawer) were several months old, in good condition but old. John wasn’t seeing anyone or even going on the pull frequently.
sir.”
“Sherlock’s making eggs. We’ll need more.” Willa informed John as she allowed herself to be lifted off the table and set on the floor.
It was noon when both Willa and Mary were finally asleep that it hit John that the one person he wanted to tell first about the birth of his daughter was gone, likely forever. He made it to an empty waiting room two floors below before breaking down.
“Captain John Watson, Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers.” Sherlock clarified, hands now slowly making their way down John’s back as if mapping him.
“Erm well… sometimes, yes.” John stuttered.
There were sirens in the distance, growing louder by the second, no doubt the ambulance coming for Harry. John inhaled sharply, ignoring the ever-growing desire to just give into his own terror.
“John?” Greg asked, he’d been asleep.
There was the sound of retching from behind them as Greer Fisher decided not to heed John’s advice to stay behind.
(See the end of the chapter for
“But,” Mycroft confessed, “I have received information that suggests Harriet may know more about this situation than we’d first believed.”
As John followed two men went in past them to guard the unconscious prisoner.
I'M CURRENTLY IN PAIN FROM LAST NIGHT STILL.
Stalk me:
Harry quickly decided to tell them the truth about that, after all Sherlock would be able to tell if she were lying to them. That would only make him suspicious of her.
In the two weeks since Willa and John had presented Sherlock with the adoption papers. John had been more vigilant than he’d been even in the days following the birthday present incident in January. He was compulsively checking and locking the doors at night, sleeping with the camera feed to Willa’s room pulled up on his mobile and wearing the gun almost every time they went out.
He knocked on the door and waited.
Sherlock grinned and put his hands on John’s side, pulling him onto him. “I certainly hope so.”
This was not how Sherlock wanted to be having the conversation about their relationship.
Part of John wanted to run upstairs, take Willa and just hide away from it all.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “It didn’t bother you that a whole crowd saw us. Why does my brother knowing matter?”
Sherlock went straight to Willa’s room. John followed after them a few seconds later. Between the two of them they undressed her and got a nightgown on her without waking her. As Sherlock waited by the door watching John tuck her in and kiss her forehead he found himself with the desire to go over and kiss her forehead as well.
He was supposedly the greatest detective alive and he was absolutely useless. Nevermind that he’d once found one of the world’s cleverest criminals, or that he’d taken down entire organized crime networks and escaped alive. Here and now, in this room, Sherlock Holmes was absolutely useless.
Sherlock shot him an odd look.
Sherlock nodded and held out the file, ever so hesitantly, “she’s been receiving payment.”
He wasn’t surprised when Mycroft appeared as John came down the stairs after putting Willa to bed.
Her neck had been so small under his hands, he’d only really needed one, and he’d been able to feel the violent tremors wracking her body as she’d known was he was going to do. Her spine had made the same noise knuckles did when he twisted her chin sharply. He’d never again be able to hear someone crack their fingers without remembering the way her neck had felt under
“Oh?” John asked and dropped the menu in favor of placing his hands on Sherlock’s hips.
Willa preened, pleased with the compliments. What was it about children always wanting to be older than they were? “Thank you, papa did it.”
Carve her up, make her unrecognizable had been his next instructions.
“Well you’ll need to get used to it.” Sherlock told him bluntly. He softened the messaged by kissing John’s temple. “Unless we hire a nanny, you’ll have to stay behind sometimes.”
John really was a nightmare to get into bed later that night only because he’d fallen asleep during the cab ride home. Sherlock was sober enough to direct him down the hall to the bedroom before thanking Molly for babysitting. She wished him a happy New Year as she left.
Sherlock could only moan in response.
~~~~~~
John was woken by Willa literally bouncing on his chest, the sun wasn’t even up yet. He groaned and fished his mobile out of his pocket. 6:12 mocked him on the screen. He groaned and grabbed her, rolling onto his side he forced her to lay with him for a moment.
birthday. Now look at your dad so I can finish.”
“After Mary I didn’t leave her alone with anyone until the summer after she turned two. One night Greg and Molly showed up at the flat.” John began not sure why he was telling him this. “Greg threatened to drag me out in cuffs and Molly kept reassuring me she was perfectly capable watching a sleeping toddler. I did go eventually but I spent the entire night worrying about Willa.”
Sherlock refused to answer John’s text for another hour, by which point John was checking into the hotel. It was surprisingly nice considering it had been set up through work. It had wifi which was arguably the only thing John cared about during this trip.
The entire day went well and John managed to only text twice and call once during his lunch break.
Sherlock’s lungs fluttered and he fought to keep himself from hyperventilating again. Mycroft was climbing out of the car, leaving room for Sherlock to follow. Once his legs remembered how to work he did.
Erik looked even more bewildered. “I changed the cartridge on Friday night. Why?”
Mrs. Hudson made a noise of agreement. “Well I’m not going to take up knitting now am I?” She asked sounding affronted.
John pulled Sherlock back into his mouth. His free hand coming up to cup his balls, massaging them gently between his fingers. The sounds Sherlock was making were beautiful but obviously restrained. John wondered how he’d sound otherwise.
“Of course.” He reassured her and pat her hair. “How did you know I like pirates?”
daughter’s room and he nodded. “I’ve never been better.”
are you up now?”
John reached out a hand and traced Sherlock’s cheeks. Sherlock relaxed into the warm pressure on his face, the intimate gestures were becoming more familiar between them.
Sherlock returned home after Willa went to bed in a huff.
“Mmmm,” Gregory had just popped something into his mouth. He quickly chewed and swallowed while waving his arms around as if that would help him do it faster. “She was there, found a sweater and some hair stuffed in a window. Sherlock thinks she put it there herself.”
“Why?” Sherlock said looking at him, he was genuinely confused.
John.
Willa loved Baker street.
As to why it looks different.
There wasn’t much to look at though. Parts of the ceiling had come down in the room and there was water damage everywhere. The only feature in the room that might have been worth anything was the mattress but that had been burnt so severely all that remained were the metal coils sticking up.
Still, when Lestrade returned twenty-one minutes later, he was juggling five cups of coffee. He had a bag stuck between his teeth too.
He was the world’s greatest detective and surely with Daddy’s help they’d be able to find her.
“Is Sherlock coming?” Willa asked as they walked towards one of the small cafés she enjoyed so much.
“My room.” She mumbled into his shoulder sounding suspiciously like she was going to fall asleep there.
Moran was the only Brit but there had also been a Frenchman, two Germans, a Canadian and one other American besides Cole.
“John.” Sherlock panted.
She was very pretty and looked a lot like Daddy, only shorter and with longer hair. She didn’t smell as nice though, she smelt very strongly of perfume and sometimes of the wine Daddy liked to drink. Willa occasionally tried to figure out if she’d be short like Daddy and Aunt Harry or if she’d grow tall like Papa. Right now she was shorter than most of her classmates. When she had told Daddy this he smiled and stroked her hair telling her it was because all the Watsons were short.
Sherlock sank back in his chair and smirked triumphantly at John who returned it with a genuine smile and a small head shake.
“I am planning to begin taking clients again after the new year.” Sherlock informed him.
Harry could hear the lecture about food costs stuck in John’s throat. John who looked at anything more than twenty pounds and died a little on the inside. Yet when Sherlock told Willa she could have anything John swallowed down his typical arguments.
Willa was out of her chair in a flash grabbing her coat, thrilled she was going with them on one of their investigations.
John smiled. “Well I’d tell you I think it’s a brilliant idea.”
Sherlock stood abruptly. “I think you should leave, Mr. Wolfe.”
Harry’s eyes widened comically. “But,” her head whipped between Sherlock and him, “you’re straight.” She said to John.
She gave a short nod and turned to leave, but before she reached the door, she turned to Greg. "Would you like anything, Detective Lestrade?"
Sherlock huffed at him. “Yes, let’s go out.”
John didn’t bother to work him hard first, instead he just swallowed Sherlock’s semi-hard cock down with no preamble. Sherlock dropped the file and heard the paper scatter along the floor. He could feel John smirking around him.
“I believe you’ve forgotten somewhere.” John said and crudely motioned toward his straining cock.
Mycroft had given him a devastating blow later that afternoon. The number was from a burn phone.
A New Year's Eve chapter on New Year's eve? Yay me!
They were all varying genders, weights, ethnicities, ages, religions, and sexual orientations. There was a vegan and the old man from the assisted living facility lived off of soften foods.
“Look.” John said in an effort to reassure them. “We’ve got nowhere to be for the rest of the day. I’d rather be helpful than sitting around at home.” He grinned then and nodded to his daughter. “Besides at this rate she’ll be hogging him for the rest of the day.”
John laughed and Willa turned to him. “Any eggs I don’t have to make are just fine.”
The funeral was held the following Tuesday and the entire school had been invited. All of the children were excused automatically if they were absent for the day. Noah’s mother had requested that those who attended didn’t wear black, instead she encouraged bright colors. Willa sat between John and Sherlock in a pew during the mass, she was wearing a bright orange dress John had chosen when she refused to do so.
He traveled back up this side in much the same fashion as the first. When he reached John’s arse he nipped at it again and shifted back.
John had forgotten how much he loved babies at this stage.
John was dressed for bed in pants and a vest, his hair mussed by the sixty minutes of tossing and turning.
Mycroft couldn’t imagine Harriet Watson being the one to receive a ransom call for Willa and even if she did it was unlikely that she’d forget to inform anyone else about it. If this wasn’t just some innocent call and an injured woman, which he was slowly beginning to doubt was a possibility, then she was certainly involved in Willa’s disappearance. Mycroft just wasn’t entirely sure how she’d fit into the entire thing.
~~~~~~
Sherlock made a strangled noise and seemed to slide even further down his chair.
He ignored two texts from John and spent the night in one of their guest rooms, ignoring Mycroft’s knowing looks.
“Well then have my brother stick his nose in. He does so love to do that.” Sherlock said as he leaned forward and picked up one of the pictures off the desk.
“Did you spend all my money?” He asked then, changing the subject.
Harry couldn’t blame the woman, John was always so obviously in love with Sherlock from the moment they met that competing for his affections must have been exhausting.
At noon he heard footsteps on the stairs. It wasn’t John or Mrs. Hudson. Pulling himself out of the room Sherlock shut the door and went to see who it was.
Sherlock was on the sofa, John’s laptop in his lap, when John got back upstairs.
“No what’s on your mind dear?” She asked sitting across from him.
The real world indeed found them later that week.
Sherlock’s breathing returned to normal. “But she’s let out the flat.”
“Stop that.” Sherlock scolded and swatted at him.
Addison was three years older than Willa. Greg had admitted one night at the pub she’d been an attempt to save his crumbling marriage after Sherlock had revealed his wife’s infidelities. Of course he hadn’t seen it that way at the time but he realized, in hindsight, that had been what she was. Addison had been in that stage where she was obsessed with baby dolls and babies when Willa was born and that had been the start of their friendship.
“TJ?”
“How would you like to use your new power?”
Sherlock nodded and turned his hand so he was holding John’s wrist, his pulse jumped under Sherlock’s fingers. He squeezed gently before going to shower.
That got Sherlock to sigh and hold out his arms. John gently placed the baby into them and Sherlock on instinct drew the boy up to his chest.
Willa smiled shyly at Sherlock and Sherlock waited patiently while she gathered her thoughts. He could see Angelo in the reflection of the glass, watching them.
“Yes.” John answered without hesitation, Willa beamed. There was no doubt in his mind that Sherlock would turn down the opportunity to adopt Willa, even though it hadn’t quiet been six months since he came back.
John cursed inwardly when he realized he’d never updated Harry as to the status of his and Sherlock’s relationship. “Uh no actually.” He said.
“Don’t,” John growled at her, “don’t you fucking lie to me right now.”
She already knew most of the details of the cases from reading the blog a great number of things most people wouldn’t have told a six-year-old. John tactfully edited things out that he felt he needed to. It didn’t escape Sherlock’s notice that all of the sites were from their first few major cases, none from the year he jumped or when John and Mary were together.
Willa made another noise of dissatisfaction.
Sherlock shook his head hard enough his curls bounced and then left.
“Miss Watson became ill and extremely agitated around three this morning,” Jessica explained as she handed the paper to him. “We looked into it after it was noted in her chart and found she had received a phone call to her room moments prior.”
“Took out the entire top of an abandoned building, said it was lit on purpose. Reports that there’d been activity up in that room lately.” He explained.
“I love you too, Daddy.” Willa chirped back.
“So, you just gave it to her?” John asked, incredulously. “You decided ‘oh to hell with, John’ and just gave it to her?”
“I don’t want to leave Baker Street.” Was all Sherlock said.
Sherlock scowled at her. “So you’ve decided to make Mary your enemy?” He asked and stepped into her line of sight. He might be furious with John but he wasn’t about to let her wind him up to doing something he might regret.
“Look at me.” John urged and Sherlock opened his eyes to find John closer to his face than he had been.
“I assume what you’re trying not to ask is if I have any diseases.” Sherlock said bluntly, John just nodded. “You’re probably most concerned about hepatitis and HIV because of my former drug habit. I have never shared needles. I do not have documents to show you right now but the British government saw fit to relieve me of half of my blood supply before allowing me back into the country. I am clean.”
“Do you like it?” She asked gesturing to the giant cookie sitting in the middle of the table.
Harry didn’t answer, just watched them all with wide eyes.
John pulled out of the embrace first and he reached up to stroke Sherlock’s cheek. “It’ll be alright.” He assured Sherlock instead. “We’ll be fine.”
Uhm. So sex... yeah.
~~~~~~
Sherlock had not stepped foot on British soil in nearly six years.
“Is this how I get you to behave?” John asked, leaning forward so his breath was hitting Sherlock as he spoke.
“Why not?” Both Sherlock and John asked at the same time. Sherlock felt a warmth in his chest knowing John wasn’t eager to kick him out.
Sherlock looked back to the counter. There was one of Willa’s cups, half drank, near where his phone had been.
(See the end of the chapter for
He barely waited for the cab to stop and tossed a few pounds at the cabbie before darting into the A and E. He approached the nurse at the front desk, luckily she wasn’t with anyone not that that would have stopped him from interrupting.
Also somehow in the editing process (which was literally I printed out 17 pages and re typed them) this chapter gained over 500 extra words.
John shook his head. “No, Sherlock could really adopt you at any time if we wanted.”
Hadeon let out a yell and tried to jerk away.
He was in serious danger of losing all vocabulary past John’s name when the lube clicked a second time. He forced his eyes open to watch John slick himself. He would gladly replace all 243 types of tobacco ash with this image.
Sherlock nodded and turned back to the window. This was definitely not going the way he’d hoped.
“You’re very lively today.” Sherlock commented to Willa who was still bouncing up and down where she stood.
Sherlock had, despite having no real grasp of the solar system, seemed to know exactly which telescope he wanted to purchase so John had left him to it and looked for books.
“What? No!” Sherlock shouted reaching over to take Mycroft’s phone from his hands. “Baker Street, now.”
“He’s up to something, you do know that, right?” Sherlock whispered into his ear.
Sherlock’s closest hand found his thigh and pinched. “Must you be so crude?”
John was bent in half laughing, his entire face lit up with joy. He would have kept going forever but eventually his arms started to tire.
“Thirty-two year old football mum from Dollis Hills, eighty-year-old in Golden Gate’s assisted living facility, a seventeen-year-old kids from Hackney among five others who have absolutely nothing in common.” Greg said and pointed at the file in Sherlock’s hands.
Sherlock wanted to interrupt, to tell John that he didn’t owe anything to him but he knew if he did John might not give him the whole story. That was what Sherlock needed most at this point.
John gingerly hugged Willa and kissed her forehead before leaning up and kissing Sherlock. Sherlock could see his pulse throbbing in his neck.
It had just gone ten when a small whimper erupted into the silence in the living room of 221B Baker Street. Both John and Sherlock were still awake, John finally getting around to reading the day’s paper and Sherlock doing something on the laptop. At that first sound, Sherlock immediately paused his furious typing, muscles suddenly going tense. John held his breath and waited.
Willa was off for Christmas break starting the next day. The original plan was that she’d spend the days John worked downstairs with Mrs. Hudson but he’d been considering asking Sherlock and after last night he knew he had to.
He did order the Chinese and set a delivery time for six. He always felt bad enough when ordering for a party of people that he called in advanced.
John nodded.
“The insulin in Noah’s pump, when was it last changed?” Sherlock continued with his line of questioning.
“I’ve called the hotel and sent someone for him.”
The doors opened into a grey cinderblock hall. Anthea led the way once again through the winding halls until coming to stop in front of one of the dozens of unmarked doors. She held open the door for John.
“Make extra cupcakes for her birthday dinner.” John instructed as he settled back down into the bed, drawing his hand from Sherlock’s face.
At first Sherlock had thought he was imagining things, imagining hearing John’s phone vibrate in the middle of the night, because John wasn’t restricting his access to the phone. He never snapped or snarled when Sherlock used it instead of crossing the room for his own. Then Sherlock had most certainly heard a text alert and when he went to investigate only twenty minutes later no text was to be found. John was deleting them. So he did what any perfectly paranoid partner would do, he stayed up for three nights in a row waiting for another text to come in.
“Sir?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes at her and pierced her with a glare that made her feel like an insect. “She was Mary’s maid of honor at the wedding.”
“Valentine’s weekend.” Harry clarified.
Mycroft was comfortable enough with him (as he should be seeing as they'd been married for over two years) that he was allowing Greg to see him at his most vulnerable. As the man who cared deeply for his family, for his niece and her fathers, and felt he needed to be the one to right this wrong. It made Greg want to get up from his seat and force Mycroft to stop pacing, to bury his face in his neck and assure his husband it'd all end up alright. Sherlock always came out on top, and god willing, this would be no different.
True to Mycroft’s word there were workers in 221C on the following Friday. Sherlock spent the first half of the day scrutinizing their methods much to the irritation of the men. Despite their obvious annoyance with Sherlock they were exceptionally polite right up until they kicked him out under the guise of needing protective suits with some of the chemicals.
Sherlock was the one to pull back although he seemed reluctant about it, one hand was gripping John’s coat at his side. “Not going to hit me this time?” He tried to joke but his voice was terribly unsteady.
“I would have liked to have known her then.” Sherlock admitted.
The mental argument John was having showed on his face until finally he nodded. “Alright.”
“What do we get a girl born two weeks after Christmas for her birthday?” John asked as they left the school.
He came hard and with John’s name on his lips, repeating like a mantra.
“Mrs. Hudson is home this weekend. I wouldn’t have been able to make you scream.” Sherlock said and his voice was suddenly dark and dirty. It went straight to John’s cock and he groaned.
Watson.” John ground out and he very carefully put the scope back and took a step towards Doctor Trayford.
John then proceeded to tease Sherlock, taking him to the edge over and over only to draw back and ask inane questions, for nearly thirty minutes before finally letting him come.
There was a pinched look on Irene’s face and she huffed. “I’ll go, as you wish, though I expect you want me to find your daughter for you while I’m away?” Her hands were still on Sherlock’s shoulders.
Mycroft reached over and muted them again. “I am keeping my brother from killing this man. Your level of involvement is your own decision Captain Watson.”
She clearly wasn’t asking, as she was already disappearing into her flat towards the kitchen. “He’s out with the homeless, putting out the word about it.” He found himself feeling a bit calmer in this woman’s steadfast presence, his voice was more even now.
John’s heart stuttered. “He’s alive?” His voice was suddenly rough with emotion.
John sighed in exasperation as he stooped to the floor picking up hurriedly discarded shoes. Some days he scolded Willa for leaving her shoes lying about, usually those were the days when the hastily kicked off shoes nailed the wall, but some days he simply trailed behind her picking them up. He was just happy he’d finally managed to break her from completely stripping during her ascent to her room.
Isabelle Durant was hanging limply from what appeared to be a rotating clothing rack, a red scarf tangled in the mechanism.
“What are the plans for Christmas?” John asked Mycroft.
Greg grinned at him. “Glad to see he hasn’t changed.”
“I doubt most children look at their cupcakes, rather just shove them in their faces. Hannah Miller sounds like a braggart.” Sherlock told him.
John considered the question as he took a bite of his salad. “Well that’s a bit complicated because you really usually only get stepparents if you already have two parents.”
Sherlock brushed by him and snatched the folder from his hand. “The universe is rarely so lazy.” He paused as if thinking of something. “Uhg, you should know that saying.”
John realized now that Sherlock was speaking.
“John?” Sherlock breathed after Hayley and Luke had disappeared for the moment off to save a stranger’s child from the clutches of their mischievous twins.
Sherlock came to stand behind him. John could feel the kitten wiggling against his back
On Wednesday night the forecast had called for more snow. Willa had jumped up and ran into the kitchen upon hearing the news. She’d pulled out bowls and set them on the table before climbing into John’s lap excitedly, nearly knocking his laptop to the floor.
Sherlock was counting them and he had created a list to hang on the door to John’s wing in his mind palace.
Without warning Sherlock’s hand shot up and gripped at John’s wrist. His thumb was on a pressure point and digging in excruciatingly. John did his best not to wince at the pain. “Sherlock. It’s John.” He said in his best soothing voice, the one he used when Willa had nightmares.
When John got back inside he found Sherlock lingering at the stairs. He had one foot up on the bottom step, hand on the railing like he’d planned on going up but just froze. His eyes were focused on the wall at the top of the stairs but John still remembered that face enough to know he was about to lose Sherlock to his thoughts.
Once again, he was struck by the scene of Sherlock Holmes taking care of a small child.
Sherlock shut them. “John, your daughter is terrorizing me.”
Willa was already at the table with a glass of milk and a plain piece of bread. John shrugged at her snack choice and cleaned up their mess from the morning.
“Her allergies.” Sherlock repeated.
a brother or sister.”
He was highly amused, though he tried to hide it, that when he told Willa to brush her hair she took the spray and brush over to Sherlock. Sherlock brushed out her hair and while John was in the bathroom he looked up how to braid hair and managed a passable French braid. John could barely do neat pigtails and it wouldn’t due to have Mrs. Hudson being the only person in the building who could tame Willa’s hair.
~~~~~~
Willa choked on laughter she felt bubbling up, still tired and a little disoriented. They’d been trying so hard to make her not look like herself, not look like Daddy anymore, but they’d only managed to make her look more like Papa instead.
John and not about him. She was still just a child and wanted her father when ill.
“Uh. Thank you. This is mostly Belle. She completely redid the flat when we bought it, turned an entire bedroom upstairs into a closet for herself.” Greer said stumbling valiantly through the mental whiplash Sherlock had imposed with his sudden topic change.
The telescope was assembled and Sherlock was sitting on the floor looking through one of the astronomy books they’d purchased.
“Are we good?” John asked.
“Willa. I need to look at your hand to see if we need to call your daddy or not.” Sherlock said trying to sound calm. He wasn’t, which was ridiculous seeing as this was most definitely not a life-threatening injury. At most she would need stitches but just the thought of having to call John and tell him she’d gotten hurt while he was supposed to be watching her made Sherlock nauseous.
“Because sometimes that’s how life works. Besides I’ve got you, why would I need another child?” John asked hoping a little ego boost would draw her off the subject.
“Why not?” She ask turning to look at him.
Sherlock remained where he was, the metal rod held by his side.
John took a step back like he’d been struck. “You thought I was cheating? Jesus, Sherlock, what is wrong with you?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “You’ll only get heartburn.”
John straightened up so abruptly that he shoved Sherlock’s chair into the desk. “So this is all we’ve got to go on?” He was agitated, “bits of useless video and a polite kidnapper?”
Willa nodded and bit her lip. She wanted to cry but she was afraid if she did they would hurt her.
John nodded and sat in his chair. “Yes. She does supplementary work with a tutor two days a week.”
“Normally we get the children several smaller items for Easter.” Mycroft explained, blocking the front door.
John was still clutching her to him when he entered the office. Mycroft was seated behind his laptop.
“Sit down, Harry.” He snapped at her, she obeyed. “There are things you don’t know about. That you don’t need to know about but Janine taking Willa has nothing to do with whatever relationship she and Sherlock had over six years ago.”
Willa had been born three weeks early. Not early enough she was at any real risk but early enough the doctors wanted them to stay an extra day to make sure she didn’t develop any complications.
“Not even in the slightest.” John agreed.
“Brave.” Sherlock insisted and buries his head further down into John’s shoulder. He didn’t want to imagine a world where John Watson had pulled the trigger that morning.
as close to 'I need you here' as he was going to get from Mycroft.
John never had to wonder if the theatrical nature was hereditary, all he had to do was look at how both Mycroft and Sherlock lived their lives. He saw Molly grin at him from the corner of his eye, obviously thinking the same thing.
“Life changed, Sherlock.” John said as Sherlock lowered himself down on the edge of the bed. “I’ve got Willa, I’d hate being outside London and we’ve got Baron. Even if he is a tiny bastard.” He might have been on the wrong end of Baron’s claws once or twice.
Sherlock was so elated he felt his heart begin to pound again. All was well. John was on Baker Street.
Sherlock stopped and he looked over at the two of them and then out at the girls. “Hmm I think I’ll go help Willa.”
Mycroft had… questioned Harriet for half an hour after everyone else had gone running out before returning to the office. Even though there had been an officer in the hospital Mycroft decided it was best to put one of his own people at her door, to make sure nothing she said or did went unnoticed.
“No I didn’t!” Willa protested obviously appalled at the idea she had ever cried that much.
As he replaced the pages he surreptitiously took stock of the room. A camera wouldn’t have been odd in an infant or toddler room but Willa was nearly six, plus John had confessed to there being a motion detector on the camera as well. There were also bars on the windows and yet there were motion detectors on those, no doubt if he opened a window a security firm would be alerted. There were more security measures in this one room than there were in the rest of the house.
Sherlock nodded and carefully picked it up to show her. She was tentative to step forward until he reached out and pulled her closer.
He smiled fondly and then crept around to Sherlock’s side of the bed. Kneeling on it he pressed a kiss into the other man’s hair.
“But the master is on the first floor?” Sherlock asked even though he was already across the room flinging open the doors to said room.
“He was alive as of three days ago.” Mycroft confessed.
That night after John had gone up to bed Sherlock slipped out to put the word out through his homeless network. They would be especially interested in this case since one of their own had been caught up.
Ten years ago Sherlock had been coming off the end of a fairly intense danger night after believing The Woman to be dead. Despite Sherlock’s protests, he had cared about her, whether it was true affection or interest in the puzzle she presented it didn’t matter. Her ‘death’ had affected Sherlock. John had sat with him that night dealing with the emotional whiplash a hurt Sherlock could be. Never once did he imagine Sherlock could be this way.
Greer shrugged. “She does.”
The photographs documented her growth from a short brunette child with glasses to the surgically augmented, bottle blond, twenty-three year old of today. She’d gone from long tasteful gowns, obviously chosen by her father, to bodycon dresses in her teens. By eighteen she’d adapted what she was trying to turn into her signature look, a ridiculously long red silk scarf that trailed on the ground behind her in all of the photographs.
“The hair, in the sweater. That’s not normal,” Greg explained.
He lifted Willa up and she squeaked in delight and wrapped her arms around his neck, fingers burrowing beneath his scarf. He cupped a hand behind her head and urged her to burry her head down as well.
“I know it’s stupid that I’ve been hanging onto this, especially since your back.” John said dropping the box onto the table with a thunk. “But I haven’t found the time to give it back to you.”
Sherlock inhaled shakily on the other end, trying to regain his composure. “Willa’s missing.” He said, his tone regaining some of its normal qualities. At those words Mycroft was up on his feet though his heart seemed content to sink into the pit of his stomach.
“Harry was pistol whipped.” John said in the same clipped tone as he marched towards the back of the restaurant that was now empty. “She was coming around as the ambulance pulled out.”
Gregory nodded, more food having gone into his mouth. “They cut her hair it seems, I put an issue out to the rest of the yard about that.”
“Because I didn’t
Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock nearly dropped the dishes into the sink. “Why would he say that?”
“You’ll let me know you’re okay though.” John interrupted.
There were about thirteen thousand things currently running through Greg’s head after a phone call like that. The most prominent being
Sherlock copied him and Mrs. Hudson seemed content for the moment.
Thaaat being said.
Reinette- French for little queen
“Oh god yes.” John breathed again.
“John. How long?” Sherlock persisted with light slow strokes.
John gave him a disbelieving look. “Yeah, and then you end up stabbed or poisoned.”
John’s forehead skewed up as he thought about it. “I have no idea.” He admitted eventually.
He relieved Sherlock of his small burden in order to change and feed the boy.
From the kitchen he could hear muffled chatting downstairs and then his phone went off. John pulled it from his pocket.
Month after month he kept moving forward with single minded determination. It was horrible. Nothing was ever new or exciting.
Sherlock glanced down at John’s hand for a moment before shaking his head. “I think this is best, what is it? Sealed with a kiss?”
“So I was wondering what you were doing on Thursday?” She asked. John could faintly hear a saw in the background and wondered what Aaron was attempting to fix now.
When Willa disappeared from the room he showed the note to John.
“Oh thank god.” John said and looked ready to collapse.
“So what do you think?” She asked and tipped her head towards her husband. “It is the first time you’ve met him and all.”
A world where he had just been another soldier suicide, a quickly forgotten reminder of the injustices of war. The Sherlock Holmes of that world would have certainly be dead by now as well.
John looked from the present back to the sheet in hand and made his decision.
Halfway through diagnosing the third ear infection of the day John remembered the conversation they’d been having right before Sherlock got upset. John had told him Molly was babysitting. Had that been what upset Sherlock? Had he wanted to watch Willa?
Mycroft sighed but the skin around his eyes softened. “The marriage was annulled seven months after you left. Mary is in the wind, not even I can find her. John had asked if he and the child could move back to Baker Street once the marriage dissolved. A request I could hardly deny him.”
Mycroft nodded. “Has my brother informed you of your destination.”
“This is raw.” John said, realization dawning. “You’ve been giving her raw honey.”
She told Sherlock of her hip replacement and to his delight explained the surgery in detail. She asked him about where he’d been and he tried to tell her but kept the details to a minimum, he was never sure exactly which actions had been sanctioned by the government and it wouldn’t do to make Mrs. Hudson an accomplice in an international incident.
Rosie.”
I have gone back and edited the prologue and ch 1. No content has changed but I cleaned up the wording and fixed some errors.
Please remember I fly by the seat of my pants with no beta or britpicker. You get what you get... sorry.
Willa smirked and John recognized it as her ‘you’ve lost’ face, he almost felt bad for Sherlock. “I was testing to see if food dyes affected how fast snow melted and if so which colors affected it the most.” John could hear Mycroft in her words. No doubt he’d helped her refined her hypothesis when they’d been in the kitchen that day waiting for John and Sherlock to come up.
John wasn’t surprised that Sherlock knew and wondered when he’d figured it out. He shook his head. “Infatuated yes but not in love, not yet.”
“For real?” David shouted, the teenage stoicism melting away as he practically salivated over the bike.
John sighed. “I’m mad you took my gun and ran off. I’m mad you and your bloody brother made me wait six hours in the dark but I am not mad, upset or frankly bothered by what you did down there.”
Mycroft shook his head and sat up, attempting to smooth out his clothes. “No,” he said eventually, “I think it might have been the food.”
“It’s… well it’s not nice, but I guess there’s no other word for it, nice to meet you Mr. Holmes.” Lukas said as they shook hands.
“Of course she has, have you met her?”
Sherlock didn’t.
John’s knees gave out and he sank into a chair, one hand still clutching Willa. “Did he accept?”
John shook his head. “No, but I also proposed to a murdering psychopath. I’m not the best at reading people’s intentions when I’m in a relationship with them.”
John nodded. “She’s had x-rays?”
John spent the entire day worrying about Sherlock. His leaving in the middle of the afternoon had been odd enough but then to not return home, even for a little, had caused John to worry. The only thing that had stopped him from dropping into a full blown panic was a text from Greg saying Sherlock was at their house.
Willa took a bit of her food and chewed it for a moment. “So Sherlock’s your boyfriend?”
John normally kept the key to his lock box taped to the top of the wardrobe. Sherlocked pulled out the gun and clip. After checking the clip was full he slid it into his pocket and the pistol into the back of his waistband.
She took a staggered step backward and held onto the wall, the shock written across her face. “What?”
Willa was circling the microscope with, what John could only describe as, hungry eyes. Sherlock noticed and went over to her.
Sherlock opened his eyes and looked at his partner. “John, I would have said something if you were hurting me.”
“I’m sorry what?” Lestrade asked sounding utterly confused, it was a common trait of his.
Sherlock considered it for a moment. He’d been uncomfortable letting John scold her when she hadn’t really done anything wrong. “You didn’t need to be scolded.” He said simply.
“You cried nonstop for the first two hours.” John said with a fond smile remembering how her angry squalls echoed in the room.
Mycroft’s nose immediately went up in the air and John rolled his eyes.
“What?” Willa asked. She was immediately displeased that at no knowing something. John turned and gave him a sharp glare.
He jumped when Molly deliberately let the door shut loudly behind her but she refused to move from the doorway. Here she really couldn’t see anything taking place in the room.
Sherlock and John’s room was tidy for the most part but there was an air of chaos about it. Sherlock’s things had been haphazardly shoved into the room around John’s. Now he had a chance to distribute everything evenly and finally have a place for all of his things again and if he liberated John from a few of his more hideous jumpers it was all for the better. Once he was finished he was surprised at the small thrill of seeing all of their things coexisting so nicely.
Mycroft said nothing.
“Do you have cake on your birthday?” Willa asked from in front of the oven where she was watching the first dozen bake.
Janine grabbed Willa's hand and pulled her after him, "come on, we have somewhere to be."
Angelo greeted John like an old friend and treated Willa like royalty, he didn’t hide his surprise at seeing Sherlock well. Evidently John still visited the little restaurant a few times a year.
“What do you mean? I didn’t do anything?” Harry insisted but John could see that her heart was in her protests.
Mycroft and Greg exchanged glances before Greg finally nodded, “alright.”
John had been much, much easier to follow.
“Yes. It’s mostly been small articles and of course they caught wind of your help with the Soda Slayer case.” John explained.
John made a strangled noise and nodded. “Not any time soon, probably.”
Mr. West shook his head. “Well, no. She does leave for special instruction twice a day because of her advanced academics. I also have a teachers aide.”
a needle.”
John leaned into the hug. “I thought something had seriously happened. I felt like I couldn’t breathe.”
The sound of something shattering only vaguely permeated the thick cloud of fog that had taken up residence in John’s head but he ignored it. He couldn’t be arsed to give a damn about things breaking. Not when his entire world had begun to crumble.
John nearly laughed at the palpable relief on Sherlock’s face when he informed him that he’d never perpetuated the Easter bunny myth.
John shook his head. “No, I just wish these vultures would learn to leave well enough alone.” He stood and squeezed Sherlock’s shoulder. “I’m going to call the school and warn them. Thank god they’ve already got some high press kids there.”
John sighed. “Where will we put the litter box?”
“I know.” John repeated.
More recently it had been the sounds of Willa that brightened the flat, her laugh most of all. She’d been barely a year old the very first time she’d laughed properly for Mycroft. Back then she’d been an endless supply of giggles for her father and even Mrs. Hudson, both of them willing to make fools of themselves just to earn them. Mycroft, at the time, hadn’t been willing to lower himself to that level. So instead, her first giggle for him had come from a simple sneeze.
“It looks like Harriet Watson has been relaying information regarding Willa to someone for the past five years,” Mycroft said as he straightened up, his anger returning.
Lestrade was still standing in the hall watching him. “I said I’d look at it. I can’t
“Gregory that’s hardly -” Mycroft began only to be cut off once again, only this time it was by a hand held up by his husband.
“What?” Harry asked, it was her turn to be confused now.
(See the end of the chapter for
It was actually better to go about at four in the morning making his presence in the city known. The men and women out at this time would be young or new and need assistance for survival. These were the people who would easily trust him after a kind word and some change. It was the people who came out just before the morning work rush that Sherlock would have to work harder for but they also had the most knowledge of what was going on in the city. So as the city woke Sherlock began stopping in at the newly open coffee shops and buying trays of coffee to hand out.
John sighed and only felt a little guilty when he called up the video monitor from Willa’s room. Sure enough Sherlock was now standing by the side of the bed, pulling the covers up under her chin and talking softly to her. He watched even after Sherlock left the room as she snuggled down into her bed.
protect herself and you feel you have to do it for her.”
John chuckled and shook his head. “That’s his new get out of jail free card.”
“Sherlock…” John started, about to point out the flaws in that plan, but another frustrated growl ripped from the detective’s throat.
“Who would poison a little boy?” Lisa asked finishing her question from earlier.
He kept watching until her breathing evened out and soft snores were picked up by the microphone.
“Yes, if you want me to remain sane, I think I do. Besides with as many cases as you dismiss for being ‘dull’ you know we could go months without a paying client.” John told him and gently tapped his head.
Willa kept her mouth shut and she couldn’t help but glance over at Cole and his gun.
She nodded and gave him a sympathetic look when he explained the situation.
Sherlock pulled his mouth away. “Why?”
Sherlock look nearly as happy as Willa had at Christmas. “Really?”
“I take drugs when I’m troubled.” Sherlock reminded him.
“No one I’ve met.” Hadeon said evasively.
“Hello Molly.” Sherlock greeted before walking around the table and resting a hand on Willa’s shoulder. “Hello Willa.”
Sherlock scoffed. “She’s hardly a burden, John, of course I wouldn’t mind watching her.”
They took a cab to the Benihana in Chelsea, it was closer to Harry’s flat, and only managed to be ten minutes late. As Sherlock had predicted Harry wasn’t even there yet. John scowled at the sidewalk and checked his phone, there were no texts warning that she’d be late. John decided to text her to see if she was even going to bother showing up.
Despite being assured that the return to London was safe there were new security measures put in place. Mrs. Hudson had agreed to bars being installed outside of the windows in the room and even then there had been a motion sensor alarm place on them. The baby monitor was probably a couple thousand pounds worth of government security tech that allowed John to pull up the feed through an encrypted channel on his laptop and mobile.
John grumbled something derogatory under his breath but walked away towards the bathroom.
John read them two chapters and Willa begged for a third until he pointed out she was meant to be asleep already. He had relaxed part of the way through the first chapter and had remembered to remove his coat by the second.
There was something electric about being in the same room as Sherlock Holmes and Irene Adler. It was electric, the kind of electricity that you could feel halfway across the room as it raised your hair and made your veins tingle. It was the kind of electricity that set John’s nerves on edge and left him with the itch to punch something,
“I’ll come with.” Sherlock found himself offering.
“You could have helped.” The woman huffed at Luke as she finally reached them. She didn’t stop but immediately went to John and pulled him into a hug. “Good to see you, John.”
“Don’t.” Sherlock said softly, fingers digging into his hips. “If you must, I’ll let you feel guilty later but not now.”
When Willa was three months old John began to worry about Mary. There was a certain lack of emotion between Mary and Willa that was slowly becoming more evident as the baby grew. Mary wasn’t neglectful or even a bad parent as Willa was always content, clean and fed when he got home from the surgery. He noticed Willa never seemed to smile up at Mary whereas the moment her tiny blue eyes spotted John she would break into the widest gummy smile. Mary seemed almost apathetic towards the whole thing, towards them. She often left for ‘alone time’ as soon as John got home, never asked to come along with them on their walks and if John was home she never went out of her way to feed or cuddle the baby. John worried about postpartum depression.
“I never said I wasn’t interested in your cock. I said I had sufficient data on how it tasted.” Sherlock corrected.
Somehow though the room seemed smaller than it had been.
Sherlock shook his head. “Fine, I’ll look at it.”
John tried to read any clues from where Sherlock was driving him. The only thing he got from this was that they were headed back into London.
“Oh. Well.” Sherlock finally managed after a minute. “I’ve got a stopwatch we can use.”
Willa sat on his lap through the frankly terrible singing. It made her irrationally happy and pleased John so he tolerated it.
John rolled his eyes. “She’s not been in work this week. Actually, she offered to spend the evening with Willa on Thursday.”
Sherlock was in court over the Wolfe case, something he hated immensely but John couldn’t do for him. So he’d taken Willa on his own.
The next time he messaged was during lunch. Apparently, he’d been stuck back in the conference room with no reception for their final day. Sherlock didn’t try to bring up the previous night, John would be home later that afternoon and he could drag out whatever was bothering him then.
“And you would have trusted me to hold her?” Sherlock asked, sounding genuinely shocked at the idea.
“John.” Sherlock repeated.
The next day John was off.
“Just do the work, Willa.” He urged her and pushed the worksheet back across to her.
Mycroft’s gaze narrowed. “Oh dear are you jealous of a six year old.” He tutted.
Sherlock’s eyes snapped back to John. “You were the first person in a very long time that made me… not alone.”
The only good thing the press had done was to renew public interest in Sherlock as a consulting detective.
She’d spent the night away at Mycroft’s before, the opportunity to stay at friend’s houses hadn’t come up yet, but this was different. He wasn’t at Baker Street obsessively cleaning the flat until he fell asleep and could wake to go get her. He was in a posh hotel with a gorgeous man who’d made it clear he planned to use the entire weekend for nothing particularly productive.
Wednesday Sherlock spent the day at the morgue going over all of the autopsy reports and looking at the bodies. Golden was useless and constantly flinched whenever Sherlock leaned in to take a closer look at one of the corpses.
John laughed at the knowledge that Mycroft and Sherlock had resorting to speaking a different language in order to keep his daughter in the dark. “I think you’re not meant to be telling me this.”
“The next day was the last time Mary saw Willa, at least, that we know of.” John spoke, drawing Sherlock from his thoughts. “We spent a few months in a safe house until Mycroft felt we were safe back home. My first thought was that we couldn’t go back to that house, I wanted Willa to grow up here.”
He marched back up to the car a stretcher with a body bag passed him, and he slowed down once again to take a deep breath. Surprisingly he found Mycroft leaned up against the car looking absorbed in his mobile once again, Greg knew his husband’s shams when he saw them.
He felt John’s legs shift and dug his fingers in in anticipation.
“Your life then,” Sherlock pronounced instead.
Willa shrugged.
If Sherlock was being honest he knew Willa loved going to school in a way he never had. Sherlock had been different from the start even in the posh schools he’d attended and they’d mocked him for it. The only person Sherlock had ever considered a peer as a child had been Mycroft who’s intelligence and personality had set him apart as well.
“And my brother cares why?” Sherlock huffed and let his arm drop finally.
“We’re going to be late.” John warned from where he was leaning against the counter watching them, there was a small smile touching his lips.
Sherlock looked up from where he was sniffing leftovers in the refrigerator. “The tree?”
To anyone else this might not have been a big deal, adding someone’s name onto your child’s school forms, but for them this was huge.
“Exothermic reaction?” He quizzed while painstakingly filling the cupcake liners.
He pulled back the tarp and it took every last ounce of training and desensitization to prevent himself from being sick. He quickly replaced the covering and stood, taking a moment for several deep breaths before looking around the makeshift room. All eyes were still on him.
Yet another thing he was failing at.
No sooner had Gregory fallen asleep and Mycroft had finally gotten comfortable did it seem both of their mobiles went off, almost at the same time.
“I’ve told the police. Belle came over Saturday and when I left she was asleep in our bed.” Greer protested, he sounded exhausted.
Sherlock knew John was right and John assuring him he didn’t blame him helped loosen the knot in his stomach.
Greer Fisher was nearly the same age as John but exceedingly more wealthy, which explained the twenty-three year old girlfriend. John didn’t think he looked like the type to make his girlfriend disappear but he’d long learned not to entirely trust those feelings.
Mycroft sighed and quickly traced on the square tiles on the floor with his umbrella before glancing up at Greg. “Tell us everything and I will do my best to keep you alive,” he said after turning back to look at Harry.
He nodded at John who didn’t look any more relieved. “I knew they were watching.” John said after a moment.
Mycroft sighed. “Sherlock next weekend is the weekend of the fourteenth.”
His homeless network would be defunct after all this time and that gave Sherlock a mission.
“I know but you should try, yeah?” John said choking back emotion. Sherlock’s fingers threaded with his.
~~~~~~
“Well he’ll need a name so you think on that.” John told her with a nod. Sherlock stood and walked over to him.
Greg nearly tried to stop them, only having seen two people racing up the stairs not even five minutes after they’d tried to leave. Once he saw who it was though he threw up his hands. John wasn’t sure but he might have been following them, the echo of footsteps seemed louder after they passed. He didn’t care to turn and look.
John listened to them talk while he watched his daughter hold the little boy. Aaron was falling asleep on the couch and John had an idea.
“Your bloody brother is currently chasing someone through the streets with my gun.” John growled.
Sherlock hummed like he was thinking. “I think that’ll be nice.” He agreed. “Where?”
“Didn’t want it.” Lestrade said simply. “I already don’t see my family enough. Going any higher wouldn’t make that better. I’m happy where I am.”
exist. Not his personality or being or whatever. His body is still somewhere and exists but the boy he was, the boy who played games with Willa is gone,
John felt compelled to reassure Sherlock that it wasn’t leaving him with Willa that he was having difficulty with. Sherlock appeared to understand.
Sherlock huffed. “Well, I’ve already broken the yolk. He’ll have to deal with scrambled.”
“Willa was born less than a week after you left and I think that was a blessing. She filled my days and kept me too busy to worry about you properly. I think, though, that the first sign of something wrong was that if she knew I was home Mary never did a thing for Willa. Never cuddled her or played peek-a-boo when I was around, didn’t want to feed her or give her a bath. After Willa learned to smile socially it was always aimed at me, like she knew she never really had her mother’s attentions.” John continued.
When John pulled away he smiled for real this time. “Let’s get through to Willa’s birthday and then we’ll talk.”
The mirror was broken, glass splintering up to the top with bits missing to reveal the black parts beneath. The lights in the bathroom didn’t work, nor did any of the other lights in the building, at least that she’d noticed. In the other room they were using a small generator to power the few works lamps scattered about. She’d shut the door but a faint light was still spilling in from the space beneath it and some from the street lamps, filtered through the filthy window.
“Sherlock I have work in the morning, if we’re talking you need to sit soon.” John called to him, seeing through his actions.
Sherlock appeared fifteen minutes later.
The far wall is covered entirely with corkboard, hundreds of little pin stuck along the side ready for use. Another wall sported a decent sized white board with four different colored makers resting on the ledge. The bare walls, the ones with the window and the fireplace, had been half painted deep red with the tops a soft cream color. The window curtains were thick fabric and John could tell that when pulled they would block most of the light.
John shooed her up the stairs and tried to plaster on his most innocent face.
John let his breath out through his nose. “It’s alright.” He wasn’t very good at being reassuring. “What did they look like? Anything you noticed? Birthmarks, scars? Anything.”
“John…”
“Why don’t you go down and visit with Mrs. Hudson while I get tidy up and then you can help me make dinner if you like?” He asked Willa as she drained the last of her milk.
“What? Where is he going?” Greer cried and both he and John chased after him.
Sherlock looked almost intrigued at that bit of information. “You don’t have allergies.” He commented coming into the room.
“Willa’s allergic, learned that her first Christmas. Luckily I realized it at the tree lot rather than after I paid. She’s miserable in the spring.” John explained with a small smile.
“Piss off.” The man spat.
Sherlock was examining a photo of Willa on the mantel when John reappeared. Sherlock made no acknowledgement of him and he could feel John’s eyes on him.
“There’s my favorite girl!” Harry called and darted at Willa as she realized she had passed John’s inspection.
He also knew John would never agree to it. John wanted her to have peer interactions, to learn how to mingle with those of different intelligence levels without being arrogant.
“Oh,” was all Mycroft said though he looked paler suddenly.
“Yes, and who sent the gift?” John asked crossing his arms over his chest.
Sherlock left her to her own devises and settled onto the couch with John’s laptop. Lately he’d been browsing through the major crime headlines for the past six years and seeing which ones were still unsolved. He had a running list of which cases he wanted to see the files for, some of which he was certain he’d already solved. He needed to wait to get them until the flat downstairs was finished, there were a few particularly gruesome murders that Willa didn’t need to see.
Willa nodded. “Uncle Mycroft says they’re drivel.” She stumbled over the final word for a moment as if trying to recall exactly what had been said to her.
Sherlock saw John shift uncomfortably out of the corner of his eye, no doubt trying to come up with a viable reason. “Was he losing?” John asked.
Sherlock made a distressed noise at the unspoken inferences. “You’ve still not answered my question.”
“Sherlock, it looks like your memorizing it.” John said but unfolded his arms anyway.
Sherlock had always thought the pregnancy had been why John had gone back to Mary.
John growled playfully and bumped Sherlock’s shoulder with his own. He turned and looked at the living room, glad they’d cleaned in preparation. Christmas morning always seemed to resemble a bomb site so it was necessary to have a clean slate or else it would be March before John saw the rug again.
Sherlock lifted his head just enough to see the alarm clock on the nightstand. She was correct.
“Who would…” Lisa trailed off and looked to her daughter. “Marie, can you go out and wait while we talk?”
Mycroft didn’t want to admit how little he knew he’d actually given his brother so instead he opted to warn him. “She’s clever, Sherlock. This isn’t some bumbling fool we’re dealing with, this is a woman who has already successfully duped us all.”
Sherlocks eyes opened in surprise.
“Willa?” Harry asked.
Sherlock pushed aside the pillow so he could see him with one eye.
Sherlock leaned forward and pressed his face into the still dark curls around the base and inhaled. It was pure John and he nuzzled in further, cheek brushing against his cock. He turned his head after a moment and ran his tongue up the side.
Greg instantly felt guilty, he took another deep breath, “there’s… not enough to tell,” he struggled through the explanation.
“For what?” Sherlock asked, finally having had enough of being kept completely in the dark.
“We need to go.” The woman said.
Sherlock looked up at her from where he was sitting in his chair with Willa in his lap, he’d been saying something to her.
John was confused until he saw Sherlock was holding her broken arm far from her body. The cast looked like hell all of a sudden. He cursed when he realized that had been the cause of the thumping sound earlier.
“Gregory was… unable to determine,” Mycroft spoke up, an unusual amount of tenderness in his voice when he did.
She turned at her father’s voice and skipped back to them.
“I tried not to think about you.” John said in response. “In the hospital the day she was born I nearly punched a hole in the wall. After she was weighed and measured the first person I wanted to call was you. After that I thought it would just be easier not to think of you.”
For a moment, all Sherlock did was give John an odd look before he pulled out the disinfectant. He was quiet as he set to work, his talent in triage had increased over the years and he was able to stitch and bandage nearly as well as John could.
So. Much. Fluff.
Sherlock sighed. “No, you were nice to me on
John nodded. “Yes.”
need to go.”
“Can we go in?” Willa asked three minutes later, growing impatient and possibly hungry.
“It’s a gift.”
Sherlock leaned forward in the desk chair towards them. “Then what were you doing?”
“Because my birthday isn’t important.” He hadn’t celebrated a birthday since the last one spent in his parent’s house.
Willa looked up at him with narrowed eyes sensing she was being redirected. “Because I like all of these colors.”
“But you can’t be Aunt Molly’s boyfriend she’s married to Uncle Aaron, I was in their wedding.” Willa informed him.
John growled at them but kept reading.
Stalk me:
“I was thinking.” John said after Sherlock had risen, gone around to his side and gotten under the covers.
It was just after four when Sherlock got the next text from John.
This is it for this story folks!
John pushed by him. “Because I’ve been thinking and I
“Would it make you feel better if I said it was half a present to myself?”  Sherlock asked hailing a cab.
Sherlock shook his head. “I don’t think he’s mad at me. We’ve got a case and one of our leads got away. John is upset about it.” He didn’t lie to her, finding Mary
This got Mycroft to turn. “Of course he isn’t but there is a difference between knowing what one’s partner is capable of, it is another entirely to see it. You and Gregory are both white knights always wanting to take the moral high ground.”
Before anyone could say anything else John took another deep breath and continued. “I’m sure you’re aware that without it I can’t afford the school. Going full time I can probably just afford her tutor if I drop her down to once a week. It wouldn’t be ideal but the local school does have a gifted-“
John frowned. He’d taught her years ago that Santa didn’t come until everyone was tucked up in their bed. If she realized Sherlock slept on the sofa she’d be skeptical. “Alright uhm… Willa will ask questions if you sleep on the sofa so I’ll sleep in her room, you can have the bedroom.”
Suddenly there was a phone thrust under her nose. “Her? Was it her?” Sherlock asked.
The pressure of the gun in his lower back was a constant reminder that no matter how wonderful everything felt just then, it was all just smoke and mirrors.
"Hello," her voice wasn't as steady as she'd hoped.
John nodded after taking a deep breath.
"Oh just eat it," Janine snapped apparently having noticed Willa's unhappiness.
Irene sighed. “I was trying to warn you that she knows about the adoption but I think you know that now.”
ALSO 'platonic' bed sharing. I WILL GO DOWN WITH THIS TROPE.
“Oh for god sake’s, Sherlock.” John reached over and shoved the candle into the cake, it stayed this time.
Sherlock was leaning over the chair almost as soon has John had given him permission but in that fraction of a second John went through a range of feelings. Trepidation, delight, worry and anticipation being the easiest to identify. Anticipation was the most prominent.
“I’m working on it now and we’ll set up further security around the school for the time being.” Mycroft told him. “Nothing will be printed and if someone attempts to publish anything about her they will run the risk of disappearing.”
“Really?” It was Gregory this time and he sounded properly surprised.
“Sherlock.” John said when he finally released him.
He’d dreamt about Sherlock returning again. Sometimes it would be in the same ridiculous fashion he had done when returning from the dead. Other dreams John would meet him on the tarmac and Sherlock would step off the plane and walk over to John with that self-assured smirk because he’d always known John would still be there for him.
“Hold on I thought you were dead.” Lestrade said suddenly as if finally connecting her to who she was.
“Yes, adopt.” Sherlock answered, his words clipped and sharp.
Willa nodded excitedly.
Sherlock looked over to John who began chewing on his lip. “We don’t know.” John answered after a moment.
While Sherlock had stayed clear of John’s cock he didn’t feel the same compulsion for his nipples. He flicked his tongue over them relentlessly until John had thrown his head back and was arching off the mattress to chase Sherlock’s mouth with his body. When Sherlock scraped his teeth over one of the already engorged buds John hissed.
Sherlock looked on the verge of a panic attack. “John, no.”
, Sherlock took care of it already. So, you may kindly remove yourself from my life.”
Willa was still watching Sherlock from the floor. “Why’d you do that?” She ask quietly after a moment.
“No, well yes. She keeps that flat because her father would die if he knew she was living here, but we bought this together a couple months ago. It kept him happy thinking she was still living on her own…”
“My sentiments,” Mycroft agreed.
“So what your marria-“
Willa stuck her tongue out at the girl with the short dark hair, which seemed even shorter now that it was mostly dry. The girl stuck out her tongue back.
“I’m going to stay home and order the Chinese for her dinner.” John said smiling at how eager Sherlock was to pick her up.
The second they reappeared downstairs, though, he couldn’t contain his questions any longer. “John why didn’t you tell me?” He asked John’s disappearing back.
He’d gotten the idea on New Year’s Day when Willa asked John for an assortment of farm animals. She’d told him later that they’d had a goldfish once and all she wanted was another pet so when John said no to one she’d ask for a different animal.
Okay, why have I been gone for two years? Lots of reasons but in all honesty the creation and birth of this chapter has taken the entire two years. I come back to it, edit it and write a little more. I have most of this story plotted out in little blurbs inside a notebook so its really just the writing that's slowing me down.
John cast a sideways glance at Sherlock. “No.”
John nodded and hung up his coat. “Sherlock said, what happened?”
Sherlock wondered, not for the first time, if John had forgotten he was a detective. Anyone would have been able to see the worry that was written on his face the night before, even Willa had taken notice of the mood and tried to cheer John up. Since John obviously did not feel up to telling him about it there was one other option, confirmed when he showed up bright and early at Mycroft’s office and his brother tried to usher him out.
John glanced over his shoulder. “Yeah. I guess over five years now.”
John sent three more texts just after seven the next morning asking where Sherlock was. Sherlock ignored him. He intentionally spent the morning away from Baker Street. He found he was frequently wondering what Willa was doing with Molly. He lasted until three before hailing a cab.
The shell behind him wheezed.
The coffee helped distract him from the oppressive silence and the feeling of uselessness for a while but eventually, the cup was empty. No sooner had he drained the cup, though, did the feelings crawl back up into his throat. He couldn't help but think of John and Sherlock wandering London all night looking for their daughter. He loved Willa immensely but knew whatever he was feeling now, John and Sherlock were going through it tenfold. He didn't even know what he'd do if it were Addy out there missing.
John chuckled and followed her. “Just regular thank you.”
“Flour, eggs, sugar-” Willa paused trying to remember the next ingredient.
John didn’t know. He still hadn’t realized what she’d been doing all these years, how she
Life continued much the same way for the next week. John and Sherlock would sit next to the fire after Willa went to bed and would talk until John grew tired. John always woke up to Sherlock gone the next morning even though he wasn’t sure when the other man was actually leaving or where he was going. Then sometime during the day Sherlock would reappear.
John downed his drink completely. “I tried to forgive her for what she did to you. If I’m honest I think I knew that sometime after Willa was born we’d split but I wanted to try, not just for her but because of what you went through to protect us. I owed it to you to try.”
Sherlock huffed a laugh. “She doesn’t do anything halfway.”
“Right, so I’m always the last to know. Funny how that all works,” he snapped.
John was in the kitchen fiddling around with bourbon and once he’d discovered they were out of clean drinking glasses he grabbed a mug and dumped several shots into it. “Tell you what?”
“Willa’s been talking.” Sherlock said amused, it confirmed his suspicions about Willa paying attention during Mycroft’s visit.
bad parent, she could win. Nicotine poisoning is rarely fatal.” Sherlock clarified.
“He’s the ninth victim we know of so far.” Sherlock explained.
For Willa’s first Christmas John had not planned on playing around with Father Christmas. She wouldn’t remember and frankly he’d gotten her a large amount of gifts on his own. But on Christmas morning he’d walked out of the bedroom (once Sherlock’s, now his) and was greeted by the site of a pile presents stacked under the tree and a text.
Sherlock nodded. “You’ve read it?”
“What are we doing tomorrow?” Sherlock asked from the doorway of the bedroom.
Sherlock smiled. “Of course he will. I think he’ll be very surprised though.”
Mycroft’s eyes narrowed. “Surely you’ve realized not all threats were a result of my brother.”
They found everyone in the hallway just outside the morgue. Molly and Lestrade were slumped together, seated on the floor and Mycroft was leaning against the wall. No one spoke as they walked in, Sherlock and the shell that was once John following.
On the days John worked Sherlock would pick Willa up from school, it made more sense than John trying to rush through patients at the end of the day. On Monday and Friday her tutor (who Sherlock only barely managed to tolerate) would be waiting for them when they got home and on Wednesday they went to her French teacher’s house.
Realizing that he hadn’t actually moved into the building any further than the entrance Mycroft shook his head, placing the now melancholic thoughts where they belonged.
“John’s only just figured it out. Haven’t you John?” Irene called into the kitchen. “Of course I had to help him along to the notion. Have you figured it out yet Sherlock?”
~~~~~~
Much to his surprised Mycroft accepted the meeting.
During one such conversation Willa dashed between them and up the stairs, not heeding John’s calls to take off her boots. He shook his head and assumed she’d just realized she needed the toilet. When she returned though she had in her hands five bowls, his metal measuring cups, craft sticks and the box of food dyes.
John shrugged. “Might be.”
Sherlock went over and sat.
“I felt I should tell you since everyone else around us seems to think I’m asexual.”
Mycroft had been at work for a few hours when Sherlock arrived, his coffee had been refilled twice and the second batch had gone cold in his cup.
Harry’s mouth had dropped open in surprise. “A-a-adopt?” She spluttered out.
“Why not?”
Warning: Mild descriptions of light torture. No one is on the racks or anything but the geneva convention would not approve.
“Nothing planned. I might keep Willa up to see in the new year.”
He nodded and produced the tickets he’d received that afternoon.
“John?” Greg called to him as he approached. John didn’t acknowledge him. “John?” He repeated
“Roy Turner, forty-two, a disgruntled former bottling plant employee.” Mycroft said as he entered the room.
Sherlock quickly and carefully recaptured John’s wrists. “No, it’s alright. Just a cup, not yours,” he soothed.
Willa looked up. “What?”
With a sigh, realizing she was getting the silent treatment, Janine tossed the towel onto the floor. “Fine, have it your way,” she said and turned and left the room.
Just past midnight he confirmed Willa was indeed asleep and sent the text to Mycroft. Upon reaching the living room again John was confused to find more presents had appeared in the five minutes he’d been upstairs. Sherlock was standing by the table eating one of the cookies left out for Santa.
Sherlock took the opportunity to look. He’d only realized he’d licked his lips when John surged forward kissing him fiercely. Sherlock allowed it and then pulled away, holding John’s waist to keep him at a distance. John crossed his arms over his chest.
“Yeah but he’s back now and it’s rightfully his.” John said and gestured towards Sherlock. Sherlock was confused for a moment before realizing the money John was talking about was part of his trust fund.
“What an interesting name choice.” Mycroft continued over John’s silence.
“But you’ve seen him then?” John asked, one hand on top of Willa’s head as she sat at the kitchen table playing with the matryoshka dolls Mycroft had brought back for her.
John felt no sympathy, Sherlock hadn’t helped him through the worst part after all. “Partner.” He corrected. “Sherlock says boyfriend sounds childish.”
“She is not depressed, John.” He said finally looking away from the computer.
“You used to like getting away for training.” Sherlock reminded him though starting to lose interest in the topic.
“Alright. Just keep an eye on her?” John asked gesturing to the laptop.
Sherlock’s nips became softer when he traveled up his neck, respecting John’s need to go out in public in a few days. When he delved into John’s mouth it could hardly be considered a kiss. John found it best to just leave his mouth open so Sherlock could run his tongue over every last centimeter he could reach.
This was possibly the least subtle statement she had ever made in regards to his and John’s perceived relationship and this was about a woman who used to constantly ask if they needed ‘alone time’ with a wink.
Sherlock.
Sherlock pushed past John and leaned over the rail, he could just barely make out Lestrade’s head in one of the halls below.
Sherlock’s head snapped up as the whole time he hadn’t stopped staring at the hair in his hand. He instinctively clutched it to his chest and shook his head. “No.”
John nodded. “I’m fine it’s just, you don’t expect a six year old to die. At least not one you know.”
“What happened?” John asked as he came over to them on the bed.
John nodded and refilled his glass. “Alright then. What are your terms?”
John nodded. “That obvious?” He went around to Sherlock’s side to allow the doctor access to her injured arm.
John sighed heavily and laid back in bed. Once he realized Sherlock wasn’t going away he cracked an eye open. “Yes, and I got one.”
“Alright.” John said slowly. “Then what do you want to do now?”
After lunch she and Sherlock took a nap in front of the television, this time Willa was curled into Sherlock’s side. John joined them after tidying the kitchen. Curling up at the other end of the couch he fell asleep watching their chests rise and fall in sync.
John and Willa were cuddled up on John’s chair when he came out, obviously John had apologized to her. She had her head resting on John’s chest watching the television while he stroked his fingers through her hair.
John’s head snapped up and he glared. “We are in the middle of sex and you’re mocking me?”
She looked like she was about to cry again but nodded instead.
Sherlock didn’t move far but pulled his head back enough to speak. “So this is it? We’re… partners?” He asked hopefully.
That was right up until he got to the location and an uneasy sense of deja vu settle on him.
Sherlock was confused when he saw it. It was a board book with two polar bears dancing on the front cover, not something that normally sat on Willa’s shelves anymore.
“Despite my best attempts to keep myself detached your exile caused me a great deal of grief and Gregory was there to pick up the pieces.” Mycroft explained tonelessly.
~~~~~~
“How often did you have your son, Mr. Wolfe?” Sherlock asked.
She turned her head and looked at Sherlock. She held up her arms. “Sherlock.” She said.
John snickered but bumped into Sherlock. “Stop that.” He whispered
She still had her hand cradled against her after he turned on the tap.
Instead he cleared his throat and began reading. “On the night you were born, the moon smiled with such wonder that the stars peeked in to see you and the night wind whispered, ‘life will never be the same.’ Because there had never been anyone like you ever in the world…”
Dinner was never a disappointment. The spread laid out in the dining room seemed much more fitting to a party of twenty and not the eight they had. The food looked and smelled delicious, there was a little of everything and even Sherlock would have a hard time pretending to hate it all. They would certainly be going home with leftovers.
“Alerting the press is
It could have been that everyone else who knew had seen him and Sherlock dance around each other for the past eleven years. They were all too busy sighing in relief to bother to ask technical questions like ‘are you gay?’
“My brother has no access to any of his accounts currently. Two days before he left he gave the instruction that ‘The Watsons’ receive his monthly allowance instead of it sitting in an account he couldn’t touch. I assumed since you didn’t ask that you knew.”
Sherlock’s gaze narrowed at the name. “Will she be sober?” He hadn’t even thought about Harry Watson since returning to London. His long-standing dislike of the woman had been hypocritical once but now Sherlock had been clean for years and would stay clean forever for John and Willa.
The rest of the autumn passed quickly and almost normally. Willa hated homework with a passion but her marks were all above average, she made friends and got in petty feuds, and there was an entire month where she didn’t go a day without some sort of cold symptom.
“Willa sit down. You’re getting your first present a bit early.” John told her and stood in the doorway while she complied, happy to get away from Harry’s picture taking.
Once Molly left John considered interrupting them but chose instead to start dinner. Whatever was upsetting Sherlock was probably not anything Willa needed to hear them discuss.
Greg watched as Mycroft paced in front of his desk, one mobile wedged between his shoulder and ear with another being furiously pecked at in his hands.
Sherlock’s joy had come back by the time John had finished his speech, and he bobbed his head almost violently in agreement. “I’ll start researching.” He exclaimed and eagerly grabbed the laptop.
John felt a thrill at the idea. He flicked his tongue out over Sherlock’s nipple, he hissed in response back arching up towards him. John did it again and Sherlock moaned, his hands stilling right above John’s hips. John turned his attention to his other nipple and was rewarded with more moans and soft rolls of the hip.
Sherlock had absolutely no intention of letting it go right up until he heard the sound of sandals descending down the wooden stairs.
Typically, Sherlock and Irene in a room left John feeling uncomfortably aroused because he’d be the first to admit that their displays of wit ridiculously turned him on. Today though, he had no time or patience for them. He had no time to sit back and enjoy the peacocks strutting about fanning their impressive plumage of intelligence.
It wasn't just the foreign bed or the constant parade of people in her room that were keeping her awake. It was the guilt too. Gnawing away at her insides to the point she didn't know if she was nauseous from the concussion or the guilt.
Sherlock took one look at the amount of flour required for the recipe and remembered the pizza dough incident. Thinking ahead he tied back Willa’s hair and put it up under a hat, this time John would no doubt make him scrub the flour from her hair.
“What?”
“What’s wrong?” He asked after he’d climbed into the cab with her.
“I realized I was in love with you that night. When I thought you were him I felt like someone had stabbed me. Then when you were stupid enough to jump on his back I realized I would have rather died with you.” Sherlock had never planned on confessing this, it made him seem pathetic, but John got him to do hundreds of things he swore he’d never do.
“You’re the one who asked her. You assumed I would.” Sherlock told him.
~~~~~~
Sherlock stuffed his free hand into his pocket, unwilling to pull his other arm out of John’s grip he left it hanging.
Luck, or maybe not, had been on Cole’s side once again. Not a single person had spotted him as he carried the girl’s body to the river bank.
“Mr. Wolfe did you inject your son with nicotine?” Sherlock asked without warning.
“I don’t know. I’ll decide later.” Sherlock answered as he immediately hung up the phone.
~~~~~~
“Do you and Sherlock kiss?” His daughter, with her impeccable sense of timing, asked just as he’d taken in a mouthful of wine.
The comments made sense to Sherlock now. Deborah had been the name of Lestrade’s cheating wife.
“You said that the second time we met.” Sherlock said into his ear. He was nearly laying on John, his hand trapped between them.
Gregory cursed loudly as he had to push Mycroft up and get his out. Mycroft waited patiently for the barrage of foul language to subside before he answered his own.
Sherlock held him up and pulled him to his chest.
“A goat?”
Harry looked up, seemingly just as surprised that there were other people in the room too. “I don’t know.”
The bone hadn’t pierced the skin but the break was extremely obvious.
John finally looked over at Mycroft.
John sighed and shook his head. “Yeah, that’s what I’m afraid of.”
“No you don’t.” Lestrade informed him. “But I reckon you’re not going to tell me what you’re really up to. So go ahead and text him if you want.”
“Oh Christ.” He cursed and then covered his mouth and nose.
Sherlock gestured him on. “The whole day, Mr. Wolfe.”
There was a single window in the room, opposite the toilet, and Willa realized she couldn’t be seen from the other room when she stood at it. The handed was rusted and the wood and paint crumbled when she touched the sill.
It turned out to be a booking for a five-course meal, Sherlock cursed his brother’s ability to get one in at him even while doing something nice.
“I don’t really celebrate.” Sherlock said as he cleared the table.
Willa nodded. “Yes, Sherlock said if we braid my hair tonight it’ll be very wavy in the morning.”
Willa couldn’t see well, there were tears in her eyes and everything had gone blurry, but there was a sharp pain in her arm. She shrieked as something cool pressed into the spot he had stuck her.
Sherlock nodded absently and hoped that this wouldn’t get any worse.
John’s eyes widened. “Wait. We need to talk about that too.” He held up his hand.
“Jesus, Sherlock.” John moaned, fingers coming to rest in Sherlock’s hair.
“It was probably fatal long before Erik even thought to take him off the pump.” Sherlock concluded. “We need to test the pump to be sure. He wouldn’t have been buried with it.”
They had just finished the first cup of tea, generously dosed with amber liquid pulled from beneath the cupboards, when John’s phone finally went off.
It was thirteen minutes later that Dr. Golden emerged from the morgue and headed straight for Molly.
“Right as I was saying before. This is my partner Sherlock Holmes.”
John paused, half stooped over, trying to dump out a bowl of colored snow. “Yes?”
“Mycroft has nothing.” Sherlock admitted and John’s shoulders immediately dropped and he tilted his head up towards the sky. He was desperately blinking away tears.
He hadn’t wanted to do it. He really had tried to talk sense into Janine, telling her that killing the girl was one thing but desecrating the corpse was somehow worse. It was disgusting. But Janine, so unfailing in her loyalty to Angie, had never once questioned her judgment. She spoke about her the way Catholics spoke of the Virgin Mary.
John growled.
John turned to Sherlock the anger draining from his face, leaving him distressingly blank, “fine.”
He was halfway out the door of Willa’s room after they both tucked her in when she called out. “Goodnight daddy, goodnight papa.”
Willa made a disgruntled noise. “I would be.”
Molly had laid Teddy in the pram and was rocking him in it, talking quietly to Aaron.
“Is everything alright?” Sherlock asked, he was watching her in that way that made her feel entirely transparent.
They didn’t question when John pulled the boys medical chart from the wall and began looking through it.
It wasn’t just the tone of Lestrade’s words but from the way he just suddenly seemed to drain of color that kept Sherlock where he stood. His mind went in every direction at once until he realized Lestrade had tried to save them the pain of possibly identifying their daughter but had been unable to.
John looked at him properly for the first time since reentering the room. “Maybe I’m not ready. We all need to adjust to you coming back. I may not be angry like last time but this is still something I’m not used to yet.”
As they walked along the inner circle Willa ran ahead of them, used to the freedom here. John let her go as long as they could see the puff on the top of her hat bobbing in the distance. As they turned and took the path towards the boating lake Sherlock saw a man he’d seen earlier when exiting Baker Street.
They chatted for another ten minutes before Willa hung up to go play something with Addison.
“You were in mourning.” Molly said softly but the way Sherlock’s face broke and he turned away John knew he’d heard the comment.
“What about not wanting your gun around Willa? It’s practically become a part of you.” Sherlock continued, not caring how irritated he made John now. Worst case scenario was he would get angry and ask Sherlock to stay home, not exactly the worst thing in the world.
London) and plotted exactly how he’d sneak past his brother and back home. He hadn’t seen London for two years at that point and this imposter weighed heavily on his mind.
“Exactly. So why would the boy’s blood sugar levels continue rising even though he was getting the insulin he needed? How would he have gotten nicotine poisoning?”
“Do you think I’ll ever have a baby brother or sister?” Willa asked wistfully.
“Correct.”
John woke to someone looking down at him from his side of the bed. He nearly swung out at the person until he realized it was Sherlock.
The third jug of petrol was emptied all over the floor, some of it splashed onto the walls, of the room. Once it was finished, only then did Janine half pull Willa down the stairs. They only stopped right before a door, Willa could hear the sounds of a street on the other side. Janine let go of her hand for a second and leaned down so she was looking right into Willa's eyes.
“Ours?” John guessed.
John muffled a laugh behind his hand at Sherlock’s look. John was beginning to suspect Willa knew which works drove him mad and sometimes chose them on purpose. Sherlock tried to hard not to show his feelings about them but they were always abundantly clear.
Sherlock left shortly after that to go look around the girl’s flat. John stayed home with Willa who, after some medicine, seemed alright.
“No. Stop.” John warned raising a hand. “Don’t you start this with me. Not right now.
Harry came at nearly five thirty.
This chapter was a beast.
John shoved open the door and stormed back to his boring little house on the quaint little street. He bypassed Mary and jogged up the stairs to where Willa was napping. Not caring one bit if he woke her, John scooped her out of the crib.
“We could bring her.” Sherlock offered looking down at Willa who was watching them closely.
Breakfast had been lovely, not a bit of shell in the eggs John had gotten, and Willa had only managed to burn the toast slightly
The note simply read.
“Yes.”
John shook his head. “Not really but…” He trailed off.
when he felt her hummingbird heart slamming against his hands as he tried to hold her still. He hadn’t meant to shout but she wasn’t listening to either of them. John either hadn’t noticed or didn’t care, it was what finally caught her attention after all.
John kissed him fiercely. Biting and licking his way into Sherlock’s mouth, fingers still wound in his hair.
Mycroft sighed, only a little, “her hair, how much of it was cut. I have to let my people know too.”
It took John a bit to realize Sherlock was referring to 221C as his ‘work area’ instead of his new flat. This made him happier than he should have been with the man who just purchased a cat for Willa’s birthday without John’s permission.
Sherlock leaned down and nipped at his neck, John nearly dropped the kettle. “John.”
“She was drugged.” John said breathlessly. A broken noise escaped his throat, he stood so quickly and ran by Greg that he nearly toppled him to the ground.
“Good.” John nodded, hands now rubbing idle circles along Sherlock’s forearms. Sherlock closed his eyes against the sensation of John’s hands on his body.  “That’s good.” John repeated
Sherlock digested this explanation for a moment and then nodded. “Did you love me then?”
John cringed and moved faster. Willa had never woken Sherlock before. John had always been the one to do it given his reactions the first few times he’d done it. John had just never been willing to risk Sherlock accidently hurting her. She wouldn’t have understood.
“So.” Sherlock urged. “What happened?”
Hadeon laughed until John dug his thumb in where the bone had split. “You really don’t know do you?” He gritted out.
John shrugged. “I know I would have appreciated something like that when Willa was born.”
sidfhsncsdkf;owejfsdflkksv
Hadeon grinned as best he could with the broken nose and abused jaw. “No one.”
Sherlock sighed, loudly and turned. “Don’t play coy, Mycroft, that is the last thing you should ever do. I can see the indents in your fingers, they were there when we met in Russia. You’ve removed a wedding ring.”
his fingers.
“Is it alright if I sit here?” A woman asked startling him.
Willa wondered if they were looking for her, neither Cole nor Janine seemed concerned though.
“Night, daddy.” She yawned at him.
“We believe she’s active again.” Mycroft spoke.
John shrugged as if to say
John did not cry. His eyes might have burned and he may have been rapidly blinking but he did not cry as he hugged his daughter and sent her off into her classroom.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock glared at him full of defiance. “You have no allergies, I have no allergies, Willa’s last tests show no pet allergies and I’ve asked Mrs. Hudson already.”
John isn’t sure how much of these safety precautions had been put in by Mycroft and how many by Sherlock but he’s glad for them.
Sherlock laughed. The fact that he had no desire to correct John’s assertions about alcohol and warmth might have attested to his own level of sobriety. “You don’t drink like this anymore.”
Sherlock slowly untangled himself from Willa and rolled onto his back. “I was bored.”
Cole Barnes had been born and raised in Hoback, Wyoming. A tiny scrap of nothing in an even more vast state of nothingness.
Sherlock stood off to the side when she came back out with her camera. He was impressed at the high ended digital she possessed.
John let the dig about his writing slide and picked his book back up. He didn’t get any farther in reading it, finding himself oddly touched by Sherlock’s gesture of creating them a joint blog.
John caught her and then lifted her up to hug her tightly. She clung to him for a second before twisting away and half climbing out of his arms into Sherlock’s.
Now John was in Wales and Sherlock was truly on his own to do this. He had to do it right or else John’s anxiety would never allow him to leave Willa again. That wasn’t a viable option.
When his contract had come up four years later Cole had thought nothing of signing on for another four years. That decision had changed his life in ways he couldn’t have even imagined.
“That’s true, Sherlock.” John said saving him from having to agree.
Harry Watson was a lot of things. A drunk, a cheater, and a quitter (though perhaps not where it counted) but being unobservant wasn’t one of the things she was known for.
Instantly all of Willa’s high strung energy evaporated, suddenly calm as Molly moved her arms to a better position.
“Willa this way.” He called over his shoulder.
At one he went into the bedroom to wake John and Willa, still unsure as to whether he wanted to go or not. Willa was laying half on John’s chest stretching out across the bed and John had a hand buried in her hair. Sherlock took a photo before gently shaking John’s free hand.
“DCI Gregory Lestrade.” The man answered and curtly shook her hand.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tears were stinging her eyes once again as she remembered their beach trip. Daddy's eyes had crinkled up as he laughed when she'd puff out her cheeks really big before spitting. Papa had talked about taking them all on holiday again so he could do those things with them.
