I retreated a step and scrutinised the carton.  One of the seams was beginning to split and there were dried water stains half-way up two sides.  “So, you go through rubbish even when it isn’t for a case.”
I was very glad I had not given into the other temptation and drawn him bending down to pick up that sheet.  It had been before my mind’s eye frequently enough, especially if Sherlock happened to be coming out of or going into his bedroom or bending down for any reason, anywhere, which happens quite a lot.  Yeah, that image was on my mind quite a lot.  A full figure drawing.  Full.  It was in front of my eyes again.
A faint crackling reached my ears.
I circled round to Sherlock’s other side and found Roderick’s inscription in the process.  I raised the crêpe and saw his father’s name and dates above his.  “He was fifteen when his father died,” I remarked.  “Thirty when he did.  His father made it to seventy though.  Something of an achievement for their line, it would appear.”
The flames were licking at the fire bricks, shooting up the flue.  They framed the face in the red hood.
Possibly, I don’t want to know.
I’m not that little.
“They are complicated designs.”  He slipped a finger between my buttocks, lingering here and there, pressing softly.
I turned to Sherlock.  Dismissed everything else in the room.  His head and shoulders were bowed.  His hands had dropped to his thighs.
I drew back from the box.
There was a sigh through the trees.
“We’ll have to postpone the grand tour until tomorrow, just his rooms will do for tonight,” Sherlock interrupted from the doorway.  “John, I may have to go off with Lestrade to see whatever crime has stymied the combined intellect of New Scotland Yard this time.   Hopefully, whatever it is will be worth the interruption and won’t take too long.”
He blinked.
“And when was that place built?”
I caught up to him at the edge of a pond, looked left and right at the shimmering expanse of water.
“Dance with me,” Sherlock said, taking the flask from me and sipping from it before tucking it away.
Sherlock’s warmth disappeared.  There was a whirr of wings, many small wings.  Moths or butterflies, John could not tell from their touch as they settled upon him.
“You make each shot count,” he replied.  “And you still have the gun.”
“Ah,” Sherlock replied and I heard the smile in his voice.  “Mother has sent the Lights.  I thought she might.  A gift for your first Fire.”
“Yes,” Sherlock replied.
I watched the stone steps surrounding the lift slide past and stopped breathing as the flags of the basement corridor came into view.  The lift stopped noiselessly and with only the very faintest of bumps.  The surface of my potion barely rippled.  I hugged the pot close, nudged the lever upright and stepped cautiously into the corridor.
It is, with small gestures like this, that we nurture one another in our mutual convalescence of body and mind.  We are neither of us whole, no matter what brave faces we may put on it.
“You want my help,” Sherlock stated.
His serpent uncoiled from around his neck and spiralled down his arm.  Sherlock’s gaze dropped from my eyes to my mouth.
I played for a good while longer, the melody becoming smooth and supple beneath my fingers.  I didn't wait for Sherlock though and set my harp aside to go to bed while it was still dark.
I reached out for the bow, held it carefully in both my hands and set it in its niche in the violin case atop the piano.
Sherlock’s tongue flicked and stroked.  I clutched his arm.  “Shouldn’t we be practicing dancing?”
“Play it a couple more times,” Sherlock said.
"Anymore," he added silently.
I held out my hand with my keys, coins and phone in it.
“You couldn’t know that from a few minutes’ conversation,” I countered.
Cock One was clapping.
"But how did he get in?"
“Shall we sit down, sir?  It’ll be easier to eat.”
window was open wide to let Summer’s breezes warm the room and the reverse of stained glass is so obscure and dull.
My eyebrows were still up when she turned from her packing and looked at me.
John rested his hand on the side of the open door.  “Same here.”
Sherlock glided over to his seat, and John arranged himself by the desk with notebook and pencil to hand.
I was shaking.
"Certainly, Detective Inspector," Sherlock said, humming and gathering form as he walked forward.
John leaned forward, elbow on the sofa’s armrest.  “At first, I chalked it up to your relief at having a diversion from the dearth of Met cases, but it’s gone well beyond that.  I’ve never seen you so…so empathetic…”  John held up a hand.  “You know I know how genuinely considerate you can be to those you feel have earned it, but that’s just it, you were considerate of Madeleine Swann from the minute you laid eyes on her and it hasn’t abated.”  John pursed his lips.  “More than fancied.  Like an old flame that circumstances took from you, and whose loss you still feel.”  John sat back again, propped his head up on his hand and contemplated Sherlock.  “Yeah, more like that.”
Now I was astonished, but Greg had watched me marry someone I shouldn’t have and listened to Sherlock bare his heart to everyone there.  It was fitting that he should be a witness to this.
“How…”
John and Sherlock skirted the folks standing perfectly still and holding out apples whilst green feathered birds perched on their arms and their heads and swarms of pigeons milled about their feet alert to any morsels that dropped.
With my dagger, I severed the leather thong about my neck, grasped the handle of the moon blade and cut an oval of flesh away from Sherlock’s shoulder with it.  I flicked it onto the ground and inspected my excision.  It remained white and bloodless for longer than it ought and when the blood finally welled up, it was thick and far too dark.
"Yes," he said.  "Now I know.  Yes."
I stood.
“Are the rest of John’s clothes ready?”
He wet his lower lip, left the tip of his tongue there.  The butterfly stung it repeatedly, close together.  Sensation darted from each piercing, one not subsiding before the next one began, down his throat, along his cheeks into his ears and on into his brain.
Raising a hand, I rested it on his shoulder and rose on the tips of my toes.  It seemed to bring me higher than usual; his lips were almost in reach.
He smiled.  “Well, you were nearer the eastern corner, so the perspective wasn’t advantageous…”  He plucked the end of a rose cane that had snagged the sleeve of his shirt and ran its thorns along his forefinger.  Dark drops of blood bloomed on his skin.  He wiped them onto the bark and the cane curled away.
“So how long do farewells take?” I asked.
His dragon fluttered off his shoulder to join his mate at the dish.
“Yes, there’s some very territorial swan over there this year.  Usually, the birds just swim away when we’re walking round the Pond, but not that one.  He got right out of the water, hissing and flapping his wings.  A very big bird.  It could have hurt Sirocco, if he hadn’t been smart enough to scarper off.”
“Some of them, yes,” she said.  “This one was a good present though.  I wish I could see it live.”
The hallway was quiet, Mrs Hudson’s door dark.
His motions were beautiful to watch.  There was training there.  A martial art?  I thought I recognised the kind of assurance that comes with deadly knowledge.
“Maybe.”
“Pleased to have met you, Doctor Watson.”
Sherlock grabbed me by the arm.
“It’s a pleasure, Miss Turner,” I said and she was a pleasure to look at.  Her hair piled high in intricate braids was so fair it seemed silvery in the waning light.  Her eyes were also pale, the colour of spring leaves and they were wide as they regarded me.
He switched on the lights and the kettle, put the tin on the sideboard in the corner by the right rear window and gazed around his flat.  In truth, it was another bedsit since there was just the one room with a miniature bathroom off of it, but it was a very large room, the folding doors that must have once divided it having disappeared long ago, and nearly every inch of its wall space, much of the ceiling and part of the floor had been embellished by the many art students who had called it home over the years.  Eccentric was the mildest word he could use to describe it.
Central London is out of the question on his army pension plus housing allowance, but he gets a flat in East Ham — a one-bedroom, miraculously, and newly renovated, for a certain value of “renovated.” The kitchen counters are beige laminate. The floor has been redone in gleaming fake-wood laminate. The shower is fiberglass molded to look like tile. The walls are white. John buys a bed and a kitchen table at Ikea. The table comes with four chairs, which is ridiculous because John is never going to have three people over for supper. Or, probably, anyone over for breakfast.
The Home Secretary forestalled him. “Useful measures — up to a point. But resources are limited even in a police state. Additionally, the nearer we approach the quality of a police state, the more likely we are to see precisely the social breakdown against which Mr. Holmes is warning us.”
," which would have a huge sunlit room in my Mind Palace, if of course I
Night fell away and John’s fever dropped. Under his pillow when he woke lay a single curved black whisker, so fine he might easily have brushed it onto the dirty floor without noticing, yet so sharp-tipped it drew a prick of blood from his finger. He tucked it into the envelope with the feather, and hid all away in his rucksack again.
Sherlock opened his eyes. He laid his palm against John Watson’s cheek and kissed him into the morning.
“Think of my life when I met him, then. What do you imagine the days of a lady’s maid are like? They are all ‘Yes, ma’am,’ ‘No, ma’am,’ ‘Right away, ma’am.’ ‘That dress looks most fetching on you, ma’am.’ Days — weeks — sometimes months — went by when no one asked my real opinion of anything, or noticed when my feet were sore, or drew my attention to a picture or a flower that might please me.”
Mycroft gave him a thin smile. “I promise you that in private conversation he already has.” A short silence. “In private conversation
“Two. His irredentism we have already seen him act on in Crimea.
, accents Estuary, Brixton, Oxbridge, more Estuary —
“I’m sorry. I can’t feel any trace of him.”
Or “Spiritual and Practical” struck them as sensibly down to earth, or — this, none of them cared to admit — the triple-barreled initials of the eponymous counselor’s name struck them as posh,
What could “far” mean when life was contained within the space of a storefront and the flat above? The pavement outside W. S. S. Holmes, Practical and Spiritual Counseling, could have been a hundred miles away; Lincoln’s Inn Fields, on the moon. Remote and more remote yet, Giltspur Street and the mortuary at Barts: they might as well not be.
The edge of the sink was so cool against his forehead. That helped. But then the toilet. Sherlock hated to puke into a toilet; having his face so near the bowl only made the nausea worse.
The new guards’ suits, identical to those of the previous pair — so whoever had had Sherlock kidnapped liked his henchmen in uniform — were reasonably good, if not bespoke, but a touch flashy: the blue a shade too light, the fabric a glimmer too shiny. Conclusion: someone showy, dramatic, and fussy about detail was in charge of a prospering but not (not yet?) top-line criminal organization; additional conclusion: the man who had supervised Sherlock’s removal from the flat where he’d shot up was said drama-loving leader of a criminal organization; additional conclusion: said drama-loving leader of a criminal organization not only wished to make use of Sherlock’s skills but also took a personal interest in him. This last was troubling.
— Sherlock is visibly gritting his teeth now — “while the magic here isn’t much to speak of, the quality of that sculpture is. It’s the sculptor you want. Look.” He holds his phone up to Lestrade and John; the display shows a daguerreotype of a human face, but — no, it isn’t a human face, it’s the face of an animate, and John feels himself shrink away from it. Lestrade, too, flinches minutely.
33–34: “Though Basingstoke was a scholar, he had not neglected to strengthen his body along with his mind. At my curt command, he now removed his clothing — every inch — and then turned slowly, for inspection, raising his arms and clasping his hands behind his neck, the better to reveal his flesh to my appraising eye and hand. His plump hindquarters seemed to invite such rough caresses as would leave them heated and red; his lips had parted involuntarily, as if to receive my stiff prick. I took hold of his member and stroked it, pinching up the foreskin and tickling the slit, whence drops of pearl had already begun to escape.
Sherlock says, “ — why was mine — ”
“Disability benefit is not munificent, John.”
Earlier in the month, I had been preparing a composition of my own, but had set it aside in favor of a more urgent project, the close examination of some specimens of mica obtained in the Scottish Highlands. I now resumed my work on the Nocturne.
The upstairs room that had been John’s is his and Rosie’s now; it has been repapered in blue stripes and furnished out of John’s flat, except that when it came to moving the bed he had slept in with Mary and then, as a widower, alone, John had found himself on the phone with a charity shop. It’s a good bed and someone will get years of use from it, but that person is not John; he sees it off into the shop’s pickup van without allowing his thoughts to form themselves into words. If he did think the words, they would go something like this: He loved Mary, in spite of everything; their bed doesn’t belong in the flat he will share again with Sherlock. As the words are not to be thought, so the reasons are not to be examined.
Her talents and skills proved indispensable on many occasions — most notably in the case I have related under the rubric of “The Shrunken Wedding Gown,” where she gathered valuable intelligence while en travesti as Jocko the telegraph boy. And as I have recorded in “The Affair of the Drunken Valet,” it was she who found the vials that enabled us to prove the complicity of the barrister’s envious brother.
“Five. Russia perceives NATO not as a defensive organization but as a positive threat: indeed, it is largely on account of NATO’s expansion eastward that Putin and his Foreign Ministry wish so urgently to reinstate Russia’s buffer zone.
“Yes, John — please!” he cried; and I laid myself down on him, kissing him, while we rutted together, slippery with our sweat and our early salt spill; the crisis bore down on me and swept me up with such speed as a man of middle years imagines he will never again experience. When I had come to my senses I moved so that I was partly on the sheets —
“Looking for this?” Jim said, and dropped it on the table in front of Sherlock. He was quick, so quick; when had he got to the tubing?
The moon had passed the full, and Sherlock was —
With his free hand he drew aside the covers.
He set down the needle and went to look out the windows again. Columns of torchlight, now and then catching a face, an arm, a torso, marked a few places where people talked in agitated groups, or made their way to some destination where arrival couldn’t be postponed. Otherwise there was only darkness, whose border was out of view.
Sherlock does turn now, to frown at him. “You’ve just spent thirty-nine seconds belatedly attending to the evidence that I do. Obviously, if you are disinclined to return on a permanent basis, you’re welcome to store whatever you like. That’s not in question.”
bag, soonest.
But. Before Sherlock embarked on his line of patter, there had been a moment: Sherlock’s eyes widening, his lips pressed briefly together, a glance down. Regret and anxiety. It had touched John, that Sherlock should feel his irritation so keenly.
Absolutely nothing happens. “Christ,” he says.
Sherlock wanted to say he didn’t know, but suddenly he felt certain that Jim would see through that lie even if he had missed all the others. “You note it with smugness, you mean,” John had said, something curling warm in his tone. Abruptly it became clear where Jim was headed. “Yes,” Sherlock admitted. Another cramp, this one well blended with dread.
?” — superimposed, naturally, on a photograph of the animate’s contorted face. The Director of Public Prosecutions holds a press conference at which she announces that what she calls the “shocking event” will be treated as a homicide. The same day’s evening newscasts lead with video of the sculptor Andreas Coburne turning himself in.
It was no longer the custom for men to go about arm in arm, and I sadly regretted the change. But those who have been intimate friends for many years are well versed in each other’s speaking looks; the one I gave Holmes now made him scoff, but smilingly, and say: “I’m being practical. There’s no one among the Irregulars just now with entrée to that world.”
“Your name’s not actually Will Vernet,” John Watson said.”That’s a deduction
“It’s only — In Newgate, you see, I made a friend. A friend to me the way Dr. Watson is a friend to you, Mr. Holmes, and turnabout. And we’ve got to keep ourselves, somehow, Janie and I — but she’s not well, and besides, what work can either of us get, being convicts? I was a lady’s maid when Adelbert Gruner seduced me, but I’ll never get a post again, and even if I could — I want a home life! I want what you have. Not half a life, at some fine lady’s beck and call.”
When he woke up, it was already noon, and the power was back on. He was very tired. He took a cup of coffee downstairs with him when he opened the shop.
Sherlock’s voice was just more than a whisper, so John could imagine he had not heard.
But no matter how he struggled, sleep always came for him before the dawn; in the morning, Sherlock was always gone. And every night he seemed less substantial than the night before.
“That’s exactly where I was going with that thought! How’d you guess?”
Wiggins appeared in mid-morning and, having handed me a copy of
“Oh,” Sherlock said. He set aside for later consideration the surprise he felt, in favor of taking inventory of old injection sites. He had never used his legs much anyway and the skin had healed well. “Yes, all right.”
The prints Sherlock studied now were bigger and crisper than the images he’d seen before, of course, but the extraordinary thing about them wasn’t their high technical quality, it was this: the photographer, who was also responsible for the objects depicted, might have cropped the pictures, or chosen her angle to show their subjects to maximum effect, but they had not been retouched and the objects really did exist.
, who is ... well, go look, and be amazed.
which was an imprimatur, wasn’t it? They had so many reasons to look in; once they looked in, of course, Sherlock had every reason to induce them to stay.
“ ‘Yes, James,” he replied, chastened. ‘You know that I strive always to obey you.’
When Sherlock looked behind himself again, Jim was gone. Sherlock watched the police for a little longer, but the crowd had already begun to thin some minutes ago, when the van bearing Niall’s corpse pulled away; soon lingering would make him conspicuous, so he walked home again.
Sherlock could listen through memory year by year, and year by year the sound of voices faded. As far back as he could remember, there had been the sounds of pages turning. Later there came keyboard clicks; clumsy music, careful music, soaring music; glass rod ringing in a beaker as Sherlock stirred; the hum of a fume hood. But fewer and fewer voices. Sometimes all Sherlock said on any given day was “How much?” and all he heard was a number.
The mites-or-ants sensation was really very annoying now; he had made a little hole in the skin just to the left of his sternum and blood was smeared on the T-shirt they had dressed him in. Perhaps the guards would have something to top up with, if he could get to their pockets, but it wasn’t easy to work out how to do that: they would surely regard any approach as a threat, there were two of them, probably armed, and what with the boredom and restlessness he wasn’t at his best. For the dozenth time, he wiped his nose on his sleeve, got up, paced the room. The guards continued to ignore him.
“I don’t work for anyone.”
— Mother Theresa”
and the
Coburne refuses legal counsel. He refuses to discuss his motives. He pleads guilty to casting Animatio and to manslaughter — it is felt that a charge of murder will not stick — and otherwise keeps silence until finally, pressed by the judge at sentencing, he makes this statement:
The law could deal with Smith, that was the thing. There would have been a way. Evidence. There could have been surveillance on patients in Smith’s hospital. Mycroft could have arranged that.
The key to solving the problem of Beakley, Sherlock considers, is that Beakley had fresh food and fresh water, and his cage was in the sun. The tired mother and her five children are not unfeeling, but she is too stretched by her other duties to give Beakley much time or thought, whereas the children are, well, children. Not as idiotic as adults in some ways, but it will not have occurred to any of them to wonder whether what
“Feeling venturous? Best come quick, in that case,” and the stranger seized John’s hand, and ran.
for him, aren’t you?”
This was unfortunate.
? Isn’t there a question you should be asking right about now?”
“I’ll miss you, Beakley,” says the middle child.
The director and the family approach the smaller aviary, the one for new arrivals. There is only one other bird inside it now, and she watches alertly, murmuring, as the people come near. The director slides open the aviary door as the tired mother unlatches Beakley’s cage and reaches in to take him on her finger.
Eventually lying down in the dark seemed as if it might be an improvement over standing at the window in the dark, so Sherlock did.
“He’ll be happy, right?” says the second-youngest.
“ – neither of which constitutes a suitable habitat for the species you’re describing,” she informs Sherlock, regretfully. Sherlock caught a malicious online prankster who had chosen Dr. Wiesner, quite at random, to be provided with a new identity as a heroin trafficker, so she would want to help even if she did not feel sorry for the little bird. As she does.
“Sherlock, why are we standing behind an array of potted palms and watching an aviary?” Sherlock doesn’t often do things that make John sad but today is an exception. The lovebirds calling out, flying, playing with their toys, and grooming one another all remind him of Beakley, of course. Maybe Sherlock thought the sight of so many happy birds would somehow outweigh John’s memory of one who was sad. However, this still doesn’t explain why Sherlock has concealed himself and John behind the potted palms.
don’t want to puke in here, Will.” This voice belonged to the thing that had looked at him out of Jim’s eyes when Sherlock suggested that they weren’t friends; all at once Sherlock understood that it was not one of Jim’s henchmen who had killed Niall, but Jim himself, for the pleasure of it. He wondered, through the nausea, just how long Jim might have been about that work. He found the door to the staircase and stumbled up it to the flat. His works and the last of Niall’s dope were in the breast pocket of his jacket, along with his wallet; he fumbled them out and stripped off his jacket before fetching the bowl, the water, and a syringe from the supplies in the kitchen. Somewhere he had lost the length of tubing he used to tie off his arm.
More and more often the front door chimed. The clients thought, as they told Sherlock when they stepped through,
Sherlock, who had assumed warm-gazed attentiveness, hands prayerful, one forefinger tapping his lip, offered a sympathetic tsk.
It is not every invert who owes any portion of his domestic felicity to an item in
“She’s aware that you’re aware that she’s shagging you for money, of course, but while one can’t call her attachment to you heartfelt, she does her job honestly. You noticed that she didn’t pout or linger when you dismissed her? She thinks of you as her employer and she is exactly as sentimental as any other well-paid temporary member of staff.
“Double suicide?”
At eleven an alarm went off in case he had fallen asleep. This gave him enough time to rouse himself and shower before opening W. S. S. Holmes, Practical and Spiritual Counseling, at noon. On Tuesdays and Fridays at precisely eleven-ten, he accepted delivery of groceries and other supplies. He was available to clients until four p.m. Also, between noon and four on Wednesdays, one of Jim’s minions cleaned the flat and laundered his clothes or took them to the cleaners. At four p.m. Sherlock closed up for an hour “to keep you fresh for the evening crowd,” Jim said. At five he reopened the shop and kept it open till ten; on Friday and Saturday evenings, eleven. After closing up, he fixed.
have been spending so much money all this time on a
“Is that what I’m doing? I guess it is. Name’s still John, though.”
Now John Watson could see the riders in the distance, coming faster and faster, the dust rising up around their horses’ hooves that never touched the ground. The raven seemed to hesitate in the air just ahead of John, and in that instant he saw the lead rider raise his bow. The horn sounded. The rider’s arrow struck its mark; the raven dropped to the bare road. Soon the red-eyed hounds would be on her.
“My father beat my mother.”
Willis went loose at the knees and would have staggered, but O’Malley and Bewick held him firmly by the upper arms. “In my flat,” Willis said. “Taped to the pipe under the kitchen sink. There's a locker key for a health club in Marylebone. There's a phone in the locker, it's got one contact in it, his name's Jenkins, I was working for him. He's the one you want, I’m just his errand boy, I'm nobody, please, just check the phone . . .”
Needle in, needle through, needle up and out, tie.
“Dammit,” Mycroft said to his empty office. A second brain was needed, one like his own, and no such brain was available or ever would be. But with that thought the embers of old anger were brightening again, so he turned his attention to the satellite data on troop movements in eastern Ukraine, and set the remembrance of Sherlock aside.
“What a fool that girl was! I told her I didn’t give a damn for her — I didn’t then, and I don’t now; but if it hadn’t been for her foolishness Adelbert would be adding pages yet today.” She picked up the album and leafed through it, frowning. “What do you mean to do with it?”
Holmes had leaned forward in his chair, resting his chin on his steepled hands, the better to contemplate our visitor; now he straightened again. “I congratulate you on your release, Miss Winter. But I don’t think you have a case for me, do you?”
“ — to . . . well, to producing works of the imagination.”
Sometimes he wonders why Sherlock calls Rosie “Watson”; he could have thought it a way of shutting Mary out, but that Sherlock had gone to such bitter lengths to save her. Everyone else, her father included, calls Rosamund Rosie. “Watson” is oddly dignified and a little strange and might express a hope of Sherlock’s that this child will grow up likewise, which John can’t argue with, much. His own hopes for a hypothetical daughter had once involved — he can hardly believe this himself, sometimes — matching mother-daughter dresses; ballet lessons; a big wedding. The first was absurd even before Mary died and the third he now understands as laughably unimportant. The second is a possibility, though, if she turns out to love dance as much as her godfather does.
describing what I'll offer. And please do check out the FAQ and auction page, linked on that post -- many awesome fanwork creators are in!
He buys a couch at Oxfam and it is the thing he likes best in the flat, because it’s squashy and has a small stain on one arm that brought down the price and that also reminds him of people sitting on a couch eating and perhaps waving their arms about, communicatively, while watching telly. Not any particular people; just, people.
after all.
John turned from end of day to beginning of day, beginning of day to end of day, the days a series of cages, each cage like the one before it; he lay in his narrow bed waiting for sleep, hoping to dream, looking up at the ceiling or out his one window, through which he could sometimes see the moon.
Two-centimeter circle, pink-white, next the nipple on the right chest: London.
“I was fixing just when the lights went out,” Sherlock said. “Wound up losing the whole dose.” He was leaning some of his weight against the doorjamb; he thought his face was probably gray. His upper lip was wet but he resisted the urge to wipe it.
Down the wild road, a fox, eyes moon-reflecting white with terror —
John tries to hear puzzlement, hurt, even a question in his tone; can’t. “Well, no use to you on cases, am I?” he replies. “Me with no magic. Figured I might as well get gone.”
) was rolled tightly and fastened within the “o” of the word “rod” within the legend on the model’s base.
Well, that was enough of observing; time to begin the approach. Will Holmes took a turn around the room. It wouldn’t do to rush, and besides it was . . . an odd feeling to be among so many people all at once. Sherlock had got used again, mostly, to walking outdoors, selves and eyes everywhere, yes, but passing quickly and then gone; he was walking miles upon miles these days, between fixes, getting himself back into condition.
. “Was all that your interrogation technique then? Meant to soften me up?”
a Mind Palace. Glenmore graciously gave me permission to crib from her. Thank you, my friend!
A thought drifted into language and blew apart again, forgotten as soon as formed:
Sherlock says, “But, but, but — ”
before he left. Sherlock barely heard it. He had his cotton, his candle, his tourniquet, and his spoon all ready, so there was no delay.
John thinks. Maybe he’ll bin the extra chairs.
Weeks passed. John made himself stop going to watch the carriages; when a door or an alleyway seemed to promise secrets, he forced himself to turn away. He told himself he must not be disappointed. He had had a marvelous adventure — several extraordinary dreams, and the gift of the black-bladed feather knife, the most dangerous and beautiful thing he had ever owned. His limp hadn’t returned. As for the
Sherlock’s face is empty but for the hint of a sneer — at him or at the thought of the animate as “she,” John can’t tell. Both, perhaps. “It’ll go to the morgue, obviously. Molly will want to test the blood least contaminated by these surroundings, and that’s the blood on the animate itself.”
“Well,” Sherlock said, not wanting to hear whatever came next. He slid down from the exam table and pulled his trousers off the back of the chair where he had hung them. Only as he was putting them on did he remember the rip the bicycle had made: it ran most of the way down the left thigh.
Jim had not been wrong to say that the work suited his talents well. Sherlock made a game for himself, of drawing the clients in without actually lying. This was child's play when the subject of the inquiry was unavailable for comment.
Sherlock was made of flesh like any man: he bit his lips and breathed hard through his nose as John took stitch on stitch. Afterward John tidied up, fearing to look away in case Sherlock should vanish again, but Sherlock remained. John said, hesitantly, “Fresh bedding”; Sherlock shifted over to show him the ticking and blanket, clean.
“Then stay for a while,” John said.
Not yet.
” she said.
The Lycra Lout seemed to try to speak and then to think better of speaking.
Beakley stays perched on the mother’s finger at first. His head turns right, and left, and up, and right and left again. He catches sight of the other lovebird. His wings open. The muscles are weak, because he has had almost no opportunity to fly in years, but he bats them as hard as he can, and then he bats them harder.
” he said. “Haven’t you someone else to disturb?” He tried to turn himself over, away, but the heavy floaty feeling was too much for him. Perhaps if he tried for just his head . . .
Sherlock’s heroin dreams were always prosaic: There was someone talking in the hall, for example — only, no, there wasn’t, he would realize a moment later, somehow he had transposed a sound that came from his left, hearing it as though it came from his right, and when he moved the sound he also attached a shadow to it. There was no one in the hall, and the fact that he’d hallucinated someone was only a fact, neither troubling nor amusing though sometimes, if he had nothing better to do, he might ruminate on what neurological processes created these particular illusions and not others.
Sherlock Holmes is mine, and I am his.
The day passed wearily. Hope leaped in him whenever the bell rang over the physician’s door, but Sherlock didn’t come.
Sherlock vacillated briefly between Latin and a purpose-invented gobbledygook for the words of the ritual, but opted for Latin because he had learned it in primary school, and why get creative when the Catholics had done the job for him already? “Sage, asafetida, a censer, a dozen twelve-inch beeswax candles and two candelabra to hold them. Matches. A shallow glass bowl six inches in diameter and black ink sufficient to fill it. Two handbells,” he told the air when he had finished his choreography. A box with a manifest including every item on his list arrived the next morning, brought by the same indifferent blank man who delivered the food. Sherlock arranged them in his office, rehearsed once, and that evening sent Delia Smithson home, entirely exorcised, just before eight. If her bank account had been a tin can, she could have held it to her ear to enjoy the clinking of the coin or two within.
He’ll hate it. Every second of it.
Sherlock shakes his head. “I saw the block of marble he planned to carve her from, and then, of course . . . ” He opens his hand to hold empty air. “But, John, you still haven’t said why you went. I thought for some time that it was on account of Galatea, because you’d worked out the truth of what I am, but it seems the revelation came to you more slowly than I surmised.” A false smile, and John is suddenly aware that he recognizes it: it’s the one meant to conceal uncertainty. “Additionally, I understood, of course, that you were in great distress over the loss of your magic, and I’m familiar with the phenomenon by which anger stands in, as it were, for grief and fear, but beyond that . . . I found your motivations opaque.” He looks down at his hands again.
“Fucking hell,” John whispers, wide awake now, and gets on the intercom for a nurse to stitch the cut.
“And, Will? Get some exercise. Go for a walk, whatever, get back in shape. I know it’s been hard on you, staying inside all this time.”
The fox was hot and stinking and the blood from his wounds slick on John’s hands. The hounds, too, wheeled now, panting. Silent. He should have heard their panting, but there was only his own heart and the fox’s harsh breath. John braced — the hounds would tear him apart with the fox now — why didn’t he let go? why didn’t he let go? he held the fox to his bosom, blood soaking into his shirt, and looked steady back at the hounds’ red eyes; they were so close to where he stood at the road’s edge with the fox in his arms, he should have felt their wet breath on his skin but there was nothing — silence; silence, and then the hunters’ horn, and the hounds turned again and were gone down the empty road, the riders after them.
He could go to Mycroft —
Still black all the way to the horizon. Laptop: five o’clock exactly.
a night wasn’t long enough to get through the pukes and the shakes.
He was wearing clean clothes, not his; his feet were bare. He had not been bathed. Smell (air devoid of industrial cleanser), sound (quiet), and bedding (duvet; long-staple-cotton sheets). Not a hospital, then. No windows, therefore not a hotel. As he was neither in a hotel nor in hospital, and as in any case one nonviolent —
of slow erosion. A surgeon will embark upon a swift and painful surgery that may kill the patient at once, if the operation offers the sole hope of saving him from a lingering death. “Wait here a moment,” I said, and pressed Holmes to me with a kiss; I hoped it was not a valediction.
“Will,” John said aloud. He hadn’t missed as many data points as Sherlock believed he had.
“A practical demonstration may be of use.” I rolled myself up and over to straddle him, pushing up his nightshirt en route — ever helpful, he raised his hips to allow me to bare him from collarbones to feet.
He had to stop thinking.
moods. There hadn’t been any videos in weeks.
to be signed, as if John might have had no idea who had picked the lock on his flat and come in without permission to —
; a hand on his wrist, sleeve shoved up,
“We have a prosecution for using Animatio, anyhow,” says Lestrade, “assuming we can find the practitioner who did it. And meanwhile, we’re investigating this as a murder, so if the prosecutors decide it is one, we can make the case.”
The nightmare is an old familiar and John’s stuttered flight up out of it no longer disturbs him.
” and see? easy; after that it was an hour of
I’m apologizing for the way I treated you.”
Sherlock’s breaths were coming slow and shallow now.
Sherlock slid into the fraction of airspace between Rockham’s right side and the nearest courtier. “Will Holmes,” he said. “We share an interest in Ms. Rosenzweig’s work, I gather.”
so he slips away and they’re left holding some completely innocent person and naturally the person’s furious . . .”
Watson had sent.
This would make the fourth time he had stopped using, if he counted the night of the blackout. Twice there had been stints in rehab facilities, with their odious group therapy and their exhortations somehow both sincere and counterfeit. How did the people telling one to assume responsibility for one’s life always manage to strike exactly the same pious note?
. Banal. Sherlock identified what he felt as longing, and then he closed his eyes for a moment and turned away. He didn’t allow himself to focus on any of the other photographs; across the room, Rockham was braying with laughter. Time to hobnob, then. In a moment, as soon as his hands were steady.
“You, er, mind if I take a look?”
and wasn’t that glorious? Wasn’t that sure knowledge glorious?
But what I now relate is not precisely the story of a case. My friend had just concluded the investigation whose particulars may be found among my papers, as “The Adventure of the Seventh Oyster.” The puzzle had been rather more entertaining than significant, and at its conclusion Holmes and I both found ourselves in high spirits. We betook ourselves to Simpson’s and then attended a violin-concert, pleasant though not memorable.
John, perversely, wants to defend Sherlock, and next is angry at himself; and after that he just feels strange and alone, as he has more and more often of late.
said John Watson in his dream, and he leaped into the hounds’ path. He could smell their close breath as he dove for the roadside with the wounded raven cradled to his breast;
“But how could I rectify the error without compounding it by seeming insincere? And of course, I
“Cases,” Sherlock says — but now there is a rising inflection.
Mycroft tilted his head invitingly.
It was a question, Sherlock supposed, how much of all that Mycroft had actually said, and how much he himself had confabulated out of tones of voice, sentences half remembered, his own guilt. Mycroft saying “fuck,” for example, saying it twice: that was implausible.
John buys a couch at Oxfam and it is the thing he likes best in the flat.
I sent in reply, the implement in question being poorly suited to unaccompanied use, and added the new pieces to the puzzle I was assembling. There would be, of course, eight in all, one for each of the eight days of Watson’s absence. So far I had:
“Yeah,” Wiggins said. “You and me both, mate.”)
But Miss Winter had not finished her demonstration. For now there appeared the margery-boy who had accosted us just the past evening:
The spell he was working on, John could see, was in the last stages of development but had not quite cohered, so that its components were still individually discernible: Elucidare, in the form appropriate for nonverbal information, and Amplificare, in the emphatic form used for faint signals, again nonverbal. These were overlaid on the character that meant “past,” while over them in turn a double helix hovered, shimmering.
) into my tea, that being the last of the pot, and racing out again.
Then Jim’s men catching up with him, the noises — And this was not even to reckon with the evidence that marked him as Niall’s murderer.
He studies John, nods, and sits down on the tub ledge without speaking. John rubs at his face. “Yeah,” he says.
On Thursday evening Sherlock showered again. He broke out into a cold sweat five minutes after dressing, so the effort was wasted; on the plus side, he not only found himself looking in the kitchen cupboards but also managed to keep down half a dozen plain Hob Nobs and almost as many cups of tea.
A hesitation. “Not exactly, no. How can I put this? It seemed necessary, so I did it, and I would do it again; but if I could both have done it, and be someone who had not done it. . . . Useless imaginings. There are any number of things I would rather not have done. But I did them, and here I am.”
The face has eyes, a nose, a mouth; they are in the correct relation to one another, more or less; the eyes look out, the mouth must have been able to serve for the ingestion of food and drink, and, presumably, for speech; but the whole is all wrong. Human and not. Slapdash.
“That’s one. And then the other” — John has to force this out, because even now it is so humiliating to admit how terrible those nights were, to bring himself back so directly to what it felt like, looking at Sherlock with his own heart heavy with love and seeing no answer — “after we, we had sex, your face — sometimes it was totally blank. And I thought — I felt so alone. I’ve said it already, I know. But I thought you felt nothing, I thought those were the times I was seeing the truth.”
She stood looking down at the album for some time before she spoke. “It looks like nothing much, doesn’t it?” she said at last. “You could lay it out in your sitting room and let your guests leaf through. The leather’s good, too; I learned how to judge such things from the lady I was in service with. — I see you broke the lock. Or did Mr. Holmes do that?”
At five o’clock he went downstairs and opened up the shop again. No one came. He studied the objects in his office and found that if he consciously attended to each of them and to their disposition in the space, he could reproduce the room, detail perfect, in his mind.
, because that wasn’t right. A raven, a fox, a serpent. Not a man, at all. Not a man — “How do you know I suspect it’s dull?” he said.
In years to come, John wakes from the dream, as he always wakes from it, at Baker Street, with Sherlock lost in stillness beside him. The baby monitor goes the way of the crib, and the crib goes the way of the white pressboard chest; Rosie sleeps in John’s old bed now, the one he bought on his return to Baker Street and hardly ever used.
She tore the album pages across once, and fed the long strips to the fire.
The Home Secretary, whose grandfather had been born in Lahore and who unlike the majority of her compeers owed none of her professional success to her ancestry, momentarily became even more expressionless than usual. Walter Hareton, who besides being dull-witted had far too many tells for a career diplomat, picked up his pen and tapped his lip with it, thereby conveying that Mycroft had succeeded in cowing him. The others in attendance — the chairman of the Joint Intelligence Organisation, the Minister of Defence, and the Prime Minister’s Principal Private Secretary — simply looked unhappy and waited for the Assistant Undersecretary for Operational Effectiveness to continue speaking.
The Sweet Sting of Eros.
Now John doubts and doubts, yet the desire will not leave him. Daily he tells himself to cut his losses and go. He doesn’t go.
John has a flash of the familiar embarrassment, but then he thinks,
John turned.
inconvenient,” said the stranger, for someone had shouted, “There he is, boys!”
But John has finally caught up. “No, wait, I’m not apologizing for turning you in — not that I’ve got the first idea who I’d turn you in to anyway, but that’s —
How does none of you know this?”
If he were caught jumping the gate it would probably get back to Jim, but Sherlock’s mind’s eye showed him the crowded ticket hall, the Oyster card machines, the brevity of the wait to spot someone unwary whose card he could pilfer without the attendant’s noticing; the task, he now saw, had never really been
“Then come to bed with me now. Sleep.”
“Not?” John said.
“She does say she’s found it useful to be underestimated.” I had no need to name the subject of that sentence.
Later, what Sherlock remembered most strongly about the first day of the W. S. S. Holmes (J. Moriarty) counseling business was the quiet. It was even quieter than his last days of liberty — of something like liberty — had been. He sat at his desk in the consulting room, hands folded in front of him, watching the CCTV feed from the front door. At four, he locked up, climbed the stairs, and sat on the couch with his hands on his knees. It was far too soon for withdrawal to have set in, but he soon found himself scratching at his forearms anyway. To distract himself and pass the time he closed his eyes, listening to the muffled street sounds, thinking:
(See the end of the chapter for
Holmes read for some time, half reclined in the bed, while I sat beside him, forcing myself to remain quiet — not to explain, not to excuse, not to snatch the book from his hands and implore him to expunge every word from his mind; not to
He could shower now. Good idea, should have occurred to him earlier. Hot water, comforting. But bits of puke still in the tub. Sit on a stool. Hot water to wash the puke away, wash over him, wash him away.
Rockham had begun to laugh. “They might.” He wove Sherlock’s card through his fingers, the distraction in a beginner’s magic trick. “We’ll see.”
the promised luxury accommodations,” and he does laugh. But, John has to admit, very moderately indeed.
That helped. The chills abated.
I sent him away with a shilling or two and retained the bellows, as our old one was showing signs of wear. Watson had been complaining about it.
“Very nearly ideal,” Sherlock assured the soldier; “few things have a closer connection to a person than words handwritten by him.” He looked through the book carefully for something evocative.
They shook hands; Rockham held on too long, not flirting but making a performance of his strength. Wasn’t the handshake meant to be a show of
After coming up with the scenario for John and Sherlock's meeting in this chapter, I realized that I was borrowing heavily from their meeting in Glenmore's wonderful story "
” Sherlock says, “fuck, you, fuck that fucking hurt.”
A crescent moon hung in John’s window, and someone had spoken his name. “You — Where did you go?” he said, winding his fist in Sherlock’s hair. He rolled Sherlock over and straddled him. “Where?”
But the Hunt went on away.
“Do you think so?” Mycroft replied. “Then let me walk you through my analysis once again.
as if written to a stranger; as if it
The serpent moved. Up John’s arm, over his left shoulder, drawing itself over the wound —
That second and final stint in rehab, though, he could hardly forget. There was the poorly hidden pessimism of the staff, of course — Mycroft had said
“Where else can the facts lead us?” Mycroft replied, letting his exasperation show, because Hareton’s confusion about their relative ranks must be dispelled. “Once again: Consider the American election. Consider the evidence surrounding the Brexit vote. Consider the attempts to influence the vote in both Germany and France. Consider, in particular, the attempted coup in Montenegro.”
Certain they knew the answer, of course.
Of course it is useless to prevaricate with the man. “My dear,” he said lightly, “you forget, I think, that I saw this morning’s
Sherlock was able to keep Mr. Hodgson on the line, looking for Cricket, for three solid months, fifty quid Tuesday and fifty quid Thursday and fifty quid Saturday as Sherlock trawled the spirit world for clues that always came to nothing.
“For a while.”
Sherlock thought. He let his hand drop and said: “Actually, I’m looking for a job, and I think you’ve got the job that I should fill.”
“It would have been such a waste, last night. Cutting and running, I mean. But you didn’t do it, and that makes me think we can call the job permanent now.”
“I am
it had been to walk until he, Sherlock, was
he called to Sherlock, and
“To this seeming puzzle, I apply the hypothesis that you’ve seen combat and have suffered a serious wound to the left shoulder. It resulted in your retirement from the military and a long course of physiotherapy, which has enabled you to resume your profession, albeit not with perfect ease. So the hypothesis is a good one: it accounts for all the phenomena observed.”
Sherlock withdrew his attention from the shouty Lycra Lout and looked down. How had he not noticed? The new arrival was quite right: the fabric on the distal side of his left thigh was torn and bloody, revealing a long laceration beneath, and a small pool of blood had formed under him. Well, that explained the pain in his leg.
John looked again at the scale.
Sherlock's expression blanks, but he nods and rings John in.
angle against angle, corner against center, with triangles of vista between them. Their weights, the lines of force, just so: could you collapse them with a fingertip, or might they balance still, stone in air, a century from now?
Aggrieved: “I think I’ve worked quite diligently.”
Andy, please — ”
rapt, for a solid half minute, now draws in a breath and sends it out again on an exclamation: “Extraordinary!” The sullenness of earlier that morning has vanished.
he allows his expression to say,
Still dark. The laptop clock read 3:13. Montague Street empty: everyone gone home gone to ground gone to rest.
And, perhaps worst of all:
Ultimately, Ms. Smithson needed four visits before Sherlock was able to rid her of Vengeful Dead Ex. At the second, he gave her a vial of rock salt and instructed her to hang it, along with the amethyst, around her neck: this protected her from Dead Ex’s close approach, and the ring of salt poured around her bed enabled her to sleep in safety. At her third appointment, though she still watched the door anxiously, the hollows under her eyes had gone: she was sleeping well and eager to hand over her five hundred quid. Sherlock discussed with her the contents of half a dozen esoteric texts with titles such as
When the hot water ran out Sherlock wrapped himself in a towel and paced. Nothing was coming up anymore, which was just as well; he cleaned his teeth and drank some water; kept the water down.
— and what,
Another idea occurred to me; I climbed back up Holmes and pinned his hands to the bed. His color was high, sweat stood out above his mouth; when I kissed him his eyes flew open and he moaned into my mouth — to me, the most unexpectedly profound of intimacies, as if he strove to commune directly with my deepest secret self . . . I began to speak between kisses — I must have spoken brokenly — I said, or I said
Under the moon, the snake’s blood looked black.
” Sherlock says, again in that tone John has never heard from him before; “and then, so to speak, its reversal.” There’s something almost tender in his expression, John decides: this might be what Sherlock looks like when he’s genuinely impressed.
With which our landlady returned to her dusting and said no more.
In John’s last memory of Baker Street, Sherlock has taken a step backward and brought his steepled fingers to his mouth, just as he does when he is thinking. John throws the flat door open and bangs down the stairs and out; from Sherlock, he hears not another word.
Bolt for the Diogenes Club, press his hand to the bell until someone came. But if Mycroft wasn’t there. If Mycroft was there but would not see him.
Sherlock touched John’s mouth. He laid the palm of his hand against John’s cheek. John felt an unbearable sadness enter his small room and crouch there, waiting. Sherlock closed his eyes and said, so softly John could just hear: “I can stay for a while.”
Not that it takes long to get the cards replaced, but John climbs the stairs to their room in the resigned awareness that, one way or another, he’s heading straight for an ambush. Is it properly an ambush, he wonders, if you know when and where it’s coming and the only thing you don’t know is what form it will take?
“You can’t tell me.”
you can.” With his right forefinger, Jim pushed the laptop an inch in Sherlock’s direction.
“Yeah, I think you should work for it some more.”
“And as we all have learned over the past year, the Americans can no longer be trusted with our intelligence nor relied on to share theirs. Have our friends the French and the Germans anything to offer, Mr. Macdermid?”
Everyone present picks up on the moment. Lestrade frowns and shoves his hands into his pockets. Donovan looks at John, sharply, then looks away, flattening her expression to nothing because, after all, she does like John enough to think he can do better than Sherlock.
They stare at each other. Another understanding bursts in on John. “Oh, Christ. I gave you such shit because you would never enroll in any of the migraine studies. I thought you were so selfish, not even willing to undergo an fMRI a couple of times a year, and you just thought you’d be carted off to a lab somewhere and never get out, didn’t you?”
Sherlock arrives early one morning at the house with the lion door knocker and watches from across the street, magically inconspicuous to tired mothers and racketing children, until all the inhabitants have left; he double-checks by buzzing the buzzer fruitlessly and then he slips out his lock picks and lets himself in. The Legos might still be in the same spots on the floor as when John delivered Beakley, for all he can tell. Beakley at least is not in the same place – his cage is hung from a stand and it enjoys a patch of sunlight.
At “I can’t blame them,” the soldier had smiled fleetingly. Rapport was everything. Sherlock said, “You read through the instructions on the website?” The soldier had. “And you’ve brought something of his with you?”
to which it was not possible to return any answer that would not lead to our immediate arrests, so I laid out the pieces of the puzzle so far and returned to the thermite reaction.
Terror must have made Willis's throat tighten up, and that was what produced the whistling effect. Terror had any number of interesting effects. The whistle made Jim want to laugh, because it sounded kind of funny, with Willis on speaker, the words tiny, vanishing into the concrete-floored spaces of Jim's office. “Don't worry,” Jim said, “everything's going to work out exactly the way we planned.” That was the royal we, of course; Willis was an idiot and Jim would never have let him try to plan anything. Plus which, Willis wouldn't have planned for what was going to happen any day now.
“Ha,” said Macdermid, and put his head in his hands for a moment before he left.
He pulled my unfolded hand down, down toward the join of his body, and laid it upon himself. His prick was firm beneath my touch. I could not help myself: I pressed the heel of my hand against him there.
“Or, of course, from you?”
“Even if I don’t wish to return?” John repeats, incredulous. “Sherlock, why would you have me back?”
Animates had been known to weep.
Mr Elston Wing, the solicitor, called early, having some purported gem-stones he wished me to examine; they were fakes, which rendered the inheritance of the Duke of L——’s second son rather moot, but supplied me with a witness to the extraordinary spectacle of Wiggins racing pell-mell around the sitting room, dropping the usual slip of paper (
only it’s more the other way round, isn’t it.
From her plain, practical dress and confident carriage I surmised that she was one of the respectable office-girls being seen more and more often in London; but, though her gaze was direct, as she looked back and forth between my face and Holmes’s I saw her color rise, and her fingers tightened on the handle of her satchel. It was often thus — a client’s composure would give way before the prospect of describing some painful circumstance. My heart went out to her.
He drifted toward Rockham, casting smiles about him; no one here knew him, of course, but that didn’t matter if you were good-looking and rich enough. Sherlock was the one and his suit declared, a little loudly, that he was en route to becoming the other, so a high percentage of those present had already given him the eye, and not all of them were subtle about it, either. Rockham, observant like all predators — and like all prey — saw Will Holmes’s clothes, his walk, the gracious acknowledgment of the crowd’s interest, all the beacons signaling
Jim cocked his head. “Was he cute?”
They had no prey this night, John thought; but then saw that he was wrong. On the road a serpent writhed.
“You’re moving on to big things now. Well, not
Though I interrogated him closely, I could not discover that Wiggins had observed anything of moment. He hung his head and swore to do better, “because you been doing your best to train up all us Irregulars, Mr Holmes, and we always want to do our best in return, like.”
“Shit,” said Rockham, and took a moment to work out the implications. Willis was probably telling the truth when he said he didn’t know what had happened to the inventory. If he had been working for himself, he wouldn’t have diverted it on purpose: there was no percentage in pissing Andrew Rockham off. The same went if he had been working for someone else, except that the disappearance of the goods smelled like a setup: Willis was a pawn, someone had sacrificed him to get hold of two hundred thousand pounds’ worth of Sierra Leone diamonds with beautiful certificates declaring them conflict free. “All right,” Rockham said, “make sure he gets found someplace touristy. I want him to make the news, in case anybody’s out there paying attention.”
They looked at each other over the gun that was Jim’s hand.
The lines Sherlock reads in Fadil’s book come from Kazim Ali’s poem
“Aw, don’t worry, I’ll come with you,” Jim said.  “Go on, get your jacket.” Someone without Sherlock’s knowledge base would surely have thought he sounded encouraging and friendly. Not for the first time, Sherlock wondered how Jim experienced himself; as a voice that echoed over empty space, perhaps.
Sherlock went on: “He may be alive, but it’s beyond my powers to say for certain.”
“Yes. Sometimes you are a violent man. So, for that matter, am I. It’ll be all right, John.”
John Watson nodded. “I guess I’ll see you around, then.”
I could have allowed that to happen; and, oh, how the prospect of that safety, so cheaply acquired, tempted me. Yet, as the trace of hurt on his face before had urged me toward honesty, so now there crowded in upon me the knowledge of what would follow if I did not respond. Holmes — Sherlock — must have perceived that my reticence concerning the works I sold on Holywell Street had to do with their particular — perhaps
There might or might not have come a reply to this, but they had reached the clinic door.
When I tell you
The bond John felt with Sherlock had formed so quickly and had felt so absolute. It was tangible in the air between them. John thought he had developed an extra sense, he imagined himself perceiving Sherlock with this sense in a way others did not, could not, perceive him. Sherlock was like a new color or like a sound outside the range of hearing. A taste never before known but now found to underlie all others. Sherlock was a perfume. His presence was like the touch of a finger that one feels over all of one’s skin, and that once known is desired ever after.
I sent him, in some irritation. There was, it transpired, little of interest to be said concerning the fungi of Aberdeen.
Were the diagnostic criteria for depression altered in cases like his? “My case,” Sherlock said aloud, because the lights were still out everywhere, so Jim couldn’t hear him: “My case is unique,” but then he started to cry. Or not to cry, exactly; water drained from his eyes but there was no hitching breath. No particular feeling attached, either. So perhaps merely Eyes Watering, Part II: The (Temporarily) Dry Nose.
“I had been thinking in terms of days,” Sherlock said.
“So, we just need the man to show up.”  Sherlock gathered his violin case and headed for the door.
“It’s the worst part about being a child,” John said, “not having the power to help those you love.”
I pushed the sleeve of his robe up, checked for needle marks.  Sherlock was perfectly capable of drawing his own blood and too much of it in one day.  I’d asked him not to do either.  He had decided to humour me by waiting for me to come home.  If he
As now.
“Shall we repair to our campfire?  Wiggins will have it going well by now.  You’ll feel the chill when we emerge into the open.” He turned towards the woods and I turned with him. “We can finish our wine while we wait for the moon.”
“He almost knocked me over heading down to the firing range as I was coming up.”  Wiggins opened the door.  “Might be the quietest place in the Manor about now,” he added from the hall.  The door shut and I was alone.
I went to look out the door.
“Like
He used the last pin and stood back to survey his handiwork.  He had managed to get the cloth to hang straight all the way around.  It did not look as though it had been pinned up in a few minutes.
It set me back.  I had an urge to apologise.  “I meant no offense,” I declared and not being sure where to direct my words, I turned my head about as I spoke.
“They’re all knotted,” I grumbled as I struggled with the ribbons at the cuffs.  “Why on earth does there need to be three on each sleeve?”  I dropped my arms to my sides and slumped back on the stone bench in the antechamber of the hammam.  I turned to watch Sherlock remove garment after garment as though it were some type of dance and drop them into a tall basket beside the bench opposite me.
“He was never seated when you saw him,” he said.
“Someone had a collection of old newspapers,” I suggested.
“The Manor isn’t on the other side,” I said, thinking aloud.
“We’ll have to keep an eye on the temperature next winter,” he said.  His hands came to rest, one loosely cupping a buttock, the other tucked between my chest and his stomach.  His breathing slowed.
“Who’s that now?” I managed to ask.
I reached out and caught him round the thighs, guided him down.  He landed in a tangle, knocking the air out of me.  I grasped him more firmly; he was half on the bench, half off.
He had lowered his eyes for a moment to mine.  “Serious business, names.  Not to be invoked lightly nor given away casually.”  He’d gone back to watching in the glass over my head.
Fortunately, I knew what an oleander was.  More botanical study was necessary because I did not know the names of more than half the plants in the gardens.
“No.”
John nodded.  “Glad we could help,” he said.
“John, come eat before you get started on whatever Sherlock’s left for you to do,” she said and held out an envelope.  “He may forget to sleep and eat, but I’m not going to let you starve on my watch.”
It took resolve to remain silent.
He stood tall again, one hand extended out from his shoulder, the other moving as though it plied a bow.  He walked towards me.
“Not your mother?”
I shook my head.  “I knew that chapter was long, but not a whole night’s worth.”  I fastened the ties on the harp’s cover.
"She checks the perimeter sometimes, but mainly leaves the area near the riverbank to one of the cubs I mentioned earlier and the heath to the other," he replied, stepping under the spray and raising his arms.  "You wanted to examine my ribs, as I recall."
Sherlock brushed a finger over his chin.  “Not quite two days.”
“Coming, Mrs H,” a voice said and the kitchen hallway door opened gradually as the rear end of Charlie appeared carrying a box.  It was filled with something that clanked and was quite heavy judging from the way he was holding it.
“Whoa, Sherlock, a little warning,” I gasped, starting up.
I squinted.  A pinprick of light among the trees.
I played a trill on my pipes and off we went.
I have him now.
“Where have you gone?” John asked and it was nearly a wail.
In the corner, deep in the shadows, Wiggins stood, striking a tambour in perfect time.
One by one, he caught the falling knives, looking at me when he had them all clenched in his hand.  “I probably should have mentioned this possibility, but my parents haven’t been in touch for years.  That suited me.”
“And the mother?” Sherlock asked.
I arched my neck to the side, so he could reach it easily.
She dipped her head in the water then stretched her neck high.
“I’m sorry I took so long,” she said.
Sherlock followed John’s breath up to his mouth, stung the middle of each lip a dozen times or more.  They were scarlet when he fluttered away.
I bent over Sherlock and let it pour over his wound; knotted my fingers in his hair and pulled his head back to let the blood flow into his mouth.
He was descending a ladder, slid over the last few rungs and hurried along the gravel to the torso.  He stared for an instant and took out his phone.  "Shit," he muttered, "answer me."
I shook my head.  “Nowhere.”
“In Leeds.  My parents went abroad for work the year before I was to take my GCSEs, so I stayed with my grandparents on the grounds of Leeds Castle.  They both had jobs there.”  The smile in her voice was clear.  “I even worked there the summer before university.  In the gift shop.”
“Are you real?” John breathed.
So far, I have been too fast.
It’s different with Sherlock.
The tendrils about my arms tightened.  The breeze ruffled my hair and Sherlock pressed deeper.
“But when you were dying, you asked to live, so I came to make sure you did.”
The cool room grew warm.
“Yes, I believe he will,” said the man.
One was holding the other back, arms around their waist.  The one thus restrained, held their arms out towards the old woman.
Sherlock took my arm.  “Ready?”
I executed an about face and trailed after him.  “The li…tigress took her leave through the mirror in the foyer,” I said, conversationally, as Sherlock opened the door under the staircase.
“With a bow, no less,” John remarked.  “Speaking of listening devices, do you think he planted something on her?”
Drums took up the beat and my wheel began to turn, grating and grinding, stone against stone.  Sparks spewed into the room from the jagged edges and the quadrants, half-filled with silver, green, gold or red lines, turned with it.  The guests stepped back.  Among them, I saw Wild-eyed Jim.  He saw that I saw him and took a half-step forward, his hands raised in front of his chest as though he might applaud, the sparks reflected in his eyes.
It hit just outside the inner ten ring.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows and tilted his head inquiringly at their visitor.
“Very much so,” I replied, thinking back.  “Taking flight from the edge of a railway bridge.  Perhaps they like bridges.”
He turned from me and called, “Bert, another torch.”
Leave me in peace.
The third photograph was taken just after the mystery man arrived and picked up the loaf of bread Ms Swann had dropped.  The woman with the camera was scowling as she glared at the newcomer.  Ms Swann did not see.  Her eyes were on the newcomer, a small smile visible in profile.  The man’s head was tilted downwards, his cap obscuring all but his chin.
“…of course, Mrs Turner and I can do for each other.  All of us used to go once a week when I was little, Mama and Nan and Margaret, that’s Mrs Turner, and her mother.  Margaret and I would comb out each other’s hair when we got old enough to do that on our own.  These days I find the heat helps my hip.  Are you all right, John.”
“There you are!” Mrs Hudson exclaimed.  “We were just wondering what had become of the two of you.”
I burrowed beneath them and checked his toes, worked my way up his legs and found some warmth at the groin.  I rubbed my cheek against his cock, closed my mouth about its tip.  It was cool at first.  I released it, crawled up his chest and pulled the covers over our heads.
I wasn’t even surprised that it fit.  When I moved my hand, it seemed to grow brighter.
I could hear a bit of a smile in his answer.  “So, there’s a drawbridge and a portcullis down there?”
“Assault, rape, blackmail – yes, he must have tasted dreadful, but he was threatening me.  River takes that very seriously.”  We had reached the door.  “The rain will help wash it away.”
He stroked the bird and it shifted closer to his head.
It is a sad song.
“That’s exactly what I thought.”
Baskerville appeared unaware, his attention fixed on me and the branch in my hand.  On impulse, I had brought my gun, but hoped not to have to kill an animal that most likely had escaped from the zoo.  However, I did not want it to eat Baskerville either.  As frightening an apparition as he had been when I first saw him, I was in no doubt that he would be the loser in any contest with the creature heading towards us.
Puck fingered the leather pouch at his belt, filled with potent flowers.  “I am better at magic than swordplay,” he said in a low voice.
My eyes opened wide in consternation and I found Holmes still regarding me.
“I’m sorry, how…”
“Oh, John, I’m so glad you’ve come,” she said, and held out a note.  “The most marvellous thing has happened.”
Lord Holmes nodded to me and stepped up onto the window seat next and over the window sill.
She continued staring at the picture.
I turned and looked up at him.  “Would I have recognised you?”
The musicians played faster.  Each line of dancers shifted, one several paces to the right, the other to the left and my partners changed.
"Molly Hooper, may I present Dr John Watson, who has just been hauling a cart full of dead, primordial beast across Londinium with me.  John, Dr Hooper, my favourite pathologist."
I sat across the corner of the table from him and reached for his left arm.
“Yes,” he said.
“Right,” I murmured and watched our delegation join the others wending their way towards the huge oak.
“Who are these cocks?”
Sherlock didn’t look up from his microscope.  “What does she write?”
“Seriously?”
I looked at his face. It was the face of my dancer.
He was correct, as he so often is.
“This way, John.”
A lone howl split the darkness.
“Shall we?” he said and gestured towards the far wall of the library.
“And afterwards?” I asked.
“The whole terrace does, but I’ve given up storing anything there.  Metal rusts, everything else moulders.  They were for coal, you know.  Some people have waterproofed them, but tanking is expensive and I don’t think it’s worth it for storage.”  She blew across her tea and the steam wafted towards me.  “I may have to do 221C though, or I’ll never find a tenant.”
I nodded.
Sherlock turned back to the water.  “He’s leaving.”
“Soon.”
He was down to his hose and the long linen shirt, whose tails hid more of his form than I would have wished.  He lifted a foot to the seat of the bench and untied the bow of one garter with a pinch of his fingers and a quick motion of his wrist.  He let the ribbon flutter onto the clothes already overflowing from the basket.  Deftly, he rolled the silk hose, which must have been as plastered to him as my clothes were to me, down and off his foot.
I grinned at the sound of Sherlock’s voice.
This chapter occurs before the final scene in
“I could’ve solved that case from Baker Street if they’d sent me the list of the first pieces they realised were missing,” Sherlock grumbled.  "Could have accessed their personnel database from there, too, and not bothered their Human Resources Department."
“Look.”
Ms Swann nodded.
"Yes," he grumbled.  "Do either of you have any pennies or tuppence?"  He rubbed his thighs vigorously for a minute before trying to stand again, with better effect.
“You’ll do well,” she said and slipped her hand away from mine.
John took out his mobile and passed it across the table.  “The first photo is from this morning.  I took another just before I came down to dinner.”
Sherlock handed his laptop to her.  The photograph on the screen was a wide-angled shot of the Pond with her bent forward to feed the swans.
I did not dawdle.  The notion of getting lost was appearing less than fanciful.
I shook my head.  “How can you be so calm?” I demanded
She shook her head.  “I don’t go every year anymore.”  She patted her hip.  “I’ll hear all about it over breakfast.”
The whole room seemed to sigh, “Soon.”
The air cooled.  He had stepped away.
Ms Swann stood, too.  “Ah, I…”
Of my true love’s hair…”
Sherlock’s shoulders hunched, his thighs tensed.  He groaned.
I heard a horse whinnying.  Corvus was riding a short way ahead and I hoped nothing had frightened his horse and caused him to be thrown.
"For the fire on the hill," I said, looking from him to her and back.
“Sandalwood,” Sherlock supplied as he sat down beside my forgotten cup of tea.  He waved the brown newspaper.
“Thank you, Doctor,” he said, moving the tree limb further down the hall.  “You should come up to the nursery and see the cuttings when you have time.  They’re already rooting.”
Far away, John opened his eyes.
Sherlock arched backwards and turned his face towards John.  The light was growing brighter and more golden, outlining Sherlock’s profile and casting deep shadows on the nearer side of his face.  John pulled his gaze from the hectic pink of Sherlock’s lips and met his eyes, blue and green and gold on the morning side, a silver gleam on the near side.  They both held his gaze, looked him through.
Wiggins was making holes in the ground with the pointed end of a stave I had not noticed him having.  He wedged his torch in the hole and made another for Bert’s torch.
John leaned even closer to the screen.
John took aim at the logs and fired.
Sherlock’s eyebrow went up and Wiggins edged towards the door.  “I’ll urge them on.  I will,” he promised, hunching his bony shoulders and raising the door’s latch.
I had added yellow to the heart though and sealed three of the incisions in the wrist.  I was content with that.  In fact, every time I contemplated the drawing, I liked it more.  I had scanned it into my laptop, before the changes and after, had emailed both versions to myself, had put copies on my phone.  Who knew what mayhem the drawing might be exposed to, I reasoned.  I stared at the picture more often than I would have liked to admit to anyone.  There was something in it that I couldn’t quite see, but I could feel it.
Lestrade held up a hand towards them.  "Go wait by the steps," he said and waved them away.
~~~~~~ooO0Ooo~~~~~~
“Adamantine?” I hazarded to guess.
The velvet clung to me.  It was the colour of ivy.
I raised my eyes and beheld a sea of trees that rolled away from the wall until their canopy merged with the clouds on the horizon.
Sherlock glanced sideways towards me.  “That you’re mine.”
He chuckled.
“Sometimes, when Harry and I would stay with them in the summer.  My grandad would buy furniture to re-finish and sell for a little extra cash after he retired from the army.”
One swan curved his neck low and dipped his head beneath the water.  The other did the same.  The larger swan swam close to his mate, stretched his neck across hers and dipped his head again.  After he’d raised his head to swallow, he bent it once more and his mate stretched her neck across his and into the water.  Having drunk their fill, they bowed to one another, breast to breast and forehead to forehead.
“You found it?” Greg called.
“We should adjourn to the laboratory,” he said and gestured towards a different direction from the way I would have gone to seek the stairway.
The figure shifted to the side.  Gloves were removed and long, pale hands were held up to the heat of the dying flames.  The pencil was deftly seized and rolled between fire-warmed palms.  I felt sure that he was considering what to write, but after a moment, a breath was drawn in that swelled the chest beneath the thick woollen coat and the pencil was placed between his lips.  Not a pencil then, but a small pipe such as shepherds play.  The piper gave breath to his pipe and its clear notes sparkled above him in the chill air.  Around us, the wind rose.
My head fell forward.  “I didn’t even get any of the bloody leaves,” I grumbled.  “I could at least have come up with a handful of the stuff.”
“So many departed lighter of spirit than when they arrived, and said so again and again as they bid us and you both, farewell.”  He inclined his head in my direction.  “You may have trouble finding places for the all the gifts.”
Greg called.
Not the real issue here, I don’t think.  I glanced behind me at the tender shoots of ivy growing along that wall between the sconces and wondered how much time separated this end of the passage from the part where the corridors crossed.  And when sunlight had last shone down into them.
“Yes,” John agreed, “I can see.”
I did the same.
Greg stood grinning down at me.  “I heard you went up the hill yesterday.”
I began to turn towards Sherlock.
He held the tips of his glowing twigs to the kindling and small branches that Archie and Charlie had arranged over the extinguished ashes and soon our new fire was crackling and bright.
“You may not require a large one, but you do enjoy an audience, Mycroft.”
“And that, Holmes, is the sum total of my evidence for why I think that Madame Willow is not a fraud.  I don’t know how she could do what she did, or what her motivations could be because her fees were not exorbitant, but a fake she is not.  The only person I’ve ever seen come close to the sort of thing she did that evening is you, and some people think that you’re all smoke and mirrors, playing some kind of trick on them, and I know they’re wrong.  I have lots of evidence for that belief, but I only have the amount I’ve just set forth for Madame Willow, the woman who told me that you weren’t in the Land of the Dead.
I had recorded my next set of observations on the experiment in the laboratory when I heard Mrs Hudson in the library.  I hung up the extra lab coat I had found the day before behind the door, the one that fit me as though it had been tailored to my measurements.
Kit took a seat next to her with a mug and bowl of his own.
Lestrade raised an eyebrow.
The memory of my first glimpse of him outlined half in moonlight, half in firelight flashed before my inward eye and I closed my hand around the milky stones.
I managed to move one hand enough to grasp above his knee.  I felt his muscles flex as he rose and fell.  I wanted to join him, to thrust up, wrap my legs around his back and pull him down, but I didn’t have the strength.
John thought.
“Shut. It.”
They were playing a new game, then: call it Feisty Vassal. A relief that it had not immediately resulted in Sherlock’s being taken somewhere to be tortured to death.  He was worn far too thin to work out whether Jim had planned to inaugurate Feisty Vassal, this afternoon, or whether he himself had elicited it. Either way: “I’m agog with anticipation,” he said, stepping onto the tightrope. Hateful, how the autonomic nervous system was not to be subdued. He must have spent half the night in one kind of cold sweat, and now on came another.
The voice continued: “
They were mortifying. On the first was a photographic portrait of her: her hair was down, and she lounged across the arms of a wing chair, en négligée. She was very lovely but the photograph might as well have been a French postcard. Worse yet was the letter attached to the second page, by comparison with which the portrait might have been that of a cloistered nun. The letter was written in Miss Winter’s hand.
in bellows / not in cry
John had stormed out of Baker Street with the key to the flat in the pocket of his trousers and — he recognizes the implication with some shame — never got round to mailing it back. But no matter that the key is a loophole he’s left himself, he’s forfeited the right to use it; so he rings the bell and then stands back where Sherlock can look out the kitchen window and see him. The window's open and the curtain, caught by a breeze, lifts and falls against the brick. Even from the pavement, John can see how Sherlock swallows hard at the sight of him. The reaction seems as reflexive as anyone else's startled pain. John's heart hurts at the sight. “To apologize,” he says to Sherlock in the window, answering the question Sherlock doesn't need to ask.
It seemed a pity.  The atmosphere was so festive.
“Reach down from there to cut them.”
“I imagine Redbeard made them rather tense,” John said.
I couldn’t manage to play more than a note or two as we walked, so now and then we paused and I tried longer combinations of notes, the wooden pipes smooth beneath my fingers, the images clear in my mind’s eye.
I opened my mouth to speak, but Siròc dived again.  Another person was standing, arms raised, near where the old woman had parted from her companions.  Again, Siròc snatched something from their hands, swept high into the air and dropped what she’d taken into the fire.  A dog took shape in the flames.  It ran in circles, raced to the little boy, then bounded away again.  The boy stooped, picked up a flaming stick and threw it towards the tree.  The dog leapt after it…and was gone.
“Yes,” he said.  “The mist was thick and bright the day I heard you.  I had nearly given up hope that you would come.”  He tugged on her hand.  “Come, let me show you.”
I felt a light scratch down the centre of my back.  The tie of my pyjama bottoms tugged at my waist, then separated.  I drew in a breath, held it.  Something sharp caught in the fabric.  The cloth hissed as it tore.  I let out my breath in a rush, got up on my knees.
“Ms Swann was listed among the composers for the game’s score, thus the violin.  I believe it may evoke further confidences.”
He rolled his eyes and took two from the plate.
"We're dragging it along the bottom," he said.
Realised I wasn’t worth the effort, perhaps?
Lips closed over mine.
“It was for an online game my company has been developing, a fantasy role-playing game.  The virtual launch was three days ago.  Industrial espionage is not unknown in the video game industry, so if the man who had seemed to be following me for several weeks had been hoping to glean advance information about the content or the release date of our new title before we made it public, I assumed his motivation would be gone after the launch.  I…”  She drew a silver case from her jacket pocket, extracted a business card and held it out towards Sherlock.
But I felt it with an intensity that startled me.
Sherlock stung his way along the path of the vein and nestled in the crook of John’s elbow.
A thread of sound wafted through the mist.  The swan didn’t lift his head, but he opened one eye.  It wasn’t the sound of wings for which he had waited so long.  It was the sound of song.  He knew song.  The small birds sang, and the creatures who had come out to the island in their hollow tree trunk had sung as they wielded their sticks and when they had eaten their food in the long grass under the trees.
Holmes gestured at me.  I took another sip and began.
“Dr Watson does bear watching,” Sherlock concluded and clicked the case shut.
Standing, cheeks covered in lather, before the little mirror in the loo.  Glimmers of gold rather than silver amidst the brown reflected in the mirror.
Mycroft shook his head.  “He wants a title.”
“Let’s take a rest here,” Sherlock said loudly and pulled me closer to the tree.  “Would a bow have helped with this?” he asked, “a dagger?”  He eased the willow from my hands.  “Sit,” he murmured and lowered the willow to the ground near my feet.
“Take another deep breath, John,” Sherlock whispered.  He fluttered above John’s face, glistening scales falling from his beating wings.
Rather a lot going on.
“Ah, Archie, there you are.”
“True,” my host replied.
“Answer my question,” John replied quietly, switching the syringe to his other hand.
Rain had obscured the view from the train as we travelled west from Paddington to the Cotswolds.  It had drummed above us as the wheels churned below and with Holmes deep in thought on the seat opposite me, I had let the sway and rhythm of our conveyance lull me to sleep.  With a firm thump to my thigh, Holmes had called me forth from my slumbers at our destination, apparently in a different land, for the sun had poured down on us from a sky as blue as a butterfly’s wing.  We had deposited our cases at the most convenient inn, and set out immediately to investigate the environs of our new client’s misfortune.
I looked up from my research.
"I could smell the scent of fresh wood shavings mixed with the fragrance of her perfume," Sherlock said, waving his fingers beneath his nose.
John’s gaze flickered to the sign above the door.
“John.”
He was looking at the gold in his hand again, fidgeting with it.  I couldn’t see his eyes.
“What is the whole reason, then?”
Sherlock peered closely, lifted the shirt gently.  He appeared to be waiting for Lestrade to arrive before making a more intrusive examination of the corpse, although perhaps he had seen enough to form a plan.
“While I was listening, the eye I could see opened and you looked straight at me.”  I didn’t describe how soft the look had been, but Sherlock could probably deduce that from my expression.
“You’ve taken some liberties with the lyrics, but I doubt the poet would mind,” Sherlock said, stretching.
I couldn’t help grinning.
Corvus was nearly fainted in the corner, his arm still through Sherlock’s, who, perforce, was seated next to him.  Braithewaite was seated facing Corvus with Adamantine situated as far away from Braithewaite as he could manage.  I took the place next to Sherlock and we set off.
“Moon rises at four."
.  John was sure he had not sung that refrain since leaving school.
“You have enough light now, John,” he said.  “Show me.”
I could hear the pride in her voice.  I waved my goblet beneath my nose and inhaled.  My eyes shut.  The woods were dark, ivy hung from the trees.  Between their bare branches, the moon sailed, round and silver.
“I didn’t say anything,” Sherlock replied.
The wind picked up.
“We thought we’d be traditional today,” she said and put a cruet of vinegar near me before she sat back down.
“You shall have plenty of fresh ones to use now.”
Ms Swann’s eyes widened.
He paused and I thought a fuller explanation might be forthcoming, but I was wrong.  My muscles betrayed my frustration.
Mike had texted.  He had no classes in the afternoon and suggested lunch.
Sherlock was still staring at me.  “I was.  There are old ovens there used for melting lead to pour on anyone attempting to scale the walls.
He seemed to like the feel of it though, in the end.
“To what has begun,” he said and drained his glass.
“Whoa,” John said.  “Our man is making his move.”
"You're bringing that home?" I asked.
I took a step back.  The aroma of spices should have alerted me to someone being present, but I hadn’t seen either her or Mrs Turner by the light of the lone candle in the middle of the long kitchen table.  They leaned forward into its glow.
I pulled the covers up to my chin and wiggled deeper into the soft comfort of the bed.
He waved a hand at the room and nodded.  “You are to make yourself at home.  I only ask that you be mindful of my experiments if you choose to use the laboratory.”
“Fine,” Mycroft said and waved his hands and his antennae at Sherlock.
"Close it," he said.  "Us, next."
I managed to turn my head enough to get a glimpse of his profile, wan in the last light of the setting moon.  He was looking out across the room, but I doubted that was what he was seeing.
"They're in the cold chamber now, except for one that I want to study further at home.  That one's in a cooler.  The end of the tentacle has structures similar to a leech's mouth.  I believe it was intending to feed on me when you interrupted it."
I held out my left arm.
I scowled and shook my head very gently.
The box shone where I had removed the wax and a pleasing aroma rose from the wood.  It was familiar, but I couldn’t name it.
“So she says.”  Sherlock pointed towards the next stair and stepped over it.  “That one creaks. We’ll see in the morning.”
Lady Holmes smiled at him.  “Or that
There was a suggestion of a smile on Sherlock’s lips and I was enjoying the sense of having acquitted myself adequately when at his elbow appeared a man wearing one of the crowns I had seen from the stairs.  It was heavy gold ringed with round rubies and sapphires – or red and blue glass.  He was of my height and holding a scarlet half mask over his face.  Sherlock’s smile faded quite away.
“At least you saw that I wanted you,” I said.
“Does he go to France often, then?” I asked.  It was hard to concentrate with the different sensations that were going on in my mouth.
“No, yes and yes,” Sherlock replied.  He bunched a pillow up and shoved it under his chin, his eyes still on John.  “Where have you been honing your deductive skills, Doctor Watson?”
“Lab,” he said and the clipped answer spoke of pain suppressed.
“When she was younger, that used to upset her.  Now she swoops past us a few times, then rides on on Duneyrr, acting as navigator because she can see so much farther.”  He glanced down at me.  “She thinks well of you.”
“Me, usually,” Mrs Hudson added as she headed out the door, “unless Billy’s about.”
Sherlock held his hand up to his mouth.   With the tip of his tongue, he licked a drop of sauce from his thumb.
He raised his head, bent it back.  A trickle of water landed on his face and splashed onto me.
I took note of the three, wide straps circling the container.  Sherlock was not underestimating the danger of the thing.  I collected the swords, the crossbow and quiver and thus laden followed him into the main room of the mortuary.
I started to smile.
His eyes narrowed further.  “There’s something else.”
Fair enough.
Kit glanced around the room.  “But there’s so many people here.”
Rush hour was in full spate.  I hung from a strap, swayed with the rhythm of the train.  Strings of words were forming in my head.
He slipped into the lab and shut the door.
“Oh, you’ve done a fine job, Doct…John,” Mrs Hudson said, casting a smiling eye over the empty dishes.  “Mrs Turner will be pleased.”
We’re on our way.
She breathed in, her chest expanding, and pushed down as hard as she could and rose higher and higher above the river and the trees and far past where the fountains should have been.  To the east of her, he followed, his wings singing and the sky outlining him in gold.
Sherlock pulled more insistently on my hand.
Sherlock was tapping away at his phone, open file next to him.
“Why didn’t Jean-Pierre call Sherlock directly?” I asked and dunked a biscuit into my tea.
I squinted at the sofa.
Sherlock slid down towards my knees, eased my buttocks apart.
Holmes waved an impatient hand at me.
John leaned forward from his seat and took it from her, set it on the desk above his notebook.
"Do you think you could row?" Sherlock asked.
“Play his song again.”
He chuckled.
“Going by his behaviour while he was alive, I strain to picture how further correspondence with her husband would be likely to soothe Mrs Whitney.”
“In the ranks of death you will find him.
“But not your black swan,” Sherlock said, his stare unwavering.
The light from the hall disappeared.
“No,” Sherlock agreed, “he wasn’t.”
“The Victorian public that read Latin in their spare time,” I clarified.
John walked around the table and leaned over her shoulder to swipe at the screen.
“Yes, but I had just solved a rather big problem for them and I said I wanted to dissect him.  They did not want to deny me such a small thing,” Sherlock said, pushing the lever up.  “They offered me another from the litter since their bodies had been frozen, but I said I preferred a fresh sample.  They seemed satisfied with that.”
“Oh,” I said as the dragon launched himself from the crown of my head and landed on the rim of the dish.  “I didn’t know…of course, I suppose, they’d have…”
"And the long answer?" Lestrade asked.
I slapped the journal onto the desk, grabbed a couple sheets of printer paper and a rubber and set to work.  I didn’t even look at the photographs.  I’ve seen enough hearts, beating and otherwise.
His eyebrows went up.
“Bonfire Night was like this, in the square near our house.  It never bothered me.  We helped make the effigy some years, Harry and I.  She burned my favourite shirt one time.  Swapped it out for the old one we’d put on it together without my noticing until the flames lit it up on top of the bonfire.  That bothered me.  Burning the Guy never did.  Grisly custom that it is.”
“No, no, I won’t.”
“…and I bled—”
I blinked a few times, lifted my head a little.
"Down here with that.  Get the body out of here before the tide takes it back," Lestrade ordered.
“I’m sorry about your loss,” I said.
He set my phone on the arm of his chair, which I found oddly disappointing, and proceeded to tap away at them both.
“He shall be a permanent fixture at Usher now,” Corvus said when we joined him.
In the streetlight that filtered down from the bridge, they coalesced by a bench off the towpath that afforded a view of Ms Swann’s apartment.  A dim light was still on in her sitting room.  Through the half-open balcony doors, the sound of a piano being played floated across the water.  Below her balcony, a swan-shaped shadow glided to and fro.
“It might be relevant.  He’s a character in the book,
I limped towards the stairs and a wave of commuters swept me upwards, clutching my cane with one hand and the handrail with the other.  I was thrust through the barriers, up more stairs, and spewed out into the crowd surging into the station.  I dodged as best I could, my knuckles white around the head of my cane.  The urge to use it for more than lessening the weight on my aching leg was strong.
We shan’t be doing that, as neither of us have any plans to give up cards, ever.
“Better than I thought it would when I realised the flat was two floors up rather than one,” John replied.  “Mrs Hudson plied me with tea and scones before she even showed me the flat and I think I would’ve tackled three floors to have a regular supply of those.”
“I had already made it to the woods when they started after me.”
“If I help you out again, will you lie still so I can finish my designs on this side?”
I smiled at what I saw.  He felt my eyes on him.
He spread his fingers.
I leaned back against him.
I wanted to grip a weapon.
“Noted.”  He turned the book back around and continued reading.
He completed a figure eight around the table with the wing laid out upon it and the one with the body.  “Anything else?”  He had snapped on gloves and stopped to stare intently at the corpse.
He was picking other berries out of his cap.
Sherlock turned to me, the torchlight streaming over his shoulder.  “Some fortification,” he said and took his flask out from inside his coat.
“He wanted to come back to her,” Sherlock said.
Puck did three back flips, checked his pearl was in place, then ran towards the lake and when the moon set he was still gazing at  his reflection in its waters.
I coughed.
John is no longer sequestered. Boundaries are crossed and creatures encountered.
“You’d rather come along?”
“I tease you, John, about being unobservant, but you really aren’t.  Well, you are about a lot of things, but there are other times when you have great clarity of insight.”
There was a sharp rap on the floor, a second and several more.  I stared at the bench and saw another stone fall from the lower part of the ledge and clack against the flint.
We landed on top of the cloth.
The opposite side of the boat rocked up.
His hands fell away from my sides.
“John, John.”
With a sigh of resignation, she turned over.  Morning would come.  Dreams would go.  She opened her eyes.
He nodded again and smiled.  “I can carry this to the hill for you, if you’d like.”
All of it had its effect on me.  I put out my hand to steady myself against the table.  He knows he can do this to me.
Her claws closed about something in the person’s hands and she banked, low over the people’s heads before she gained height and glided across the moon with her catch.
“Ah,” Angelo said, looking upwards.  “A good choice, a beautiful choice.” He picked up the menu.  “I will bring you a candle.”
My fingers dug into the strong muscle above Sherlock’s knee and felt the hint of warmth there.
It was my turn to smile.  “The wine?”
I shouldn’t have liked to take my eyes from them, so regal they looked, but a clatter and a gust of wind from behind me caused me to whirl around, dagger drawn.
He snorted.
"Among other things," Sherlock replied.
Just being prepared.
His tail feathers closed.  His chest deflated and he flew off.
“I brought your violin,” Mycroft said, holding it out.  “I was sure you hadn’t meant to leave it behind.”
“Patience,” John hummed.
"Ta," I replied as I backed out the doors, trying not to drop anything, but I wasn't sure that was all she was referring to.
“You wished to believe,” he said.
The dancers collapsed, sweating and gasping, wherever they stood, except for Mycroft, who had finally come close enough to be drawn in.  He selected a tree stump, sat down and crossed his legs, smiling.
I heard the gate bang shut.  I sagged against a firm chest, closed my eyes and took gulp after gulp of air.  I knew that fragrance.  Slowly, my stomach settled, my head ceased to spin.  I found my legs, opened my eyes and looked up.
I stood, balancing the harp on my hip and lifted the top of the bench to put it away.
I wondered what might have called my interviewer away and proceeded inside.
“My tea’s still hot,” I said aloud.
The lighted windows on the north side of the canal threw rectangles of light on the dark water.  The silhouette of a swan glided in and out of them.
“Love lemon and poppy seed,” I called over
Fine.  It was a brilliant instance of physical humour.  At least no one was watching.  And, there was moss on the bottom step.
John recognised the melody from
“He said he’d been paid for some big case and if he gave it to me then he wouldn’t have to waste time thinking about rent every month.  I was pretty delighted, I can tell you, but afterwards…well.  That’s why I tried to give you your rent money back,” she said.
“That was marvellous," I said, patting my stomach and smiling.  I considered the name Turner.  It was familiar, but I could not recall why.  "Who is Mrs Turner?”
“Do you even know?”  He flung his arms back in mirth.
“I had Billy put it in when he fetched the hansom,” he answered, striding towards the east doors of the abbey.  “As for the contents, I had him assemble those after he sent the telegram.”
“Will do,” Greg said with a half wave and stepped into the hall.  He leaned in around the door frame, phone to his ear and stared at the drawings a couple seconds more.  “You two really are made for each other,” he said.  “Allô, Jean-Pierre...oui...”  He gave us a nod and left, voice receding down the stairs.
I coughed and leaned forwards, glanced from side to side.  All the fires, were being extinguished, with water and dirt, tamped down by boots.
“If I might,” I said, “but after the examination.”
“There weren’t,” John said.  “It was a black raincoat.  Nicely tailored, but no trim at all.”
Sherlock explained that the boatman or one of his brothers was always poling on the part of the river that ran through the Manor and would have been waiting for late-comers on the other bank on an evening such as this.  Being late was bad form, he added, but someone always was.
The harp fell silent.
I whistled the same tune and followed directly behind Sherlock.
Sherlock leaned over my shoulder, his face next to mine.
“What sort of ingredients would be spoiled by iron?” I asked.
“How…what are the stitchers?”
Sherlock waggled the flask at me.  “We did, but that was over an hour ago.”
“Black, black, black is the colour
“Not at all,” I protested.  “A physician has so much knowledge that can be put to ill use.”
I felt a thump on the mattress.  The vibrations drew closer.  I flung my arm behind me, swatting blindly.
Sherlock’s fingers fluttered along the edge of the cloth and unfastened the simple brooches in one corner.  “There,” he said, around the one he was holding between his lips. He drew the cloth over my obvious interest in what was under his, and pinned it in place.  He secured the other side and stood back.
A pigeon pecking around her feet had become the focus of Ms Swann’s gaze.  “No,” she said softly.
I wasn’t sure I could speak, but the curiosity was as bright as the pain.  “The others?” I managed to grit out.
“Aurora, Siròc has arrived and Duneyrr has sniffed out a strong current.”
He landed across the gunwale with a crack that I feared were his ribs.  He drove the spear deep into whatever was beneath the water.  It pulled him forward as he twisted and turned the harpoon, his legs clamped about the seat.
“Doesn’t explain where everyone else is,” I said from the loo.  “Never mind.  You and I haven’t been out together in a while.”
When I stepped into the courtyard to meet Mrs Hudson for our excursion, it was a little past mid-day.  Sunlight beamed through the bright blue gaps between the drifting clouds overhead and glittered in the spray from the fountain.  I noted that it was the demure fountain that I have often walked past if I cut through the courtyard to the kitchen or sit on one of the benches along the walls to read.  I glanced up towards my bedroom, its windows still wreathed in white roses despite the season, and took a deep breath of the fragrant air.
“Not when I have a better solution,” I insisted.
“Within reason.  This has been way beyond reasonable.”  I raised my legs up around his thighs. Relief flooded through me as he settled between them.  So cool.
“Use those thoughts,” he murmured, lips brushing the tip of my ear.  He stepped away.
They were a licence to look and I made full use of it.  Well, not full.
I took my seat and Corvus glanced at me as though to beg my pardon for excluding me from his pleading looks.
Nothing rattled that I could hear.
He kissed one arse cheek and then the other.
“Jump now, John.  We aren’t far from the ground.”
Who was he really?  How well did he know Sherlock?
Sherlock pivoted to face the house.
I nodded.
John looked over the top of the newspaper.  “No, why?”
John grasped at Sherlock’s hip with an oily hand and guided Sherlock closer.  “Just feel it for a while,” John said as Sherlock settled astride his thighs.
“Lift your eyelid just a little,” my brain wheedled.
I checked the sky.  There was not a hint of moon.  The Tube always worked best when I was not behind schedule.  I squared my shoulders and headed north.
Don’t care.
But he failed.
“You may choose your term,” he replied.
“Hey, I was pretty good in anatomy class,” John replied.
“I didn’t.  He happened to walk through the park after you had retrieved the box, your glow bright on his phone.  So I did some investigative listening,” Mycroft replied.  “You know he writes, don’t you?  Has a little following on the internet.” Mycroft ruffled his feathers.  “Far from the magnitude of Father’s darling, but writers are dangerous, and the internet makes them even more so than the printing press did.”
I loaded another bolt and shot a metre beyond where Sherlock had impaled the creature.
I set my plate aside, stood and retrieved my harp from below the window seat of Summer.
Eyes dilating, John thought.  He let out a long, slow breath.
I peered into the dark corners, squinted at the shadows at the side of the stone ledge.  There were several baskets there, covered with straw mats.  From one a spray of white roses hung over the edge.  They looked like ones from my balcony.  There was one red bloom on a thick, thorny stem entangled with them.  Blood red.
Smiling in return, I exhaled.  “'The Man with the Twisted Lip’ is one of my favourite chronicles of your adventures.”
Mycroft rolled the document and tied a green ribbon around it.
“I didn’t see anything when I looked over the bannister.  I only heard the two of you talking, but when she stepped into the sitting room, I thought her coat was trimmed in feathers.  When she moved her hands, there seemed to be feathers waving about her cuffs.”
Sherlock stared at John.  “What did you do?”
He nodded once more.
“And you’re going to like what we need to do once the bands are on,” he added, lifting his leg off me and sitting up.  “At first, anyway.”
“You cannot be the wrong, bloody key,” I hissed at it.
Sherlock looked up from the bundle of post he was checking.  “You must be Alan, the neighbour with the row boat.”
In the till, his coins melted away.
"Then you couldn't have got here before me..."  Lestrade narrowed his eyes.  "...unless you...?"
“You have a nice way with words, John,” Mrs Hudson said, “and, if I’m not mistaken, there are a few figures in among the branches on your walls that weren’t there before.”
Sherlock slipped his hands under John’s balls and soaped them thoroughly.  “And you don’t?”
“I would come and drink from you in your silken bonds,” Sherlock continued.  He held John tight against him.  “Or I would squeeze inside with you, so there would be no other space, just you, and me pressed into every nook and cranny of you.”
I gaped at the door and then at Sherlock.  He smiled at me.  “Want to try it again?” he asked.
I’m trying not to, there are so many knives on the table.
“Oh,” Sherlock said, sliding from his seat.  “Possibly one more reason why we won’t need video from the Round Pond.”  He plucked his scarf from the table, his coat from his chair.
“That’s definitely him,” I replied and could not suppress my smile.
“Ta, all the same,” I added.
Haven’t seen all of it.
The light was disappearing from the sky when I awoke.  The drawback to staying up until a winter dawn is that one can sleep through the next day entirely.  I opened the balcony doors a crack and closed them fast.  A day for jumpers and extra logs on the fire.
“If we could,” Sherlock replied.
I zipped up my bag.  “A&E is pretty intense in a big city,” I said.
Sherlock let down the gangway.
I used to gamble.  I’d wager on all sorts of things:  the football, the horses, darts, snooker, rugby, cricket, boxing.  I even bet on an election one time.  In England, one can bet on anything, but the medium in which I most preferred to practice my vice was cards.  I have a knack for them and they’re portable.  Far away from betting shops, in places where the internet was spotty or non-existent, I could pull out a pack of cards and there could be a game - with colleagues, or friends, or strangers.  Together, we could take a small break from the world, and, of course, we could bet.
He smiled a little at that.
“Then, it was.  Now a walk through the blooming hills of Spring brings me to my flat.”
“I think Angelo would be pleased.”
Sherlock had stopped singing.
Lust does strange things to perception.  I don't want to act on my own wishful thinking and offend him.
“But it would only last until they arrived in Hugh Town, unless they were clever enough to preserve their hopeful illusions by making some excuse of seasickness or expense and never putting any of it to the test,” Holmes remarked and began scraping out his pipe into his empty tea cup.
Sherlock held his flask out in front of me.
Greg was still listening intently to whatever Sherlock was saying.
“Why don’t I put that up in your room for you, Doctor…John?” Mrs Hudson said and tapped my other arm.
“Puck!”
Chapter 6:
A young woman in a white lab coat was crouched on the floor picking up surgical tools that were scattered all about her.  She dropped several on a metal tray near her.
“Ah,” I murmured again, but did not say aloud that I felt the first suspect had entered upon the stage.  I read quietly on.
“I’ve never tried,” I replied, continuing to shuffle the cards overhand.  “Can you?”
Truth be told, I was drinking more than eating, but most of all, I was staring into the fire.  I was sitting between it and Sherlock, who was seated behind me on a tree stump, his knees either side of my shoulders.  Every few minutes, I'd hold my hands out to the flames, take them away when the leather of my gloves grew too hot, but I hadn't been able to shake the chill that seemed to have taken up residence in my bones.
Sherlock flushed the toilet.
He pinched the end of a sleeve and pulled the cloth away.
“It’s his many times great grand-sire,” she said.  “Over the years, lots of people, like my parents, set off to find their fortunes beyond the boundaries of the Manor.  Their descendants have a way of making their way back in time.  A yearning for it seems to linger in the blood.”
“They kept little Bridget
He pulled away and slid lower.  “Late February, a few centuries ago,” he said before his voice was muffled by my balls.
Sherlock rose and stood behind me.  “It happens sometimes.”
I pulled the coverlet off the bed, gathered it around me and shuffled to his side.
I cleared my throat to make my announcement and stalled.  Without an introduction, I was unsure how I should address him, what honorific he might prefer.
"Lestrade and Detective Constable Dupin will have joined Barrows near the lodge by now.  Shall we go down and begin?” Sherlock asked.
“Any chance of deposition?” I asked.
“How did she sound?” Sherlock asked, glancing along the street, then turning and striding towards a slip off the canal at the side of the building.
My eyes flew open and I reached for the dagger that I didn’t have.  Damn!
“My father was angry that the vet said that in front of me.  I was tall for my age and he probably thought I was older than twelve.  I remember going cold, and leaning over Redbeard and whispering in his ear, ‘Change.  Change now!’  And he looked up at me, with sad, sad eyes and I realised that he couldn’t.  Because of the pain or the painkillers, I don’t know, but he couldn’t.  Right then, I realised that for a dog he was old, but for a boy he wasn’t.  They needed to do surgery, or if they had to amputate the leg, he would heal with care.  We would care for him.  I would care for him.  I’d seen three-legged animals occasionally and I begged my father to have the vet try to save him, assured him that Redbeard was stronger, and younger, than they realised.  Barely older than me, I told them.  And I was crying and ready to carry him out of the surgery to a kinder vet who would fix my best friend, but they wouldn’t let me.  They said I was hurting him by trying to move him and my father dragged me away and Redbeard was ‘put to sleep’.”
“You see why I needed to copy it over before sending it to you,” he said, “but, other than skipping some descriptions of our pastimes and mending a few errors in spelling, I have transcribed my observations exactly as I wrote them there, in the House of Usher.”  He drew in an audible breath, his voice dropping when he spoke again.  “Several times I nearly abandoned it.  When I would re-read the previous day’s entry, my words seemed fantastical even to my own eyes, but words were all I had to capture, to preserve, what I saw and heard and…felt, so that I might try to understand…”
How much does a ghost weigh?
I glanced at Lestrade before running after Sherlock.
She placed a slice of warm cake, full of fruits and nuts, on a small dish and put that next to my tea cup.  “We all knew.”
Jim smiled and patted his pocket. “Oh, come on, Will. You must have noticed what good care I take of everything I own.”
When Sherlock awoke, at four in the morning, Jim was seated across the table, thumb-thumb-thumbing his phone. “Full marks for communication skills,” Jim said. Sherlock looked at the laptop between them and thought about whether he could safely reach for it.
people who’ve made molecular neurothaumatology
Sherlock slept fitful and uneasy and when morning broke in wet gray smudges he gave up and made coffee. The messenger with his delivery was late, which happened sometimes but now it was happening after Jim had told him
(See the end of the chapter for
I gazed into his face; I could not look away. I would not. His lips had parted and even by the candle’s light I could see that his color was high.
One evening, John gets home from work, opens the door of his flat, and sees, on the table that came with three chairs too many, a padded shipping sleeve; it proves to contain a potions vial, and to have had lying under it an envelope. He sets down the vial, takes it up, sets it down again. His head is swimming with anger. The envelope is addressed to “Dr. John Watson,” in the architecturally neat hand in which Sherlock makes notes on his experiments. “‘Doctor,’” John says aloud, “you bastard,” and tears open the envelope.
Last night he had asked only the one question, though many others came to mind:
He blows out air. He brought home with him a heat-to-eat supper: roast chicken, mashed potatoes, salad. He takes out the chicken and potatoes, places the salad to one side. No sound emerges when he tries to speak, so he clears his throat, tries again: he casts Toasty.
Mr Wing was naturally perplexed by these events; I told him that Wiggins was my apprentice, and he was satisfied. One so often has occasion to observe how many people are willing to accept, as an explanation for unusual behavior, a statement which is nothing of the sort.
He can’t even look at the vial, or the note. He can hear his breathing, irregular and convulsive though his face is dry. He had thought he was all right, had thought he was getting used to this life (
— Native American saying”
“No, Doctor, you didn’t ‘help me get up.’ You stood, you bent your knees and held me under the armpits, and then you more or less dead-lifted me.”
He set the feather knife in its sheath and buckled it on; then he went to assist the physician, as usual. Only when his employer said, “Where’s your cane?” did John realize that it, along with his limp, was gone.
. . . On exhibit were twenty-four photographs. Sherlock had seen most of them before, or rather had seen images of them, as part of his education in Rockham’s collecting habits.
He closed the book, laid it on the table beside the bed, and turned toward me. He took my hand — the hand closer to him; it was the right hand, which I had pressed into a fist — and touched his lips to each knuckle from thumb to smallest finger.
I reflected that it would be impossible to deflect his train of thought from its destination; but, despite the anxieties I felt on that score, I could not help but smile at him.
With no mains power, there was no surveillance.
Then he remembers that extraordinary, casual power: the moment when his leg injury simply . . . went away. He had thought it meant something to Sherlock too; but all it really signified, apparently, was its own offhandedness.
“The animate and I had quarreled. She ran away. I took a kitchen knife and pursued her until I caught her at the Ladies’ Bathing Pond, where I used the knife to slash her throat. I made no attempt to get help of any kind but only watched as she bled to death. Her name was Galatea.”
So there was nothing for it. Perhaps the imaginings I had written down and put into print would appall him; he might even leave me. But that was a
Jim sighed. “Are you sure? Really truly absolutely sure?”
Getting Sherlock to swear is always a win. John takes his mouth off his cock to reply, “Hard as a rock, though, aren’t you,” and presses his knuckles into Sherlock’s taint, with the entirely intentional side effect of another, somewhat gentler, tug on his balls that makes him groan and throw his head back on the mattress. It wouldn’t take much more to bring him off, but suddenly John wants to feel Sherlock’s hot skin under him, wants to lick at the patch of sweat that always forms on his neck when he’s close to coming; he climbs onto the bed and crawls up Sherlock’s body to kiss him and suck at his mouth and nip at the base of his throat.
It was immediately apparent what had excited his indignation. The Commons were about to vote on the Representation of the People Act; they were expected to pass it, and if the Lords followed suit, the long campaign in favor of woman suffrage would have been largely won. Holmes was generally indifferent to the swirl of politics except inasmuch as it informed his cases — but Lord Curzon, in opposition to the Act, had cited “the well-known views of no less an intellectual and scientific eminence than Sherlock Holmes.”
He leaves the house, not looking back at Beakley.
“What, to be a mollusc?”
“Second question first: tonight, because this is a public event so I had a hope of approaching you without your bodyguard grinding my face into the pavement and kicking my ribs in. First question second: you, because I have researched you, and I know that you sometimes do business with persons who can’t be properly background checked. Therefore another avenue of insight would be worth a great deal to you. Even a fraction of that great deal, directed my way, equals a lot of money. I like my face, I like my ribs, and I like money. Will those answers serve?”
“Time off! And plenty of it. No more Monday counseling service, Tuesday counseling service, Wednesday counseling service. Thursdays, Fridays, and weekends only. And pretty soon we’re going to be adding some variety to your weekend nights.”
John looks around. Sherlock found wallpaper exactly like the old wallpaper, and together they had made a new smiley face in the wall, but the coffee table has rounded corners, and the stairs up to his old bedroom are gated at foot and head. The rebuilt kitchen cabinets have locks. All this has been done with conscious purpose: Sherlock’s purpose. For the first time, John considers that he has been spending almost all his free hours at the task of restoring what, if anyone had asked him, he would have said was
Setting the needle at his left forearm one day, right forearm the next, meticulous to preserve his veins:
Sherlock has been frowning at the DI throughout this speech. “Practitioner? You’re not looking for a practitioner, for God’s sake. You’re looking for a sculptor.”
is gone, no, the time for hiding had never been. He takes his hands away and forces himself to meet Sherlock’s gaze, meets it with all the frightened, naked feeling he had been too cowardly to expose.
The man at the computer clicked on the folder designated “Weird.” There were half a dozen subfolders inside: fewer than he might have expected. But — “Molls, you didn’t like that one?” he said.
Needle in, needle through, needle up and out, tie.
To stare out the window: how much? Not to stare at all: obviously an artifice, Sherlock thought, the way one might avoid looking at anything for which one's hunger was too sharp. He had not used to look at the strongbox where Wiggins kept his stock, for instance.
But how could he be expected to think about laundry when there was always some business to take care of first?
Vomit again. Vomit vomit vomit. Bile. Saliva rope, viscous, shining between his chin and the hand he had just wiped his mouth with. Disgusting. And now the sweat. He took off his clothes: he could shower later but sweat-soaked clothes would be a giveaway.
On Tuesday evening, Sherlock managed to stand up long enough to take a shower, though afterward the shakes and cold sweats came back. At least he was lying in the bed now instead of on the floor outside the loo. Everything hurt. Eating remained out of the question.
but at the thought
“I did think you seemed heavy. Practicing civil disobedience, were you?”
I thought, feeling them,
” pouring out on his breath.
. Blast, I am doing it again. Very well: Holmes and I had, about a year prior to that memorable September day, become lovers — Labouchère Amendment and Society for the Suppression of Vice be damned.
I admitted that this was so.
“Trial me, then,” she said, more calmly. “Can
Perhaps, too, I did have some faint hope of — in both senses — diverting him, for I said: “Not to put too fine a point upon it, I grew rather desperate for ready cash, and as I was not a Guardsman — ”
Which, actually, is a shade away from genuine hurt at John’s unwillingness to tell him, so John gives his hand a squeeze and decides to have mercy. “Ah, you’ll laugh. The first really terrific sex I ever had was on an army cot, back when I was a new recruit. I was young and horny and I guess I imprinted on the damn things.”
because why not, it was exactly the sort of thing he’d find amusing, in a small way, not as much as shooting someone in the kneecaps, of course, or the less sensuous but more intellectually satisfying project of building a criminal empire, still one takes one’s pleasures where one finds them, and by the time Sherlock’s doorbell rang, twelve minutes and approximately thirty-nine seconds late by the laptop clock, he was trembling and had barely a cuticle to his name.
He returned more swiftly, if possible, than he had arrived.
Night after night John stood beside the avenue where Sherlock had first spoken in his ear; he watched the carriages and the velvet-clad riders pass by, and through the cries of the footmen, the ringing of hooves against cobblestones, the ceaseless tumult of the homeward crowds that jostled him, he listened and listened for that voice.
“Something like that.”
Thought
rashers and a nautical commemorative plate depicting, in migrainously bright colors — a
“Now. Tell me what it is about cots.”
“I have no idea,” Sherlock said. “Someone may have appropriated it by now.” In the distant past he had taken a man’s head between his hands and rubbed his groin (his cock: soft or hard) against it. More than one man’s head, though each on a separate occasion. Now he felt as though he could half-hear a line of music that he once knew intimately. If he turned his head he could catch the direction from which it came to him. He could follow it —
“Then, the something beneath me pushed upwards, lifting me out of the water with a mighty splash.  The sky roared.  My throat felt as though I shouted, but I could not hear my voice.  There was a flash. For an instant, I saw what buoyed me up. When the darkness returned, the afterimage of the lightning was a faint red ghost upon it.  I could see nothing else, but I could feel the feathered beast beneath me and I locked my arms around its broad chest and pulled my legs from the water.  Its wings rose halfway on either side of me and the red-tinged darkness disappeared.  I felt the heat rising through the feathers, the muscles working the legs and the wide, webbed feet.  The sky bellowed.  I held my breath, waiting for the lightning, hoping it would not hit the water through which we sped.  And then I woke up.  Rain was beating against my windows.  The seagulls were screeching on the canal.”
“Yes, nurse,” John replied and turned.
There was a flush creeping up his cheeks.
It was an odd response, dropping his arms to his sides was what I had expected him to do so that I could remove the shirt completely.  The position reminded me of a bird shaking water from its wings and I found myself waiting for him to waggle his fingers to cast off the final drops.
