Cas just glared at him for a moment, his fingertip pressed to Dean’s lips, and Dean’s brain immediately stopped functioning. Cas had his finger. On Dean’s mouth. His
“It’s hot in here today, isn’t it?” Cas asked, the angel who was indifferent to temperature. He grinned and lifted his right hand to his tie and pulled on the knot, Dean’s eyes chasing every movement. “Should I open the top button?”
Dean didn’t like to admit when he was being a coward, but he was pretty sure it was pure cowardice that had made him tell Cas to back off. He’d panicked a little, suddenly struck with the urge to grab Cas’ hand and suck harder, to lick each finger while looking him in the eyes, to get to his knees, to bend over the counter.
“Uhm, sorry sir, but you got...,” Their waiter pointed to his own nose and then at Dean who took a few seconds to cotton on before he made a silent “oh”, and used the napkin to wipe away the last bits of foam.
“There are a number of water-dwelling creatures that have preferences for children. It may take some time to rule it out. What was the description?” Cas asked.
“Well, I was gonna check out that new show on Netflix. Wanna hang out and watch with me?” Dean asked, biting his lower lip. And just like that Cas’ composure was half-shot again. He should refuse, retreat and gather his thoughts. That’s what a smart angel, a warrior of heaven would have done. But what came out of Cas’ mouth instead was, “Okay, I’ll make the popcorn.”
“What did you do?” Dean looked fascinated and disgusted at the same time, and Cas metaphorically patted himself on the back, because not only was the story distracting Dean, it was also a great boner killer.
Nothing in his long, long life had prepared him for this. Something so pure, the lightest contact of skin on skin, and yet it had felt like a punch to the gut. Getting disintegrated by Lucifer had nothing on the impact of touching Dean Winchester’s lips.
Cas narrowed his eyes and stretched his hand out as if to show it off. “The human hand is a delicate and yet sophisticated design. A marvel of natural engineering really. Finesse and strength, perfectly balanced. They can caress as soft as a feather, or pick a fully grown man up and toss him around like a ragdoll.” He half-shrugged, “At least when combined with my grace. They are my second favourite part of the human vessel.” He flexed his fingers.
Dean, wide eyed and barely breathing, licked his lips. Cas felt his vessel move, seemingly without any permission, and Dean wasn’t running away, although part of Cas thought maybe he should, or maybe it was Cas who should stop and try to resist. Or maybe-
Lush lips glistening with residual moisture. Soft, white foam framing the delectable curve of Dean’s upper lip.
This time Cas didn’t hesitate. He lifted his hand. Dean startled, but didn’t fight it, as Cas brushed over Dean’s lower lip and outward, swiping away the remnants of chicken wings and his own sanity. Dean’s chin sagged as he watched Cas stick the thumb into his own mouth to lick off the sauce.
The corners of Cas’ eyes crinkled slightly as he narrowed his gaze, and Dean licked his lips in anticipation. Cas set the spoon down and then used his finger to wipe the last drops of melted ice cream from the dish. Dean opened up. Cas slid his finger into his mouth.
“I’ve seen you do it.” Cas thought for a second. “I’ve seen you do worse. Besides, it's not like I’m actually going to eat it.”
Slowly, Cas raised his hand until it was eye level, brushing his thumb against the pad of his pointer. He closed his eyes.
Dean leered. “And they showed you their gratitude all night until your vessel was worn out and the king found you in the bedroom in the morning? What a way to go, man!”
The angel leaned on the doorway, one eyebrow cocked in a way that brought back flashes of Cas in Bobby’s kitchen, threatening to throw him back into hell. Just as Dean had then, he didn’t look away.
They didn’t have to wait for a table, thankfully. The server was a scrawny dude with a bit too much energy, but enough sense to not try to make more conversation than was necessary. Dean absently gave him a friendly smile, and the guy blinked and cleared his throat before rattling off the beer specials. After he took their order, Dean ducked into the men’s room quickly. When he returned, there was a mug of draft beer in front of his spot, and another in front of Castiel.
Dean hadn’t felt this boneless and satiated in… in years. If then. He let Cas help him redress, and returned the favor, then by unspoken agreement they made their way to Dean’s room, and Cas sat next to him on the bed while Dean curled up next to him to sleep. All his problems seemed unimportant for once, the search for Lucifer, his awkward relationship with his mother, even the annoying question of what the Brits wanted, all of it, felt like problems for another person.
Cas lifted the corner of the page and rubbed it between his fingertips as though he was gauging the quality of the paper. Dean ran his tongue along his bottom lip, remembering the feel of his fingertip there the night before. Had Cas gauged the quality of his skin? Had he found it wanting?
Dean nodded, dragging his eyes from Cas. He spotted the popcorn on the floor and grabbed a handful and shoved it in his mouth as a distraction.
“Don’t you dare!” Dean growled and caught him in another bone melting kiss, only interrupted by pleas for
He started slow, holding Cas’ cock by the base as he slid it along his tongue to rest at the roof of his mouth, then out again, tightening his lips and sucking gently as he took him in again. The smell of Cas filled his head, a bright, ozone smell mixed with a warmer, clean musk that was human, but not quite. Dean closed his eyes, let his fist meet his lips as he took Cas in again and again, his tongue stroking along the underside, his lips kissing the tip.
The return of Ricky with the doggie bag for the pie somewhat helped because it was the equivalent of a bucket of ice water. By the time Dean had settled the bill, Cas felt it was safe to get up from behind the cover of the table and walk to the car without upsetting the delicate balance of friendship between them, or breaking the local public decency by-laws for that matter.
Cas returned to the map room, a heavy book in his hands. He stopped next to Dean and set it on the table, flipping it open.
Dean walked into the library, carrying a plate full of pie and a fork. Oh, this was so unfair! He wasn’t done thinking this through.
Sam murmured something and Cas responded, breaking Dean out of his trance. He turned his eyes back to his book, biting on his pen cap as he tried to focus. But as several more minutes passed with no further progress, he finally had to throw in the towel. He was better off elsewhere. Rising suddenly, he mumbled his excuses and headed into the kitchen to start supper.
And that reminded him he was a little short on lube, so he sent Cas for toothpaste so he could grab a tube and shove it under the other bottles without him noticing.
When Cas glanced down, he saw the head of Dean’s cock poking over the top of his waistband, glistening with moisture. He stared at it before searching for Dean’s eyes.
“Ahh,” Cas said. “Just one moment.” He found the right page and stopped. “It sounds like… yeah. It’s probably a-”
Dean’s eyes looked, unseeing, at the side of Cas’s head. He blinked, tried to look away, but his gaze caught on Cas’ collar, before sliding across his shoulder and down his arm until his eyes reached Cas’ wrist. His sleeves were pulled back due to the angle of his arm, each layer shorter than the next, tan coat giving way to dark suit jacket, then white shirt, then finally the bones of his wrist, dusted lightly with dark hair. Dean’s eyes crossed trying to go further, so he closed them.
“Still good?” Someone asked, who turned out to be Cas. He barely recognized his own voice. Surely his voice wasn’t this...
Dean hadn’t actually had anything in mind to watch, so he scrolled mindlessly through Netflix until Cas came in with the popcorn. He had left his coat and jacket somewhere else, and was just in his white button down, the sleeves rolled up to reveal his forearms. Dean blinked at the unfamiliar sight. Cas looked practically naked. He sucked in a breath before turning to the TV and just clicking on the first thing he recognized, some show about psychics he’d overheard some people in Hollywood talking about.
Dean nodded vehemently, hands twitching where they still rested on his thighs, clearly dying to reach out, but not daring because Cas had told him to put them there.
Dean’s lips parted faintly and he breathed out a little through his mouth. Out, then back in again, and Cas’ finger shifted, pressed more firmly and slid down slightly, causing Dean’s lower lip to open a bit further. Cas’ finger dragged downwards, and Dean could feel it brush against the inside of his lip.
Cas leaned forward, closing the small amount of space between them that still remained. He paused, a fraction of an inch from Dean’s mouth. “This might change things between us, Dean. Are you sure?”
“Morning everyone. I’m just out the door. Cas, did you find anything?” Mary asked as she walked into the kitchen and poured herself a cup of coffee.
“No, thank you, Mary. Although I enjoyed pizza during my brief stint as a human, unfortunately, I find it rather tasteless these days.”
Usually, his body was under his control. His grace, weak as it was these days, maintained the vessel without any need for ablutions or sustenance. He sometimes showered because he liked the sensation of warm water on skin. Just like he drank coffee or beer because he enjoyed it; a leftover from when he had been fully human. An indulgence. A guilty pleasure. Only neither of these things made him feel guilty. There was just pleasure, pure and simple.
-” Dean groaned before Cas leaned over and made Dean taste himself until Dean chuckled into the kiss. Cas pulled back a little and raised an eyebrow.
“We’ll be fine. You two had better get back to figuring out whatever the hell is up with you,” Sam gestured between them before he made a beeline for the exit.
It was barely an hour later when Dean heard the door open. When Mary’s boots appeared on the steps leading down to the map room, he stood up, meeting her at the bottom and taking the pizza boxes from her, before offering her a quick, one-armed hug.
Cas plunged his tongue deeper into Dean’s mouth, greedily drinking in every sound. One hand had come to rest on Dean’s neck, pulling him closer while his other rested on Dean’s hip. Something brushed against Cas’ lower arm and Dean groaned into the kiss.
There was a lovely shade of pink stretching across the bridge of Dean’s nose all the way to his ears. It made him look, for want of a better word, vulnerable, and something about that made Cas’ pulse speed up.
“I should think so. But I wasn’t possessing him any more at the time. I feel bad about that sometimes.”
“I just got a text from Mom, she says she’s on her way here, and wants to know if she should bring pizza,” Sam announced.
And as soon as it started, it was over. Cas’ finger was gone, and Dean opened his eyes and blinked, the light of the room suddenly blinding.
Cas’ fingers wove into Dean’s hair, and he draped his arm over his lap, and for once, Dean fell into a dreamless sleep.
Dean’s eyes went wide before he dug into his chicken wings, and a whole new world of agony/amazing opened up in front of Cas. He barely noticed the return of Ricky who stayed just long enough to leave the pie. Maybe he had sensed he had overstepped some boundaries, or maybe it was because Dean seemed to be laser-focused on his food. Either way, he was gone and good riddance. It meant there were no more unnecessary distractions while Cas watched Dean devour the wings. The very saucy, sticky, messy wings. Cas hadn’t really thought this through. He was suddenly acutely aware that his vessel had very human reactions to certain…
“I see. You want this?” Cas pushed two fingers between Dean’s unresisting lips, pulling them in and out, letting him suck and lick to his heart’s content while his other hand tightened his grip. Dean moaned around the digits, sending ripples along Cas’ skin straight to his cock, still trapped in his clothes and begging for attention. But there would be time for that later. This was for Dean.
They finally made their way to the food section, and Dean managed to get through the list despite Cas curiously pressing a finger into the cling-wrap covered roasts and ground beef, and squeezing the mangos and Christ on a cracker, the fucking bananas and Dean just gave in and gave the keys to Cas and told him to go start the car because it was probably cold.
Number one, Dean’s mouth was driving him crazy. Whether the man was talking, or eating, or smiling, or feeling soft and warm under Cas’ touch… Which led to number two, his vessel was reacting to aforementioned crazy in ways that were both distracting and unnerving.
“They’re very similar, though,” Cas said, flipping a page back and forth. “It looks like the method to kill it is the same either way. You need a-”
, part of Cas’ brain supplied while the rest was busy scrambling for words. What were words again? Human communication was so...oh…
Cold days called for warm meals, and Dean had everything he needed for a pot of chicken soup. It was much easier to concentrate in the kitchen, away from Cas, and soon he was humming as he chopped carrots and diced onions, stirred the simmering broth, and rolled out dough for biscuits to go on the side.
Castiel followed the alpha, grinning widely. He had no idea how Dean did it. One second he was all commanding alpha sex god, the next he looked like a schoolboy full of mischief. Not to mention that Castiel had also seen his caring side and just now he got a peak at the ferocious wolf looming under that wonderfully dominant alpha scent.
unconscious. And I am sure Dean would have made our group split up anyway. It’s a good plan.” Jack didn’t look too happy, so Castiel added: “And maybe we will be fast enough to catch up with you on our way back, and we can return to the camp together.”
. There were some outraged undertones, but Dean obviously had superhuman control over his scent at the moment. Castiel basked in the sheltered feeling it sparked in him.
“What are you going to do to me?” Castiel knew that this time he did not manage to keep the fear out of his voice. He gripped the hilt of his dagger like a lifeline. If he waited for the right moment, he might have a chance.
The alpha let out a long breath. He was almost overwhelmed by the understanding in Castiel’s eyes. The omega should be repulsed by him; he should not pity him.
Castiel did not like the flirting; not at all. Every time Castiel left late and did not see Dean at his desk, he felt a slight sting of jealousy, convinced that Dean was enjoying himself with a pretty beta girl or, even worse, another omega. Then he was angry at himself since Dean could do whatever he pleased. And he had heard enough gossip in the corridors to assume Dean was not averse to one-time flings, even though the alpha had seemingly never started anything with a co-worker. He did not know why, but that thought satisfied Castiel somewhat.
Dean winked and then left to the adjoined room. Just before the door closed, he said: “And I am sure you want to meet your sister right away.”
Castiel nodded, and Dean felt a little dizzy. He would have never expected this to happen: The Veenah omega prince was not only a total badass, but also obviously the perfect mate for him. He nibbled a little at Castiel’s jaw and felt the omega’s hands beneath his clothes again, this time wandering over his back.
For a second, Dean looked unsure if he had just been insulted – but when Castiel grinned, he responded in kind. Castiel’s smile widened a little bit. Who would have thought, three weeks ago, how effortlessly a rebel leader and a royal prince got along?
“Since my mate works in the legal department, I don’t think he is likely to be the one of us who will mix up the paperwork.” The beta frowned even more at that, but wisely refrained from any comment. He just let out a nervous laugh.
There was a little pause, and everyone stared at Castiel for a moment. Sam’s jaw dropped, Gabriel snickered, and John furrowed his brows. To Dean, it all felt surreal. When did his shy omega become so forward? And what happened to not make a spectacle on arrival?
here.” He leaned forwards and pressed his lips on Castiel’s, hard and quick. “But be careful. Let’s not do anything too obvious, none of us.” Castiel was relieved; he had not anticipated Dean would be convinced so easily. Dean’s hand stroked over Castiel’s arm, then he took his hand and kissed him on the palm in a way that sent a shiver down Castiel’s back. “But can you do me a favour, baby? Let’s not talk about Uriel or the murder or some clever plan to get me out for the rest of the night.” Dean kissed the tip on every finger of Castiel’s right hand. Then he sucked Castiel’s index into his mouth and Castiel shuddered when he felt the light scratch of teeth. If Dean had wanted to divert him from the matter at hand, he was doing a damn good job. Especially when Dean’s other hand rubbed over Castiel’s neck and up his scalp in a way that had the omega lean into the touch like a cat. Dean knew him too well by now. “You know, jail is not fun. I was starting to think of myself a monk. Cold walls, a hard bed, and that whole celibacy-thing.”
“Cas and I will go on to Loki. The rest of you, you need to move away from here as quickly as possible. Find some place to hide. Then move back to the camp after you have rested.”
“Yeah, well, I don’t believe in that. I myself own a small garage, Sammy here is a lawyer and Crowley does … something with investments and mindlessly pushing some money around.”
The day before had exhausted him to the core. Spending over two hours in a kitchen with no other company than Naomi and Alastair had been anything but fun – those two had quickly become Castiel’s least favourite omegas in Little Heaven for a reason. And even when he had been joking a few days ago, he was ready to believe those two could go on a killing spree. To Castiel, Alastair was still scary as hell, even though he hardly said anything at all during the whole afternoon, and Naomi might just eagerly punish any omega who was misbehaving with a painful death. But apart from the fact that she would never touch a precious alpha, there was another fact that made Castiel’s theory of the double-omega-murder-act very unlikely: The two detested each other. Probably even more than Castiel did.
Castiel had never expected his life to be like that. In Veenah, spouses of royal blood had formal marriages. They would have their own room and the alpha only visited his mate when he pleased. But Dean and he shared quarters, and as long as they both were in the castle, they always slept by each other’s side. And their daughter had a small room right next to theirs, which gave her the opportunity to sneak into their bed anytime she felt lonely, or got scared of the dark. And Dean, king of Winchester, did not mind at all. Without ever grumbling – too much – he usually picked the sleeping child up gently and left her in her own room after a soft kiss.
Castiel shook his head no – he was in heat. It was hard to get cold while you were in heat, and Dean knew it. The alpha just waited.
Castiel snorted. “I was very much against the idea of mating. And I didn’t like alphas. So, I probably would not even have agreed to go to Starbuck’s with you.”
At the end of their date, Dean walked Castiel to his apartment door. It was odd, accompanying someone home who lived right beneath his bedroom. And he felt like that clumsy teenager once more. He was not really sure how to say goodbye. Castiel fidgeted with the hem of his shirt and in the end, Dean brushed his lips over Castiel’s cheek.
Before he turned around, however, the alpha lifted a hand to Castiel’s face and palmed Castiel’s cheek for just a second, then let his hand stroke down over Castiel’s neck. The omega’s eyes closed on their own accord, but otherwise, he remained motionless – until he felt a cold breeze on his cheek. Dean had already started to walk away.
And that was as true as it had been yesterday. Castiel was convinced that Dean felt something for him after last night. But that did not mean there was any kind of future for them. That dream where Castiel and Dean were about to be mated suddenly seemed far away.
Naomi sat down on her executive chair, an almost disgusted expression on her face. Castiel stood a bit straighter and tried to not let his guilt show on his features. “No. This had nothing to do with the job. Just with me and Dean.”
Sam thought on that for a moment. “Yes and no. At least not the way Lucifer had anticipated. Anyway, I had been with him for some years, and got… brainwashed. Lucifer had always been kind to me, and I was too stupid to see how he treated his other wolves. How scared his pack was of him. One day, he called us all together to attack an evil fiend. Bobby Singer. He had told me some stories about how the leaders of this pack were all sadistic and dangerous and that killing them would be the right thing to do.” Castiel looked at him with wide eyes. Sam was smart – how could he simply have believed such things. But he had to admit, if he woke up in a pack and had been treated kindly by the Alpha so far, he had probably no reason to distrust him. And who said that smart people could not be stupid at times. Sam let out a humourless laugh. “Trust me, Cas, I can see the irony as well.” He licked his lips again. “Lucifer had told me that the pack was a danger to humans, that they killed in secret – and even then I had some ideas about how humans and werewolves should live together in peace. So, we sneaked to the border of this territory – and Lucifer first sent Ruby in as a spy. She came back, just before the fight started, and told me she had seen my brother. She allegedly knew his face from some photos I kept.” Sam closed his eyes, this time in shame. “She said he was one of those heartless wolves, and she planted ideas in my mind about how he had betrayed me for not letting me know he was still alive. She knew how much I had missed him; that I had felt abandoned, even when I thought it had not been his choice to leave me. She knew exactly which buttons to push. And I got so angry, Cas. I had mourned him – and here he was all healthy, and obviously part of a vicious pack. When they had riled me up as much as they could, Lucifer started the attack. Dean and I ran into each other quickly – undoubtedly orchestrated by Lucifer. It wasn’t a pleasant meeting. I was just so mad.” Sam huffed out a another humourless laugh. “And Dean was hit hard by the fact that I had been turned as well. He was definitely weakened, like Lucifer had planned. We did fight, but I believe neither of us was fully behind it. And no matter how mad I was at my brother, my wolf seemed happy to see him. Dean had finally pinned me down but seemed unsure what he should do with me --- in the end, he just turned around and left. Soon afterwards, Bobby’s pack defeated us, and we had to turn back. Those of us who still lived.”
Castiel quickly recognised Dean, who was walking between the groups, occasionally offering advice or criticism. There were others who seemed to monitor the fighting as well, Castiel could see Sam and Jody, as well as three others who walked around and watched closely.
Castiel had already noticed the night before that Crowley and Meg did not seem to be on the best of terms. He cleared his throat and asked: “Why did you go with him? I don’t mean to pry, but… You don’t seem to think very highly of the alpha…”
“Oh, that is quite all right.” Castiel turned to Robert. “You see the vegetables under the venison? That’s mostly carrots.”
. Her words. And for your other question,” Charlie’s voice became a conspiratorial whisper, “we all agreed she must be a witch. There is no other explanation.”
Castiel might have preferred to hear the words, but he had to admit his mood was a lot better than when they had left the lobby.
“Hey, Cas, wait a moment. I am truly sorry. I did not mean to indicate you can’t look out for yourself. I just don’t want to put you in unnecessary danger. That’s not supposed to be your job.”
“And it doesn’t sound like they’re going to, either.” Castiel could see that he was not the only one who was feeling a lot better. Dean seemed less grim and dangerous than he had a few moments ago. Of course, if Castiel was worried about his friends, Dean would probably be even more so, feeling like he was personally responsible for their wellbeing. “I believe we won’t even have problems to walk around that wall anymore. Sounds like they want to keep out of our way just as much as we want to stay out of theirs.”
“Let’s not get ahead of ourselves. There is quite some work to be done before we can rebuild the empire. We need an airtight plan to get rid of Michael and Lucifer first; we need to get the army under our control and disable the Royal Guard. And then we need to put an unchallenged king on the throne, who will bring peace and happiness to all. Before we even think about this new government of yours.”
Castiel swallowed and decided he would go straight to the point. He did not want to tell her he was an officer of the law yet, but maybe he could make her admit to a crime. “I-I-I thought…” he stuttered deliberately, like he was nervous – and oh-so-helpless, “I thought I knew the face. From the newspaper. I… ah… I thought it was one of the victims of that serial killer. The New Moon Killer, the press calls him.”
Castiel looked into the mirror for one last time before he would leave his apartment. He stared right into his own determined gaze for a moment, and was a little proud of himself already.
They sat in silence for a while and Jody’s face was an unreadable mask until she nodded to herself with determination, like she had come to a conclusion after an internal battle, and asked: “Why don’t you tell us what happened yesterday, Dean? Step by step.”
“You know her?” Dean asked Castiel. The omega assumed he sounded deliberately curt to make it seem like he was not nervous at all and had everything under control. Like he wasn’t angry that they had subdued his ability to shift for the moment, or worried that they could overwhelm him.
before, and he did not like to be on the receiving end of that threatening sound. Castiel raised his chin in an obvious gesture of defiance, and he might have come over to the group anyway, if Dean’s snarl had not instantly turned into an apologetic whine. So Castiel paused, and stayed where he was. For further distraction, Sam suddenly groaned and slowly rose into a sitting position.
When they were finished with a vast amount of different meats, salads and vegetables, everyone helped clearing the table or getting new plates for dessert. This was just another major difference to the family meals Castiel was used to. When Dean got a couple of soda bottles, placing one in front of himself and one for his mate, Sam glanced at his brother with an intent look that Castiel could not interpret. His mate just shrugged, a sheepish expression on his face that had a soft smile ghosting around Sam´s lips.
Dean had been so patient with him. He had taken it slow, even though Castiel was sure his Alpha would have liked to just throw Castiel over his shoulder and carry him to his bed since that first night. But he had considered that Castiel’s experiences with alphas were not all fun. And even if he had not felt so hesitant because of his past, Castiel usually took a little bit longer until he felt a physical attraction for someone. No matter what his wolf thought.
Dean winked at Castiel, but the omega was suddenly nervous. The adrenaline of being found by an old acquaintance reduced, now he had to worry about the bigger picture. A deep breath. Right. They were here on a mission of convincing Gabriel to play king for a few years. Castiel stumbled and might have fallen to the ground if Dean had not held him up quickly. Castiel’s mouth turned dry when he looked at Dean, now standing so close to him. But the alpha quickly let go of him and they followed Meg through the palace gates and up some big staircase.
But even if Castiel arrived safely at his uncle’s – he was not so sure anymore that Gabriel would agree to their plan. It seemed bold and insane – which could be in their favour since Gabriel liked
“Even though I must hurry back home, I will take responsibility for my family.” Gabriel looked at Castiel, Anna, Balthazar and finally at Dean. “I invite those three to accompany me if they chose to. And I will make sure no one gets their hands on Castiel.”
Castiel understood that Dean did not want to talk about that time, so he mentioned something else that had interested him ever since he had met Sam and Dean: “I’ve never heard about actual family members turned into wolves before. At least I have never met any.”
Still sweaty and feeling gross all over, Castiel decided he would clean himself more thoroughly this morning than he had done the previous days. It was still early – maybe he would even dare to fully walk into the water instead of just wiping a washcloth over his torso. Castiel would never say it out loud to his comrades, but he missed his bathtub. And the servants who had filled it with warm water every morning. He really had led a privileged life so far.
Castiel frowned – and as he thought back, he suddenly wasn’t so sure anymore he had seen a person. Maybe it was just the reflection of the TV screen.
“He is an old man, widowed and lonely. Maybe he just didn’t want to move from the place where he had been happy with his mate. Or maybe he likes to be surrounded by couples living in the Old Way. Who knows?”
Three weeks had passed since Castiel had written his masterpiece of a proposal letter. To both his relief and his dread, the Winchesters had accepted his offer of marriage.
“You know, Clarence, I am surprised. I thought you were the type to sneak back into your own room before dawn,” came Meg’s expected remark. “I mean, you can do whatever you want, and I’ll be the last person to judge you, but I thought you would be a little more secretive with your lover. You are still a royal omega and you’ve always been so
consisted of Castiel, Dean, Gabriel, Sam, Eileen, Balthazar, Charlie and Benny. And Castiel was deadly set on forgetting all about his worries for a few hours. This was supposed to be a fun night.
“So, Mr Novak, you are saying you were completely surprised by the return of your ex-partner? The one you left and tried to hide from while you still lived in the same town? The one, as you say, has stalked you for days --- and then you just walked into his hotel to catch up about old times?”
“And you don’t.” Castiel said softly, not liking the self-loathing on Sam’s face. From what he had heard so far, Sam hadn’t done anything wrong.
It felt almost unbelievable to Dean that Castiel had only arrived here three Moons ago. It felt like a different time. When Dean’s thoughts went back to the days before his Mate had arrived, his wolf let out an impatient bark. He tended to live in the present and didn’t care much about the past. And he certainly did not care for Dean’s strange mood, either.
practice was quite rare. For many omegas, this was some sort of safe place. It didn’t help things that Dean practically prowled towards the receptionist, telling her there was an emergency and he needed to see the doctor
Donna, as another omega, of course had no problems with Castiel’s heat to begin with. And he was thankful, even more than usual, to have her around.
Suddenly the door behind Castiel felt less solid, knowing that two detectives were standing just mere inches away from them.
Castiel concentrated, and he could hear some noise coming their way. Like a group of soldiers walking through the open forest.
Usually, Castiel disliked Michael’s stance on heats – yes, he often was weakened afterwards, but Castiel always had an urge to run around rather than stay indoors – but right now, the omega would welcome any excuse to avoid Gabriel’s sharp tongue.
“What exactly are you sorry for, Jack?” Suddenly the fear was back and tightened Castiel’s chest. Breathing suddenly felt difficult. Dean was away, gone to an Alpha meeting – had Jack planned an ambush with Lucifer? He had only two wolves with him, it would be easy to overwhelm Dean on the way if Lucifer knew where he was headed to. But how could he? Dean had not even told
While he was listening to Sam, adding a short comment here and there, Castiel tried to ignore his inner omega which was constantly whining at him to go and find his alpha. Instead of listening to his instincts, he managed to share some superficial information about himself as well – about how he had just moved here some weeks ago and how he liked his boring desk job.
Castiel blinked. That sounded reasonable. How could he have been so blind? He had thought that Dean simply had to have known what Castiel tried to do when he marked him. Before he met the detective, Castiel had never, not even in heat, felt the slightest urge to mate. But with Dean, he basically had to force himself not to mark him since the first time he had been in heat back in Little Heaven. After Uriel had constantly tried to coax him into a mating for years, Castiel had thought that his bite would be an obvious invitation for Dean. But how could Dean have known that Castiel had dreamed about a mating bond for months now? And frankly, a heat might generally not be the best time to bring it up. He hid his face in his hands with a groan.
“Well, we would not turn down any military support, sure. But the thing is, the rebels are far more than a handful of outlaws, as I am sure you know.” Gabriel raised an eyebrow at Dean, who shrugged. “Come on, you know who I am but not about the rest? Hardly believable. You know we have a chance. But once we succeed, once Michael and Lucifer are gone, we need someone else on the throne.”
“Dad! You’re up!” Jack jumped up, and hugged his father, still holding onto his sandwich with a firm grip. “Dean said you were still asleep, and we did not want to disturb you.”
The omega involuntarily nuzzled deeper into the embrace and let out a low chuckle. “You are right, it
“Yes, but in a professional please-be-comfortable-and-give-me-all-your-money kind of way; not in a lets-cheat-on-your-mate-manner. Dean knows the difference, trust me. He is way too good at it himself.”
The next day, the whole pack met at dusk behind Dean’s house. It was not fully dark yet and the sky was tinged in a beautiful shade of blue. When Dean came out, the last of the group, most shifters had already turned into wolves, only Garth and Cole still struggled with the change. Usually, it was pretty hard to keep a wolf
for a second. But when he did not respond, Lucifer added: “Don’t tell me you have not thought about it in the past. You and I, sharing a mating bond.”
“So, I hear congratulations are in order.” Crowley held out his hand to Castiel, who hesitantly took it. He didn’t know why, but Castiel would have not been surprised if the other man was trying to poison him.  Dean probably could feel his reluctance as he stepped closer behind him, settling a large hand on the omega’s shoulder. Crowley raised an eyebrow at Dean, but focused back on Castiel. “You could have done so much better in the mate department. But…” He shrugged. “…I guess it is too late for that advice. So at least I can congratulate you on your contract for Crossroads. I used to work there once, you know. Basically ran the place, made them great – not to sound immodest. So: well played.”
But Dean was already nibbling a way down Castiel’s throat and, eventually, the omega’s words turned into a soft moan.
“Hey, in an honest fight, I’ll face you anything. But old ladies, they are sneaky. And all you’re allowed to do is smile and nod. It’s just not fair”
“Anytime.” Sam squeezed Castiel’s shoulder. “Dean told me to send you to him when we are finished. I think he has the group together and he wants you to meet them. Then you need to pick up the stuff for your journey. Dean wants to leave as early as possible tomorrow morning.”
Dean winced inwardly. Sitting here and holding Castiel, he thought he could do that much. But talking? Maybe Castiel would even start asking questions about Sam. How would he survive that?
“Sleep now, babe. You can still argue with me when you feel more awake. Or when you have learned how to aim.”
Fortunately, no alphas came knocking at their door during that time – Castiel did not want to find out how Dean would have reacted to Lucifer right now, with not only the Full Moon so close, but also an omega in heat in the house.
The prince searched for soap, a washcloth and a small towel in his bag and exited the tent, cautious not to wake Donna. He waved at Claire, who was already restarting the fire for breakfast, and walked to the shallow river nearby.  The group always tried to camp near running water for washing and cooking.
“Look, son, I just wanted to bring Dean his special brake pads. I’m gonna leave them in the garage and you can tell the boy later, that Bobby came by. All right?” He started through the hall in the direction where Castiel supposed lay the garage.
“When Dean and I get mated, you could try to look a least a little bit exited to be at the bonding ceremony.”
“It’s rare. Understandably so, given that you are only allowed to Change the dying, and that less than one out of twenty even survives the Change. But look at Rowena and Crowley.” Castiel blinked in shock – he had not known those two were related. They certainly did not act like it. Dean chuckled. “Yeah, we all believe that their wolves don’t acknowledge they are mother and son, either. Or maybe they have always been like this.” He paused, and something in his tone changed when he added: “We had another pair of mother and daughter before, Ellen and Jo.”
He turned his head and one look at Dean had even more slick run out of his hole. Castiel had never seen his mate so much in the hands of his inner alpha. He could even see a glint of gold in his eyes, but he was not scared by it – because it was still Dean. And Dean would not hurt him. But as the alpha tugged at Castiel’s clothes, he was definitely rougher than he had been these last couple of days. And Castiel loved it. Loved that Dean let go again and acted on his instincts.
It was not what Castiel would have said, but he nodded anyway. “I thought you would mate me. But you didn’t.”
Even the rest of the pack was on edge because of it. Dean had looked at everyone suspiciously for a while. But even though some shifters had been scared enough to tip their heads to the side whenever Dean was around, they seemed understanding of his mood. Castiel had heard more than once that the alpha would calm down with time – especially after he was mated. Everyone seemed convinced that just the presence of Castiel would have great impact on Dean’s temper. The omega hoped they were right – in any case, it felt just like another weight pressuring down on him.
He tried not to lecture the victims about contemporary omega rights in his mind since it was futile. All four omegas were dead, and no one could say if the bonds would have lasted a life time.
But Dean’s scent had been calming. Castiel tried not to think too much about it, though. Especially because he was still puzzled by his Other.
Both Jody and Claire stared at Alex with wide eyes while Dean picked an invisible fluffball off his sleeve.
“Sorry, your Royal Highness. But for now, we have to pack. You will come with us to a new camp site. I hope you don’t mind too much that we have to blindfold you again. We are all very sorry for the inconvenience.”
“Oh, sweetie.” For the first time, Meg had completely sobered up and there was no hint of humour in her eyes as she took one of Castiel’s hands.
“To hide from Cain.” He noticed himself how weird that sounded and started to laugh again. He also noticed he must appear more than a bit hysterical. “I mean, I was watching him and then he saw me and --- whoops --- I hid from him on the floor.”
“First of all, you are definitely kick-ass materiel. Hermione would be proud of you.” Castiel’s lips twitched – before he had befriended Charlie, he had never imagined he would ever say something like that out loud. “And second, you can’t foresee what another person likes before you get to know them. Look at me and Dean. I always assumed Dean would only fall for someone who is outgoing and daring and flirtatious like he is.”
“Oh, don’t think I will forgive you so easily. But just the thought of kicking you out…” The alpha gripped Castiel a little tighter before changing the subject. “I assume we should start looking for your sister.” Castiel’s heartbeat picked up. “Anna, yes? We can send messengers to all bordering packs, even try to talk to the Romans and the Hellhounds.”
“Good.” Dean nipped roughly at Castiel’s throat, then his fingers started moving again. “Maybe you could tell me about those dreams someday.”
Castiel startled. He had been so preoccupied with his own thoughts that he had not noticed Gabriel sneaking up on him. The dark brown wolf sat down next to Castiel’s black form.
He swallowed, suddenly nervous. For whatever reason, he had not been afraid of Dean before. But sharing a tent with him, no matter how big, felt different than sharing a horse. Dean led him to a small room that looked inviting in the soft candlelight, and the canvas seemed to be at least not see-through.
Bela on the other hand did not seem surprised at all. She excused herself for a moment to get the right forms. Castiel just sat there and stared at Dean.
Castiel sagged against the hard body in front of him, and Dean’s arms tightened around him again. It sounded great. Just running away with his mate.
There was a pause again, it sounded like Sam was moving, then a door being closed, and even a lock turned.
Castiel had assumed that his abrasive tone would be enough for everyone to just leave, so he was a bit irritated when no one moved a muscle. Well, almost: Charlie raised an eyebrow at him, Eileen folded her arms, and Sam almost smiled.
When he could form a coherent thought again, he was sitting back on his heels on the pillow – and he remembered that his alpha had not finished. As he looked up, he noticed Dean had taken matters into his own hands – literally – and was pumping up and down his cock, still wet from Castiel’s saliva. He wanted to get back at it, to please his alpha like a good omega should, but one look from Dean had him sit back down and just watch.
Dean sighed theatrically and then turned fully towards Castiel for the first time since the omega had arrived.
Dean felt his wolf react to his anger with his own fury, reprimanding him for his thoughts. His wolf was protective of every member of his pack and he would not allow even Dean to think of them as a burden. Not that Dean would ever truly believe that. He valued his pack just as much as his wolf.
This time, their mating was different than any before. Dean took his time exploring and caressing the omega, worshipping every part of his body with his words and hands. Castiel had never known such loving words and gentle touches that made him melt into the mattress. Not that Dean had not shown his tender side before – but now, for the first time, neither man was affected by the edge of Castiel’s heat or the sudden outburst of Dean’s alpha. And their new bond just added to the intimacy.
(Also: sorry for not showing how exactly Dean met Jack – but I did not want to switch POV just for the ending. I might write an equally senseless time-stamp from Dean’s POV though.)
Castiel looked up in embarrassment and desperately tried to think of something witty to say. But the wrinkles around Dean’s eyes made it even harder for him to think – in the end, his face just turned slightly red, and Dean reached for the half-full coffeepot. He had to turn around a moment until he had filled his mug with the lukewarm beverage, and Castiel let his eyes wander down the alpha’s body for just a second. There was a short, awkward (or maybe that was just Castiel’s perspective) silence until Dean leaned against the counter opposite of Castiel’s chair and sighed:
“Oh, that’s not all there is to Dean-o. He knows how to have a good time. He’s quite an omeg… I mean, he appreciates the good things in life, simple things, you know.”
“And I am really glad you let me be your partner. I mean… I asked Jody on Friday if I could do it, but she meant I was probably… not the best choice. Ticked me off a bit, to be honest. But then I had thought she would ask Donna to…” He licked his lips nervously. “Well, anyway. I know this must be tough for you, but… I promise I will try to not act like a complete knothead.”
When he was finally satisfied that his pack was safe and mostly healthy, Dean knocked softly at the door to Jack’s room, and Castiel replied in a hushed voice. When the Alpha walked in, he saw that Jack was already fast asleep, albeit twitching and turning. His body had to deal with his wounds as well as getting accommodated to the new bond. It would take a lot of energy – it would probably be best if he didn’t do much more than eat and sleep for the next couple of days.
“I fear I have been a bit … forward. I am sorry for that.” Castiel felt the need to apologise. Alphas probably did not usually like it when an omega decided to switch on top, especially during heat sex.
By midday, Castiel had collected himself enough to look Dean in the eyes again. And not keep his glance on the man’s behind. Dean had slowed down a bit so they were walking next to each other. They had spent the day mostly in comfortable silence, which felt rather nice for Castiel, who had never mastered the art of idle chit-chat. It almost felt like they were old friends on a hike through the woods. The picture would have been more believable if his feet did not hurt as much, of course. Or if his stomach did not flutter anytime Dean looked his way.
Dean enjoyed the ride to the palace more than he probably should have. But after the adrenaline of the short fight with Abaddon, it felt good to have his arms wrapped around Castiel. The omega even leaned his back against Dean’s chest the whole ride, and only sometimes looked at him with a small frown, and then Dean realised he was still growling. Or maybe Castiel was just worried about the little cut on his arm. Which was ridiculous. Dean had had a lot more severe injuries in the past.
Castiel sighed when he set the phone back on the table. He knew that this whole alpha-knows-when-omega-suffers-thing could be quite practical, but sometimes he would have liked to deal with whatever inner turmoil on his own, at least for a while. Some days, he even wished Dean would be one of the many alphas who ignored their empathic bond altogether and didn’t even realise what the omega was feeling. But of course, Dean would never do such a thing and Castiel actually loved to know that the alpha would always care too much.
But when the alpha turned to him, smiled and greeted him with a cheery “Hey, Castiel. The usual?”, the omega lost his thread.
Dean kept glaring at a dark spot, where he had felt sharp eyes on him, and then suddenly Ketch stepped out of the forest. Dean should have been relieved since Ketch was the very man he had ordered to guard the headquarters while he was away. He had even made him change his shifts at the fire department, because Dean wanted one of his strongest wolves around the house the whole time he was gone.
For two hours, Castiel finished some paperwork from last week and answered a few e-mails. He then knocked on both Jody’s and Donna’s door but neither woman seemed to be in yet. So instead, he tried to call Crowley, but only got to voice-mail. With a grumpy frown, he walked into the breakroom, hoping to find anyone who might have news for him – but it was still only eight, and the precinct practically deserted.
Castiel wanted to get up, to get his phone from upstairs to call Dean right away. But Jack held him back. The young man looked at his own phone on the bed like it was some sort of monster.
“What I meant to say is, Michael of Veenah has offered me his youngest brother’s hand in marriage. To deepen our bond after we have worked together so well in a shared attempt to defeat Lucifer.”
Castiel frowned despite his affirmative answer. There was a huge part of him that believed Sam didn’t just
After his classes, he and Alfie finally went out of town to look for the first flowers of spring – accompanied by Meg, Victor and Sam. Castiel thought this should have earned him additional points with Dean since he managed to not get one but two of his preferred wolves to accompany them.
“What?” Dean asked and Castiel noticed he had been staring for a while. He looked down into his mug and swirled the rest of his coffee in it.
A warm feeling spread through Castiel’s whole body. It almost felt overwhelming, the idea of spending his life with his Mate. This was almost too good to be true. But he was very much convinced that they would make a good team. He then remembered how easily Dean had just ordered around his guards and he had an idea. “You know, I might have just lost the Head of my Palace Guard. I could somehow see the royal consort in that position.” Some lords and ladies would surely not like a former Winchester in such a position. But after what had happened today, Castiel felt like he might develop some trust issues – a problem, he would not have with his Mate. It was just as wonderous as the stories said. He had met this man just a few hours ago, but Castiel would easily trust Dean with his life. He could not wait to get to know this man he already held in his heart.
“I won’t deny I haven’t thought about it, but once you get to know him, Dean is not half bad,” Castiel teased, and Dean sent him a hurt look while he dramatically clasped his hands over his heart without any sound. Castiel had to bite his lips to stop himself from laughing. “Truly, I am fine, Captain. I think we both will be able to go on for some more weeks.”
There was suddenly movement all around. Donna had brough a blanket and barked something at Jesse who returned a moment later with two thick and long branches. Donna seemed to be building some sort of stretcher. In the meantime, Cesar pulled some food out of his backpack and handed dried sausages  and apples first to Jack, then Castiel.
This time, Balthazar had spoken and there was a pause, long enough for Castiel to hope the other wolves would just take the money and leave them alone.
Sometimes he felt like everyone else was following a certain set of rules while he did not even know which game he was supposed to play. And it was not just because he was new to this pack. Yes, he had arrived only six months ago, along with two of his brothers, but he thought he fit in quite well with the Winchesters. Actually, he felt more at home here than he had in the pack he grew up in. But as he watched Dean turn around with dropped ears, he wished he knew what to do. He had not intended to offend the alpha again, but, somehow, it seemed like he had ruined his blooming friendship with Dean.
and, Castiel was sure of that, certainly no alpha – those True Heats happened almost never, and only when an omega felt truly attracted to a certain alpha. On a mischievous sidenote, Ms McLeod wrote that it would not be the worst of fates to get claimed by a strutting alpha who made you leak by just looking at them. Castiel had blushed heavily at those words, as he had on many occasions while reading the book – he had wanted a straight-forward explanation, but sometimes, Rowena McLeod was a little too open for his taste. But at least, she had been the only one to tell him that an omega could – and should! – experience pleasure in the bedroom as well as any alpha. And she had written quite a string of tips that had made his heat more comfortable – be it in the use of certain herbs, or just by encouraging him – well, rather any
Before he could even blink, Castiel had an alpha on top of him, covering his whole body while his mouth got savaged. The possessive rumble Dean let out went straight to his neither regions. When the alpha noticed Castiel’s flaring arousal, he pulled back. He handed the omega a bottle of water that seemed to have just magically appeared on the bedside table.
to think back on the last couple of nights where each man had stayed strictly on their side of the bed. He also tried not to think about that one time when he had returned from the bedroom and stepped in on Dean who had only been wearing a pair of boxers at that moment. The alpha had not seemed fathomed – after all, they lived together, of course they might see more of each other than they would in an office. But still, Castiel had not known where to look; anywhere but the naked chest in front of him seemed like the right option. Dean had only chuckled. The alpha had then opened his mouth as if to say something, smirk on his face, but in the end, he just shrugged and pulled a shirt over his head. Doubtlessly wondering about Castiel’s modesty – and the omega wished he had appeared more composed. But he still felt flushed thinking about that moment.
, Dean! And I was just so curious! And Sam already got to meet him!” Dean let out a chuckle at the beta’s outburst, but he finally introduced her.
I had taken the pack.” Dean took a deep breath, and Castiel thought he sounded like he was struggling with tears. “Ellen was an omega, too.” Suddenly, he chuckled. “And, boy, did she sometimes chew me out. Since I had been Alpha, no one quite dared to talk to me the way Ellen did.”
“What do you mean? A new credit card and… I thought we were here to transcribe my belongings to you.”
you have been stuck with me for the last couple of days. But Rowena will be able to help you, I promise.”
Castiel’s eyes widened in shock. Beer. Of course, this alpha’s alpha in front of him would want beer. Castiel’s kitchen was bursting with all kinds of prepared meals and drinks – but he had not once thought about purchasing
The alpha had obviously tried to drag Alfie with him, despite his screams and attempts to fend him off – and then suddenly, there had been Benny, ripping Gordon off the young boy. The omega always had a dreamy look on his face when he told how gentle Benny had taken care of him afterwards, escorting him to his room and then sending Ellen to look after him.
“Well, he isn’t. He has been perfect. I mean, he has been perfectly behaving himself,” Castiel corrected weakly.
It suddenly felt too rushed. But Castiel had been the one to insist on a speedy wedding, so he could hardly complain. And he did not. He just wanted to get this over with.
He remembered the last time they had been alone. They had kissed. More than just kissed, actually. And Castiel still didn’t know what it had meant to Dean.
Dean’s mouth twitched, and he seemed to regain some of his natural confidence. He said: “Maybe I should still get some clean clothes from home.” He rubbed a hand over his face. “And shave. And I imagine you would like a few hours to yourself in between… but I could come back tonight.”
Dean seemed a little uncomfortable with how much he had revealed about himself. And Castiel tried not to think about the warmth that seemed to wander from their entangled hands all the way to his chest.
Then he turned around wordlessly and trotted forward again. Castiel glanced up and caught Benny and Jody exchanging meaningful looks. Jody was definitely having an amused glint in her eyes, while Benny still looked stunned. But then he just shrugged and flashed Jody a grin. The sudden exposure of fangs had Castiel concentrate his gaze on the trail again.
Cas leans back again but leaves his arm where it is. I can feel his fingers graze my shoulder every now and then and I wonder if it's deliberate and I'm kind of hoping it is.
Cas grins at me over a bag of fertiliser and says “We got a good haul. The lady at the gardening store was very helpful”.
Cas wins the toss-up. Of course, he does. Pulling him in for a hug, I hold on a little tighter, drinking in his grounding presence. It helps that Cas holds on just as tight. As we release each other, Cas smiles shyly at me before planting a soft, chaste kiss on my lips.
The boys tell them of the days we went to the lake and the beach and the hikes, lapping up the attention from two more adults.
Michael shook his head, so I continued, “Michael, the boy Jesse we met, could do lots of different things, but we are going to start with something small.”
The sound of a shotgun loading precedes Donna walking out onto the porch, but she holds the gun pointed at the ground.
Sonny cut in then “Jimmy has been here just a couple of weeks, this time. He’s good with his hands, nearly has enough wood cut to last the winter when it gets here”.
Leaning back down to kiss him again, “Your wish is my command, angel” before lifting him off my lap.
As Cas gives my hand another squeeze, I smile at them all, “Ok enough of that. There’s a fair tomorrow in town. It's supposed to be good”
Eileen re-joins us with a big smile on her face that turns a little sad as she sits down. It worries me so much I have to ask, “Eileen, are you ok? Are the boys, ok?”
All I could see was Jack surrounded by darkness, No, there was someone there with him. Who was that? A beautiful black woman with a…. is that a scythe? And the Entity is there too. The woman is talking to Jack, telling him………..oh god………..no
Jimmy nods again. I ache to pull him into my arms, but I know it wouldn’t be welcome. So instead, I step forward and squeeze his shoulder, whispering, “Bye, Jimmy.”
Just as I’m about to follow him, a knock at the door surprises me, one, because we rarely get interrupted up here, and two, it’s very early.
Our first kiss is a little awkward, a bit sloppy with a bit more teeth involved that I usually like but you know what, it doesn’t bother me.
“Yeah” Jack said “Castiel, if we do win, then I’ll have to leave, won’t i? I won’t be able to stay with you”
Jack looked at us and said “There was a lot of knowledge in Naomi’s head. I’m going to take some time to filter through it. Maybe there’s something else we can use.”
At my puzzled look she said, “The funfair does sound like a fun day out, but the weather has been so warm, why don’t you take them to the lake again. It sounds like they really enjoyed it. It’ll be a more relaxing activity than the funfair. Especially when your all tired. You don’t have to do something different every week, just be with them, Dean. That’s what they really need”
I watch Jimmy for a minute standing at the water’s edge staring out at the yacht before grabbing my t-shirt, Jimmy’s t-shirt and a hat.
When Helen, Sarah and I join them, Cas and Michael are still in the entrance hall saying hello to Rose, the doors to the sitting room are open and I can see the boys hovering inside, with Miracle beside Jimmy.
Sonny lowered himself to one of the beds looking a lot pale now, “Dean, seriously, it’s the least I can do. Believe me, what you have taken on is not going to be easy, you are going to be glad of a comfortable bed at the end of your day”.
Cas brushes his lips gently against mine before peppering light kisses across my cheek until he reaches the shell of my ear, growling, “I’ll help”
After rinsing ourselves off, I turn off the water and hand Cas a towel. Together we dry each other off; the look in Cas’s eyes as he gazes at me is so soft, it’s no small wonder that I don’t melt on the spot.
My heart, which was full to brimming, overflowed when Dean appeared and joined us. Outside my relationship with Dean, I loved these two men as friends, and I was happy to know that Sam returned it. I knew we were declaring ourselves before the final battle, but I didn’t care. I was happy that I had the chance to let them know how I felt. It was important. I saw that now. As a soldier of God, I would never have understood it, but my time on earth had changed me so profoundly, that I embraced feelings and emotions freely and how could I be angry about that, it also gave me this family.
Sam watches as Dean swallows hard, not making eye contact. Nodding his head, he answers, “Thanks, Sammy.”
Before we left the bunker, Cas has asked me if he could use the Winchester name as he would need a surname for our new ID’s, actually blushing while stammering the question. The smile on his face when I answered him “I thought you already did” warmed me from the inside out.
Squeezing him lightly, I press my lips to Cas’s back between his shoulder blades as I feel him shift beside me.
“But it’s not for me” I finally answered. “I’m sorry Sammy, but I think I need to find my own way now”.
Cas just stares at me and the colour seems to drain from his face “Leaving. You mean like on a hunt”.
After two hours I’m wilting with the hunger and so are the boys. We leave the park to head back to the Main Street to see if we can find something to eat.
Jackie takes a moment before answering, “Cas, I have been a nurse for a long time, and I still remember my training.
My heart swelled to ten times its size it felt, and I thought “How was I going to walk away,” but I had to, I couldn’t stay.
Arael was putting the finishing touches to a small lake at the bottom of the Macgillycuddy's Reeks, a mountain range in the southwest of Ireland and replicated here in this small part of Heaven. An old Irish man’s soul is on its way, and this is what will greet him when he arrives. A piece of home right here in Heaven while he waits for the rest of his family to join him.
“Alright, alright, that’s enough from the love birds” I said prying Cas away from Sam. “Let’s get you to bed”.
I looked around the room. The ceiling and walls were of a cherry wood, tongue and grooved in style. A wardrobe, chest of drawers and two lockers beside each bed made up the furniture in the room. Another door revealed an en-suite bathroom with an electric power shower. Sonny laughed when I saw it and he admitted it was his one bit of luxury that he indulged himself in here. But he deserved it and I told him so.
Forty minutes later we were passing the “Welcome to Harrisonville” sign. I drove to the address Davie had given us and we parked across the road.
The trip to the lake takes a bit longer than 30 minutes as the boys all hang back to walk at Michaels's pace. They take turns to throw sticks for Miracle with Keith and Joseph running to pick up sticks for Michael to throw.
I make my way out the front door and step down off the porch, putting some distance between me and the house. When I was far enough away, I ask him, “What is it, Jimmy talk to me.”
Cas turns to me with small smile on his face, all joking gone, “I found out about it while I was researching about the hiking trails. I thought it would be a good day out for all of us”.
Dean offered no resistance. When we reached our room, I pulled him inside. I shrugged out of my coat and suit jacket and turned to Dean who was looking so lost in the middle of the room.
I had been planning to take the boys to the funfair this weekend, the one we had passed on our way to the beach last Saturday but now I was unsure of what to do. Michael would not be able to go and I didn’t want to leave Cas behind, but that was no reason the boys should do without. But what to do?
I grabbed my coat, and headed outside with Dean, Cas, Sam and Jack following me. When we reached Naomi, she transported us to the playground that held the entrance to Heaven in its sandpit.
Cas still has me anchored back against his chest with his left hand and when he has a rhythm going, his right hand finds my cock again, lazily rubbing it.
Dean twists in his seat and roars, “THE DEPUTY CAS. That fucker is the one who isolated Jimmy after he was beaten to a pulp and witnessed god knows what.  Jackie says Jimmy is traumatised. He hasn’t spoken after his initial attempts to ask for us. I am going to fucking kill him.”
Cas finished the kiss by sucking on my bottom lip and because half my brain was still misfiring, the other half was settled in my pants, it was Cas who asked, “Because?”
“Stakes, iron, silver, salt, knife. I mean, we’re pretty much set to catch and kill anything I’ve ever heard of,” Dean hears himself reply.
I finally roused myself to go in search of Sam and Eileen and I found them in the kitchen, Miracle trotting in behind me. The smell of food watered my mouth and produced a loud grumble from my stomach.
And if this were the result of Sam taking it easy, I would make sure he and Eileen definitely took a weekend to themselves, even if it wasn’t with us.
“My God, Dean, I know it’s Heaven, and you probably can’t get fat, but there is no reason to test that theory.”
After leaving Rose preparing dinner, we followed Sonny into his office, where he showed us the different forms and red tape that has to be done and filled out when a new boy arrived, during their stay and when they left.  It was enough to make your eyes water and give me the start of a headache.
I smile thinking of the chessboard in the bunker. “I only learned myself in the last few years. My brother Sam taught me. I’m not very good either but I’d be up for a game if you are”
I fucked up. I should have cleared the air before we left the house. Now Cas has probably been feeling horrible all day. I know I have.
I know that you are probably pretty mad at me right now. I’m pretty mad at myself too. For everything.
Kissing the top of my head, before resting his head on mine, Cas says, "Sam and Eileen are good hunters. They do their research, Dean. They don't take chances and they are not alone in this. They have a good crew according to Sam”
Sarah half mock glares at me, “Well it’s your job to make sure he does. Jimmy will be in the room with him and if Michael really needs Cas then, of course he can be there, but Michael could get too attached to Cas that when the time comes for them to separate, it could be very painful for both of them”.
Walking around to the bed of the truck, I pulled out another bag of fertilizer, “So gardening store lady is smitten is she now?” I asked Rose.
And you're right, it might be hard for them to leave, and when they grow up, they might look back on their crappy childhood with horror.
I hand him the sandwich and say, “Please eat something. We are going to need all our strength, Dean.”
Biting my bottom lip, I get the courage to ask, when I see Cas’s eyes staring at my bitten lip, “Were you disappointed, Cas when Sam gave in so quickly?”
Jody and Donna look at them as if they are talking a different language before Donna asks, “You’ll stay for dinner, right?”
“Jack, listen to me. You need to keep that rib on you at all times. So, you can use it when you need. But I want you to know, I hope you never do. I really do hope that, Jack” I said staring into his eyes.
Too busy smiling at Sam, I didn't see Eileen until she was clamped around me. Eileen may be a tiny thing, but she packs a lot into a hug that has me bending down and picking her up for the second time in a few minutes.
Crossing the room quietly, I kneel down in front of him, ready to rouse him, but as soon as I do, Cas’s eyes opened.
Dean was at my side and I turned Siobhan in my arms to include him. The three of us hugged tightly and briefly, and then let go.
At my puzzled look, Jimmy continues, “From the minute I came home, Dad wanted to know how I got on here. Who was looking after me, who else was here, was I treated right?”
All I can see in my mind is Sam, when he was Nicholas’s age, just wanting to spend time with Dad, but he was never around.
But did he want an intimate relationship. A sexual one. Cas may be human now, but he was an Angel for a gazillion years.
Slowly I start moving, I have never felt anything as tight as Cas feels. I’m surrounded by heat and muscle and skin. Surrounded by Cas.
Sam and Dad constantly clashed with each other, and one night, after we had found Dad, on the side of the road of nowheresville, they nearly came to blows.
I stumble a little when he says that. I had finally found my footing when Sonny turned back to us and says “Only thing, we are short on space here, so you two don’t mind sharing a room, do you?
After hugs and kisses and thank you’s are exchanged, Helen, Amy and Nicholas climb into Helen’s car and start their journey home.
Then Cas begins to move, small moves to get me used to his fullness. Soon I'm rocking with him, skin against skin, Cas’s cock hot and hard inside me, his belly and chest rubbing against mine, warm and sweaty, and his lips devouring mine, dirty open mouth kisses that alone drive me wild.
“Dean, that is you” he said with a grin on his face. “I’ve been trying to call you for days now. Is your number not working?”
Unfortunately, the rage inside me has quieted somewhat and now my brain was working overtime. And the thoughts I didn’t want to come to the surface, surfaced.
He stands as I enter the room and pulls me into a hug, “Today was a great day Dean, thank you” squeezing me tight.
“What?” Siobhan said trying to detangle herself from the bed sheets. She was still dressed in the clothes she was wearing last evening.
Looking around to make sure no one was within earshot, I whisper into his ear, “The kind of supplies that will have me fulfilling the request you made”.
One was a summer dress, and the other, well the other was a “bought in the heat of the moment knowing I would probably never wear it dress” but I knew looking at it I wanted to wear if for my boys. I wouldn’t be going out in it. It would be just for them.
“Coming, Dad, sorry Cas, I have to go. Dammit, I was hoping to speak to Dean. Will you tell him I’m sorry and I’ll call him tomorrow”?
“Ok first up, the boys have chores, we have chickens that need feeding and the coop needs cleaning out, eggs collected, boys know what to do. They keep their own rooms clean at all times and help Rose out with the housework.
I hear murmuring outside the door, and then Cas is walking through it. I don’t know who to tackle first. Him or the bag with delicious smells coming out of it.
He followed the same path I did, removing my shirt before swirling his tongue around my nipples, making me arch off of the bed.
Naomi left me sitting there, trying to catch my breath. I felt I was doing that a lot lately but for crying out loud, I’m just a secretary thrown into this crazy supernatural world. Of course, I had to catch my breath every now and then.
“What, no Siobhan” Dean said “Absolutely not. We don’t know the reason Naomi hasn’t shown up. There could have been a power struggle up there. She might not even be in charge anymore. Siobhan no. I won’t allow it”
I hook my hand around the back of Jimmy’s neck and pull him in, giving him a tight squeeze, “Thanks”.
Cas is grinding against my fingers now, wanting more. My fingers now plunging in, I find the holy grail and graze my fingers against it.
“I know that Dean” Sonny says as he squeezes me tight before pulling away. He bends down to blow kisses at Miracle before climbing into his car. With a beep of the horn and a wave, Sonny is gone.
After saying hello to Siobhan, Rowena and Naomi came back out to the research room. I explained to Naomi about the problem we were having with the texts.
Sonny breaks into my thoughts, “Boys these guys here are my friends and they will be looking after you for the next while. This here is Dean Winchester. Dean stayed here himself when he was 15, that’s how we got to know each other, and we’ve kept in touch ever since. And this is Cas Winchester”.
I watched Siobhan walk into her bedroom and then I leaned my hands down on the breakfast table. “Dammit Cas, why do I do this? I nearly lost you because of this temper of mine. And now Siobhan”
Cas and I don’t have much to unpack, so once we are settled, we make our way down to the kitchen, where we find Sonny sitting at the kitchen table talking to a woman, who must be Rose.
Rose wipes her hands on a hand towel before facing me fully. “You know I’m not one for the mushy stuff, but I think this is important—the job you and Cas do, what Sonny does, is so hard.  I know I couldn’t do it” she holds her hands up as I go to protest.
Cas jumps and pulls away, “Sorry Sarah, sorry Michael. I’m ready”, he grins at me before climbing into the car.
Both look stressed, their faces pale and their eyes huge in their face. Again, the similarity between them is uncanny.
Jimmy looks away and swallows heavily, “Dad never asked that before. Whenever I’d get home from Sonny’s or wherever he’d make dinner and small talk, and that would be it, but this time…………………………
Falling back onto my back, I complain, “Sam has way too much energy for someone who only eats salads”, and Dean snorts his reply.
“That’s fine. I’ll pick up one on the way home and program the same numbers into it, including Adam Richards. Sam and Cas can give it to you tomorrow.”
Sam and Eileen were good, actually they were great, they had a whole new direction going for them. I was starting something new, something that could make a big difference in some boy’s lives and in mine. I also get to repay Sonny for what he did for me.
Storing my purchases in the trunk of the Impala, I gun for home, secure in the knowledge that I will see my angel in less than 30 minutes.
And I finally meet one of Cas’s admirers, Shelley, from the gardening centre. Cas’s latest shopping spree there to buy the honeysuckle and jasmine for Rose seems to have given her the impression that Cas was using that as an excuse to come back and see her, so when she sidles up to Cas, linking her arm with his, his face was enough to send Sam and Eileen in giggles. I stay back, leaving Cas to handle it whatever way he wants to.
At the sight of the Deputy, my hands ball into fists, and it takes everything in me to restrain myself from beating him bloody.
Cas’s smile at the boys is a thing of beauty, “Absolutely, there is enough work for everyone. And Jimmy, my name is Cas, not sir”.
I tried smiling and then thought, no don’t do that, you’re like the creepy uncle, then I tried being serious and that felt worse. Christ, maybe I wasn’t cut out for this at all.
Throwing myself into one of the chairs, I lean forward and bury my face in my hands. I don’t move, even when I feel warmth at my side and a gentle hand rubbing my back. I don’t say anything, but neither does Jackie.
My mouth dropped open as I looked at Cas and then at Dean who had gone an impressive colour of rose. It was actually endearing.
Breaking apart, he grabs the end of Cas’s tunic and pulls it over his head before he pushes Cas softly, so he falls back onto the bed. Dean climbs up and straddles Cas before he grins, “My turn.”
It's Jimmy that breaks the silence, “Cas, you were awesome man” before giving him a hug. Sam does the same and then he gives me one, eyeing me to see if I'm ok, before him and Jimmy join Eileen and the boys. Now it's just the two of us and Cas is looking at me warily, “Dean are you ok?”
I snorted then, “Isn’t that fucking ironic. That douchebag has a devoted mother, and I have a houseful of stand up wonderful boys, and they are …………………………..”
I couldn’t watch anymore. I turned to Jack and said, “Give me a hand in the kitchen”. I linked arms with him and off we went.
A ball of energy rose up from the cauldron, it hovered for a few seconds and then shot straight upwards.
“Why would I be mad?? You know that has never bothered me. As long as everyone is consenting adults, each to their own” Sam said “It may be a complete 360 in the love department for you, but I don’t care as long as you’re happy”
Cas and I smiled at each other over the desk, before Cas’s face turned serious, “Dean there’s something I need to talk to you about”
Sam and Jack went to her home, Dean and Castiel waited in a café across from her place of work, a doctor’s surgery where she worked as a secretary.
“Hello, I’m Cas” he said holding out his hand to shake hers. Turning to me he says “I heard a car pulling up, so I came to investigate”
Cas shushed me against my skin as he reached the waistband of my sweats. Speaking to me as he lowered my pants, he said, “Dean, please don’t wake the boys because I will be very cross if we get interrupted now” and then he released my very erect, very hard cock.
Sonny’s words cut right to the heart of things for me. It also reminded me of a certain conversation with Sam a few nights before we left the bunker.
Turning back to her I ask, “So, which one of the boys would you like for me to send into you first?”
It’ll be all over the town that there is sexual deviant working in the boy’s home before I get back to my car.
When she pulls back, she laughs up at the young man, poking his chest with her finger, “I don’t care how much sugar you give me; you are not getting out of going tonight. It’s Halloween, Sam. You can’t let me go to the party alone. You never know what monsters will get me.”
Ms Mason shrugs her shoulders, “His story is a sad one but one that happens too often. He comes from a loving home, but when his father died, his mother realised he had left a lot of debt. For a while, she tried to pay back what she could, but then she lost her job, then her house, eventually she started drinking to get through the day. Just too many hits to take, I’m afraid. And it’s the Nicholas’s of the world that have to suffer. She loves her son, but she just isn’t capable at the moment”.
Even though I was hoping to do something different, that didn’t stop me from helping out Sam and Eileen in setting up the bunker in preparation for its new role in the combat of monsters and the training of hunters. We cleaned out 20 bedrooms, buying sheets and duvets to make them ready for weary hunters. We turned another room into an infirmary, stocking up on gauze, alcohol, pain medication, syringes etc.
Friday the 3rd of July, Sammy and Eileen drive into our yard at just after four in the afternoon. As Cas and I step out onto the porch, a blur of denim and blonde hair bypass us at warp speed.
“Castiel, you are my best friend, you have been there over and beyond for me and Sam these last 11 years. I couldn’t imagine the time without you and I never want you to stop being my best friend but our time now could be finite, we might not survive the next hour, never mind the coming months, and Lord knows how many regrets I have but I don’t want you to be one of them”
Thanking Rose, Cas and I escort Ms Mason into the house. Cas stops in the kitchen to wash his hands and I lead her to the office.
But the final nail and what shocked him the most was that Dean never prayed to him not once, not even to say hello or ask how he was.
But his likeness to Cas was too much. Cas could actually pass for his Dad. His dark curls and his big blue eyes that were so full of pain, it was hard to take.
Staring after him I said “Yeah. He’s one of the best people I know and he’s my best friend. I’m lucky to have him here with me, to help with this”
Cas and I can hear her giving instructions on using the seat for his first shower, reminding him he can tire very quickly. We can hear the shower running before Jackie appears at the door again, “We will be right outside if you run into difficulty, ok. All you have to do is holler.”
I couldn’t believe what Cas was saying. When he told me his thoughts about how we met and our encounters and our becoming a family meant to him, it took everything in me to keep it together. God, I love this man.
“I’m glad you like it. When I started working here, Sonny said since I’d be spending a lot of time here that I could decorate it however I like. Hi, I’m Rose, it’s nice to meet you”.
But I did hear a conversation between him, Billie and the Entity in the Empty. I asked him about it and said it was just a fall-back position in case something went wrong.”
It was a while before I got myself under control and when I raised my head, that’s when I realised, we were alone. The others had given us some privacy which I really appreciated.
The boys were excited to tell Jimmy all about their purchases, so his attention was diverted as I climbed into the car.
“HEY”, Dean exclaims indignantly, before realising his brother doesn’t know how the Entity interfered with him and Cas.
Thanks to Naomi they knew this prophet’s name and where she lived and worked etc. Now it was stakeout time.
My second press of his lips, I nudged my tongue out to open his lips to mine. The groan that came from his mouth nearly undid me.
Jackie laughs at Dean’s mock indignation, “Well, that might be my fault. I helped once. We had to call the fire brigade. Scarred for life, she is.”
Sam pulls out his phone and dials Rowena. While Sam waits for Rowena to answer, I go from window to window, checking all sides of the house.
“Hey hey, stop, Jimmy, stop. I know exactly what happened. It happened to me. Here sit down, “I said, guiding him to the end of the bed.
Returning the grin, I said, “Yeah it really is. Next time we come back, Michael will be able to go into the water, right Michael?” and he bobs his head in agreement.
The bombardment of angels and demons stopped so suddenly, the silence was deafening. Rowena appeared beside with a triumphant expression telling us that Siobhan had done it.
“I have no doubt about that Siobhan” Rowena replied “I’m afraid I didn’t get that gene. Maybe if I had, my son wouldn’t have turned into a demon. What is it Siobhan?” Rowena asked “There’s something else bothering you besides Naomi’s’ betrayal isn’t there? Though that is bad enough”
Putting my hands on his shoulders, I said, “Hey hey, calm down. Jimmy, none of that matter’s ok. The phone is yours. It’s a gift. And even if something happens to it, so what. I’ll get you another one. The phone is for me as well as you, Jimmy. There is nothing I want more in the world is for you to be safe and happy and for your father to fight his demons. But just in case………………………...just let me do this much please.”
The woman is totally and utterly smitten.  Before my eyes she transforms from the harassed looking, plain faced woman to a dewy eyed pretty looking woman.
I lost him when he was 12, before life really began for him. That’s one of the reasons I left my home and came here.
“Jeepers Sonny, Dean, my name is Dean” I said exasperated while walking up to shake her hand as she stood to meet us. Cas shook her hand after me and she stepped back to eye us up and down. Rose was anywhere between 40 and 50 years old. She was blonde, slim and in light blue jeans and denim shirt, she was also very easy on the eye.
Ok, a date, a date with Cas and Dean, a date with food and drinks and then I thought about what happens at the end of really good dates……………I turned and ran to my room.
I exchange glances with Cas and Sam before turning back to Jimmy, “Jimmy, how did the Deputy find you?”
“Dean, Eileen and I were talking, you know what to do now, you know since Chuck is gone and Team Free Will is alive and kicking”.
“Siobhan, stop, this is not your fault. You left because you thought you were doing the right thing by me and Dean” Cas said “And we love you for that. But we are together now, and we want you to come home with us”
Castiel reaches down inside him, touching the place that holds his love for his family, for Dean. Smiling back at the Entity, “You’ll never catch me betting against Dean. I feel sorry for you.”
I call Cas to show him, and he smiles in delight. “Your brother has the most beautiful and pure soul, Dean. The kids will be delighted.”
Dean shakes his head slightly and shares a confused glance with Sam before looking back down at Donna, who smiles before hugging him again. Against his chest, she says, “She really is happy you’re here. Your death hit her pretty hard, Dean. She’s missed you. Give her some time.”
I climbed out of the bed and threw on sweats and a t-shirt. Grabbing clean clothes, I made my way to the shower room, with a big grin on my face.
Finally, he reassures her, “Sam will bring Dean around. Don’t worry, that was just a knee jerk reaction from Dean. He won’t leave Jack down or stand down when the Universe is in danger. Give Sam the time he asked for.”
What she wouldn’t give for a bath, a hot meal that wasn’t fries and burgers and a large glass of wine and not necessarily in that order.
Kneeling in front of me, Cas clearly worried, gasps out, “Dean what is it. Did something happen, Dean please, talk to me”.
After I left Jack, I made my way to the room Dean and Siobhan were sleeping in. I sat in the only chair in the room, watching them sleep. I stayed like that until the light started creeping into the room.
As I look up at Dean, he smiles softly down at me, “Welcome to the human race, Cas. Most of us have to muddle along somehow, but for us, Jack isn’t the only person we can call for help. We’ll figure this out, ok.”
“Apparently, a demon witnessed my escape from the bunker and reported it to Rowena. She found me in Dodge City. Told me I would need protection after she called me ten kinds of idiot for leaving. When I told her why I left, she called you both ten kinds of idiot” I grinned at them
Dean laughs, “Neat trick,” but Cas is staring at Dean’s naked torso with a look that would worry him if he didn’t know Cas well. Cas looks like he is going to devour him. All he is missing is a knife and fork.
Cas smiles, “No thank you Dean. Michael is asleep but I thought I should stay the night there, just for tonight. Jimmy is ok with it. Michael seems comfortable with me, but it’s his first night in a strange place and it’s just in case he wakes in the night, well I can be there to comfort him”.
Kissing him once more, I move towards the bathroom. Cas grabs me and pins me up against the wall, “Where are you going” he growls against my lips.
So far away was I in my thoughts that I didn’t hear Cas come up behind me until his arms wrapped around my waist, hooking his chin on my shoulder. The sheer comfort that comes from such a simple gesture nearly undoes me. My breath hitches as I lean back into the embrace.
Cas now looked puzzled, “Well yes, that's what we had decided yes. Show some skin. And not even much in the end. So, it all worked out”
We got in touch with other hunters, historians, philosophers, anyone that might have insight into what could be God’s Achille’s heel. So far not much luck.
Because it's Friday night, we leave the boys stay up till ten and I tell them I have a surprise for them the next day. They groan when I won’t tell them what it is and there's some good-natured joking between them as they climb the stairs.
Cas spoke up then, "Well, I know you'll want some of those weekends to yourselves, but we definitely want you to come back."
The sun is coming up when I start the coffee machine in the kitchen. Rose will be here soon, and I'm dreading telling her. After Rose’s much needed weekend away with Jackie, she’s coming home to this.
“Dean if I’m successful in killing the Entity, all of Heaven is replenished again but so is Hell. And don’t you think that they might not want the world to end also.
I saw Sam glance at me, rub the back of his neck, blew out a breath, looked at me again and then decided to think better of it.
Rubbing my eyes, I said, “Yeah. Jimmy just finished up with his lawyer. I just came out to get some air. I thought you were bringing a colleague with you from Youngsville PD?”
“First, no disappearing on Cas and me, ok. We stay together. A day like today, the beach will get crowded soon and I don’t want to lose any of you.
Cas nuzzles his way down Dean’s neck before he answers, “I can assure you I am. Look, Dean, you’re home.”
And last but not least, a large drinks tumbler with Bee Mine written on it, which I hand Cas filled with orange juice.
“I’m halfway through the measuring. Good job I found these weighing scales in the kitchen” I replied
Reaching for him I pulled him forward into an embrace. Wrapping my arms around his shoulders, Cas tucked his face into my neck, enfolding his free arm around my waist. I moved one of hands to the back of his neck and massaged him up into his hairline. Cas’s sigh against my skin sent goosebumps tingling all over.
Out on the landing, I look at Cas and said, “I’m having one beer and then I think I’ll be turning in myself”.
They all run out save Jimmy who stays facing Sam and Eileen. After a curious look at me, Sam asks, “Is everything ok”
Stepping down from the porch, I laugh when I see Cas and Keith, “Cas, maybe your skin can take it, but Keith is looking decidedly rosy in the cheeks and nose”.
I was so entranced in one of the books Naomi gave me, so much so that when the door to the bunker opened, I jumped with fright. Then I felt him before I saw him, my Castiel, at last.
I smiled over at him through my tears and said “They were always difficult people, but they did adore Brodie.”
After a few minutes of standing watching Jack and Naomi, Cas and I found ourselves holding hands with Siobhan.
Cas automatically curled into the embrace. He pressed his face against my neck, his arm tight around my waist. I was so surprised that I hadn’t time to react before Cas groaned and jumped up off the swing, sloshing some of his beer onto the porch at the suddenness of the movement.
Muttering an excuse to Rose, I escape back into the house before stumbling up the stairs to our room.
And then he was gone. He ran back into the house before my feeble, screwed up, imploding brain could articulate a word.
Cas looked up at me with blown pupils, and with his mouth still around my cock, he shook his head at me.
Climbing the stairs to the attic, with Cas’s hand warm on my back, I can't wait to lock ourselves away in our own private bubble. Cas is on the same page as me as no sooner are we inside, he swings me around and presses me against the door. Devouring my lips, Cas’s lips are frantic against mine and his hands scour my whole body.
Even if I wasn’t aware of him angelically, the noise alerted me to him. I entered the garage and there was my Cas, coat and suit jacket flung on the ground and he was beating a tyre iron off what used to be a very nice car.
Sam hums down the phone, “Happy to. Michael has seemed a little out of sorts, this news should cheer him right up”
Our journey is only going to take an hour and we were halfway through it when Cas points out my window, “Dean, boys, look at that?”
Arael’s expression doesn't change, “I am sorry to hear that. I will tell Jack that you are not available.”
My face feels hot having this conversation in front of Sam and Eileen but if there is a question I was going to answer right, it was this one, “How could it, Cas, it got me you”
After that, we go onto lighter topics, and this is when Rose informs us that she is taking next weekend off, including Friday.
Michael walks right up to Eileen and signs “Hello”, giving her his crooked smile. “Eileen kneels in front of him and signs “Hello” back.
Cas smiles shyly, “I mean it, Dean you look healthy and rested and tanned from the sun. There’s no stress on your face. You look relaxed, young”.
I caught his two wrists in my hands and pinned them over his head, giving him a break from the tickle fest. That action brought not only our chests, bellies, hips and crotch close together but also had me hovering inches over Cas’s face.
We pulled away from each other and stood there breathing hard, both of us stunned at what had happened.
I was so shocked, that when he picked me up to sit me on the table and settled himself between my legs, I allowed it. When his lips clamped over mine, his chest warm against mine, my brain misfired, and I sank into the kiss.
Cas and I help them get ready for bed, even tucking them in overzealously that has them laughing helplessly.
My hair looked like birds had nested. I ran a brush through it and then stuck it up in a ponytail. There that’ll have to do
I smile back at her gratefully, “Robin, you’re the best. Listen Cas told me to surprise him, so I’ll leave it up to you what to give them”.
Checking to make sure no one is listening, I tell Sam, “We had to lean on each other a lot when Michael first arrived. Sam, I will never forget waking up and hearing Cas breaking down in his bed. It nearly broke my fucking heart. I didn’t even hesitate. I crawled in there and held him, and he asked me to stay, and I did. I just held him for the rest of the night. Waking up with him was…………………………. the most natural thing in the world.” I shake my head in exasperation as I remember.
Castiel still looking a bit shell shocked turned to Dean and was confused that Dean looked a bit sad. “I’m sorry Dean, I didn’t know that was going to happen, actually what did just happen?” Castiel said
I kissed him again, “I won’t. I want to see you and I want you to see me, for our first time. I want to watch you come Cas, that ok”.
We all hurried over and surrounded her and Rowena. Castiel looked down at the text which was in Enochian.
As he reaches the last step, I kneel in front of him, "Michael, it's a really warm day and the hike takes around 30 minutes, so if you feel tired at all, say it to me or Cas, we can carry you for a bit, ok? I don't want you wiped out before we even get there".
Breaking the kiss, I whisper against his mouth, “I will never get tired of hearing you moan like that. I wonder what sounds you’ll make later” and get the thrill of feeling his cock twitch under the towel.
Jack tilts his head slightly, and his eyes sweep over and behind Dean and Sam, away in the distance. It happens so fast that Dean could be persuaded he imagined it, but he shifts slightly to glance over his shoulder. All he can see are more trees but the skin on the back of his neck prickles.  He closes his eyes, thinking, “Cas.”
Slowing I started to become aware of voices in the darkness and I was overwhelmed with a serious case of déjà vu.
After losing Cas to the Empty and Jack subsequently returning him to us human, I thought Cas’s confession would be the elephant in every room we were in, but it wasn’t. Well, it was……………….. for me, I was still somewhat bothered by it, but Cas seems to take it in his stride.
I was smiling remembering that day when Sam walked into the room while finishing up a call. He ended it and sat down beside me.
Donna goes back into the cabin and returns with a bag of salt and a silver knife. Both men eat the salt and hold the silver knife, while Jody performs the exorcism spell but to no effect.
Wearing a sky-blue t-shirt that fits too well around his chest and arms, light blue jeans and white sneakers, Cas is actually wearing sneakers, Cas looked……….well he looks………..good. Amazing actually.
Neither Cas nor Michael has moved position, but it looks like Cas is reading the Harry Potter book to Michael. I sit down on the bed beside Cas and he leans into me as if he needs the support. I put my arm around his shoulder and gave it a squeeze. Cas looks at me with a soft smile and my heart gives a little lurch.
“Naomi, our problem here is, are you telling the truth about this spell or are you making a power grab for yourself” I said
I clapped a hand on Cas’s back and whispered “I’ll explain later” while I turned and murmured “sheltered upbringing” to Rose and Sonny and that seemed to settle that.
Cas and Eileen again shooed Sam and me out onto the porch as they got the boys to bed. But I could see, Eileen wanted to spend another bit of time with Joseph. They were really taken with each other.
I fidget a bit as I tell her the rest, “Rose I’ve never been with a man before, so Cas has kind of snuck up on me. When he first came back, I told him I couldn’t return his feelings, and he said he was fine with that, he always knew there was a possibility I couldn’t reciprocate, he just wanted to be my best friend.
Ms Mason is unbelievably thorough. She goes through our credentials so painstakingly; she’d put any law enforcement officer to shame. I can’t fault her for that, with the job she does but I'm glad to see that Sam’s ID’s and background checks pass her inspection without incident.
Cas just stared at me and the colour seemed to drain from his face “Leaving. You mean like on a hunt”.
I may have said earlier that I wasn’t keeping score but when I looked back on the last twelve years, maybe we both owed each other a hell of a lot.
On our way back to the cabin, I called Eileen and we cried shamelessly when I told her that we had won. That we didn’t have to separated anymore.  She told me she was jumping into the car straight away and would there as soon as she could. That was the best reward I could think of.
I looked up at Sam and I could see everything he was thinking going across his face. Like how one of us, or all of us might not be here after. But when he spoke again all he said was,
“That I was some secret weapon to help in the fight with God. Well yeah, but not the fight you thought.”
I hate feeling helpless. I hate leaving my fate in other people’s hands. But here I was, doing both. The bottle of whiskey I had snagged on my way to my room wasn’t even making a dent.
“Cas, remember when we were in hell and Rowena started the spell, she started saying to us that the spell was twofold before she shazamed us out of there.”
Sam tries to get his bearings, his mind still on the fact that Dean had disappeared before him to god knows where. As he walks around to see if Dean is nearby, a feminine giggle close behind him sends chills down his spine, “No”, he whispers, “Please no.”
She has tears in her eyes as she turns to me, “He would barely let the doctors or nurses touch him in the hospital and only would, because it was necessary. I knew it. I knew this was the right place for him. Cas must be some type of angel”.
Here in his own thoughts, he could admit how much he had missed Siobhan over the last two weeks. Even though he couldn’t be with her, he enjoyed being around her.
Rubbing the heels of my hands in my eyes, I fight to get myself under control. All I can see is Michael on the ground chanting and Cas’s desperation.
I hesitated, but then I found myself finally telling Sammy the full story of what happened in the dungeon that horrific last day, of Cas’s declaration and his sacrifice.
Ever since the night before, being with Cas and Siobhan, there was something going around and around my head, that I wanted to talk to them about, but I was nervous. I wasn’t sure of what their reaction would be, but I wanted to talk to them before the battle.
And then he turned to Siobhan and everything that had happened with her. I knew something was going on with them at the time, and I felt a bit ashamed about how I butted into the middle of it, but I knew now I couldn’t give Castiel up and yet
I was still missing Jimmy terribly but the weekend coming up was the 4th of July weekend, and Sam and Eileen were still planning on coming to stay.
Sam, who’s waiting for me to lead the way, roars out his window. “C’mon Dean I have two boys here practically vibrating with excitement. I’m scared they’re going to explode”
Castiel cocked his head to the side and said smiling “Can I take the fifth?” Then he asked, “What are you doing up Siobhan?” he asked
Sammy served up dinner and we spent a pleasant hour just shooting the breeze. It wasn’t until dinner was finished and I was nursing my third beer, that Sam brought up the idea that he and Eileen had discussed.
A burden I didn’t even know I was carrying was released when Sam embraced me and spoke his words of friendship.
“Well ………am …..What happened down in hell with….  you………….with…………us……..the way you………..looked……….Christ… Dean stuttered
The resulting two hours are spent laughing, cheering and merciless teasing as we try to outdo the other team. I watch my sasquatch of a brother, when his team gets his charade right, hold up his hand for a high five. Cas picks up Joseph to reach Sam’s very high hand. The result is Joseph high fiving Sam, before dissolving into giggles that set the rest of us off.
When the final battle is to begin, I will know, and I will come back to fight by your side. In the meantime, know that I will be searching for a way to help win this fight.
I’m standing outside Jacks bedroom door feeling like crap. I know we have hurt him but I’m starting to think there is something else going on with him.
I looked around at everyone and smiled “We’re good, we’re both good. But most importantly, we are ready.”
Jody led me to the master bedroom. It was rustic but cosy, I liked it on sight. I also liked Jody. She was friendly but I could also see she was giving the once over. I didn’t mind. I liked that she was looking out for the boys.
He looked up at me and said “I am honoured to be in your presence, Prophet. You who freed us from our long sleep. I thank you.”
We sit side by side before I continue, “I told you how I wanted to stay here when I was a teenager, but I left because of Sammy. I know I made the right decision then, and now; I know it. But that didn’t stop me from being angry about it. I took it out on Sammy. I talked back to my Dad, which I rarely did because I knew I had lost something great.”
The room is very bright, so when I get my first glimpse of Jimmy, I think Jackie has brought us into the wrong room.
When Jimmy broke the silence sometime later, it was with a question I wasn’t expecting, “How come you never had kids, Dean?”
Passing Robins, we find her outside the restaurant, and she asks us in. I told her we would love to, but we have the dog, so we ask for a takeaway. Hearing that she asks us to give her a minute. Only after five minutes she’s back and ushering us into a booth.
Sarah, Cas and Michael arrive back around 4pm. Cas has text only a few times since they left here at 10am this morning.
I laid the knife flat against the back of his hand. Then I sprinkled him with holy water, and last, I dabbed a tiny bit of salt on his tongue. Besides, scrunching his face up from the taste, there was no reaction. Last but not least, I whisper, “Christo”, and Michael tilts his head in confusion.
Sonny broke into my thoughts, “Boys these guys here are my friends and they will be looking after you for the next while. This here is Dean Winchester. Dean stayed here himself when he was 15, that’s how we got to know each other, and we’ve kept in touch ever since. And this is Cas Winchester”.
When he was sure they were alone he turned to Jack and asked him “What’s Siobhan really doing, Jack”
I stand there watching the two women bond in admiration. They both did jobs helping people survive the worst of humanity and they still manage to be friendly, gracious and accepting of each other. Whoever said women were the weaker race, were bloody idjits.
Sam gave me his “don’t act stupid” look saying, “Dean I think he chose to be here with you. And now having the full enchilada of feelings at his disposal, well the last few weeks having him here, watching him act around you, well I think……………. I think Cas is in love with you”.
When I finally crack and mutter, “Jesus Cas” he turns to me quizzically before awareness spreads across his face. Smirking slightly, he sucks the remaining pop into his mouth slurping loudly. Thankfully Eileen and Sam are having a moment to themselves that they don’t notice the show Cas is putting on. With a last slurp, Cas finishes the popsicle.
“Sam and Dean cared for you as a friend” ignoring his previous statement. “When Kevin Tran was called, they tried to find you. They tried to find out what happened to you, but they didn’t find anything. Now they know why. But they cared, Chuck. They cared for you before they knew who you truly were.
“Hi Michael, I’m Jimmy. This here is Miracle. She’s Dean’s dog but she sometimes sleeps with me. There’s a couple of spare beds in my room if you want to share. I’ve put some books that you might like to read beside one of the beds, or there is a room all for yourself if you would prefer that. Would you like to see them?”
I would have given my right arm to linger in bed this Sunday morning with Cas, but Sam and Eileen were visiting, and I didn’t want to waste a minute, so to compromise, we shared a shower, kissing and stroking each other to completion.
As I watched, the fire seemed to dim, and I could make out Siobhan’s outline. As she became clearer, I noticed she was naked. He clothes had burned away in the inferno. I stood watching, willing it to end.
Shaking my head, “It’s OK, Cas. You know I get it. I’ve been where he is. I felt so safe at Sonny’s, happy before my Dad came and pulled the rug from beneath my feet. At least Jimmy knows it’s coming. Despite his protests, he knows he’s leaving comfort and safety for uncertainty and unknowns. But it’s familiar to him, and he loves his father…………………………..”
And when he told me this, it was the expression on his face that blew me away. It was so open, so joyful, with tears running down his face and then I lost him.
At my questioning look, Sam said, “She wasn’t there. Or at least that’s what her henchmen said. Dammit, I was hoping for better news for you and Dean……….. and Jimmy.”
Sam steps forward and says, “Jimmy, believe or not, Rowena is a friend, and as for the why, well, that’s my job. I’m a hunter, and I kill monsters. And I am sorry that I wasn't there to protect you and your Dad.”
Unknown to them, a hunter is waiting down the road in her car, waiting to follow them home and keep them safe.
I can feel myself blushing to the roots of my hair and I stutter “I believe I explained why, the last time I was here. I had a good excuse you know”
Nicholas loses more of his quiet stoicism, “Dean, that would be awesome, thanks”, before hugging us all again.
She nodded at the Angel and indicated for him to return to his post. He gave Jack one last glare over his shoulder.
Tilting his head with his trademark confused look on his face, Cas asks, “I don’t understand, whose side do you bat for?”
But everyone else we lost when Chuck did his whammy are back including Eileen, who I can hear laughing down the hall, no doubt at something goofy that Sam had said. I was happy for Sam, for both of them, remembering when Eileen had knocked on the bunker door only a month ago, the look on my brother’s face was nearly worth all the crap we had gone through beforehand.
Dean huffs a surprised laugh before he leans forward, swirling his tongue around Cas’s navel, causing the Angel to jerk in surprise.
An hour later, over the protests of both Rose and Jackie, we march them out to the porch swing, telling them the kitchen is ours to clean. The boys come in just in time for bed, repeating goodnight Walton’s style; even Michael gives Jackie a small smile.
It was raw and beautiful, and I couldn’t get enough. But I was also aware of Dean, he was running his fingers through my hair while I was kissing Cas and when I broke the kiss to look at him, there was no jealousy, just love in  his expression.
My heart was breaking for the divide between Jimmy and me. The only reason Jimmy was keeping us around was that he knew he needed our protection. Which I was more than happy to provide, but our bond seemed broken beyond repair. And it hurt, it hurt so much.
Besides the usual chores, Cas and I moved the three single beds in the spare room to the barn, storing them safely and dryly and then moved one of the queen-size beds from our room down to the spare room for Sam and Eileen. We dressed it with clean sheets, before dusting and hoovering the room. Rose picked some wildflowers and put them in a vase and left them on the locker beside the bed.
Sam replies, “Your welcome, Ok, I better go. We have an early start in the morning and it’s a long drive”.
The rest of the evening passed without incident. Sonny went to take a rest and I spent some time with the other boys. Asking them of their likes and dislikes, I found all three of them really liked classic rock music. I told them we would get along just fine.
I enter Jimmy’s room just as he's leaving. I smile and pat his shoulder as he passes me before he makes his way downstairs.
I walk away before I lose my courage. Then, steeling myself at Jimmy’s door, I knock twice and go in when invited.
Sam can’t take his eyes off Dean, and Dean is starting to get pissed, “You stare this much in your own time?”
Once we were ready, I assigned each boy, “Ok, Michael, you stay beside Cas, Joseph, you're with Eileen, Nicholas, you're with Sam and Keith, you are with me, ok. You stay together and do as we say.”
At my disbelieving look he continues “Jack needed my help with Heaven. I agreed to help him. Dean it was the least I could do”.
Cas came around the table and took me in his arms and hugged me, then he stepped back and asked “What happened with your son Siobhan?”
With a voice cold as steel, he says, “That's enough Deputy. You go on to the car now. I’ll be with you in a minute”
Dinner is a fricking nightmare. Sam and I can only look on as Eileen gushes over the two men, winning Alt Sam over, that by the end of dinner, he’s begging her to teach him more signs.
There’s silence on the phone after I stop speaking, and I worried I had gone too far before Jimmy’s voice said quietly, “Maybe.”
“Dean, Eileen and I were talking, you know what to do now, you know since Chuck is gone and Team Free Will is alive and kicking”.
Arael hovers near Castiel and says, “I’m sorry, Grandfather. Jack asked me to ask you one more time. I’m really sorry, I am your family. I did not mean to upset you.”
“Hold on a second, out there you were brimming with confidence and now you’re not, what’s that all about” she asked
What follows is the most erotic and uncomfortable five minutes of my life. Leaning back on my hands I watch as Cas licks and sucks the popsicle with the same attention, he does everything else. His moans as he enjoys it, don’t help the situation either.
I hesitated because for some reason I didn’t want to hurt him, but they had been brutally honest with me so I answered honestly “I was dreaming about your lives, your memories, and I think it was Hell but you couldn’t have been in Hell…. Could you??? I asked when no one said anything. Dean and Sam were white with shock with Dean eventually saying “You saw that? You saw what happened to us there”.
I'm smiling remembering that day when Sam walks into the room while finishing up a call. He ends it and sits down beside me.
After dinner, I leave Cas in the kitchen with the younger boys to clean up and Jimmy and I go up to his room to dress one of the beds in his room. Not knowing which bed, Michael will pick, we end up dressing both spare beds in Jimmy’s room and one of the beds in the extra room.
She booted up her computer and was half thinking of ordering some food in, when there was a knock at her door. That’s strange, the only people who knocked on her door were food delivery’s.
I called the girls and told them the good news and to make their way back to us. It was time to celebrate.
Rowena is practically vibrating, waiting for Dean to finish the sentence, but Dean can’t seem to get the words out, so, finally, I grab Dean’s hand. He clings on tightly before I tell her, “He suffered a serious sexual assault by several men.”
Between that and the feelings he has towards her was enough to make an Angel’s head hurt. He didn’t think he could feel for someone like that after …….. but he was right to let that go. It was never going to happen.
No one says a word, while Cas and Michael seem to engage in some silent communication. I have seen some strange stuff in my time, so it's only another Monday to me, but I'm wondering what Helen and Sarah the nurse are thinking.
“I’m sorry, Dean. I didn’t mean to be so blunt, but you have to understand, these children are my responsibility too. I have to look out for them.”
“He sounds good,” Dean says, staring down at his mug of coffee. Glancing up at me, he said, “That’s good, that he’s good, right?”
I feel a mischievous feeling coming over me, that has Cas squinting at me adorably, “Whatever you’re thinking, stop”.
Cas’s mouth was so fucking hot. His tongue swirled over the head of my cock again before he swallowed me down to the base, before sucking me back up to the top. Another swirl of tongue around the top of my cock before Cas plunged again swallowing me whole.
Feeling like we’re intruding, I catch Cas by the arm. We start to stumble back into the kitchen before Rose stops us,
“Sonny, you didn’t have to do that” I protested “I spent my life sleeping on crappy motel beds, Cas too, we would have managed”.
I looked at Sam and Eileen in horror, feeling even worse than when I had to ask him to leave the bunker, years before.
Helen’s words hit me right in the solar plexus. Stunned, I swallow hard, pursing my lips to stop them quivering, tears pricking at my eyes. I pinch the bridge of my nose as I hear Helen sigh.
“C’mon, I’ll tell you on the way”. Releasing Jimmy, I bend down to plant one more kiss on Cas, before stepping off the porch and climbing into the Impala with Jimmy sitting shotgun.
Smiling again, I said, “Ok, are you ready?”. Michael nods and walks into the sitting room and climbs into one of the armchairs.
Cas, still holding her hand, covers it with his other, “Amy, it was our pleasure to mind Nicholas while you got better, and now you are going home together. Concentrate on that, not the past and Dean, and I are here if you need us. I mean it”.
The seconds tick by and I'm aware that Cas and I are still staring at each other. Not that, that is unusual. For years Sammy has given me grief over our eyeballing each other.
“Hey, hey, I’m not going anywhere,” I tell him, hoping I’m not lying. I look around and see that we are alone. The Sheriff and Jackie have left us.
Cas’s eyes widen and he pales under his tan, “Dean I forgave you for that. You explained why you had to do it. I understood but Dean that was a long time ago. Why has this come up now”.
Shaking myself out of my musings of the evening before, I got the boys settled, before crossing over to Michael and Jimmy’s room. This time I found Michael leaning against Jimmy in his bed with Cas looking on.
This is it. Cas and I are on our own with four small charges to care for. All of a sudden, a nest of vampires doesn’t sound too bad.
Dean huffs a laugh, “The fairy tale stories sure got this wrong. I bet there isn’t even a stray cobweb in that house.”
Cas glances up at me, “No reason why you can’t do both. I could mind the boys if you wanted to go out. I’m sure Sonny didn’t live like a hermit.
After my initial surprise I started kissing him back. His hands dropped away from my face and went around my waist. My hands were tangled in his hair. He backed me up until we hit the wall and his body pressed up against me. I could tell he wanted me and the physical presence of him was overwhelming.
I don’t know whether it was because Rose didn’t know all the crap I’ve done before, or she was a new friend or maybe because she was in a same sex relationship herself, but I found myself spilling more than I thought I would.
Rose hoots a laugh “Yeah, you bet she was. She took one look at your baby blues and she was smitten”.
I continue “Look I know we are going to miss him but let’s try to be happy for him as well ok, and we have two weeks, so we’ll make the best of it alright?”
A text coming through on his phone disturbed his train of thought. He picked up the phone and saw he had a text from Siobhan. His heart beat just a little faster from seeing her name on the phone.
Joseph's “Oh boy, oh boy, I can’t wait to start” was just the response we were hoping for. But Josephs not done, “Dean, can we ring Sam and Eileen just to say we got them”
Dean falls into the kiss with a moan that ends on a whimper. Cas is totally rocking his world, and it is only a kiss. But what a kiss.
It happened so quickly that the boys thought they had lost their hearing. No more whirlwind or lightening or appliances exploding. Just deathly silence. Siobhan was lying on the ground, her eyes closed and curled in a foetal position.
So I tell Cas about going to Robins and what the boys ordered and the fun we were having when Deputy Douchebag turned up.
Sitting on the middle bed, he turns his head and greets me with the biggest gummiest smile, I have ever seen on him. My answering smile is just as wide as I cross the room and sit down beside him.
Hi all. First, I want to thank you for all your comments and kudos. They are so welcome. I am delighted that you are enjoying the story so far and hope you continue to do so.
I know I hid him from you in my memories because it’s too painful to talk about, but I want you to know now.
“Siobhan, Cas, I am. Sometimes I feel I will burst apart from what I feel for both of you” Dean said
“Then I will go catch you an elephant” Cas said with the smile still on his face. He then walked over to the bathroom and I heard the shower running.
We said goodnight to Jack and Sam and headed back to our room. We chatted quietly while getting ready for bed. In bed, I was happy to just lie there together talking with them, but the realization that this might be the last time we could be together before the battle seemed to hit me.
Cas lifted his hand from my waist to cup my face, “Ever since I’ve got back, you’ve been different, kinder, softer, happier. Our friendship has grown and changed. You show me affection so easily and now with this, your support, letting me lean on you, it’s not nothing, its everything. The only thing getting me through this is knowing your close by, ready to let me have this. It means everything, Dean”.
Sam looked at me and nodded towards Cas. Cas saw this and he looked from me to Sam and asked “What, what is it?”.
The politics of running heaven was complicated in the least but the thing that stood out the most in my head was the mention of Siobhan over and over. The rescued Angels from the Empty asked about her often, much to the chagrin of Naomi.
Next, she looks down at what the vessel is wearing. Castiel had told her about the many ritual’s humans engage in from his time on Earth, and one of them is that humans dress differently for different occasions.
I liked the kitchen immediately. The walls and cabinets were cream with yellow accessories. The curtains, the handles on the kitchen cabinet doors, even the mugs on the table all yellow. It gave the impression of warmth, sunshine, but more importantly, it was welcoming.
There’s silence after this declaration, and I seek out Cas again, who’s gazing softly at Joseph with big blue eyes, before smiling at me.
After parking the car in the hospital car park, I turn off the engine and scrub my hands down my face. There was much to tell Dean. But how much of it to tell Jimmy. He was so upset with them.
They turn as one and that’s when I see Cas properly. I have to suppress a gasp trying to escape. Cas is wearing dark jeans, black t-shirt and a ruby red leather jacket I had picked up from a thrift shop for him. With his messy hair he looks………………gorgeous.
Cas answers him eagerly, “Sam that would be wonderful. Of course, I would love any ideas you can come up with”.
I'm still going through Sonny’s files, Robin comes back on Thursday for another lesson with Jimmy and Joseph and Ms Mason calls again today but her visit today was a shorter one, much to Cas’s relief.
Cas sits down heavily on the only chair in the room. It’s in this room Cas is monitoring the changes in the Universe. The not natural changes, but he abandons the work for the moment.
I saw Cas narrow his eyes at her, but he followed me to the kitchen. There we found Sam and Jack with Siobhan sitting at the table.
And for the first time, Michael acknowledges me by nodding his head a small bit. Who would have thought it, ice cream works on all the boys!
“It’s alright” Siobhan said to me, “She has a right to be protective. What would you like to know? You can ask me anything” she said
Stepping back, he says, “I’ll send the boys in to you after they wash up. It was lovely to meet you Robin”
Making my way to the second landing, I stop outside Michael’s room. Instead of knocking, I slump up against the wall and lean my head back.
Sam comes to our rescue, as always. “Actually, guys, Eileen and I are taking you to the lake. Cas and Dean have meetings with the Social Workers to go over a few things today”
Jack tilts his head at her, “And what’s wrong with what you have? You have all of Purgatory to rule. You have your children. I won’t disturb your realm. ”
When I was like this with them, I still couldn’t believe my good fortune, not just to have Siobhan, but Dean, the man I had loved for years, the man who never looked at another man except for me, who took a chance on not only me and him but on the three of us. I thanked the universe every day for them, I just hoped my time with them wasn’t going to be ending soon.
She pauses before holding up the other bottle, “These are painkillers” stopping when I wince, “He can have them every four hours if needed for another week, so you might want to set an alarm to remember”
I turned to Naomi “Thank you. If it hadn’t been for you, we wouldn’t have been successful. I would never have got to Jack.”
“We can give her the option” Cas was saying “Look we love her; this is not some seedy threesome we are asking from her. We are asking her because we love her and hopefully, she feels the same about us.”
Turning to me she winked and said, “I thought I was going to have to pry Cas from her cold dead hands”.
“How did I not notice this before?” I thought. Their love for each other practically was shining out of them.
Blowing out a breath, I said “I know. It's like they can’t help themselves. They're like horny teenagers. But now I’m actually thinking that they like it”
Sam, Jack, Cas, Siobhan and I had dinner in the kitchen. It was a quiet affair. The journey tomorrow was foremost in our minds, that we were heading into the end game. We stayed together for as long as we could before we tried to get some sleep as we had a long day ahead of us tomorrow.
I raised my head and looked into those blue eyes of his “I love you Cas, more than my own life. I don’t know what I did to deserve you, but I hope I keep doing it”
Standing there breathing in the warm spring air, I felt a lightness in me that I never thought would be possible. The world is safe from Chuck, Jack is watching over us now, Sam is safe and happy with Eileen and me, well I have Cas.
I stay with Cas, rubbing his back until the shaking stops. The tension of the day so exhausts him, that he soon falls asleep.
Jack turned first to go inside the bunker with Cas and I following, Sam, bringing up the rear. Just inside the door Jack and Cas had stopped that I ended up banging into them “What” I said “Are the lights red or something?? What’s the hold up??”
When I release her, I’m enveloped by 6 foot 4 inches of sasquatch. I can’t help the tears, as I embrace my brother, so I don’t even try. Over his shoulder, I see Jimmy walking out quietly, a small smile on his face, while Eileen pulls Cas in for a hug.
I remembered the feel of his body as I woke up, the playful tickle fest, the pining him to the bed, his laughter, the feel of our bodies together as I straggled him. It was all so fucking perfect, so easy, so right.
Joseph giggles again and runs back inside. I look at Cas and he returns my gaze, his eyes searching my face.
Cas pulls me up and I have to mentally remind myself to let him go. He turns to Jimmy and says grinning, “Thanks but that wasn’t really a move that would help you get away, I was just keeping Dean on his toes”.
For the last two weeks, Castiel had not been teaching at school any more. After he had settled in – as in: he would not get lost any more and feel comfortable with a moderate number of shifters –, it was Ellen who approached him and asked whether he would like to gain insight in different areas of the castle. They had agreed that Castiel would study in various facilities; this way, he was able to learn as much about the pack and its collaborations as possible.
He then quickly laid his hand on Dean’s shoulder in a deliberate move. He did not want to give the surrounding crowd a show of a love-sick couple, but he knew the simple gesture would give Dean a clear sample of his scent. Castiel was not scared, or even worried. Not anymore. If anything, he was pissed. And Castiel knew from experience that it was so much easier for Dean to deal with a furious Castiel than with a timid one.
“In short: We had been recovering on Campbell grounds when a few days ago, we heard a rumour that the Winchester alpha had found a lone omega a few weeks earlier.” Anna said in a cautious voice, like she was scared she might upset Castiel with her words. “It was our only lead, but the time frame matched. The next day, we were lucky enough to hide on a wagon of a farmer who traded with the Winchesters. We were not even sure if… We just wanted to take a look. Honestly, we had more luck than anything else.”
It were not only his words that rattled Castiel, but more the tone of his voice. Like there was no doubt for Alastair what was going on right now. Castiel thought about it and had to admit he had not seen Dean for a while. Until two seconds ago, this hadn’t bothered him, but now he felt jealousy tinge his scent.
This was --- nice. Very nice. Dean had not thought Castiel was much of a cuddler, much less had he expected he would be so welcoming of Dean’s closeness. Again, he remembered the awkward nights with Kevin – who had undoubtedly been grateful for Dean’s presence, but also very embarrassed.
Then he seemed to have an epiphany – and groaned. There was a pout on his face that Castiel, in any other circumstance, would have found endearing and very hard to resist.
Since neither man felt very energetic after their long night of little sleep and Castiel’s heat seemed to be calm enough for the moment, they decided to simply watch some movie on the couch. Dean laughed again when Castiel admitted he had no Netflix, or any other kind of streaming service, just some old DVDs. After a short discussion, they compromised on
Then, Castiel tasted the iron tang of blood on his tongue as Zachariah howled and shrank backwards. He threw a punch in Castiel’s direction and managed to cut him deep at the shoulder. There was a stream of red running down the alpha’s neck and Castiel was unable to move. He could only watch as Zachariah sank to the ground, still whining lowly.
Castiel pulled a tunic over his light sleeping clothes and was glad that there were no soldiers or servants standing guard in the corridors. He walked down to Dean’s room with a loudly bumping heart but fairly certain that no one had seen him. Once he reached the door, he hesitated though. It only occurred to him now that he had clearly not thought this through.
Meg noticed his reaction and explained, in a low voice so no one else could hear her at the distance: “It is a tradition in the Winchester pack. If you have something to say that may be considered a challenge or simply something the alpha might not like to hear. You draw your own blood with the head alpha’s knife, during an official meeting or even in private – and thus, put yourself in an openly vulnerable position. This way, the alpha will feel less threatened and probably won’t attack.”
After a few seconds, Castiel noticed that Dean was watching him warily. He had been quiet for too long already. But he was not sure how to say what he needed to say. For a second, he wished he had not started on the topic of his next heat, wished they could just snuggle on the couch again.
Castiel moaned a little and felt like it might not be so hard to be with this strange alpha after all. So close, he could drink in Dean’s scent and felt how it made his mind foggy already. He did not know how long they stood there like that, the omega’s back to the fridge, hands still tightly on Dean’s shoulders while the alpha focused on his neck with lips and tongue and just the lightest scratch of teeth. Eventually, the alpha buried his nose on the crook of Castiel’s neck again, and the omega could swear he felt Dean smile. When he finally pulled back to look into Castiel’s eyes, he certainly did.
When Castiel entered Missouri’s chamber, he was surprised to find the beta instead of Alfie. Usually, Missouri would be in town until noon, helping out at the small hospital.
Dean let out a strange mixture of a laugh and a growl. It sounded unbelievable sexy and Castiel could feel it roaming through his whole body. Then the alpha drawled into his ear, voice low and seductive: “What I
“I already made coffee. Take your time in the bathroom and I will have everything else ready when you come down.”
“First, John Winchester was tricked a decade ago to end up in league with Lucifer. Shortly after the old king’s death, Sam and Dean found out about the treachery and abandoned your dear uncle. That was years ago. Not only that, but it was Dean Winchester himself who beheaded Lucifer in the end. Don’t forget about that. They have not been on the same side for a long time.”
There was something close to worry in Dean’s eyes when he looked down at Castiel’s hand. “Let’s not get ahead of ourselves here. Your heat’s just over. We can’t yet be sure it worked.”
Dean reacted with the most beautiful smile and then he sucked lightly at Castiel’s bottom lip, until he nipped and pecked his way down the omega’s throat again. Castiel had closed his eyes and revelled in the happy scents coming off of him and Dean alike.
But usually, Gabriel could not hide his intelligence for long. He liked to surprise people, and he was too much of a show-off to leave them in the dark about his superiority for too long. He enjoyed the moment when they realised they had been outsmarted by him.
when Dean and Castiel had entered. He avoided eye contact with either man and looked pale as he kneaded his hands nervously.
The omega would turn 21 in a week, and Castiel had observed with a mixture of amusement, confusion and repulsion how the behaviour of most unmated alphas and a large number of betas had slowly begun to change around the omega. Ever since their very first meeting, Alfie had gushed about this – that lots of alphas would try to win him over as soon as he was old enough to be courted, and eventually mate.
The boy still looked desperate and did not dare to get up, and so Dean just knelt beside him and hugged the young man.
This time, when Castiel looked down on the world from his lofty position, he did not feel carefree at all, quite the opposite.
Dean didn’t even blink: “This is Frank’s. Better not go in. It is not advisable to ever visit Frank unannounced; don’t even knock without getting a written permission first. He is a genius, but also, you know--- batshit crazy. Thinks everyone might be spying on us.”
Castiel knew his rule was still fragile – but he also had true and powerful allies. Like Balthazar, a childhood friend, and his cousin Gabriel, who owned the biggest shire in Aniol. At least they were on his side. And Castiel trusted their input, so he took a moment to think about Balthazar’s words instead of simply dismissing them.
(as Jessica put it) they had also invited Charlie (again with the enthusiastic hugging), Sully (an omega friend of Sam who looked like the ideal candidate for a job at a nursery school) and another alpha, Benny, a close friend of Dean’s.
“I don’t blame him. He probably doesn’t know what he’s missing, being tied to a poor excuse of an alpha like you.”
Dean’s pace was slow and careful, and he watched Castiel’s face intently like he was looking for any sign of discomfort. It felt wonderful and torturous and so, so right, but there was still something missing. And Castiel was done waiting.
“Come in, please.” Castiel said, because – what else could he say. Not reacting seemed childish. In his head, he repeated the monologue he had been concocting in his mind – something about him not feeling too well and how he would rather just lie down.
Donna smiled widely and held up her hand. Castiel looked at it in confusion – until Cesar finally indulged Donna with a high five. Even though he didn’t look half as excited as she did.
But instead, he woke up a week later, in an impersonal guestroom in the home of Zachariah Adler. Meg was sitting by his side like a nurse; the first face he saw in his new life.
When Sam and Eileen came around, the four of them decided – with Jody’s consent – they would be open towards Meg and Crowley as well. From their point of view, they might gain more by talking to them than they could lose. Meg had moved to Little Heaven weeks before Dean and Castiel and would hopefully be more willing to talk to police detectives than civilians – obviously, she hadn’t wanted to scare her defenceless omega friend this afternoon.
Castiel helped, and an hour later, the place did not reek of heat anymore and at least there was no more leftover food lying around. Castiel went upstairs to put some more clothes into the washing machine when he noticed the room to Crowley’s study was open. He had sneaked around the place a few times before, actually he knew it better than any other house in Little Heaven, but he could never get into that certain room – and therefore, he had been all the more curious about it. He stopped and listened, hearing Meg clattering around in the kitchen. Then he quickly stepped over the threshold.
a washing machine worked. The alpha had told him how he had to take care of Sam when they grew up – so that explained why he was
dicks.” There was a smile ghosting around Castiel’s lips that erupted into a full grin. He had never dared to talk about his brothers that way – not even with a decade and hundreds of miles between them. It felt oddly liberating.
Lucifer stood very still for a moment, hardly even breathing. Castiel remembered those moments. There was a quiet rage to Lucifer – when he was furious, he hardly ever got loud. But it did not make him less scary. Castiel remembered one poor waitress who had spilled a few drops of water – water! – on the omega’s shirt during dinner. Lucifer had raged – quiet and scary – that she had ruined their date, and had gotten her fired. He had told Castiel that he had just done that for him, but it had been one of the earliest moments when Castiel thought Lucifer might not be as dreamy as everyone thought. He was convinced that, eventually, that silent fury would have turned towards him.
His mind wandered while his hands worked, and it wasn’t long before he found himself pondering his current dilemma.
“Sure, Sam,” Mary replied. She flopped down in an empty chair and opened the top pizza box, not waiting for anyone else. “Hello, Castiel,” she said, greeting the angel who was sitting quietly across from her, his book still open in front of him.
One, two, three...Cas counted under his breath until Dean’s footsteps echoed down the corridor. Only when he was sure he was alone, Cas glanced up and exhaled the breath he had - figuratively speaking - been holding ever since he had shut Dean up hours ago. Back when he had...
Ricky beamed at Dean, “No worries, can I get you anything else? More beer?” He sounded so hopeful, too. Cas couldn’t help but notice that Ricky had not even so much as glanced at him, which was fine really, except it was not.
“Maybe we should watch something else.” He started looking for the remote again, somehow having already forgotten where he’d set it.
“Cas?” Dean asked more forcefully this time. He was glaring at him, too, and why was that still hot?
“So this is how I’m gonna go. Gettin’ killed by my best friend ‘cause he’s makin’ me lose my goddamn mind.”
Dean’s attraction to Cas wasn’t something new. Over time, it had simply become a part of him, like his green eyes or his tattoo. It wasn’t something he consciously thought about all the time. Pushing it down was a habit.
Then there was Dean with his bratty, gorgeous mouth and his strange fixation on Cas’ hands. It made Cas want to touch him again every time he caught Dean staring. He wanted to feel those lips under his fingertips and take control before Dean could ruin the moment. He...he wanted to see what else he could possibly make Dean do with his mouth.
Dean turned his head and stared at Cas with wide open eyes. “Wanna come. Need you. Need you to-.” He parted his lips like an invitation.
“Ah, well…” Cas folded his hands in front of him, a grounding exercise to help him concentrate on the here and now. He forced his head to turn toward Mary as he started to relay the few bits and pieces he had been able to puzzle together about the bloody bones.
Cas’ hand started on the side of Dean’s face, but it eventually migrated to the top of his head, and soon he had his fingers threaded through Dean’s short hair and was pushing on his head, guiding him a little deeper on each stroke. He spoke, his voice rough, words of praise and encouragement, of
Dean sat down next to Cas and reached across the table to grab a slice of pizza, stuffing half of it in his mouth in one bite to avoid saying anything. Sam was a little more restrained, sliding the top box off the stack and looking in the second one. He was probably looking for vegan pizza or something, the nerd, and he must have found it, because he took a slice and sat back down, thanking Mary with a smile.
So he slid to his knees, ignoring the throb as he came into contact with the hard concrete floor. He nudged Cas’ legs apart and looked up at him. Cas had a flush high on his cheeks, his mouth open slightly as he gazed down at Dean, an expression on his face that Dean had never seen before. Part wonder, part lust, and part something indefinable. He could stare at it forever.
Eons passed, civilizations rose and destroyed themselves, mountains eroded, the oceans rose and fell, or all of that might as well have happened for all Castiel cared. The only thing that mattered any more was Dean, and Dean’s mouth, and what it was doing to him. It felt as if there was a direct link between his cock and his finger. The same finger Dean was taking his sweet time sucking clean. There hadn’t been that much ice cream left, and yet Cas’ finger was still in Dean’s mouth as if it belonged there.
They stared at each other across the table. Dean’s throat moved, and Cas’ pants got very uncomfortable. Dean’s cheeks were flaming red, but he wasn’t backing down. Another forkful of pie was devoured. Dean licked his lips.
“Yes,” Cas chimed him, clearly derailing whatever it was Ricky thought passed for customer service. “I’ve changed my mind, can I get a…a slice of apple pie, please?”
“Dean,” Cas repeated. “Look at me.” His voice was a command that Dean had no choice but to obey. “You seem a little stressed.” Dean nodded. “Shh. Calm down. Take a breath.”
“I want to come,” he sounded absolutely wrecked, muscles trembling under Cas’ touch. “Won’t take much.”
“Yes.” Cas felt a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. He brushed his hand over his face to hide it.
Dean felt something twist in his chest, not pain, but something like pride. A warm swell of pleasure that he could do this one thing for Cas.
Dean let out a little strangled sound. Frankly, he was proud of himself for even managing to do that.
“You know, Dean, I’ve always admired the shape of your mouth. It’s quite… symmetrical.” He ran a fingertip along the bow of Dean’s upper lip as he spoke, then brushed it over the bottom lip. “Sometimes, I see you lick your lips, when you’re nervous, or sometimes when I forget and stand too close. Did you know you did that, Dean?”
It seemed no time had passed when Sam called for breakfast from the kitchen. Cas was still in the library, half-heartedly going through lore, whole heartily plotting how to engineer another touch of Dean’s lips, when he had an epiphany. He stood up.
It was the closest Cas had come to seeing Dean’s soul in a long, long time when Dean came hot and messy between them. They were filthy and sticky. The room looked like a battlefield with clothes and popcorn absolutely everywhere, and Cas wanted to do it all over again, just for another glimpse.
Something that sounded suspiciously like a whimper snapped Cas’ attention to Dean, who was squirming in his seat, eyes fixed on Cas’ hand until he noticed he was being watched. Dean tried to smile and failed, nostrils flaring, if released the obvious tension in Dean’s shoulders could have catapulted him straight up to heaven. Metaphorically speaking, of course.
When Cas stepped back, returning to the island to scoop out a bit of ice cream before returning the carton to the freezer, Dean let out a shuddering breath that did nothing to slow his heart rate.
Like for example watching Dean Winchester’s mouth wrap around every bone - nibbling, sucking - while sticky sauce ran all the way onto his fingers. Fingers that had to be cleaned by said mouth, one by one, in long, wet slides, leaving Cas well and truly hot and bothered.
? Cas thought with a tilt of his head, momentarily lost in the thought. When Dean slammed the mug on the table, Cas looked and then did a classic double-take.
There was a little part of Dean’s brain that was telling him to stop, to wait, that this was Castiel, Angel of the Lord, and also Dean’s best friend and that this could ruin their relationship. But that part of him had been growing fainter and fainter for years. And besides, at this point, they’d already gone this far, what’s a little more?
“Did you want me to do it again?” Somehow Cas’ voice had dropped to a depth somewhere in the vicinity of the Cage, and Dean realized that his ability to resist the pure
The conversation tapered off after that, as everyone ate quietly, glancing at each other a little awkwardly from time to time. Dean was glad they had been able to find a little common ground after Asa Fox’s funeral, but they’d barely seen her since then, and he was still hoping she’d come back on a more permanent basis.
“-been two more drownings since then. So I was hoping I could pick your brains, or at least your library,” Mary was saying when Dean returned. He handed everyone their beers, but stood at the end of the map table so he could make a quick getaway if needed.
“Getting caught up, little by little,” she replied, with a faint, weary smile. She didn’t say anything else, just nodded her thanks at Sam as he handed her a beer and sat down next to her.
Dean definitely didn’t look at Cas as he put his hand on the back of the bench seat to back the Impala out of the garage. He was just looking out the back window. And he definitely didn’t glance at Cas as he drove the hour north into Hastings, Nebraska. He was paying attention to the road, not to Cas’ thumbs as he scrolled on his phone.
Dean’s head snapped back as Cas wrapped his hand around Dean’s cock, marvelling at how right it felt to touch Dean like this. How perfect he fit into his grip. How wonderful the sounds coming out of Dean’s throat were. And to think it had taken them years to arrive here.
“He chased me outta the kitchen,” Dean shrugged, taking a forkful of pie and holding it in front of his face with a huge grin.
He tried to focus instead on the scenery, but Kansas and Nebraska weren’t exactly known for their stunning vistas, especially in winter, so his eyes kept sliding back to Cas’ hands, until eventually he had to chew on his bottom lip just to refocus his attention.
Dean bit his lip, noticing that Cas’ nostrils flared slightly and his pupils expanded at the small action. He lifted his hand to Dean’s face and curled his fingers around his cheek. Dean leaned into it, his eyes fluttering closed for a moment.
When Dean called Sam for dinner, Castiel decided to stay put in the library for his sanity. It also gave him time to analyze the situation before it spun out of control.
However, Dean seemed to have other plans. He let the fingers slip from his mouth, and shook his head. “Need you.” When Cas frowned, Dean sat up straighter, forcing Cas to let him go.
It was only when they sat in the front seat of Baby that Cas noticed a small bit of sauce somehow still clinging to the corner of Dean’s mouth. He swallowed.
Another spoonful for Dean, then one for Cas. He was standing so close that one leg had slotted between Dean’s, and Dean had somehow shifted slightly to accommodate him.
“Dude, where is the bacon?” Dean turned away from the stove, looking rumbled and adorable in his dead guy robe, his mouth parted in righteous indignation.
With a sigh, Dean’s forehead fell forward, his whole body still trembling. He hummed into Cas’ shoulder when lips brushed against his temple, whispering, “You’re amazing, Dean.”
Somehow Dean got through the rest of the day. Cas rested his arm on the windowsill on the drive home, his fingers loosely curled. His other hand on his thigh tapped along with Dean’s cassette. When they got back, they carried in the groceries and Dean bullied Sam into putting everything away with a strict warning not to touch his leftover pie.
Walmart was packed with holiday shoppers, so Cas kept close as they wandered the aisles. They headed to the toiletry section first to stock up on pit stick, shaving cream, and soap. Cheap shampoo for Dean. Nothing for Sam, though. He could buy his fancy shit himself. He lost Cas for a second, but found him an aisle back rubbing lotion between his fingertips and smelling it and Dean put a stop to
Cas’ voice dropped even lower when he said, “Take off your shirt, and then put your hands on your thighs, palms up. -Yes, just like that.” He gingerly reached out and swiped a finger over the crown of Dean’s cock, sticky wetness clinging to his skin until he licked it off.
Dean finished his last piece of pizza and pushed his plate away, washing it down with his beer. He set the bottle down and crossed his arms. “So, Mom,” he started, pointedly ignoring Sam who was shaking his head and trying to make eye contact. “We could really use your help on this whole Lucifer thing. We’re trying to find a better way to track him. We almost had him in his last vessel, but then he got away.”
“It’s soft. Hm. Sometimes your mouth looks hard, but not right now. Right now it’s open for me. Open more.”
“Hell yeah,” Dean replied. As bored as he was with researching already, they’d only arrived back last night from the disastrous confrontation with Lucifer in the guise of aging rocker Vince Vincente. Dean was still worn out from the long drive from California, and he hadn’t yet restocked the kitchen, which meant supper options were slim. “Maybe she’ll stay and give us a hand with this Lucifer thing,” Dean added hopefully.
“Flamin' Hot Cheeto Wings!” Their waiter announced with a bright smile as he set the plate onto the table between them. Dean and Cas flinched in unison and exchanged a panicked look before looking everywhere but each other.
“Witches, man. They get you every time.” Dean nodded sagely, and to Cas’ great relief, it was now safe to take a step back. All that talk about witches and guilt had done wonders for his composure. Dean also looked his usual self who seemed to have all but forgotten what they had done not five minutes ago.
He sat next to Cas for a while, only half paying attention as a bunch of random hot people on the TV all had some weird visions about a woman who kind of reminded Dean of his mom. The popcorn was on his lap, and he nibbled on it absently while stealing glances at Cas, who stared at the screen with unflinching attention.
“Since you asked me so nicely.” Cas finally wrapped his hand around Dean’s dick, working him with long, slow strokes, knowing full well that it was just enough to be frustrating. “Do you like this?”
“You’ve been so good for me, Dean,” Cas whispered, still high from his orgasm, kissing along Dean’s shoulder up to his jaw, his hands gliding over Dean’s chest and abs. “I think you deserve a reward. Would you like that?”
His hips thrust in need, his jaw began to ache, but he continued, as Cas’ words became less and less coherent, until finally he ground out, “Dean, Dean, I’m-” and Dean pulled off. But he didn’t pull away. He opened his eyes again and found Cas’, and he opened his mouth and waited, his hand still stroking, until Cas bit his lip and came, his hips rising, and white stripes painted Dean’s mouth and chin.
With a sigh, Castiel nodded. He already regretted he had allowed Dean to talk him into staying behind.
“Why? Claire, how could you have seen this coming? All you knew was that Ishim did not have a high opinion of me. And that would have been his right. As it is your right to not like me.”
And that is how Castiel fell asleep – with strong arms around him and the comforting scent of pleased alpha filling his senses.
Sam huffed out a humourless laugh, but before he could answer – undoubtedly to reprimand his brother for the poor joke – the Alpha’s phone vibrated. Dean looked down at the text and groaned: “Chuck just sent me the address of the motel our newbie is currently occupying. Great, can’t even bring him to us. Can’t be bothered with something like that, I guess… And it’s a four-hour drive,” Dean ended with a childlike whine.
Castiel blushed, but was still too fogged by lust to feel overly embarrassed. He watched as Dean pulled out a pack – one in a regular size and colour, not the bright XXXL Super-Knots package – and his gaze got hungry when Dean quickly pulled it over his erect cock. He really wanted that cock. Now.
Dean still didn’t move his arms away from Castiel. He looked around the room, and his reaction to even Benny told Castiel he probably saw anyone, or at least any alpha, as a potential threat. It was unusual that Dean was so hostile even towards his friends, but after what happened those last few weeks, Castiel could forgive him easily.
“Jack,” Dean growled, sounding more furious than worried. But for some those feelings lay close together. The alpha shoved Donna to the side and grabbed Jack’s shoulders, shaking the boy in a way that would probably never be advised by any healer. Sure enough, it earned the alpha an upset “Dean, stop that!” from Donna. But Dean did not stop. Instead, he grabbed Jack even more firmly and held the boy’s face to his neck, both of them sitting in an awkward position on the ground.
He could feel more slick run out of his cleft and was relieved when Dean finally pressed two fingers into his hole, teasing and spreading him without haste.
That is, until Dean pulled back completely and sat back on his heels, not touching Castiel any longer.
“But she wouldn’t talk to you, so it doesn’t count.” Meg rolled her eyes before she turned to Sam again. “Well, she’d been a good friend of Gavin and he’d told her that his mate was looking for another major office for his company. Initially, they wanted to go to Sanddorn, but then his alpha heard about an interesting offer in Kensington. And they were told about Little Heaven, a wonderful community just like they had lived in. She could remember the name, because she thought it sounded cute.” Meg rolled her eyes. “I didn’t buy too much into it because she seemed a little out of touch with the real world. But then my police source said they had found an ad for this little alpha-haven in the victims’ apartment – and I thought it was worth a shot.”
“The first two weeks were painful, to say the least. Ruby asked me to go back to my place. Obviously, we didn’t know each other well enough to move in together just yet. And she would visit me at my place, as often – or not – as she liked.”
“You don’t have to apologise. I understand. I know now what kind of texts Uriel sent, and I know that you were just trying to protect me. Yes, it was not your brightest moment, and yes, I would have been angry when you told me about it. But let’s be honest: If Uriel had not died, then I would’ve simply scolded you for acting like a hot-head, but we probably would have forgotten about the incident by now.” Castiel kissed Dean again, who looked overly moved at his little speech. “But I hope you won’t keep anything like that from me again.”
Of course, other than their behaviour towards his men and women, a lot of Dean´s irritation had originated from the fact that no one with royal blood had come to help them. By Winchester standards, it was shameful; to let others fight for you. It was not always necessary for the king or queen to show up personally – but some member of the royal family should share the fate of the soldiers.
Just after they had met with the Council five days ago, Castiel had asked Dean what Charlie had meant when she indicated that the former pack omega had been well able to stand her own. The alpha had then told him amazing stories about his strong mother. Castiel’s eyes widened when Dean mentioned what a good hunter she had been and how she could overpower even an alpha with her quick wits. Castiel must have seemed so captivated by this idea that Dean offered to let him get some fighting classes as well.
“Well, that was very courteous of you.” Just like Castiel had expected, Dean nearly fell off the couch, laughing.
Castiel propped himself up on his elbows and looked at Dean’s face. He felt a little ache in his stomach and changed into a more comfortable position. The alpha’s eyes were closed and there was a hard line around his mouth. Castiel panicked. Dean had not wanted this. He had been carried away last night. Had only tried to comfort Castiel --- and then the omega had practically thrown himself at the alpha.
Castiel wished he could spend an eternity figuring out what Dean liked. He also wished he could spend an eternity figuring out what he himself liked. He had known the basics of intercourse for a long time, thanks to his sympathetic governess, but he had never imagined some alpha kissing his belly in that situation. Had never imagined how it would make his toes curl and his hole slick.
Again, Castiel could only nod. He was not so much afraid of Dean as he was of his own actions once he would be in heat. So far, he had managed to appear composed, (well kind of, maybe a bit prude,) but once his hormones took over, he was afraid he would simply throw himself at the alpha, confessing his never-dying love. But that thought was ridiculous – it was not like omegas’ brains didn’t work anymore just because they were in heat. But they
(Also a little warning: There will be a Hunt in this chapter. The main characters are wolves. They hunt other animals. If you don’t want to read about it, skip the second part of the chapter. But there is no graphig description.)
Castiel looked up and saw what he had not noticed in his bliss before. He was not alone. There was a group of animals, big animals, on the meadow and they all seemed to be staring in his direction. They looked a little like cows, but infinitely more menacing with their big horns and chunky build. Castiel remembered a drawing he had once seen in a book – wisent, he thought they were called. He did not remember what they ate, but they sure looked at him like he would make a nice meal. Or maybe they were just territorial and didn’t like intruders on their nice and warm clearing. Castiel tried to stay calm, but he knew he had to abandon any hope of a long break in the sun and started to walk slowly forwards. Maybe, if they were indeed vegetarians, the animals would just let him leave. He did not want to turn back around, however. What would he do then? Follow the stream back upwards? It would at least take five more days, probably more, to get back to where he had started – and he was pretty sure he would not survive that long. Not without food or warm clothes. His only chance was to keep going. Forwards. He deliberately did not look at the animals, which was hard because the panting just seemed to get louder and he thought he heard something that sounded like sneezing – but infinitely scarier. Probably a warning.
during your undercover mission. But we both know better, don’t we? I’ve seen you writhing on your alpha’s cock in heat.” He shrugged. “A shame he isn’t here. But at least you have me. I will make it all better.”
“Yes,” Castiel repeated, but it sounded more like a question since he didn’t wait for any packages. He almost never shopped online, and no one ever sent him presents via mail. Especially not with both his birthday and Christmas a few months away.
In the end, he went with PJ-pants and a plain t-shirt. When he returned to the bedroom he could see Dean had just stripped down to his boxer-briefs – but the alpha didn’t seem to mind Castiel’s clothes. Dean occupied the bathroom after him and Castiel hesitantly lied on the bed, under the covers. The alpha soon came back – he turned the lights off and put his arms around the omega. Then he kissed his mate’s neck and murmured “Good night, Cas.”
“Oh, I’m so sorry, Castiel.” Donna patted his shoulder. “That must have been horrible for you. We knew there was a village nearby, but for two alphas to walk through the forest in the middle of the night… I’m sorry we weren’t more vigilant.” Then her tone suddenly turned stern. “Next time, you wake me up, no matter the hour. But you should be out of heat in a couple of hours anyway. Let’s return to camp and get back to sleep. Jesse and Cesar can keep watch in case the townspeople decide to go on a bear hunt.” She pointedly looked at Dean. “And maybe tomorrow, we’ll be able to continue our journey. At least we should get away from the village before next nightfall.”
“Yeah, but Castiel is not someone you picked up in a bar for a one-night stand.” Sam sighed. “And you know that he’s been through some tough times. To present as an omega in an old-fashioned pack can’t have been fun. Even though he might have averted a worse fate by throwing punches at Lucifer.” Dean growled just at the thought, but there was also a little bit of pride in that sound. He was glad his Mate was not of the timid kind. “How about you ask him out on a date?”
Dean looked like he wanted to respond, but no words came out of his mouth. They just looked into each other’s eyes for a while, then they moved forwards at the same time. Castiel had expected to finally be kissed, but the Alpha only pulled his arms around him and they stood in a firm embrace. That was all right with Castiel as well. He drank in the calming scent of Dean and leaned even closer when he felt Dean’s hand at his neck and in his hair, marking him once more. The Alpha had done it more and more often, almost every time they met, and Castiel liked to have his scent around. He knew Dean did this with other pack members as well, and everyone smelled a little bit of the Alpha, but he liked to think it was different with him, more meaningful. It was also the only intimate gesture Dean ever did to him – otherwise the Alpha seemed to be waiting for Castiel to set the pace. The problem was, as direct as Castiel could be, he was still shy in some areas. He cleared his throat and said to Dean’s shoulder, because that was easier than talking to his face:
Like I warned you in the beginning, this story really is not that eventful, but I hope you enjoyed it nonetheless. I apologise for the bad joke at the end – but those condoms had been omnipresent in this fic and I kind of needed Jack to find them.
,” Dean spat the last word out. “We didn’t have it that bad, to be honest, a lot better than most. We always had enough food on the table, dad could even get a reasonable price for his work, because it was the best. And I liked the job. I helped dad already when I was just a little kid and I always enjoyed carving wood. It’s something I’m good at.” Dean almost sounded embarrassed. He quickly added, as if to deliberately change the subject: “Mom never really turned from her family, though. And we often sneaked out and met the Campbells – where Sammy and I trained with the other hunters. Secretly, of course, but we got quite good at it. And I might have been content with this life. Building furniture for a living, hunting for fun.
wanted Dean to come with him. Partly because he was one of the few of the rebels he knew already, partly because he felt safe with him.
“No!” Dean suddenly roared. He jumped up from his chair abruptly and the piece of wood fell to the floor behind him. Dean did not seem to notice as he glanced from Castiel to Jody. He crossed his arms in front of his chest and Castiel could feel how hard he tried to keep his alpha out of his voice as he said: “Absolutely not.”
Castiel usually listened to his Other though. He knew it was his beast, in some way, talking to him, and that only omegas could communicate with their Other half. Most alphas he knew thought it was the reason why omegas were so timid. That there was a voice in their head that always told them to be cautious; the reason why they never dared as much as alphas or betas. Castiel did not agree. It was true that his Other mostly talked to him in perilous situations. The first time Castiel had heard it, it had told him to
Castiel paled – and nearly chocked on his lettuce. It took a while before he was able to blurt out: “Oh no! I mean… I don’t think that’s a good idea. I … ahem…”
Castiel looked at his monitors, not really seeing the text before his eyes, and let out a pleased hum at the thought that Dean more and more often managed to talk to Castiel about his feelings. Castiel had always known that despite his gruff demeanour, Dean was a pretty sensitive alpha – he was loving and caring and so protective of his loved ones he constantly felt the weight of the world on his shoulders. But Castiel always got inexplicably pleased when Dean let him in on his emotions by choice. Like when Dean had hesitantly told him how hard it had been to raise his little brother while his father watched him with constant disapproval, how disappointed he was when he thought Benny did not trust him enough to tell him he was gay. Or how he wanted to marry Castiel instead of only claiming him. Now, he might still often need a little nudge, but that was all right.
“Well I have you know, that I am 36. And I do not consider myself a dinosaur.” The alpha chuckled and Castiel didn’t point out that there was a huge difference in the two genders’ average mating age. Most omegas were much younger than their alpha mates.
Castiel flushed deeply, but he did not hesitate to follow the order. He pulled the shirt over his head and without pause he got rid of the too big pants and boxers in one go. He hung all items over the chair next to him. For a few moments, he stood there in the middle of the room, stark naked, and waited for Dean to move forward. But the alpha just stood there and let his eyes wander up and down the naked skin like he wanted to memorize every detail.
a bit scary. Sometimes I swear she can read my mind. But I don’t get why she works for me; she does not seem to think all that highly of me.”
Occasionally, it was Castiel who sought out Dean. He did not want to be too obvious about it, though, so he only dared to come near him when Dean was with either Charlie or Sam, and Castiel could pretend it was
In the sudden light stood Dean, with Jody and Victor behind him, all three growling. The pack alpha bared his teeth in a threatening manner and let out an intimidating snarl.
