Sherlock gave an exasperated sigh as the rush from the hunt drained from him.
Sherlock’s eyes softened and he pulled John against him, holding him against his chest.  Lightly he kissed John on the top of the head.  “There is nothing you can do.”
With a frown he adjusted the blankets and blew out the candle on the table next to the bed.  As he got comfortable he tried not to think about what Sherlock and Mary were doing.  Would they be in Sherlock’s room?  A faint tinge of jealousy awoke in John and he was annoyed that he didn’t know who it was directed towards.  Mary got to bed Sherlock… Or Sherlock got to bed Mary.  Either way he was left out of whatever was going on between his soon to be bride and his king.
“Broken?” I suggested.
“I heard you cry out, Sherlock.  He hurt you.  Show me where.”
“I have nothing to work with.”  John growled softly in that exasperated tone he sometimes had when Sherlock was being difficult.  How was he being difficult now?  All he did was express confidence in John’s abilities.
John smiled and nodded as he continued, rocking.  “My pack does… until we’re about to climax.”  Arching his back he held onto Sherlock’s knees as he moved.  “Do you think you can keep this rhythm if I was on my hands and knees?”
“Jim… Why did you call me here?”
“Alright.  How about the Woman?”
I instantly obeyed and John was beside me, his hand working to open my trousers.  His hand pushed in under the waistband of my pants and I closed my eyes as I felt his warm hand engulf me.
Eudora picked up the girl and kissed the side of her head.  “I baked biscuits for you.  Come inside.”
“You’re so beautiful…” John breathed and held his breath, going still.
“He’s dead.  They are all dead.  The only reason I’m alive is because I went out for a piss.  They didn’t see me.”
“No, it’s not alright.  He wants us to live here with him and he puts us in the guest chambers away from the keep?  What happens when he summons me?  I cross the courtyard and knock on the keep gate? ‘Please let me in, I have business with the king in the middle of the night.’”
“Wedding?  Wait… Did I agree to marry you?”
Within a week Sherlock’s brother abducted John and took him to a vacant warehouse.
Rosie slipped off the couch, crossed the room and climbed into Sherlock’s lap to curl up there, her head on his shoulder and her fingers teasing his buttons.
“And I can’t go back.”  John asked, stepping up to the table beside the decorated faun.
“Are you gay?”
“No, it’s not.  It could be worse than stallion genitals.”
John broke the kiss to gasp out.  “Sherlock…”
“John?”  I swallowed hard.
“That takes practice.”
“Please, John…” Sherlock whimpered.
Sherlock swallowed hard and reached out to lightly touch the dog tags that rested on John’s chest.  “You have to remove these… John Watson.”  Sherlock’s eyes lingered on the letters on the tag for a long moment.
“It’s ugly.” John announced.
Our marriage was for Rosie’s benefit.  We did it to settle some legal issues over my adoption of Rosie.  Make no mistake, if I was to marry anyone, that person would be John Watson.
Eyebrows up and mouth open, Sherlock was half propped up on an elbow to watch John swallow him.  His eyes went wider with each down stroke.  It only took a half dozen before his head rolled back onto the pillow.  “I have to… It’s…”
“Hush, Seb… It’s cold in here.”  The Irish accent responded.
“What?”
“No… The other way, Sherlock Scott… William Sherlock Scott Holmes.”  Sherlock sounded out the name as if he wasn’t sure.
“How do you know you do not take any benefit from it?” Sherlock challenged.
“Yes.”  Greg responded.
“Is that any way to treat your one true love?”
As she stood up John felt something pressed into his hand and he kept it hidden in his fist so his friends could not see.
John stopped and blinked down at Sherlock.  “Dead?  Are you sure?”
“I’m so sorry, your grace.”  Mary fell to her knees.  “He cornered me and… I’m so sorry.”
Sherlock shifted his attention outwards.  “Hmm?”
--TBC
“I know, John.”
“Always.” I whispered.  “Move in with me.”
“John…” Sherlock whispered, staring down at him.
The lights came on stage and a tall queen stood with her back to the audience, her dress low cut in the back and fanning out from her ass to the floor was a train of peacock feathers.  Slowly she turned around as she lipped the song, revealing a floor length, form fitting gown of peacock blue.  Her face was obscured by a mask.  Her lips were blue.
“I turned it off.” John stated as he returned to the bedroom and started to dress.
John shook his head in confusion.  “You’ve never had sex?”
“It’s true.  You and I will have to take our walks outside the castle gates if we want anything like this… Unless you like strolling through mud and horse shit.”
“Yes, please…” I answered.  John went without a condom.  Honestly we just didn’t have any in the flat that were within the expiration date.  But since I was the one on the receiving end it didn’t really matter.  I have been reckless with my life lately and when it comes to John I honestly don’t care what diseases he might carry.  I doubt he carried anything.  Had he been on the bottom it would have been a different matter entirely.  And I liked the idea of being filled by my John.
The man across the room smiled.
“I don’t… Hate you.  I’m just…”  John sighed and relaxed against me, making me aware that he had been full of tension.
“To be fair, first I asked when we would have sex.”
“Married.” Sherlock managed.
John blinked, seeing scarred lines crisscrossing Sherlock back.  It killed him to not know where or how Sherlock got them.  John had seen Sherlock’s naked back multiple times before he jumped from the roof of St. Bart’s.  His back had been smooth and perfect before.
Sherlock gave him a smile.  “I’ll be back in a minute.”  Quickly he headed off to his bedroom.
“I love you, of course I love you.” John murmured into my ear as he stroked me.  “I wanted you.  But I thought you didn’t want me.  I wanted you but I couldn’t have you.”
“Let’s try it.”  John insisted.
John stopped snoring and smacked his lips.  “Hmm?”
“How can I trust you?”  John demanded.
“What are you saying?” John asked as he wrapped an arm around the man who cuddled up against him.
“Then do not resist me.”  Sherlock murmured as he leaned in to kiss Watson’s shoulder.  It was where Watson had been struck by a bullet back in his military days.
Sherlock pulled back and then pushed in again… And again!  Really he could not help himself as he repeatedly pushed into John over and over.  “John…”
“No, you’re not.” Molly replied, biting her lips for a moment as she studied me.  “He did that to you.”
Sherlock bit his lips and stepped closer to John.  “What about your child?”
John’s fingers tangled themselves in my hair.  Quickly he was writhing in his chair, fingers attempting to pull me closer.  I sucked and licked, my hand soaked from my own saliva.
“Fifteen minutes or so… I should have known better.  You’re still recovering.”  John answered.
At the end of her shift she gave me a quick peck on the cheek and it hurt… These casual friendly things I can do with a female colleague, but not the man I’m desperately in love with.  John may allow fellatio, but he would never kiss me.
John took his clothing in silence, pulling on first the tunic as he remained seated in the hay.
I found my hand pressed against John’s crotch.
“My lady…”  John moaned and wrapped his arms around her slender frame.
Molly pulled her hands from her face.  “I swear, m’lord… There was no intent to harm you or your people.  I don’t know why m’lord Mycroft enslaved m’lord Sherlock.  He was always kind to me… He didn’t deserve to be treated as a slave.”
Sherlock pulled off and smirked at John.  “No.  No gag.  You can fuck my throat as hard as you need.”  Impishly he licked John’s tip before swallowing him again.  A third finger was added to the stretch.
“Take the others that came with him into custody.”
“I died for him.  And he found someone else.  He married her… Had a child with her.  She died and he doesn’t want me.  He’s never wanted me the way I want him.”
They made their way through the woods.  The creature had a short, fluffy tail like a goat or a deer.  Sherlock kept an eye on it as the faun wove his way through the trees.  Within fifteen minutes they were back at the house.  It annoyed Sherlock that he could have found the place on his own, given the right direction.  But the faun led him directly to the house.
“Why not?  They treat me like that!” Sherlock glared daggers at John.
“What do you mean, ‘Why?’” Greg cocked his head to the side.  “He needed me and I helped him.  We’re supposed to be friends now, aren’t we?  That’s what you do for your friends.”
John blinked up at Sherlock, feeling his warm hand cover his own, tied to him with the sash as closely as his own hand covered Mary’s.  Was this some mistake?  Had the king just bound himself into John’s marriage?  Was it intentional?  “So be it…” The words fell from his lips as he glanced at his bride.
“Neither of us would have been successful.” Sherlock answered.
Sherlock growled and rolled them over, pushing into his lover again and again until John cried out and reached for him, spilling his seed between then.  Then Sherlock allowed himself to finish before relaxing on top of his paramour, panting for breath.
Sherlock was silent and still.
“Stop staring at my ass and come down here.”  Sherlock commanded.
“Oh well… thank you, I suppose.”
John pulled me up from the floor and together we went to the next room.
“Come to think of it… You’ve always been melancholy around this time of the year for as long as I’ve known you.”
I had often wondered what it would be like to be with John as a lover.  I imagined his cock would be perfect in my hand or in my mouth.  I could make him gasp and whimper like my chips vendor.  I would let him have anything he wanted of me.  It was merely transport after all.  And sometimes when I was alone in my bed it was John I would think about when I took myself in hand.  I longed to hear him breathlessly call my name in a moment of pleasure.
John hugged him tight, rubbing his back.  “It’s alright, love.”
“Yes.  You are sexually frustrated.  I can help.  Go to our room and wait for me.”
Sherlock startled out of whatever revelry he had been under and closed the space between them.  Leaning down he placed a warm, chaste kiss on the edge of John’s lips, causing both to shiver in delight.  “Because you are meant to be mine.”
“Sherlock…” Lestrade gave a heavy sigh and there was a squeak of wood as if he was leaning heavily on his desk.  “Remember what I told you about TMI?”
The wedding date was sent for spring.
Lord John smiled at her, blushing a moment.  “I would take you as my wife.  I find I need a lady wife.  You need a lord husband.  We both need heirs.  Would you have me, lady?”
Sherlock shyly looked away at the coffee table.  “It’s just something people say…”
Sherlock dropped his eyes to the floor and frowned.
I bit my lips.  What was he trying to prove?  And what terrible thing would happen if I indulged him this fantasy?  I crawled away from the door and opened it.  John sat on the other side, shirtless.
John nodded silently and then lay back down on the bed, his head on the pillow this time.  “You’re going back tomorrow?”
“Yeah…” Sherlock nodded and cursed his lack of eloquence while getting his dick sucked by a strange man.
“I just… Want to go home and forget.”  The last words were a mere whisper as he realized that anyone could be about, listening in on them.  Quickly he took her arm and led her away.
Sherlock gave a soft chuckle from where he stood at the counter.
“Are you going to stand there and watch?”
“What am I going to say?” Mycroft asked, raising his eyebrows.
“Hello.  I’m wondering if you can help me.”
Sherlock stared… he couldn’t help it.  Bed slaves were the one slave that no one talked about.  They were the dirty little secret of the English Empire.  Many men and women of means would keep one to satisfy themselves.  They were considered an indulgence… a plaything.  Sherlock’s father had kept a female bed slave named Jasmine that he often took to bed instead of Sherlock’s mother.
John frowned.  “I have not been called to court… At least not yet.  Last I saw of our present king he was still a prince.  He was… Still a child.”
Sherlock oozed out of bed and stood before the guard so Lestrade could dress him.  When he was sufficiently covered he returned to the bed for one final kiss.  “I love you.”  Was whispered warmly in John’s ear before he followed the guard out of the room.
John glanced up at Sherlock and then began to lick, using his tongue to clean.  When he was finished Sherlock sported a half erection.  Pressing his nose back into the human’s hip, John closed his eyes and fell back asleep.
“Stop it.  You’re acting like a spoiled child.”
“How is it odd?”  John asked, raising an eyebrow at his partner of the past six months.
“Perhaps that would be better.  I’m a little too old to see quite so much… man.”
“No!  It wasn’t vanity!”  John insisted.  “I tried!  After I recovered I tried!  But… The look of horror and… And pity…”
“The wound should be cleaned.”
“Why wouldn’t I be serious?” I asked, confused by his seeming disbelief.
“I won’t hurt you.”  Opening his mouth, John took the human deep down his throat.  His tongue laved the underside of the cock as his lips made contact with the base.  Bobbing a few times, his eyes flicked up to assess Sherlock’s progress.
And then the door opened.
“Have they ever helped you…?”  The question was left hanging.
There was a moment of doubt but I nodded anyway.
“I do not understand the question, your majesty.”
Sherlock raised his eyebrows.  There was plenty he didn’t know about werewolves.  Transforming outside of the full moon was one such thing he didn’t know.  “It’s fine.”
“We cannot help whom we fall in love with.”
John looked him up and down.  His hair was dark and curly.  His hears were pointed.  From the waist up he was shaped like a human man with broad shoulders.  Below the waist he was like a cloven hooved animal… A deer or a goat.  As the faun came around the fire he caught a glimpse of a short tail.  The only part below the waist that looked out of place was his penis, which was hard and definitely shaped as a human man’s.
“Oh.” Rosie nodded.  “I remember now.”
“I’ve lived at the government facility that housed our project… most of that was underground except the training grounds.”  John continued to turn, staring at marvels.  “I’ve seen pictures, of course.  We were schooled.”
“I’m being moved outside of the keep.”  John answered.  “That’s just a little farther outside the keep.”
“I can see that.”  Sherlock answered darkly.
“We can both fit.”
John tried his very best to ignore the voice beside him in the dark.  Instead he kept his eyes closed, feigning sleep.
“Alright.” John answered, kissing my forehead as if I was a child.  “You don’t have to shag me to get me to stay.”
“You cock!” John laughed and playfully hit my shoulder.  We lay for a time, neither of us moving to clean up our mess.  John eventually reached for the tissues and cleaned up both our abdomens.  “Rosie will be up soon.”
“I don’t know… Is it even possible?  Could we make one?”
John took a long moment as if pondering the commands before he silently obeyed.  And within a few moments he leaned back against Sherlock’s chest, head on his shoulder.
“You love my daughter.”
Rosie abandoned her bottle and made a grab for the container of cereal in my hand.  I let her have it.  For several minutes we both watched her pick pieces out and put them in her mouth.  It seemed I was a comfortable chair for her because she made no effort to leave.
“I don’t trust it.”  John murmured.  With another spit aimed at the drain, he sat back on his pleasantly shaped bottom.  “I don’t know what to do.”
“Who is the male behind you?”  Sherlock asked as gently as he could.
“You… didn’t know.”  Sherlock readjusted his robe, suddenly very aware that he hadn’t even washed himself after pulling out of John… so eager had he been to look for information.
John rested his head on Sherlock’s belly.  “You lure men in and then reject them.”
“In case we fall asleep.”  I answered.
“Are you alright?  Did he hurt you?” Sherlock caught John’s face in his hands and turned him this way and that.  “John?”
John crossed his arms over his chest and stared at Sherlock for a long time.  Finally he shrugged.  “Master.  I am master.”
“She informed me that she ‘had’ my Dr. Watson.  I was confused.  And then she started to quote the conversation.”
With several more lazy thrusts Sherlock’s tempo changed.  Grinding himself against John’s thigh he bowed his head, resting his forehead against John’s shoulder as his rut intensified.  Finally he went still and sighed.
“John… You can have me.”  With some effort Sherlock rolled over and lifted his bottom into the air.  “I need this… So much.”
“I am the widow of a very old lord with no heirs.  His lands were given to his nephews.  There is no one to care about what happens to me.”  Lady Irene replied and pulled Lord John into the stables.  “But I am still young enough to give you heirs if you would marry me.”
“You did.”  John agreed.  “I still should have known better.”
“I could have you thrown in the dungeon… You impertinent…”
Sherlock moaned into the kiss and readjusted his legs to allow John in deeper.  One calf rested on John’s ass, helping to pull him in deeper with each down stroke.  Too soon he was holding John against him as the lord bucked wildly at the onset of his orgasm.  Sherlock held him tightly and felt something warm pulse deep within his bowels.  Frantically he reached down to give himself the few remaining strokes he needed to follow John over the edge.
John’s hands made short work of Sherlock’s clothes until they were a small pile next to his own.  “I have been hot and bothered since this afternoon when you dosed me at the lab.  I need some relief… Now!”
--TBC
Sherlock stepped out of his clothes and then briefly turned around to pick up his pajama bottoms, slipping them on over his naked bottom.  A shirt was added and he finally turned back around.
In less than a minute they were swarmed by Lestrade and his team.  Jim and Seb escaped, leaving Sherlock and John to be rescued.
“There is a comfortable guest chamber.”
“I’m not going to show you.”  I answered.
“Then go find help.”  Sherlock retorted.
John held his breath and then sighed, letting it all out.  “You know nothing, pup.”
“No.”
“Now let’s go put Rosie down for a nap and talk about us.” John suggested.
What was I to say?  How could she possibly understand what it meant to be an Omega rejected by the only Alpha they have ever wanted?  With irritation I returned to my bedroom and shut the door.  I could still smell John’s scent as it lingered.
Sherlock looked to the door of the house and then back at the former faun.  “Would you like to come in?”
“He promised.” Molly stated from her side of the door.
“Why?”
Sherlock turned in one graceful movement to stare at the man who had called out to him.  “Lord Magnussen… Or is it Milverton today?”
“I beg your pardon!”
Watson shook his head.  “Mrs. Hudson may hear us.”
John entered the bedroom and made a face at the scent of ripe Omega.  “I told Molly to take Rosie to the park.”  Taking a step towards the bed, he looked me over critically.  “You don’t look so good.”
John bit his lips, aware that his own words had come back to haunt him.  There was a tap on his shoulder.  “What is your name?”
“You were brainwashed.” I suggested.
Reaching up, John wiped the stray tears away with his fingertips.  Biting his lips, he glanced at Mary’s ring.  “When I’m ready… Will you marry me?”
“You didn’t know?”
“Sleeping rough.”
“Why are you here, John?”
“It’s better than having you wander.”  I admitted.
Yay!  I'm back!
Rosie shook her head, confused.  “He’s already my daddy.”
I didn’t want to let him in.  I wanted him to pack up Rosie and go back to his home… A home that didn’t include me.  A home that never included me.
I returned to my sister’s cell.
“I do not have anything to help make this easier.”
“Sherlock… You’re not really a sex slave.”  John protested.
“You killed them.”
Six months and not a word came from King William, known to Lord John as Lord Sherlock.  In that time the war ended.  Unexpectedly peace broke out across the land.  And yet no word came from the palace.  Lord John opted to stay in the castle he had won by conquest, sending a small portion of his household back to his ancestral lands to tend to his own castle.  Molly stayed… As did Lestrade.
It's over!  I'm done with it.  Now I shall go back and take out the "impromptu throne."  This went way off target from what I originally had planned (John had conquered a land).  And now it's done!  And I even put in elements from Season 4, Episode 3... Are you happy?  Please say you're happy.  Do you have a favorite scene?  Mine is how I describe Magnussen/Milverton.  He's my favorite Sherlock Holmes villain.
Irene stormed away and the Mists of Time covered over the scene.
They lay for a time, panting together until John rolled off and covered his face with his hand.
“Do I what?” John asked, getting up from the bed.
I kissed him to silence him.  We spent a few moments awkwardly trying to establish dominance.  I let him win.  I had to admit, he was the more experienced kisser.
Several thoughts ran through my head.  My motives were jealousy, selfishness, and horniness.  Finally I settled in a safe and simple answer.  “You’re my husband.”
“But…”
John’s internal hard drive crashed and took a while to reboot.
“That’s perfect then… we’ll be in touch.  By the way I am Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade.”  Holding out his hand John just stared at it.  “Shake hands?”
For two days John roamed the hallway of 221 Baker Street, occasionally surprising Mrs. Hudson as he made his way up or down stairs in only his skin.
The more John spoke, the worse Sherlock felt.  This warranted a call to Mycroft to demand explanations… but not while the werewolf was awake.  And there was that certain sense of kinship… himself being born to a wealthy family and being “encouraged” to settle down and marry and father as many children as he could manage.  That was a sort of breeding program… not nearly as inhumane as what John described, but one nonetheless.  The only real difference being that Sherlock would be expected to stay faithful to one female… but their children would be bundled away to schools and molded into aristocracy of their own right.
There was a knock at the door and Lestrade entered, as was his custom.  “Your highness?  Your bath has been prepared.”  The guard stood, regarding both men in the bed.  The blankets had been kicked away so he could see exactly how they were connected with John between the king’s legs.
Sherlock did as he was told and soon he was fast asleep.
“Sorry, Greg.” John answered, properly chastised.
“I know.”
“Sherlock Holmes.”  John tried out the name.
Frustrated, I responded.
“What are his plans?”  John crossed his arms over his chest.
“A wedding at court!”  Lestrade responded in awe.
A scullery maid appeared with a rag and a bucket of water.
“It is up to you.” I repeated myself.
Sherlock woke, cold and sore.  The cold was full body and bone deep.  There was a shifting movement at his side and he managed to open one eye to catch of glimpse of John sitting up.
John stared at Sherlock for a long time, his gaze never wavering.
Sherlock nodded.  “I am deeply sorry for your loss.”
John never looked at me the way he looked at James Sholto.  Had Sholto ever sent texts to John, of course John would say the same things he said to Eurus.  So the issue wasn’t that I was a man.  I’m just not a man he desired.  And for some reason that knowledge made things hurt a little more.
“You love me.”
“But… Prima… Oh…”
I shook my head, unsure what that meant.
“What is your preference?”  John whispered.
They stayed where they were for a long time, Sherlock alternating between masturbating and riding out his orgasm over and over again.  “Sherlock… Please tell me what’s happening?”  John begged whenever Sherlock went still to expel cum on the grass.
Sherlock closed his eyes and rested his head against John’s, taking in the sensation of a warm, wet body pressed against him.  It was like nothing he had ever known before.  “I could sleep like this.”
“And then there’s gossip at court…”
I have no idea what to do with this!  I'm coming up on the end of the available material.  I think I shall have to end this soon.  A couple more chapters at least.
A puzzled, hurt look crossed Sherlock’s face.
“None.”  Sherlock echoed as he took a bite of the spring roll.  Swallowing he gave John a careless smile.  “But I might be open to learning… If the right spring roll came along.”
With an indignant cry Sherlock buried his face into the seat of the chair.  “Please fuck me…”
“It was.”
Sherlock blushed and stared down at himself.  “You should know… I’m not… very tactile.  I’ve never been… the idea excites me and yet terrifies me.  I won’t know how to… to satisfy you.”  A bitter quality entered his tone and he made a face.  “You’ve had… a lot of experience and I… I’d rather not talk about my own… or lack thereof.  I can’t promise you anything… or that I can even come close to meeting your needs as a… a pack mate.  But I can offer you companionship.  You won’t be alone anymore.  And you’ll have a roof over your head and food.  You don’t even have to work.”
John shook his head.  “You didn’t know that when you gave me your number.”
“Sit beside me?”
“Do you not know?” Watson asked, waiting for Sherlock’s penis to finish.
Sherlock beckoned him closer.  “Turn around, sit down.  Lean back.”
“Alphas, John.  Not females.”
Sherlock smiled.  “We should try it at least once before we marry, don’t you think?”
“Good.” John murmured, kissing under Sherlock’s chin.  “Because I want you to cum inside of me.”
Something cold scratched at John’s skin under his scapula.  His eyes focused on her.  And then he was aware of a presence beside them.
John bit his lip and lightly touched Sherlock’s cheek.  “You can’t deny me anything when I put my mind to it… Can you?”
“No.  Stay… I’ll… I’ll sleep a little if you stay.  Tomorrow we’ll go back to our client.  Just stay with me?”
“Sleep… I can work from my mobile.  Just relax.”
“You want to come home with me?”
“Trust me.  It’s true.” I answered.  “An Omega knows when they are Undesirable.”
Quickly Sherlock took a dog tag and took a picture with his mobile, sending along with a text to Mycroft that read ‘Tell me what you know about this man.’
“Will you still hunt with me?”  Sherlock asked in a small voice.
Their first night together passed uneventfully.  Greg slept in the old nest while Sherlock and John inhabited their hut.  As John fell asleep he wondered if they should build a second hut for Greg.
Sherlock swallowed hard and arched his back a bit, staring at John.  Of course John had to know that he was fully erect once the conversation started.  His body was ready for anything John wanted.  There wasn’t really a case, of course not… But he was so bored.  “What would you have me do, master?”
“Nine days, Lord Watson.  I gave you seven days and you took nine days.”
“I will take what you say under advisement.”  John stated and left her cell to work deeper into the dungeons to the final cell.  “Your fellow slaves speak highly of you.”
I startled and looked back at the door behind me.
“Knock yourself out.”  Sherlock indicated the bed.
“Every night in hopes that I could have you.”  Sherlock answered.
“I will have you begging for mercy.” Watson smirked.
Her name was Rosamund and she was the most beautiful being John had ever seen… Aside from his king.
“No children then?” Trevor asked.
“But I’m too big…” John began, lightly patting a cheek.
“Sherlock.”  The faun smiled.
Sherlock took several calming breaths, glancing down at the man who so innocently snoozed on his thigh.  It was hard to think of him as the sexual creature Mycroft described.  And yet his genitals were fully on display, twitching every so often as John slept.  “He’s… alone… unwanted.”
“Because it’s true.” John turned away, remembering Molly’s breathed words on that terrible day.  “It’s true.”
“How do you feel?”
“I don’t…” John whispered.
“I want to show you…” Sherlock pleaded softly.
“No!  Wait, stop!”  Sherlock caught John around the waist and pulled him back down on the bed.  “He’s gone.”
“Yes, you are.”  Oh, right.  The star dancing guy on the speaker.
“Vatican Cameos!” John shouted in my ear.  I ignored him.
John reached out to gently cup Sherlock’s cheek in his hand.  His king was so young and almost naïve.  “Hopefully not for a long while.”
“I’m actually hungry.”
“But you came to me as a bed slave!”
“That’s almost as clever as Sherlock’s trick.”
As quickly as the sash was wrapped it was unwrapped and tossed back to the servant who was in charge of it.  Sherlock grinned and clapped his hands together.  “That’s done then!  Now to the feast!”
Sherlock smiled fondly at him.  “Whatever you want.”
Sherlock stopped his pacing as John entered their flat.  “Was it horrible?”
Sherlock glanced down the length of John’s body cradled against his own and nodded.
“I was watching you.”
“No, it’s not.  I can’t put your life in danger just because I want to share my life with someone.”
And then on his tenth birthday he had seen young Lord John Watson at the tournament.  Young Lord John flashed a smile at him that melted his soul.  At 16 he was already beginning to fill out into the young man he would soon become.  Sherlock watched as Lord John’s eyes trailed down to an older fighter’s codpiece and he blushed with a nervous smile.  In that instant Sherlock knew that Lord John was like himself.  In that moment he gave his heart completely to the young lord.  And as he grew he kept his eye on him.
“Your what?”  John asked, lightly touching the scales on what had been her thigh.
“You should have told me.” John agreed.  “But you didn’t.  Instead I learned it from a sister you didn’t even remember you had.”
Nervously I removed my shirt before reaching for my own mobile.
I knew estrus poisoning was the easiest way to go.  As an Omega I have always been cursed with the need for suppressants.  How easy would it be to stop them and let nature take its course?  In the days before suppressants all the desirable Omega were collected by Alpha.  Those that were undesirable were left to die when their first heat was upon them.  Had I been born in a different time period I know I would have been left to die as one of those Undesired.
John reached out and allowed Lestrade to shake his hand.  Pulling his hand away he sniffed it before resting it at his side.
“Sherlock…”
John stared back at him, a glint in his eyes from the torchlight.  “Jawn… But John is close enough.”
“Don’t you have an adviser?”  Sherlock asked.
There was movement in the room for a few moments before Sherlock’s voice called, “Better?”
“But why me?”  John demanded.
“You weren’t freeborn.”
“No.” Sherlock answered.  “You know I’m incapable of love.  It’s just sex.”
Sherlock smiled.  “Of course.”
“Not my department.”
“She can call me whatever she likes.  I don’t mind.”  Sherlock answered.
“Did Siger tell you?  Rosie will be in Sherlock’s old room and you two will be in the guest room since you share a bed.”  Eudora informed them.
“Sherlock?”  There was a muffled thump and pressure against the door.
John smiled and lay down beside Sherlock, resting a hand on the pale, naked chest of his human.  “This is what werewolves do… to reaffirm their pack.  I take in your scent.”
“Close your eyes.”  Mary commanded.
Rosie hummed as she ate cold cereal, banging her heels on the legs of the chair.
John looked up at his king and was completely surprised when a skull was tossed to him.  “What is this?”
“You’re asking me to go to bed with you.” John commented.
Sherlock obeyed, feeling his hardness pressed beside John’s.  John’s legs were open and rested on each side of him.  The position was very cozy… and very intimate.  John’s thighs hugged his own as he moved his hips slightly, sliding them together.
“Sherlock… Please…” John moaned softly.
“Eight.” John answered, kissing him.
“That’s what a pack does.”
“Right then… Molly?  Mary?  Jenny?  Back to base.”
“You might want to change.”
I didn’t know what to say.  He was angry.  “I’m sorry.”  I tried.
“Are you staying nearby?”  Sherlock frowned.
Within the hour servants arrived to haul away their things.  Mary offered her arm to John.  “Take me to the gardens.”
“She’ll be fine, John.” Sherlock answered.  “She’s safe here.”
“Of course it is…” John answered as he set the kettle to boil.  “What sort of case?”
“We have five doctors who should be ready.”
Suddenly I felt full.  I opened my eyes to find John staring down at me in surprise.  “Are you crying?”
“You said after dinner!” John tried to remind me as he set his tea on the nightstand.
“Come here…” Sherlock pulled John closer and wrapped his arms around him.
I stopped taking them the day Mary died.  The bullet that killed her was meant for me and I was on borrowed time.  I stopped taking suppressants and plunged myself into the drugs so I would forget.  I would forget that I was about to die and that my Alpha hated me with every fiber of his being.  It was better to forget and then slip away.
“You’re always so… hesitant when I do this for you.”
“It looks like you’re being lazy on my bed.”
“Dartmoor.”  Sherlock grinned.  “What else do you smell, John?”
“It’s alright…” John soothed rubbing his hand on Sherlock’s torso.  “Just relax.  Close your eyes.”
Sherlock rested his head on John’s shoulder, tightening his hold on the other lord’s waist.  “She couldn’t tell me much.  She had been given a bag of gold and promised another if she came here to murder you.  She thought she could use her status as a widow to seduce you… And she was correct.  Had I not been there you would have been found dead in the stable.  You must be careful who you bed from now on, my lord.”
“Some sort of Fae, yes.”  John answered.
“It’s for a case.”  Sherlock cut him off before he could protest.
“Sherlock…” His moan of my name brought my focus back in him.  His eyes were closed and his breath kept catching.  I could feel his hips attempting to counter mine.
“Thanks.”  Greg smiled.  “I wonder what I’ll be…”
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s waist and relaxed against him.  “I can take anything you give me, John Watson.”
“Have Lady Irene sent to the dungeons and question her on her involvement with Moriarty.”
“I can’t leave.  And you are meant for me.  I told you… It’s complicated.”  Sherlock responded just as the fog cleared to reveal a pastoral setting.
“Then I’ll make time.” Sherlock kissed his partner again.
John pushed back against Sherlock and raised his head to howl as his seed spilled on the sheets below him.  “Bite me…”
“Shall we go to bed?” Sherlock suggested.
“He hurt you again.”
Their movements became gentler.  Sherlock relaxed enough to allow John to lazily thrust into him.  His fingers eased in their grip of John’s body.
Mycroft gave an imperial sniff.  “I leave mingling DNA with werewolves to YOU, Dear Brother… not that John will ever pup with your efforts.”
On the third night Sherlock took off his clothes and lay sprawled on the bed when there was a tentative knock at the door.  “Come in.”
Mrs. Hudson frowned and shook her head.
“You’re still thinking about that?”
“How do you know that?”
“It hasn’t been the same since you left.”
John leaned in and glanced at the marks.  “Parabolic dental… prominent canines upper… Transforming werewolf.”
“I know.” John smiled at him.
“You never celebrate it.”
“A faun is a creature made for sex.”  Sherlock responded.  “But I haven’t…”
Their ride back to Baker Street was in silence.  John found himself playing with his ring, going over details from their conversation with Victor Trevor’s father.  “Why do you think he asked if you were married?”
John stepped out of the bedroom with the sheets.  Pausing for a moment he bowed his head and headed for the laundry to start the wash.
The fingers stopped.  “You can look at them later.”
John giggle softly to himself.  “Of course this means you have to take care of yourself for the sake of the baby.  No skipping meals or staying up for days on end.”
“I am treating your hysteria.”
“I was checking your honesty.  Other things too… like getting to know your unique scent.”
“How long ago did you get my text?  I sent it and went up here.”
Mary laughed softly.
“Oh gods!”  John cried out, unable to control the movement of his own hips he so desperately wanted the man above him.
--TBC
John stared back at Sherlock, eyebrows raising in surprise.
“Hard!  Hard, I order you!”
“I don’t know what you’re trying to say.”
John stared at the bed a moment.  “I need to… sleep nude.  My skin is too sensitive after my change.”
John sat for a time, staring off into the distance before he came out of whatever trance he was under and lay down in the bed at Sherlock’s side.
John nodded, glancing down at where Sherlock’s fingers disappeared inside of him.  “A long time ago.”
John gave a soft grunt and shamelessly rubbed his erection against Sherlock’s thigh before pulling away to readjust the jacket.
Molly crouched beside Rosie’s chair.  “Hello, sweetie.”
“You can barely stay silent when I administer to your need.  I can only imagine the sounds you will make when you are actually… Buggering.”
Sherlock smiled to himself.
Sherlock pulled away.  “I’ve only ever had oral sex.”
At that moment Sherlock appeared in the doorway and looked in.  “Mrs. Hudson have you seen…?  Oh, never mind.  There he is.”
“Oh… My… God…”
Everything John had done… The abuse and the sex had all been Eurus’ doing.  She had known how much John meant to me and used that to harm us both.
Finally John released Sherlock’s curls and covered his face with his hands, just a little bit ashamed of how easily and quickly it escalated from feigned sleep to sexual satisfaction.  His partner seemed to know what he was doing.  That hurt John’s heart just a little bit.  He knew the Woman must have taught Sherlock.  And he didn’t want to think about the Woman with Sherlock.  Besides… It was only sex, not love as Sherlock had reassured him.
“Mm…” Sherlock gave a non-committal hum.  His body needed more but he didn’t want to scare John away.
John looked down at himself, surprised to see a horse’s chest below his own belly button.  His coat was blond, his hooves grey.  “I’m a centaur?”
Sherlock led the werewolf through the city until they came to the hospital.  Pulling John down into the morgue he smiled at Molly Hooper.  “I’m here for Lestrade’s case.”
“It doesn’t matter.  He hurt you.  I am your pack, your alpha… I protect you.”
John moved over to allow his king room.  “Your highness?”
“Scott Sherlock Holmes?”
“John… Let me down.”
John smiled back and curled up on the couch, his head resting on Sherlock’s thigh.  Tucking his hands up under his chin, he gave a small sigh.  “Full moon is in four days.”
“Clearly he’s a danger to you.”  Sherlock stated.
John held up the glove.  “Yes.”
“That’s no excuse!  You had been tortured and I threw you to the ground.  I’m sorry.”
John shrugged.  “Young.  Small.  He had… Wild dark curls and pale eyes.  I am told he looked a lot like his mother.  But the queen died in childbirth, bringing him into the world.”
I gave a helpless chuckle.  “That was the point.”
Sherlock sat up and pulled off the shirt.  For a moment he stayed where he was as if he was unsure what to do before laying down on his belly.
“Your mum always spoils Rosie.” John glanced at his partner, Sherlock.
John unzipped his zipper.
John laughed with her.
John stood in the bedroom doorway, watching Sherlock nervously unbutton and unzip.  Casually he closed the door in case Rosie wandered downstairs to use the toilet.
I shook my head.
“John… he’s already dead!”
There was a presence at the door and Sherlock turned to look, expecting to see Molly.  It was John.
John pulled me up from the floor and together we went to the next room.
“Yes, but when will that be?” John sighed.
“She’ll learn never to eat at a restaurant!”
“So the murders could happen at any time.  They may not hunt in the evening.”
“I’m sorry.”
Sherlock set the wine down before slouching in bed.  “None.  Deep down there will always be doubt that this is some sort of duty to me.  Perhaps you feel it’s your duty to please me.  I will wonder if I’m being selfish and should let you go back to your lands.”
Sherlock left the bathroom.  His face was damp and his fishnets were gone, leaving only the gown.
John crossed the room to kneel beside the couch near Sherlock’s hips.  “I think it’s a good thing you turned up the heat.”
“You may be close to my age but you lack any experience with mating.  Only our cubs lack mating experience.”  John settled down next to the human, resting his head on Sherlock’s shoulder.  His hand rested on a naked hip.
John raised his head to catch Sherlock’s lips and for a time they kissed as they moved.
“And you are my valiant Lord John…” Sherlock reached out and touched John’s cheek to raise his gaze.  “You’re safe now.”
“Why not?”
“Yes.” Sherlock answered.
John nodded in agreement.  “I live to serve you, your highness.”
“How do you know?”
John bit his lips, aware of his position above Sherlock.  On hands and knees with his face near Sherlock’s upper back.  Sherlock’s bottom attempting to make contact with John’s crotch.  Inside his pants he was hard.  Could Sherlock feel it?  Did he care?  Was he aware of how sexual their position was?
“I swear I won’t ask for anything you’re not able to give.  We can live together just like this if that’s what you want.  We don’t have to share a bedroom.  Just a piece of paper to…”
“What?”  John’s voice came from the kitchen.
“What?”  John asked as he sat across from Sherlock, eating Chinese.
“That’s very kind of you…”
Rosie contemplated her biscuit as she pursed her lips.  “My father?” A look of confusion crossed her face.
John raised his head to look at Sherlock.
Sherlock grunted but continued, pushing in first one finger and then a second.  “You bathed.”
“He may need a safe place to stay during the full moon so the general public won’t see him and cause a panic.”
“You can never disappoint me.”  Sherlock murmured, wrapping his arm around John’s waist and pulling him back against his bare chest.
“Are you really going to let him stick his grubby little hand down your…”
“Why?  You’ve never cared about any of your conquests before.”
“Fine.”  Sherlock replied.
From John’s first night in the flat they shared a bed.  There was nothing sexual about it.  It was merely a place to sleep.  Sherlock often went to bed much later than John did.  And John rose earlier than Sherlock.  They had yet to spend much waking time together in the bed.
“Why, what?”  John queried.
“Unless you don’t want to be…” His voice trailed off as he stared at the cuts and bruises on my face.  “If your Alpha hurts you, you know you have options.”
“People change.  He lost someone he loved.”
Sherlock replayed the video for John to watch.
“Did she hurt you?”  Sherlock knelt between John’s feet, resting his hands on John’s knees.
“Why would I need bed slaves?”  Watson mused from where he sat.
Seeing no deceit or hidden motive there, Sherlock nodded.  This wasn’t like with Victor Trevor.  There had been a hidden motive in his eyes but not John’s.  “Will it hurt you?”
Sherlock nodded.
I desperately wanted John to claim me and make me his in the way he belonged to me.  But there was no way I could say it.  “That is up to you.”
Sherlock stared down at where his dumpling had been, the space left vacant with only a puddle of soy sauce to show where it had been.  “You stole my dumpling.”
“Tell me why you are here.”
“I’m sorry it took so long.” Sherlock answered from where he sat in Scott Trevor’s office.
John rested his hand on Sherlock’s chest, feeling his heart.  “I told you… I won’t hurt you.  Pack don’t hurt each other.”
“Do I get to know what you were sniffing me for?”
Sherlock reached for the lube and quickly slicked up two finger, pushing them into John.
“Morstan had no children.  His wife was pregnant when they married… And the man she laid with was the traitor, Victor Moriarty.  This woman is worthless… A bastard.  She is the same blood as the traitor and his heir James.  She came here to kill me so I wouldn’t tell her secret.”
Sherlock adjusted himself on the bed so his legs were no longer hanging off the edge.  His hand reached out to run his fingers through Watson’s hair.  “Come here.”
“Again?”
“Yes, your highness.”  And with that Lestrade was gone.
“Like… I know that video excited you.”
“I want more… I want…” Sherlock moaned pressing back against John’s warmth.  “Please, John.”
“What?”
“These are… For the bed chamber.”  The man grinned and bowed again.
Sherlock shook his head and shifted closer.  “There will be a body left behind for them to find.  It won’t really be you but they won’t know that.”
“She already knows.”  Sherlock answered.
Sherlock stirred and looked at John’s hand.  A conflicted look passed through his eyes.  “I should… Go question Lady Irene.”  Getting up he reached for his discarded robe, unmindful to the mess on his belly.  After pulling the robe over his head he gathered Lord John’s trousers and tunic.  “Lestrade should return shortly.  He will protect you.”
“Daddy?”
With a sigh Sherlock got up on his hands and knees, facing the one way mirror so his upper body blocked the view of anyone watching them.  It also served to present his arse to John.  Sherlock was pleasantly surprised when John took the hint and arranged himself between the detective’s feet.
John finally went still and I swallowed and swallowed, tasting John for the first time everywhere at once.  It caused me to choke.  John released my curls and stepped away, tucking himself back into his pants and putting his trousers to rights.  Crossing the room, he sat down on his chair, leaving me alone on my knees in the middle of the room.
“You’re going to get us killed!”  Mary snarled at John.  “Have some self-control!  He moved you to the south tower away from him?  So what?  He’s the bloody king!  He can do as he pleases with you.  He can stick you in the south tower… Or he can stick your head on a pike.  Don’t fight this, John.  He’s our king.”
“But why?”  John demanded.
I stared at the mobile in confusion.
Sherlock shrugged.  “She really didn’t say anything.  I made sure she was comfortable in my rooms and then came to you.”
Sherlock closed his eyes, feeling the pressure built.  Finally it was too much and he ejaculated.  “Watson… Why do we do this?”
“What is it?” John asked.  But for months Sherlock never answered.
Sherlock stayed where he was, not moving.
Sherlock shifted his attention to the scar on John’s shoulder.  “This is a badge of honor.  You won it while in my service.”  Lightly he kissed the scar, licking it.  “If you are that concerned… Bed her in the darkness.”  Sherlock crawled down John’s body to lick his cock.  “I, myself, prefer bedding you when I can see you.”  And with that Sherlock swallowed John down to the base, humming softly as he bobbed.
“Why are we being moved, Lestrade?”  Lord John asked.
“That’s fine.” John kissed him again.
“Your lady wife, Mary, has been found.”
John recalled what Sherlock had yelled at Mycroft the day the flat had been bombed.  “We’re family.”
“But you’re not ready for penetration… either way… even with you inside of me.”
“Are you going to dirty up bed after Mary went to the trouble of putting on clean sheets?  Yes, a shower… Or a bath if you prefer.”
“Your friends.  I know soldiers when I see them.”
John giggle softly to himself.  “Of course this means you have to take care of yourself for the sake of the baby.  No skipping meals or staying up for days on end.”
Magnussen ran a hand up John’s arm, leaving a trail of oily sweat and his pungent body odor behind.  “Strong.  I suppose if you like that sort of thing.  He’s good for standing on all fours like the animals he’s surrounded by…  A little tumble in the straw in his stall.”
Molly nervously looked to Sherlock for support.  There was none.  “No reason…”
“When did you arrange this?”  John asked, looking at all the detail with awe.  It was clear no thought was given to expense.
“You were a warg soldier.  They set you free… alone.”
Lestrade appeared and looked between his accosted king and the lord panting on the floor.
I went to his knees and undid the button and zip of John’s trousers.  With a glance up at John to gauge his reaction, I pulled down the front of John’s pants and immediately took the flaccid organ into my mouth.  John felt and tasted wonderful.  Often I fantasized about sucking John off until orgasm so I could taste his semen.  There was something immensely appealing about taking a part of John into myself.  As I sucked and licked the organ came to life in my mouth.
John nodded gamely.  “Where to?”
I also knew that John has a history of roaming.  I wondered what happened when he got bored.  Could I handle the inevitable jealousy I may feel if he drifted away to someone else’s bed?  Could I give him what he needed?  Would he allow it?
John sat up and looked at me in a way I knew meant that I had said something wrong.  “Is that why you did this?  Because you think I’ll cheat on you?”
“We both fit if you take a bath.”
John made a “turn around” gesture with his hand and unzipped the gown, allowing it to fall on the floor.  His fingers picked at the laces that held the hips in place.
Later that day they both found themselves at Buckingham Palace.
Two hours later they left Lestrade and his local law enforcement to clean up as they returned to the inn.  Upon entering the room Sherlock found himself pinned to the door by John who had a predatory gleam in his eyes.  “John?”
“Why?”
Sherlock kicked him away and cried out, “Lestrade!”
Bet you thought I forgot about this one, huh?  It's been sitting on my hard drive with a half written second chapter for years.  I suppose I should finish it.  Here's chapter 2!  I should finish up with a chapter 3 in the near future.
Rosie slid off of Sherlock’s lap and returned to the couch, taking her place between Molly and her father.
I stood up and kissed him.  His arms wrapped around my neck and he laid back, pulling me on top of him.  We took a moment to situate ourselves on the bed.  “Dinner?”
“That’s your cub, Ian… how old is he now?”
“As a proper lady, I should hope not.”
“Her desire was to have a child of her own… Something she couldn’t have in the Fairy Realm.”  Sherlock took a deep breath and then took John’s hand, pulling him away from the scene.
The young man stepped in close to John.  Something hard pressed into the doctor’s gut.  “I’m not asking.”
“He’s… He’s… I don’t know why he changed his mind.”
“But I wasn’t your pack back then…”
“Now it sounds foolish and I’m glad we didn’t try it.  It would have been a disaster.”
“You told me it might save my life one day.”  Sherlock retorted, leaning back against the wall, his energy draining.
“They weren’t a good fit.” Sherlock answered.
“I can do two things at once.”
“That’s not how it works.  We’re kept separate.  My pack didn’t even have any females in it.  We were all male and alpha born… the ultimate fighting team.  My mother’s pack has my sister, her daughters and my own daughters.  They will only ever breed with human males.  My sons will be given human females to breed with when they reach maturity… like I was.”
Sherlock closed his eyes and tried desperately to forget what he had seen.  The unnatural monstrosity that shouldn’t exist… The hound.  And yet as his heart raced his trousers tightened.  It was just as distracting as the obvious hallucination.  Absently he reached down to rub the heel of his hand against his erection, desperately trying to will it away.  The counterpoint of panic and need weren’t helping his frame of mind.
“I was cold.”
“You were very young.” Trevor admitted.  “You were completely devastated by his disappearance.  You were too young to deal with the trauma… The loss.”  Pulling his hands from the blotter to cross over his chest, he sat back in his chair.  “For a long time I had hope.  I hoped that he had merely been kidnapped and raised by another family.  At least he would have had a chance to grow up… Maybe have a family of his own.  Are you married, Sherlock?”
Molly approached the table and looked over the scattered balls of bread.  “And how is that going?”
“Warg… male… human mate.”  John sniffed deeper.  “Lost his pack a while ago… it smells like… Red Sigma pack.  They were killed over a year ago.  He’s a beta… and… Alex.”
Sherlock ignored Lestrade and approached the circle while  raising a gloved hand. He stopped a meter short of the perimeter and parted his  lips, shooting a narrow stream of blue flame that crawled along the edge of the  circle, growing and shifting until it seemed to encase the figure within.  Sherlock closed his eyes, clenched his fingers and pulled.
Sherlock was calm as he turned up the color of his coat and lowered  his piercing gaze on Lloyd’s sweating face. “More to the point, who has the  strength to break through a heavily warded police station? This is one of the  most secure buildings in the city. It would be interesting to know who or what  could overcome that.”
“I hope they plan to torture you for centuries.”
“Yeah I’m right there with you,” John agreed, gazing at the  blue walled bubble that encased the three of them along with the Followers.
Sherlock hit the ground hard, his tail whipping around and  cushioning John’s body before he could slam into the cracked cement of a  crumbling loading dock. John wriggled free just in time to keep himself from  falling as Sherlock’s body shrank and twisted back into its human form.
John and Sherlock made quite the  pair as they marched down the carpet. John was dressed in a sleek  blue uniform that clung to his body like a second skin. From the way  Sherlock kept stealing glasses at his ass he was pretty sure the  pants were leaving nothing to the imagination. Sherlock wore a dove  grey mourning coat over a tight white shirt and well fitted trousers,  with shiny black boots and a top hat to complete the ensemble. John  couldn’t wait to peel it off of him.
John shrugged and stared at the floor. “I’m fine. My dad’s a  dick and frankly I wasn’t expecting to ever see him again but here we are.  Anyway I’d better go after his highness before he decides to set fire to one of  your colleagues out of sheer frustration.”
“I’m surprised your brother hasn’t put a stop to this.” John  stepped over the legs of a thin purple man who wore nothing but a loincloth and  a battered top hat. The man blinked, eyeing John with a kind of hunger that  turned conciliatory at Sherlock’s challenging glare.
“Oh come on Mycroft, what’s a  wedding without a family fight? I feel properly married now.” Greg  bumped his shoulder into Mycroft’s who smiled back indulgently.
“Enough!” The three intruders roared and as Sherlock stepped  forward they moved as one, their robes whipping around them bleeding scarlet  trails.
“Well done lad! I‘ve never seen dragon fire used quite like  that before. Neat trick!” A short, compact man dressed in a dapper blue suit  grinned from the sidelines. His skin shone with a coppery sheen and his dirty  blond hair peeked out from under a derby hat and hung around his face in dozens  of tiny braids. His eyes were shrewd and a familiar deep blue.
Greg winked at Mycroft. “We’ll  need another bottle. Maybe three.”
“Yeah we’ve established that.” Lloyd eyed them warily.  “You’ve got what you wanted. I’m all yours.”
The man dismissed John’s dangerous body language, his grin  widening. He leaned in and sniffed then raised an eyebrow. “Well, well. Looks  like things have changed since the last time we saw each other. Just what  exactly have you been up to Johnny boy?”
Lestrade pushed Mycroft away, leaned his head back and  pinched his nose. “Of course they will. I know Lloyd is John’s da but he is a right  dick. Is the map even real?”
Lestrade traced the writing with his finger and attempted to  chant the first syllables. Mycroft wrenched him back and shoved a hand over his  mouth. “Do not speak them aloud! Those words are not steps to a physical  destination. They are a power unto themselves and will bind you to the will of  the one who gave them to you.”
John shivered in the circle of  Sherlock’s arms as they turned to watch Mycroft and Greg make their  way down the aisle. Their steps were matched as they walked together  at an unhurried pace with their hands clasped between them. There  were heated murmurings from the crowd, some approving but others  questioning or even derisive. The pair ignored them as they made  their way to the front to stand beside Sherlock and John. A high  pitched whistle startled the crowd into silence as a burst of  sparkling fire spewed forth from the center of the altar. A  shimmering figure draped in an abundance of gold cloth stepped from  the flames and floated gently to the ground to stand before Mycroft  and Greg. The face was hidden deep within the folds of fabric but two  glowing green eyes glittered from the shadowed depths.
Lloyd pouted and pointed a finger at  his son. “Oh come on Johnny boy would you really choose two old  lizards and a freakish two-shifter rather than your old man? And  after all I’ve done for you too! Really Johnny, it breaks my heart,  it really does.”
The trio of red robed figures nodded in unison.
“He doesn’t look very worried does he,” Lestrade remarked as  Sherlock and John came to stand beside him.
He trailed Lestrade out onto the flat roof of the  beleaguered police station. The fox stood on a wide and low concrete railing  and stared out over the city. The sun was setting and muted purples and reds  spread out over the evening sky. A dark shape flew steadily through the clouds  disappearing into the distance.
The Followers of the Mark stood in a serene circle in the  middle of the fighting. They remain untouched as the battle whirled around them  and they ignored the dragons, instead keeping their eyes on the doorway and the  three men who were stepping out of it. Perhaps that should have been a clue  Lestrade mused as they each raised a staff. Bolts of blue lightning shot from  the ends and the screams of men and howls of put upon dragons were cut off.
“Well he won’t be getting any magic through the dampening  field and my handcuffs already don’t like him so don’t be too worried.”  Lestrade reached into his coat and handed Sherlock a microphone and a set of earbuds.  “I’m wired so you can listen in and suggest routes of inquiry but keep the  talking to a minimum. I don’t need you distracting me.”
“I hate you.”
Lloyd tossed his hat in the air and  bowed as it landed perfectly on his head. “Oh come on John, I  didn’t put all this time and effort in for you to be some lapdog to  a sloppy second! I’m here to rescue you from your own foolishness!  You Johnny boy are meant for much greater things.”
John rolled his eyes and swept his gaze  around the temple. The pews were empty. “Hey,” he declared,  “where did everybody go?”
“Hi, my name is Greg Lestrade and I’m here to rescue you.”
“It is time.” The figure  intoned. “Let us begin.”
“Oh my god –“
John eyed Greg’s hips swaying into  Mycroft’s and quickly looked away. “Right.”
Sherlock’s skin glowed with the  faint outline of blue-green scales. “They covet what they cannot  have, and they are all the more dangerous for it.”
The robed figures bent their heads together murmuring words  too low to hear then straightened. “You are the son.”
The stench of blood and death soaked the evening air. The  victim was blue, furry and sitting cross-legged within a painted circle on the warehouse’s  concrete floor.  The body remained  upright even though its neck and wrists ended in charred stumps.  A green haze remained outlining the shapes of  the missing body parts.
Sherlock’s face contorted with pain and his dragon nature faded  until he crumpled to the floor returned to his human form.
Sherlock chuckled and raised his arms. Brilliant blue wings  of soft buttery leather erupted from his back and his body twisted and  elongated and morphed into the shape of a large scaly dragon.
“Shut up.” Sherlock growled but took John’s hand in his and  pulled him through the crowd, catching the lift just before the doors closed.
John pulled a fist back.
“Hey neat trick!” Lloyd flashed his son a quick and admiring  grin. “How about you teach me that?”
John grabbed Sherlock and hurled them  both to the side as a bright flare of fire shot from Lloyd’s  fingertips. Sherlock gasped and his eyes went wide as they sought  John’s. His lips parted as if to speak and then fell closed as he  slumped in John’s arms. A festering line of burnt flesh seared his  throat and his breaths while still strong were labored and pained.
“Yeah, yeah, yeah, you crazy wankers.” Lestrade ran his  fingers through his hair and then reached out as if trying to pull his dragon  closer. “Mycroft. What have they done?”
“Oi! Stop that. Let me go you git!”
The rows of seats were filled with  every kind of fey imaginable and a few John had thought were only  stories until he was faced with their curious stares. Music somehow  swelled from above and below and all around them, filling the space  with a stately melody that felt slightly off beat.
The water felt good against his  aching muscles, warm and soothing. He stood beneath the spray,  working his fingers through his golden hair until it shined with an  unearthly glow. His jaguar paced beneath his skin, restless and  alert, as if it knew it shared the space with something that didn’t  belong there.
“John.”
Rolling his eyes Lestrade wriggled out of Mycroft’s grasp  and settled down to sketch a diagram of streets leading to a location he didn’t  recognize. He then drew what looked to be a series of halls and stairways and  finished with a scribbled “X” over a particular door.
When John was finished he emerged  feeling better but not whole. He ignored his impulse to choose a long  sleeved shirt and instead pulled on a tight white vest. He refused to  hide the Mark from Sherlock, though sparks of pain rippled through  his head as he resisted the urge. John was a soldier. He knew when to  respect authority - and when to obliterate orders into atoms before  anyone else could read them. He was a man of war, but he wasn’t  anyone’s tool.
“Look this is all a misunderstanding.” Lloyd squirmed  uncomfortably as Lestrade’s claws dug into his skin. “Besides everything was  rigged and I don’t owe anything to a bunch of cheaters!”
Lestrade replied with a rude hand gesture aimed in  Sherlock’s direction that turned into a sarcastic bow. “The body is this way you  royal git. We also have a witness I might let you speak to if it won’t  interfere too much with your busy schedule.”
Lloyd’s hands clenched at the hem of his shirt as if he were  fighting to keep from retaliating. “Ow! Shit Johnny boy what do you want from  me?”
Lloyd screamed as a host of red shadows wound themselves  around him. Every nerve in his body misfired as he was assaulted with razor  sharp burning pain. He couldn’t see, couldn’t hear, couldn’t breathe. He  couldn’t breathe! He couldn’t …
Sherlock sighed, pulling John behind  him as he came to stand in front of Mycroft and Greg. Inclining his  head only slightly he intoned, “I, Sherlock William Scott Holmes,  second to the house of Dragon, do swear my oath and fealty to Mycroft  Aloysious Holmes, first of the house of Dragon and support his right  to the throne of the Old Ones. Gods help us all.”
“He’s a fucking wanker.” John stepped back and let out a  long breath, his lip curling with contempt. “And yes. He’s my … father.”
John groaned and began pumping erratically, chasing his release. He came with a shout, eyes pressed close as he slowly filled Sherlock up.
Mike and John arrived at the party and immediately John went in search of Sherlock, leaving Mike to awkwardly work the room.
The officer pulled away from the curb and Sherlock could hear Moriarty screaming his name.
"No, you're right," John agreed. He felt foolish and wished the ground would swallow him up.
"Eating the raven?" Mycroft asked.
Sherlock:
"I would only date Mycroft Holmes if we were the last people on earth and there were no sheep. Are there sheep?"
John paid for their taxi and then walked up to the man. "Is everything ready, Mike?"
He put their clothes in the dresser in the bedroom and their toiletries in the adjoining bathroom.
"That's true," Greg replied. "But would it really be so bad to start from scratch?"
"Not at all, I was merely noting that it was timing," he looked sidelong at John, "and perhaps your choice in partner, that caused Emilia Ricoletti to have the breakdown which resulted in her assault of your home, the attempted murder of yourself and John, and her eventual suicide."
They stood in each other's arms just reveling in their combined warmth. After a moment, Sherlock spoke.
"Kiss me!" she muttered.
"Besides, you're looking at this wrong way," Mycroft said, "think of it as a form of protest."
a crime scene, but it was damn near close enough.
Sherlock:
Sherlock's head snapped up and looked up to see John smiling at him. He smiled back.
"Yeah, yeah," Bertie replied. "£500 should about cover it. Anything over that and you're on your own." He pulled out a wad of cash and thrust it at Greg.
Mrs Hudson softened. "It's not as though it's going to be for very much longer, is it? Soon Sherlock will be back and she'll see how mistaken she is in you returning her affections."
Sherlock laughed.
Sherlock moaned and his hands went to grasp the doctor's arse. John's hands gripped Sherlock's shoulders as the detective gently lay John on the sofa. He bent over him, peppering John's chest and neck with kisses.
The man chuckled. "Depends on the client, some do better seeing it in physical form. Others have to have it done in an email so they can copy/paste the corrections, others still have to have it fed to them fix upon fix, because they can only focus on one thing at a time."
Sherlock pushed past him and yelled over his shoulder, "Some brother you are!" and ran up the stairs.
"Thank you," came the chorus replies from the other three.
The man turned around, and John thanked every one of his lucky stars, individually and by name. It
"You have got to be kidding me!" Sherlock cried, throwing his arms in the air.
Greg glared at him and got up without a word.
John let out a sigh, "Yeah, I'll do what I can."
Something that didn't sit well with Phillip. Greg supposed it was nice that the cameraman was defending the often cantankerous star of the show, but it was causing more trouble than it was worth. Something he'd had just gotten through explaining to Phillip. Of course there was the fact that no one could prove that Sherlock or Anderson had even laid eyes on Dr Watson before that day. That helped soothe the cameraman's feathers. And the raws didn't lie, there was someone else in that hallway.
"Oh dear," Mrs Hudson fluttered. "I'm sure I'll manage, John. Mike has been so helpful, I'm sure if I ask, he'll be happy to stick around for a couple more days."
"Huh," John said as he timed the pulse. "Not my type."
Sally and Sherlock shared a glance.
John just glared at Bertie and went to go give Mike a hand up.
Sherlock was the very image of sin and John ached for a taste.
John's usual plan was to ignore the giant twat until he fucked off to wherever it was this
John unbuttoned his shirt slowly, teasing Sherlock by revealing his skin bit by bit.
It took John several trips to get everything he needed with his cane and all, but asking Sherlock was out of the question.
Molly laughed. "I don't know; then Mike, maybe?"
Sherlock looked behind him and smiled at the goofy grin John was sporting. He shook his head and went into the house.
They threw a huge party at Baker Street. Mycroft wasn't as spry as he used to be, Mrs Hudson had to be helped up the stairs to 221B, and Molly and Greg brought Will and Lily. But there were others there as well, former clients, members of various other police departments, friends they met along the way, all of them crammed into the tiny space that was the living room.
As Sherlock watched her walk off a horrible thought descended. "Oh shit."
Sherlock and John shared a glance before they started laughing with the newly appointed angel.
Also, I CANNOT resist making Mike Stamford the reason John and Sherlock meet, no matter what universe it is.
"Good luck, boss!" Wiggins cheerily.
Soon there was a tinkling of glass, as Mycroft tapped a knife against his wine glass to get everyone's attention.
Hello and welcome to another rendition of depression is a bitch and I hate it soooo much.
"And what a lovely cause it is, too," rumbled a smooth voice above them.
Mycroft sighed heavily. "I am immediately notified when either one of you makes a purchase that large."
"So, you're Watson's little poofter, eh?" Seb said with a sneer.
"It's becoming clearer, but it still doesn't explain why he would
"Tomorrow is the 29th," John said, turning briefly to smile at Sherlock before returning his eyes to the front.
John's back was to the camera, but Sherlock's face was in sharp relief. This was the face of a lover with fire in his heart. David and Mary gasped. There was no doubt that Sherlock loved John.
"Fuck off, of course he has," Sherlock growled.
"Someone's nervous," Mike said from the doorway.
John sighed. There was nothing he could do until Mycroft was through talking to her. He slumped into a nearby plastic chair and hung his head over his knees, elbows on his thighs. Five minutes later a cup of very black coffee was being thrust under his face.
He rounded a corner and came face to face to a very smug Bertie, his arm draped over Sherlock's shoulders possessively.
John glared at her and then turned to finish his task.
"'Piss off'," the man replied.
"I told you you could call me Greg," Greg replied.
"I really am sorry this is happening to you, John. Honest."
The remaining girl held up her hands, "I'm all thumbs, if I went anywhere near a needle I'd bleed all over the damned thing
"Don't worry," John said as he moved to sit down, "My plans for tonight are very earthly, and if I'm lucky, things might even get outright dirty."
"He was late," Julie insisted.
"Oh? Not like it surprises me, but wow."
"Thank you for this," Sherlock said, halfway through dinner.
"Chocolate."
Mycroft stormed off and ran up the stairs, but Sherlock was fast on his heels.
John huffed out a happy wheeze. "Well, Sherlock did the tackling, I just made sure he stayed down."
"My great, great grandfather, I believe," John replied. "Why?"
"Sherlock!" Irene exclaimed. "How goes your sojourn in Ireland?"
John watched as Cathy got dressed. She appeared to be quite satisfied after the sex, but John only felt disappointment. It was middling at best, and he barely got off.
"Oh!" John said. "You're Sherlock's brother-in-law!"
She rolled her eyes, "Do it!"
He spotted Mycroft about to take another shot of something and rushed over. "Hey, hey. Let me have this one." But before he could take it from Mycroft, the boy downed it in one gulp.
Cathy, on the other hand, just wanted to get John home and rip all his clothes off before she withered from sexual frustration.
"A couple's retreat," Sherlock groused. "I've seen pictures; that place deserves more than something as base and boring as that."
John coughed. "I got invalided out, ruined my medical and military career."
John frowned. The only people who knew how badly he got hurt were him, the coach and Mike.
"Emilia Ricoletti was deranged before she had heard of you, Sherlock," John argued. "She was always going to fixate on someone. It could have been a sports figure like me or even an actor or musician. We don't know enough about her past to speculate about how, when, or why she decided on you. But it. Does. NOT. Matter."
"I hate the way you talk to me
Sherlock opened his mouth and then closed it. "Only a handful, and of those handful, only two lasted longer than the night," he admitted shyly.
"Comes from getting something off your chest that had been weighing you down for years," John murmured. "You feel weightless because the stone you had been carrying for so long is gone, but the effort it took to get it off is draining."
They both nodded.
Sherlock's brain had finally gone offline.
Sherlock tossed his hair out of his face and shoved his hands into his pockets. "As per the agreement in the written trust, I am here in person to ask for the release of the sum owed to me as set up by our parents."
"Oh, um... I don't know who else you can ask. I'd say your brother, but..."
She raised her hands in surrender. "Fine. So why did Sherlock deck you?"
"You'll live; I'm going to be there, remember?"
Toby: What all was expanded?
John raised an eyebrow and then looked carefully between the two. Now having Sherlock in front of him, he could see the similarities in the profile and bearing.
Sherlock looked at his watch. He kissed Mrs Hudson on the cheek. "It's all right, Mrs H." He turned to John. "If I had a quid for every time someone called me a dick, or some other lowbrow insult, I'd be rich."
"Dear lord, you are dramatic," Mycroft huffed. "Yes, I won't ask you again."
Anderson was at a loss. He didn't know how to reply to Sherlock not screaming at him, so he didn't and dutifully followed the two men to the rear of the property.
The dancers cheered and the rugby boys laughed.
Mrs Hudson rolled her eyes, "Nice try, you frog. I understand that you flashed yourself in the dining hall today."
John frowned. "How long have you had this?" He completely ignored
Hello, and welcome to day three! I hope you're as excited as I am.
Mike and John walked into the Criterion and looked around.
"I'm afraid so, Lockie," Mycroft said sadly. "I had Langdale Pike look into it."
Sherlock rolled his eyes. He was starting to wonder what he saw in Bertie. But now he had to solve the problem of getting home
Mycroft opened his mouth to argue, but sighed. "You win."
Greg cocked his head. "Yeah well, it's a good thing that Mycroft was out of the country otherwise that little stunt you pulled wouldn't have worked."
"Oh, sorry," John said. "Shall we go inside?"
John smiled and sighed happily. Despite it all, the chaos and the missed opportunities, this was the perfect ending for the year.
Sherlock couldn't speak.
"I know that 'oh', what's up, love?"
"I know how that goes," John agreed. "Now that I'm out of the army, I worry I'll just pack on the pounds."
It was feast or famine when it came to Sherlock's touch, it seemed. Once Sherlock understood that it was the touches John missed the most, they came back tenfold. Sherlock couldn't pass John without trailing his fingers down some part of John's body.
Hello! Sorry this took sooooo long (it's been a week lol!) I finished it on Wednesday but both me and my beta were busy until tonight.
"The first one I get, the second one, you'll have to explain to me," John said.
"God no!" Greg said, holding up his hands in defense. "I was just doing a shit job of trying to make a joke."
The next couple of days saw Sherlock eating off John's plate and the doctor making sure to prepare enough for two, or at least one and half. By the time the week was out, Sherlock was back on his feet and terrorizing Lestrade for cases. John wasn't surprised when the Detective Inspector told him in no uncertain terms that Greg would not let Sherlock anywhere near a crime scene until he got the okay from John. Something John refused to give.
"Yes! Oh, yes, Sherlock!" John said as he came up for breath.
"Mycroft!" Mummy chastised.
"Not at all," Sherlock said slowly, as if he were speaking to a child or dimwit. "If the two scenes are well written, the reader will form their own conclusions on how the characters got from point A to point B."
"Which is a good thing," Mike said with a wink. "You can trust me to be a gentleman, unlike these fatheads."
Sherlock chuckled. "My best matchmaking, yet."
Sherlock nodded and accepted the eggs John handed him with a hum of thanks.
He reached for John's cheek and kissed it soundly, causing John to swerve a bit on the road. But once he had righted them, he chuckled.
Of course, his imagination might have not been so fanciful if he knew whether or not he was allowed to touch back. Well, okay. He touched back. But just the regular touches from before his disastrous birthday party. Oh, how he wanted to do more. It was going to drive him mad.
"Her purse!" Sherlock hollered over his shoulder.
Mycroft was on his bed staring at the ceiling and wondering where it all went wrong. He stood up and went to the window. Outside on the old tire swing, Sherlock dangled listlessly.
Sherlock just shook his head.
It would be nice to say that they became best friends after that, but they were two men stuck in a singular location with limited places to go and cool off. So to say tempers still flared on occasion would be an understatement.
John patted Mike on the shoulder and Mike went to the waiting taxi, letting it carry him away.
Mycroft sat down hard on his chair. "Do send him in, won't you?"
John laughed. "Yeah, nothing like a good chippy to make one feel better after a panic attack."
Soon both shirts were gone, dumped onto the floor, and both men ran their hands over each other's chest. Their kisses were heated and refused to stay on their mouths, instead roving over necks, ears, shoulders; anywhere they could reach without denying the other the pleasure of kissing their partner.
Toby: Well, "The Spring of the Gryphon" is not "Griffin's Steps", as it continues to rise on the best sellers' lists.
"Is this idiot bothering you?" a cool voice asked from behind John.
John bit his lip. "Bisexual, if I had to put a label on it. Could be pan or whatever the kids are calling it these days. But, yeah. I've had both boyfriends and girlfriends."
On the back was a coupon to a dress shop in town called Tegan's that would allow her to pick out the dress of her dreams. It was mysterious and little strange, but she supposed it was better than having a dress magically appear in her locker. Now the question was to go or not to go?
Once Greg found his tongue he chuckled and lifted the lapel of the suit jacket, "What, this old thing? It was just something I had lying around."
What John didn't love, however, were those first twenty minutes after opening when "Sherlock Darling" came in to chat with shop owner Mrs Hudson. Well that, and the pitying glances at his cane.
Sherlock laughed.
"Sorry, John, I have a hard enough keeping track of my own things most of the time," she replied.
Sherlock ducked his head and turned to the side. "No one has loved me the way you do," he admitted.
Sherlock frowned. "I don't believe I told you his name..."
John shook his head and turned to Bertie, "All right, that's
John smiled at how happy Sherlock was with the new place. It was an Edwardian brownstone and was as cozy as it was secure.
Sherlock huffed, his fingers and legs dancing up and down as John steadily ignored him in favor of the evening paper.
“I did!”
They kept up the lively chatter as they ate, Sherlock's food disappearing without him realizing it.
John looked around, too. "Well, we all drove our own cars, but there's no need for that many cars. Let's see," he counted off people in his head, "there are nine of us. Five of you and four of us...and since we've all been there," he pointed to his friends, "we can put at least one of us in each car to give directions."
Greg grabbed him by the shoulders, "Is he worth all this?"
"Oh, no you don't," John huffed. "I intend to make this night last."
"I missed you," Sherlock purred.
"All right," Sherlock said. "A better question would be 'why did John have to volunteer?'"
John stared at him for a moment before giving up trying to figure out what the younger man was thinking. "Anyway, what was it you wanted?"
"It itches," Sherlock defended.
"No, sir!" John squeaked, trying to lean back away from his dad, but his attempts to struggle only made the Major angrier.
But they made sure to stop and speak with Barbara on the way out. They explained how the extra attention made them uncomfortable, though everything else was fantastic.
Sherlock came out of the shop carrying a small white bag.
Anthea rolled her eyes.
John started coughing again, his body doubling over with the sheer pain.
Sherlock's lip quivered. "I-"
Sherlock chuckled into John's shoulder. "Indeed." His hands came to John's waist, slowly moving upward, pulling the blond man's shirt out of his jeans as he continued to nibble on John's neck.
Music was Mycroft's one escape. He could go into his head and let the music wash over him, allowing all the doubts, fears, and anxieties empty out of him, if only for a few moments. His favorite thing to do was go with Anthea on Saturdays to the local music shop and wander around their old vinyl records and stare longingly at the guitars on their walls.
Sherlock looked sidelong at Brook, shocked. "Excuse me?"
John blinked and then whispered, "You play the violin?"
Molly blushed as Greg laughed.
When the red pants finally came off, Sherlock was a little stunned. John's cock was long and thick and he so desperately wanted to taste it. He licked a long strip from the tip to the base, John moaned.
The following morning Sherlock spent hours dealing with the printer; once he was done he buried his head in his hands.
It was like being outed all over again.
After dinner, John just set their dishes in the sink for later washing and refilled their drinks.
Mycroft chuckled. "Oh yes. He turned in his edited manuscript earlier this week for reconsideration and today accepted a book contract from us."
Mike nodded. "Don't worry, I'll get my revenge."
John nodded and followed Mike to his bedroom. They got changed in silence and lay down on the bed. For a moment they stared up at the ceiling in the dark.
"What did he say?" Mrs Hudson asked.
Mycroft just shook his head. He was swallowed up by the dancers, and Greg lost sight of him.
Greg looked up at him innocently, "Don't you?"
Victor just laughed again.
"Hello, darling," he greeted when John picked up the line.
She gave them a jaunty wave over her shoulder as she sauntered off.
John snorted. "I'm sure he'll be fine."
"Being that young and smarter than the vast majority of the students and even the faculty, wasn't easy. Despite what Sebastian said, I did have friends. Well, one. His name was Victor Trevor. His dog bit me."
Mr Holmes chuckled.
“And it is genuinely happy, Sherlock,” Greg insisted. “So tell me about this bloke.”
started.
"Thank you," Sherlock breathed.
The man in question stood up and sauntered into the room. He walked up to John and leaned in close, "If you like this, just wait until next week."
"Hey!" Sherlock protested. "You can't take him back, he's supposed to stay with me!"
They lapsed into silence. John stared at his drink as he began to put together the puzzle that was Sherlock Holmes.
Soon Sherlock was panting with need and John gently pulled his fingers out. Sherlock moaned from the loss but soon was moaning even louder when John began pressing his cock at Sherlock's entrance. Once John slid all the way home, Sherlock threw his head back and made a sound that was part growl, part scream. John let out a growl of his own, fighting the urge to pound into Sherlock.
Sherlock chuckled. "If only. You're the rich one, after all."
"I've got you," Sherlock assured him.
"John?" Sherlock asked, worried.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "There are no such thing as ghosts, therefore there are no such things as mediums."
Sherlock frowned, but took the paper from Billy's teeth. He stuck it in his pocket. He had promised that he would burn the letter. And it felt appropriate that considering he found it on the mantel, it should be burned in the fire. He built up the fire and got a good blaze going before he drew the note out.
"What?" John asked, his voice deadly calm as he turned around.
Sherlock chuckled. "Impressive, isn't?"
Greg waggled his finger, "I can't reveal my source."
Music was his therapy and he certainly needed it after the week he had. It was like his whole world had been turned upside down, like he was on a non-stop roller coaster and he didn't know how to get off.
"No," Mycroft growled and stormed off to his room.
The rugby captain nodded and this time he did smile sincerely.
"'To Sherlock Darling, yes I cut that scene. Because you were right as always, it was better without it.'" Sherlock quoted.
Greg smiled and shook his head. He walked up to the bar and sat down. The bartender turned around and they fist bumped their greeting.
Mary's face smoothed and she perked up a bit. "So you don't have a girlfriend?"
Then he screeched and threw the door shut again. He took a steadying breath and opened the door slowly. Sure enough, there was a young woman with long, black locks and cold, dead eyes.
The man smiled. "Hang in there, Doc, I got ya."
He tossed it over his shoulder as goofy as could be to the crowd of single women. There was a bit of a tussle for it, but Molly emerged victorious.
And just as if God himself had planned it, the lights went out.
"So where did my brother hide the games?" Sherlock asked, breaking into John's reverie. "I'm assuming the cabinets under the bookshelves."
"How the hell did he get away with that?" John growled, throwing himself back into his chair.
"I'm proud of you," Mycroft whispered fiercely in Sherlock's ear and kissed the top of his head. "Taking the leap into writing is frightening enough the first time, but to try a second time? That takes real courage."
"Certainly sounds like it," John agreed. "How did you get involved?" He put his arm on the back of the chair and propped his head on his fist.
Sherlock rubbed his eyes. He didn't usually sleep that deeply or that well, regardless of where he was.
I have the next chapter done and started typing up, so hopefully sooner rather than later.
"Greg's right."
"You're up to something," she said accusingly.
He looked around and found some loose sheets of paper and a pen.
"John, come on in," Greg said with a smile.
"John!" Mrs Hudson greeted warmly. "How did it go?"
That brought Mycroft up short, stopping only a few feet from from Greg, "Really?" Mycroft raised an eyebrow skeptically and walked up to him. "I would have thought that detention would be like a second home to you what with all the skipping classes you do, always having to go to Mrs Hudson's office and your..." Mycroft waved vaguely at Greg, "general attitude of 'juvenile delinquent'." He made shooing motions, but Greg didn't move.
Sherlock blushed and nodded. “Which would make the girlfriend Cathy Reilly, super model and fashion blogger. Christ, Sherlock, you sure do know how to pick them.”
"It's only for a couple days, it's not like it's going to be weeks or months. You'll be back before you know it and giving the criminals of London hell," John murmured in the detective's ear as he stroked those curls.
"Thanks."
Sherlock let out a breathy chuckle. "I suppose not."
"We don't have time for this," Sherlock snapped. "There is a murderer on the loose."
mistake. This one was much bigger than saying a file was the wrong size; this was a costly mistake worth several thousand pounds.
Mycroft grimaced. "There were parts that weren't completely terrible."
"Something, I may add, my brother has spent his whole life disproving."
Sherlock kicked at the duvet and tried to wipe his tears away without being seen.
He turned around and tossed the book over his shoulder to the crowd of single men. He whirled around to find out who had caught it to see a very stunned Greg Lestrade holding it in his hands. He tried to push it off on someone else but no one else would take it.
Mr Holmes cocked his head. "Is the reason for the..." he trailed off, waving a hand at John's old and threadbare clothes.
"Sorry, Sherlock. I didn't mean to offend you, I just wanted to tell you how much you impress me." John reached across the table to cover Sherlock's hand in his.
He flinched as a teacher grabbed Greg's jacket, but he escaped by slipping out of it. Mycroft breathed out a sigh of relief. Strangely, he wanted to see how far this idiot would go before they caught him.
“Shite, Watson! I’ll be sore for hours, even with the Doc’s help,” Bill Murray complained. Bill was one of their best players and John’s best friend.
Sherlock: Yeah.
"You could ask him," Mycroft replied.
John inwardly bristled, but outwardly said, "Of course, love. I'll just sit next to our captivating detective."
"I haven't heard any good news, Sherlock. Just you laying out all my troubles," Greg growled.
Sherlock jerked his head back in confusion. "Huh?"
John laughed. "Yeah. Not very well. My teacher called the clarinet section angry, dying geese."
"You're welcome," John replied. "You want to talk about your week?"
"I almost wish I could be a fly on the wall to see that argument," John admitted when they got far enough away.
The party went smoother after that. And Sherlock felt that maybe, just maybe, as long as John was around, he'd be happy to celebrate his birthday in the future.
Oh! Sherlock was afraid of thunder.
"So why tell us about it at all?" Sebastian asked.
Sherlock pressed his lips together, "You aren't going to let me down, are you?"
And then she strolled out of his office. Once the door closed behind her, Sherlock nearly howled his frustration.
Sherlock smiled, "He's not home right now, we could check out his room. Rifle through his things, find out what else he likes."
Sherlock waved his phone to show he'd gotten the message and ran off to hail a cab.
"Catch you later!" Sherlock called after him.
"If maybe
"It was either this or work for you again, and I-" Sherlock bit off the last word.
"It's a memory technique where you attach a memory to place you've been before and by recalling the place you are able to find the memory easier," Sherlock explained.
And yes, before you all ask, Whiphand Publishing does specialize in purple prose, erotica, BDSM, and other steamy stories. This is Irene, after all. ;)
"That sounds lovely," Sherlock replied. "I'll see you then."
Whenever John was sitting down and Sherlock would walk past, he would brush his fingertips along the fringe of hair at the base of John's neck. It had the unfortunate side effect of driving John wild. His imagination ran amok with visions of other scenarios where Sherlock would have cause to run his fingers through John's hair.
Molly twirled around, making her dress flare out. When she came to a stop, she said, "Well, your son has good taste."
I can't remember for sure who it was that answered that for me (I want to say Neil Gaiman, but I don't know), but it was on tumblr and I have been grateful to them ever since.
John took a sip of the spiced apple cider that Divya had brewed up and watched as she and Molly and Mary set to decorating the interior with Christmas decorations. The tree was up and the ornaments on. There was holly on the chimneypiece and tinsel was beginning to sprout
John shrugged it off, he had better things to do than worry about this guy now. If he turned out to be the school bully he'd know to watch out for him, but until then he had to find out where his first class was.
"And I'll say so again in front that many of our own wedding guests," he said.
John looked up and his jaw dropped. He had gone for matching Sherlock's outfit last week in his own style, but this was even better than that.
Sherlock: Sorry.
"You're brothers!" she exclaimed. That was the meaning behind the cryptic comment from Sherlock earlier.
John was only half way up the drive when Sherlock figured out where they were and leapt out of the car. As John wasn't going very fast, he just shook his head as he continued to drive the rest of the way up to the house.
The whole store erupted into excited twitters and squeals of delight.
Gregson shook his head, "Not a thing, Abernathy, not a God damn thing."
Mike sighed and did just that. After she had heard it all, she let out a sigh of her own.
Sherlock snarled and then "Oh!"
John didn't know when he had stood up, but he was towering over the desk and Sherlock, his cane on the floor, forgotten. "Fuck you," he muttered.
Toby:
"What's that?" Sherlock asked, his curiosity getting the better of him.
Sherlock: No.
"Well, it only lasted until that summer. I went out to his father's place. His father heard about what I do with the deductions. After much goading on both their parts, I caved in and deduced Mr Trevor."
"Hello, love," Mummy cooed from the treadmill. "How's school been?"
Suddenly Bertie stepped out in front of them.
"Play in a band?" Greg asked, still confused.
"He once sold his liver on the black market for a Triumph," Mike argued.
Sherlock smiled and immediately took the queen. "Are you at all familiar with the Hilda Brandt spy novels?"
"A few days at least," John said, crossing his arms over his chest and giving Sherlock a firm glare.
Jim shrugged. "Catch you later, Sherlock."
Toby: I'm the one that should be apologizing to you. I understand that the Mary Sue or in this case Bobby Stu aspect was a perceived fault that critics latched onto when they reviewed the book.
"Just don't do it again, Mary," he admonished.
They would watch telly together, and sometimes John would let him put on a documentary or historical drama that John used to say bored him to tears.
"Don't say that sort of thing around him, he's got a reputation to maintain," Mike growled.
He popped two caplets and downed them with some water.
"Well, if it's okay with you, I'd like to finish it," John said, holding out his hand for the book.
"'Appledore'? Why on earth would he call it that?" John asked.
"It's unlocked. Just push it open," he said.
"Yes, my dear?" Mycroft questioned.
"Good," John said, "Hmm...since we finished our session at five last time, I think we should aim for eight for our date. How does that sound?"
Mike and John shared a glance, but ultimately shrugged, not knowing what he had said.
Irene looked at him pityingly. "Oh darling, but for how much longer?" she smirked. "You are at the helm of a sinking ship. Print is dead and digital e-books are the future. I am merely giving you the chance to get out with the rats before the boat goes under."
“Christ!” Greg cursed and Sherlock looked up. He saw the expression on his director’s face and blushed. He put the phone away and moved to stand next to the bar.
The dancer had gone to get them more drinks. Not that John was finished with his, but it gave Sherlock something to do besides stand there next to John, fidgeting.
"Dr Watson," Mr Holmes greeted warmly. "I hope the train ride down was pleasant."
"No, I meant your pajamas, you berk."
John nodded.
"Don't listen to Mike, Sherlock," he said, as he unpacked some books, "this is a lovely house. It's perfect."
Mycroft held his head and landed on the bench with a heavy thud. Maybe Lestrade was right, maybe he did have a concussion.
"Is that the bastard's name?" John bristled. "I still have friends in that area of the world. I could call in a couple of favors."
Greg turned Stella toward Molly and gently pushed her in her direction. "I'd hate to be a bother, but she is really,
Thanks as always to the wonderful Old Ping Hai.
"I'm the same as you, how do you keep out of detention?" Greg pointed out.
Mummy raised an eyebrow and cocked her head, "Is that what they are calling it these days?" She waved at their outfits. Sally was wearing a tight, red sleeveless dress and Sherlock was wearing tight black jeans, a dark blue v-neck t-shirt, and black leather jacket.
Sherlock lifted his head, jaw tight, "The rules are wrong. The only person who could have done it was the victim, Dr Black."
Sarah glared at him for a moment before returning to handing out the fliers.
"Well, if I have any say in the matter you won't have to worry about it ever again," John said fiercely.
"Cathy!" Cathy snapped.
That is certainly true, but I'm rather hoping it's the former rather than the latter.
"James Moriarty, you are under arrest for fraud, embezzlement, and money laundering," DI Gregson said to the man still fighting with his captors.
"And you still wonder why I don't go to parties," Mycroft growled, pushing past Sherlock.
"Well, as hot as I think you would be on the back of my bike," Greg said with a chuckle, "it wouldn't do to show up with both of us in helmet hair, people might talk."
"You shouldn't go putting people on pedestals, it's very cold and lonely up there," he replied.
John chuckled. "I figured the bloke that brings two strawberry scones each morning to the bookstore and lets Mrs Hudson have both was a breakfast lightweight."
. "You want to go out to eat with us?" John said 'us', but everyone knew he was really saying 'me.'
"Hell, yes! Sherlock kissed me!" He started back for Mike's house and screamed, "John's back in the game, baby!"
A shadow crossed over him and he looked up to see Sherlock standing nervously above him.
"You are the exception," Greg pointed out.
Greg reached out to wipe them away but Mycroft slapped him away.
He wrinkled his nose and tore out of there in a squeal of rubber.
"They get off okay?" Mike asked.
John was proven to be very wrong when the chef came up to refresh their drinks.
"Thank you." Sherlock looked at the book and then handed it back to John. "Just be forewarned. It ends with a bit of a cliffhanger."
Sherlock felt a little glimmer of hope that maybe, just maybe, John would be different from
Jim," Sherlock added.
John couldn't remember much of the past couple of days, but he remember a whispered plea from Greg and Sherlock's insistence that he couldn't leave John.
"Did what?" Greg asked.
John was ready to return the favor by the time they finally got to the bedroom.
"Hey," John said turning around. "It sounded urgent."
John grabbed her shoulders and said firmly, "I'm not gay, I'm bisexual."
Sherlock laughed, burying his head into John's crotch, this time to stop the giggles that threatened to derail their evening.
"Picking out the flaws?"
Sherlock had opened the letter to reveal the deed to the cottage they were sitting in, with John's signature next to his name and a blank space for Sherlock to put his.
"Yep! I never pass up a chance for her soup. It should be made a sin to eat that stuff."
070-1881-2010
"Look," Mike barked, losing his patience a little, "it was here or the boy's locker room."
Sherlock still grumbled.
The next time he was conscious enough to be aware of his surroundings, he found Sherlock on his own laptop, reading.
Greg laughed. "Damn, I thought that had gotten by you."
"Well, there you go," John said with a laugh. "See you in a bit."
Mycroft smirked. "I firmly believe he kicked himself in the bullocks."
"Hey, Bertie."
Jim turned pale. "Seb? You're lying, you have to be."
"Because if we do it for one person then other people will start demanding that we do it for them, too. We take Mark Strong's table and give it to Becks, and he tells people that he can get any seat in our restaurant he wants, then other people come in thinking they are more famous than he is and demand that they be given a table, too. And that simply cannot happen!"
Sherlock took a closer look at her and murmured, "Emelia?"
"And we're assuming he has people on the inside to do his dirty work," Sherlock said, tucking the two envelopes into the inside breast pocket of his coat.
"When Janine came and visited me in the hospital, she mentioned that she had bought a cottage in Sussex. My mind has kept going back to that. The thought of retiring out there when my body can no longer keep up with my mind."
"Does it still fit?" Sherlock asked.
"We live in England, not America," Sherlock replied haughtily.
"Were you this nervous the first time?" Mike asked, as John sat down across from him.
"So when does the tour start?" Mary asked. "I told Mrs Hudson I'm going to every one of your signings and I'm going to need those days off."
The blaring horn of a passing lorry shattered the moment.
John opened his mouth to say something when behind them he heard, "Sherlock?"
"After all this time and you are
"Sherlock, I've seen you naked before, I assure you helping you in the bath and taking a piss will not be a problem for me, unless it will be a problem for you?" Sherlock shook his head. "Good, we'll start with getting you out of that hideous gown and into some real clothes. We can't have you showing that arse of yours to everyone, now can we?"
Greg laughed. "Excited doesn't even cover it, Molls, that man is arse over tits in love with Sherlock."
"What is the biggest problem with the show?"
John moved forward and placed his hand on Sherlock's arm. "God, I would never call you that. Or anything like that. I got thinking that there were just nice ghosts here, because the gardener out back. I should have known better. There are too many kinds of ghosts and they all can be in the same place."
"I wish," Sherlock grumbled. "But alas, not. I guess I should get this over with."
Hey, well will you look at that, I updated on time. But to be fair I have four chapters done, written, typed up, and edited. This is the second chapter, so I have two more to put up after this. And a third that will be edited on Monday, so be rest assured that for the next three weeks, I'll be on time then. The problem lies in that nothing is even remotely done after that. It's not even written. But I'll try to get it done well before the 28th so that I can up it that day.
He went to the table and picked up a pack of cards. "Poker?"
"I fucked it up good," he replied numbly.
"I hate you all," Sherlock grumbled, but turned in his brother's embrace to face the crowd.
"They are being sent back to be pulped. But it is a very costly mistake and it's not the first one this month," Sherlock explained.
"Hey, you arrogant toe-rag, you parked behind my car!" Mycroft growled.
John got out a notebook and a pen to keep notes. Grammar and punctuation would be gone over with his editor once he got one; this was about plot and what needed to be fixed to make the story worth being published.
"I believe they had to have someone come in and repair the damage afterwards."
Part five and the epilogue are almost done being edited so they will being going up as scheduled. Might even give you the epilogue early, if there's enough call for it. Which it might. Shhhh. ;)
Mike got up and went to the bar, leaving John exposed to Mary's view. She immediately caught his eye and smiled.
"You know, what?" John growled. "To hell with you." He turned on his heel and stormed out of the flat.
"That bitch!" Jim roared, leaping to his feet. "If I get my hands on her I will skin her! I will turn her into shoes!"
, John thought sternly to himself. It's Christmas. Just let it go, just let it die with the year. He took a deep breath and let it out slowly. He nodded firmly to himself as he turned on the oven.
John thought back to his conversation with Marrow and nodded.
"Whatever you say, mate," John conceded.
Molly stood nervously in front of the inn. She had thought about looking the place up several times, but that would be cheating. She didn't want to cheat. She wanted to prove to Sherlock Holmes that she was the real deal. Oh, well, not the
"Were you setting us up? Even then?" John asked, rubbing his hands on his trousers.
"Thanks for inviting me, by the way, your angst notwithstanding," he said after a moment.
John pulled out his phone and handed it to his dad slowly, The battery died on my phone and I was just getting some treats for the movie Mike and I were watching."
James laughed. "I think he's lovely. And far too good for you."
"What are you doing here, Lestrade?" Mycroft asked, coldly.
Sherlock cleared his throat. "As I am unable to play this time since I am John's partner-"
John watched as Sherlock stared at the floor, completely torn. John wanted to tell him to go. To find this bastard. John would keep.
John shook his head and went in search of Mike. As mad as he was at Sherlock for leading him on, his protective instinct was going into overdrive, and he couldn't help but feel sorry for the boy.
"Sorry, Professor, maybe next year," Greg said with a cough.
Greg leapt into action and caught Mycroft before he could hit the floor. Everyone around them thought it was part of the show and just cheered some more.
(See the end of the chapter for
"You know, my brother-in-law says that all the time," Sherlock admitted.
"The whole lot of them, if I'm honest," his husband grumbled. "Egos get in the way of a good story."
John opened his mouth to speak, but that is when the house lights dimmed. The show was starting.
Mycroft laid his head on his horse's nose and sighed again. He knew he could have seriously hurt Greg by aiming that polo ball at his head. But Mycroft had been so angry that Greg had had the audacity to come watch him practice after what he did, so Mycroft acted out of pure instinct and rage.
"Why do you stay there?" Greg asked as he took a sip of his own coffee. "It's not for the money. Even I know that. You two are making it hand over fist with his little sleuthing thing he does on the side when he's not helping the Met."
Hello, and welcome to week four of our lovely story! We have reached the part of our story that is about John falling in love with Sherlock.
"But you hate Bertie," Sherlock tried to reason.
"Hey," he muttered. "What's up?" John was still smarting from the sting of rejection, but the look on Sherlock's face was the one of sheer panic.
As he walked off he heard Greg joke, "Ten quid says that he can't convince Sherlock to come out."
The detective stirred to consciousness and blinked up at him.
Again thank you for reading this lovely story of mine. I loved writing it. It made me very happy.
"Yeah," Mike groused. "I just need one more."
"Yes," Mycroft agreed. "Which is exactly why we should send someone else. Anyone else."
John clenched his teeth, fighting back the urge hit this pompous prick in the face.
"Interesting. What is he wanted for?"
Bertie stood out on the pavement in front of the house with Sherlock and Sally.
“Why do you have to go?” he asked. He hoped to convince her to stay; at least if she stayed then he could figure out where it had all gone wrong.
"I know, so don't worry, all right?" John said. Sherlock nodded.
Toby: That wasn't meant to be a criticism. I was just stating a fact.
"Go home, John. I mean it. I don't want to see your face around here until you can speak five sentences without coughing, all right?"
"Oh no!" she cooed. "What happened?"
"John, you just described Milverton."
If Mycroft was impressed at the way Greg could saddle a horse, watching him mount impressed him even more. Finest seat in all of France indeed.
Langdale pushed Victor toward the opened door and then slid inside once Victor had haltingly entered the vehicle.
Yes, that is Neil Gaiman and this is the story I'm talking about. http://journal.neilgaiman.com/2017/05/the-neil-story-with-additional-footnote.html
"So who wants to drive with the lovebirds?" Greg asked with a grin, looking suggestively at John and Sherlock. The latter of whom blushed.
John took a bite and moaned. "Very good, Sherlock! Does this mean we'll be eating less takeaway?"
"Huh," John said. "I'm pretty sure I'll be the last."
Mike put on a cocky smile. "So, a stylish bloke, then?"
John coughed. "My flat."
"Have they said anything since the initial diagnosis?" John asked.
The Mastiff whined, but handed over the scarf.
Anthea and Greg burst out laughing and Greg was still laughing when Mycroft and Anthea had drove off.
Mycroft laughed. "No!"
"Always," John promised.
Sherlock: Made me an easier target, I think.
Molly glowered at him. "Well, I think it's romantic. And you won't be sharing your day with millions of others. Though, apparently, it's a little more common than I thought," she said with a wink at Greg and Mycroft.
He looked at it in confusion.
John saw the opening and bolted, hands still covering his ears.
Greg rushed to his side, and after a couple of frantic moments he got Mycroft to open his eyes.
"Gregory?" Mycroft asked, softly.
And then they were kissing again.
"Sherlock..." she said, her tone carrying a heavy warning.
"I'd be more than happy to hear them once you've stepped into the car."
"We were on our way to Balmoral and because those two wouldn't stop making googly eyes at each other I decided to sleep through the sickeningly sweet glances. Little did I know I was putting my fate in the hands of the two most inept, directionally challenged idiots on the planet."
If you've seen the movie, you'll note that I changed the scene with the drunk girl. I couldn't reconcile this scene with what happens later. So I fixed it.
Suddenly Sherlock's confidence fled. How could he approach this beautiful boy after hurting him so much? But he didn't know anyone else here and he needed to get home. He was about to turn and flee when John spotted him.
"Bloody hell, Watson," Marrow boomed, causing John to wince in pain from the sound of it. "I don't know how you did it, but digging out the bullet when you did probably saved your life."
Sherlock only left John's side when he was sure that John would be all right. As he waved goodbye to the former soldier, Sherlock figured he had at least managed to pay him back just a little for Sussex and the rain storm.
He looked back at Mary and that unease came back as she playfully argued that red tinsel was better than silver. He shook it off. It was probably the storm, making him anxious.
Mrs Hudson repeated the words a couple times as Mycroft stormed out the door. Then she added those words to her page as well.
"I'm going to have to keep working at the surgery, otherwise people will say I'm a kept man," John grumbled into his pint.
"Sherlock?" John asked, praying that it was him.
Mycroft had hated the look when he showed up for their mother's fiftieth birthday last year, feeling it was inappropriate. But it was perfect for this.
John cocked his head to the side. "You did
"Come on," John said, "let's go."
"Sherlock?" John had enough sense to inquire.
Sherlock let out a small sob. "The one person who understood me and cared about me, not even alive." What followed this pronouncement could only be described as a wail.
"John," Mike said, tentatively. "We have petrol for the generator, I don't know if it's enough to get you to station, but–"
Sherlock:
"Got your brother involved," Wiggins added, nonchalant.
Sherlock giggled. "Yep!"
And that nickname for David was a mark in Sherlock's favor as far as John was concerned.
"It tests better–" she began.
"Are you okay?" Mike asked.
The true test of whether people actually liked the book or were just pretending to so they could suck up to Sherlock was what they felt about the two main characters kissing. And Sherlock (or Mycroft for that matter) had only met a handful of people who actually liked that scene.
Greg blinked at him and cocked his head to the side. He stood up slowly, menacingly, "What? Am I not pretty?"
Sherlock just shook his head. "It doesn't matter." He nudged John's shoulder with his own. "Come on, let's go back to my place. I have a pint of ice cream that needs to be devoured before I leave."
He dashed to the tree and began rummaging around the presents he'd been given to look for Sherlock's gift.
"And that would be why, dear," Mary explained and kissed his cheek.
"At least we know where he's going," Greg said. "What are you going to do?"
"That's the one," Mycroft confirmed. "Apparently he found Lockie's book."
"I think you mean get groped by some twat in an off-the-rack suit, listening to some school-sponsored DJ, who by definition, blows?"
The ghost threw back his head and laughed with joy. "And here I thought getting the two of you together would surely send me to hell."
John had invited Mike to make use of Sherlock's offered tickets, figuring that the good doctor would want to see Molly dance and that he would be the one person Sherlock wouldn't freak out over, thinking he was John's date.
was. "For what it's worth, I seriously believed that Greg was interested in you."
A couple of months later, John came home from doing the shopping to find his lover engrossed in his microscope.
John's eyebrows shot up. "You didn't!" Sherlock ducked his head in shame. "Oh my God, you did. Why?"
"The weather forecast is giving it five to seven days on the inside. Ten on the outside," Mike explained.
The Detective Inspector raised a questioning eyebrow.
"David never said
"Calm down there, tiger," Victor admonished. "That's his sister and manager, Harry."
"You want a scene? I'll give you a-"
"Start with the girl," John suggested.
"So a washed-up full back on his way out is supposed to make them look good? Damn, I'm glad I passed on Manchester."
"He did," John sneered, jutting his chin at David who arrived at the bottom the stair.
John shook his head and pointed at the screen. Greg leaned over and his jaw dropped.
"Come again?" John asked, moving to stand next to Greg and getting out of Molly's way.
His eyes traveled from the building to the figure standing out in front of it. There were set people milling about and there was a cameraman standing in front of the house as well, but John couldn't see any of them. Because Sherlock Holmes was standing on the curb, waiting for him, waiting for John Watson.
"Oh?"
"What
John frowned, apparently this wanker was rude to everyone. Including his family.
John reheated two bowls worth and brought it in to Sherlock, where they lapsed into a companionable silence as they ate. When finished, John took the bowls back into the kitchen and set them in the sink. He then made his way to Sherlock's room, where he got some things for Sherlock to sleep in.
Sherlock glanced at his watch and nodded. "Right you are, John." He turned to Victor, "Goodbye and please don't keep in touch."
Mike waited until everyone but John had gone before sitting on the bench behind the rugby player as he finished getting dressed.
Mrs Hudson and John both nodded as Sherlock typed out something on John's phone.
Greg looked at the list and back up to them in shock, "What am I supposed to do, buy him noodles, a book, and listen to bunch of idiots who don't know how to play their instruments?"
Her laugh rang loud and shrill. "That's what I was suggesting, only with me and not Sherlock," she said with a wink.
Watson. John tried to figure out what it all meant, but before he could fully latch onto the thought, the tent flap burst open and in walked Murray.
Mike looked at him, and when he was convinced that John wasn't going to say anything else stupid, he turned back to the stage.
"She likes rescuing people, doesn't she?" John asked softly. "Heaven knows she saved me." He looked up at Sherlock and cocked his head to the side. "And I guess I owe you my thanks, too, because if you hadn't believed her...God knows where I'd be."
"Tumescent," Mycroft muttered as walked into her office.
"And that is the problem: other teenage boys don't behave like you and Mycroft⊷"
John spun around to see Sherlock Darling standing in the entryway. "What are you doing here?"
"I could help," the taller man muttered.
"Go," Sherlock urged John, "there'll be plenty of time to catch up at the after party."
"You came out of your relationship with Richard just fine," Victor said. "You just put on the best show of your career and he's teaching teenagers in Nowheresville, America."
"John?" a warm male voice called. "Mary says the cash box isn't working again."
"That was my thought as well," Sherlock said, resigned. He sighed. "I think he's doing it to get my attention."
Sherlock just grinned.
Now, in spite of the fact that Shakespeare is a dead, white dude, he knows his shit, so we are going to ignore that bit. But what I want you lot to do is to write your own version of this sonnet."
John got up and Sherlock followed him to the kitchen, where they feasted on cake and talked well into the night.
"Beat it, tosser," Bertie snapped.
"That was one of them, yeah," Greg bit out.
Greg looked up at him and ached at the sight. He closed his eyes and opened them just in time see Mycroft straighten too fast. He hit his head on the chandelier and went down, stiff as a board.
John gulped. "Yeah, that must be it."
Greg blinked for a minute. "Oh." It could actually work.
you're
John listened intently and regaled him with stories of horrid customers and worse COs in between the stories Sherlock told. An anecdote here, a funny tale there. Apparently clients from hell were often similar to costumers from hell.
"Sherlock!" John cried happily as he barreled into his lover.
"Not the middle of January, the end," John said, his eyes still on the road.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "With John."
unlocked the door. He opened himself up to his man and this life in ways he hadn't known possible. If someone had told him a year ago that he would be sharing a house with the man who had deduced him so thoroughly on their combined book tour, he would have thought them mad.
There was a knock on the door and Greg called out for them to come in as he shuffled papers around to hide what he had been looking at—blown up pictures of the "ghost."
Sherlock jumped and whirled around. When John could see his face, he looked like a kid that had been caught with his hand in the cookie jar.
Cathy was wrong. So dead wrong. The athleticism of rugby was not the same as the grace and power of ballet. Nowhere near. He couldn't do what Sherlock was doing, not for as long as he was up there. Rugby was short bursts of energy, not this long stamina that the dancers were displaying.
Sherlock shrugged. "I don't like spreading it around. Very few people outside of my family know that I play."
"What did I tell you about answering my door?" Brook yelled.
Greg put his hands up, "I claim no involvement, merely foreknowledge it was taking place."
"What the hell?" the Marine bellowed. "This true, Mary?"
John ducked his head, "It's not too much, is it? I just wanted tonight to be perfect."
Mycroft sniffed. "Of course not."
"Brilliant," Mycroft said brightly. "Now, where was I? Oh yes! John's book is doing wonderfully and I eagerly await the next book." He winked at John. "I look forward to working with him on all his future novels."
John felt an arm wrap around his waist and he leaned into the touch.
He came back out and Sherlock's eyelids were already starting to droop. John went over and gently shook his shoulder.
"Sherlock!" he greeted warmly. "It's so good to see you."
Mycroft gave up and moved to the other side of the car, and Greg turned to lean on the roof.
Greg shook his head. He pulled out his mobile and dialed.
a good book. I stand by that. It deserved a million sequels instead of what it got, a bunch of hate."
"Oh."
"I'll be back tomorrow," Sherlock assured them. "And I'm looking forward to Friday."
(See the end of the chapter for
Murray took two steps closer and whispered, "You talking ghosts, Cap?"
"A business lunch?" Greg asked, confused. Sherlock loved his cooking.
"Oi!" Mike cried. "Find your own!"
"Just wait," John said with a grin. "This is the good part."
John whipped back around to see the assassin bride squeezing the trigger, he twisted and dove for Sherlock. In mid-air, John cried out and fell to the ground in a heap.
He started to vanish, but before he disappeared altogether, John caught sight of Bertie's messenger bag. Stitched by a loving hand was the name A. Watson.
John blinked. "Nothing against your hospitality, I don't think I'd be able to sleep much in a strange house with you all the way down here. It's a..." he paused, looking for the right word. "It's a PTSD thing, if I'm honest. I'm pretty sure I'd have a panic attack if I did that."
Sherlock sneered, "And just what planet are you from, planet 'weirdo'?"
"I'm going to have to try harder," Sherlock said, once he could breathe again.
"True," Irene replied. "You better have a good excuse for why you stood me up. I want to hear all about it once you get here. And don't leave out any juicy details."
The man looked torn. "I can't- I have to know."
"Thanks," Mike said, sounding relieved. "I'll see you later."
"If I thought sending someone else would help, but I think it would make matters worse if I didn't go."
John got up to take a look at the plaque. Sure enough, it read "Sherlock Holmes, gold medalist, 2012."
Finally looking up from her phone, she said, "That really depends on you, John."
Toby: You're talking about Victor Trevor.
John kissed his thigh and stood up. He undressed as quickly as he could and then crawled up the sofa between Sherlock's legs.
"And if he does, Shercroft will be happy to publish it," a warm voice drawled.
Bertie leaned in closer, "I hope to see you there."
"Also, Mike is a general practitioner who has been out of rotation for a while, but knows what to do in theory. Professor then. Now Molly and Divya left John, Mike and Mary to do the actual doctoring, which suggests that while they are doctors, they are not in professions that deal with people. They both mildly smell of disinfectant. But as Molly would know, that no matter how hard one tries, one just can't quite get the smell of formaldehyde out of one's hair. A pathologist, who specializes in post-mortums then.
"Three cheers for you then," John said, smiling.
"But look at you, John. You have fixed your own limp in defense of a man you didn't like and a book everyone hated. It's that trait as a writer that I want to cultivate. And honestly, if you'll still have me, I would like to get started as soon as possible."
"Really?" Mike asked, incredulous. "Where did you say you were going?
"You heard about the party, right?" John asked nervously.
"Christ, so all of it." John ran his hands over his face. "Because, you git, no one should have to stand there and hear someone talk about them that way."
"Why?"
Sherlock knocked on Greg's open door.
Sherlock huffed out a small laugh. "On one condition."
"I wasn't sure it was you, You're just so short, but then scrum halves usually are."
Mycroft started to laugh and to laugh hard, nearly doubling over in sheer mirth. He straightened up and wiped away the happy tears that he streamed down his face. Maybe Greg wasn't so bad after all.
Victor took him in and sat him down. "Clean off your makeup, get out of your costume before Sally pitches a fit that you haven't returned it yet, and for fuck's sake get your act together. You're a grown man, act like it."
But by the end of the day, John was exhausted. All he wanted to do was bury his head in his pillow and sleep, but there was one thing he needed to do first.
"And then we have the Otakus," Mike said pointing to another group of students. "They like to think they're Japanese and know everything about it, but mostly‒"
"Wait, you mean...?"
Mycroft's phone pinged in his pocket and he pulled it out to read the message. He chuckled and then typed out his reply. Sliding the phone back into his pocket, Mycroft stood up. He had work to do if the transfer of Sherlock's trust fund was to go smoothly. He felt lighter than he had in months. Today was a good day.
"God only knows." John took a long draft of his pint. "But enough about me, you still working with Sherlock Holmes on that show of his?"
John reached up to pull a purple tulip from Sherlock's hair. He handed it to the detective.
"Which was nearly twenty years ago. So at least three times that?"
When John excused himself to go the restroom, Sherlock had to clamp down on the emotion that this was it, John wasn't going to come back.
John frowned at me as his daughter squirmed in his arms.  “That’s not true.”
And then there were ragged sobs of someone in pain.
“I can have Mrs. Hudson give me the spare flat.”
“Is he?”  Mycroft asked, raising his chin in challenge.
Sherlock’s hand rested on the table and he stared back at John with both fear and hope in his eyes.  “This is how you become one of us.  You eat our food and drink with us.”
John didn’t even look at him.  Quickly he pushed his hands under his thighs so he wasn’t playing with his fingers.  “Not really.”
OMG!  I updated!  Are you shocked?  I'm shocked... And I'm the one writing it.  Truth be told, I ran out of ideas after the wedding scene.  And then I got busy with other fics and left this one on the back burner for 18 months.  I kept telling myself "I have to get back to that one..."  And comments to my other fics have started to say, "When will you get back to To Serve?"  Umm... Now-ish?  Thanks for continuing to poke me for an update.
“Because you’re my mate… and I get to share my body with you… and you get to share your body with me.  I’ll have a part of you inside of me… and you’ll leave a part of yourself there even after you pull out.  For another werewolf sniffing me it proof that we belong together in the same pack… that you mounted me.”  As he spoke John caressed Sherlock’s face.
“That he is only a conquest and that you don’t have feelings for him.”
“And you welcome the abusive attention he gives you.”
“They never take me to bed when I’m draped on the couch for them.”
John pulled his fingers out and stabilized himself on his hands and knees.  “I’ve worked with less preparation than this.  Go on.”
Sherlock smiled at Mary, assessing her a moment before returning his attention to John.  “She is very pretty.  She will make you plenty of worthy heirs.  When do you marry?”
“If I must.”  Sherlock answered.  “Teach me, John.”
“I’m fine.”  Sherlock answered as he got to his human feet.  Quickly he was at John’s side and then around him, checking him out from all angles.
“John… it’s just my brother.”
Sherlock snorted from the corner of his cell, the light from the torch dimly showing his features.  “Molly?  I made sure she wasn’t taken before she was ready.  Female slaves are bred young.”
TBC...
John checked his watch.  “We should get ready to go.”
“You’re the one holding my file.  Can’t you tell me?” John answered.
“What do you want?”
It was a small ceremony with Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade, my parents, Mycroft, and Rosie in attendance.  We invited Molly, but she declined, telling us it was “too much.”
“When I’m in wolf form… the base of my penis swells up to keep me inside my mate.  It keeps my seed inside of them for a time.  If I’m with a female it helps get them pregnant.  With a male it’s just a time to be close.”
“I can live with it.  What bothers me is the lack of control.”
John felt something stir in his chest at the easy, casual way Sherlock was able to show affection to his daughter.  A glance at Molly revealed that he wasn’t the only one who was affected.  There was sadness in her eyes.
“Why don’t you go find some relief?”  Sherlock suggested.  The words hurt to say.  But that’s what John should do, right?  He didn’t want Sherlock so he should go find someone to help him.  Knowing John’s preference in women… Someone tall and brunette.
John stood up and approached his partner, looking over the wound.  “What happened?”
If you've been following "As Changing As the Moon" you will know that I was away for Nanowrimo.  I finished with 50,068 words!  Yay!
“Losing a child is the worst thing a father can experience.”
“My lady.”  John smiled at the beautiful woman who bowed before him.  “What is it you desire?”
“You set the alarm?”
“He does have a rather pleasing form… no wonder you adopted him.” Mycroft’s eyes swept over John.
Sherlock withdrew his fingers and opened his legs wider to give John more room to work.
Irene made a noise of surprise, eyes wide.  “I’m sorry, my lord.”
“I don’t think you’re prepared to enter into a pack with a warg, Sherlock.”
John watched them leave… Suddenly aware of the mess they had made in what was to be his marriage bed.  And today was his wedding day.
“Maybe I do too.  If you hadn’t interfered I would have been married off when I came of age and then I wouldn’t be so damn alone!”  Sherlock answered, clutching his legs tighter.  “I would have been bored out of my mind but at least I wouldn’t be so goddamn alone!”
“Rosie will stay in Sherlock’s room.  You two will be in the guest room.” Siger informed them as he led them upstairs to the bedrooms.  When they returned downstairs to the kitchen they found Rosie at the table, sans mask, happily eating biscuits.  Sherlock and John removed their masks.
With a jumble of limbs he managed to crawl over me and settle between my thighs.  I was thrilled at his naked body pressed against me, his erection nestled against my own.  And when he moved his hips I was in heaven.
“I never said you weren’t.”
“John…  You can still sire heirs!”
John remembered Eurus’ game.  “Molly?”
“We speak.”  Molly murmured.
I was in one of my moods the next day and didn’t bother to get dressed.  Mycroft tutted at me.  Mrs. Hudson didn’t mind my sheet.  But I couldn’t handle the sensation of cloth on my skin.  I spent most of my day in my bedroom with only a thin sheet between me and their watchful gaze.
Hastily I wiped my eyes with the back of my hand as John relaxed on top of me.  His weight was comforting.
“I can’t believe you’d throw that in my face.  I regretted it.  I thought you knew that.”  John was speaking very quietly.
“On that day we’ll both fall.”
“The men that killed my pack.  But I took them out before they could leave.”
Sherlock spun around to face him.  “And what man will have me?”
John reached out and lightly ran his fingertips down Sherlock’s thigh.  “I have nowhere else to go.  If you want me to come with you… that’s fine.”
“Hello!”  Moriarty greeted with a grin and a flash of his eyes.
“I don’t care!  I am lord here and I have lost my patience.  If you say another word I will send you back to your brother, gift or not.  OUT!”
“It’s a warg thing… just let me sniff you.”
Sherlock blushed and bowed his head.  “You won’t be alone.  I’ll be there.”
Sherlock smiled down at the lord, something impish in his pale eyes.  “I want to.”  His hips moved, grinding his erection against John’s limp cock.  Leaning down again he licked at John’s scar, tracing it with the tip of his tongue as he breathed warm air upon it.  “Let me possess you.”
“What sort of more?”  John queried.
Sorry for the delay.  I hate being sick.  I'm still coughing and congested.
“I think they are kept in stables.”
Sherlock made a face.  “Name one.”
“I’ve heard rumors that Lord Watson is above carnal desires… That he denies himself pleasure.” Sherlock slid down John’s body to take the tip of John’s cock between his lips.
“So kill me.”  John challenged as he kissed again, his hands tugging at Sherlock’s tunic to find his warm skin underneath.  “Kill me for disobeying you… I don’t care.” Kneeling down, he nipped at the exposed skin.  His fingers found the lacings for Sherlock’s trousers and undid them to expose him.  “Go ahead and call your guards in here to execute me.”  His mouth swallowed Sherlock’s cock down to the root.
Moriarty isn't actually there... He's in Sherlock's head, cock blocking him.  Another scene from "Pieces of Me You've Never Seen."
“Sherlock!” John grabbed Sherlock by the arms and shook him.  “Snap out of it!”
“Sherlock… May I come in?”
Somehow Sherlock managed to roll around on the bed and pull John on top of him so you could reciprocate.  For several minutes there was only the sound of wetness from mouths and occasional hums as they sucked each other.
“Don’t argue with me.  I have to give you to someone else today.  I have to give away what is rightfully mine.  I don’t want to share… And yet I have to.”
“Mate?”
“Why?” John asked.
“I’m sure he has since regretted it.”
It had been foolish to think that John could live happily ever after with Sherlock.  Sherlock had enemies… Mary had enemies.  Those enemies would have made a move eventually.  And it was Sherlock’s fault that John had been dragged into a place of intrigue.
“Very well.  Be quick.”
“Sherlock…” Irene sighed.
That was right.  Sherlock had a boyfriend.  Their relationship had deepened after Sherlock asked John to move back in with him several years before.  Mary had hinted that they might become more to each other and it seemed she had been correct.  Mary saw it before they did.  Of course she did… Clever Mary.
But the truth is that I had been flirting with death from the moment I saw John with a ring box for Mary.  It was the moment I knew that I had lost John forever.  And I knew there would never be anyone else for me.  Each moment spent with them had been a nail in the coffin that ensured my own death.  With Mary gone…
--TBC
Mary approached Lestrade and gave him a strained smile.  “South tower is fine.  We’ll require servants to move our things.”
“You must understand, John… I’m very good at it.  I’ve had plenty of experience.”
Sherlock caught his arm and squeezed it.  “Don’t be a fool.  He’s doing it to taunt me.”
“No.  I shouldn’t have blamed you.”
“Gods…” John moaned, opening his legs wider as he pushed his hips up.
“I always clean you up afterwards.”
“I never timed it.  Of course as a wolf I have no real sense of time anyway.  I just get stuck and sleepy.  When I wake up I can pull out and clean myself.”  John stared at Sherlock, studying his body language in response to the information.  “It worries you.”
John surrendered to the sensation, feeling his body change even as Sherlock made sounds of encouragement.  His body felt like it could continue forever and spend all of eternity in Sherlock’s arms.  How long could they go on like that?  They were in a world where time felt different.  For all he knew they had already been fucking for a week.
“Alex is the name of the werewolf?”
John raised his hands in surrender.  “I have no plans of ever being in a position to have more children.”
“John?”
“It’s a trick.  It has to be a trick.”  Sherlock shook his head.
“How long since… what?”  John whispered, his body shivering from her gentle touch.
Sherlock bit at his lower lip for a long moment, staring off into space, very much aware of the man who lounged beside him and the impact he was having on Sherlock’s body.  “Are you… coming with me?”
“Not going to lock yourself in the bathroom again?”  John asked as he toed off his shoes and sat down on the bed.
“Have him?”
Sherlock led a grim John to the car.  “It won’t be forever.  Just a few months.  Then we’ll have her back.”
“You admit we will marry.” John smiled back.
My fingers explored the front of John’s trousers, searching for any indication of an erection within.
“That is not a good answer.” John kissed him back.
“No evidence…” Sherlock murmured before returning to his task, this time swallowing it down to the root.
“I promised to protect her… And I failed you.” Sherlock responded.
John left and returned with cereal in a container.  I accepted it.
The faun grunted in reply, wrapping his arms and legs around John’s body.
John made some attempt to get him to open the door, knocking and calling through the door.  But Sherlock ignored him.  His fragile heart wasn’t ready to encounter the former bed slave who rejected him.  More than once he nearly tripped over trays of cold tea and stale toast on his way to the bathroom.  The only time he got any peace was when John returned to work.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John, pulling him against his chest.
I shook my head and tightened the sheet around my waist so she couldn’t see anything suspicious.
I remembered the flirting the Woman used to try on me.  Since John couldn’t stop thinking about her why not use some of her phrases on him?  “I’m hungry!” I replied as I dragged him to the bedroom.
John crawled onto the bed and straddled Sherlock’s butt, crouching to look down at the scars in the pale light of the lamp.  His fingers lightly traced lines.  “There’s a lot of them.”
I nodded at him, unable to speak.
Sherlock swallowed it all.  Finally he pulled off and looked up at John with a lazy smile on his face.
Suddenly the door opened again.  Sherlock looked in at the lord on the bed.  “Come along!”
“Do you watch everyone that inhabits the safe house?”
“I will be quiet.” Sherlock promised.
“It’s still very early and I’m not ready to go to sleep yet.”
It was easy to blame Sherlock.  Sherlock made John believe he had the power to protect Mary from any harm that came her way.  The fact that she wasn’t protected was proof that Sherlock was helpless.  It was easy for John to place his guilt on his lover.  If they hadn’t been lovers then Mary never would have left.  And Rosamund would still have her mother.
“The feast?”  John echoed quietly.  There was no mention of a feast when the plans were made for the wedding.
“Royal bastard, at your service.” Mycroft grinned and bowed before John.  “My mother was a common maid, unworthy of my royal father’s marriage bond.  A more delicate flower was chosen to be his queen, mother of my dear brother, his majesty William Sherlock Scott Holmes.  My royal father saw fit to keep me and bestow me with honors he couldn’t give my mother.”
“M’lord!”  Lestrade looked in.  Realizing what position they were in he cast his eyes to the floor.  “M’lord Sherlock… There is news.”
Two chapters in one day!
“John…” Sherlock gasped, knotting his fingers in John’s hair and helplessly moving his hips.  “I need to… Need to…”  But his words failed him and he was reduced to inarticulate grunts, his legs trying desperately to pull John closer.  And all at once in one glorious moment he felt his balls tighten and expel deep down John’s throat pulse upon pulse.  It took his several minutes to come down from his high and loosen his legs from where they were clamped about John’s head.  Slowly he relaxed.
I desperately wanted John to claim me and make me his in the way he belonged to me.  But there was no way I could say it.  “That is up to you.”
“Tell me again why I shouldn’t be extra careful around you?”
“You should.  It’s not exactly an honorary title that can be given to a family friend, like aunt or uncle.  She sees you as a father.” John noticed his ring had made its way to his fingertip and he pushed it back down into place.
“Sherlock?”
But it looks like this story is drawing to a close.  Sorry it couldn't be longer.  I blame "moving."  Moving day is in a couple of weeks.
“That what we are doing is unnatural and forbidden by the gods.”
“Isn’t it?  You declined my invitation.  What is so special about this conquest?”
“Thought what?”
Sherlock got up and leaned against John.  “When we get home we need to do more.”
“Gods…”  John moaned.
John stared down at where his shaft rested on Sherlock’s warm thigh.  The action seemed like it should be exciting and sexual… But it was as if his cock just naturally belonged resting somewhere on Sherlock’s body.  It was intimate but not erotic.  “I don’t... I might want to try these horse legs out.”
“Don’t forget to fill out your logs as to who you serviced and for how long.  Turn off the camera.”  And with the order the video ended.
“Warg?”  Sherlock frowned and looked to Lestrade.  “Was this body found in connection to a full moon?”
“Don’t make me repeat myself.” Sherlock replied.
We played her game.  And in the end I won and saved the man I loved from suffering the same fate as the friend I barely remembered.
“It would hardly be my first.” Watson admitted.  “I was once a schoolboy…” And then he trailed off.  “That does not matter.  You may touch me.  I will not leave you again.”
“What things?”  Sherlock asked.
“Nine.”  Lestrade answered.
Soon Rosie could sit up and there was no doubt that she secretly ruled the kingdom by tossing away her toys and expecting her king to fetch them for her.
“I’m not that sort of ruler.”  Sherlock echoed back his words.
“He didn’t know how to be a slave.”  John finally looked up at Sherlock’s face.  “You were horrible at it.”
Too soon the time Sherlock had at the safe house was over.  The next day he expected the car that would take him back to the city.  It was time to say goodbye.  “I wish you could come with me back to the city.  But I know you’ll hate it.”
John was broken and cruel.  It was almost as if he lost something vital when he lost Mary.  And I accepted this John.  A part of me knew this John was better than no John at all.  This John may take his anger out on me.
And for once Sherlock meekly obeyed.
“William Sherlock Scott Watson Holmes.”
Slowly she peeled off an elbow length black glove and with her final note tossed it into the audience.  As luck would have it, Bill Murray caught it with an excited “whoop” and showed it to his table of soldiers.
“They do?”  John looked genuinely surprised.
Sherlock bit his lips and blinked.
Sherlock paused in his kisses and rested his chin on John’s chest.  “Tomorrow you marry.  Tonight… Let me be inside of you.”
“My lord…” Lady Mary bowed to Lord John, keeping her eyes to the floor.
Lord John sat on his throne and stared at the man who was bound in chains before him.  The scruffy looking brunette had a smirk upon his lips and a dangerous gleam in his eyes.  “Why?”
Molly stared at the floor in the same pose as Lestrade.  She was not adorned with any jewelry.
Another chapter!  Yay!  Are you pleased?  To be fair... The chapter I posted yesterday was supposed to be part of this chapter but I wanted to create suspense.  Dun Dun DUNNNNNN!
“And Scott.”  Sherlock added.
“I heard what Eurus said when you were alone with her.”  John hinted.  “Are you sure there isn’t something you want to tell me?”
“I… don’t know what came over me.  I was breathing heavily though… he could hear it.  And really it’s none of his business what I was doing.”
“Um… adaptation?  Pay no attention to it… it will help you enter me.”
“You needed the sleep.” John answered as he buttoned up his shirt.  Picking up his shoes and socks, he leaned across the bed and kissed my forehead.  “See you.”  And with that he was across the room, opening the door.
“What do you do when you’re not shaking your tail feathers at a drag show?” John asked.
Patrons of the club were pouring out to watch the arrest.  A drag queen in red pushed her way past them to hurry to John’s side.
Sherlock closed the distance between them to kiss him again, scooting closer.  “How many condoms were in the box?”
“It’s a wedding present.  That is all that’s left of Moriarty.”
“They…” John plucked off one of the flowers.  “They left you in agony on purpose?”
Sherlock complied, finding it easier to manage when he was up on his knees.  Watching himself disappear into John’s depths with each in stroke he was fascinated by the mechanics behind the act as much as the sensations it gave him which was more like background noise at that point.
