John rolled his eyes. “I’ll buy you a new one. Come here,” he said again, raising his other hand to the back of Sherlock’s head to steady him as he brushed away the blood on his cheek.
Greg, however, seemed to understand completely, as his shoulders sagged and his lips pursed, and he let out a slow breath through his nose. “Yeah. He, um. He’ll do that.” He gave John an apologetic glance. “Sorry about that. But thank you for your time. Seriously.”
John turned, smile widening at the sound of Sherlock’s voice, to find the man looking at him with a small smile where he stood before the bench in the kitchen, piece of toast in one hand, a butterknife held aloft in the other.
“What qualifications do you have to help clients through addiction?” Sherlock inquired bluntly. “Besides your various degrees,” he elaborated with a flippant wave of one hand vaguely in the direction of the degrees hanging on the wall by John’s desk. His arm returned to cross over his chest with the other, but the stance was a bit less defensive now.
of a bullet ricocheting off metal sounded much too close to John’s head for his liking. He quickly ducked, but his cover was already blown.
After a long few moments, John muttered a curse and shifted in his chair.“Fine. Adrenaline causes your blood vessels to dilate. Is that what you want to hear?” he asked, voice clipped with frustration and confusion.
John nodded silently and looked back at the door, finding himself still a bit speechless. After a few long moments, Greg spoke up again.
“Oh?” John stood and reached for the door, holding it open for his client and following him into the waiting area.
Sherlock’s face, when John looked back, was twisted into a suspicious look, but soon enough he was on the move again, skimming over dusty windowsills and flattening himself on the floor to bury his face in the threadbare carpet and crawling on all fours to examine every centimetre of the wooden chair that was tipped sideways next to the body, every action completed with a dramatic flair that John would reserve for superheroes or divas.
“Not a robbery,” Sherlock repeated, “but a murder.” He ignored the stricken look John gave him. “Mr. Blessington has been killed.”
to stay over. Happens all the time,” he said, and turned back towards the pair, looking between them and then up and down Sergeant Donovan. “And I assume she
make you smarter.” He kept his voice firm, but still carrying a gentle edge. Sherlock remained silent, looking defiant. “Cocaine disrupts your neurotransmissions. That’s what drugs do. You’re a man of science; you know how the brain’s reward system works-”
John hummed lowly from beside him, obviously catching the subtle motion. “Yeah, I disposed of what you had left in your pockets,” the man said, and Sherlock didn’t need to look to see the hard line of his mouth, set like it always was when the doctor was disappointed. “I would apologise, but seeing as you broke into my flat, I think the least you could do is be clean while you’re here, hm?”
“Alright,” Sherlock said, suddenly agreeable, no bite in his words as he thoughtlessly took the baggie that Victor handed him, and then the detective turned and made his way out the door.
The light that filled Sherlock’s eyes warmed John thoroughly. He made it a goal, then and there, to make Sherlock look like that more often. “Really?” the detective asked through a happy smile, surprised and pleased.
; and they’d only just begun their work here.
he thought to himself with a small grin.
“Anything interesting at the Yard?” John asked as he leaned in the doorway of the kitchen.
In an instant, Sherlock froze, clearly thinking, and then he gasped, clapping his hands together in front of his face with an excited, “Oh!” before he ran outside.
His feet found their way a bit further out in front of him than normal, and he smiled secretly down at the newsprint when he heard Sherlock’s shoes shift and felt the subsequent bumping of their feet in the shared space between their chairs. He glanced up to see Sherlock still engrossed in his phone, and so went back to his reading.
“What are
It’s half eleven and John Watson isn’t home.
Bids,” the man still holding his gun yelled, and John ducked as the gun in the man’s hands aimed nearer to where he was hiding.
, he thought to himself as he handed the cabbie a handful of pounds and exited the car. The rain greeted him again and John cursed lightly to himself as he shut the taxi door and jogged across the pavement to a door with the number seven marked on the front in chipped chrome markings, and he dug the unfamiliar set of keys out of his pocket. Thankfully, the front door to the building was unlocked, and he let himself into a dimly-lit foyer with a set of stairs to the right and a hallway to the left. Figuring 7D was upstairs, John plodded his way up the staircase to the upper floor, where doors to 7C and 7D greeted him. He was able to find the correct key to Sherlock’s door on the first try, and he was thankful for it, because he wasn’t sure how he’d react if another tenant from the building witnessed him entering Sherlock’s flat. But he got through the door without incident, let it close behind him with a gentle ‘thud,’ and felt around on the wall next to him for a light switch.
His charm was certainly practised, likely something he’d perfected in university or in the army to tempt and lure young women to his bed.
John chuckled, rolling his eyes as he opened the shower door to step inside.
He wanted to scream. He wanted to burst out from his hiding spot and fill all five of their smarmy heads with lead for even
And Sherlock knew it.
, you’re a
last night, for fuck’s sake.” The man’s cheeks grew impossibly more flushed at the verbalisation. “We basically
“What makes you say that?” John asked curiously, tilting his head slightly and settling comfortably into the conversation – complaining about police officers being daft was certainly an interesting way to start a session, but he’d take it. “I rather think they’ve got to be at least somewhat competent – they caught that serial killer a few days ago, didn’t they? It was all over the news,” he said, recalling the headlines from earlier that week. A grisly story, it had been, for certain. John, for one, was impressed by the cunning of the police force – it took a lot of work to catch masterminds like the mass-murderer they’d recently apprehended, didn’t it?
“Well you don’t have to
He stuffed his phone into his pocket and stood up; but the action sent his head swimming once more and he swayed on his feet. Thankfully, he was stabilised not a moment later by a pair of strong hands; one grasping his arm, the other pressed solidly to the small of his back.
“I suppose not,” John hummed, and then looked curiously at the small bit of paper in Sherlock’s hands. “What’s that, then?”
With a sigh, John moved to turn off the television, but his thumb stopped, hovering over the power button on the remote, when he heard the meteorologist turn the news over to the main news anchors, the “Breaking News” headline taking over the screen in bold, white font.
Thank you so, so, SO much for clicking your way here and reading this little drabble. It was refreshing for me to write; I needed to get away from my other fic for a bit to reboot my system and write something fresh, and it certainly helped. To anyone reading Resident Patient, I'm sorry. That's all I have to say. I'll get to it, I promise. I'm working on it as we speak. Promise, promise, promise.
The sights out the window were even more bleak than they usually were, London’s typical dreary grey made ever the more gloomy by the rain, though it didn’t dampen John’s mood. He shivered slightly in the back seat of the taxi as the chill seeped into his bones and made itself more known now that he was no longer in the rain, but he was comforted by the knowledge that he’d soon be in the company of Sherlock once again.
“So,” John began as he drew up to walk by Sherlock’s side. “We’re just going to… hide out across the street from this place, then?”
“Well, I certainly wouldn’t mind using that as a quick cover if someone were to round the corner unexpectedly.” He chuckled and watched on with unbridled adoration as Sherlock’s head dipped in an attempt to quell the grin conquering his lips. He didn’t move from where he stood on the slab next to John, but the doctor’s smile softened when he watched the man’s shoulders rise and fall with a breath.
“PPD15M,” Sherlock recited, “Peace Pagoda, Death, fifteen minutes.”
John laughed and stepped away from the counter. “We can go find her and nab them, then step outside?” he suggested. “The back garden wasn’t horribly crowded last I saw.”
“I-” the younger man paused, blinking a few times before clearing his throat. “I didn’t know. I mean, I had guessed about the night terrors, and the drinking, but-” Sherlock pursed his lips, just looking at John with a sort of renewed interest, like John was somehow now more intriguing. “I didn’t know,” he said again, a little softer.
“Hmm?”
John smiled back, thankful for the assurance, though he wasn’t really sure what all he was doing; he clearly hadn’t succeeded thus far in keeping Sherlock away from drugs, but Greg didn’t need to know that. “Good. I’m glad.”
Epilogue
party.
“There’s something connecting the suicides,” Sherlock continued in a murmur.
The silence was comfortable until the sound of a distant siren behind them broke through the relative silence of the night.
“I was thinking, maybe, we could find a place where we’d be less likely to be disturbed,” he suggested, and any arguments Sherlock had died on his lips as he moved to follow John through the door, much to the shorter man’s apparent amusement. He reached behind him to grab Sherlock’s hand, lacing their fingers together almost immediately. Sherlock wondered at how naturally the action came.
“Victor came over and asked me to join them,” Sherlock replied simply.
Sighing, John peeled the blue, plastic monstrosity off of himself and tossed it into the giant bin along the brick wall. Then, at a loss for what to do with himself, he ambled out of the lot and off towards the way he and Sherlock had come in, staying close to the buildings and steadfastly avoiding Sally Donovan and that Anderson character, who were talking to each other and looking at him indiscreetly from where they stood by a police cruiser a fair distance away.
basking in the rich scent of sandalwood in the shampoo he used. He’d found a clean washcloth folded on a shelf by the shower and used it to scrub the invisible grime from his body; it had been days since he’d showered, and he hadn’t felt quite right since he’d gotten sick. It was a wonder John had been so willing to be so close to him for any length of time. The water, scalding hot, cut through Sherlock’s bone-deep chills and did wonders to clear his mind; while his head had been unavoidably clouded for the past few days with intermittent thoughts of the army-doctor who was playing as his host, which wasn’t helped by the fact that he was going through withdrawal and there were no new solid leads in the case, now he was beginning to gain his focus back. Despite the fact that his criminals were likely out of the country, that didn’t mean that all hope was lost. At least, that’s what he told himself as he shut off the taps, shook his curls free of excess water, and exited the shower.
“Please,” Sherlock whispered frantically, breaths coming in short gasps, and John looked at him helplessly-
They both spoke simultaneously, and John went absolutely scarlet and rolled his eyes as Sherlock gave an impish grin, looking thoroughly pleased.
,” he said, and John’s eyes narrowed at the almost-mocking tone. “Bravery is by far the kindest word for stupidity, don’t you think?” he continued, which John didn’t deign with an answer. “What is your connection to Sherlock Holmes?”
aren’t going to start pounding on the wall that separates their flats in retaliation. His head aches, his arms ache, his sides ache, and he desperately wants a cigarette. “Rosie,” he cooes, “my darling, if you would be so kind as to cease this ridiculous…
“I’m tired,” Sherlock admitted on a long, drawn-out breath. “And let’s not forget I’m still suffering withdrawal symptoms. Quite frankly, I’m amazed I’ve managed to go this long without vomiting.”
When John turned around and caught no sight of Sherlock, he sighed heavily; he hadn’t really expected for them to
“Any spare change, Sir?” the young lad asked, looking up at Sherlock with overdramatic sweetness, his large brown eyes giving a pleading look.
Nodding silently, John crossed the few paces between the door and the front corner of the warehouse, and dared to peek around the edge.
“Quit your sulking.” Irene’s voice cut through his thoughts from where she stood appraising her handiwork in the mirror, “you’re lucky I’m not making you wear a cape.”
Letting out a slow sigh, John shrugged his own blanket off of his shoulders and was about to hop down off of the edge when Sherlock came to stand before him, situating himself between John’s knees. The blond looked up to find the detective looking at him intently.
He’d kissed Sherlock Holmes.
The skittering of Sherlock’s shoes against the concrete as he hurriedly distanced himself from the lifeless heap and the rapidly widening pool of crimson on the floor was swallowed by the lamenting wails of Pavel as the man staggered forward to collapse on his knees beside his brother. As John watched on, everything seemed to happen in slow-motion; Sherlock tripped over his own feet and landed hard on his backside, rendered clumsy by his shock; Pavel brought his hands, already glistening, red and wet, to hold his head in stunned disbelief while a string of pleas in Russian fell from his lips; of the other three men in the room, one had drawn his gun and was pointing it frantically everywhere, one had retrieved the discarded firearm from the floor by Matvei’s limp hand and was pointing it in Sherlock’s direction, and the third man, appearing unarmed and clearly shaken, was taking hasty steps towards the door.
Read and be merry. Hope you enjoy, and I'll see y'all in the End Notes.
Lestrade pursed his lips and shook his head with a soft hum. “Ah, no. No killer.”
Among the bottles were several mixers, including a jug of dark, red liquid. “If there’s cranberry juice, I’d have that with vodka,” Sherlock suggested. A bit of liquid courage wouldn't go amiss.
“An enemy,” the man replied, all too quickly. To which John raised an eyebrow.
- before sitting up in the bed, thumbs flying over the keys as he shared his location with the Detective Inspector. “Good,” he said offhandedly, and then pushed at the duvet to receive a displeased noise from John at the sudden exposure to the open air. “Get up,” Sherlock demanded, turning to push gently at John’s shoulder, “we’re going to have company. I need to shower- may I use your soap?”
“I don’t have a problem with sharing.”
to let her know how impossibly infuriating she was being, and grumbled to himself as he shoved the door open and got out of the car with as much grace as he could muster.
in,” he said, “and they are more than a touch uncomfortable.” He raised a hand to stick his pointer finger and thumb into his mouth to twist and pull at one of his fangs. “Hhow go yoo geh veeze phucking phingz ouh,” he murmured to himself, and John laughed again.
, blanche
And then John giggles. He shakes in Sherlock’s arms, and Sherlock can feel the puffs of his breath against his neck. Sherlock blushes fiercely and makes to pull away.
“Seen a lot of… violent deaths,” the brunette continued, stalking closer.
Ever the true Englishman that he was, John’s immediate reflex, of course, was to make himself tea; because there was not a problem in the world that couldn’t be fixed by a good cuppa. Hobbling gingerly into the kitchen, his entire body trembling subtly, John determinedly focused on the mundane task of fixing tea as he put the kettle on to boil and fetched a tea bag and mug from their respective cupboards. It seemed that the therapeutic act of going through the familiar motions was working as, a few minutes later, John barely had to put any thought into not letting his hands shake as he poured steaming water into his prepared mug. After setting the kettle back on the stove, he picked up his mug with the hand not gripping his cane, and turned away from the counter, rather appeased, his nerves somewhat tamed.
But as John turned to lead the way to the red, boxy vehicle with its lights on, waiting for them, Sherlock caught him by the shoulder and gently spun him back around the face him. Before John could pose a question, he was surprised by a brief, chaste press of Sherlock’s warm, slightly-chapped lips against his own. The doctor let out a pleased hum and smiled when Sherlock pulled away, but rolled his eyes fondly when he saw a new spot of red adorning Sherlock’s top lip. He reached up quickly to wipe it away with the scarf he still held, and shook his head with fondness as he turned to walk to the ambulance, Sherlock following closely behind him.
Sherlock worried his bottom lip a moment before taking a fortifying breath. “I’m sure if you asked any of the people who have been unfortunate enough to cross paths with me, they’d tell you I’m a freak. That seems to be the most popular slur,” he said easily, looking down to absently examine his cuticles.
“What are you suggesting, then?”
would wish to attend such an event. “I’m your therapist. Not your crime-solving partner.”
When John had been discharged, the pension he was given was nowhere near enough to survive in London; but he knew that London was where he wanted to be. At first, the charming, orchestrated chaos of the city was what beckoned him. His soldier’s brain thought that a quiet home in the country would very well do him in. Even back in Aldershot, he’d be as good as dead. It wasn’t the glamour of the city, but the bustle, the constant motion that would give him the sense of
“I do,” Irene confirmed, patting her shimmery, dark-emerald purse which held her phone, both their wallets, and, thankfully, his smokes. “Not that you’ll be needing them,” she added, shooting him a look.
“He’s
knew. They were on the same page. John had to fight the urge to smile wickedly. Instead, he affected a terrified visage, and dared to hedge closer to the two men.
Sherlock nodded cautiously. “Correct. To my knowledge, anyway. I’d reckon it was probably a dextromethorphan-something… Victor has a fondness for the dissociative. So, perhaps that mixed with something amphet-based. Or coke,” he said with a shrug. “Certainly something I’ve never tried. Whatever it is,” the young detective sighed, pushing a hand through his riotous locks as he valiantly fought the urge to tremble, “it’s got a horrendously short half-life.” He could tell he was already on the cusp of tumbling into what would likely be a miserable come-down period.
He felt helpless.
Sherlock’s smile turned into a Cheshire grin, and he didn’t respond, striding through the kitchen, keeping their eyes locked until he brushed past John, who turned to watch him go, a stunned look on his face as Sherlock went down the hallway to disappear into the bathroom. The sound of running water shortly followed.
“Watch what you say-” she uncapped the tube and pursed her lips before pouting them outward “-I’ve got you a pair as well. With any luck, blood won’t be the only thing you’re sucking tonight.” She ignored the look of horror on Sherlock’s face and did her best to not cackle as she applied her lipstick, darker than the night, to contrast sharply with her porcelain complexion.
“Show me the body,” he said after a long moment.
Whether or not the porcelain shards actually looked like bone, and regardless of just how John drew a line between dried blood and tea, one thing was certain; it was going to be a very long day.
“What?” When Sherlock looked back up to the sound of John’s voice, the man’s expression had morphed into something crestfallen and perplexed. “Why?” The way John immediately rose to his defense made Sherlock’s chest ache. He found himself, for once, hating the fact that he was moments away from scaring someone else off.
“Alright, you-”
“I mentioned my drug usage,” Sherlock said finally, looking at John directly.
John furrowed his brow and stepped closer, nudging Sherlock’s arm with his own. “Hey, you couldn’t have seen that coming. For all your genius, not even you could have seen that. Don’t beat yourself up over it.” The huff he received in response didn’t sound chipper. “Sherlock. Hey.” He waited until the detective looked at him, and then he gave a soft smile. “Why don’t you tell me how you know the bag is in the boot, hm?”
, he reminded himself, thrilled that he’d managed to procure that bit of knowledge, though he wasn’t entirely certain
“First year of uni,” Sherlock affirmed, eyes trailing to look at something in the carpet by John’s chair. “Roommate was friends with a dealer.”
counted.
They strode the rest of the distance to the end of the street, and neither of them could explain the sudden, miraculous appearance of an unoccupied taxi cab, but they didn’t question it as Sherlock hailed it and they climbed in.
Before John had the chance to question - and he had
a doctor who was
The sounds of footsteps hammering against the concrete floor launched John into action – because he realised that he was absolutely no good to Sherlock if he was caught as well. So he crawled around the flat and dove behind a piece of machinery – something that resembled a plough, the orange paint having long been mostly eroded away and replaced with the titian hue of rust. He scrambled to the opposite side of it, ending up a fair distance away from where he and Sherlock had been hiding, and peeked carefully between the rusted steel parts to see where Sherlock was still making a show of scrambling across the floor.
“Her,” he said, motioning with a subtle nod of his head. “The girl in the atrocious candy-corn costume.” He glanced to John and watched his eyes move to the girl. “Do you know her?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sherlock? Come in, come in,” the doctor ushered, a small, tired smile gracing his features as he stood politely to pull the door shut as Sherlock stepped inside the small office. He could feel the younger man’s steady gaze boring through him before he even turned around to look at the other. Sure enough, stormy, opalescent eyes met his own in a penetrating stare once he’d turned to face him; though, strangely enough, John found himself almost reassured by the solidity and sureness of it. His own smile softened, growing a fraction more genuine. “It’s good to see you.”
First order of business: The excerpts from the book John is reading are from The Face of a Stranger by Anne Perry.
“You going to explain what that was?” John asked quietly from where he walked alongside him.
John started, and then grinned, but didn’t get the chance to speak further.
“Are you alright?” he asked, and he sounded more sincere than John had anticipated. The doctor blinked.
Sherlock blinked once, twice, and then his brow creased with confusion as he looked to his side at John, expression carefully guarded. He was met with a face so open and earnest in its awe, he nearly forgot how to breathe. “Sorry?” he managed to croak out.
See you next time!
“Oh, no.”
However pleasant and intriguing the concept, Sherlock pushed his thoughts aside for the time being, and his focus narrowed on the structure that loomed before them in the distance; painted white with intricate architecture and a black roof of a distinct style.
“Christ,” John quipped, “you could have just said ‘no’.”
to his new life; to him and the madman, Sherlock Holmes.
“The gang was founded sometime around 1970,” Sherlock explained, purely for John’s benefit, “with their first major heist taking place in 1975 when they robbed the Worthington Bank of around seven-thousand quid.” He glanced over to John, and was captivated by the raptness with which the doctor appeared to be listening to him. Sherlock had to look away again, wetting his lips unconsciously out of nervousness before he continued. “After the heist, they began leaving tags - this was mostly after 1980 when street art took hold in England,” he added, “but nonetheless, they adapted the name the newspapers at the time gave them: The Worthington Bank Gang. Cliché,” he said with a grimace and a shrug, “but understandable given that their talents lie in crime rather than originality. They developed a tattoo design - the one we saw on Blessington’s ankle - to distinguish gang members and brand them, as a way to prove their loyalty, and as a means of identification, should it be necessary.”
out of the country, there’s a potential for us finding at least
But tonight, Sherlock decides, he will enjoy the feeling of being wrapped in John’s warmth, enjoy the flutter of John’s lashes against his skin, enjoy the steady rise and fall of John’s chest against his ribs…
“The bag, yes; he had a bag, a good-sized duffel, earlier today. It was under that window. John remembers.” John nodded. “Where is it? What have you done with it?” Sherlock asked as he went to look at the body again.
“Okay.” He tried his best to relax in his seat without letting his guard down; this was the second time in as many days that John had been without his gun in a situation that bloody well merited his having a fucking gun. He made a silent pact with himself to carry it with him from this point out, always. Not that it’d help him now, he thought dismally as the car rounded a corner onto a less-populated road. A few minutes of tapping his foot and monitoring his own breathing went by before he decided to fill the silence with something other than the woman’s fingernails tapping at her phone screen, and the rain tapping at their windows. “So,” he tried, “what’s your name?”
“Colleague of mine,” he said firmly.
“I’m honoured to be one of those reasons,” John whispers, barely audible. He sighs against Sherlock’s chest, his hand smoothing back down to wrap tightly around Sherlock’s middle. “Thank you.”
The silence, heavy with questions, seemed to hang in the air for an eternity before the young receptionist spoke, her voice quiet. “Well, ten minutes until closing.” She looked to John with a faint sigh and a tired smirk. “Rather exciting end to the day. What happened? Why’d he storm out like that?” she asked curiously.
Quick CW for brief depictions and talks of suicide, and some more graphic depictions of a suicide/murder crime scene. Thanks so much for clicking your way here, and I hope you enjoy.
worst patients, John thought as he watched Sherlock grouse and sneer at each hand that prodded at him, loudly declaring that he
Hi everyone,
Mycroft had called him late Saturday evening, whilst he was at the crime scene at Blessington’s café with John, conveniently letting him know the last known locations of the Russian brothers, and he’d run off without another word to John, Lestrade, or anyone else.
John licked his lips when he took his drink away. “Well, you must have an absolutely rotten personality, because otherwise I don’t see how the bloody hell you’re single.” His quirky grin was more charming than it had any right to be.
“Pleasure to meet you both,” the blonde girl - Mary - said, tilting her head in a polite manner that made Sherlock’s skin crawl. John, however, beamed at them both, and Sherlock’s prickly defenses quickly crumbled.
Our boys are FINALLY ON THE SAME PAGE. I'm as relieved as you are (probably more relieved, to be honest).
and John had to hide his manic grin in a fold of the bright orange shock blanket that had been draped over his shoulders.
“What are you doing?” the blond asks, the question drawn out with confusion and surprise, and a little amusement. Sherlock frowns.
At that, Sherlock quirked an eyebrow. “You’re
“The dealer.”
The detective tipped his head to the side, his grin still in place. "I helped him put up some shelves."
“I’d rather not think of where you
“Ah, ah, ah,” she said in a rushed, chastising voice, and as she came closer John recognised her from the same interview he’d seen Lestrade in on the telly. “What do you think you’re doing?” she asked in a way that led John to believe she and the tall man who was about to duck under the crime scene tape were well-acquainted, and not in a friendly way.
And to top it all off, off to one side of the room, underneath the bit of frayed rope that was tied to the rafter, lying there being more or less ignored as if it were but a minor inconvenience to step around, was the body of Mr. Blessington, with the rest of the rope tied around his neck.
Second order of business: Thank you so much for clicking your way here and reading, and for all of your feedback. Seriously, thank you.
“Touché,” the doctor acquiesced with a slight nod. “But it’s worth mentioning that I’m not
“Oi! Freak! Keep your bloody nose in your own business!” she shouted after them, and when John made to turn around to shout some choice words back at her, Sherlock nudged his arm with a soft, “don’t bother,” and John complied, if only to keep from causing a scene.
“Foundation.” Mary leaned back and deposited more beige liquid on her brush before returning to paint John’s neck. “I’ve got to find a decent shade for you, though… Not everyone can be as perfectly bronzed as you are,” she murmured, and a sidelong glance at the vanity mirror told John that, indeed, Mary’s foundation was a few shades too light for his own skin. “We’ll get it, in time,” she reassured, and John sat back and closed his eyes as he waited.
, Sherlock.”
get a bloody
"We're leaving," he answered over his shoulder as the doctor hurried to catch up with him.
people become addicted to drugs. They fancy themselves stronger, smarter, happier, more motivated, more sociable, more
“I’m being paid to mind,” she returned easily with a smile that didn’t reach what John could see of her chocolate brown eyes, and John gave a small nod and a sigh through his nose in response.
And there it is: the end to this story. But at the same time, it's really just the beginning, isn't it?
” he exclaimed suddenly, and broke into a run, going the same direction the cruiser had.
“You know her?” he asked, surprised, and Sherlock shook his head.
Both doctor and patient fell and remained silent for almost a full minute, Sherlock looking as though he were deep in thought, and John just silently observing and giving Sherlock as much time as he needed to think.
John did his absolute best to recover from the pause in his work and in his breathing, blinking away his surprise. “There’s only one bed,” he said, instead of answering.
The frantic cry of his name in Sherlock’s voice was cut abruptly short as John promptly lost consciousness.
doesn’t mean I’m paying with my body,” he said, looking properly scandalised.
“Why?”
“You’ve got my cigarettes in your clutch, haven’t you?” Sherlock asked as he and Irene made their way down the dimly-lit sidewalk. God knew
” he whined as John swiped the (apparently fucking
Something in John’s eyes shifted at the question. “Are you?” he asked cautiously in return, and Sherlock could hardly breathe. He looked away.
“Mm; a young girl who claims her sister was murdered by a spotted rope,” he said, and apparently took great amusement in the look of confusion on John’s face. He chuckled, and then had mercy on the doctor, explaining further. “And immediately after, I have an interview with a man from Thailand who deals exotic pets, one of which is a spotted coral snake. Venomous, and certainly lethal to a young child.”
Long chapter today! Lots going on!
- Sherlock approached the yellow tape, only to be stopped by a young woman, about his age or younger, with dark skin and darker hair in a uniform who had been standing by a cop car on the other side of the tape.
“Let’s hope it doesn’t come to that,” John murmured, his own grin audible in his words, and Sherlock gave a hum in acknowledgement.
“Morning,” John rejoined, striding forward slowly to join Sherlock in the kitchen. “Breakfast?” he asked, observing the four pieces of toast piled on a small plate and a small tub of butter sitting in front of Sherlock on the marbled countertop.
Despite his better judgement, John stopped, and he fought with himself internally as he weighed his chances; if he didn’t play along, the man may very well pull a fucking sword out of his damned brolly and run him through. The bastard looked the sort to do it. After setting his jaw, John turned around. “What?” he asked, clearly irritated.
“I was introduced to cannabis in sixth form when the boy I shared a room with in the boarding house was an avid smoker. My first experience was uneventful, and I quickly found the culture around the consumption of marijuana, including binge-eating and discussing contemptible excuses for philosophical epiphanies all rather trite… I had been under the impression, previously, that intoxicants would aide in my… my desire to slow down.” Sherlock frowned at the blank wall as he finished.
“No!” John says, quickly wrapping an arm around Sherlock’s waist and pulling him close. “No, no- I’m sorry. It’s lovely. Just… funny.” His chuckles are soft now.
Absolutely fed up, John huffed and turned around, starting to march back to the car that brought him here, and he nearly growled when a voice sounded behind him.
up, that he missed Sherlock reaching for a bottle of soap and a luffa, and was surprised when said lathered-up luffa was swept across his chest. He blinked water out of his eyes to look up at Sherlock, and he smiled. “Shampoo?” he asked over the sound of the water.
Sherlock apparently didn’t notice, his mercurial eyes scrutinizing his toast where he sat across from John. The blond’s smile softened with fondness before he turned his attention to his own breakfast, and took a large bite of his toast.
, I have three degrees in medicine, and I can confidently tell you that drugs do
“Fair point,” he said, and pushed off of the wall, dropping his cigarette to crush it with the heel of one posh Yves Saint Laurent before starting off down the pavement wordlessly, clearly expecting John to follow.
Had he been expecting something else? Perhaps a heated snog before parting ways? The atmosphere between them suggested something entirely different, though, and John wracked his brain for something, anything he missed-
a) long texting scenes do not add up to lots of words, and
Giving him a small, fond smile of thanks, Sherlock lit his cigarette, and let out a sigh after the first long drag that John would normally only hear when his own mouth was wrapped around Sherlock’s cock, and he was almost offended, but the look of relief on the man’s face made something twist painfully in his gut.
But maybe his burning need to find a real
“Fuck,” he whispered, disgusted at the thought that the blood from Pavel’s fist had gotten onto his mouth - but Pavel hadn’t hit his mouth. John raised his hand to touch tentatively under his nose, and as he withdrew his hand to find his fingers covered in sticky, red fluid, he rolled his eyes. “Great,” he murmured derisively, wiping the length of his sleeve under his nose to swipe away the blood that was steadily leaking from it, wincing at the pain as he brushed his nose too roughly.
, before sticking the end of it in his mouth to hold it steady. As an afterthought, though, he removed it from between his lips and looked up and back at John. “Keep watch, will you?” he asked, before the torch was in his mouth again, pointed at the doorknob, and both his hands, each wielding a metal tool, began their assault on the keyhole.
, Kent,
When the scarf was removed from his mouth to gently scrub at a semi-dried bit of blood beside his nose, Sherlock spoke. “Okay. Or we could just split the rent.”
Tomorrow, he thought, as he closed his eyes and willed himself to get at least a few hours of decent sleep. He’d text Sherlock tomorrow.
I'm releasing this information because the final third of this chapter (maybe more) is just sex. I do so hope that no one objects...
It was then that he realised it was raining.
“No,” Sherlock answered simply, and the small smile that disappeared behind the rim of the bottle in John’s hand sent something in Sherlock’s stomach aflutter.
“I- yes, you may. Help yourself to whatever you need,” came the doctor’s response as Sherlock bent down to rifle through the duffle bag containing his clothes John had retrieved for him.
will take us to sunny Portugal.”
John laughed at that, prompting Sherlock to smile.
John spent the rest of the ride back to his flat thinking over the strange encounter with the man who was inexplicably concerned with Sherlock, while pretending not to be pleased that the impromptu meeting had taken long enough that the rain was finally starting to lighten up.
The magazines he used held ten bullets; prior to meeting Sherlock, after he’d been discharged from service and from hospital, John had (reluctantly) visited his sister in the country and had spent five of them in her backyard, taking his frustrations out on some emptied beer bottles, watching them shatter with a twisted sense of satisfaction. One more had been spent when, on a dismal night, he’d taken a trip to a dark part of town, silencer at the ready, his head full of intent. But what had originally started as a literal suicide mission had ended with him putting a bullet in the Earth and spending half an hour shaking with silent sobs on a park bench at two a.m.
Spoiler: it's porn. Shameless, shameless porn. Sorry.
“Right. Well, Sherlock, pleasure to meet you.” John blatantly ignored the rather sassy eye-roll he was given in response, and continued on. “So, what brings you here today?” he asked conversationally.
- I prefer keeping chapters to a healthy 5,000 to 7,000 words.
“Please, Ms. Winstead, call me John.” A warm, kind smile made its way onto John’s face as he extended his right hand to gently grasp that of the young woman before him. “And of course, it was a pleasure seeing you, as always,” he added, his smile holding an easy, practised charm that, without fail, made his patient’s cheeks flush the lightest shade of pink.
“Two-hundred quid, John.”
“I- thank you, Sherlock,” John said, chest expanding with fondness and gratitude.
It's been a few weeks, and I apologise, but what can I say? Family things and life happen sometimes. Rest assured that all is well now and you can expect for updates to resume as planned. Here's a little something for you this evening (or morning, or afternoon) that I hope you'll enjoy before my next update, which will be VERY soon.
“Do you?” The question wasn’t sarcastic; Sherlock looked genuinely curious. “Besides living with an alcoholic brother?”
“That was, um.” John huffed a gentle laugh and hastily unclenched his hands from Sherlock’s coat when he realised he was still gripping it. “That was probably bad timing.”
CONTENT WARNING: Gratuitous depictions of drug-usage.
- fucking
“Quit squirming!” Mary reprimanded with a gentle but firm smack to John’s thigh, and in response, John kept as still as possible, fingers grasping the sides of his seat, wide eyes fixed on the mirror of Mary’s vanity as the young woman worked the point of one scissor blade into a small hole in the layered latex and tissue. After much trial and error, she’d managed to find a mix of foundations and bronzers that matched John’s skin tone nearly perfectly -
“This is my favourite shirt,” John murmurs sadly, hand sliding up Sherlock’s side to brush his fingers over the dried stains on his chest.
A look at his watch assured him that, in a few short hours, he would get to go home. No more scheduled appointments for the day. Maybe he would get lucky, and this walk-in would be his last--
I'd like to thank everyone who has read this and left wonderful kudos and wonderful comments. I love you all so much, it's so nice to know that people are actually enjoying what I (attempt to) write. Seriously. This being my first ever work, I wasn't expecting very much in terms of feedback, let alone positive feedback. I've received more than I could have hoped for from you guys. You are all awesome and I love each and every one of you. So thank you, thank you, thank you, from the bottom of my heart.
into a gang hideout.”
His gun was empty.
John stood, setting his tea aside, letting the newspaper fall forgotten to the floor. “Yes... yes.” He looked between Sherlock’s eyes, seeing the mischief there. The corner of his own lips quirked up in an almost-imperceptible grin as he played along. His voice softened, but stayed firm. “Enough for a lifetime.”
in the air in unbridled glee, exclaiming
And Sherlock smiled, as bright as the shining sun in the clear blue sky that shone down upon them in their boat on the beautiful sea, making the waters glimmer radiantly. John could see the horizon in Sherlock’s eyes; it was crystal clear and limitless.
“What?” John asked, looking with wide eyes between Sherlock and the crime scene, now observing the bustle behind the red tape like a small child would, with no small amount of fascination and intrigue.
He closed the door behind him and snatched a clean towel from a bar on the wall, wrapping himself in its fluffy warmth before hastily running it over his limbs and torso to dry himself. Once finished, he scrubbed the towel over his hair to ruffle and dry it as much as he could. It’d likely still be damp when he got to work, but he supposed it wouldn’t be the first time; and, at least, it would be clean.
, at least until your father gets home, I would be greatly appreciative. I’ll even give you Jaffa Cakes the next time we have some. How does that sound?”
“Gregory Lestrade of New Scotland Yard,” Sherlock supplied quickly.
“No time for tea!” he called as he kneeled to put them on, and didn't bother stifling his grin at the displeased groan that came from the kitchen. “Lestrade is likely nearly here, and we can’t waste any time. You can get tea later.”
“John, please,” the doctor said, “I’m doing alright. And yourself?”
, he’s had her watch him move a jar of fingers from the crisper onto the bottom shelf
quickly,” the man said, an out-loud observation. “A soldier’s folly. Loyal and trusting to a fault.”
“Something’s different this time,” Sherlock mumbled, eyebrows furrowed, seemingly lost to the world. That was, until the sound of footsteps coming quickly up the stairs had him turning around to stare at the door.
“And how’s it going?”
“I can hardly be blamed,” the younger man said, affecting an annoyed expression and giving a half-hearted scoff, and John just chuckled quietly again while Sherlock turned his attention back to the space between the two warehouses. “Anyway,” he continued dismissively in a whisper, and carefully, quietly, stepped around the corner.
him to - but the look on John’s face, thoughtful and bordering on mischievous, stopped him. The shorter man’s eyes turned up in the direction of one large speaker mounted on the wall near them as the music streaming out of it changed, and a resounding cheer emanated from the crowd as they seemingly recognised the song.
for the two of them today.
John followed as quietly as he could, rolling the rubber soles of his trainers from heel to toe with each step across the gravel to keep from making too much noise. His gun was gripped in both hands as he rounded the corner, and his eyes were immediately drawn to a metal ladder with chipped blue paint lying on its side, leaning up against the wall. The doctor came to stand next to Sherlock, who was looming next to a large, industrial, metal rubbish bin that was pressed against the wall under a high window. One of the hinged plastic lids was propped open with what looked to be scrap metal, broken plastic, and bits of rusty scaffolding. Sherlock was laying his gloved hands – when had he put gloves on? – on the closed lid, appearing to gauge its sturdiness. “Need a boost?” John asked on a breath, tucking his gun back into the waistband of his jeans and lacing the fingers of both hands together, palm up, before half-kneeling beside Sherlock. The man looked at him with an expression of surprise before giving a smile of gratitude, wordlessly accepting the offer with a silent nod. The doctor braced himself as a gloved, long-fingered hand gently gripped his shoulder and one black shoe that probably cost more than his fucking rent slotted neatly into the platform his palms provided, and with one smooth heave, Sherlock was on top of the bin, steadying himself with one hand against the metal wall of the warehouse, and John was standing and brushing little bits of gravel from his hands.
Dubious, Sherlock quirked a brow. “A wealthy prostitute- ow!” He sidestepped in a failed attempt to dodge the slender hand with dark, beryl green-tipped fingers that swatted at him, and when he glared at Irene’s reflection in the mirror, she looked close to laughter.
“-Stay.”
“Sexy Nurse, obviously,” Mary said, and the pair shared a laugh.
The doctor rolled his eyes, and heaved a sigh, intending to convey how very hard Sherlock was making it to feel bad about himself - but he couldn’t help the small smirk that turned up the corner of his lips. “I suppose I put up a decent fight tonight-- we both did,” he acquiesced, much to Sherlock’s delight, if the soft smile that graced his lips was anything to go by. “Speaking of,” John continued, easing away from the depth of their conversation by steering back to what they’d come in here to do in the first place, “I’m knackered, you need a shower, and I’m supposed to be the therapist; not you,” he teased lightly, and Sherlock scoffed and rolled his eyes.
“Attempting to comfort you.”
“What do you like? Strong, sweet, dry…? There’s all sorts of stuff here,” the blond said, rummaging through the selection of bottles.
“Of course, Sally,” Sherlock said, and ignored the girl completely as he dipped under the tape before lifting it up for John to dip under.
“That’s not an uncommon feeling,” the doctor began, and shifted forward in his chair. “The difference here, from what I’m gathering, is that the high has less to do with you physically
“That interview was from a few days ago; since then, the man responsible for her death, thirty-year-old Matthew Hughes-” a mugshot of a rather rugged-looking man appeared in the corner of the screen briefly “-has been taken into custody, and will be put on trial for murder in the first degree. Meanwhile, a public memorial service to celebrate the life of Laura and to honour her memory will be held in Watford this weekend for her friends and colleagues to attend and pay respects to the family suffering this tragic loss. More information about the service and this case can be found on our website. In other news, construction on Farringdon Street to potentially cause significant traffic delays this week after-”
Once in the bathroom, Sherlock quickly shed his jeans, kicking them off to land in the corner of the room, and John, growing more comfortable in the proceedings, began unfastening his own; but he stopped when he looked up and happened to find Sherlock staring at him.
in,” he explained.
But the more time he spent in figment-John’s presence, the more Sherlock fretted over just why this man, after less than a month, had managed to tip Sherlock’s self-centric universe on its axis enough to garner his own suite in his Mind Palace. There were very few
Sherlock gave him a soft smile back before returning to his coffee. John’s smile stayed in place as he polished off his buttered toast, wondering how he’d gotten so lucky.
Onto the chapter!
A quick check of the chamber assured John that the gun was fully-loaded, and as he closed the nightstand drawer and reached back to tuck the handgun into the back of his waistband and under his oatmeal jumper where it nestled comfortably and safely against the small of his back before finally heading out the door, the feelings of helplessness and brooding thoughts of a loud bang followed by nothingness, were replaced by adrenaline, and fantastical visions of tailing a fantastical man in a dark coat through the dimly-lit London streets.
“Mm.” Sherlock’s responding hum was immediately followed by the scraping of the butterknife of the perfectly-crusty toast in his large hand.
“Ugh- for fuck’s sake,” John mumbled, words as heavy-laden with sleep as the arm draped solidly over Sherlock’s side.
The passion and conviction with which Sherlock attacked his mouth swept John up and the older man gave a whimper at the feeling of teeth against his lower lip.  His hands rose to tangle in Sherlock’s tumultuous curls, making Sherlock breathe out a desperate noise against his mouth. They were uncoordinated, both trembling with the rise and crash of adrenaline and relief and gratitude, their mouths perfectly out of sync as they kissed, desperate, wanting,
James hit me up with it; it’s fucking
Never-ending.
“Holy shit. Do you think it’s too late for me to try and court you?” John stared at Mary where she stood in the doorway of her bathroom, his eyes doing an exaggerated and entirely necessary sweep of her body; she wore a low-cut, cropped halter top of pristine white with a bold red cross placed strategically on each breast, a
As soon as his patient was out of sight, John allowed his shoulders to sag slightly, his eyes falling closed momentarily, the shift in demeanour betraying his fatigue. While helping people was what he’d longed to do since his primary school years, he’d never quite envisioned himself as a therapy practitioner. In fact, he hadn’t seen himself anywhere but on the battlefield, suited in a bulletproof vest, toting a British Army Browning L9A and a med kit.
God, was it possible for someone’s heart to break through one’s own ribs? “Please,” Sherlock managed, and it was a wonder he was still standing after the smile John flashed him as he reached for a cup on the counter.
“Which reminds me,” the older man continued, looking off to the side, back towards the warehouses, “what happened to the others? The three guys who ran?”
John thought as objectively as possible about a hypothetical scenario where any of his other patients had somehow wound up in his flat in Sherlock’s place. Frustratingly enough, in every other made-up scenario, John saw himself turning his patients away; or, at the very least, phoning the authorities, or someone better equipped to handle people who potentially posed a very real threat to themselves. In none of the posed hypothetical instances did John see himself dressing a patient in his own clothes and burying his fingers in their hair. His fingers twitched around two sets of keys in one pocket as he remembered the phantom sensation of soft, thick curls.
he asked, looking back to Sherlock. “That’s… Unnecessarily cryptic,” he decided with a frown, glancing back to Sherlock, clearly expecting an explanation.
John smiled, the look a little dreamy as he thought of the two of them perusing aisles at the grocery in search of jam and honey and biscuits and PG Tips. It was an almost sickeningly domestic mental image. John basked in it.
John extended his own to accept the gift - which turned out to be a small, brass key. He blinked at it, almost uncomprehending.
It was then that Sherlock began to worry.
Greg rolled his eyes lightly. “He’s a danger to the whole of bloody London,” he murmured, but the comment held an unexpected, strange sort of fondness that warmed John’s heart. The man seemed to understand though, as he nodded and took a few steps towards the door. “Well, I better go try to find him, make sure he gets home safe,” he sighed, and John felt an incredible sense of gratitude for the man – he wasn’t Sherlock’s keeper, but he felt so strongly towards him, it was obvious. He was like an older brother to the kid, and John found himself feeling honoured to have met him. To have met them both, really. Even though it looked like their acquaintanceship would turn out to be devastatingly short.
The titles were seared into the insides of Sherlock’s eyelids from looking at them so much where he’d written them in his notepad, and he ruminated over what leads they might bring to light (that he hadn’t already tracked down and discarded). He sat silently at the window seat in his grand-mère’s salon and looked out the large window at the lavender fields, plants toussled lightly by a playful breeze, puzzling over what evidence he was missing, when a nudge at his arm brought him out of his reverie.
Disclaimer: I'm not intimate with London's anatomy. All of my info is coming from Google Earth and the internet, and I am definitely taking some liberties with it to fulfill my agenda, so don't hate me for my inaccuracies.
John hummed as he bent to put on his other sock.
“What is?” John asked, taking his hand back the moment it was released, and he watched as the other man turned to start ambling away again.
The man gave an almost startled, if clearly amused, laugh. “Ah, yes; the bravery of the
Irene immediately made herself busy by perusing the alcohol selection while Molly excused herself, braving the throng of bodies in the kitchen to fetch the three of them cups. Sherlock, for his part, stood and surveyed the crowd in the main room with a withering expression, and let out a dejected sigh as he turned back to Irene. “I will never forgive you for bringing me here,” he said, but as the other turned to retort, they were both interrupted by Molly’s chipper voice summoning them as she broke through the people lingering in the kitchen doorway to rejoin them; and trailing behind her was a young woman Sherlock didn’t recognise, and a young man he recognised all too well from days spent in the labs on campus, where the windows overlooked the rugby pitch. His mouth snapped shut and Irene looked up at him with a sly grin. “You were saying?” she asked, looping her arm through his, and Sherlock didn’t get to reply before Irene plastered on a smile as Molly approached them.
His smile broadened at the resistance he was met with in the arm around him, and he bit his lip around a manic grin when John gave a whine of discontent at Sherlock’s departure. The detective leaned over John clumsily, half lying on him in the process, to grasp his mobile from where it sat upon the nightstand by the bed even as it went off with another text alert.
“I love you, too.”
Diligently, the detective-doctor duo followed the Detective Inspector through the propped-open door and down the hallway. “He’s back here in his office,” Greg explained as they walked. “Night cleaning crew found him.”
The weary detective paces across the sitting room for what he estimates to be roughly the six-hundredth time this evening, attempting to hush the wailing infant. His efforts are in vain.
The man’s smile was one John would compare to something he’d seen on a shark. “Dr. John Watson,” he greeted smoothly, something in his tone making John’s spine stiffen. “I know the leg has been better for you as of late, but we both know what the cold and the damp does for both your leg and shoulder. Please, take a seat,” he said, and motioned with his umbrella briefly to a chair that was sat a short distance away from John.
to get clean,” John recalled aloud.
Somewhere deep within Sherlock’s subconscious, he registered the scents of dust and cleaning supplies in the darkened room, and he heard the slam of the door behind them as John kicked it shut, but at the forefront of his mind was the feeling of John’s warm breath against his face, of John’s hands grasping at his lapels, at his waist, at John’s voice, soft and breathy with a sense of urgency as it spoke his name… and then, finally, John’s mouth, warm and solid and wet, crushing against his own.
in another month’s time?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, and then shut them as the world spun. He grunted, grimacing in discomfort. "You're not making me uncomfortable. Far from it, actually," he grumbled. “You’re a doctor,” he continued, leaning his head back against the wall again, keeping his eyes closed. “Surely you understand the science and biology behind
“Right you may be,” another voice chimed in, the words filling the large room in a very familiar accent. John looked over to Sherlock, who was looking back at him, and the doctor mouthed;
Hope you enjoyed this chapter!
Breath caught in his throat, Sherlock didn’t hesitate in putting an arm over John’s shoulder the moment he was stood upright again, fingers moving to tangle themselves in the golden locks at the nape of his neck. The movement earned a pleased hum from the shorter man, who tightened his grasp on Sherlock’s hips and pulled - more of a suggestion than a demand, which Sherlock followed without question - until their fronts were pressed nearly flush against each other.
John stood and looked in the mirror nearly half an hour later, tentative fingers brushing the edge of what was supposed to be his skin on his neck. He had to admit, while he’d been skeptical, it
The doctor gave a light-tipped smile. “Thank you. Sorry for the trouble,” he apologised, and Greg shook his head.
Outside, the air was crisp, and John hadn’t realised that the scents of gunpowder and blood had been overwhelming him until he got a breath of fresh air. He sighed heavily and smiled, drunk on adrenaline and the fresh air and
- he glanced at the man who had since dropped his arm, and grinned. “C’m’ere,” he beckoned, halting when they got past the initial swarm of police cruisers, partway to the ambulance. Sherlock stopped obediently and faced him, brows quirked in entreaty. Smiling, John reached up to grab the dark blue scarf wrapped around Sherlock’s neck and pulled it away, noticing Sherlock shiver as the long column of his neck was exposed to the night air. “You’re covered in my blood,” John murmured bemusedly, bringing the soft fabric up to swipe gently at a spot of red on Sherlock’s cheek.
for your average everyday chemical experimentation. An overly-full ashtray sat in the middle of the table, with an opened and partial pack of Lambert and Butler cigarettes sitting primly on its end next to it, along with a lighter.
about harming Sherlock. But while his frenzied mind was racing with his impulses, his soldier's body took over, moving on muscle memory, and John, strangely comforted by the action of raising his gun to point through the busted-out window of the construction machine he was half-crouched behind, let his mind go eerily blank. A disturbingly quiet sense of calm overwhelmed him despite the horrifying situation as his thumb methodically switched off the safety and moved to pull back the hammer.
have ended up.” John didn’t explain further, and he didn’t need to. Sherlock just sucked his lips between his teeth and gave a slight nod. “All I know is that you probably ended up in the best place possible. Here you’ve got an experienced doctor, and you’ve avoided legal trouble,” the man quipped lightly with a gentle grin.
And he meant it. God,
Sherlock took a breath, snapped off his gloves, and stood up. “Victim is clearly in his late forties, asthmatic, diabetic, morbidly obese. Former member of the gang that has been keeping you lot at the Yard busy for the last month. Scared for his life, he hired help to keep himself safe from vengeful gang members under the guise of keeping his shop protected. He packed a bag, intending to travel for a few weeks-” he looked towards the window where the bag had been sat earlier that day “-and was in the process of leaving… He was leaving tonight. But he ended up getting himself killed in the process by the very two Russian men he’d hired for his own safety,” he said, trailing off a bit near the end as he continued looking around the room.
Sherlock shook his head. “It’s fine. I just don’t have much of a taste for alcohol,” he said, and took another mouthful, doing his best not to grimace.
Sherlock seemed to come to the same conclusion, as he suddenly tilted his head and said in a voice that was disturbingly casual; “you didn’t make it home last night.”
in that café are they going to have use for a rope that thick. There is absolutely
I am a
Sherlock scoffed and rolled his eyes, foot bouncing where it hung aloft in the air, crossed over his other knee. He shot a withering glare towards the silver-lined mirror on the wall which Irene stood in front of, finishing a flawless wing on her left eye with the black liquid eyeliner brush held expertly in one steady hand.
“Uh, yeah, I guess,” the older man said, something of an Estuary accent coming through his mumbled words as he raised his own right hand to clasp John’s in a firm shake. “Well, I mean, I’m here for this one,” he said, tossing his head lightly in the direction of the young, curly-haired bloke, who scoffed and rolled his eyes dramatically in response.
“Vacant,” he whispered, and John nodded, watching as the detective made a bee-line for the door which stood a few metres away. Predictably, when the brunette tried the doorknob, he was met with resistance. John expected the slight frown that adorned the man’s face, but he was caught off-guard when Sherlock dropped elegantly to his knees in front of the door, one hand producing something wrapped in dark fabric seemingly out of thin air.
“Alright,” he said with a sigh, hands falling to his sides as he looked across the room at where Sherlock was still hunched over his computer. “I’ll get going, then.”
“John,” Sherlock sighed with an eye-roll John didn’t have to see to know it had happened, “do we have to have the talk about professionalism again? Just like with the texting; this is
(See the end of the chapter for
“If it weren’t for your work,” John began after he felt the silence had stretched on long enough, “would you have a reason to get clean?”
“You and Irene. You’re both vampires. Any story behind it? Did one of you turn the other?” he asked, his smile growing, and Sherlock pondered.
“You know,” he began, “any other day, I’d love to be absconded with. But I’ve got cold groceries that need to be put in my fridge,” he said, pointing a thumb over his shoulder back towards the car with a look of feigned apology on his face. “So whatever this is, let’s make it quick, shall we?”
He closes his eyes as he pats Rosie’s back, repeating “it’s okay” in the same soft timbre he’s been using all night.
to do. It wasn’t staunching blood-flow from a shrapnel wound on a sandy battlefield, but it was something to keep him busy and potentially do some good in the process.
John opened his mouth to protest, but Sherlock shut him down swiftly.
“I don’t know why I’m surprised,” he murmured. “S’pose we’re not just going to
A beat of silence passed before the other man smiled. “Information.” John’s frown deepened. “Nothing indiscreet,” the man continued, and John didn’t even have time to wonder just
The doctor blinked at the reflection of the closed stall door before he remembered that he was washing his hands, and hastily rinsed and dried them before collecting his watch and making his way back to his office. When he returned, the man with the greying hair was notably absent, but the young woman at the desk suddenly looked about as tired as John felt.
“I said,” John began again, and Sherlock didn’t dare open his eyes for fear the sight of the fond smile he could assuredly hear in the older man’s words would send him into a swoon, “you’re
“Social lubricant,” Sherlock responded. “I’ve been told I’m far better to get to know when even slightly intoxicated.”
“Oops! Sorry, lads,” a man with another bloke nearly draped over his shoulder said with a polite smile, “just looking for a bathroom. Carry on,” he said, and shut the door without another word, leaving John and Sherlock alone, panting, and dazed.
“Listen,” John said, changing the tone of his voice slightly in an attempt to allay the confrontational mood that charged the air in the room, “you’re a smart man. Arguably a genius.” He raised his eyebrows, and Sherlock huffed derisively. John continued. “I don’t know you all that well, but I can tell you’re strong-willed. You’re stronger than your addiction, Sherlock. Honestly, you are.” His lips curled into a gentle, almost fond smile. “And my job is to help you realise that.”
Five minutes later, John was patting his face, freshly-washed and freshly-shaved, dry. He’d stripped off his jeans and stood at the sink in his boxers, his toothbrush replaced in its designated cup after he’d brushed his teeth, and all bloody remnants of the evening had been washed down the drain. John stood, leaning over the sink, a tentative finger gingerly prodding at the tender skin around the bridge of his nose as Sherlock turned off the shower tap and opened the curtain.
“Maybe he just likes exotic cigarettes,” Lestrade supplied with a shrug.
“... The five minutes were up,” he said quietly, still sounding a bit dazed. “Um… I’m sorry. He just… left,” he tried explaining, but it sounded pathetic even to his own ears.
It's been a while. Have some fluff and soul-searching.
“Well,” Sherlock began, “I’m here because Lestrade has taken it upon himself to play Mummy, and is holding my current status as New Scotland Yard’s sniffer dog above my head in a feeble attempt to scare me into sobriety.” His tone was bored, but John noticed a minute change in the young man’s posture. A slight ripple of tenseness turned the once-casual posture into something acutely more rigid at the seemingly nonchalant, offhand mention of drugs.
John laughed softly as she strode to the mirror once more to place it delicately atop her head; they had been friends for ages, meeting in secondary and hitting it off straight away. Sixth-form was when they’d decided to try for a relationship, but by the time they’d moved on to university they realised they were better suited as friends. John was fortunate enough to still have her as a friend, because they were a perfect fit in that regard. They’d dated, they’d been intimate, and they were both thankfully able to move past it. He thought of it more as a learning experience rather than a mistake; and Mary, brilliant as she was, thought the same.
John barely had time to turn and watch him enter the room, and looked just in time to see the young man drop inelegantly into one of the chairs, sinking in and making himself right at home. The doctor looked back at Greg, who merely rolled his eyes and turned to the receptionists desk to chat with Rachel, and John decided he’d leave them to it. He had a client to attend to.
Thanks again, and see you all back here on Saturday!
thought it weren’t safe,” one man cajoled in a tinny voice; John could just imagine his sneer. “Told ye we’d manage. Got ‘nother four grand ‘n this haul – at least!”
“You left me to pay for the bloody cab, and now you’re asking for a tenner? I didn’t realise my sole purpose on this excursion was to cover your arbitrary expenditures,” the man argued, even as he pulled out his wallet and rifled through the small number of bills tucked away inside. He extracted a ten pound note and held it out in Sherlock’s direction, which the detective took and pocketed quickly. “Mind telling me what the fuck that’s for?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Upon seeing the youthful, rounded faces beaming happily at him, John laughed, the sound soft, adoring, and surprised; the photograph depicted a very young Sherlock, his familiar curls a slightly lighter shade of brown that seemed to glow almost amber in the sunlight in the photo, standing shoulder-to-shoulder (or rather, shoulder-to-bicep) alongside a ginger-haired youth, who John could only assume was Mycroft. It was a captured moment of rare happiness that John never would have guessed existed, given the rivalry that so clearly, so effortlessly seemed to drive a stake through the heart of the relationship of the two brothers. John wondered somberly what happened to turn these two young, smiling children with windswept hair and sun-kissed cheeks into enemies. But then again, he and Harry were the same way, thick as thieves once upon a time; nowadays she was almost as familiar as just another stranger passing him by on the street.
“I’m amenable,” Sherlock rejoined, his voice echoing off of the tiled walls inside the shower. “Better hurry, though, unless you want me to use up all of the hot water.”
A glance at his watch told John he’d been at Sherlock’s flat for only about ten minutes. He felt comfortable leaving Sherlock at his flat alone for probably another fifteen. The man had been shaking subtly before John left, and he knew as well as anyone how unpredictable withdrawal symptoms could be. So he patted down his pockets to be sure he had both his and Sherlock’s sets of keys before seeing himself out, shutting the lights off on his way, and locking the door behind him.
It wasn’t. If anything, it was enchanting.
,” Sherlock said, jerking away, looking properly scandalised, “that is
John gave a quick nod. “Right. Well. I’m glad.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John was still stunned, but his attention was drawn back to Sherlock because, after Greg was down the stairs and out the front door, Sherlock actually
“Show me.” The taller man sauntered closer, hanging his umbrella over his arm in a practised motion as he reached out, and John, stifling a groan and resorting to just rolling his eyes, held out his left hand. The fingers that gently roamed over his skin, just barely touching him, were icy cold. “Remarkable,” the man said after a moment, sounding truly astounded.
be together? Have you
Truly unremarkable on the outside; stuffy, unflattering jumpers that left everything to the imagination; a walking palette of bland and beige tones, with his oatmeal-coloured jumpers and his worn blue-jeans and his tanned skin and sandy-blond hair; he took his Earl Grey black and his coffee blacker; his smile was practised and easy, charming without effort and without fail; his after-work routine likely consisted of taking a trip to Tesco to grab jam and biscuits (his favourite being Digestives) - he was, for all whose eyes should fall upon him, an unassuming, ordinary, average man.
Looking a touch sour for being pulled away from his tea for a second time that day - because apparently John Watson
(See the end of the chapter for
“What do we have here?” the man asked, reaching down to fist one meaty hand in Sherlock’s curls to haul the young man to his feet, and John’s teeth clenched with fury, his hand tightening around his gun as Sherlock audibly winced, hand scrambling to cover the large one that hauled him up. “This is the little brat who was working with our dear Sutton,” Matvei announced to the rest of the men – John counted four others, including Pavel, who stood by the pallets. “Are you alone?” Matvei asked of Sherlock, and the detective huffed.
He blinked at her, oddly phased by the threat. “I’ve never begged for mercy in my life.”
After feigning contemplation for a few moments, Sherlock heaved a sigh to let Irene know just how Herculian of a task this was. “Very well. I find the terms
The way Sherlock made him feel - like there was something to live for - wasn’t the only thing that brought John dangerously close to crossing professional boundaries; the man himself was blindingly brilliant. Endlessly charming. Unpredictable, filled with a sass and wit John had never had the pleasure of encountering in another human being, and by
The man ignored him. “Do you plan to continue your association with Sherlock?”
Sherlock hasn’t the faintest idea of
“Looks like he’s here,” the blond supplied as Sherlock opened up the text.
Sherlock’s head whirled up to look at him so quickly, John had half a mind to be worried about the possibility of the young man getting vertigo. The look in his eyes certainly appeared dizzy, dazed, and confused as it was. “Sorry?” he asked, sounding nearly incredulous, his brow heavily furrowed.
The open floor plan of the small studio perfectly represented him - he was a simple man who took comfort in a certain minimalist, orderly way of living. And while he was single, a one-room living situation such as this suited his bachelor lifestyle just fine.
“Don’t worry about it. You two, go and see the paramedics. I’ll drop by for both of your statements tomorrow - you both look dead on your feet. Besides, I’m sure there’s plenty you’d
“I’m fine,” he assured, even as John’s hand bridged the gap between them to push the brunette’s inky curls off of his forehead, and replace them with his fingers, which were blissfully cool against what felt to Sherlock like blistering skin above his brow. Despite himself, he let out a sound dangerously close to a whimper at the touch, and, consequently, nearly spilled his water. The subtle taste of copper filled his mouth as his adrenaline spiked, and he could feel his own heartbeat tapping out a frantic, staccato rhythm against the inside of his ribcage. His mind raced as he attempted to identify the various callouses on John’s fingers against his forehead, and he imagined he could just make out the intricate, labyrinthine patterns of the individual ridges that made up his fingerprints. The intimacy of the thought sent his head spinning in a whole different way; and so lost he’d become in his musings, he missed the words which passed in a murmur from between John’s lips.
“What’s that?” John asked softly as he shifted closer to peer over Sherlock’s shoulder, catching sight of the glint of clean metal in what little light there was.
“And how does the bag being in the car prove it’s suicide?” John inquired.
That earned a dubious noise from the blond as the pair fell into stride together and quickly crossed the distance to the park - and then kept going.
Letting out an even, steady breath, Sherlock took a few moments to think, and John waited patiently, watching the younger man roll his wrists in a nervous sort of gesture. Finally, he opened his mouth to speak.
John wondered just how much longer it was going to rain; the deluge had returned full-force, making it difficult for John to even see the bloody street, let alone the cabs that were inching their way through the storm. Nevertheless, he struggled his way to the kerb and, holding both grocery bags in one hand, raised his other hand, duffle bag perched precariously on his shoulder, to flag down a cab.
“What time is it?” She asked, and John looked at her reflection in the mirror as she put down the iron and grabbed a tube whose colour matched the ruby red of her fingernails. The cap came off and the chiseled tip of the lipstick was pressed to her pouted lips.
It was John who began laughing first; it started as a shake of his shoulders accompanied by a breathy chuckle, but it soon devolved into a high-pitched, adrenaline-fueled giggle. It wasn’t long before Sherlock’s deep, baritone joined in, his laugh watery with the alcohol and endorphins flooding his system.
“Hey,” Molly greeted, “I ran into some friends; I’d like for you both to meet Mary and John,” she said, looking to her left where the two blonds stood, smiling pleasantly. “John, Mary,” she continued, “this is Irene and Sherlock.”
“He’ll see you out there,”
This chapter was necessary to address the budding chemistry between our boys. ACTION will be coming up very, VERY soon, so stay tuned for the next chapter.
“Tell him to bugger off.”
minutes,” he urged as he turned, shook his head, and made his way out the door, at the same time as John hesitantly approached Sherlock and crouched across from him, on the other side of the body.
them to cross a bloody
there’s someone else in here! Fucking find him and
Greg’s entire body sagged with exasperation and his annoyance was tangible in his voice when he spoke. “Sherlock,” he groaned, sounding exhausted as he turned to look pleadingly at the younger man. “Please. I made you a deal; if you do this, I won’t go telling your brother.”
Having tied his shoes, John put his hands on his knees and pushed himself up before heading to the door to grab his jacket and pull it on. He patted his pockets, feeling for his mobile and wallet, before he stooped to pick up his messenger bag from where he’d put it when he first arrived at the flat the day before.
“Bloody buggering
, jaune
In response, Sherlock’s eyes darted to the side, and he shrugged mildly as one hand rose from his lap to gesture vaguely at the space around them. “For everything. Your help. And your hospitality.” He swallowed, not daring to look back at his host. “I realise that my being here is highly inappropriate, and likely a significant inconvenience to you; you have work, and a life outside of it.”
(EDIT: I didn't like the way this chapter turned out after reading it back for the millionth time, so this is a repost - basically the same as what I posted this morning with some small details changed, mostly for flow and continuity. It's better than the original posting, trust me.)
It’s half eleven, John isn’t home, and Rosie is a thrashing, red-faced, tear-stained mess in Sherlock’s arms.
Once the door was shut, Sherlock divested himself of his borrowed clothes and set them by the sink before turning on the shower tap. He made quick work of showering, pointedly
, when they’re high. And they’re not. Sure, something can be said for the confidence boost you might get, but it doesn’t really change anything about you; and it
His phone chimed a little after eight in the evening with a text from Sherlock, providing an address John knew to be a couple short blocks away from the café, and a time: 22:30. That, John supposed, would give whoever was closing for the night plenty of time to finish their duties and go home, and give Mr. Blessington ample time to take his leave as he said he would.
for protection.”
By the time he caught up to both Sherlock and Greg, the detective was standing at the boot of a car parked in the small lot beside the building while Lestrade was instructing another officer to jemmy the lock on the driver’s side so they could open the boot.
clothes tucked away in his armoire, which stood out from the wall near the foot of the bed. He pulled open the closet doors to find a neat row of sleek blazers ranging in colour from black, to navy, to varying shades of grey. Beside them were hung several primly-pressed dress shirts, in an array of colours, and John didn’t have to look at the tag in the back of the crisp collars to know that they were designer, and likely cost more than his rent. A row of trousers to match the blazers came after that, and while John could guess at just how fond Sherlock was of his custom-tailored suits, he figured the man wouldn’t fancy them for lounging in.
“I’m coming down,” Sherlock explained pointedly, jaw set and eyes hard with the unshakable determination of someone chasing a high, desperate for the next fix.
As an afterthought, John jammed his hand into his pocket to make sure his own phone was silenced. Didn’t need the same thing happening to him.
Sherlock, his patient. His patient who was taking up temporary residence in his home.
John’s world went quiet, his focus narrowing to his index finger wrapping around the cool metal of his trigger. He let out a slow breath, watching and waiting until Matvei’s forefinger gave the barest twitch against the trigger before John pulled back on his own.
Yellow crime-scene tape was stretched across the length of the road, with police cruisers with lights on parked on either side of it. There was another length of yellow tape stretched across the road a ways further down, blocking off the area, which John noticed was, of course, surrounding the café he and Sherlock had visited earlier in the day.
“That’s the work of Dr. Morstan,” John admitted with a laugh, stepping to the side to let Mary step up next to him, and Greg’s eyes snapped to her.
Butterflies fluttered in his chest and in his gut.
The final verse of the song ended abruptly, leaving Sherlock and John still pressed to each other, breathing labouredly - but not from exertion. Sherlock searched John’s eyes in a silent question; one that the blond seemed to understand, because he nodded, and when Sherlock nodded back, John pulled hastily away and grabbed Sherlock by the wrist, pulling him back through the crowd.
Something I've learned over the course of writing this fic:
“You are twenty-eight years of age.”
“Rash on his upper arms,” Sherlock said, pointing back to the body, and John did him a favour of lifting up the arm of the tee shirt to expose an angry red rash going up to the man’s shoulders. “Exertion-induced asthma, not to mention the inhaler in his desk drawer.” He strode over to dig in the rubbish bin by the desk, and he pulled out a syringe. “Diabetic; disposable syringes that he snaps the needles off of - a drug-addict using
Sherlock didn’t have the energy to protest as he was led carefully out of the small room and tugged down the hall. He only realised when he was pushed down into a plastic chair and told to “wait right here” how laboured his breathing had become. His chest rose and fell with the effort of each breath he took. The detective swallowed thickly as his mouth grew damp with the threat of impending sickness, and he closed his eyes against the world to focus his energy on steadying his breathing and settling his roiling stomach.
feeling well. He just needs some water. I’ll take care of him.”
John just rolled his eyes. “Quite right,” he murmured, and sat back in his chair with a sigh. “Well, as far as advice goes for kicking your cocaine habit, if you’re looking for advice, first, I would recommend you to a therapist who is actually
affiliated with him outside of your practise.”
“Oh, she did.” Sherlock smiles. “She takes after you. Except nothing that placates you works with her when she’s angry. Except French.”
Sherlock hums. John continues.
Sherlock sat in content and concentrated silence at the small table in the kitchen; his elbows rested on the wooden surface and his hands were clasped in front of his chin, the knuckle of one index finger running over his own lips in an anxious, repetitive motion.
“The issue is,” John interjected, “that I-" he paused a moment, and wet his lips. "I have a good feeling of what’s going on. But I need for you to actually say it.”
I won't spoil anything, but we'll run into much more EXCITING stuff starting next Saturday. Stay tuned for the next update!
“That was… amazing,” John said again, sounding breathless himself. A grin stretched his lips. “Absolutely astounding,” he reiterated, smiling at Sherlock like he was a
Sherlock sighed and rocked back on his heels impatiently; he was just stopping by for a hit and a bit for the road, and then he was going to chase what he felt were the beginnings of a lead over by Westminster. He was already planning out routes in his head and figuring where he could get a cab at this hour when Victor came sauntering back across the room with a smug smile on his face and a syringe in his hand.
“And you’re not curious?” John asked, a touch worried. “That’s… unlike you.”
“And what do they normally say?” John asked, looking at Sherlock with expectancy.
What the kiss lacked in classic Hollywood panache, it more than made up for in other respects; where the colourful bursts of fireworks lighting the early evening sky were notably absent, the feeling of Sherlock’s large hands pressed to his chest was solid and grounding; the soft sound of Sherlock’s surprised intake of breath when their lips met replaced the classic orchestral soundtrack; and while there was no fantastical verbal declaration of long-harboured love, the awe-struck look in Sherlock’s stormy, ocean-grey eyes was unscripted and genuine and
“Just that. We’ll board up with Warren and be off.” Another grunt. “Can’t wait to have food with actual
Silently, he relented, and gave a sigh as he started towards the car, listening to the woman on her phone tailing after him in her heels. Once they were both in the car, the vehicle pulled back out of the warehouse and turned around to head back, presumably, into the city.
Clearly unconvinced, John reached out without hesitation to push Sherlock’s dark fringe aside and place the back of his fingers against the detective’s forehead. In response, Sherlock’s eyes slipped shut and he pushed unthinkingly into the contact, a soft sound emanating unwittingly from the back of his throat in reaction to the soothing coolness of John’s fingers, still slightly damp from doing the washing, against his own warmed skin. The contact solidified when John’s hand flipped over to press his palm against Sherlock’s forehead, and the young detective let out a slow sigh.
Several long minutes later and John saw lights up ahead through the thick curtain of rain, and suddenly, the sounds of the rain hitting the car were stopped. Which meant they were under shelter.
“In his mind, certainly.” The man took an audible breath. “In fact, if you were to ask him, he’d likely call me his
, dated 2011. John smiled; this man was absolutely incredible.
I’m not letting you invite your druggie friends along on this-”
the echo of a deep baritone rang through his head.
The face Sherlock made gave the impression that he didn’t necessarily agree. “I wish to continue my work with New Scotland Yard. Lestrade is being annoyingly pompous and dogmatic with his preaching sobriety, and is threatening to cut me off. I don’t want to get clean. But drugs are interfering with my work. And my work is paramount.”
“Yes,” Sherlock replied, sounding almost distracted as his eyes were fixed on something behind John and off to the side. John didn’t bother to look. A few moments of silence passed before the doctor spoke again.
John cleared his throat loudly and schooled his expression as they approached the group of men and women, some donning blue suits, some talking, some taking or reading notes in notepads. One man in particular looked up as they approached, and John recognised his face before he recognised his voice.
“We’re back here.”
“We’ll get the powder burns out of your fingers - I don’t suppose you’d go to jail for this, but it’d be nice to avoid the court case,” Sherlock said, a bit quieter. “Mycroft will help with that, though.”
Onto the chapter! Thanks for reading!
“What?” he asked with a frown.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, his posture going lax again as if he found John’s conversation unbearably tedious. Which was most likely the case, John thought, after having spoken to the man for a short while. “Astute observation, Doctor,” he drawled, looking directly back at John again. “Shall I detail for you the sort of
he’d been looking forward to spending a night in a dingy alley, looking out for petty thieves with a man who was quite possibly mad.
“Oh! I- yes,” Molly nodded, and looked around at the small group. “Alright, we’ll be back,” she announced as she began heading towards the staircase, Irene dropping Sherlock’s arm and following, and Mary stepped away as well.
Four times. Four bullets.
“Fine,” he said, and sat down on the bed to occupy himself putting on his trainers.
“John, you’ve a walk-in.”
“Sherlock,” he called, his smile audible in his voice, and it occurred to him that anyone nearby would assume he was greeting a good friend, either because of a chance run-in or because they’d planned to meet to grab coffee; not to go stake out a cafe a few blocks away in the event of a break-in. The thought only made his smile broaden.
“You’re bloody brilliant. Have I told you that?” John asked with a slight chuckle as he came up to stand next to Sherlock.
“Best not keep him waiting,” she deflected, and fell silent, and John huffed an aggravated breath
Both John and Kent whipped their heads around to look at Harlow, who was standing at the door which he’d pushed open, eyes wide as he looked outside. John could faintly see red and blue lights shining on his face, and on the wall of the next warehouse outside the door, and heard the wail of distant, but swiftly approaching sirens.
know why John Watson’s room in his Mind Palace was as warm as a cable-knit jumper and as welcoming as a hot cuppa and as bright as an ex-army doctor’s charming smile. He
“The door was unlocked,” he said, and Greg just rolled his eyes.
“The car! It’s in the car!” Sherlock called from where he was already rounding the building.
John was
Sherlock hums, and it turns into a pleased sigh when John relaxes in his arms, nestling his head more solidly under Sherlock’s chin, his nose pressed to Sherlock’s sternum. He feels John’s eyelashes flutter against the base of his neck.
“15-M,” Sherlock corrected. “It was a location and a time.”
"I never said that," the detective countered.
When he opened his eyes again, he found John looking at him as though he’d grown a second set of arms. The man was thoroughly discombobulated and thrown off-course by the directness with which Sherlock had addressed the situation and identified his own symptoms. This was probably getting a little too laborious, Sherlock thought, but they were too far into it now to back out of the conversation.
John wondered, with mild suspicion, who that might be referring to. Then he recalled his first meeting with Sherlock; the young man griped and groused concerning the incompetence of the police force, after John referenced specifically the then-recent serial killings that had disquieted London. The way Sherlock had spoken had John believing that he’d lent a helping hand or two in that case.
to their laughter as they giggled like schoolchildren giddy with excitement over a shared secret…
John took a fortifying breath. “In Afghanistan, after I was shot… I don’t remember much, but apparently I dug the bullet out of my own shoulder,” he said, and watched Sherlock’s eyes widen a fraction. “After that, I drifted in and out of consciousness through the rescue and the airlift home, and the next few weeks of my life were, essentially, an arduous, drawn-out, miserable fever dream.” The tight smile that adorned the doctor’s features held no mirth. “It got infected. Horribly so. Nearly did me in; it was touch-and-go for a while…” His words trailed off and he shook his head before letting out a heavy sigh. “Anyway, when I was finally out of hospital, I was given morphine to help with the pain. And, well, I wasn’t in the best place, so… yeah. I abused prescription painkillers, got higher dosages that I didn’t need, spent my days blissfully drugged up and then drank myself into oblivion at night to try and avoid the nightmares.” The retellings of his own troubles spilled forth with little effort, as the ex-soldier had come to terms with his dismal reality long ago; but Sherlock, unexpectedly, seemed rather stunned.
Sherlock’s brow furrowed, though his eyes surveyed his curls self-consciously in the mirror while Irene wasn’t looking. He ignored her taunt and stood from the armchair he’d been seated in, hands moving to button his fitted, black blazer as he strode to stand beside Irene before the mirror. He stood a whole head taller than her, which was something of a feat considering her height; she was tall, but petite, and the absurdly sheer, emerald nightgown she unabashedly wore proved it. “What are you even
“You tell me.”
The spiel ended so abruptly that John nearly got whiplash. His eyes were wide and unblinking, his lips were parted in shock, and his body had tipped slightly forward, as if he were somehow drawn toward the verbal slaughter he’d just undergone. After a heavily pregnant pause, John blinked a few times, rapidly, and closed his mouth. He swallowed, and then found himself speaking before he’d given his mouth permission to move. “How did you know I have a therapist?” he asked softly, his voice bordering on breathy.
“What-” Sherlock shook his head, but felt nauseous and decided he should not be shaking his head. “Yeah, yes, fine,” he said, and pushed himself off of the wall, and valiantly tried not to stumble. Victor looked giddy. “Whatever. Just- give me some coke for the road. I’ve got to go.”
The pair looked at each other in silence for a beat, and the taller man’s smile was colder than the chill that had settled into John’s bones from his rain-wet clothes, and the whisper that followed was almost too quiet to be heard over the steady patter of the rain on the metal roof.
When John didn’t respond straight away, Sherlock averted his gaze, the skin on his cheeks going pink.
when Sherlock stumbled over his trembling legs and threw his full weight into John, which, thankfully, wasn’t nearly as much to bear as Pavel’s weight had been. All thoughts of Pavel and the gang and the warehouse and the police faded into the background as Sherlock’s large hands moved to frame John’s face, the young detective’s eyes looking frantic as they darted between the doctor’s, and John felt Sherlock’s breaths breaking on his face in short puffs before, all at once, Sherlock was kissing him.
“Well you know what
more adept than
“Ta very much, Sir,” the child chirped gratefully, and Sherlock nodded as he stepped away.
What? John frowned at the television screen, which had shifted to a video feed of construction workers on the side of the road, traffic crawling sluggishly by, while the voice of the news anchor carried on suggesting alternate traffic routes for drivers and advising people leave for work early in the days to come. There hadn’t been a single mention of Sherlock. Though, John thought to himself, the television coverage was never terribly detailed, and perhaps Sherlock’s role was simply confirming the cause of death; which he had asked John about. That was something any trained forensic pathologist doing an autopsy could have identified once the body was transported to a morgue, anyhow. Still, John was sure that everyone who had a role in the solving of the crime, no matter how small their contribution may have been, received some form of credit. Maybe it was on the website.
“So you didn’t like the way it slowed you down?” John asked after a few beats of silence.
rooms in his Mind Palace; his childhood bedroom was one of them, the music room in his grand-mère’s estate in Provence, France was another, with an en-suite with a view of the lavender fields. Other rooms were made up; perhaps modeled after existing places, but none of them had a perfect likeness to a place of Sherlock’s past, as he didn’t oft appreciate being reminded of his past in most instances.
“A tenner. Have you got one?” They rounded a corner and headed in the direction of the walkway running along the Thames, as John huffed indignantly and fisted his pocket.
“Well, fuck,” John said, thoroughly put-out. “Looks like we missed it.” His spirit deflated as he watched people in uniforms bustling about down the street behind the tape. The tall buildings surrounding the area combined with the dead of the night meant that John could almost hear clearly the orders being barked by whoever was in charge, and he could feel his mood starting to sour. He knew he’d been excited for this, but he hadn’t been aware of just how
Thanks for clicking your way here, read, and enjoy!
Sherlock doesn’t know how she’s been able to keep this up for so long. He’s exhausted just from having listened to her for the past two-and-a-half hours. The last time he’d cried even half as hard as this had been in his flat after his and John’s physical altercation in that morgue when he’d been high out of his mind and beaten to a (quite literally) bloody pulp. And after that, his diaphragm and the muscles in his abdomen had been sore for at least a day afterwards; and it hadn’t been from the beating. How do children withstand their own tantrums?
“Alright,” John conceded, “so why
As they approached the house and walked through the small army of people standing outside in costumes with cigarettes in their hands, John braced himself before leading the way inside the house.
Well, here we are. The zenith. The resolution. The final chapter.
It wasn’t until a set of familiar voiced registered in his ears that Sherlock bothered to look away from the surname spanning John’s upper back at all, and when he did, he was met with a kind smile from Molly, and a knowing one from both Mary and Irene.
“I’ll have them both dry-cleaned,” he said. “I know someone who isn’t squeamish about blood.” The taller man gave a wry smile at the startled expression John aimed at him.
It hadn’t expressly been
as a scream tears from her throat.
the voice with the Irish lilt continued as both of John’s hands came to settle on the subtle dip just above Sherlock’s hips, and the brunette opted to take the advice of the song and follow John’s lead.
“L’était une p’tit’ poule brune, qu’allait pondre dans la lune,” he sings softly, swaying back and forth in time where he stands, Rosie now completely calm in his arms despite the occasional sniffle as her breath struggles to even out. “Pondait une p’tit’ coco, que l’enfant mangeait tout chaud.” The room falls silent with the end of the song, and Rosie’s tired eyes squint after a long moment, making a pitiful noise when she reaslises that Sherlock isn’t going to continue.
Frowning, John scrolled to the top of the page once more to scan through the article again, searching for any offhand mention of a private detective, anything he might have missed, and his search paid off when he happened upon a reference that seemed rather vague and peculiar.
Also, very quickly; I have revived my Tumblr blog specifically for Sherlock things, and to give myself a chance to converse with you all outside of AO3. Come join me at https://minding-my-own-bismuth.tumblr.com/ for regular update information and lots of obligatorily-reblogged Johnlock-y goodness.
-enemy.”
The secretary quirked an eyebrow. “Are you sure?”
When he opened his eyes with a groan to find the warehouse blurry and sideways, feeling the cold concrete of the floor pressed to his cheek, he immediately sat up, sensing the danger before he saw it. If only he’d been as intuitive a moment ago.
“7D Montague,” John repeated with a nod and a small smile, before standing up, his chair pushing out a short distance behind him. Before he stepped away, however, an urge too strong to deny overcame him and he found his hand moving before he gave it permission, to reach up to Sherlock’s forehead, brushing aside his dark fringe and, just like earlier, pressing the flat of his hand against the younger man’s skin. And again, just as before, he watched Sherlock’s eyes close in something akin to bliss, heard the soft exhale, and felt the man push into the contact. The skin was warm to the touch, but not concerningly so; it was expected that the man would run a bit of a fever, but hopefully he wouldn’t get much warmer than he currently was.
“Milk and sugar,” Sherlock called from the sitting room without John having to ask.
“You don’t need to wear fangs for people to know you’re a bloodsucker,” he murmured as he watched her finish with her second set of lashes and reach for a tube of what he knew to be black lipstick.
John locked his phone and plugged it in to charge, setting it on the bedside table and using the remote to turn the telly off, leaving the room silent.. His fatigue was quickly catching up to him, now that he wasn’t preoccupied with his phone, so he quickly set about getting ready for bed. He made quick work of changing into just a tee shirt and boxers, and crawled under his blankets, turned off the lamp on the bedside table, finally settling in with a hefty sigh.
unnecessary, in Sherlock’s opinion. “I’m a doctor, Sherlock,” the man added, his tone taking on an edge that was a little more serious. “I’m not going to let my patient go out and try to care for himself when neither of us know what’s going to happen. That’s not how I do things. Unfortunately for you, you’ve crossed paths with a doctor who cares a bit too much.”
“Yeah. Well.” Greg’s lips formed a small smile. “You know how none of the victims left notes?”
Abandoning the crushed beer can on the edge of the sidewalk, John raised his hand, which held another beer can, to his lips. He’d made Mary agree to stop by his dorm to grab a few beers for his own pre-game ritual, and was close to finishing his third and final bevvy as they rounded the corner and started down a street lined with houses. It was a decent neighbourhood that was filled with university frat houses, so loud parties were almost never reported as a nuisance. The party they were attending was hosted by someone John wasn’t incredibly familiar with, but one of his best mates, Greg Lestrade, was a newly-initiated member of the fraternity and had therefore extended an invitation to John, and by extension, to Mary.
“And you didn’t think to
Sherlock seemed to search John’s face curiously for a few moments before relenting. “7D Montague,” he said at length, and sat forward a bit from the wall, body gravitating just a touch closer to John’s as he spoke. John kept carefully still. “My laptop is on my desk, plugged in. My mobile charger is by the bed. Don’t mind the mess,” he added, “and my keys were in my coat.”
By half nine, John was so overwhelmed by his own restlessness that, on the way back from his sixth trip to the bathroom where he self-consciously went about primping himself in the mirror, he decided it was best to vacate his flat altogether, lest his hair start falling out due to the sheer number of times he was running his fingers anxiously through it.
“Greg,” John deadpanned.
Greg gave him an incredulous look in the rear-view mirror, his confusion audible in his voice when he spoke. “Sherlock, we have to
“How are you feeling?” the man asked as he came to a stop by Sherlock’s side.
As if that were a valid explanation, Sherlock thought, his frown deepening. “You did invite us. You even sent a
John hummed, before he looked back down to pull on and lace his other trainer. “I’m sure you’ll figure it out,” he said, looking back up with a placating smile.
It was probably a blessing in disguise, the fact that the weather had taken such a dismal turn, because if it weren’t for the torrential downpour, there would likely be more than a few people on the streets. It wasn’t terribly late, only half-nine on a Thursday, but the deluge had scared the less-adventurous and more-sane inside, and the only people out were buried beneath dark umbrellas and bustling past; too distracted to notice Sherlock, who was ambling along at a pace slow enough to manage without stumbling, in awe of how each individual raindrop felt and sounded against his hair, his coat, his skin. Everything, he watched, as it was rewound and fast-forwarded again, and then he watched as everything went strange, turning into geometric shapes of different diluted colours, washed dull by the rainwater. His breathing was rapid, and his heartbeat out-pounded the sound of the rain, and the lights from street lamps and shops that struggled to shine through the curtain of water blinded him, and the water dripped down his face and got into his mouth and his nose and he was
I thought Sherlock deserved a chapter from his own point of view.
her?” he asked.
“Yes,” Sherlock confirmed with an enthusiastic nod, eyes devouring the older man’s length. “Absolutely.” The word came out in a dark purr that sent a shiver down John’s spine. He grinned wolfishly.
around John’s chair, his motions impossibly fluid and absurdly seductive.
“Half an hour? And then you’re leaving?” John asked, looking suddenly crestfallen.
This is a bigger and quite plot-driven chapter to make up for the wait. And the next chapter is in the works, so while I'm not going to make any concrete promises for a deadline, I'd say... you can expect it, most likely, within the next week.
have you been?” It’s the first thing Sherlock can think to say, and it leaves his mouth in a raspy whisper, voice rendered gravelly with fatigue.
Once again, John’s face contorted in confusion as he looked at the detective, and he was further confused when he noticed, out of the corner of his eye, that Sally was walking briskly towards them from her place at the police cruiser by the tape. His confused expression was mirrored on Anderson’s face; though after a moment, the other man relaxed.
“What’s on your agenda for today?” he asked conversationally as he pulled his stocking partway up his shin.
As he’d sat up and warily took in his surroundings, pieces of his memory slotted back into place; Victor with a syringe filled with
Sherlock, on the other hand, stopped, and turned around to watch the cruiser turn the corner they’d just come round, and his voice was soft when he spoke.
Sherlock turned to look at John, who still sported a light flush on his face that trailed down his neck to disappear under his jacket, but the doctor was valiantly trying to stave it off and distract himself from it by getting involved in the conversation. When the man gave Sherlock an expectant look, the detective realised belatedly that he’d been staring rather than offering an answer. He took in a sharp breath through his nose. “I think they’re smarter than we give them credit for,” he supplied, turning his gaze back to the front seat of the car, looking blankly at a spot on the front window. “These aren’t just petty criminals. They’re members of a gang whose origins date back to the seventies.”
“John,” Sherlock admonished with a sigh, closing his eyes again.
A familiar face came in through the door, gun drawn, and, after taking in the scene before him, with two men on the ground and two men who put them there on their feet half covered in blood, the DI heaved a hefty sigh and dropped his weapon, motioning for the uniformed officers behind him to do the same. “Get forensics in here,” Greg said over his shoulder, before making his way over to stand before both John and Sherlock, his expression not unlike that of a drained parent.
“You’ll see,” Sherlock promised as they approached the walkway and turned West.
All of a sudden, Sherlock’s vision swam as a wave of nausea crashed unexpectedly over him, a gasp leaving him as one hand shot out to brace himself against the wall as the world seemed to tip on its axis. John’s face, clouded with concern, came into his warped vision, and the man spoke words that Sherlock couldn’t quite make out. A sturdy hand took ahold of his arm, and Sherlock leaned into John’s body as the doctor moved to support him. Some words in Greg’s familiar timbre sounded from his left, and then John spoke.
John swallowed. “What’s wrong with my hand?” he asked, struggling to keep his voice even.
Sherlock just rolled his eyes, and, conveniently enough, his mobile chimed in his pocket. Frowning, he pulled it out, and John had previously thought it wasn’t possible for the man to look any more inconvenienced. He held the phone up to his ear. “What?” he barked, and silently excused himself from the group, continuing to talk on his phone as he meandered back into the fray of police vehicles and police tape that surrounded the building.
“So tonight we just need to take what we picked up from this hit and take it to the river?” one asked, and it was met with a grunt.
Sherlock groaned loudly and flopped onto the bed.
In the days since, he’d been a wreck; high almost constantly as he fought physical and mental exhaustion, strove viciously against the physical need for sustenance, and battled valiantly to dismiss the distracting puzzle of
The door closed behind him and he didn’t bother to lock it. The squeak of his wet shoes against cheap linoleum and then hardwood joined the din of his laboured breathing and his racing heart to negate the deafening silence of the room. The sporadic lighting that had tortured him outside contrasted greatly with the lighting inside the small room; there was a lamp on a small table by the bed in the corner of the room which filled the room with a soft light that enveloped Sherlock in a blanket of warmth. Though the light was still far too many colours and he swore he could
“John,” Sherlock admonished, leaving the door for the moment and taking a step towards John instead. “You’ve been to war. Dealt with a lot of trauma.”
(See the end of the chapter for
And then came John Watson.
Then the moment was broken when Sherlock moved his head and his nose bumped against John’s. The doctor yelped and leaned back, distantly enamoured by how Sherlock’s lips tried desperately to follow his own, but John prevailed, turning his head to the side and breaking the kiss for good, however reluctant he was to do so. “Fuck, my nose,” he said, still wincing, and Sherlock’s hands guided his head to look at him again.
Relative silence settled upon them, until an unexpected voice broke it. “You really think they’re smart enough to pull a stunt like that?”
John let out a slow breath. “Tough stuff to be hooked on,” he said, and leaned back in his chair a bit, watching as Sherlock gave a mild shrug. “How did it start? Do you remember?”
?” John asked, sounding nearly affronted at the assumption that
“Sherlock!” The young man’s head turned and his icy eyes softened minutely as they fell upon a girl with a braid of chestnut hair falling out from under a red hood. The girl smiled beamingly as she bounced up to the pair, wicker basket held in front of her cerulean petticoat. “Irene!”
- to find John’s looking at him. Except they weren’t looking at his eyes; they were looking at his mouth. Reflexively, Sherlock licked his lips, and John’s eyes darted up to meet his. They looked glassy, mildly blood-shot, and
happy; he plays Khachaturian
The first man snorted a hideous laugh. “Get ready to ditch your vodka and swap it for port wine, you fucking Russkies,” he said, and his laugh was joined by a few others as the men milled about, doing what sounded like moving boxes.
He took his time to relieve himself and then stepped to the sink, taking off the watch that decorated his wrist to set face-down on the counter and rolling the sleeves of his cream-coloured jumper up past his elbows before turning on the tap. The doctor had hardly gotten his fingertips beneath the steady stream of water when the door of the restroom opened, and a young man walked in.
The men stood in silence for a brief moment before John’s smile softened, and he leaned in, tilting his head back to kiss the brunette sweetly. He pulled away and savoured the look of bliss on Sherlock’s open face, the man’s eyes remaining closed for a moment longer before they slowly opened. “I’ll see you after work,” John said quietly, giving the man one last smile before beginning to turn towards the door...
Wordlessly, John turned to Lestrade, a silent question in his expression.
“Sorry?” John asked.
John hummed in acknowledgement as he looked in the mirror, tentative fingers reaching up to brush over the dried layers plastered to his neck with a mild grimace on his face. “What are you going as again?”
One of John’s eyebrows lifts, the man clearly, thoroughly amused. “You spoke French to her?”
And while I'm thinking about it; if anyone would like to see a potential epilogue for this little story, let me know in the comments. I could easily whip something up. ;)
, rousse
“What time is it?” The man’s voice was muffled by drowsiness as well as by Sherlock’s bicep.
“He’s better for it. The therapy. I mean, I think. He’s seemed… better. From what I’ve seen. Not like I see him all that often, but… you know. I think whatever you’re doing is working,” he offered with a small, tight smile.
“You can’t rush beauty,” Mary mumbled from where she had her face nearly pressed against the mirror, a dark charcoal pencil held delicately in one hand.
As the doctor watched, Sherlock shifted his weight on the thick plastic lid so his feet were nearest the sides of the bin itself for a bit of added support, before he stood up to nearly his full height, to peek cautiously through the small window partway up the tall wall. Meanwhile, John had once again drawn his gun, and was stood perfectly still in the space between the two warehouses, barely large enough for a car and lit only by the lights of the nearby park and the dim fluorescent bulbs that were on the fronts of the warehouses whose glows spilled partway into the space between them. The sun was almost entirely set, and John knew they wouldn’t get much assistance from the stars and moon, considering the light-pollution of the city. This was as good as it was going to get, unless they used torches.
“I will,” came a soft voice in response, followed by an unexpected, “thank you.”
“Anthea,” John repeated skeptically. “Is that your real name?”
of importance where we’re headed.”
Sherlock the recognition he so clearly deserved. The thought had John suddenly stewing where he sat.
” His yellowed teeth were visible between his cracked lips, parting in what looked like more of a grimace than a smile, and John braced himself.
For some inexplicable reason, John felt heat rush to his cheeks, though he did his best to ignore it. “What, I can’t be glad that my client isn’t putting himself in more physical danger?”
What was, in actuality, mere minutes, felt to the doctor more like hours, before the car alarm outside stopped its high-pitched sonance, and John’s body slowly uncurled from the small bundle he’d worked himself into in the corner of his kitchen. The only sound now was the low hum of the refrigerator, the drone nearly deafening in the eerie silence of the flat. John’s weary, bloodshot gaze fell upon the shattered remains of his precious RAMC mug, translucent umber liquid surrounding the pearly, jagged bits decorating the cheap linoleum floor like an abstract sepia filter, and his adrenaline-addled mind likened the white porcelain to pieces of a skull, the macabre line of thought expanding to compare the brown fluid to blood, after oxygen concentration is reduced outside of the body and plasma is released. Almost.
Two repeats of the song later finds an exhausted Rosamund Watson collapsed against the chest of an equally-exhausted Sherlock Holmes. The man stands in the centre of the sitting room hardly daring to move, but he does dare to let his voice fade to nothing to see how Rosie will react. He lets out a relieved breath when he hears her soft, even breathing. She is asleep, her head resting against the front of his shoulder, her hair tickling the underside of his jaw.
“It’s okay,” John breathed back, and his eyes darted to Sherlock’s mouth, nearly ready to kiss him again, but they were interrupted by the side door of the warehouse being kicked open with incredible force. The men jumped away from each other, startled, as several uniformed officers poured into the room, weapons drawn and pointed at them.
giving police their breakthrough leads. Christ, the more John looked, and the more he read of articles dating back further and further in the website’s archives, the more it appeared this anonymous bloke was practically
“Clothes,” Sherlock tried, the retort a beat too quick, “I don’t have any clothes.”
Nearly twenty minutes and several layers of liquid latex and facial tissues later (John lost count after application number three), Mary leaned back, a light huff accompanying her self-satisfied smile. “Phase one, done.”
“Sister, actually,” John ammended. “I forgot to mention last time. She’s my sister.”
, you can come and find me, I’ll give you your wallet and your cancer, and you can fuck off. Okay? Is that fair?” She peered at him out of the corner of her eyes, waiting.
He had just stumbled across an interesting article regarding a robbery at a blood drive when Sherlock’s feet shifted abruptly, moving backwards as he sat up straight. “There’s been a fourth,” he murmured, almost breathless, and John looked up, a little dazed, from his paper.
“What?” he asked, suddenly self-conscious, and it was then that he realised Sherlock’s eyes were trained on his shoulder. The ex-soldier’s cheeks warmed at the realisation, and he quickly turned away - but that revealed the entry wound in the back of his shoulder, and he inwardly winced. “I’m sorry,” he apologised quickly, and opened his mouth to say more, but he was startled by a slightly-chilled hand coming to rest on his back, directly over his scar. A small gasp left him and he stared, in horror, at the closed bathroom door. “Sherlock,” he breathed, half a warning, half a plea.
The feeling in John’s chest evaporated and was replaced by dread, heavy and lead-like in his gut while his head whirred with the realisation of what had happened, and he watched as Sherlock’s blood drained from his face, eyes widening in absolute terror as the man came to the same conclusion. In an instant, though, John was being shoved roughly back, and before he could question just why the bloody fuck Sherlock was shoving him away, the brunette made an obnoxious amount of noise clambering in the opposite direction as commotion broke out in the main part of the large room.
“But we make such a
“What?” he asked, almost whining, and John huffed a laugh.
Second chapter coming this evening to wrap up this all-important holiday! Thank you so very much for reading! Your feedback as readers is paramount, so please, don't hesitate to let me know what you think. Thanks again, and I'll see you back here soon!
Up until this point, he had been cautious, but accepting; it was a scenario he never thought he would be in, and he was certain John felt the same. He was somewhat comfortable with the knowledge that they were both not expecting to wake up in the presence of one another this morning. It was uncharted territory for them both, and John, bless him, took it in stride, morphing into a proper, if impromptu host for his unexpected guest.
“You go to sleep,” John murmured sleepily back, and Sherlock snorted softly.
“I worry about him,” the man said, a tired look overtaking him. “Constantly.”
The doctor made a point, though, to keep his mobile on hand that day at the office. And the day after that.
John didn’t even acknowledge the biting comment regarding his own therapist. “Brilliant,” he whispered, before he’d even realised he’d moved his lips to speak.
“I should have known better than to allow you to run about like this only, what, three days into your withdrawal," the man said, his face betraying his guilt. Sherlock didn't have the energy to contest the ridiculous notion - he was focusing all of his efforts presently into
“That’s… great,” Sherlock breathes. “That’s great. I’m glad. And I hope it helps her. More for your sake, than hers.”
“I-” Sherlock began, but stopped, and became visibly frustrated. “It helps me.”
Hands tucked in his pockets, the doctor started off down the walkway.
“Mm,” the other hummed as she placed a dollop of beige cream onto a brush with surgical precision, “maybe so, but there’s no hassle to the costume. Short skirt, cropped, low-cut top; and God forbid someone other than you is actually just looking for a nice time tonight.” Her smirk was audible in her voice as she leaned forward to press her brush to John’s neck, and the man flinched lightly where he sat at the chill of the liquid against his skin. “Christ,” Mary chastised, “you’re such a baby. How do you manage rugby in the cold and the rain?”
Sherlock’s words were a whisper that turned into a whirlwind inside John’s chest. He let out a breath, his own smile making his cheeks ache in the most pleasant way. “I’ll see you after work,” he said again, and this time when he turned, he wasn’t stopped by Sherlock, whose soft “bye” followed him out the door.
Especially the sort of toy that made it
“You’re thinking awfully loudly.”
“You too. Have a good night, Doctor,” Greg said with a small wave, before he disappeared around the front of the building.
“Alright. Nice seeing you,” John said out of reflex as he began disrobing.
With a little reluctance, Sherlock’s eyes drifted back to meet with John’s, and there wasn’t nearly as much heat as John expected in those verdigris orbs. John’s smile grew.
“Please,” Sherlock continued to plead, “ple-”
serial suicides and now a
“-Yeah,” Sherlock agreed, not entirely knowing what he was agreeing to, and he cleared his own throat as John looked up at him with a coy grin. “We should… Um.”
John just beamed, cheeks heating, and he bit his bottom lip as he looked between Sherlock’s eyes.
“I thought you were feeling better,” John said.
Sherlock’s lips pursed as he read Lestrade’s reply -
“I’m sorry I woke you,” the brunette said quietly as he got settled, facing John where the doctor laid on his side with his back against the wall.
Thankfully, it seemed that any and all thoughts of future romantic entanglements were destined to be put on the metaphorical back-burner, because as John jogged to catch up with Sherlock’s long strides and caught a glimpse of the side of the man’s face, he found the smile he’d been wearing replaced by a look of set determination. John had a harder time quelling his own smile, but he knew that the tampering down of their emotions was necessary; they were heading into a potentially dangerous situation, and couldn’t afford to be distracted by whatever was growing between them. Their relationship could wait.
tight.”
you through anything. Not legally.” Sherlock tracked the man’s movements across the room behind him from the desk, to the bed, and to the desk again, by the sound of his voice and footfalls. “And by that token-” his footsteps stopped, and Sherlock could tell John had turned and was facing him again “-I can’t force you to stay here.” John was clearly attempting valiantly to hide what resignation he felt in admitting that fact. “If- if you really don’t want to stay here, then you can of course leave. I mean, I really don’t want you on your own right now, but… it’s ultimately your choice.”
“That’s all well and good,” John interrupted, “but why did they kill Blessington? What did he do to piss them off? Did they just get mad at him for leaving?”
be in the room whilst they got high together, mostly because they engaged in more intimate exercises once they were finished,” he explained, eyebrows furrowed, features twisted slightly in mild, but clear distaste. “But also because, if what they were doing was anything like the drugs I had previously experienced, I didn’t want to be around for the display of idiocy that followed.”
He was sitting down on the sofa wrestling his foot into one sock when Sherlock emerged in his blue dressing gown, hair sticking up every which way, still damp, a healthy flush still present in his cheeks. They exchanged a smile before John returned his attention to his socks.
A short while later found John handing a mug of steaming tea to Sherlock before the doctor took his place in what had become his designated armchair. Sherlock was engrossed in his phone, and so John took the newspaper off of the table next to his chair and set it on his lap to peruse the latest news, skimming over the ‘serial suicide’ article briefly before turning the paper over to read about other things.
She screams, and she flails, and she sobs.
Be sure to check the tags periodically for updates as we move along in the story.
Come to think of it, he’d pin Sherlock as a bit of a diva.
“No,” Sherlock said, “I have no interest in seeking assistance from a rehabilitation centre, or from anyone affiliated with such a place.”
“No, it’s alright.” The brunette let out a sigh. “She told me I had to stay here for thirty minutes. Then I can get my things from her and leave.” He wondered why he agreed to the deal in the first place.
It was at that moment that Lestrade, with his infuriatingly impeccable timing, chose to round the corner in a flurry, his chocolate eyes bordering on frantic as he clutched a police radio in his hand close to his face. A series of numbers crackled through the small device in muffled tones. “Copy, on our way,” the DI said, before looking between the two men. “There’s been another robbery. I have to go; Sherlock? Are you well enough to come with?"
“Seven Montague Street,” he told the cab driver, who nodded and pulled away from the kerb the moment John shut the door.
John huffed a small laugh. “Can’t imagine why. You two seem so similar; both with a flair for the dramatic,” he said, looking around at the desolate and deserted warehouse with an amused expression. He turned back to the other man and heaved a sigh. “Look, like I said, I’d love to stay here and chat with you, but really, I’ve got somewhere to be.”
” John breathed, and laughed as he walked Sherlock out of the doors leading from the lobby to the hallway outside. “Dear Lord. What I wouldn’t give to lead a life like yours.”
John hummed a laugh and shook his head as he pushed away from the wall and made his way back over to the sink, turning the tap on and rolling up his sleeves to resume the washing of the dishes. “I’d say my door’s always open, but I’ve taken the liberty of removing the spare from under the mat permanently,” he said, and Sherlock’s smile grew.
At the sound of the front door opening and closing, signifying his secretary's departure, John set to work wrapping up what little paperwork he had left for the day. It would have taken him less than ten minutes, but he managed to stretch it out to nearly half an hour - and maybe part of him was hopeful that if he stayed around the office a while longer, maybe someone would show up. Maybe a very specific someone, at that.
He thought idly that Sherlock would try for a handjob, and he was so busy trying to think of ways he could speed
just because I’m not paying with
At the question, John’s smile softened, growing a touch somber. “I have a little personal experience with addiction.”
He huffed, and looked down, if only to distract himself from Sherlock’s eyes on him. Coming face-to-swollen-face with a cold, lifeless corpse was sobering enough.
At that, Sherlock looked up, cautious surprise written in his features, but the small, disarming smile that met his eyes melted his insecurities. “In what way?” he asked.
“L’était une p’tit’ poule grise, qu’allait pondre dans l’église.” His voice is low, soothing, a gentle rumble in his chest as he begins to sing. “Pondait un p’tit’ coco, que l’enfant mangeait tout chaud.”
Sherlock’s brows knit together as his eyes search John’s. “What happened?”
John hummed into his beer. “Mm. Well, I think I’d like to get to know you sober.”
wanted to hit him.
Sherlock didn’t respond, but instead stood and strode over to one of the windows, pulling the curtain aside and peeking out and down to the street below.
vomiting on John. "Figured it was a good idea to grab these,” the doctor continued, lightly rattling the bottle filled with pills with a small, wry smile, before handing the cup of water to Sherlock. “These will help with the nausea,” he explained, popping the cap off of the bottle and depositing two small tablets into one hand. "Here-” he made to hand them over, but paused when he noticed that Sherlock’s hand, holding the small cup, was shaking so violently that the water was in danger of sloshing over the sides. Pursing his lips, John stood, taking the water back from him. “Here,” he said, stepping closer to stand between Sherlock’s knees, as he raised the hand with the pills to the detective’s lips. “When you feel that you can, open your mouth,” he instructed gently.
in the bustle.
replied, the smile that stretched her lips almost sinister in its amusement.
“No,” the youth grumbled, arms crossing adamantly across his chest.
John bit his lip to keep himself from chatting and lingering in the doorway any longer, and edged the rest of the way out the door, before letting it close with a soft ‘click’ behind him. One final check to be certain the door was locked, and he was off, making his way down the dimly-lit hallway, down the stairs, and out the front door of his building.
Love you all to pieces. <3 Have a great night and a great week.
to the dazzling smile that stretched Sherlock’s lips,
The open-floor plan of the house meant that the kitchen was separated from the large main room by a sort of half-wall that doubled as counter space. Said counter space was covered almost entirely with bottles of different shapes and sizes containing various colours of what could only be alcohol. The kitchen itself was rather filled with people, so Molly, Irene, and Sherlock came to stand at the great room side of the counter. That way they weren’t blinded by the full force of the kitchen’s light, and weren’t deafened by the noise in the kitchen.
, and I really shouldn’t be encouraging potentially-dangerous behaviour.”
“Thanks, Rachel. Send them right in.”
Sherlock leapt off of the concrete slab and swept past him, the tightly-packed gravel crunching under his posh Yves Saint Laurents as he walked, and John quickly met the taller man’s stride as they made their way towards the warehouses. “Second one from the left,” he confirmed with a nod in the direction of the warehouse in question. “We’ll check for the blue ladder before we break in.” The final comment was so offhanded that John nearly missed it. But when the statement registered, John’s eyes widened before he huffed out a breath and shook his head.
Thanks again to everyone. Much love, many thanks, and I'll see you next time. ;)
“No,” he said.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “But there’s something different this time. You wouldn’t come to fetch me if there wasn’t something
It appeared John’s cheeks were simply destined to remain forever rosy.
Sherlock offers a sad smile. “I can sympathise with her. You’re the only doctor I trust.” The words come easily. Sherlock’s too tired to worry about the sentiment that oozes from them.
But the minutes ticked on and the bell over the front door remained drearily unrung, and John finally decided he couldn’t stall any longer lest he risk falling asleep on the tube ride back to his flat. With a heavy sigh, he picked himself up out of his chair, hissing in mild pain as he put a little too much pressure on his leg - Sherlock had been right, he did have a limp, and it was, indeed, psychosomatic, according to his therapists. After leaning on his desk a few moments to regain his bearings, he packed away his papers into their appropriate file folders, placing them neatly in his desk drawers, slid his laptop into its bag, put on his jacket, and shouldered his messenger bag before making his way out and locking up the office behind him.
The corner of Sherlock’s lips quirked upwards in a grin. “Mm. Well, we’ve met properly now.” He couldn’t tell if the heat in his cheeks was from the vodka-heavy cocktail working its way through his system, or if it was from the heat John seemed to fuel in his chest and stomach. More than likely, it was a combination of both factors. Sherlock found he didn’t entirely mind. And it was because he didn’t entirely mind that he turned to the counter and helped himself to another cup of vodka-dominant vodka cranberry, and he caught John out of the corner of his eyes watching him raptly.
“Something like that,” Sherlock said as they rounded a corner onto a less-populated side-street. “You’ve your gun on you, yes?”
“Have you?” John asked. “That’s hardly fair, that you’ve seen me and I haven’t seen you. You should have come and said hello.”
Just fucking
Huge thanks once again (I'm doing a lot of thanking, just bear with me) to everyone whose given this fic a read. Thank you thank you thank you. I hope to see you back for future updates. <3
Sherlock just shrugged. “I wouldn’t mind it. Would you mind it?”
couldn’t,” John nearly hissed back.
“Yes,” she countered, and stepped forward as he stepped back.
She sobs, and sobs, and sobs, and sobs, large crocodile tears streaming down her face and breaking Sherlock’s heart. It is with dismay that Sherlock comes to the gut-churning realisation that he is entirely at a loss for what to do. Why is it that, when he finds himself not knowing what to do, a Watson is
be rather horrified at the fact that his own blood was streaked across Sherlock’s skin, the doctor couldn’t hide his quirky, fond smile.
he felt a hitch in the man's pulse before the hand pulled away, much to Sherlock’s dismay; but it was followed by a voice so small Sherlock would have doubted it came from John at all, were the man not directly next to him.
John nodded in understanding. “Alright. And I assume that’s where the cocaine came in.”
he thinks, anticipating a long night ahead of him, at least until John returns. He tries to push his worry out of his mind as he kicks off his shoes and shifts on the bed to sit with his upper back against the headboard, his legs stretched out on the mattress in front of him. Closing his eyes, he tips his head back, and folds his hands together over his stomach, intending to keep a diligent watch over John’s daughter until the man returns home.
“Yeah, Harlow helped him load the cache this morning. It’s all floating east down the Thames in another boat as we speak,” the first voice said, pride oozing from his words. “They'll hook up with Tate further down and he’ll take it across the English Channel. And we’ll take the same route tonight, meet up with Tate, he’ll ship us over – and then it’s a straight shot from there to the docks where lovely old
“Alright,” Sherlock said, and then, apparently sensing an end to the appointment, rose from his seat. “I best be off,” he explained without prompting. “I’ve an interview to attend in an hour.”
“Mm, fair enough,” John mumbled before leaning back. The skin was already starting to change from angry red to purple, and he wasn’t looking forward to the discomfort that would plague him for the next week or so. Heaving a heavy sigh, he watched Sherlock pick up the toothbrush John had retrieved for him from his flat and run it under a cold tap, before turning towards the door. “I’m going to get into bed,” he announced, and glanced back over his shoulder, hearing Sherlock hum around his toothbrush. “Just… join me whenever you’re done,” he added, and Sherlock caught his reflection in the mirror to smile softly at him. John smiled easily back before exiting the room and making a beeline for the bed.
“No,” the man said, voice pitched a little higher than normal, before he cleared his throat. “I just wasn’t exactly prepared for- for how unfairly, overwhelmingly attractive the sight of you holding a gun would be.”
In a futile attempt to distract himself from his despondency, John took a bit of a scenic route home. It was normal for him to walk from the office to his flat, as it gave him the opportunity to breathe some fresh air, clear his head, self-evaluate, and, on the off-chance he had some extra spending money, grab a few things at the grocery for his fridge, if only to make his flat seem a little less devoid of sustenance.
The look on John’s face when he looked back at him was carefully neutral as he slowly raised his beer to his mouth. “Do you have a boyfriend?”
The terror and paralyzing fear that were audible in Sherlock’s voice were entirely missing from his eyes - which Pavel wouldn’t see, given his position, standing an inch taller than Sherlock, and at his side rather than face to face. John blinked - had he missed something?
His question was met with a withering glare, and John suddenly felt quite silly; but he hadn’t much time to ruminate on it, as Lestrade suddenly brushed past them and headed towards the door which John knew led to the back of the building, and to Blessington’s office.
John was cut off by a sputter as Sherlock nearly choked on his drink, just barely managing to swallow before coughs wracked his body. He set his drink down on the counter before doubling over, a hand on his chest as he clenched his eyes against the burning sensation in his nose. He felt a steadying hand on his back as he gradually regained control of his breathing.
John purses his lips, averts his eyes. He sighs. “Harry,” he murmurs, and Sherlock thinks he doesn’t need to hear any more. John continues anyway. “She…” he huffs, frowning. “She called me at work. Absolutely out of her mind. Shit-faced.” His eyes close tightly, his expression pained. “She… she’d been driving.”
to seek refuge in a warehouse where bank-robbers liked to hang out?
The drink was tart, as Sherlock expected, and he pulled a slight face as the first sip went burning down his throat. John’s expression was amused.
“I-” Sherlock paused and pursed his lips, his clasped hands falling to his lap where one set of fidgety fingers idly toyed with one fraying end of the drawstring in his borrowed sweatpants. “I’d like to take a moment to- to apologise.” His brow furrowed as he struggled to identify the odd taste of the apology on his tongue.
Thinking quickly, Sherlock donned a weary expression, slumping where he sat, head falling back against the wall once more as he took a laboured breath. “I don’t think so-” he could see John’s look of mild confusion out of the corner of his eye “-I think I need to go home and lie down. Text me with any findings,” he said in lieu of a dismissal, and watched Lestrade set his jaw, nod once, and give a wave of farewell to John before joining a group of uniformed officers sweeping down the hall towards the lifts and the stairs. As soon as they were out of sight, Sherlock dropped the act, eyes hardening as he sat up straight and pulled out his mobile.
sang the voice over the speakers, and Sherlock bit his lip as John’s hand dropped from his jaw to slide down his front.
All of the instances, when isolated, could be dismissed easily; a brush of fingers here, a shared look there. Mere happenstance. But when John stood back and looked at the big picture, he could hardly believe he’d ever had a doubt in the first place.
“Yeah, but this is more fun.” The look in Sherlock’s eyes as he spoke was almost manic. It probably should have been concerning.
“Oi, where to?” the cab driver barked in irritation, snapping John out of his reverie, and his cheeks burned involuntarily as he realised he’d been staring rather stupidly out of the window, gazing after a man who was no longer there. He distractedly gave his address to the cabbie and looked back to the window, watching the scenes of the streets of London blur as the cab sped off away from the kerb and towards his home.
John smiled softly and nodded. “Five minutes,” he confirmed.
Sherlock stared at the proffered hand for a few seconds longer than strictly necessary, trying desperately to quell the not-entirely-unpleasant churning in his gut, and as the synthesized xylophone that came through the speakers was joined by the rhythmic, percussive sounds of hands on an acoustic guitar, he raised his cup to his lips and quaffed the remains of red-hued drink. The heat that seared his throat was no match for the flame in his chest as he set the emptied cup down and looked back at John, whose eyes were as bright as his blinding smile. He slid his hand into John’s, only able to admire for the briefest of moments how lovely the juxtaposition between his long, pale fingers and John’s shorter, thicker, tanned digits was, before John was pulling him away from the counter and into the group of undulating, swaying bodies.
He blinks as John cuts him off, and is held in place by the shorter man’s cerulian stare. “Oh.”
The light of the morning that had been streaming in through Sherlock’s bedroom windows was filling the sitting room of the flat with a hazy glow when he emerged from the hallway. He breathed in the scents of recently-brewed coffee and freshly-toasted bread, smiling as his breath left him in a noisy sigh.
“Rosie wishes you’d been here, too,” Sherlock murmurs. “And so do I. We missed you.” His words are soft and sincere; and so is John’s responding smile.
as John so eloquently puts it. When John’s angry, he sets his jaw and clenches his teeth. His brows knit together forming little wrinkles in the skin between them. His hands remain at his sides, fingers clenching and flexing in tandem. Sometimes, he drinks. Or; he looks you dead in the eye, and merely smiles pleasantly. Sherlock’s witnessed it before, and it is, quite frankly, terrifying.
“Alright,” John amended, “we’ve had tea. Other than that, I’ve known him… about a month. And spent less than a full day in his presence.”
And with that, Sherlock gave a tight-lipped smile and a sharp nod, before turning and making his way down the walkway, and John looked on just long enough to see the man turn his collar up against the chill in the air.
“...Oh,” John said with a frown. “That… makes sense.”
It would seem that no matter how quickly he bounced his knee under the table, or how vigorously he rubbed at his own mouth with his fingers, or how determinedly he stared at the blinking clock of the small microwave oven on the countertop across the kitchen, the details of the remainder of the night prior remained frustratingly elusive. The only physical piece of evidence that kept him from doubting the morality of a man he in truth barely knew was that he was dangerously close to chafing in a pair of pants that had been damp from rainwater and had gone unremoved.
John’s hand mirrored Sherlock’s, blunt digits sweeping over the spot where he was aware he’d cut himself early that morning - Sherlock had been right, of course, but John had figured, apparently rather foolishly, that no one would notice. “Mm. Yeah. Well, you’re right. Rough night,” John affirmed with a single nod. “But are we here to talk about me again? Or is there something in particular going on in your life that brought you back today?”
The silence that followed worried Sherlock to the point where he almost stopped walking to further try to convince John that what he was doing wasn’t horrible, that it was mutually beneficial; but it was actually John’s voice which ended up stopping him in his tracks.
He’d successfully ignored John for the most part, aside from the occasional reminder when he checked his mobile to see missed texts, and had managed to gather a few pieces of evidence that he deemed crucial:
Sherlock didn’t answer, as his mouth was busy with his cup, but his eyes widened.
“Huh?” John looked up, grabbing his shoe from where it’d been set neatly next to its twin on the floor. “The… those two suicides that had the same
, that Sherlock came to him for professional
- and darted around the next corner as Sherlock had; and nearly ran into the detective’s back.
He left the photo where he’d found it, face-down next to the picture of Paris, and turned with a small sigh to round the bed to gather his clothes. But when he rounded the bed, his eyebrows nearly disappeared into his hairline in shock and mild panic when he found his clothes, along with Sherlock’s, mysteriously missing. He cursed softly. Not wanting to take a page out of Sherlock’s book and grab a sheet from the bed to wrap himself in, and not wishing to stroll about the flat starkers just in case Mrs. Hudson came snooping, he looked around for another viable option - and found it hanging on the back of a glass-paneled door that led to the bathroom.
The blond giggles, and the sound soothes Sherlock’s very soul. “Damn. Wish I would have been here to see that.”
“Mm, no,”
“A man of science, then,” John surmised, and Sherlock nodded.
“What the
“Yeah, but- oh, whatever.” Greg relented with a sigh and turned his attention back to Irene. “Glad you could both make it,” he said, and then turned to Molly. “I’ve got to go check and make sure the bathrooms are stocked with toilet paper. Be back soon,” he promised, and planted a quick kiss to one rosy cheek before giving a final wave of farewell and scampering off.
The inhale of breath that followed was decidedly not quite as steady as Sherlock’s breathing had been earlier. Clearly, thought John, Sherlock was recalling some not-altogether-pleasant memories, if the way his body had subtly tensed was anything to go by.
“I’m- I’m sorry-” John began, clearly on the verge of a panic fueled by guilt, and Sherlock’s eyes blinked open to look at the other man with a frown.
“I’m the new kid here,” he said, gesturing widely with his arms and giving a small smile. “I knew what I signed up for. And it’s not really that bad. I’ve actually-- oi!” His attention was diverted to something behind both John and Mary, and the pair looked around, started. “Sorry,” Greg addressed distractedly, pushing past them, “I’ll meet up with you both for drinks later. I’ve got to take care of thi-- Chelsea!” His attention was fully torn away as he stormed off quickly to a gaggle of girls, half of them giggling, half of them shouting, surrounding a young girl wobbling on her feet and grasping another’s shoulder for support. “You’ve literally only been here ten minutes and you already look like you’re going to be sick?! Take it outside! Take it outside!”
“How was work?” the man continued, stepping away to remove his coat.
It doesn’t exactly go according to plan.
Cringing inwardly and outwardly, John took a deep breath, squared his shoulders, and turned around. He had his eyes shut for the first few moments, anticipating the sounds of disgust, but after a few moments of quiet, he dared to open his eyes. The look he was met with wasn’t one of repulsion, but one of fascination. And it wasn’t just that - swimming in Sherlock’s eyes were layers of emotion; awe, curiosity, revelation, and a hint of sadness. John felt impossibly small under the focus of that gaze.
“I didn’t realise Halloween party costumes needed to be so elaborate.” The chuckle he received in response made the corner of his lips quirk upwards. “I suppose if one were to bite the other, it likely would have been Irene biting me… I wouldn’t put it past her to seize any opportunity to boss me around for eternity,” he said, and John snorted into the beer he was holding.
until his eyes were level with Sherlock’s navel, but the taller man didn’t get to appreciate the sight of mischievous blue eyes shining at him from such a lovely vantage point for long before John was working his way back to standing, his hands leaving a searing trail of heat wherever they fell, up Sherlock’s thighs and over his hips to fall once again at his waist.
“She… plays for her own team, I believe is the phrase,” he said with a tilt of his head, and John nodded in understanding with a hum.
Victor’s grin only grew. “Isn’t it fucking
“These things tend to happen when I sober up,” Sherlock explained, though he didn’t feel confident. Whatever he’d been given the night previous wasn’t something he had experience with. He didn’t know how bad the crash would be, if there even was one; and he was pretty sure John wasn’t going to let him take a hit of something else to take any edge off. Before he knew what he was doing, he turned his head to glance at where his coat was hanging on a hook by the door (John had moved it there at some point, unbeknownst to him).
The only reason John dared to even breathe was that the laughter flowing from the men who tumbled into the warehouse was so boisterous that he was sure they wouldn’t notice. Without warning, the place was filled with harsh, fluorescent lights that flickered as they struggled to life, and by that light, John was able to make out that he’d been pulled behind what appeared to be a large stack of wooden pallets – some that might be used to carry large quantities of heavy items by forklift. He looked to his side to see Sherlock, with his legs stuck out in front of him, chest heaving and mouth agape with silent, deep breaths, head tipped back against the wooden pallets at their backs. As they both caught their breath and regained their bearings, John took a moment to listen as he began to catch words coming through the riotous laughter.
I'm going to start working on another story soon. I hope to improve my writing in doing so, and to do that, I would love another set of eyes; I already have one generous offer for a beta, and if anyone else would like to offer their skills as a beta or Brit-picker after seeing my egregious mistakes in this story (ha), don't hesitate to reach out. You can inbox me here, or find me on Twitter @bi_an83, or on Tumblr at minding-my-own-bismuth. Or if you just want to give me a follow to stay updated on future works, feel free to do so.
“Yes,” John confirmed with a small nod.
He lifted the duvet and climbed into the bed, eager for some relief from the chill. Logically, he knew the room was a decent temperature, but the influenza-type symptoms he was experiencing, complete with cold sweats and shivers, left him in desperate need of warmth. So the moment he was actually in the bed and the duvet was pulled up around his and John’s shoulders, he boldly closed the distance between them, pressed up solidly against John’s front, tucked his knees up to slip one leg between the soldier’s, and pressed his face into the thin, tee-shirt fabric covering John’s sternum.
The shower turned off behind him as he was reaching for his dressing gown, and as he pulled it on, he looked back to watch Sherlock step out of the shower. His skin had taken on a lovely pink hue from the heat of the water, and he was lightly flushed all over, the ruddiness a little more prominent on his high cheekbones. John ogled openly, expression unguarded, and Sherlock took notice; the man glanced at him as he fetched a dry towel, a smug smirk coming to his lips, knowing exactly what John was thinking.
“Listen,” the doctor said, taking a step closer to the young man allegedly named Sherlock. “Greg here brought you in for a reason, yeah? So let’s make a deal. Come into my office for, let’s say… five minutes. If you absolutely hate me, then you can walk out saying you gave it a shot, and you can confidently say it didn’t work for you. Five minutes is all I ask. Of course, I can’t force you, but I think Greg is concerned about something and I’d hate to have had the both of you make the trip here for nothing at all,” he reasoned, and waited patiently as he watched the younger man consider his offer.
“Well?” Lestrade asked, but Sherlock pointedly ignored him.
“Don’t be,” Sherlock said, and blinked a few times, before letting himself grin slowly.
Update next Saturday!
“Just… it’s comforting.”
He shifts closer across the mattress, ignoring John’s curious glance as his arm lifts to drape over John’s waist. He tries to emulate the hug he’d given John in the sitting room shortly after Mary’s death, splaying his hand on the man’s back and tucking the man’s head under his own chin. He thinks he’s doing a good job; but John is stiff.
John furrowed his brow a little and quirked his lips. “So… Hold on. Are you in here because… Why has Greg brought you here? Have you gotten into trouble with the police?” Sherlock and Greg seemed to know each other rather well. They’d exchanged words about the younger man’s brother, after all. And Greg obviously cared for the boy. What had happened?
“Lestrade, you may want to shut up,
And the fact that he didn’t know was getting in the way of the Work.
“As if you’d last that long,” Sherlock quipped, much to the amusement of a few people blissed out on rotting mattresses nearby.
“Well, we can sit down and talk about it-” John ignored the disgusted sound that emanated from the dark-haired man “-and see what’s going on… A little intake appointment. Quick and painless. That okay with everyone?”
That wasn’t the first time John had heard that. In his many years of dealing with an alcoholic father and sister, they both claimed that they were happier when they drank; seeing the world through amber-coloured, hazy lenses almost constantly was far better for them than facing reality was. John was no stranger to the feeling, himself.
The past couple of days had been eventful in that regard, though John had resolutely attributed the overabundance of physical contact between them to the fact that Sherlock was ill and in need of comfort. Whether it was because of guilt, or some desperate attempt to retain a facade of professionalism, John had done his best to abstain from any thoughts that could be considered even mildly inappropriate, given the fact that Sherlock was his patient. And then Sherlock had come out with the bit about
; but for all his efforts, he’s ended up with nothing but a headache and snot and tear smears on the front of his shirt. John wouldn’t be happy about that.
“If anyone were to ask,” Sherlock said as he stepped onto a rather large slab of concrete and surveyed the dark, mostly-vacant lot before them, “which I doubt they would, it wouldn’t be difficult to convince them that the pair of us had buggered off somewhere away from prying eyes for a snog.” The man turned around, a small smirk on his face as he reached a hand out to help John onto the concrete slab. John, cheeks colouring lightly at the comment – and at the truth of it – reached up to grasp the proffered hand gratefully, and was hauled up onto the concrete shelf. He returned the smile and gave Sherlock’s hand a squeeze before letting it fall from his grip.
out of my depth, when it comes to dealing with patients struggling with addiction.”
Something in John’s chest burned with righteous fury at the statement; and he wasn’t sure whether it was born of some sort of misplaced jealousy, or some equally misplaced fear. “And what’s that?”
“This is going to bruise badly,” John murmured, eyes continuing their inspection of the skin around his nose and eyes as he heard Sherlock step out of the shower.
Sherlock smiled. “Very good.”
“Ah, good to know,” Sherlock followed up smoothly; and he didn’t know whose benefit it was for, the fact that he chose not to linger on John’s previous statement. “I’ll keep it in mind when winter rolls around and I’m in danger of getting frostbite in my own home.” The quip brought John’s smile back, and Sherlock found his own lips twitching up at the corners at the sight of it.
“You’ve got an intermittent tremour in your left hand. You’ve been told by therapists that it’s caused by post-traumatic-stress-disorder. They think you’re haunted by the memories of your military service.”
All of a sudden, with the change of verse in the song, came a change in motion; John’s hands trailed down Sherlock’s hips and along the outsides and fronts of his thighs as John lowered his own body with a systematic swaying of his shoulders and hips in a slow snaking towards the floor to the tune of
“Vampires need to be
to touch-- and now he had. And the urge still wasn’t satisfied.
“You didn’t,” Sherlock confirmed, “but it would appear your case and my case have crossed paths. I was employed privately by Mr. Blessington,” he explained before Lestrade had the chance to question him.
“Um,” John thought aloud, “a pair of sweatpants, and a pair of jeans… Why?”
“Mm,” the man hummed, his eyes trailing unabashedly over John’s figure, and John stood still under the scrutiny. “You don’t seem very afraid.”
better. You believe it enhances your intellectual capacity.”
The sun, already beginning to set over the city, cast a warm, orange glow over the River Thames, which shimmered as the deep moss of the water mingled with shades of fiery orange and crimson, while a more mellow apricot and hints of gold danced among the other colours to paint a beautiful tableau that, once upon a time, long ago when Sherlock had first been brought to the city for holiday as a young boy, he’d marveled at.
as his breath was knocked out of him, and his gun was sent skidding across the floor. When he looked back up to see Kent running as fast as he could with his mild limp towards the door, followed by Bids clutching his bloodied arm - Harlow had presumably already made a run for it - he let himself smile triumphantly, dazedly, and tiredly.
They fall silent. John’s breath evens out, and Sherlock is almost certain the man is asleep - except that, all of a sudden, the man’s legs shift to tangle with his own, and Sherlock swears he can feel the barest brush of a kiss against the bare skin of his neck. He smiles; he doesn’t really know what any of this means. Their arms are wrapped around each other, their legs a hopeless tangle between them, and John has just kissed him…
in response.
“Bit early for that, I think,” he said carefully.
John actually smiled. “So Greg’s a policeman?”
“Drunkenly snogging the sexiest man I’ve ever laid eyes on after only knowing him for about twenty minutes in a broom closet,” John amended, laughing again.
“So P-P is Peace Pagoda,” John continued beside him, looking up at the statue which glinted in the light of the setting sun, “but what’s the rest of it? D?” he questioned, looking at Sherlock expectantly.
“Sherlock?” Greg called after the young man, but it was too late, as the main door was already closing behind him. The detective inspector began to follow, but seemed to realise that any attempt at restraining Sherlock and persuading him to do anything other than what he wanted to do would prove to be laughably futile. Instead, Greg huffed an aggravated breath and ran an anxious hand through his silver hair. Then he turned his gaze to John, who had since risen from his chair to come and stand in the doorway of his office, gazing bewilderedly at the exit. John turned his head to look back at him.
Upon exiting the lift, Lestrade wordlessly led them down the hall and into a room. In the room sat a man at a computer, the blurry, low-quality footage of a security feed flickering across the monitor. The man turned around when Lestrade came in, and offered a weak smile. “Hey, Greg. I’ve got your perps,” he said, sliding the chair away from the computer and freezing the image on the screen.
Fishing his keys out of his pocket, John approached the front door of his building - a modest complex built of dusty brown brick, a few stories high, with several small flats inside - and let himself in. He stopped to pick up a newspaper from off the concrete step, before stepping over the threshold and closing the door behind him. All in all, for the price, it was a decent place - the neighbours were kind, quiet people who mostly kept to themselves, John didn’t feel obligated to be social (except with the pretty young woman who lived in the flat on the first floor, whom he chatted up from time to time in passing) and no one bothered him in his flat on the second floor. It wasn’t the best place he’d ever lived in, but it was a far cry from the worst, so he was content in calling it his home.
“Can I move my head? My neck’s gone all stiff,” John complained, to which Mary rolled her eyes and sighed.
(See the end of the chapter for
A familiar face graced the screen as the television screen crackled to life, and as the picture shifted into focus, the voice of the middle-aged weather reporter on the screen came through, informing John and the countless other viewers in the area about what weather they could expect for the rest of the week. A look at the forecast made John think that maybe he should have stayed outside longer to appreciate the nice weather; gloomy skies and rain were imminent, according to the colourful pictures on the screen that the meteorologist motioned towards with exaggerated movements. But John was tired, he’d had a long day, and he had to get up for work in the morning. There would be more nice days, eventually.
Sherlock cast him a glance. “You seem strangely happy about such unfortunate circumstances.”
On one of his bad nights, the feeling of the gun in his hand, weighty with the implications of just why he held it, would have sent him collapsing back onto his bed, wracked with tremours and, sometimes, tears.
John took a breath. “Hm. So, this drug you were given last night was something you’ve not taken before. Correct?”
through clenched teeth as he victoriously spun in a circle.
“Yes. So you took her to a rehabilitation centre, and that’s what took you so long,” he assumes.
“Didn’t hurt anyone,” John assures as he opens his eyes and takes in Sherlock’s shock. “But she did crash. She’s fine,” he sighs. “A little banged up. But she’s fine. The idiot called
The one wall in the room that was bare of furnishings was covered, in its entirety, with newspaper clippings, photographs, pieces of paper, and sticky-notes, each stuck to the wall with pins, which had red string connecting them all in a massive series of webs. Expansive and intricate, it was truly a sight to behold - and if John didn’t know Sherlock any better, he’d assume the man was a conspiracy-theory nutter. But a closer look at the papers and photographs revealed clippings from articles detailing the case with Blessington, and the recent robberies that Sherlock had seemed to think were gang-related. Some of the photographs were of Blessington himself, while others contained shifty-looking characters whom John didn’t recognise. One photo which caught the doctor’s eye was of a dingy brick wall with the word “Worthington” spray-painted in large, green, bold-faced font with a thick black outline and white, artistic highlights. Similar photos - which John, after a moment, realised looked very similar to gang-related graffiti tags - were placed in seemingly-strategic places on the wall, connected to each other via the red string.
he had mistakenly stumbled into somebody’s fucking
to the sights of London acting as a backdrop for the masterpiece that was his partner in life and in crime.
Hope you enjoyed, thanks again for clicking your way here, have a LOVELY day, and I'll see you all back here soon!
“But-”
At this, Sherlock’s eyes flashed with something akin to excitement, before they narrowed, and suddenly John felt nearly overwhelmed with being the subject of such an intensely concentrated stare. The corner of Sherlock’s lips twitched up in an almost dark smirk, and John felt his stomach drop a touch. “I know that you’re a former member of the Royal Army Medical Corps, recently invalidated home from Afghanistan due to a bullet wound in the shoulder. Your wound left you with PTSD and an intermittent tremor, deeming you unfit for duty and unable to continue on your original career path as a surgeon, or you wouldn’t be here with your own practise. No one could survive in London on an army pension alone, you’re not wealthy, but you needed some source of income, so you’re here. But you don’t love it here – why don’t you go to your family for help until you’re back on your feet? You don’t have family around here – at least not a supportive family – you do have a brother who cares about you, but you won’t go to him for help… possibly because of his excessive alcohol abuse, but more likely because he’s recently left his wife. And I know you’ve got a therapist,” he tacked on, the final comment nearly offhanded.
. “Did
“You’re sure you’re not psychic?” The question was followed by the sound of wood sliding against wood as the drawer to the bedside table was pulled open, and Sherlock listened with intent as John habitually clicked the safety off and back on, checked the chamber, turned the gun over in his grip, and then a sigh mingling with a rustle of fabric signified the man tucking the firearm into its designated place nestled against the small of his back.
He heard Sherlock sigh softly from where he’d gone to stand by the window. “Might run to the Yard. Pesker Lestrade in person to give me something to do. He’s not answering my texts,” he murmured with a sour expression.
not home, and Rosie needs to be put down. But her cot is upstairs in John’s room. Sherlock’s room is downstairs. And he knows John would wring his neck if he found out Sherlock left her unsupervised, and their baby monitors have long-since died, and Sherlock knows they don’t have any spare batteries in the flat and
John clarified, now irritated.
“Fun?” John asked with a raised eyebrow, and his eyes darted down to the rather repulsive-looking corpse on the ground in between them, the only witness to this ridiculous conversation. “Ah, there’s a man. Lying dead. Right here,” he clarified with a point of a finger, in case Sherlock had forgotten.
Sherlock cleared his throat lightly. “Sebastian- my roommate-” he elaborated with a glance at John “-he… he hated me. Everyone did.” His eyes returned to the carpet, so he missed the distressed look on John’s face. “His dealer would come to the dorm room from time to time, and I would make myself scarce; I elected to
One look up at Sherlock, however, had hope springing anew in his chest, as the look on Sherlock’s face wasn’t one of resignation, but of curious confusion.
And while he was usually good at keeping himself from crossing that line, he knew that he’d been in danger of crossing that line with Sherlock for quite a while.
