!" An angel was calling him. Castiel and Dean turned their heads towards the voice, observing that the angel was about to arrive.
But what he found surprised him greatly. Standing there, naked, was a beautiful man looking at him with eyes full of confusion. His body was that of a Roman gladiator. His pink and full lips drew a perfect heart. He had messy black hair, a perfect straight nose and eyes so blue that Dean was dumbstruck.
"We have to return to Heaven. Our brethren need us. They're fighting now," he said, raising his eyes to the skies.
Bobby noticed the hint of sadness in Dean's voice and eyes. He didn't push Dean for more information.
"You came here to kill me, that was your mission, right?" Dean asked, grimacing the pain he felt inside.
Dean almost bumped his head on the car hood. He wheeled around, and his grin was so wide, it seemed as if it wouldn't fit on his face. "Cas! You're back."
Dean spent the rest of the day teaching Emmanuel to use the tools to fix the damage the thunderstorm had made in the camp. Emmanuel learned quickly, and by the sunset, they had repaired all the roofs and windows.
"I built this body…" Castiel murmured, placing his fingertip on Dean's hole as he kept sucking Dean's cock.
Dean closed his eyes, his body felt like Jell-o. He couldn't believe Castiel was kissing him, it felt so warm and perfect. Dean kissed him back, grabbing him by the arms. He could feel the firm muscles under his touch.
"I told you to stay away from them. Now I have to kill you and your brother," Castiel said, and Dean could perceive a hint of sadness in his voice. But also... Cas had said
Dean felt Castiel's body relaxing in his arms, and smiled. Castiel embraced Dean's back with his hands and pulled him closer. "I can't remember you…" he whispered sorrowfully. "But… there's something… something about you. Your smell, your eyes… your…" Castiel faced him. Dean was flushed, heart pounding like crazy. He caught Castiel looking at his lips with open desire.
He tried to avoid the nervousness in his body once he was inside the room. It was late at night already. He needed to think very carefully about what he was going to say to Cas.
"Cas, you rescued me from Hell! How could you forget that?" Dean lost his patience,  "And you were about to tell me something! You were about to help me! What's wrong with you, Cas? Did they brainwash you or…?"
just because I was bored, looking for something to entertain myself." Toth raised his chin and Dean noticed a sparkle in his eyes as he watched Castiel. The hunter pursed his lips. "And I found you," the god added, "But… there is something odd about you. I didn't know what it was at first but now…" Toth approached Castiel and tried to touch something invisible over his head, and Dean took two steps forward to protect his friend. Castiel frowned as the god kept his fingers dancing over him. "Now… I see the threads, controlling your mind."
"Well…Sometimes I forget that too…it's good to have time to appreciate nature, and remember why we are fighting so hard." Dean sighed, as he raised his eyes to the shining stars.
"Freaking old clothes…" the hunter muttered to himself staring at the five different options over his bed, "I feel better knowing we will be eliminating the options to just a t shirt and one or two plaids," he snorted and wheeled around to find Elga looking at him from the door.
He couldn't deny he found Cas extremely attractive. The truth was… Castiel being a hot, sexy motherfucker wasn't news, but now that was affecting him at a crazy intense level…
Castiel cocked his head thoughtfully, "Well, they stopped after I met you, actually." That had been when Dean stopped praying to him. The hunter swallowed.
He couldn't blame Anna and her description of the perfect bond he shared with Castiel. These feelings had always been there. Hidden behind a mask. Repressed. First of all because he knew angels didn't feel the same way humans do. But also because Castiel was his friend. Cas was always there, trying to help him and Sam. So, really, everything happening to Castiel now was Dean's fault.
Seated on the chair behind his desk there was a dark and transparent silhouette of a man. He couldn't distinguish his face.
Day 8 for the Writersmonth.  This time one Geraskier fic. Today's word is WATER and the setting: Social Media.
Elga sat in front of the table with a candle in the middle, opened a book in front of her and from what Dean could distinguish, it was a summoning spells book from the bunker. She lit up the candle and closed her eyes while she uttered some words in latin, and for a couple of minutes she remained still.
Dean turned his head slightly away from Castiel's gaze, but the angel didn't move. Cas's strong thighs pressed against Dean's legs and crotch. Why was he noticing that now? This was all Anna's fault. He couldn't stop thinking about his
Hours had passed when Castiel decided to summon Zachariah. "This is very risky, but it has to work," he said, with all the elements on the table.
After catching their breaths, Dean looked at her in the rearview mirror. "We told you not to do that."
Yes. It was going to be hard on everyone, and Castiel felt a small pang of guilt for all the changes and accommodations he was asking of his friends. Who was he to demand all this special attention? But then . . . was this really any different from when Ellen's daughter Jo had asked people to stop calling her “Joanna”? Sure, there were mistakes at first, but everyone tried, and after a surprisingly short time the only person who still called her by her old name was her mother, and then only when she was angry. So pronouns might take a little longer – they'd all adjust.
Benny sighed and waved a world-weary hand. “Naw, it's fine, really. I don't really need two of those things, anyway.” He fell back to eating with a mild, preoccupied expression that seemed to shut out any possibility of further discussion.
it. There had been no body. No cold, stiff form to wrap in sheets and curtains, to lay on the pyre and douse in gasoline. Nothing for Dean to burn.
Dean scratched his jaw with his fingertips; Castiel could hear the faint rasp of stubble against callouses. He tried not to wonder what that stubble would feel like under his own hand. “Like the
, indeed. He swallowed. “Yes,” he answered quietly, absolutely. “Yes it is. I don't know how, and I don't know why, but realizing I am . . . what I
around him. Being naturally shy and awkward in public, he was used to keeping his head and eyes down, but now he started
Benny clattered in as Dean headed for the door. He looked down at Castiel, still sitting on the floor, holding Dean's shirt to the back of his head. “God
?” Castiel asked, surprised. “I thought testosterone would just, I don't know, lower my voice and give me facial hair and a bad temper.”
Tonight? The same tired track that had been on endless replay for the last month and more: the Situation. This bizarre, impossible, cosmically hilarious Situation, a divine joke at Castiel's expense, or perhaps a punishment for the sins of another life – who knew? It made no sense, but there it was: after nearly forty-two years of life on earth, and despite all appearances, biology, and socialization to the contrary,  Castiel had discovered that he was not a woman but a man.
“Please, call me Castiel,” Castiel said, risking a glance at that handsome face. His stomach took another little swoop.
Dean drew back again and stared at him in surprise. “Huh? Me? I don't need anything. I'm not the one who's had the world do a one-eighty on 'em.”
Dean laughed and reached for his bloody work shirt, but Castiel snatched it out of his way. “Let me wash this,” he said gravely. “Technically, it's a biohazard.”
, probably even more so than coming out as gay, at least nowadays, and you're nervous, I get that. I'm not offended.” She squeezed his hands, looking a little sad. “Oh, Castielle, were you afraid of
Castiel merely nods, and then they are moving together, not in step, but side by side, fingers entwined, eyes forward, chins high. The lurid red gash gapes as they approach, widening and pulsing. A wind blows up from behind them, pushing them on. It whistles past their ears, obscuring, though not completely drowning out, Amara’s slow and final benediction.
He felt a warm hand on his shoulder. “Castielle,” Charlie said, her voice softer now, “it's okay. You can tell me. It can't be that bad, can it?”
They both dissolved into laughter, which settled into chuckling, which settled into kissing, slow now and easy.
should be in a Heaven of your own design, a place and situation that brings you greatest happiness.” His mouth twists in something like a smile, but it’s crooked and small. “On the road, perhaps, in your ‘Baby.’”
Sam almost laughed, but bit it back; it felt too much like hysteria. “He’ll be fine,” he said, more firmly than he felt. “Go get the med kit. White box with a red cross on it. It’s on the kitchen table.”
The answer to that, at least, was that his brain (or body or hormones or whatever the hell ran this particular show) didn't give a rat's ass what he wanted. He was apparently a man, dammit, and if it took over forty years for said man to realize it? Well, too fucking bad.
They wrestled the dresser back into the hallway, then Castiel squeezed his way around it into the bedroom to find Dean surveying the space as if it had personally insulted his mother and he was contemplating a fit revenge.
Castiel decided he was done with drinking, so Dean put the second bottle away before they settled in for an episode of the Great British Bake Off. Castiel was too weary and tipsy to pay much attention, though Dean seemed riveted. It was only 9:15 by the time the show was over, and 9:40 after they'd finished cleaning up, but Castiel was perfectly ready to collapse, so they called it an early night.
Unfortunately, thinking about his adopted family caused memories of his blood family to rise up, unbidden and unwanted, demanding comparison. Castiel frowned and tried to shake the thoughts out of his head, but they were old familiar enemies, and he found he was too tired to resist them. Bobby's curmudgeonly soft-heartedness was crushed by Castiel's father's cold, precise authoritarianism, Sam's bright friendliness overshadowed by Lucien's gleeful malice and Michael's harsh disapproval. By the time he'd climbed into bed, Castiel's good mood had slipped, dimming into something sad and wistful.
Charlie grinned and bounced in her chair. “Clothes? You wanna go? It'd be more fun than Uni. Maybe even more fun than Arkham Horror.”
He put his hand on Baby’s warm roof and breathed. Do it for Sammy. Put the key in the ignition, foot on the gas. Leave the ashes behind. And if he left more than that, no one else would know.
? You're never going to have to deal with the potential homophobic or transphobic fallout attendant on this revelation? Your less-than-perfectly-heterosexual orientation notwithstanding, you somehow
eyes. That happened a lot around Dean. Castiel suppressed a smile. “I think he's stuck with me. Hi, Castielle,” she said, turning and giving Castiel a sisterly hug.
Dean broke into one of his incandescent smiles, the kind that made Castiel want to laugh and cry at the same time. “That's awesome, babe. I'm glad.”
Dean's eyes flicked up, caught Castiel's; Castiel held his gaze for an instant, then dropped it, as if it had all been an accident.
at them.” Castiel frowned a little, as if he were disappointed with himself. “I had heard of humans seeing things in clouds, you know, the shapes of animals or people, but I had thought nothing of it, thought it was just human nonsense.” He looked up at the dappled sky and broke into a brilliant smile, that broad, purely happy smile so seldom seen since he’d returned from Purgatory. Dean felt himself go very still at the sight.
he thought hysterically. He sucked in a deep breath and looked straight into his friend's questioning eyes. “Charlie,” he said, and every muscle in his body seemed clenched, “I – I'm not a girl.”
They stand looking at each other for some period of time—Dean has no idea how long in this strange, changeless place.
Dean finds he is shaking, his hands, his body. He can’t meet Castiel’s eyes. “So, do it,” he whispers.
Castiel felt all the blood drain from his face. He wanted to swoop down and shoulder Dean out of the way, to scoop up all the little plastic boxes before Dean could examine them too closely, but he knew it was too late. It was all too late. He knew he’d find out where Dean fell on the Kinsey Scale eventually, but not now, not so soon. And not like this. His stomach clenched.
Charlie propped her chin on her hand and regarded Castiel gravely. “C'mon, Cas – he loves you. I mean he's, like,
stop for clarification, it was always Dean, and he seemed to just…linger, managing to turn every innocent question into a mini-conversation, usually about Castiel. After every encounter, Castiel told himself he had to stop fraternizing and get to work (and let Dean get to work!), but every time the mover approached him with that boyish grin and those curious eyes he lost all sense of time and decorum and babbled like a teenager on his first date.
He drew in a deep breath; Dean stared at him, eyes round and shocked. “I hated denying you,” Castiel continued in a lower voice. “I hated myself. I felt like a failure, both as a wife and a woman, and more than anything I hated my body for being the source of that failure.”
for godssake. Yes, the fellowship the University had offered him was a godsend, the stipend nearly doubling what he made from translation alone, but now that he was here, as an evening spent alone stretched before him in his mind's eye—and all the long evenings after that—he began to wonder if it had all been worth it. He folded the receipt neatly away into his pocket and sighed.
Dean studied the space again. “Yeah, if you want to break a few laws of geometry,” he muttered. “Or physics.”
Dean breaks first. He steps forward, lays a hand on Castiel’s arm. There must be some static electricity in the air; the hair on his arms stirs, lifts, and his scalp prickles. “Okay, it’s just another problem, right? We do this all the time. We’ll figure it out.”
As he watched the men around him, as well as the ones he saw on television or in movies, he began to imitate them, both consciously and unconsciously. He began to walk more loosely and comfortably, and he started to pull himself up to his full height instead of hunching down as he'd learned to do as a tall girl growing up, told that men would be intimidated by a woman who could look them in the eye. He found the change exhilarating, the longer gait and thrown-back shoulders giving him a sense of freedom and strength that he couldn't ever remember feeling, not even as a child.
It started out small, in everyday material things. When he passed by the women's sections in stores, for instance, everything suddenly looked . . . odd. As he'd told Charlie, he'd never been an overly “girly” girl, but now everything seemed not just uninteresting but
was different, as well. He still had that swagger, that façade of careless bravado, but Castiel could now see something else beneath it—a caution and a softness Castiel found both a little surprising and incredibly attractive. Dean was still curious and chatty, but he was very careful not to surprise Castiel again, even in the safest of situations. He asked after Castiel's head two or three times over the next hour, and inspected it once. Castiel caught him a couple times just beginning to reach to help him with a box or piece of furniture before drawing back discretely. He joked less but smiled more. Castiel liked that smile.
“Yep,” Dean said, sounding as satisfied as if he'd healed Castiel of a malignant melanoma. “Bleeding's stopped, and I think the ice kept the little bump you got from being a goose egg.” He clapped Castiel on the back. “Congratulations—you're gonna live.”
A shadow passed over Dean's face. “Yeah, well, I shoulda' been more careful. You already told me you sometimes kinda, um, lose track of your surroundings. I shoulda' remembered.”
Castiel started his Saturday feeling strange and a little surreal. He'd shot a reassuring text off to Charlie as soon as he'd gotten up (he knew he didn't have the energy to handle her enthusiasm in person just then), but afterwards he felt a bit at loose ends and spent the morning after breakfast wandering the house, not sure of what to do or say, as if coming out to Dean had collapsed his future into that one last act, leaving nothing left. Dean, on the other hand, was his usual ebullient self – maybe even more so than usual. Trying a little too hard, maybe, but that was Dean, and Castiel found he was too wired to resent it. So when Dean started making faces and execrable puns to rouse him out of his funk, Castiel finally laughed and threw his hands in the air, surrendering might-have-beens and
Dean let his eyes drift out of focus. The shapes in the ceiling swam in his vision, combining, breaking apart, combining again. Cracks became edges and outlines, the mold softer forms.
“I’m not sure,” Castiel says slowly. His brow is furrowed. “It might be music, played very slowly. Or it might be speech, also very slow.” His eyes shut, and he is still and silent.
Dean looked up at him and grinned, and, though he tried to keep up his disapproving glare, Castiel’s lips twitched up. “How many licks does it take to get to the center of your Tootsie Pop, Cas?” Dean asked, his voice going low and teasing.
pleased with himself, even smug; Benny looked mostly amused, as if Dean's strange behavior was so familiar that he'd stopped being annoyed at it years ago. “I really can't…” Castiel began.
And then Dean was right before him, cupping his face with his big, calloused hands, and there were his lips on Castiel’s, god, so much softer than he’d even imagined, moving so gently and carefully, and
Charlie drew her hand across her brow melodramatically. “Whew! Thank Hera! I'm too old to learn new names
“It was just a dream, Dean,” Castiel said with a fair approximation of easy composure, though he couldn't quite meet those eyes. “I know I overreacted, but that was last night. I'm fine
Dean swallows and clenches his hands into fists, just to feel something besides the relentless rhythm of walking. “Are you sure this isn’t Hell?”
, and he had no idea what kind of rednecks he might run into. Benny seemed all right, so far, but what about…
Castiel's life as a newly minted transman. I have a timestamp with Cas coming out to Gabriel, but it's not finished, and I don't know if it ever will be.
Dean inhales. He thinks back, to before the light. It is surprisingly difficult, like trying to remember the creation of the earth.
Dean shifts in Castiel’s arms until they are side by side, facing the gash. “Yeah. Even Purgatory was friendlier-looking.”
Women had somehow become “other,” despite how long he'd thought he was one. There was no judgment in this; he didn't suddenly see them as objects or victims or purveyors of cooties, but simply as somehow separate from himself. Surprised and a little confused, he began to pay attention to the men he passed as well. His reaction to them was less well-defined. He didn't feel like he was one of them, not yet, but there was a connection to them he couldn't remember feeling before, a longing that had nothing to do with sex or physical attraction. He wanted to
Dean stiffened next to him. “What the hell kind of question is that?” he asked, his tone a strange mix of outrage, affection, and disbelief. He reached out and took Castiel's chin in his fingers, gently coaxing his head around, tilting it up so Castiel would have to meet his eyes. “I
Castiel ran a hand through his hair. He was sweating, ugh. “I think we’re perhaps on plan E by now. Or F.”
truly. It's just that my sleep was a little broken. If I don't have too much work, I'll take a nap, all right?”
Charlie gave him a look that was half exasperation, half pity. “C'mon, Cas!” she said. “You're practically
his way back to womanhood, early on, and it hadn't worked. Did that mean this was all permanent or not? Should he try again?
The shapes on the ceiling writhed, wavering. He blinked, but they wouldn’t resolve. “Shoulda had a Viking ship, Cas,” he murmured. “Shields and swords and shit. Warrior’s funeral, not a hunter’s.”
Dean's expression smoothed out, the line between his brows disappearing. “Yeah, okay, babe. That sounds good.”
, as if made for another species. The men's sections, on the other hand, were starting to look more like home. He found himself wondering if he should do pleats or plain fronts or if those smart shoes came in a size small enough for his feet. He began to look longingly at ties and jackets.
And yes, he’d given up on the whole picking up thing. Dean’s switch from sexy bastard to hovering mama bear had changed their whole dynamic, and Castiel was surprised to find that he was okay with that. He’d looked into the yawning chasm of loneliness, of unpacking his new apartment in solitary silence, and then Dean had swooped in and gotten Castiel’s kitchen in order in just over an hour, then had dragged him down for beer and pizza and darts. He’d regaled Castiel with hilarious stories of his strange and peripatetic childhood and listened as Castiel told stories of his own, Dean just as engrossed whether Castiel was talking about his crazy brothers or describing obscure translations unfolding like puzzle boxes, revealing their secrets little by little. It was nice. It was good.
It was so frustrating. What was this man up to? What did he want? And how did he get Castiel—socially reserved, introverted Castiel—to talk so easily about anything and everything while never really revealing anything about himself? Just two short hours, and Castiel had somehow ended up revealing his occupation, how many siblings he had, how many years he'd spent in college,
Dean pulled out his phone to check the time and it was already 3:30, and he was supposed to meet Charlie at 4.
Sam nearly choked on the other end of the phone. The ‘oh’ on the other end of the line was barely audible and Dean hung up. He watched the road in front of him getting blurry as tears threatened to fall. He blinked a few times and breathed very slowly. They ended up going away but the cause of them was still there. No son should react the way that Sam or he did when talking about their own father. John had failed them over and over and Dean was so sick and tired of it, but he always held it together for his Sammy. He was a mother and a father for that kid and he was damn proud of the brother he raised. Dean pulled up and Sam was out the door before he could even honk.
I am trying to work on pacing this pic faster because I have too many words for how little time has passed, let me know if I did okay in this chapter.
Dean had to will his head to turn and meet those glaring blue eyes that scared him half to death just earlier today. He did it anyway and smiled politely. “We have mozzarella sticks, nachos, a new special boneless wings — which are just chicken nuggets with sauce, quesadillas, and we have a few homemade soups.”
“I think I’m adorable.” Dean flashed a wide smile over to the passenger seat. Sam didn’t lighten up on his - what Dean liked to call - bitchface. “C’mon Sammy it was a harmless prank” Dean signed, feeling an inkling of guilt. “I’m sorry, okay?” He finally gave into what Sam wanted.
“I’m sorry I have to go get my brother now, it was actually so fun talking to you.”  Dean flashed her a wide, genuine grin and laughed. “I can’t believe I’ve been here since May and we haven’t talked this much.”
The first table he went over to, he got their drink and appetizer orders and wrote them down in his little green notepad. He wanted to hit at least one more table before heading back to the bar. Table two didn’t even have menus so he assumed they were new, he saw a cute brunette on one side of the booth, but when he got to the table he almost choked.
He gasps. He feels as if he has fallen from a great height, as if he has been transported a thousand miles in the space of a single second. Everything rushes around him like a gale, all his memories and knowledge, his past, his present, his future.
, please.” He took a deep breath. “Your partner took a look at the wound,” he continued. “He said it wasn't too bad, even though it bled a lot. Scalp wounds do that, apparently?”
“I dunno,” Dean said. He grabbed Castiel and tugged so that they both landed on the couch, somehow neither of them landing on the wine glass, and thank god for white wine anyway. “Silly, laughing, having fun. Y'know – just
Castiel understands before Dean does, teasing the meaning out of the slowly shifting vibrations in the air. “
First kisses are tricky things. Anticipation can make them overwhelming…or huge disappointments. They can be awkward and messy or dry and clinical. Maybe noses collide or teeth click uncomfortably. Maybe one person’s breath doesn’t bear the closer examination.
The mover ducked his head down as if trying to hide a smile. “Leave off 'floor,' and we're getting somewhere,” he murmured, probably not intending for Castiel to hear him. Castiel's stomach lurched.
“Like, uh . . .” Cas broke off, closed his eyes, then spoke all in a rush, “Like-I-seem-to-have-got-my-libido-back.”
“Yeah, we thought we were, too, for a while.” Dean pats Sam on the back with his free hand. His eyes sting, but remain dry. “But I’m okay.
She shrugged and sat across from him. “Oh, you know. Same ol', same ol'. Got a tournament to officiate next week, and the costume's still not done,
with him, as if Castiel were something that might break if Dean leaned too hard or spoke too loudly, and now, somehow, he realized that Castiel wasn't made of glass after all, and he could be free. The realization hit Castiel like a blow, and guilt washed over him for all the years Dean had wasted, constricted and confined by having to be careful of his fragile
more real. Then he'd panic, and all the objections that had tormented him through the week would rear up and start gibbering at him again. He banged and clattered around the house in his nervousness, dropping things and forgetting things and laughing at himself, sometimes just to laugh and sometimes to keep from screaming.
“What the hell, Dean?” Sam said sharply, turning Dean’s hands palm up to examine them. “Have you just been soaking all this time? You look like a handful of raisins.”
He looked down at the shopping bag in his right hand as if he might find a poisonous snake in it. “Yes, I suppose so,” he said slowly. “It's just . . .” He stopped himself. No. Enough of that – he was not going to feel guilty about buying gender-appropriate clothing, for god's sake. “No, you're right. It was all very reasonable, and I think – I think I
“This will be fine,” Castiel said, dragging his eyes away from Dean's body to his face. “Thank you.”
Castiel pressed his lips together, trying to fight down the manic laughter that was trying to push its way past his teeth. “Manly,” he said, trying the word out. He wasn't sure how that felt. Good? Weird? Cliché?
Dean picked up some more titles. “Oh, dude…you have some Eamon O’Rourke! I loved ‘Blind Date.’ Man…” He pulled up another box. “You have ‘The Body Shop’!” he exclaimed, then stopped suddenly, and Castiel thought his ears turned pink. Dean put the box down carefully and shuffled it back into the pile. “Um, I’ve heard of that one, I think.”
Loss turned into grief and grief turned into a fear that rose up as a physical pain in his chest. He hunched over himself in the bed, unconsciously moving away from Dean as if Dean had already left him, as if he were already alone. He felt his body heave with strangled sobs. He tried to fight them back, pressing his fists against his mouth, terrified of waking Dean, but he wasn't strong enough.
The day out with Charlie turned out to be a kind of turning point for Castiel. Buoyed by his friend's easy acceptance and unquestioning support, he started to slowly emerge from his inner world; instead of spending all his time in his head, endlessly playing over all his fears and misgivings about the Situation, he began looking outwards, at the actual world, and when he did, he found that everything looked a little different.
kind of a huge thing, I guess, and it is going kinda fast,” he admitted at last, as if embarrassed that he was showing some sort of weakness. “Maybe it'd be nice to talk to other guys – or girls or whatever – who've been there before. How they handled the changes, how they felt about it, how they've supported their, um, partners.”
Blood. Great roiling clouds of it streaming out of two long gashes in Dean’s arms. Lengthwise, between radius and ulna, not lateral, across the tendons of the wrists. All the better to bleed out, my dear.
A strange shiver sped all through Castiel’s body, from his feet to his head, down his arms to his fingertips. His scalp prickled. “Oh, god, yes,” he breathed and broke into a perfectly idiotic grin. “
Now this, this was a loop that Castiel rarely played. Whenever he ran through the consequences of coming out to Dean, his mind shied away from the thought of rejection with all the urgency and violence of a horse shying from the scent of blood. He refused to entertain the idea, essentially, though he never imagined how it would not come to pass, either. He never saw, in his mind's eye, exactly how Dean would come to accept Castiel's revelation or what their marriage would look like afterwards. It was if his brain just skipped everything in between: Castiel would tell Dean, Dean would ask some confused questions, then blink! Everything would be normal again, except Castiel would have a beard and no breasts and would never have to wear stupid women's clothing ever again.
Dean lived in town, so maybe they could continue to do this, meet and talk and drink beer. Just get to know each other, keep each other company. And maybe someday Castiel would figure out if Dean was interested in men, and maybe something more might happen, and Castiel would be able to run his fingers over that stubbled jaw, to kiss that perfect mouth, to watch lose long, thick lashes stutter against that freckled cheek as Castiel broke him down…but no. For now, this was good. And even if
Dean paused, then nodded as if he understood, though there was a puzzled crease to his brow. “Yeah, right. Well, you do that.” He shot Castiel one last glance as he turned to leave for another load.
They stayed up a little longer once they got home, watching an episode of “Dr. Sexy, MD” from the DVR and cuddling on the couch. Castiel drank water while they watched to offset the wine from dinner and by bedtime was only slightly muzzy.
Castiel kissed him, feeling better now than he had all day. This was love: a shared life and all the memories and in-jokes and experiences that went with it. Everything else was extra. “You
think you want to do hormones, on the other hand, you might want to just get some jeans or, I dunno, chinos to tide you over until your shape changes.”
Castiel stared, completely sideswiped by the suggestion. He was vaguely aware of Benny still moving around in the background, cleaning up packing paper, but all Castiel could focus on was Dean and his hopeful grin. He struggled to get his brain to respond cogently to the situation. “Um, you don't have to do that Dean,” he finally managed, a little lamely.
Quickly, yet gracelessly, they managed to hobble over to a kitchen chair, and Castiel sank down on it in relief. Benny came in a moment later with a blue ice pack, which Dean wrapped in his bloody shirt and pressed back onto the wound. Castiel hissed in pain, but said nothing. “You got any aspirin, Cas? Ibuprofen?” Dean asked.
They need no rest, have no bodily desires beyond each other, but eventually they slow, touches moving from desperate to exploratory to gentle. They map each other’s bodies completely, each dip and curve and divot, every smooth line and subtle imperfection. Castiel traces Dean’s scars with fingers and tongue; Dean tangles himself in Castiel’s firm body, legs wrapped around legs, hands in hair, skin slipping over skin.
There is nothing here but light and something smooth and hard under his feet. He can’t see it for the light, but it’s solid, so he walks. Any direction and no direction. He casts no shadow.
Commanded, Dean obeys, sees Castiel’s eyes wide and wondering. Castiel reaches out with his free hand and touches Dean’s jaw, and the touch sparks on Dean’s skin like embers. Castiel half-closes his eyes and leans in and presses his lips to Dean’s.
“You gotta hold on, Dean,” he said. “I know…I know how much it hurts, believe me. How it makes you want to die, but you can’t, man, you can’t.” The stone in his chest lurched heavily. “You’re all I’ve got left, Dean. I know it’s not the same, but I can’t do this without you. You gotta stay with me.”
place ever? Where else can you get binders, bibles, and vibrating butt plugs all in one place?” Castiel's face grew even hotter but he chuckled anyway. Charlie grinned at him. “So you crossed that Rubicon, huh? That means you've finally talked to Dean, right? How did he take it?”
anything. You're just you, and yeah, it sucks that it took so long to figure out, but it's not like you can change that now.
Sam closed his eyes as the world broke in half. Tears began to slip down his face, cool tracks in the hot fog of the bathroom. “It’s okay,” he murmured. “It’ll be okay. You gotta hang on, man. Cas would want you to.”
Charlie pulled back and made a face as she flexed one slender arm. “I didn't get these guns coding, dude. There's some serious Moondor training behind these rippling pectorals.”
Castiel had remembered to leave the door not only unlocked, but open, and between the two of them they managed to wrangle the mid-century modern piece through the entryway with only one injury—Castiel’s fingers got scraped trying to get the thing past the jamb—and into the hallway and around the corner to the bedroom.
Castiel gritted his teeth and tried to still his mind, forcibly turning his thoughts from his internal spirals to listen to Dean's even breathing beside him. Dean was not snoring, just making tiny noises as he breathed in and out, the same noises he made most nights for all the thirteen years of their marriage. Focusing on those noises mercifully distracted Castiel from the Situation, and he smiled reflexively, his thoughts turning to all the reasons he loved the man sleeping beside him – his humor, his loyalty, his sense of justice, his gentleness – and as Castiel listened and thought, something in him began to uncoil, his body and mind relaxing together, and before long he found himself burrowing deeper into the bedclothes, feeling sleepy at last, feeling warm and cherished and . . .
. Castiel, not prepared, took an extra step and stumbled, almost falling on top of the thing. “All right, genius,” Dean said as he stared into the room. “Where the hell are we putting this? Your room is armpit deep in boxes!”
Castiel gave him a dubious squint as he got out of the car. “Your reasoning does not bear close examination, Dean,” he said. He tipped his head to one side. “Though I have to admit that I am surprised and impressed at your proper use of both ipso facto and QED.”
“He's going to think you look awesome, as usual,” she returned airily. “This style is great for you – it really goes with the shape of your face.”
He'd known about transgender people, of course. He didn't know any personally, other than that friend of Charlie's, whom he'd only met once, but he'd always been interested in gender politics and identity, so he was better informed than many Americans on the subject. He just didn't think it had anything so do with him. True, he'd never been stereotypically feminine and went through “butch” phases, as Dean teasingly called them, when he cut his hair shorter and wore androgynous clothing, but it didn't mean anything. And yes, as a child he'd envied the freedom boys had that he didn't, especially in the context of his repressively religious upbringing, but he didn't want to be one. He was fine with being a girl, really. Men were kind of loud and clueless and wouldn't ask for directions, and as a group they'd kind of run the world into the ground (#notallmen notwithstanding). Why the hell would he want to join those ranks?
They stare at the slash for a while. The sound in the place has settled again to slow and sonorous, as if, once they’d deciphered its meaning, it is lazily sitting back to see what they do. The light is still bright and cold. Still nothing happens beyond the faint fluttering at the edges of the gap.
“Way more than that, dude,” Charlie replied with a “don't you even know how to Google?” look on her face. “The testosterone makes your body fat – not that you have too much, for a girl, anyway, I mean, you always look great, oh God, now I'm babbling –” She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. “Anyway, it makes your body fat sort of rearrange itself. You know, it comes off your hips and ass and moves to your waist, mostly. Your face will change, too. So, anyway, if you do think you might do hormones, you might not want to spend too much on pants now, 'cause you'll just have to buy more a year or so after you start.”
An emotion rises, prodding at Dean’s numb heart. He suddenly hates the defeat in Castiel’s voice, hates that there is sadness in his eyes. He reaches out, touches Castiel briefly.
? Or that one there —” He swung his hand around, sloshing beer. “— isn’t it shaped somewhat like a trireme?”
Dean was careful and solicitous in the morning, touching Castiel constantly (though never in one of the forbidden places), talking gently, asking if he was okay, and Castiel was torn between wrapping himself in Dean's love and care and flogging himself for being a burden. He opted for responding to Dean as if he was doing the former while sinking into the guilt of the latter.
Castiel makes a small noise, like a wounded bird. He twitches in Dean’s arms, but Dean holds him closer and rushes on. “I lied, because I was too afraid to tell you the truth, that you weren’t my brother because you were more than that. I was afraid to tell you even there, at the end, that I…I…” Dean’s throat closes; he can barely breathe, much less speak, and it takes him a long moment before he can find his way back.
Dean came up behind and put his arms around Castiel's waist. He was careful, these days, not to stray into forbidden territory, forbidden not by discussion or explanation, but by flinching and recoiling: the shudder of reluctant flesh. Castiel hated pushing Dean away, especially in such a stupid, passive-aggressive way, but there was no remedy, no way to allow him to touch those places Castiel found so strange and ugly and alien.
They left the store two hours later, having spent, much to Castiel's alarm, at least half his little nest egg (the one he'd been saving for a new computer): not one, but two pairs of “modern cut” men's jeans and a belt to keep them from gapping at the waist, four casual short-sleeved men's shirts, one more formal long-sleeve, an Iron Man t-shirt (“Face it, Cas – you
“How did you find me?” Dean asks, wondering why he hadn’t asked before. A lot of things seem to slip away from him here.
Dean grinned. “I thought that looked new.” He wrapped an arm around Castiel's shoulders and kissed his temple. “You crack me up, nerd-girl.”
“Just as well,” Charlie said with a careless wave of her hand. “Dean's got redneck and stud down already, and you don't want to compete.”
) down on the table with a little sigh. “Welp, that does me for tonight,” he said, stretching and cracking his back. Castiel winced in sympathy. “I gotta get up at five ack emma, and you said you still had a piece of furniture to bring up from storage?”
The sounds of the house washed over him, white noise drowning his thoughts, but even through his haze of grief something worried at the back of his mind, something out of place. He raised his head, not just hearing, now, but
it.” He peered into the bag. “It's just something of a shock. I suppose I really haven't thought of some of the more material consequences of this whole . . . thing.”
Castiel’s eyes go wide. “I got chills, man,” Dean continues, “though I didn’t remember Amara then. But now…” He looks at Castiel as if he has never really seen him properly before. He looks at that beautiful, careworn,
It was hard work, though—harder than Castiel had been expecting; for all his smiles and easy banter, Dean was evasive about his own life, deflecting (usually successfully) the conversation back to Castiel when things threatened to get too personal. It was only when Castiel started to ask about the younger brother that Dean dropped his defenses and became voluble, praising and teasing in equal measure, and his obvious love for and pride in Sam just made him
Dean turns slowly, and there it is, a gash in the air, a dark wound in the bright world, not black but dark, dark red, like venous blood. The lips of the gash are quivering.
They sat for a long moment, no questions, no answers, just holding each other, until the timer announced that the garlic bread was ready. Slowly, blinking as if coming out into the sun from a cave, Castiel untangled himself from Dean, and they both stood and headed for the kitchen. Castiel chopped the lettuce and prepared the Parmesan while Dean sliced the leftover chicken. They ate quietly, Castiel asking about Dean's day, Dean answering briefly, but otherwise they kept their words and thoughts to themselves.
was both flattering and exhilarating. Emboldened by his new perspective, he was able to work past his own nervousness and begin to ask Dean questions about
“You'll live,” Dean said heartlessly. There was the sound of the tap going on and off, then Dean began to press on the wound with something soft and damp. “Scalp wounds bleed like motherfuckers…” He moved the cloth away and probed at the spot with strong fingers. Castiel yelped, half in pain, half in irritation at Dean's casual sadism. “…but this is just a scrape, really. You'll have a little bump, a little cut, but you don't need stitches or anything. I don't even think you need urgent care.” He pressed the cloth back in position. “Here, hold this for a bit; the bleeding should stop soon. I'm going to see if I can scare up some ice.”
Castiel is not looking at him, but at something over Dean’s shoulder. “There,” he says. His voice is oddly flat.
Castiel turned away abruptly and stared out the window, ambushed once again by his insecurities. All the questions he's asked himself for the last month or more started crashing their way through his head: How could this happen? What did it mean? Why now? And perhaps most importantly, how could he do this to Dean?
Castiel rolled his eyes. “I've been married to 'that man' for thirteen years,” he said flatly. “I think I might have noticed if he had any . . . bisexual tendencies.”
Charlie's expression shifted, became puzzled, soft, and intent. “What were you afraid of, Cas? I mean, I know you don't like crowds and stuff, but I never thought of you as a
Castiel blotted his nose with a new, unmutilated napkin. “I know, I know,” he groaned. “I've been trying to figure out how to do it. How to approach him, how to lead into it, but I can't decide.”
Dean stared at him for a moment, then laughed again, a deeper, fuller laugh, and Castiel’s stomach gave up on swooping and decided to drop right down to his knees. “You crack me up, dude,” Dean said, clapping Castiel on the shoulder. He glanced at his watch and sighed. “Oh, well, better move my ass,” he said cheerfully. “I get paid by the job, not the hour.” He winked before turning away, leaving Castiel feeling befuddled and not a little aroused.
Castiel, who had been floating on endorphins and awe, startled and opened his eyes to stare down at the top of Dean’s head. “What?” he said stupidly.
to the end to make it look like a girl's name. So I'll just be plain C-A-S-T-I-E-L now, not C-A-S-T-I-E-L-L-E.”
Charlie shrugged and pursed her lips. “I dunno, Cas. Maybe you only saw what you thought you should see. Or what Dean thought you should see.”
Castiel stepped out of the shower and walked to the big mirror in the bedroom, dropping the towel along the way. It had been a long time; Castiel didn't much like looking in the mirror these days, especially not the full-length one. Especially not naked.
Castiel fussed with the book, feeling strangely awkward. “No, it's all right,” he murmured. “Sometimes I get…focused on a thing and lose track of my surroundings.”
If he'd had a choice, he certainly wouldn't have chosen this, not now, not ever. Why would he? The very question was bizarre. Still, he couldn't help feeling that he was in the wrong somehow, that he could undo this if he only tried hard enough. And then the world would turn right side up again, and he'd never have to tell Dean, and everything would be just like it always had been. That was what he wanted . . . wasn't it?
A warm hand landed on his shoulder, and Castiel looked up into confused green eyes. “Cassie?” Dean said. “What? I mean, babe – your
asleep. He even woke up some mornings with a smile on his face, amazed and grateful at the reprieve.
The first mover shrugged and flexed a well-toned bicep as he shifted his grip on the box, apparently unconsciously. Maybe. “Yeah, that's what your sister said,” he muttered. The other man laughed shortly. “Don't you worry, Mr. Novak,” green-eyes said more loudly, turning to flash Castiel a disarming grin. “You're the boss; we'll get ‘er done.”
“What, you don’t think you can do it?” Castiel was just loose enough from the beer and good company to feel comfortable with a little teasing. “Mr. Professional Mover?”
He felt like the ground had fallen out beneath his feet, but he didn't fall, his stomach light and giddy as he floated mid-air. “But Dean . . . all your exes. All your stories . . .” He blinked back sudden tears – of anger? joy? relief? – and suppressed a hysterical giggle. “Why didn't you
Castiel smiles, that little, private smile he gets sometimes when he thinks he knows something Dean doesn’t. “Of course not. Although I appreciate its role in ‘getting us off our asses,’ this place is terrible beyond words.”
Sam stood with a small grunt and a sigh. “Do you need anything?” he asked at last, gently. “You hungry? You haven’t eaten since —”
Castiel had anticipated was a cool distancing. But once Sam got over his surprise, he burst into dimples and drew Castiel into a rib-creaking hug, and both he and Amelia gave him their joyful congratulations, just as Charlie had. Little Bobby had simply nodded, hazel eyes solemn as only a six-year-old's could be and squeezed his hand. Emma, a
Dean grimaced sympathetically. “I feel ya, man. I spent most of my childhood hopping from one place to another. Moving sucks.” His face brightened suddenly. “Hey, why don't I hang out with you for a while, maybe help you unpack a little? Then later we could grab some dinner at a place I know down the street—cheap beer, good pizza, darts, pool. You know, get you acquainted with your new neighborhood. Whattaya say, huh?”
He lurched to his feet, shuddering and chattering. The bathroom. There was a bathtub there, wasn’t there? No heat in the furnace, but there was heat in the pipes. He staggered through the door. Yes. Nice big tub. His hand shook as he turned on the water, hot as he could stand.
Dean nudged his brother's shoulder. “Ah, you know you love it, Sasquatch.” Dean turned to his sister-in-law. “Hey, Amelia. You still hanging out with this loser?”
They spent the rest of Sunday quietly; after the rush of emotion at brunch, Castiel felt drained and lethargic – even joy has its emotional toll – and Dean seemed just as happy play the domestic house-husband. Castiel took a nap when they got home, getting up a couple hours later to plant himself on the couch with a book as Dean wandered in and out on his own business. They ate leftovers for dinner, quietly, with very little conversation, and afterwards Dean read a couple of shorter stories from
It seemed like he never slept any more, though of course he did. It was just that it took so long to get to sleep nowadays, so much happening in his head before he could drop off, that he sometimes felt that he had been up all night even when he'd managed five or six hours.
Castiel cocked his head to one side. “You do, too, Charlie,” he chided. “Remember when you hacked into Arch Coal and 'donated' ten thousand dollars of their money to the Nature Conservancy?”
Dean made a small throat-clearing noise, and Castiel blinked. “Oh, these are just my reference books. For work. I'm a translator. I translate texts for people. From other languages. Freelance.” God, now he was babbling.
he wanted to believe it, but no matter what Charlie said about sex, he knew it wasn't that easy. Sexual orientation was a fundamental thing – how could he ask Dean to go against his? Was it even possible? “But, Dean . . . I'm a
he was beautiful. “Oh, Cas, what would you do without me?” He took half of his sandwich and pushed it front of Castiel on his napkin, then dug into his bag for a banana, which he peeled, broke in half, and likewise shared. “Dean,” Castiel said in some alarm, “you can't…”
“You know, Cas,” Dean said lazily, stroking Castiel’s stomach, fingers whispering across his hipbones, down his thighs, “you have a really pretty cock.”
They all crowded on the landing in front of Castiel's apartment. Castiel fumbled with the keys – why hadn't he left the door unlocked? He wasn't in Chicago anymore, for godssake.
It was Dean, standing in the doorway, a fond smile on his face. “Hey babe – not to say that the view ain't awesome, but it's time to get dressed. We don't wanna be late.”
Castiel pulled down the passenger-side sun visor and frowned at himself in the makeup mirror. When he'd seen the style taking shape in the barbershop mirror, he'd been excited; he thought he'd actually
“I can,” Castiel confirmed. He yawned. “Though I don’t think I have the energy to demonstrate right now,” he said. “Maybe next time.” Dean brightened at that, like a kid who’d found an extra present under the Christmas tree, and Castiel, who’d hardly realized what he’d said, felt his stomach shiver in nervous anticipation.
Dean's throat closed, and he felt his eyes begin to sting. He'd had no idea. He'd come up with any number of theories for their waning love life – blaming himself for being pushy and oversexed, blaming the differences between male and female biology – but he never imagined that the reason Cas had had been turning away was because he hated himself and his body so much. How could Dean have missed it? Why hadn't he tried to do something? “Oh, babe,” he breathed.
to. It's been selfish of me to keep this all in when it affected you as well as me.” He took a long, long breath. “Do you remember, when we were first talking about, well, everything that's happened, that I said that for the past few years I'd been feeling kind of . . . sexless?”
someone happy – all you can do is be wonderful and loving and perfect and hope the other person has the strength to meet you halfway.” He leaned in and up, touching his forehead to Dean's. “It's not your fault if they can't, you know,” he murmured. “There are so many things beyond your control, love; you can't save
They fall into each other, then, like two galaxies colliding, the heat of a thousand billion suns, but so slow and vast that Dean has time to feel every shift of skin against skin, every touch and stroke and press, to taste every molecule of sweat, saliva, and come. He takes Castiel in completely, and Castiel expands and fills him to the edges and corners. When he is full to bursting, Dean turns and pours himself into Castiel until Castiel cries out Dean’s name like God proclaiming
be thinking of dinner, and there were dozens of other household tasks he'd been putting off the last couple days.
Charlie gave him a quizzical look. “Oh? Well, that's okay. Not everyone wants to do physical transitioning, I guess. But you should definitely get some new clothes. You'll feel like a new man!”
Sam prodded the edges of the cut, pursing his lips. “Well, you don’t need stitches at least,” he muttered as he dabbed hydrogen peroxide on the wound and applied butterfly bandages to keep it closed. Dean didn’t flinch. He didn’t feel it.
starting from scratch, dude, “ she said reasonably. “And some of it was on sale. All in all, I think you got a really good deal considering how much stuff you got.”
Castiel looked down at the ground, his face a mix of emotions, though the smile lingered. “Yes,” he said. “Oh, yes.”
“Hey there, Mr. Novak,” the young god before him said brightly. If he noticed that Castiel was staring at him, gaping like a stunned fish, he gave no sign. “Got all your stuff for ya. Transfer company dropped it off yesterday, an' Benny and me, we made sure it was all here. Should be nothin' missing. You ready to go?”
“That's nice and vague,” Charlie pouted, “but I guess it'll do for a start. Now, the easy stuff will be shirts and accessories, so maybe we ought to stick to that for now.”
it. Castiel had met Benny first, with his clipboard and sad eyes and slow, soft, southern drawl. Castiel was checking to see that all was correct with the paperwork when he was aware of another person coming around the side of the van, quickly, with a certain swagger that put his defenses up at once. He wasn't in Chicago anymore—he was in
Things went a little differently IRL, the biggest thing being that my husband, unlike Dean here, is not bi. Not the tiniest bit. 99.999999% het, poor man. So, yeah, he had his sexual identity panic . . . and he got over it.
He slept very badly that night, but the next morning, when Dean greeted him with a joke and a kiss and his famous pancakes, Castiel wondered if perhaps it might be best to just accept this new gift, to let Dean be happy and not fret over the past.
When they'd all finished their food, Dean stood and stretched (showing another flash of bare stomach, damn him!). “Welp, back to the grind, guys. But first, lemme see that head, Cas.” Castiel pulled the sodden shirt away from his head, let Dean poke at his skull with rough yet gentle fingers.
Dean lay back on the bed. It was the one Kelly had died in, the one Jack had been born in, he supposed. He tried to think of them, to feel sorrow for the one’s death or anger for the other’s birth. He tried to bring Kelly’s face to his mind, her wide green eyes, her sometimes shy smile, but he couldn’t. He even tried to picture Jack, fresh-faced and confused, not looking anything like the son of Satan, damn him. But all he saw was light. Blue-white light streaming, pouring
They lay quietly for a while, Dean tracing loops and curves on Castiel’s skin, Castiel’s arm around Dean’s shoulder. Castiel’s mind drifted over the eventful day, going where it would. He thought of the first sight of those green eyes, the sliver of skin exposed when Dean raised his arms, the (definite) flirting. Dean helping him unpack. Beer and darts. Music in the bar—it was an oldies station, and he suddenly remembered one song in the mix, and he smiled.
a little, and Dean had grabbed him around the waist and swung him around the room to the whoops of all their friends, and looking into Dean's grinning face, he realized what had changed. That up to this point, for years and years, perhaps for their entire marriage, Dean had been
he wanted that), but because the idea that this careful, gentle person could possibly be interested in
“Good,” Sam says grimly. He scoops up the woman’s gun, and after some rummaging in a side table, handcuffs her to a pillar. He doesn’t make her comfortable.
when he’d been leaning against the Impala, staring into the hard, blue, Kansas sky, seeing whales and Viking ships and smiling into his beer.
Castiel had opened his mouth to speak, though he had not the slightest idea what he was going to say, when Dean's face split into a wide grin. “Hey, it looks
Castiel's eyebrows arched in surprise. “Well, those have been translated any number of times, but yes, some of the manuscripts and fragments I've worked on have come from similar time periods.”
Dean swore, loudly and colorfully, and turned to survey the damage. “Shit!” he reiterated and drew his hand over his jaw and sighed. “Sorry, Cas, I’ll get this cleaned right—oh, hey! DVDs!”
So, okay . . . this is pretty autobiographical. Most of Cas' concerns and fears are ones I have hashed out in my own mind at one time or another, though they've been expanded here for Drama and Conflict. The story of how Cas came to his realization is almost exactly the same as mine, and some of Cas and Charlie's conversation is lifted almost verbatim from conversations I have had with friends, family, and/or my therapist.
After the long trudge up three, no, four, flights of stairs Dean was tired and in no mood to deal with any of the MacLeods. Dean sat in the back of the class, waiting for Benny. The southern boy was sitting down next to him just as the bell rang. The red head at the front of the classroom looked about as terrible as the students in front of her.
“No, it’s just the one little spot, nothing to worry about, it should heal up in a few days.” He quickly replied.
Dean loved every second of it and started to loosen Cas’s tie. The teacher crawled on top of him and kissed down Dean’s already naked body. He reached Dean’s hardening member and took it in. Dean gasped and sat up in the dark room he was in with Benny by his side.
When Dean woke up it was around 5. He made a system for himself on weekends that he had to work. 8 hours of sleep. Maybe 8-and-a-half if he was lucky. Today was not one of those days. His alarm went off and he paid no mind, but just a few minutes later there was a loud slam of the front door. He was on his feet in seconds to check Sam’s room. When his little brother wasn’t there his stomach dropped.
His teacher’s blue eyes looked up at him and the air escaped his lungs. His hair was not gelled in place like usual, it was messy and cute. His usual trench coat lay beside him on the bench, but instead of a button-up and tie he was wearing a tight black t-shirt. The jeans caught him completely by surprise though, Dean completely forgot he was working and not scoping out someone to hook up with.
“I think you have some drool there Dean-o.” Charlie stifled a laugh. Dean wiped at his chin and sure enough he had been. His face turned red immediately, hopefully Cas had not noticed. Dean liked the sound of Gabriel’s nickname on Charlie’s lips though, it was friendly and fun.
Dean   [Hey! Just saw this, I’m getting off work at 8:30, just so you know, I’ll be there around 9 then]
The brothers spent the rest of the morning laughing and looking back on the strange habits of their father. The very concept of him being kind to his sons seemed confusing to them. In the meantime Dean whipped up some eggs and toaster waffles for them to eat. He called Lisa to apologize and explain, to which they had another little chuckle.
“Don’t worry about it kid, you have every right to protect what you love.” Castiel smiled at him endearingly.
It wasn’t long after that, that they all packed up and left. At least they tipped well, Dean thought to himself that Lisa probably had something to do with that. She hung back behind the other cheer leaders to say goodbye to him personally. She looked a little sad, like she knew what was happening to Dean, like she knew that he was so lost at the moment and just kept going anyway.
Benny added another finger and thrust his fingers faster, deeper. The brunette arched his back. Soon enough, his member was fully hard and  was leaking pre-cum on the ruffled bed.
The wind whipping past his jacket had calmed him since he started riding two years ago, he figured a bike was cheaper than a car so he better learn how to ride. It calmed him to be riding. He was in control when he was driving, he liked being in control wherever he could get it, that’s why he loved being the captain of the football team and the lacrosse team. He had a handle on his players and himself when he was in the game.
His bike locked up and forgotten as the smell of burgers took over Dean’s nostrils. He couldn’t wait for his shift meal, granted that was at 11, which was three hours from now. Grabbed a card and clocked in on the old machine which clicked and wrote his arrival time on it, 7:45 PM. It didn’t take long for Ellen to notice him walking over to the bar.
“Sounds good boss!” Dean whirred away to Ash and Jo letting them know he was picking up tables one through four.
“As if! Don’t worry you won’t catch me caring about you again!” She huffed. “What time do you have to leave?”
"AAhh~!" While lost in thought, Benny took his hands away as Dean felt two fingers moving around his ass, look for his prostate. They felt so slippery and easily spread his hole, the simulation was enough to make him hard again.
Dean arched his back and released a shaky moan of pleasure. "P-please suck f-faster Benny!” His voice was soon muffled by a hot kiss that left his lips red and puffy. The brunette looked down and watched as this man’s mouth sucked more and more of his cock, nearly choking every time he lowered his head. A burning sensation in his gut made him want to release his cum into the hot wet mouth.
The rest of the day went off without a hitch. He saw Lisa at practice and threw a wink her way. Dean did not mean to but he was starting to pull away from Benny. There was maybe just too much happening in his life to support a massive crush and a ‘some-strings-attached’ relationship. Lisa had sparked something in him and made him want to focus on one person at a time and right now that person was Castiel Novak.
“Alright, I have to work tonight, I’m dropping you off and I will be grabbing my stuff to head out as soon as possible.” Dean sighed, “Will you be okay alone?”
After her announcement Dean checked out of class, he was already fluent in Spanish, he was only in this class because a language was required for three years to graduate. Going between thinking about his AP European History teacher and his new Spanish teacher proved overwhelming. He took the necessary notes and finished the handout before class was over. Spanish was not looking too bad for the rest of the semester.
“Bye Jessica, your dad is just outside.“ Dean smiled. He walked away so they could say goodbye. He promptly eves dropped, though all he heard was an awkward goodbye, a ‘see you at school,’ and a kiss. The door closed and Dean snickered around the corner.
During class today they were assigned an in-class project. Dean did not mind projects, but this one, a self-portrait was not his favorite. There was a twist though, one half had to be how you see yourself while the other had to consist of how your friends may see you.
He was under a car doing an oil change when he heard a familiar voice. He nearly hit his head while getting out of his position. Since it was getting more into the fall the heat was usually on in the garage. The heat mant Dean was in a take-up and covered in grease. He brushed his hands on his jeans before walking towards this voice.
He slid it off his arms and exposed his upper half. There were a few more of the same circular burn marks up his arms. There was a large bruise across his ribs that was yellowing, indicating it was a few days old. On his shoulder Cas could see a small cut that led to more on his back. He stood and walked around Dean like a predator stalking its prey. Inspecting his back which was also filled with scars, but they looked more like a whip, a belt. The teacher reached out instinctively to touch one of the old scars which made Dean’s entire body twitch with anxiety.
“Hey!” He said awkwardly, bringing the attention to himself. The two men looked over and just stared, waiting for him to say something else. Dean just stood there nervously, fiddling with the hem of his tank top.
Mr. Novak wrote out a pass for him, “Come see me after school, okay?” Dean could tell he his story was not going to fly with his history teacher. He nodded his head quickly and scurried out of the classroom and down the stairs to the culinary rooms. He put his pass on Mrs. Klein’s desk and found Charlie.
"Actually can we watch Dr. Sexy?" Dean said somewhat nervously, instinctually looking over his shoulder for John.
Panic set in when the bathroom was empty too. Dean rushed down the stairs to find a drunk John stumbling in the kitchen to get another beer. He knew his father had to drive home in the car which made him irrationally angry. He continued looking around the house for Sam, but only came upon empty rooms.
“Well, A. I didn’t say that you should date her, just that you would like her ‘vibes.’ B. Let me finish, you’ll have your turn.” Dean huffed at her. “Anyway, the party was good, I almost beat Crowley in beer-pong, but I didn’t want to humiliate him in his own home. Uhh, then Benny and I had some great drunk sex-”
When they had enough tickets they took them to the little shop to exchange for prizes. Both of the boys got little stuffed animals for each other and candies that would rot their teeth. Dean’s gaze wandered across the whole arcade. This time he was sure he saw his teacher.
“That coffee definitely sounds good, when are you free?” He asked after she had a minute to let his words sink in. It seemed that she snapped out of a little daze of her own when he asked.
Dean was too busy finishing off the salad Sam left to answer. He opted to grab the keys and shrug while chewing. “I was thinking that arcade in town?”
“Hey mom,” Charlie said, knocking on the door lightly before pushing it open. “Is it okay if we eat with you?”
Another punch and John’s left fist was just as strong as his right. The uppercut sent Dean falling onto the coffee table followed by him slumping to the floor.
“Y’know people aren’t my favorite, it took me a little while to warm up to her. But we were both new, so it was easier to work together rather than against each other.”
“Oh, nice, you guys getting back together?” Sam asked on the other end of the phone. Dean was lost in the moment with Lisa as they stood there smiling at one another.
Dean [Hey, I don’t even get a goodbye now? How about “Wow Dean you’re the best big brother ever, I love you!”]
Bobby stayed at the desk while Castiel led Dean to his car. When Dean laid eyes on the same gold pimp-mobile " he saw at The Roadhouse he started to laugh. “This… this is your car? Of course this is your car.”
“I make a really good Malibu Sunset, I think that’s the fruitiest thing I can think of. And we have a single malt Johnny Walker 30 years, will that do?” He winked and smiled.
Sam thought about it for a minute while he was finishing chewing. “Yeah I should be fine, I’ll probably have Amy or someone pick me up.”
The engine  rolled over and Dean backed out of the driveway. The soccer game started at 7 so Dean watched them warm up for around an hour. He even kicked the ball around before everyone got there. While Dean hated lying to Sam, he usually did it so his little brother wouldn’t worry about him. He had work at eight, but there was definitely a party that he would be going to after. Benny had texted him about a get together at Crowley’s house. As awful as he and his mother were, they had money and lots of it.
“To be honest, I completely forgot she was here. I was headed home to see you, when I saw her dad's car in the driveway." Dean said, his mischievous grin fading to a brotherly smile.
“I’ll take a … whatever the fruitiest drink you can think of is, and my speechless brother over there will take a double scotch neat, top shelf, well aged..” The man across from his teacher responded with the same pep in his voice. Dean was just the tiniest bit relived that this cute brunette was related to Mr. Novak and was not his date. Partially because he thought both men were ridiculously attractive but also when he walked over, there was a pang of jealousy in the back of his mind.
“Listen you don’t have to like it but you do have to wear it. I refuse to let you get hurt, especially on my bike.” Dean set him straight and he put it on. Dean got on first and Sam hopped on the back.
Benny called next to which Dean was slightly worried. He was good at pong but he also didn’t want Crowley to hate him anymore than he already does. They hopped on the table and started to play. It was fun and pretty intense if he was being honest. The first round they got balls back and Crowley sneered at Dean. A few rounds had passed and Dean went for the bounce and made it. The crowd that had surrounded them were half on Crowley’s side and half on Dean’s side, old captain versus the new. They all erupted with noise as Azazel took away two cups. It was finally down 2-3. Although Dean was in the lead, he knew he could not win, mostly because it was Crowley’s house. He purposely threw his next shot and the next round they won. Though the gloating was almost intolerable he let them take the win, Dean didn’t need to prove anything. Benny squeezed his hand knowingly and smiled warmly at Dean.
“No, I don’t think so, I think it’s better than that.” Dean said simply. “Call or text when you need me to pick you up, or if anything goes wrong I’ll be there.”
He moved his arms out in front of him for them to see his scars, feeling not so ashamed all of a sudden. This was his territory and there was nothing his teacher could do. But when he looked over there was this sad, worried look on Castiel’s face, he couldn’t help but but his arms behind his back.
The flashbacks are in italics. Let me know how the exponential time worked for you guys, could you keep up and did you like it?
Benny’s sultry voice became quiet while licking back up to Dean’s neck. The bottom boy’s legs were soon propped up on the other’s broad shoulders for easier access to the pretty pink asshole. Benny quickly slid a condom on before surprising Dean— be safe kids!
“Can I take these for Sam?” Dean asked kindly, swallowing his last bite of crust. He had been checking his watch periodically for the last 20 minuet while they ate. He figured he had to leave the Bradbury’s by 6, 6:10 at the latest to get to the middle school on time and back home before John had to take the car, to the bar of course.
"It's Cas now is it Mister Winchester?” Castiel punctuated his student’s last name. The nickname did sound good though , not many of his colleagues found it easy to pronounce his name. Maybe Meg’s name would catch on. As long as it was not ‘Cassie’ as Gabriel insisted on calling him.
“Hi Dean! My baby brother here was telling me how you’re his student?” The brunette who now had a name asked him this seemingly simple question, yet he felt like there was a trick or a trap or something.
“C’mon, just because I’m gay doesn’t mean that every girl is attractive to me.” Charlie interjected.
“Alright slugger” Dean laughed it off. “Imma go get ready for work and I’ll be gone until two, if anything goes wrong call me, if I don’t pick up, call the RoadHouse.”
“Ahh, the great Charlie Bradbury speechless at the likes of me? This is one for the books.” Dean taunted as he pushed past her. This house felt like home to him, more home than his house where his father lived.
Wednesday Dean was still working at the auto shop in the afternoon, but the morning was spent doing any and all work that he got over their long weekend. Though it was not much work it took him a few hours to get through all the subjects. Math was advancing quickly and he was finding it hard to keep up with all the formulas. English was an easy 250 word response about Jane Austen. The history reading he was saving for when it was undoubtedly boring tonight alone at the shop. No science and no Spanish for the week.
Castiel turned around and met a slouched insecure boy, the total opposite from what he was used to seeing in class and in the hallways.
“What was up with those guys earlier? The whole bathroom situation?” Dorothy inquired, trying not to be too pushy.
“My least favorite class definitely has to be Math. Dr. Finnerman, it’s so weird that he forces us to call him Doctor. I’ve definitely seen him checking out some of the girls in my class.”
Dean laughed and blushed at the words. He then heard a loud thud under the table which must have been Castiel’s retaliation from earlier.
The feeling of stubble prickled his hand again and the boy brought it to his lips. Eyes fluttered shut and Castiel’s face was next to his again. They were laying down like they were in the school hallway, but the ground was soft. The ground shifted from the floor to a fluffy bed.
The bell in the kitchen rang loud and clear and he went back there to grab the food. Of course it just had to be nachos and mozzarella sticks for table two.
“Hey Dean!” His co-worker who usually works the graveyard with him said, startling him out of his daze.
“Sorry, Sir. I was at the diner in town. I didn’t think you would need the car back so early.” Dean replied clearly and respectfully.
“No, you can keep it for emergencies, I suppose.” Castiel said and immediately started to blush. Dean’s stomach did a flip at the smile that was on his teacher’s face. His mind flashed to his car and the back seat and him looking down on Cas. He pulled himself out of his fantasy and responded quickly.
Though he would never admit to anyone he always uses exclamation points in texts with his brother because he loved him.
A loud growl from his stomach snapped him back to reality and Charlie snorted with laughter. “You wanna take a pizza break?” She said in between laughs.
“I know, Dean. I know.” She said returning the stare while he teared up a little bit. He pulled away and wiped his eyes before any tears could fall.
“Oh yeah, big plans that involve me getting in my bed with my weighted blanket for at /least/ 8 hours.”
He proceeded to walk up to the door and unlock it. “HONEY, I'm home!" He all but shouted. There were muffled voices in the living room. Then the two kids appeared looking rather disheveled. Dean chuckled, he could see a dark hickey on Sam’s neck. There was another very clear hickey on Jessica’s neckline.
“I’ve been good, I’m finally cheer captain, so not too bad” She looked up and smiled at him. He missed her and that look made him remember that she must feel the same way.
Lunch went back and forth on Dean’s radar. On days that he could bring food he was happy to hang with his friends, but days that he could not made him wonder if anyone noticed. He could not get that stupid ‘free-reduced lunch’ because someone would have caught on to John. When he did not bring food he scarcely had extra money to buy food — every cent that he made went away towards the first few months rent on a new apartment. Even if they did not notice, his teammates would give him bags of chips here and there, but they never knew the extent of Dean’s struggle. In their defense he did a very good job at hiding it.
“She kissed me! That's the best part. I wasn’t sure if we were just hanging out because of Dungeons and Dragons, but I guess not!” Charlie squealed. “I’m happy for you too. You and Benny seem really good. Any Lisa drama?”
“Listen, I’m not saying it’s good for me, just saying I love it.” The teenager cracked a smile, soon after he broke into a coughing fit. There was definitely more blood coming up. He spit out the window and started to silently cry again, the pain taking over.
“Okay everyone, start to work on tomorrow's homework. If I see a phone I will write you up.” Dr. Finnerman stated loudly for the whole class to hear. There were some heavy signs, but they were pretty used to their anal teacher by now. Dean grabbed the work he had just put away. He got three or four questions done out of 10, when the bell rang. He would have to finish the rest before practice today if he wanted to stay on top of all his homework.
“Hah! He’s not so little anymore. He’s going to be taller than me soon, but don’t tell him that. He got really into soccer actually, he’s looking good to make captain next year, as a freshman.” Dean said with stars in his eyes, the way he always did when he talked about his baby brother. Sammy was his pride and joy.
“That sounds good.”  Dean sniffled. His phone pressed to his ear he could hear the man on the other end of the phone moving around.
It was not until Benny let out a disgruntled noise that they stopped in fear of getting called out. Dean’s mood shifted quickly and the southern boy took notice. There was a response on his phone.
Just as Charlie was going to respond Mr. Novak walked in with a purpose to his steps. Dean started to sweat almost immediately. Today he looked different. Usually he wore his white button up with a blue tie — he must have had a million different blue ties— a black suit jacket with matching slacks and shoes. On top of all that he wore his iconic trench coat. Today he was wearing the pants, the shirt, the tie, but the jacket and coat were over his arm. Mr. Novak draped them on his desk chair and rolled up his sleeves.
“Well, yeah that’s with studying and hard work” Dean laughed back. As he leaned forward to add a creamer into the rest of his coffee his ribs knocked against the desk and he winced.
“It’s okay Dean, nothing I’m not used to” Castiel chuckled. “Meg will be back in a minute with my coffee, then we’ll talk.” As if on queue she walked in with three cups of coffee shaking in her hand, she put down two on Cas’ desk.
His crush was getting a little out of hand though, no pun intended. Dean was jerking off almost every single night, and most mornings to just the thought of his teacher.
He responded slowly “I fall down the stairs a lot.” He tried his best to not sound sarcastic, but laughed at the end.
“Hah, yeah, I’m sorry again. Have a good day!” Dean tripped over his words and his feet as he put distance between them.
“What has been happening with you? You always space out in that class. It’s not like it’s easy or anything, so what gives De?” Charlie interrogated.
Sunday Dean took a trip to Kansas City, where one Gabriel Novak just so happened to own a bakery. He had to make it there and back before work and for Sam’s breakfast.
Today he had a ham and mayonnaise sandwich and a bag of chips someone instinctually threw his way. He laughed with his teammates, even Crowley. Lunch seemed to be the one place where all prior dispositions fell away. Benny gave him a wink from the table a little ways down, he smiled and brushed it off. The football players always left the lunchroom a few minutes early to get to their next class, or to just goof off in the hallways.
“He wants me to stay after school, he saw something on my wrist,” Dean sighed and tugged at his sleeve
He was constantly pushing past people who muttered half hearted complaints and he could not care less. After he was finished with two beers he pulled out his pack of cigarettes, which he swore he only smoked when he was drunk. The smoke rolled off his lips as he leaned against the side of the house and the door opened. All the other kids out there were smoking too so he did not look out of place. Benny just so happened to be the one that walked through the door. He did not see Dean at first and went to go talk to some other kids that were out there.
Castiel's head felt like someone had tossed it in the washer and pressed “extra spin.” “Charlie, I can't go around with – with squashed boobs,” he said, lowering his voice to a whisper on the last two words.
, and gender changes, and even sexual identity issues, weren't scary enough to make us want to put aside our life together. (Yes, I did ask if he wanted to break up. He looked at me, seriously and honestly puzzled, and said, "It never occurred to me.")
Dean looked down at their hands, mercifully withdrawing his intense gaze and giving Castiel a moment to breathe and reset his brain. “Don't get me wrong, Cassie – whatever it is, it looks like a good thing. I mean, you've been so
Castiel drops his hand,  his face and body freezing, waiting. His eyes search Dean’s. “What do you remember?”
Dean crossed his arms across his (well-developed) chest and hitched a hip on Castiel's desk. Castiel frowned; wasn't he paying this man to
For a moment, all Castiel could do was stare, his irritation shifting into wonder. He'd been prepared for denial and demands, for a long, agonizing “discussion” that would have left Dean, well, educated, at least, but Castiel raw and exposed and exhausted. And all he got was “is this what's made you happy?”
“Sooo, whatcha got there?” the mover asked again, gesturing with his head to the books above the desk. His eyes were really
Castiel laid his cheek on top of Dean's head and breathed out slowly all the worry, all the uncertainty and fear of the past two months. Of his whole life. “Dean, if any person, if any
Cas looked him in the eye, his expression shifting to that solemn, unblinking look he got when he needed to talk about Very Serious Things. Dean's stomach clenched up a little. “I want to explain, Dean, why I stopped wanting sex. I couldn't talk about it for a long time, but now I can.”
Dean squints into the distance, as if anything here in the formless light is further away or closer than anything else. As if there is any
And suddenly the air is shimmering with sound, bell-like and insistent. Dean thinks it’s the same sound as before, but louder, almost painfully so, and it sounds as if it’s speeding up, rising in pitch, sounds detaching from other sounds. Becoming words.
A creak, and Sam was crowding into the room. “What are you doing in here?” he asked in that peevish tone that told Dean he was worried but trying to hide it. In his peripheral vision he saw his brother stop and go still before surging forward and reaching for Dean’s hands.
With ribs on the menu for Saturday, Castiel decided Friday should be lighter – Caesar salad with chicken, garlic bread on the side. He'd finished the French translation for that grad student in Florida early, the garlic bread was in the oven, and the chicken was from leftovers, so he had time to relax with half a glass of wine and some swing revival on the stereo before chopping the romaine and shaving the Parmesan. He grinned to himself as Brian Setzer started in on “Jump Jive an' Wail.” He sipped his wine and started shimmying around the living room, no one to please, no one to see, just him and the music and –
Castiel opened his mouth, closed it. He felt his face heat up again and cursed his pale complexion. “Wh-what do you mean?” he asked, trying for, and utterly failing at, nonchalance.
It was glorious. Castiel was reaching climax, his wings shaking, light flickering. "You are mine… mine," he uttered as he came inside of him. Dean followed close behind.
"We could see each other again," Dean added. Castiel flicked his eyes to him, and his cheeks were reddening again. Dean coughed awkwardly, "I mean…"
"I'm preparing you." Castiel kissed Dean's entrance. His grace invaded Dean’s body as his wings caressed Dean's dick. It was weird but exciting at the same time.
He dressed up in more of Dean's clothes. Emmanuel noticed the fabric had the leader's smell on it. It had a sweet fragrance.
Castiel touched the bottles of holy oil Bobby and Sam had brought from Rufus's cabin. "This will work. I'll show how to make an angel trap," Castiel said with a determined look.
Dean didn't feel any burn, just pleasure. He started to move his hips, but Castiel placed both his hands over Dean's thighs and thrusted harder and harder, hitting that precious spot and making Dean moan louder.
Dean recognized the silhouette revealed by the moonlight coming from the small window in his cabin. It was Castiel.
Dean nodded and pursed his lips as his eyes dropped to the ground and sighed softly. He had a feeling it was going to take a while but regardless, it was time to find his friend.
"How?" Dean spreaded his arms. Anna was about to answer when Bartholomew, Uriel and Castiel appeared behind them. Anna brandished her blade instinctively.
Dean unzipped Castiel's pants and pushed them to the ground. The angel licked his lips in anticipation. Dean eyed Cas' hardness through his boxers and bit at the fabric gently. The angel drew in a breath and placed his hands on Dean's hair.
"Oh, George, this man is a traveler and his name is Dean Winchester. He’s on his way to England." Mrs. Potter said and the man showed Dean another wide smile.
Dean panted at the feeling of the unfamiliar  energy burning in his veins, sending sparks of ecstacy to every corner of his body. He was about to lose it when Castiel stood up. The angel looked stunningly beautiful with his wings and the blue light surrounding him. Castiel drifted those electric eyes to him and licked his lips before pushing his cock inside Dean's entrance.
"What is this?! What are you doing!? Release him now!" shouted Bartholomew, but it was too late. Sam jumped inside the circle with the angel blade and stabbed Zachariah in the chest. The leader died in front of his garrison's eyes.
Zachariah grimaced in disgust. "Maybe it's time to shut them down, once and for all," he said with a gleeful smile.
The scene was chaotic; there were angels fighting each other, rebels versus followers. And the rebellion was winning.
"You, you rescued me, Cas… I was surrounded by dead bodies…" Dean licked his lower lips and flicked his eyes off through his window, "I was drowning down there… trying to scream for help… it was Hell…"
"So, he doesn't remember a thing, right?" Sam asked his brother as they looked at the newcomer, now wearing Dean's clothes.
The Archangel arched his back in pain, but he didn't release Castiel. He turned his face to Dean and, raising his free hand, he threw a bolt of light.
A woman with blonde curls collected in a braid went out from the kitchen, and when she saw Dean her eyes opened wide.
Bartholomew took a couple of threatening steps forward. "You two better go home and stay out of this if you wanna keep living," he warned, then patted Uriel's chest. "Let's go."
Castiel stared at him, confused. "I could tell you the exact number of freckles you have. Why? Why do I know that?" The angel caressed Dean's face and tilted his head.
Next thing he would recall would be Castiel hitting him in the head with a candelabrum, making him lose consciousness.
Emmanuel stared at Dean's profile for a brief moment. Dean's freckles looked just like the constellations.
"Of course, Michael," Castiel replied dryly. The Archangel nodded and walked away from the white room.
"Hey, hey, stop saying that," Dean said, annoyed. "I don't belong to anyone, so stop talking bullshit." He waved his hand dismissively.
It was night already and all the soldiers were exhausted. Everyone came back to their cabins. Dean ordered watches of two persons each 3 hours. That way everyone could have some rest. He took the first watch together with Emmanuel.
Elga approached Dean, and stared at him intensely. "Yes, son. I can see a lot of things, I have that gift on me," she muttered, "What I can also see is… that you are a hunter, like us. So good to know our lineage continued."
"You showed me what really matters. Before knowing you, I was a soldier obeying my orders…" Castiel bowed his head as he tightened his grip. "But I learned about kindness, friendship, and…
The sky was full of stars, and the sight made Dean smile, as he remembered his first watch with Castiel.
"It's not not a proper breakfast, but… it's all I could get." Sam sighed, putting the things on the table and sitting down.
"Like a bond," Castiel added, and somehow, Dean could describe sparkles of hope in his eyes. It made Dean's grin grow even more.
Once inside the carriage, Dean couldn't stop staring at him. Castiel watched the landscape through the window and from time to time, he mentioned something about weather and trees and breeze, and the only thing Dean could answer was with a dumb smile or humming.
George nodded, "Perfect, you can take one of our guests' rooms upstairs and we will be out first thing in the morning!" George clapped his hands, looking at the food on the table with lascivious eyes.
"That night I went to the Church because I felt a little disturbed…" Castiel explained, "There were nights I woke up as if someone was calling me," Castiel made a pause and he continued, "My house is too cold, and too big. Sometimes I feel someone is watching me. And those voices at night are… well… I went to the Church for an answer and I found you," their eyes met, "Could that be a ghost?"
Dean gave Emmanuel a shotgun. "They're falling in the woods. We'll go first. Come on," the leader ordered and Emmanuel followed him.
After breakfast, they came back to fishing. And Castiel was the lucky one. Dean ran to help him and that fish was really big and strong. Both men were fighting with the rod, until the line broke and they fell to the ground. Dean and Cas ended up sitting in the grass, Dean behind him, the heat of their bodies were too overwhelming. They remained like that for a few seconds. Dean could feel his dick twitching.
"So, how did your family find you?" Dean asked. There was still that little matter about Castiel's wife and parents claiming him as
He found Castiel asking for him, George wheeled around  when Dean arrived by their side, "Cas? What's wrong?"
The carriage arrived at Dean's house and stopped. Dean opened the door, and Castiel rushed some words, "I had a good time, Dean." Dean almost fell as he heard his name again coming out from Castiel's lips.
Dean side-eyed him for a moment, and then he chuckled. "Well… there's nothing extraordinary about me…you know," he muttered, embarrassed.
"Campbells?" Dean echoed, and then he vaguely recalled the old stories his father used to tell him when he was a kid about their british ancestors. "Yes, they're my family, my mother's maiden name is Campbell. Where can I find them?"
"I don't have my sources anymore, because Zachariah and Uriel murdered them all, but… all I know is that there's more going on than just trying to stop the Apocalypse." She sighed. “That's why we need Castiel…"
"No! No! Stay away from me!" he yelled, taking his shotgun and pointing at the angel. "You lied to me." Dean spoke in a hushed tone, a hint of disappointment in his gaze.
"What do you mean?" Dean muttered, aroused, "What are you doing? S-stop...ahhhhh." Dean couldn't think clearly past his desire to be fucked by Castiel. It was the only thing he wanted.
"What did you do?" A confused Dean touched his chest in pain, as he locked his eyes on the enemy in front of him.
Dean side-eyed his friend, and Castiel could feel his insistent glare on him, the angel sighed, "He summoned me once, for…
"Maybe I can make you remember…" Dean whispered, crossing the line between angel and human, erasing the gap between their lips. He kissed him sweetly, hungrily. Castiel echoed him with passion.
Dean approached him slowly., "When you rescued me… from Hell… you claimed my soul." Dean explained. Castiel didn't move. They were inches from each other again, and Dean couldn't explain why.
They arrived in London, and the man pointed him to the Campbells residence at the side of the road. The city was huge since Dean had never been there, and he had never been there in the Regency era. So, he knew he had to be very discrete and meticulous.
Hi! Time for some more Geraskier. Written for Writersmonth 2021. Day 11: Glass. Setting: "Royalty AU".
The angel straightened, and the cold, empty, obedient soldier glare returned. "Do not call me anymore. You and your brother — we don't need you." And without further ado, he left.
Dean couldn't sleep last night, kept up by thinking about Cas. Not just Castiel, but the sensations the angel made him feel.
"I think the kid grew up after all." After saying this, Rufus chuckled and wheeled around. He found Emmanuel staring at him with a curious frown. "Who is this?" Rufus asked, perplexed.
But before that, Emmanuel took a shower. It felt really weird the sensation of water running down his skin, as if he never had experienced that. The same had happened when he tried to eat.
"Stop calling me like that!" Emmanuel exclaimed and a bright light came out from his body. A pair of black wings appeared on his back and spread majestically. The light disintegrated the angel. Dean fell to the ground coughing as he watched Emmanuel turning into a beautiful angel in front of his eyes.
"Yes, that's a good idea. We can do that and also ask around for a newcomer in the city." George smiled at Dean and patted his shoulder.
"What's wrong?" Dean could read that face even with his eyes closed. More than his big brother, Dean had been Sam's mother and father.
"Yes, I was about to reunite a force against them when they found two more vessels for Michael and Lucifer," explained Castiel.
Be nice, I know almost nothing about ABO! (Shame on me!) But I really hope you enjoy this few words!
"I can't. I won't let those sons of a bitches pull you away from me. We're friends," Dean insisted. He swallowed. "They have two more vessels for Michael and Lucifer, don't they?"
"Oh, that would be kind of you. Maybe when my wife isn't at home. She could be scared or she could call me crazy," Castiel chuckled and bowed his face, sheepishly.
"Dean…" Castiel called him, trying to approach him. But Dean stood up and put a hand as a boundary between them.
Another fic, this time Kim Paris X Harry Kim. Day 3, word: play, setting: historical/modern. Hope you enjoy these two dummies in love!
Dean arrived at Novak's residence and Cas was already waiting for him. The angel looked stunning. Dean felt his chest tight and how difficult it was to breath, having him smiling and talking on those clothes.
…" Castiel's voice trailed off. The angel raised his blue eyes to Dean, who struggled to catch his breath. "I wanna be part of the world you showed me, Dean."
"Of course… that's the way you called me in Crimea, am I right?" Castiel asked, dropping his gaze to his own hands on his lap. Dean had a sight of his long eyelashes.
Bartholomew and Uriel wheeled around to watch the other angels. Some of them were screaming and grasping at their heads.
Dean coughed awkwardly as he looked aways, "I…I would ask you to talk about you but… you can't remember so…"
It left a huge void inside Dean's chest. He frowned at it. Breathed again, a little more air. He was overwhelmed, trying to recover his senses.
Dean swallowed, and wheeled around, looking for Castiel. He wasn't there… maybe the angel was still unconscious, "CAS?!" He called him several times. But there was no answer.
," Castiel growled, noses almost rubbing. Cas's intoxicating aroma — like rain falling in the woods — surrounded him.
Hi! It's time for KimRis.  This fic was written for the Writersmonth.  Day 9. Word: darkness. Setting: Criminals  AU/MOB AU.
"I can kill him quickly." Dean smirked, staring at Castiel. There was a silence and then Dean put his gun on the table too and approached Castiel, "Why are you doing this?"
Dean swallowed slowly. They were inches from each other. Castiel's words were honest and full of hopes and… there was something more in those eyes.
Dean blushed slightly and cleared his throat. "Yeah, you know… kind of biblical? Even when I hate all of that I…I love that name…" he said, standing up.
They had made killing angel bullets with their angel blades, but they hadn't found yet how to kill the last Archangel.
"So, your friend is an angel?" George asked, he hadn't touched his food as Dean had finished explaining everything that happened.
"Yes," Castiel replied. "Because this is the world where you exist." The angel closed the gap between them and kissed him sweetly.
"Naomi is controlling you, and it annoys me a lot you are not seeing her dominance over you," Toth uttered, teeth clenched.
Dean gulped at the stunning sight of the angel on top of him. "Look who's talking…" he stuttered as Castiel smirked and swallowed Dean's dick in a fast movement.
Dean couldn't lie. The trip on the cart was very nice. The landscapes and the company of the old married couple made it pleasant. So, the hours traveling flew by in a flash.
" he whispered, and Dean grinned curiously. He sat up toward Castiel, who was still standing, placed his hands on Cas' strong thighs and raised his eyes to him.
Dean stood up and went to the exit and unlocked it. The intense sunlight from outside made him close his eyes. He turned around and saw both Bobby and Sam were also waking.
Dean was about to answer when Anna popped up in the back seat. "They did," she replied. Sam and Dean flinched with matching shouts of surprise.
"Where are you?" Dean whispered to himself, approaching the door behind the altar. He opened it slowly and once inside, the vampire jumped on his back. But before the monster could do anything Dean grabbed him by arm and threw him against a mirror nearby. Broken pieces of glass scattered on the ground and Dean saw the vampire was struggling to get on its feet so he took the opportunity to cut his head clean off.
Emmanuel listened to Dean with rapt attention throughout the story. He tried to find something in those words that would bring his memories back. But it was in vain.
Suddenly, he heard wings flapping, and immediately after, felt a heavy weight over him, a couple of strong hands grabbing his wrists and pushing his back against the mattress. The movement was quick, giving Dean no time to react.
Bobby and Sam put together a plan to get Castiel trapped. They needed to go to Rufus' cabin for holy oil and more provisions, so Dean stayed alone that night, preparing the sigils on all the walls. But he didn't draw the anti-angel sigils. Something was telling him he would receive a visit that night.
Suddenly, Castiel released his wrists and looked at him, panting. "Stay away from us. Don't be stupid. Protect your brother and forget about everything."
"Well, Brother, aren't you a smart bastard?" Michael mocked. He waved his hand in front of him and the fire started to die down. "But as I said, it won't be enough."
Dean pointed at him and shot, but the winged soldier avoided it. But when the angel noticed Emmanuel behind him, he stopped dead in his tracks with his eyes wide open. He seemed as if he was about to speak but Dean shot him in the armor.
Castiel was hesitating, but Dean saw a light in his eyes. The angel nodded. "Yes. We don't need you and your brother now. The Apocalypse is inevitable."
He rubbed his eyes thoughtfully, still drowning in lingering desire. He really wanted Castiel to take everything from him.
Dean blinked and stiffened. "Cas, cut the bullshit," he huffed. "Tell me the thing you wanted to tell me."
The angel was bleeding. He wheeled around and grabbed Dean by the collar as he pinned him against the tree, "You disgusting creature!" he yelled. "What did you do to my Commander?" he added, clenching his jaw.
"Yes," he replied, cupping the hunter's face and placing a sweet kiss in his lips. Sam smiled and dropped his eyes to the ground. "I'll be back soon," Castiel added, smiling fondly. Dean was blushing like a dummy. The angel left.
"They won't find you now, run." Castiel’s voice was a whisper as he pushed Dean into the dense foliage of the forest, keeping him safe from being discovered by the angelic soldier.
Jaskier felt he was pushing too hard… the dude stood up and walked towards him again. Maybe this was the end…
Dean blinked and stared at the man, as the lady came out from the kitchen for a second, "Yes, they have."
Michael looked down and cocked an eyebrow, "Come on, Brother. You know this is not enough to stop me." The Archangel smirked and raised his eyes to Castiel and then he turned his gaze to Dean with disgust. "Why are you helping these filthy hairless apes? I sent you to kill this human — instead, he's standing there by your side."
Time for some KimRis ficlet. Written for Writersmonth 2021. Day 24. Word: Letter. Setting: Fake Relationship.
It talks about the journey of two young gods to the Guarfians Lands in another world, ghey have to save his friend, Harduk, another Guardian. He is waiting for his sentence in the Court of the Guardians. The gods met a pirate that will lead them to the Court. But this pirate is not just a simple pirate hehehe.
"Or maybe it's not. We just have to trust your brother." Bobby muttered, as he side-eyed Sam. Sam frowned thoughtfully.
The two men looked at each other in silence until Novak decided to glance through his window at the landscape again, with a slight blush on his cheeks.
Dean jumped out of the shower when he heard wings flapping. In a second, Dean had his shotgun ready, pointing at the newcomer who was standing in the dark.
Finally, her eyes opened and turned to face Dean, "I'm sorry but something is blocking his grace. I can say that he's in London."
Castiel spread his wings as he locked his eyes on Dean, with a sexy Dom eyebrow, "You are beautiful," he growled.
"Of course I want to, dumbass." Dean replied, as he placed a needy kiss on his angel's lip. Hugging tight to never let him go.
Jimmy nodded, and Sam and Dean heard Amelia crying in despair. The little girl's eyes shone in blue grace, and when she fell to ground, her mother ran to her and held her in her arms. The woman's gaze flicked to her husband's body. The injury in his stomach was gone. The man stood up and stared at her emotionlessly. Amelia started to cry again, clearly not seeing Jimmy in those eyes. She sank her nose in her beloved daughter's hair and closed her eyes.
Castiel's serious expression cracked, and he broke into a broad smile, the full, show-all-his teeth grin that Dean so rarely saw but loved so much. He threw his arms around Dean's neck and held him tight. “It's so strange,” he murmured in Dean's ear. “I mean, I'm in the completely wrong body, but for some reason I don't think it's ugly anymore, and I certainly don't feel like it's so disgusting it shouldn't be touched.” His pulled back a little, and his bright smile softened into something almost shy. “In fact, it seems to be very on board with the idea of being touched again. And of touching in return.” He put a gentle hand on Dean's crotch, whispering his fingers over the stiff denim.
He was unspeakably grateful that Dean didn't seem to notice any change in him. Of course, Castiel had always had his “moods,” and Dean was as familiar with them as he was with the inside of Baby's engine, but apparently he wasn't presenting any unusual symptoms, for Dean was the same Dean as always: kind, supportive, goofy, and perfect.
Castiel halts, and Dean halts with him, almost perfectly in unison. Castiel tilts his head as if listening.
There is a sound. He doesn’t notice it at first, but as he walks anywhere, nowhere, he begins to feel it, coming up through the soles of his feet, thrumming in his chest. It’s music, maybe, but played so low and slow that there is no melody. Or maybe it’s machinery, or the wind, or the ocean. He stops for a moment to listen, but he can’t resolve it. It’s present, like the light: ubiquitous and persistent, suggestive and meaningless.
He blinked, then smiled gamely. “No, it's fine, Dean. I—I guess I was just realizing how much work I have ahead of me, unpacking and all.”
But then Castiel took Dean’s bottom lip between his teeth and worried it slightly, and Dean’s hands slid back behind Castiel’s neck, his fingers pressing against the nape, thumbs on his jaw, and Castiel shuddered. He grabbed Dean’s hips and held on, fingers tightening. He flicked his tongue out, a question, and Dean took it almost delicately into his mouth and sucked on it gently before letting go. Sighing, Castiel pressed forward, just enough to feel the heat of Dean’s body against his, to verify the hard shape against his hip, but then Dean was pulling back slightly and pressing his forehead to Castiel’s.
Sam’s voice jolted him like a taser; water sloshed in the sink. He looked down, focusing again after…how long? He’d stopped bleeding: the red clouds had dispersed, diluted into water barely pink. The lips of the cut were bleached and ragged, his fingertips wrinkled and numb.
Castiel was suddenly self-conscious at being caught naked, felt exposed and ashamed. “I'm sorry, Dean. I lost track of time.”
Castiel laughed, the knot in his chest easing and a few of the butterflies migrating off to wherever stomach butterflies went when they weren't tormenting poor idiots like himself. He stood, skirted the table between them, and caught Charlie up in a tight hug. “I'm so glad to see you, Charlie,” he said into her hair.
Dean played with the curls at the base of said cock, soft and spent and wiped lovingly clean. “I mean, I like uncut guys, too—that can be fun. You know, like a present. You just peeeel back the wrapping paper, and there it is, all bright and shiny.” His voice went soft, almost dreamy. “But I kinda like this, where it’s right out in the open, like a big red gumdrop, or a lollypop, ready for me to suck.” He darted down and licked the head of Castiel’s dick, which, despite the monumental orgasm of just ten minutes previous, gave a tiny, hopeful twitch. Castiel growled and gave him a sharp smack on the back of the head.
Castiel closed his eyes briefly against all the lost time behind him. “Yes, yes . . .” He was smiling, really smiling, and he felt as if he hadn't smiled in
Castiel was so relieved by Dean's reaction to his hair that he didn't even twitch at “girls.” He grinned. “Oh, yes. We had lunch and went shopping, and then, uh, she convinced me to get a new haircut.”
girls' day!” Charlie said enthusiastically. “We could have lunch at Ladybird or Fuzzy's, maybe get pedicures, and then, I don't know – there's still Arkham Horror or Uni, if you don't mind tagging along . . .”
“Pfft,” Dean said, pulling a twenty out of his own wallet and handing it to Castiel. “Nah, It’s only eight-thirty,” he said. “I don’t go to bed till ten.”
“I like to think of it as mental flexibility,” Castiel said. He looked down at Dean with a knowing smirk. “I’m nothing if not…flexible.”
Dean cut him off. “I’m good, Sammy. A little tired. I think I’ll try to get some sleep. We gotta leave early tomorrow.”
Charlie shook herself. “Damn, you're strong,” she muttered. “You should totally be one of my Handmaidens next time there's a gathering.”
Castiel laughed. “I’m afraid you’re going to have to wait a little while to find out—I think you’ve sucked this one dry for the time being.”
Castiel doesn’t look at him—his eyes are fixed on the far distance, though there is nothing there to look at. “I didn’t. I think you found me.” He makes a noise that Dean can’t interpret, then says, “All I remember is coming through the bunker door with Sam. We were tired. We were…we thought you were dead, Dean.”
Dean shrugs. Castiel gives his hand a little squeeze. “I don’t think so, no,” Dean says. “We think Amara made the place and put us there.”
Cas. Besides, on the bus I'm always getting hit on by scruffy nerd boys with neck beards and dog-eared copies of
And backed right into a pile of boxes stacked at the end of the bed. No harm done—they were book boxes, sturdy and hard to move, but he stumbled and let out a startled little
Dean responded by enveloping Castiel in his arms and tangling their legs together and nuzzling his neck until they both drifted off to sleep. There were no loops in Castiel's head than night, no voices of self-loathing and condemnation, and he slept without remembering dreams.
“Why not?” she replied. “I mean, he'll ask questions, and you can fill him in on the whys and wherefores, but y'know, sometimes simple is best.”
It’s so bright he thinks he shouldn’t be able to see, but he can. He feels as if his eyes should burn out of his head, but they don’t. It’s overwhelming, but it’s not.
One moment passes into another and the shadow is darker, solid enough now that his mind begins latch onto the incongruity. Thoughts begin to form. He begins to wonder, to question.
“The thing is, uh, the thing is that reports of my heterosexuality have been kinda . . . exaggerated.” Dean ducked his head, as if to hide the sheepish smile that was forming on his lips. “I mean, have you ever watched me watch 'Dr. Sexy'?”
Castiel looked down. “Uh, well, nothing exciting. Just some clothes. I got some Converse – you know I needed some new sneakers. And a couple hoodies.” He smoothed out the front of his shirt. “And this t-shirt.”
Castiel nodded, not knowing what else to do; pretending to have a nightmare was easier than the truth. The fear and grief boiled up inside him, and he let words tumble from him, barely knowing what he said. “I, I dreamt . . . I dreamt you left me,” he gasped between the harsh, ugly sobs. “You left me, and I lost you forever, and I was alone. I was all alone!”
Castiel swirled a french fry absentmindedly around in a pool of malt vinegar. “I don't know exactly how it happened,” he said, his mind searching back. Only a month and change, and yet sometimes it seemed like he'd always been this way. “I think I'd been kind of, I don't know,
Dean didn't move his head from Castiel's shoulder, but he reached his arms out and wrapped them around his body. “Then I'm happy, too, babe.”
up,” Charlie said. She took her hand off Castiel's shoulder, sat back in her seat, and clasped her hands in front of her. “Care to be more, I don't know,
. Was he going to spend the entire day looking like an idiot in front of this man? “Um, I haven't gone shopping yet,” Castiel mumbled, blushing. Again.
“I don't know, Charlie,” he said anxiously as they got back into her car. “It's so short! What's Dean going to think?”
Dean suffered himself to be led to the bedroom, to the bed. He sat silently, staring at nothing, while Sam fetched the med kit, then fussed around him with burn cream and gauze and antibiotic ointment.
He sees Castiel’s head swing towards him, though their pace never falters. “No part of Hell I’ve ever seen, and I saw much of the Pit when I fought my way to you, all those years ago.” He looks forward again. “But I take your meaning.”
decided, somewhere Friday afternoon, that he really did need to tell someone and that he wanted that someone to be Charlie. Sometimes he even looked forward to telling her, as if saying everything aloud would make everything more real, make
“No,” he says at last. “I can’t make it out. It seems to mean something, but it’s just out of reach of my understanding.” He shakes his head. “It’s very frustrating.”
They fall silent for a while. Everything is the same. The light never wavers. The sound beneath, above, around them throbs and undulates, but never resolves into anything they can pin their thoughts on. There are no things, here—no objects or actions or reason or meaning. The space around them is as undifferentiated as solar plasma, as uncommunicative as the space between stars.
Castiel regarded Dean through half-lidded eyes, a teasing smile just touching one corner of his mouth. “Something wrong with that?” he asked in his new deep voice, not caring how he sounded.
Charlie leaned across the table and patted Castiel's arm sympathetically. “My point is, sweetie, that Dean loves you, and you love Dean, and sex is only one part of that. And hey, even if sex
Dean turned and held out a hand to Castiel. “You wanna try for vertical? Not too dizzy?” He smiled, but he wasn't laughing anymore.
Dean feels something stirring. He’s building something up, in his body, under his skin. A challenge to the nothingness that mocks them. A challenge to himself.
. Of seeing Dean try and fail to accept a change so radical in the person he'd married. Castiel didn't know if he could take that, didn't know if he could survive it. But what else could he do? It was either come out to Dean or suppress his identity and try to go back to being a
” Charlie smothered a giggle in her beer. “I mean, I'd never been a fluffy, pink lace kind of girl anyway,” he continued with a little quirk of a smile himself, “but even a tailored shirt with a shaped waist and bust darts seemed too
“Oh, that's right. Castiel, Angel of Thursday.” Dean laughed shortly, then fell silent, thoughtful. “Can I still call you 'Cas'?” he asked, almost humbly.
The lighter feeling stayed with him for about a day, but it wasn't long before he began to worry that he had made a mistake. Yes, Charlie would likely be accepting, maybe even understanding, but was he
, “Let me know when he gets back to earth, huh?” Then he slapped Lafitte on the shoulder and went back to the truck.
Castiel found outlet for his nervous energy in quickly shelving the rest of the books. It helped that doing so meant he wasn’t further distracted by Dean’s cupid’s bow lips or his square jaw. “Some, but I actually specialize in archaic languages, such as Latin and Classical Greek.”
He scooped up the precious volume before its spine could crease and whirled around to find Dean looking at him with an expression of friendly interest. “Sorry. Didn't mean to startle ya,” he said, frowning a little. He sounded like he meant it, but there was still a gleam in his eye that Castiel didn't know what to make of. “I wasn't
Suddenly Castiel is right there, and Dean nearly runs him over in his headlong flight. He checks himself just in time, grabbing Castiel’s arm and swinging him around a little to face him.
“Listen,” he says, “I walked around for a while, then I saw you. I guess it was you. A shape, and then there you were.”
here at all. “Yeah, I don’t…wait.” He narrows his eyes even more. “A little more to the right. Maybe a shadow?”
Dean kissed him, placated for the moment. “Lucky thing,” he murmured into Castiel's mouth. “Take care, babe.”
He turns back to them and breaks into another dimpled grin. “I’m going to grab us some beers, and you’re going to tell me everything.” He pauses, and his cheeks go pink. “Okay, maybe not
He walked slowly downstairs feeling strange, like he'd taken some kind of irrevocable step without really knowing what it was. He felt kind of . . . happy, yet at the same time nervous and scattered, uncertain of what to do. He glanced around the living room, into the kitchen. He
It was Dean's turn to roll his eyes. “No imagination, I swear. What about that judge on the garbage incinerator case?
. Right in a way he was beginning to realize he'd never felt in all his life, at least not since early childhood. Yes, it would be “easier” to go back to being a woman – and it would be nice not to feel as if his body were some kind of grotesque mistake – but part of him insisted that he had, in fact, discovered a truth that there was no turning back from, even if it were possible.
Castiel felt his body relax, almost against his will, melting into Dean's warmth like a kitten against its mother's belly. “Don't go, Dean,” he whispered. “Don't leave me.”
, Castiel thought, and the realization sent a strange thrill through him, like yet unlike mere physical arousal. He began to hope that Dean
. He felt the tightness in his body loosen, the hard places inside him go softer. Fifteen years and more they had been together, and Dean was still beautiful, so beautiful that Castiel had sometimes felt jealous of him, raised as he had been in a world that taught that women should be more physically attractive than men. But now, as he gazed at the slightly bent nose, the humorous curve of the full lips, the absurdly long lashes, at the perfect planes and curves of that beloved face, all he could feel was gratitude and love.
it. He tried an innuendo or two himself, but he'd never been good at that, and Dean had just looked at him like Castiel had handed him a dead eel and turned back to work with a polite but puzzled smile.
Dean frowned in confusion. Okay, this was good, probably, judging from the smile tugging at the corner of Cas' mouth, but why was she –
