"I would not like to date Charlie," Cas answered seriously. "I was under the impression you and Jo were not together any more." He didn't sound angry, but Dean couldn't figure out exactly what he did sound like.
"Thanks, babe," Dean teased, batting Cas' hand away before grabbing for his coffee. Cas gave him a sad smile and Dean shrugged it off. "Just haven't been sleeping well. It doesn't help that I wake up to an empty bed every morning."
"Cas, I think that's enough," Sam said, after John had collapsed to the floor, unable to get back up. Cas clenched his fists at his sides, but listened without hesitation as he stepped back towards Dean. Dean grabbed Cas' wrist and pulled him closer, away from John. "Bobby, help me grab him," Sam continued, once Cas was restrained in Dean's arms.
“Who’s we?” Dean demanded, his fingers falling from the trigger, but he didn’t lower the gun just yet.
"You gonna let me inside?" Dean asked, eventually. He stepped closer to Cas, who moved out of his way immediately, letting Dean pass to get into the house. With a deep breath, Cas closed to front door, only lingering there for a moment before turning to face Dean as he stood in the middle of the living room, his hands tucked into his pockets. "Where do you want to work on our project?" Dean wondered, eyes glancing around the house, taking it all in.
“What’s the matter, Dean?” Jack wondered, concern written all over his face. “Is Cas okay? Did something happen?”
"No," Dean cut him off, his voice stern. "I'll find another way to keep everyone else safe, but Cas, I can't live without you. So I made the deal I had to make." He wasn't going to try for a different deal. Cas' safety was his biggest concern and Crowley could guarantee that. The wall around the neighborhood was important, but Dean would deal with that after this was all over. "Let's not argue, Cas. I just got you back."
“And what about your life, Dean?” Cas nearly shouted, finally moving closer, his hands grabbing Dean’s face to keep him from looking away, as if he could avoid talking about this if he didn’t look Cas in the eyes. Dean opened his mouth like he had something to say, but he didn’t have a single word that would make this better. “Do you have any idea-” Cas started, his voice cracking as a tear slipped down his cheek. Cas took a breath, hesitating as he visibly swallowed. “Do you have any idea how much it kills me when you’re gone? When I have no idea where you are, if you’re alive or dead?” His voice shook more with each word. “You’re the first person who has made me feel anything, Dean. You have taught me so much. You’ve shown me what a family is. You have made me realize that I can truly be happy.”
"Of course," Charlie waved him off, complete understanding behind her words. "You just got here. I'll give you time to settle in before I talk your ear off some more. How about I walk you guys to dinner in a couple hours?" she offered, never losing that sparkle in her eye that Dean was growing to like. He definitely could have had worse luck with his neighbors. This girl was talkative, but sweet.
“If he’s murdering innocent people, maybe it’s what he deserves,” Sam weighed in, though saying that sentence put a guilty look on Sam’s face, like he regretted it as soon as he said it. “This just doesn’t feel right though.”
"He never knew his father," Cas explained, which allowed Dean to relax slightly. "I've raised him since he was born. He knows Lucifer is his father, but he also knows that Lucifer killed his mother. He hates him." Dean breathed a sigh of relief, running his thumb over the back of Cas' knuckles absentmindedly. "I took the woman in and tried to use my grace to nurse her back to health. We ran away from Lucifer, all of us, including Jack's mother. For months, Lucifer searched for us. When Jack was born, it nearly killed his mom, but she was still breathing. However, Jack's power gave us away and Lucifer lashed out, killing the mother of his child and somehow draining all one hundred of us of our grace."
Sam grumbled something that Dean didn’t quite catch, but he assumed it was just him giving attitude. “Can you, I don’t know, read their lips or something?” Sam asked, holding onto Dean’s ankles as he struggled to stand still.
“I’m just worried about you being out there with him,” Cas admitted quietly, shaking his head as if ashamed by his concern. “I know you’re capable of taking care of yourself, but you aren’t well-rested and I hate that I can’t be with you-”
"You were snoring so loud, dude," Sam said, glancing at Dean in the rearview mirror as he and Jack chuckled as if they had some inside joke. "Right in Cas' ear too. Poor guy," he continued, making Dean's face red. Of course, Sam would never pass up on an opportunity to make fun of Dean, especially when he knew it would embarrass him. Usually, Dean dished it right back, but in this case, he didn't have anything to defend himself. He was a loud snorer and he was practically drooling on Cas' shoulder, so he hung his head in defeat, not even bothering to glare back at his little brother.
Dean rolled his eyes, grabbing her arm to stop her from walking. “Joanna Beth, you have got to be kidding me,” he sighed, holding her hostage in front of him until she finally looked him in the eye. “Do you remember what you told me after I came clean about my feelings for Cas?”
Charlie picked up Dean’s bloody hand, running a wet towel across his knuckles. “She’ll be fine,” Charlie promised, her quiet voice a soothing contrast to Dean’s screaming thoughts that kept him awake. “You saved her life, Dean.” She worked at Dean’s knuckles some more, having to scrub hard to clean the blood away. Dean winced at the fresh wounds, but he didn’t say anything. “You were gone all night. What happened out there?” He felt the coolness of the wet towel on his face, cleaning the dirt from his skin.
"What do you want?" Cas wondered, his hand moving away from Dean's face, dropping back to his side. With the loss of contact, Dean brought himself back to reality. The reality where he couldn't have Cas. He couldn't be what he desperately wished he could be. He would always be broken and destructive. He would always carry that anger with him, no matter how hard he fought to get away from it. He could have been freed, maybe, if John hadn't been back in the picture. "Dean?" Cas spoke again, reminding Dean of the question. What did he want?
“I wish I could help,” Dean replied, following her gaze to Cas and Charlie as they laughed about something Charlie had said. Dean smiled to himself, watching Cas for a few more seconds before glancing at Jo again. “I’m still trying to figure that out myself.”
They stood there in silence for a few minutes as the hallway cleared, leaving just the two of them. Dean cleared his throat, slamming Cas' locker after Cas slung his backpack over his shoulder. The loud crash made him jump, putting more distance between himself and Dean. "Come on," Dean said finally, taking off without another word. Cas hesitated, but when Dean paused to look at him, the look on his face told Cas to move, or else. Cas nodded, following after Dean as his heart thumped hard against his chest.
"It doesn't," Cas replied immediately, his frown somehow deepening, so much it felt like it might become a permanent part of the angel. Dean felt a twinge of guilt looking at it, but he couldn't risk leaving them alone. "I'll come with you." Dean began to object, because there was no way in hell he'd be able to keep Cas safe if something were to attack them out of nowhere. Cas wouldn't let him have the chance to say no. "Sam can stay here and protect Jack. I can go with you and since you'll be there, I'll be safe. Besides, I can fight, I'm just not as strong as you."
to hear them leave Cas' parted lips. Cas tightened his grip on Dean's waist, his other hand threading through Dean's hair, suddenly hauling him closer to fit their mouths together in a hard kiss. Dean groaned into the kiss, opening Cas' mouth with his tongue, tasting him anywhere he could. Dean could feel the heat of Cas in his hand, the friction slowing him down, dragging agonizingly slow.
Jo chuckled, nodding her head to agree with him. “She’s always been like that. Never could hide anything from that girl,” she sighed, turning away from Dean to stare straight ahead. Dean still watched her, curious. “So- are we doing this or not, Winchester?” she demanded, sparing him one more short glance to get his answer.
When Dean entered the room, Cas finished stocking the cabinet he was working on before turning around to meet Dean’s eyes, a smile taking over his face when he saw it was Dean. “You’re back already?” he wondered, standing up to wrap his arms around Dean’s waist.
“Okay,” Dean mumbled, though he wasn’t happy about it. “We’ll talk tomorrow. But can you please lay back down here?” he requested, reaching for Cas until the other man gave in, crawling back under the covers to settle back in next to Dean. They didn’t say much else as Dean wedged his arm under Cas’ head and Cas pressed his back against Dean’s chest, providing much appreciated warmth. Dean hummed contently, kissing the back of Cas’ neck gently. “Goodnight, Cas,” he whispered.
“John-” Charlie started, the words breaking between her sobs, “came- and- he said- wanted me- but Cas-” she choked out, not making any sense.
Sam was quiet as he sat up, his eyebrows scrunched together in confusion. “But Dean, the rules are-”
Just as Dean grabbed his machete, he heard more coming in through the back, blocking them in so Cas couldn’t leave. “Not so fast,” the one in front of Dean chuckled coldly. “We’re starving.”
Claire was the first one through the door, not bothering to say anything to Dean or Cas as she found a place next to Kaia and gently shook the girl awake. While they had their disgustingly sweet reunion, which Dean would never admit made him smile like an idiot, Charlie and Jo motioned for Dean and Cas to follow them into the front room. Cas kept an arm around Dean's waist as they followed the girls out of the room to give Kaia and Claire a few minutes of privacy.
"Jesus Christ, Cas, you can't say shit like that!" Dean nearly yelled, his face burning as Cas innocently stared at him, wondering what he had said wrong. Dean sighed, running his hands over his face again, trying to remind himself that Cas had only been human for a few years and that was why he didn't understand these kinds of things. "People who share beds are usually together," Dean tried to explain without embarrassing himself further.
Dean found them standing near the impala outside the gate, grouped up with Claire and Jody away from the rest of the hunters. Sam and Claire both greeted him with a smile as Dean approached the group. “Running a little behind?” Sam asked, raising his eyebrows in concern. “Was everything okay with Cas and Charlie?”
Cas smiled softly, carding a hand through Dean's hair. "That's what I thought," he hummed, earning him a half-hearted glare from Dean. Cas completely ignored it. "So, ready to go home?"
I'm probably taking a 1-2 week break after this chapter. I have finals and a LOT of papers coming up these next two weeks (I'm an English major so its a lot of writing) so I need to focus on that! After May 8th, I'll be finished with my second year of college and I'll have all summer to finish this fic :) Thanks for all your support!
“We won’t let him find out,” Jo promised, catching a tear as it ran down his cheek. Dean sniffed, trying to stop the tears because he didn’t like to cry. Not in front of other people, at least. “We’ll just tell him the date went great and we’re still seeing each other. We’re still gonna be friends after tonight, so it won’t be hard to lie to him, right?” It was a solid plan, but Dean felt like he was just using her at that point. It also didn’t seem fair to Cas, but what else could he do?
“We switched our days with other people,” Charlie explained, an excited grin on her face. Dean couldn’t be mad at her when she looked that happy to see them. “So now we can hang out. We still haven’t rescheduled our double date and Jo and I agreed you wouldn’t go unless we randomly showed up and forced you out of the house.” She wasn’t wrong, but Dean wasn’t happy about it. He was really looking forward to that alone time with Cas.
"Sounds great, Jo," he answered, putting on his best smile as she beamed up at him. "Just remember, I've only got one functioning arm right now, so nothing too exciting, okay?" he teased, lightly nudging her shoulder, trying to bring back the same Jo who told him practically her whole life story as they walked through the woods together. They had a nice thing going there for a while, but after she shot him, it kind of went away. Dean had no hard feelings about it, but clearly Jo was still torn up from the situation.
“What happened to your powers?” Dean inquired, as if he fully believed them. He wasn’t sure he did yet, but it seemed possible.
Sam looked up as soon as Dean got within a few feet, as if Sam could sense that he was there. He stood up straight, his hands shoved into his pockets. “Dean, what are you doing here?” he asked, glancing at Eileen nervously. He must have thought Dean was there to make fun of him and his new girlfriend or something. Maybe on a different day when they weren’t dealing with demon deals and evil fathers.
“Claire,” Dean warned, finally getting her to look at him. She trusted him the most, so her attitude seemed to soften a little as Dean stared at her sternly. “I’ll talk to John tonight, okay? If he knows anything, I’ll pry it out of him.” This seemed to make her feel better because she started to relax, her shoulders slumping guiltily as she glanced at Cas, then back to Dean. “So no more snapping at people who are trying to help, okay?” he added, raising his eyebrows while he waited for an answer, or an acknowledgement that she understood him at least.
Dean stared back at his angel for a few moments before he realized what Cas was talking about. His face immediately turned red, the heat reaching the tips of his ears as it spread throughout his body. “I would love that, Cas,” he replied quietly, dragging his bottom lip between his teeth as Cas slid his hand down Dean’s chest slowly.
Dean knew they meant well, but he didn’t need to be putting more people he cared about in danger. “I appreciate it, Jo, but I don’t want anything to happen to you guys. Cas would never forgive me for letting you go after him. Especially if you got hurt.”
“Promise,” Jo agreed with a loud sigh, finally settling back down against Charlie’s side. “Anyways, we’re here, so pull over,” she added, kicking the back of Dean’s seat just to annoy him, most likely. Dean grumbled to himself about wanting to shove her out of the moving car, but did as he was told and pulled the car into the abandoned parking lot of an old mall. Despite the dead bodies of the undead piled up around the outside, it was pretty much intact and looked like it would have before the apocalypse, aside from a few broken windows and doors.
Dean sighed, slowly making his way down the hallway to Sam's room. He knocked on the door and waited a few seconds before barging in, eyes landing on Sam sitting in the middle of his large bed, a book in his hands, wide awake. "Jack said you were sleeping," Dean yawned, still waking himself up as he stared curiously at his brother. Sam looked up from his book, raising his eyebrows. "Dinner time," Dean elaborated.
"You were in need of a distraction," Cas finally spoke, looking through various racks of shirts. "We've never been here before. I thought you might want to take a look. It will help take your mind off of last night." He glanced at Dean with what almost looked like a smile on his face, but not quite the real thing. Dean had seen Cas smile only a handful of times, a beautiful sight, but unfortunately rare.
"Cas, I can figure this out on my own" Dean protested, trying to ignore the heat in his face when Cas' hands moved too close to his ass. As soon as they made it home, Cas was ordering him around, and currently, the angel was helping Dean into a pair of sweatpants. Cas hadn't really seen Dean naked, even half-naked, before, so this was already awkward without Cas touching his thighs, his face getting dangerously close to Dean's dick. Luckily, he was able to keep himself calm enough to not get a hard on while Cas was helping him, but it took a lot of effort.
Sam glanced at Dean, who didn't really have much to say. He knew they were going to stay anyways. Dad would be heartbroken if they didn't, and besides, they'd be stupid to pass up on this offer. Food and shelter without having to worry about vamps ripping their throats out in their sleep? They hit the jackpot.
"Okay," Dean sighed, giving in easily. "Let me change and grab the book. But as soon as you fall asleep, I'm going back to the couch, alright?"
Then Cas was kissing Dean’s neck, dragging his teeth over the hot skin, sucking and biting until Dean’s knees were shaking. “Lay the blanket down,” Cas rasped, pressing one more gentle kiss to Dean’s burning skin, where there was definitely going to be a dark bruise tomorrow. He’d have to find a way to hide it, or at least convince Jo to take the blame for it if anyone asked. Right now, he couldn’t find it in him to care. The only thing he was worried about was Cas and what was happening in this moment.
"Thank god," Jo mumbled, pressing her cheek against his chest as he gave in, wrapping his one arm around her shoulders briefly. "I promise, I'll make this up to you. It's gonna be an awesome date," she promised, pulling away when she realized Dean had already let go. "I'll come to your place to get you when I'm ready, okay?"
"It's nice to see him happy," Jack said, smiling softly when Dean glanced at him. "After what my fa- what Lucifer did to us, Cas didn't smile for years. He protected me, fed me, watched our family die one by one until it was just us two. He had nothing to live for other than me, but even I feared it wouldn't be enough. Then we met you and Sam. I've never seen him like this before."
"Over here!" Cas' voice called from out of Dean's sight, catching the vamp off guard. Dean took his window of opportunity, flinging the thing off of him, watching it slide a few feet across the hard floor. Dean finally spotted Cas, standing right where Dean threw the vamp. In an impressive show of his strength, Cas grabbed the vamp by it's hair as it kneeled on the ground. It could have overpowered Cas, probably, if Cas hadn't yanked it's head back quickly, throwing the vamp into shock as Cas swung the machete without hesitation. The head slid off like it was the easiest thing Cas had ever done, hanging there as Cas watched the body fall to the ground with a loud thud. Then, he dropped the head, wiping his hands on his coat with a small sigh.
“How?” Dean croaked, tears pricking his eyes. He didn’t want to cry, but this was the first time he had told anybody about his feelings for Cas. It was the first time he’d really talked about his sexuality in ten years, unless you counted what Charlie assumed on her own. Dean hadn’t had this kind of emotional talk since he confided in Bobby all those years ago. It was hard to relive it. “If my dad ever found out, Cas could get hurt. I don’t want anything to happen to him.”
Ellen smiled apologetically, most likely because of Bobby's rude manners, but Dean only chuckled, relieved that the man hadn't changed much since they last saw each other. Dean inched past the others, following the sound of Bobby's voice until he was standing in the doorway of a kitchen. Bobby had his back to Dean, sipping a cup of coffee as he worked through a crossword puzzle.
“Something like. . .” Cas trailed off, his fingers threading through Dean’s hair as Dean gently dragged his teeth over sensitive skin, making Cas shiver.
Cas’ eyes seemed to darken as he pulled Dean closer, their chests pressed together with not even a little space between them. “Just the two of us?” he wondered, raising an eyebrow. Cas’ hands slipped under the hem of Dean’s thin t-shirt, sending shivers down Dean’s spine.
There was a hint of hesitance in Claire’s eyes, but she perked up a little, her arms relaxing from where they were wound tight around chest. She glanced at Dean, as if asking for permission, and he gave her a small nod, encouraging her to speak up. “Would that really be okay?” she wondered, slipping off the bed to stand up as she leaned forward on the balls of her feet, like she was ready to run away or something. “I don’t want to get in the way.”
“I need you to start caring about your own life, Dean. I can’t be the only one who cares if you live.
"Dean, don't push yourself," Cas scolded him, gently pushing on his chest to get him to lie down again. "How do you feel?" He looked happy to see Dean awake, which Dean understood, sure, but it was more than that. Cas looked relieved. Sam was watching from the doorway with the same relieved look on his face. Dean glanced between the two of them, trying to figure out what they weren't telling him.
"Yeah, well it’s a good thing I make the rules then,” Dean snapped, throwing his gun over his shoulder as he approached the door. “You stay here, Sam. I’m not arguing.” Before giving Sam a chance to argue, Dean removed the blockade and quietly shut the door behind him. He expected to be swarmed by the undead, so he had his gun loaded and ready to shoot, but the danger never came. The undead were scattered across the ground, as if they had just dropped dead all at once. He didn’t hear anything but the wind, but that didn’t mean he could let his guard down. He walked cautiously through the streets, looking for a house he hadn’t yet emptied of supplies. Even with just the two of them in town, over the span of ten years, they cleaned out most of the non-perishables.
“You’re lying,” Dean cut him off, his heart pounding nervously. He didn’t do this. He didn’t stand up to his father, call him out on his bullshit, even though he should have in the past. There were so many times Dean could have called him out, for Sammy’s sake, but he didn’t because he was scared. Now, he was just angry.
Cas turned towards Dean, his eyebrows raised in concern as Dean tried to offer a reassuring smile. "You're quite the hero," he said, gently picking up Dean's injured hand to inspect it further. Dean felt the heat in his face and didn't reply. "Are you going to tell me what happened out there?" he asked, unraveling the bloodied bandage around Dean's knuckles.
Dean blinked at the demon, decided to just ignore the fact that John might have seen them the entire time. Instead, he asked, “is he going after someone in town?”
“Why are we at a mall, Red?” Dean asked Charlie, clasping a hand over her shoulder as he came to a halt beside her, staring at the rows of stores lining the long walkway.
Cas narrowed his eyes in thought, his face lighting up as he looked at the nightstand where the book Dean had been reading to Cas the night before still sat in the same exact spot. "I can read to you!" he suggested, picking up the book to look it over. "Since you only have one hand, it only makes sense for me to read this time. Even though you're a much better storyteller."
Cas tightened his grip on Dean's hair, pulling hard as Dean nipped at the skin on Cas' hips, licking at the hot skin beneath the waistband of his jeans. "If you want to continue this later, you have to stop doing that," Cas breathed, using his grasp on Dean's head to yank him back, pulling an unexpected groan from Dean's lips. For a moment, Cas stared at him and Dean blushed furiously, trying to ignore the fact that Cas doing that turned him on so much. "You're going to be the death of me, Dean Winchester," Cas mumbled, shaking his head as he smoothed his fingers through Dean's hair.
"You made up for the past," Cas assured him, tugging affectionately at his hair. "I like you, too." He felt odd, admitting it out loud, but it was also like a weight being lifted off his chest.
Dean shifted again on the floor, slowly sitting up. Cas couldn't look at him, but he saw the outline of him out of the corner of his eyes. Instead, Cas locked his eyes on the wall directly in front of him, still trying to stop himself from freaking out, but Dean moving around distracted him from getting a hold of himself. He jumped when Dean's voice quietly called out to him. "Cas, what's wrong?" Cas shook his head, squeezing his eyes shut. "Talk to me," Dean tried, but Cas still couldn't look at him. He heard Dean get up, his feet thudding against the wood floor. Suddenly, Dean was right there, his hands on Cas' shoulders, pushing him forward. Cas didn't know what was happening until Dean was crawling into bed behind him, sitting up against the headboard. "I've got you," Dean whispered, wrapping his arms around Cas' chest, squeezing tight.
"This present of yours," Dean started, guarding the door as Jo dug through some drawers across the room. "You're stealing it from the medical supplies?"
Sorry for any typos/mistakes, I don't have anyone to read over this for me. I'm just doing my best! I love getting feedback, so if you like it (or don't like it for any reason) let me know :) Thanks for reading!
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?” Dean demanded, raising an eyebrow as he waited for Cas’ reply. “There’s no way he’s only five. He’s clearly a teenager.”
“Have you done this before?” Cas wondered, his hands braced on his knees as Dean glanced at him. The worried look on his face was understandable considering a stranger was about to have a needle right next to his eyeball, but it had to be done.
“Oh, alright,” Charlie agreed hesitantly, gesturing for Dean to sit on the bed she was currently in front of. He got himself situated on the mattress and Charlie got to work unhooking the sling and working the bandages off to look at the stitches. “Try moving your arm for me,” she instructed, bracing a hand on the back of his shoulder. He did as he was told, moving his arm as far as he could without wincing. “How’s that feel?”
“I-I was busy telling Cas-” he started, pausing to wince at the pain. Maybe it was a good thing he stopped because he really shouldn’t go around telling people about him and Cas when they hadn’t even had a conversation about it yet. Cas probably didn’t want people to know about them anyways.
Eventually, Charlie moved the light from Kaia bed to rest over top of Dean’s bed, forcing him to be fully alert. “Is she okay?” Dean asked, his voice rough as Charlie started poking and prodding at him.
Dean unlocked the door, letting them inside before barricading it behind them. “Yeah, we inherited it from our family,” Dean explained, meeting them at the bottom of the stairs. “You two sit tight, I’m going to get my little brother up so he can eat too.”
"Hey kid," Dean called, picking up a chess piece from the board as he waved it in front of Jack's face. "Wanna play a game of chess? I might go easy on you," he said persuasively, smiling like a child as Jack laughed.
John smiled at the two of them like he hadn’t accused Dean of using her yesterday, as if he now believed they were serious. That was good. Dean wanted him to keep thinking he was with Jo. At least, long enough for Dean to figure out what the hell John was up to and how he was involved with Kaia’s disappearance.
After Dean had calmed down enough to start walking back, he brushed the dirt off his clothes and skin and set off at a steady pace. He wasn’t in a hurry to explain where he had been. He had let the blood on his hand sit for too long, so it was dried and cracking and he wouldn’t be able to clean it until he got home. Cas would probably ask about it, but Dean hadn’t figured out what he was going to tell him yet.
“No rush,” Dean assured him, waving him towards the door. “Now, go eat. I’ll be in there in just a minute.” He gently shoved Cas out into the hall, pointing him towards the dining room. Once he was gone, Dean grabbed one of his many duffle bags from under his bed. He put the clothes Cas slept in at the bottom of the bag, because there was no way Cas could keep wearing that suit everywhere. He also put a pair of jeans and a couple more shirts in the bag, in case he wanted something more comfortable. Since they had no protection, he even gave up one of his guns and some ammo, which he hoped Cas knew how to use. After he got everything from his room, he went to the kitchen, adding a few cans of food and some waters. He wanted to make sure they had enough supplies for the next few days, since there wasn’t much left around here.
“It’s a long story,” Dean sighed, running his hands over his face as his head pounded. So much had happened today, so many things had gone wrong, he just couldn’t think about what to do, or how to handle this mess. “Did he. . . was he the one who hurt you?” Dean asked, though subconsciously, he already knew the answer. He just hoped Crowley was lying and that John wouldn’t physically beat a teenager, or any innocent person for that matter.
“I see,” Cas mumbled, his face relaxing. “What if you squeeze too hard and hurt the other person? Then both of you are hurt,” Cas reasoned, making Dean chuckle. Of course, he’d be concerned about something like that. Dean shook his head, deciding not to answer that. Instead, he figured he would show Cas what he meant, just a little differently considering he couldn’t hold his hand.
Dean nodded as a reply, gesturing for them to follow him. He pointed at Sam before he took them down the hall, giving his brother a serious look. “You get back to bed, Sammy. You need rest if you’re going to get any better.”
Dean planned on joining Cas in bed soon, but he wasn't tired enough to turn in for the night, so he busied himself organizing their books, games, and everything else they kept in the kitchen and living room. In the middle of putting away all of the cards they had left out, there was a knock on the front door.
He felt his mouth go dry again, despite his water crushed tightly between his fingers. “I mean- yeah, he is,” Dean stammered, hoping it didn’t come off as awkward as he thought it did. “But I doubt we’ve known each other as long as you and Charlie. I’d love to hear more about you two,” he tried, giving his best smile as Jo watched him carefully.
This chapter is pretty much all sex. . . to make up for what the next chapter is gonna be. I'm shooting for like, three or four more chapters!
He let his eyes adjust to the dark for a moment, toeing off his shoes and slipping his jacket off carefully, his arm still throbbing in pain from getting pinned by that werewolf earlier. He tried to be quiet, because he could make out the outline of Cas’ body on the couch, sound asleep. After he successfully removed his jacket, he quietly made his way over to the couch, wondering if he should just let Cas sleep and head off to bed himself. It was pretty late, after all.
"Cas," Dean choked out, still reeling from the impact of hitting the tree as hard as he did. "Are you okay?"
“Hello, Dean Winchester,” the man said with a crooked smile. Dean pushed the girls behind him, reluctantly slipping his hand out of Cas’, even as the angel tried to pull him back in. “I heard you’ve been searching for me.”
Jo was laughing her ass off in the backseat and Dean wished he could tell her to shut the fuck up, but it wouldn’t help the situation. “Cas, don’t look so sad!” Jo said, still laughing so hard she had tears in her eyes. “He’s just embarrassed because he doesn’t want people to know he’s a bott-”
"Do people have jobs around here?" Jesse wondered, setting his bag on the porch as he leaned against the railing on the stairs. "We want to make sure we're pulling our weight. It doesn't seem fair for you to be doing all this work and we just eat your food and live in your houses."
“That’s not true,” Cas objected, sitting down on the edge of the bed, putting him much closer to Dean, who wasn’t sure if he was ready to talk about this. He thought he was, but that was last night, in the dark room where Cas couldn’t see his face. This was much more. . . real. “Every time I thought you felt the same, you said or did something that made me second guess everything. That’s why I never told you,” Cas continued. “I’ve wanted to tell you since that night you read to me while I was sick. That was when I realized what it was I was feeling. Something I’d never felt before. . .” he trailed off, his eyes falling away from Dean’s, instead staring at the space between them. It wasn’t much space, but it was there, and Dean hated that.
“Bad timing?” Jo asked, gesturing down at the dead werewolf. That was probably not helping, but it wasn’t what Dean meant. He shook his head, running a hand through his hair while he stared at the ground in front of him. “You just. . . don’t want to kiss me?”
“Shut up,” Dean grumbled, swatting her hands away from his head. As the girls giggled in the backseat, Dean glanced at Cas, grabbing his hand to make sure he was paying attention. “Cas, they don’t need to know about that stuff.”
Dean focused on breathing for a moment, his chest aching and painfully tight. He felt better than he had a week ago, but it was all catching up to him now. Still, despite the pain, he'd never felt better. "So. . . everything is okay?"
Dean didn’t let John finish that sentence, because as soon as Cas was the one being threatened, nothing else mattered except protecting him. “You won’t fucking touch him,” Dean growled, giving his father a hard shove towards the exit. John looked back at his son with a shocked expression, stumbling backwards slightly in surprise. “Cas is right. You need to leave.” Dean kept a hand on John’s chest, pushing him towards the door without much resistance until they hit the doorway, and then John pushed back, standing his ground.
“That’s the spirit,” Claire said sarcastically, rolling her eyes as Dean glared at her. Eventually, her fake annoyed look turned into a small smile, like she was trying to hide it. “Be careful,” she added, punching Dean’s arm.
“After the baby Lucifer shoved dear old dad back into his cage,” Crowley finished, looking smug as ever. “How is the devil’s kid?”
Dean bit the inside of his cheek to keep himself from crying out in pain, and once it had dimmed back to the normal dull throbbing, he grabbed John’s wrists and pried his hands away from Dean’s jacket. “No, dad, you didn’t raise me at all,” he retorted coldly, putting space between them again in case John decided to throw a punch. He’d never stood up to John like this before, but it felt good. He couldn’t say everything he wanted to, but it was better than nothing.
The man- Crowley, apparently- narrowed his eyes at Cas, then flicked his gaze over to Dean, suddenly interested by the look of confusion on Dean’s face. “It’s not just about what I want from Dean,” he said slowly, placing a hand on Cas’ shoulder as he gave the angel a shove to the side. “It’s about what Dean wants from me,” he finished, standing in front of Dean now, taking his hands out of his pockets to brush a hand over Dean’s shoulder.
Dean looked away, until Cas grabbed his chin and forced his eyes back. "Your life for John's soul," Dean admitted quietly. "Crowley is going to heal you and make sure you're safe just as soon as I hand John over to him."
"I spend a lot of time with Claire and Kaia," he offered, not really getting at what Dean was asking. That was fine, Jack was too young for girls anyways. "I work with a girl named Krissy and she introduced me to Claire, who introduced me to Kaia." Dean nodded, trying to follow along as Jack rambled on about his friends, describing Claire in a way that had Dean wondering if this was a different girl than the one he had already met. The same Claire who gave him death glares when they passed each other on the street. "Oh and sometimes we hang out with Kevin, but he's usually busy with science stuff. Says they're trying to get working showers in all of the houses again."
“It’s Cas,” Dean said over her, raising his voice a little too much. “Just give Bobby the message, please.” He stood up from the table too fast, making Ellen jump. He didn’t have time to feel guilty for being an asshole, he had to find Cas before it was too late.
“With your bag?” Cas accused, throwing the cover back as he got out of bed, his feet shuffling lazily over to where Dean stood. Apparently, Dean hadn’t been quick enough with hiding the duffle. “Why are you lying, Dean? When did we start lying to each other?”
in his chest, hearing Cas' story again from Jack's perspective. Cas hadn't mentioned how he felt during all of this, but Dean didn't blame him. It was a horrible thing to live through, losing your grace and then your entire family. "He deserves to be happy," Dean mumbled, wishing he could wrap his arms around Cas and hold him tight. "So do you, Jack."
Dean cleared his throat, his lips darting out to lick his dry lips. "You just love bossing me around, don't you?" Dean huffed, taking a step away from Cas to start the process of cooling himself off. The smirk on Castiel's face as proof enough that Dean's statement was true. "Fuck you," Dean grumbled, faking annoyance as he plopped down on the bed, struggling with his one hand to get himself under the covers.
"Okay, okay," she said through her laughter, finally stepping aside to let him inside. She shut the door behind them as Dean turned to face her, waiting for her to take him to Claire. He couldn't exactly just walk around their house without permission. "My name's Alex, by the way," she told him, her laughter finally settling into a smile that was much more welcoming than the stern look she wore moments before.
After John was gone, Dean felt himself relax, though he didn't realize he was even that tense until afterwards. When he looked up, he found Cas watching him, that worried look in his eyes. Dean froze, forgetting that he was trying to avoid the guy until they got home. It felt nice to receive some kind of emotion from him other than anger, or just outright being ignored.
"Fine," Dean agreed, reluctantly. "But we need time to pack our things. We'll drive ourselves." He released his grip on Jack's shoulders, his other hand letting go of Sam's arm. "You can wait outside," he added, grabbing Cas to pull him away from the doorway. As soon as the path was clear, Jody nodded in understanding, motioning for her guys to follow her out. With the room empty, Dean started barking orders, giving each of them a job to do so they could pack up their things. He wanted to get this over with fast, so after they saw this place, he could drive them right back to this house. He didn't want to stay with a bunch of assholes like that anyways. He was perfectly content with what they already had, just the four of them.
Sam grabbed what Dean couldn't hold, cleaning out the shelf completely. "Yeah, he's a nice guy. Jack too," Sam agreed, continuing down the aisle looking for anything useful. Dean thought he was just making a show out of it to avoid looking at him, which he didn't mind. He didn't want Sam's judgmental eyes on him. "I'm just saying, Dean. Dad's not around to control you anymore. He can't tell you what to do, how to live your life. . . you know what I mean?"
Dean gave him a stern, but reassuring look. "We've slept on a wooden floor for the past two months, Cas. Compared to that, the couch will feel like sleeping in the clouds. I'll be fine," he promised, only looking away once the deep frown on Cas' lips lightened up a little. Dean met his father's irritated eyes, knowing the only reason John didn't snap was because it had been ten years. Things were different now. Dean had been out of John's grasp for too long. He hadn't realized it until now, but he had become a completely different person. His own person.
"It's a date," Cas answered, teasingly. He glanced up from admiring the shirt, folding it up in his lap as he looked at Dean. "We didn't have tv in Heaven," he said with a small shrug. Dean assumed as much, but it still made him chuckle.
“How did you even know this stuff?” Sam asked, looking over Dean’s shoulder as Dean scribbled out the ingredients.
Dean was immediately on defense, ready to react if John started something. He clenched his fists at his sides, despite the ache in his arm and the burning wounds reopening on his knuckles. As John approached, the man stopped in front of Dean and smiled, as if nothing had happened between them yesterday. As if he hadn’t been a part of what happened to Kaia. Dean couldn’t prove it, but he knew he was right.
As soon as they were in the other room with Cas and Charlie, they both received glares. "Are you two idiots going to explain what the hell you were screaming about in there?" Charlie demanded, a hint of amusement on her lips as if she already knew what they were talking about. Dean really hoped she didn't.
"I'm okay now," he promised, giving Dean's hand a small squeeze. Dean felt a blush creeping onto his cheeks, but luckily, Cas wasn't watching him anymore. "Lucifer. . . he had a woman with him, but she was half dead when I met her. He didn't seem to care about her, even though she was. . . pregnant with his child."
“The sooner, the better,” Dean replied, reluctantly prying Cas’ warm hands away from his waist. “C’mon, let’s grab dinner and sneak out.” Dean took Cas’ hand in his own and led the way as Cas happily followed him.
After the meal, they started packing everything into bags. Blankets, pillows, food, guns, salt, and anything else they could fit into the trunk of the Impala. “That’s everything,” Dean announced, slamming the trunk closed as Sam opened the garage door, flooding them with light. “Everyone in. We’ve got a long drive.”
Dean considered Cas’ response for a moment before huffing out a small laugh, shaking his head as Cas stared at him with a confused look. “You think that wouldn’t have helped clear my head?” he asked, admiring the pink tint growing brighter on Cas’ cheeks.
Dean frowned, taking it upon himself to link their fingers, craving that warm touch, even if it did complicate things. Cas didn't say anything about it, but the smile on his lips was enough for Dean. "She mentioned that you're gonna be bossing me around until I get this thing off," he answered, suddenly not as angry as he was when Charlie told him.
After hours of tossing and turning, Dean had finally found a position that wasn’t absolute hell. He managed to drift off, but didn’t quite fall asleep before he heard the door creak open. He would have ignored it in favor of getting some sleep if he wasn’t sure it was Cas who was coming into the room. He heard the door shut gently and the thud of a pillow hitting the floor. Dean sat up in time to see Cas moving towards the floor to lay down.
“Don’t get all sappy on me now, Cas. I’ll see you in a few hours.” Dean opened the door for Cas to go inside, despite Cas’ hesitance to leave him. “I’m serious, Cas. I’ll be fine. Go keep Charlie company.”
“Glad to be back,” Dean answered, standing up straighter to show John he wasn’t going to drop to his knees and beg for forgiveness like he wanted. It never worked before, and Dean always ended up giving in to whatever John wanted, but this time he wasn’t going to. He was done being a doormat for his dad to step on. “I guess you’re alright with me and Jo sticking together out there? We’ll take Claire with us too.”
Dean suddenly felt hot, his vision blurring as he stumbled forward into Cas, two strong arms wrapping around him to catch him from falling.
And it was just that. A very brief moment. Not twenty minutes later, Dean heard the unmistakable voice of none other than John Winchester. Dean tensed against Cas’ side and Cas held him a little tighter, reassuring him he wasn’t alone. But Dean had to do this alone. It was now or never. He was going to get Kaia back even if he had to beat it out of his own father.
John didn’t seem to buy it at first, but he didn’t say anything about it if he suspected she was lying. “Of course,” he answered, reluctantly. “We could still get dinner, Dean. Me, you, and Sam.”
“Jack, you can have the same room,” Dean told him, after checking for injuries in the middle of their dining room, shining the flashlight in his eyes as he squinted and looked away. Luckily, the kid escaped unscathed. “Go ahead and get some rest, kid.” Jack nodded, his eyes heavy with sleep as he shuffled his feet down the dark hallway towards the guest room. Dean sat the flashlight on the table, pulling out a chair for Cas to sit down. “Let me fix your head and then we’ll go to bed too,” he said, guiding Cas towards the chair to sit down. He sat across from him, digging through the makeshift first aid kit so he could put stitches in Cas’ head.
"Kinda got shot in the arm, but otherwise, just peachy," he answered easily. He had to make sure to steer the conversation where he wanted it to go, to stay away from touchy subjects like Cas, or their dad. "How was your day, Sammy?"
Dean felt his stomach clench, the fear setting in as he thought about Sam and Jack being left alone in the house, ambushed by some crazy people. Dean immediately flung the door open, at the same time grappling for his gun at his hip. The second he met unfamiliar eyes, his finger brushed past the trigger, his eyes growing dark. "Step away from my brother," Dean growled, ready to do whatever he needed to protect his family. Cas stayed behind him, close on his heels. Sam was in the middle of the room, sitting on the floor with his hands tied behind his back. Jack was being held against the wall to the left, some guy's arm across his throat.
“You guys went on a date?” Charlie demanded, leaning halfway over the seat with a dramatically offended look on her face. “No one tells me anything! Where did you go? What did you do? Did you-”
“Joanna Beth, I swear to god, I will drive this car into a fucking tree if you finish that sentence,” Dean growled at her, the car swerving all over the road as he turned around to glare at her. Jo laughed even harder, collapsing into Charlie’s side. “That’s not even true. I’m not embarrassed about anything, I just don’t want you two idiots knowing about my sex life because you’re like the immature little sisters I never wanted.”
"Thanks, Charlie," Dean mumbled, giving her a grateful look as she beamed up at him. "I've never been good at apologizing or communicating. Never had much of a reason to, but I guess now's as good a time as any to learn, right?"
"I second that," Charlie snorted. "Keep it in your pants until he's done. John is expecting those papers tomorrow morning."
As if on cue, Claire came into the room, her face red and splotchy, along with red eyes from crying. "I heard you guys say it's time to go," she explained, casting a longing glance back at the room Kaia was in. "I'll come back after work, but you'll stay by her side all day, right?" she asked, looking between Cas and Charlie worriedly.
"You can't do this," John growled, sitting back on his legs as he looked up at Crowley. "We had a deal!"
"Heaven sounds boring," Dean answered, covering up a yawn as he shifted further down in his seat, getting comfortable. "Not that earth is much better," he added, realizing he had spent the last ten years in a dark bunker doing nothing but reading and talking to his little brother. He couldn't imagine what Cas had been up to this whole time, having been thrown to Earth out of no where. He probably had to learn how to live on this dump of a planet with no guidance from anyone, and that must have sucked.
After they finished eating, the teasing had died down. The weight of their current situation hung heavy in the air. Even Jack, the innocent kid, knew things were serious. Sam was the first to get up from the table, clearing his throat. “Jack, c’mon, I’ll walk you to work.” He gave Dean a pointed look, like every morning since they found out about John and the danger they could all be in if left alone. “Dean, meet you at the gate.”
Sam sighed, defeated, and opened the trunk of the Car as Dean checked in on Cas and Jack. After confirming with them that everything outside had been normal, he joined Sam at the gas tank of a nearby car so he could siphon the gas out of it. Dean had done it plenty of times, both before and during the apocalypse. John had taught him the skill at a young age, since hunting didn't exactly pay the bills.
"I'll be fine," Dean promised, pulling Cas closer as the angel slotted himself between Dean's legs, letting Dean wrap his arms around Cas' waist. "Thanks to you two," he added, giving Sam a proud smile.
“Alright, fine,” Sam sighed, following close behind Dean as they walked to the dining room where Cas and Jack were still sitting patiently, the same place Dean had left them. Sam hesitantly pulled out a chair, sitting down across from them. “Uh, hi,” he mumbled.
“Deal,” Dean answered, with no hesitation. He didn’t want to keep Bobby out of the loop anyways, but they couldn’t exactly tell him what they were up to at that very moment. “I think I heard the front door. Let’s go,” Dean said suddenly at the sound of the front door slamming shut.
Charlie blushed, giving Dean a nervous glance before smiling back at Jo. "Sounds like a plan!" she replied, letting Jo take her hand. "I hope Cas feels better soon. I've noticed he's been exhausted lately. Take good care of him, okay, Dean?"
But then he remembered how he left things with Cas and he knew he wouldn’t be able to sleep until he got this off his chest, even if he had to tell it to a sleeping angel. He carefully crouched down towards the floor until he was on his knees, level with Cas’ sleeping features. His mouth was half open, his hair going everywhere. Dean smiled softly, hesitantly reaching up to card his hand through that messy mop of hair.
For a few minutes, they fell into a comfortable silence, just enjoying the nice weather. "I haven't had a chance to really ask yet," Dean started, shoving his hands deep into his pockets as he glanced at the kid. "But how are you liking it here?" He knew Sam was happy, could see it in his face and the way he talked. Jack seemed content, but then again, the kid always seemed that way. He never had much resistance unless something really bothered him, so Dean figured he was happy too.
“That would be his own fault,” Cas rumbled, grabbing the front of Dean’s shirt to pull him in for another hard kiss. Dean stumbled closer to the bed, almost falling on top of Cas before he steadied himself with a hand on Cas’ shoulder. Reluctantly, Dean pulled away and sighed, resting his forehead against Cas’. “Is this your way of telling me no?” Cas wondered, innocently.
"Uh, I guess so," Jo answered, matching Cas and Charlie's equally confused faces. Dean smiled at them to assure them it was nothing to be concerned about, quickly dragging Jo outside the building so Cas and Charlie couldn't hear them. Jo stumbled out the door behind Dean, closing it clumsily behind her before turning to face Dean, her arms crossing over her chest. "What is it, Winchester?"
"This place feels like a dream," Cesar joked, but there was a look in his eyes that had a more serious tone to them. Dean didn't know what they had been through, what kind of demons they had fought to get here. Dean didn't ask, but he felt for them. Cas was right. He did like them. They seemed trustworthy. "But really, thank you, Dean."
“Oh god,” Charlie groaned, wrinkling her nose in disgust. “Did you guys have sex in the car? You could have warned me first, I would have brought disinfectant!”
"We've gotten closer, Dean," Cas spoke slowly, his expression softening, a much better look on him than the hurt Dean caused. "I want to keep getting closer. I don't want to lose this- us," he admitted, sincerity in his words. "In the few years since I lost my grace, this is the most human I've felt." Dean didn't speak, mostly because he didn't know how to respond to that. He wasn't sure what Cas was saying, only that it was good things. Things that made Dean's chest tight, knowing whatever was between them was getting dangerously close to being more than just friends. Dean wanted that, but it was impossible. He had to stay far away from those feelings.
“We gotta talk,” he said simply as Charlie narrowed her eyes in confusion. Dean sighed, stepping to the side to reveal Claire, who had been strategically hiding behind him this whole time. Charlie’s eyes widened in surprise and Claire shrank closer to Dean’s side. “Where’s Cas? This is important,” Dean added, looking around the room for his angel.
"Awesome," Dean replied, sarcastically. "Untie my brother and tell your guy to get his hands off my friend," Dean demanded, debating on stepping closer. Sam looked like he wanted to say something, but in his position, he didn't talk. Dean taught him better than that. Jack on the other hand, he sort of looked terrified.
"Dean," Cas' voice rumbled, making Dean jump as he hadn't even heard the guy walk into the room. He turned around to face the angel, leaning back against the counter. Cas stood there casually, arms at his side, just his normal stoic expression on his face. "I'm sorry if I embarrassed you in front of your brother. I saw how red your face was-"
"That was the deal," Crowley articulated slowly, eyes locked with Dean's for a moment before he turned his attention to Cas. He suddenly grabbed Cas' arm hard, forcing Cas to his knees as the angel cried out in pain.
“Uh, Cas, what are you-” Dean started to ask, but he soon forgot how to form a coherent sentence when he felt Cas’ tongue swipe over his hole, hot and heavy as Cas rested both his hands on Dean’s ass, massaging gently. “Oh my god, that’s- wow, fuck,” Dean moaned, burying his face into the pillow beneath him. He gripped the sheets so hard, his hands were already starting to cramp up.
"Cool," Jack answered calmly, the word sounding odd coming from him. Dean figured he was picking up on the lingo from the other teens around the neighborhood.
Dean swallowed hard, trying not to let that accusation hurt him. “No, Cas, you’re not a burden. You can help us find supplies and the sleeping arrangements are nothing. That’s the least of my concern. Please come back with me?” He wasn’t sure why he was trying so damn hard. He didn’t get rejected much, so he guessed that was why he kept trying. “Besides, we’ll probably move on from the bunker soon. It would be nice to have someone to talk to who isn’t my little brother. We can find a place with more supplies, more light, and I don’t know, some place we can all fit.”
“I don’t know if it’s His doing,” Cas replied, his face full of doubt. “My father has been absent for a long time. No one has spoken to him.”
"I'm going," Dean said firmly, taking the medicine from Cas' closed fist by prying it free. Cas glared even harder, but Dean ignored him and swallowed the pills with a gulp of water. "What, are you giving me the silent treatment now?" Dean raised an eyebrow, waiting for Cas to say something. Instead, Cas turned away from Dean and made himself busy cleaning up the old bandages and alcohol wipes. Dean rolled his eyes with a heavy sigh. "Seriously, Cas?" He wouldn't have gotten into this with Kaia in the next bed, but she was conveniently fast asleep again, so Dean just kept his voice down.
“Oh, so easily,” Dean admitted shamelessly, leaning down to give Cas a lingering kiss, slipping his tongue past Cas’ lips just to tease him a little. He pulled away before either of them could get too carried away. “If we don’t get out there in the next five minutes, Sam’s going to bust down the door and see something that will scar him for life.”
It took him four hours, but he finally finished the book. Cas was still gone and Dean was getting a little worried. He put his book back on the coffee table, sinking down lower onto the couch, curling up with Cas' pillow under his head, breathing in the sweet scent. The weight of his eyes and the exhaustion plaguing his body became too much and it didn't take long for him to drift off into a deep sleep.
A look of realization flashed over the girl's features and she seemed to relax a little. "You're like, his uncle, or whatever, right?" she asked, and Dean only nodded, because what the hell else could he be? "So he sent you over to talk to Claire. . . because why?" She seemed unimpressed, but Dean didn't blame her. Why should she believe that Dean could be of any help? This girl didn't know anything about him.
A few seconds passed before the door opened an inch, Cas’ eyes staring into Dean’s. “It’s really you?” he challenged, not budging from the doorway. Dean was sure Sam had taught him about the different monsters that could look like people you knew. Shifters, Demons, and probably more he couldn't name right now due to pure exhaustion. The only thing he could focus on was the light in Cas' eyes, even at night. The blue was illuminated by the soft glow of the moon, staring into Dean's in such a tender way, it almost made Dean smile. But he had to focus.
"I didn't say that," Dean answered quickly, hoping to avoid conflict. He could go on one date and play it off like it didn't work out. He could tell her they'd be better as friends. Something like that. "Let's just get through this hunt and then we can dive into the details, alright?" he promised.
When they finally made it back to the bunker, the moon was still high in the sky without a hint of sunrise, meaning it wasn’t as late as Dean had thought it would be when they returned. Maybe it only felt like hours looking for them, when really it hadn’t been that long. Dean’s concept of time wasn’t great when he was worried.
Suddenly, Dean pulled his hand away and Cas  thought he had done something wrong. Worriedly, he tilted his head up to look at Dean in question, watching as he licked a stripe over his hand, slicking it with spit before wrapping it around Cas' dick again. "Oh my- fuck," Cas managed to get out, his head spinning for all kinds of reasons now. Dean chuckled, a low sound that vibrated against Cas' back. Dean's hand pumped slowly at first, his thumb still teasing Cas' cock every now and then as his wrist twisted just the right way, hitting  a sweet spot that had Cas moaning and writhing under Dean's arm. "That- god, that feels so good, Dean," Cas panted, head falling back against Dean's chest again, his eyes closed as he got lost in the sensation of Dean's hand pumping his dick, that thumb teasing his sensitive head.
Dean shook his head, shoving his face into his pillow for a moment before looking back at Cas, who was still just confused. He didn't understand why Dean was confused, so now they were both sitting there with stupid looks on their faces for completely different reasons. "Cas. . ." Dean drawled, their eyes locked. "If you couldn't sleep, why the hell would you move to the hard floor?"
Before Dean could process the situation, Cas stepped in front of him, his hands curled into fists at his sides. “What do you want from Dean?” he asked, an edge to his voice that Dean had only heard a handful of times when Cas argued with John. It seemed like there was something between these two, like they knew each other, but Dean didn’t think that could actually be possible. This man was a stranger, just some asshole who could possibly be a monster or something.
"Yeah," Dean croaked, rubbing a hand over his chin. "We have to get John to Crowley. All I was thinking about when I made the deal was how much it would hurt to lose Cas. I know there are so many things I could have asked for, but. . . I need him to be okay."
Cas was the first to pull away, despite being the one who started it. Dean complained, trying to dip back down for more, but Cas sat up to get away from those distracting lips. "We have to finish our project," Cas explained, and Dean groaned with a dramatic look on his face. Cas chuckled, getting out of bed to find something to wear. "We can get breakfast first," Cas offered, and Dean immediately perked up.
Jack opened his mouth to reply, but Dean cut him off before he could say something stupid, like the truth. "He's sixteen," Dean lied, giving Jack a stern look when the kid looked like he was about to protest.
"Bullet went through the skinwalker, then right into his arm," John explained, letting him go as he finally relaxed against the hard mattress of the hospital bed. "I'm pretty sure it's still in there," he added, taking a step back to stand next to Bobby.
"I appreciate it," Dean answered genuinely. Finally, after getting his shoes on his feet, he gave a vague "see you guys later," and hurried out the door, eager to get to the bottom of whatever the hell was going on. He had a sinking suspicion that if Kaia really was missing, John had something to do with it. If that were true, Dean would seriously consider beating the shit out of his own father. It wouldn't be the first time he thought about it, but it would be the first time he actually did anything about those thoughts.
“This feels much better. Thank you,” Cas said, as they turned around at the same time. Cas’ eyes lingered on Dean’s chest for a moment, but then he looked away quickly. “Are you sure you don’t want me to sleep on the floor?” he asked, lingering on the edge of the bed.
Cas leaned his head forward, pressing a soft kiss to the palm of Dean’s hand. “Goodnight,” he answered. Finally, Dean drifted off to sleep.
It was quiet when Dean walked into the medical building, but he could hear the faint scuffle of shoes on the wood floor coming from the back room. He knew Cas was the only one there, so he didn't bother announcing his arrival, instead just heading back to where the angel was. When he found Cas, he was on the floor with his head ducked under a cabinet, probably counting the contents. All Dean could think about, however, was Cas' ass in those tight pants, just right there in front of him. He felt his breath hitch in his throat, the heat taking over his face. He wanted to touch, but Cas didn't even realize he was there yet.
Today, everyone was getting assigned partners for the biology project they had to do over the weekend. Castiel had been dreading this assignment since it was brought up weeks ago, yet here it was. He took his seat in the front of the classroom, distracting himself by working on the math homework due later that week. Class hadn't started yet anyways, so he didn't want to get too worked up about the project just yet. Maybe he'd get a good partner, someone who would help without having to talk much. Better yet, he'd even take a partner who didn't do any of the work because then at least Castiel didn't have to talk to anyone. He could just do the work and turn it in and this nightmare would be over.
"What happened to you?" he demanded, but it was soft and patient at the same time. Dean swallowed the lump in his throat, trying to avoid talking about how he hurt himself. Instead, he suddenly remembered Kaia was watching them and he flicked his eyes over to her, catching her smile. Cas followed Dean's eyes, a small gasp leaving his lips as if he had just now noticed she was in the room too. "I should have let Charlie finish her sentence," Cas mumbled, his face red. "Hello, Kaia. It's good to see you safe."
She grinned, pocketing her small hands in her light jacket, shrugging her shoulders. "I get it. I'm not what you expected when John told you I was a girl, right?" she accused, and Dean gave her a guilty look that said everything it needed to say. Jo chuckled, as if it didn't bother her at all. "It's cool, Dean. Your dad has told me a lot about you, and I have to say, you're not exactly what I was picturing either."
"Don't worry about it," Dean said softly, moving a little closer. "Listen, I know you're worried, but we'll come up with a plan. For today, there's not much we can do. Let's strategize and come up with something that will keep us out of trouble, okay?"
"Great," Dean answered, taking her bags to pass off to someone else behind him. Cas was suddenly sliding out of the driver's seat of the truck, a smile lighting up as he found his place at Dean's side. "You met the new guys?" Dean wondered, hugging Cas' shoulders with a kiss to the angel's temple.
Cas blushed, resting a gentle hand against Dean’s cheek. “No hurry,” he replied, licking his lips hesitantly. “I still wish you would get up. I brought you breakfast.” Dean stared at his adorable expression a few seconds longer, unable to resist.
"You had the shotgun cocked and everything," Dean remembered, a small smile playing on the edges of his lips. Bobby huffed out a strained laugh, shaking his head at the memory. "When you found out what he did, how he sent me away for the whole year and lied to Sam about it, you actually almost shot him. I always felt guilty that I secretly wished you had pulled the trigger."
"Oh," Charlie answered slowly, sitting back down. "Well you can have him. He's helping Cas cheat anyways," she teased, easing the awkwardness in the room. Charlie was good at that. She was an awkward person herself, but somehow, she made things less awkward. Dean wasn't sure how that even worked, but it did.
Dean offered a small smile, the best he could manage with how awful he felt in that moment. "Maybe," he replied, followed by a small sigh. "This is kind of our first fight," he admitted, his face a little red as he said it. He'd spent two months trying to figure out his feelings for the guy, doing everything he could to see Cas smile. He avoided arguments at all costs. Now that Cas wanted to deepen their relationship by talking about personal things, Dean was freaking out.
She grinned, swaying closer to him. "Why do you want to get out of dinner?" she asked simply, then grabbed Dean's good arm to stare into his eyes. "And I want the honest to god truth, not some shitty answer."
Cas popped off of Dean's cock with a raised eyebrow, meeting Dean's hooded eyes with a fake glare. "Just because I'm a loser, doesn't mean I've never sucked a dick before," he reasoned, but he couldn't lie, so he immediately chuckled after he said it. "I mean, I haven't, but I could have," he defended himself.
“No one is going to stop you,” Sam retorted, taking a step back to allow Dean the freedom to choose his next steps. Was he going to listen to Sam’s voice of reason, or give in to his urge to run off and find Cas, then beat John to death after Cas was safe? Sam raised his eyebrows, as if asking what Dean’s answer would be.
"I can take care of myself," Sam assured him. Dean nodded, knowing damn well how capable Sam was, especially after ten years of fighting zombies next to Dean. He was strong and fearless, just like he was when he stood up to John all those years ago when he left for college. Dean was heartbroken at losing his brother, but so damn proud of Sammy for finally standing up for himself.
“It’s about dad,” Dean replied, watching Sam’s shoulders tense. “I’ll tell you, just as soon as we find Bobby. You both need to know.”
Dean swallowed the lump in his throat. “Yeah, I’m sorry,” Dean repeated. “What else do you want me to say?”
“Y-Yeah,” Dean breathed, spreading his knees apart a little further to give Cas more access. “It’s good,” Dean promised, when Cas seemed to hesitate. “Really good.” He wasn’t sure why they hadn’t tried this before, but it was definitely okay. Dean had never done this before, but with Cas, everything felt new anyways.
“You might have a concussion,” Dean explained, finding his door and pushing it open, letting go of Cas’ sleeve as they entered the room and closed the door behind them. “I’ll sleep on the floor and keep an eye on you. That’s what I do for Sam when he’s sick or hurt. That way if anything happens, I’ll be here to help.” He knew he probably didn’t need to baby Cas, just like Sam usually didn’t need to be babied. He couldn’t help himself. He’d been taking care of Sammy since their mom died, so it was just something he did without thinking. Whether it was Sam, or someone else he cared about, he had to make sure everyone was safe. Sometimes, even as his own expense.
Cas hesitated, licking his lips like he always did when he was nervous. He picked up on that from Dean, but now he did it all the time. "The other day," Cas explained. "When you asked me. . . you asked me if I wanted a romantic relationship with you." Dean didn't speak- he couldn't speak. His mouth had gone dry, his head spinning, his chest unbelievably tight. This was the moment he'd been waiting for, but dreading at the same time. "I lied, Dean. I want that. I want you."
"Fine, fine," Sam said, snatching the shirt from Dean's hand. "Cas and Jack went to go get us breakfast," he added as almost an afterthought, shoving the shirt over Dean's head unenthusiastically. Dean hummed in response, not really awake enough to be having full on conversations. He worked his good arm through the sleeve himself, but Sam had to maneuver the wounded arm through the sleeve gently without bending it, which was the part Dean couldn't do.
With narrowed eyes, Charlie scoffed. "You literally had Dean whispering in your ear two minutes ago telling you where to move your piece, Cas. That's cheating, is it not?"
Jo and Charlie shared triumphant fist bumps before Jo grabbed Dean's shoulder and planted a kiss on his cheek. "You're not gonna regret this, boyfriend," she teased, giving him a gentle shove as she let him go. "Now go help Cas count the inventory. No funny business until it's all counted!"
“Okay,” Charlie agreed, examining Dean’s injured arm carefully after walking around to the opposite side of the bed. She carefully helped his arm back into the sling before making him sit up and swallow down some pills to help with the pain. “I’ll let Cas know you and Kaia are both okay.”
John’s back was to them, just a few houses of space between them. Dean wasn’t sure how he got to him so fast, or where the strength came from as he grabbed the back of John’s coat and hauled him backwards, connecting his fist with John’s face. “I’m gonna fucking kill you!” he growled, paying little attention to anything around him other than his own father. He watched the blood pour from John’s nose immediately after the impact.
Dean watched Ketch talk again, but he couldn’t quite figure out what he was saying this time. “I think he’s talking about the next sacrifice, but I can’t make out the name,” Dean told him, just as Ketch looked up towards the window. Dean sort of panicked and lost his grip on the window, sending him and Sam both toppling to the ground.
“I read one of your dumb books,” Dean admitted. “Cas likes it when I read to him sometimes and we ran out of fiction books.”
Dean cut through the rope, keeping an arm around Cas to keep him upright. The hellhounds were closing in, their growling so loud it felt like they were drooling over Dean's shoulder. He needed to move faster, but it felt like his arms were filled with sand. Everything felt heavy. He was exhausted. He was doing as much as he could with what strength he had left. He finally got Cas free and had just enough time to haul him up onto his shoulder before the hellhounds started snapping at his heels. He took off at a run, unsure where he was even planning on taking Cas. He couldn't take him into the safety of the wall because he needed to summon Crowley to call off the hellhounds. There was no telling what the limits to the wall ever were. Maybe the hellhounds were strong enough to get past it and then they'd all be screwed.
Crowley hesitated, as if trying to find a way around using a name. “Yes,” Crowley admitted, narrowing his eyes. “A certain redhead girl that you two are rather fond of,” he added. “He’s on his way to get her now.”
." His eyes were pricking with tears but he held back the urge to let them out, gripping the edge of the table until his knuckles turned white. "I was seventeen then. I've had years to get over it. And now I finally. . . I have something that makes me-"
"Yeah," Cas mumbled, his hips involuntarily bucking up from the mattress into Dean's touch, wanting to feel his hands on his cock. "God, yes, Dean," he felt himself groaning as Dean wrapped one arm around Castiel's waist, holding him in place against Dean's chest. The other hand worked Cas' sweatpants down just enough to free Castiel's dick, painfully hard as he impatiently rocked his hips towards Dean's hand, wanting that touch, that warmth of Dean's hand.
“Great, then it’s settled,” Dean announced, glancing around the table to make sure everyone was in agreement. No one had any objections. Dean took that as a win. “We’ll pack up everything tomorrow and-”
"I'll talk to her," Dean cut him off, giving Jack a reassuring smile when the kid looked up to meet his eyes. Jack's lips tugged up into a small smile, a hopeful expression taking over his features. "You know if she's home today? I can go over now and see her," he continued, glancing at Cas to make sure he had no objections.
Suddenly, Dean felt very small. Of course, Cas probably thought Dean was using sex with him as a distraction. Dean did make it seem that way, but it wasn’t what he wanted Cas to think. It wasn’t that at all. “I was, but that’s not why. . .” he trailed off, unsure of what he even wanted to say. “I enjoy having sex with you, Cas. Not just as a distraction, but because I lo-” he stopped again, catching himself before he said something he couldn’t take back.
"Hey, I get it," Sam promised, his hand finding Dean's shoulder for a gentle but reassuring squeeze. "We'll figure out the rest later, after dad is gone for good. As long as Cas is alive, that's what matters, right?"
"Dean, I didn't-" he started, his face flushing a bright red. He was glad Dean couldn't see it in the dark. "I mean, if you wanted me to . . . reciprocate," he managed to get out.  "I can."
Dean chuckled, standing up straight and stepping away from Cas to avoid getting dragged back into bed for a good thirty minutes. They’d definitely be late for work if Cas got his hands on him again. “I won’t tell you no, that’s why I have to stop. We’re going to be late.”
Dean rolled his eyes, his arms getting heavy with the weight of the cans in his bag and water in his arms. “Just call me Dean,” he grunted, gesturing with his head for them to follow. He wasn’t sure why he was helping them because he never cared about the other survivors before. It was every man for themselves in this world. He knew he could take these guys easily if they turned out to be crazy murderers, but Cas just didn’t fit that description.
"You were gone all night, Dean. Do you have any idea how worried I was?" he hissed, his eyes glossy with tears. Dean swallowed the lump in his throat, his chest tight. Cas leaned in closer, his hands gripping the front of Dean's jacket. "I stayed awake all night waiting for you to come home to me. I kept thinking the worst- that something horrible had happened to you, or that your father got his hands on you and-" he cut himself off, clearing his throat as he looked down at Dean's lap, his hands dropping back to his sides. "I don't want you to go back out there because I'm afraid I'll lose you. Not knowing if you were okay. . . I never want to feel like that again."
“Fuck me, Cas,” Dean moaned, sucking Cas’ thumb into his mouth as Cas groaned softly, dragging his finger over Dean’s teeth and then back into Dean’s mouth. Dean moaned Cas’ name around the thumb in his mouth, over and over as Cas fucked him. His other hand was slow and gentle, exploring Dean’s back and down his side, his thigh, eventually coming to rest in Dean’s hair. Dean just kept saying his name, Cas, Cas, Cas, until he felt that warmth in his gut. “Cas, I-I need-” he started, trying to form a coherent thought as Cas slid two fingers into his mouth, dragging slow across his teeth as Dean chased them, loving the attention.
“Goodnight, Cas,” Dean whispered, leaning in to press a gentle kiss to Cas’ lips. It was just a quick gesture that Dean didn’t plan to happen, but he couldn’t help himself. He went to pull away, but Cas’ hand suddenly reached out and curled around the back of Dean’s neck, pulling him back in to crash their lips together again. Dean hummed in surprise, but relaxed into the kiss easily. Cas’ hand limply fell back to the couch, but his lips moved lazily against Dean’s. As much as Dean wanted this to continue, and as much as he loved the way Cas’ lips made his head spin in all the best ways, he had to pull away.
Cas managed to stay awake and alert all the way back into the neighborhood, but it helped when they ran into Sam halfway there. Sam was able to hold Cas up better than Dean, who was more exhausted then he was letting on. Sam seemed to notice right away, but he didn't say anything. He didn't ask any questions about the deal, or about the blood soaked through Dean's pant leg and the back of his shirt, where he hadn't even noticed he'd been clawed by the hellhounds.
wanted this alone time with Cas. “Maybe tomorrow, Dad. I’m gonna make sure Jo gets home safe and probably stay with her for a while.”
Dean raised an eyebrow, glancing at Cas as if he might know why Jack would want to tell a teenage girl about their relationship. When Cas shrugged, and Sam had a similar reaction, Dean turned back to Jack with narrowed eyes. "Why would you want to tell Claire about us?" Dean hadn't really had a normal conversation with the kid, so it didn't make sense why she was on the top of Jack's list of people he thought should know Dean's biggest secret. Of course he was curious as to why Jack wanted to tell her.
They made it to the medical building a few minutes later, after Jo had enough time to compose herself and think about what she was going to say. Dean walked in first and found Cas in the supply room restocking. Charlie was in the other room with Kaia, so Jo went off to find her, after they both wished each other luck.
“Yes,” Cas agreed, a frown set on his lips. He glanced at Jack, as if expressing his worry for the boy. Dean understood needing to protect your family and he felt bad about kicking them out after this. “Anyways, thank you for the meal. We should get going.” He pushed his empty bowl into the middle of the table with Dean’s, waiting for Jack to do the same. As they started to stand up, Sam stopped them.
"Hey," Dean cooed, his voice soft, his fingers carding through the hair at the base of Cas' neck. "We're not doing this again. Calm down," Dean whispered. The words sounded condescending, but they weren't. They were sweet and it was Dean's way of trying to help. Cas couldn't catch his breath this time, his chest was too tight. Even looking into Dean's eyes, he couldn't. He just shook his head, the tears pooling in his eyes, falling as he blinked slowly.
Dean smiled a little, standing back up to get moving. "Let's go. There's still a lot left to do." He helped Cas to his feet, mindful of the shape he was in. Cas let Dean hold him up and Dean didn't mention his own injuries as he stumbled towards the door with Cas at his side. He'd be fine until this was all over, then he'd let Charlie check him over for injuries. Until then, he just had to push through.
Dean had no idea how Cas could listen to him and count at the same time, but he obliged. "I spent most of the day at Bobby's," Dean started, the arousal picking back up as soon as Cas leaned over him again. It hadn't really gone away, but talking feelings with Cas made Dean temporarily ignore the straining erection in his pants. Now, there was no ignoring it. He swallowed audibly, squeezing his own leg to resist touching his angel. "Then I ran into Jo and Charlie before I came here. Jo invited us on a double date. Me and her, you and Charlie," he explained. He hadn't exactly told Cas that he was still 'dating' Jo, but he figured Cas would understand. "If you want to go," he added.
“Y-Yeah,” Dean panted, and that was all he was able to get out. Cas finally looked at him again, resting his forehead against Dean’s with a slight smirk. Dean couldn’t put into words how hot this man in front of him was. He couldn’t really put anything into words when Cas was touching him like this. Dean kept his hand on the back of Cas’ head, fingers threaded firmly in his hair to keep himself grounded. Cas carefully worked Dean’s underwear down his hips, just enough to get his hand wrapped around Dean’s cock. The second Dean felt the warm pressure of fingers on him, he couldn’t help the moan that slipped out.
"He's usually the best," Cas defended him as Dean slid around to his side of the table, resting his one good hand on the back of Castiel's chair. "Something must be on his mind to distract him like that." Jesus, Cas had no idea. Dean chuckled to himself, looking down at the top of Cas' head until Cas suddenly looked up, meeting his eyes. Dean could have easily kissed him like this, because he was beautiful, but Charlie was across from them and she was already gawking at them awkwardly.
Dean took a deep breath, deciding to ask anyways, even if Cas said no. "I thought you could tell me more about you," he admitted, licking his lips nervously. "About your family and how you became human. Whatever you're comfortable sharing," he added, to make sure Cas knew he wasn't trying to be pushy. He just wanted to know everything he could about Cas.
“Yeah,” Dean grumbled, turning to look at Sam once more before separating from him. “Take Jo with you,” Dean told him, waiting until Sam nodded before setting off with John, despite the sinking feeling in his chest. At least Claire would be with Bobby and Jody, so Dean knew she was safe. As long as Sam kept an eye on Jo, things would be fine. Dean only had to worry about himself.
After they picked up their dinner, Jo continued leading Dean to wherever the hell it was she was taking him. She just kept telling him, “Don’t worry, you’ll like it!” and that was the end of the conversation each time Dean asked. Dean was still recovering from the conversation with Cas only thirty minutes before, so he wasn’t much of a conversationalist when Jo tried to talk to him. He gave short replies, tried to smile sometimes when she looked at him, but otherwise, his head was spinning. As much as he tried not to think about Cas, he couldn’t help it. The words “don’t go” and “I want you” were playing on repeat in his mind and there was no pause button.
“Get behind me,” he whispered, gently shoving Cas towards Jack as he stood his ground in front of them, facing the front door. The footsteps outside were heavy and getting closer. Dean hadn’t fought anything but the undead in ten years, but he knew he still had it in him. He held his gun steady, pointed at the door to shoot whatever tried to open it. “Come on, you son of a bitch,” Dean grumbled to himself, getting impatient. Finally, the door shook as someone twisted the doorknob, shoving against the locked door. Dean put his finger on the trigger, waiting. The door flew off the hinges, revealing the monster. Dean saw the fangs right away and knew he had chosen the wrong weapon. “Damn it!” he yelled, as the vamp sent him flying across the room, right into the drywall. “Cas, take the kid and run!” he screamed, ignoring the pain in his back from the hard impact.
"No, it's not," Dean grumbled. "Look, can you please just figure out how to sleep in your own bed?" For Cas, sharing a bed would just be a normal thing friends did, because the guy had no idea how certain concepts worked. But for Dean, sharing a bed with Cas would be difficult. He wouldn't be able to sleep because he'd be so distracted by their close proximity. It would be impossible. Not to mention, Sam and Jack would know if Dean stopped sleeping on the couch, and they would easily be able to tell he was sharing a room with Cas.
"It's just what we do around here," Dean answered with a small shrug. "Take the rest of the day to make yourselves at home, talk to some people if you want. Just get comfortable. I'll check in with you tomorrow morning."
"Okay," Sam answered, dragging the word out sarcastically. "Dad will be happy, sure, but what about you?"
Cas flung the door open, so now they were standing there face to face, silence washing over them. Dean seemed to have lost what he came to tell Cas, his mind blank, eyes staring into Castiel's. He swallowed, shifting the weight in his feet, trying to come up with something. He wanted to apologize, but he had too much pride. "We're going to get dinner," Dean suddenly remembered, the words catching in his throat as they came out.
They didn’t make it far before John stopped them, appearing out of nowhere since Dean clearly didn’t see him coming. He clamped a hand tight over Dean’s bad shoulder, squeezing hard enough to make him wince. He’d had plenty of time to heal, but with all he put his arm through, it was still sore. “Dad,” Dean grunted out, trying to ignore the worried look on Sam’s face as he turned to face John.
The woman he had his gun pointed at drew her own weapon, followed by three other people drawing theirs, all pointed at Dean. "You might wanna put that thing away," the woman said, her voice calm. Dean didn't budge, still aimed at her head. He realized he had four guns pointed at his head, but he really didn't care. "Put the gun down," she repeated, eyes narrowing. "Don't be stupid."
"We heard a gunshot," John said, eyes traveling to Dean's bloody arm. "What the hell happened?" he demanded, replacing Jo as Dean's crutch, forcing the girl to Bobby's side.
They were the firsts ones in the dining area this morning, most likely arranged by John himself. They wrapped up their breakfast, which was a helping of eggs and a side of fresh fruit, and then set off down the block for more walking. John explained a few things as they walked down the street, including that they grew their own food and raised livestock to have a steady food supply. It was limited, but they managed to build up their resources over the last ten years. John explained how the education worked, but there weren't many children old enough to be educated yet. Once kids turned sixteen, they were put to work with the rest of the neighborhood.
“Relax, dad, he’s just. . . protective,” Dean said, trying to keep things level. “He’s being a good friend, watching out for me, ya know?” God, why was his heart racing? He quickly wiped his sweaty palm on the worn denim of his jeans, swallowing the lump in his throat.
Dean knew this was going to happen, but he had to put his foot down. "You're injured, Cas, no," he argued.
“Food’s ready,” Dean told him, noticing Cas was already dressed in his own clothes again. Dean stepped into the room, glancing around at the freshly cleaned space. His clothes were neatly folded in his dresser drawers, his dirty clothes piled into a basket he forgot he had. Everything on his desk was organized neatly, a candle lit up on the shelf to illuminate the cleanliness.  “Did you clean in here? Cas, you didn’t have to do that.” He felt a wave of embarrassment, thinking about Cas going through all of his things. It was a nice gesture, but this guy didn't even know Dean.
Cas stood, setting his inventory papers on top of the cabinet before walking over to Dean, placing his hands on Dean's chest. "I would love some company," he said, kissing Dean gently, but still somehow stealing Dean's breath away. They'd really only kissed outside of sex like twice, so it took Dean by surprise. The way Cas was so tender, his hands feather light on Dean's chest, his lips warm and inviting. It was amazing, getting to kiss him this way. There was no rush, no implications of going further. It was just the two of them, greeting each other in a way normal couples did.
"Okay," Jack agreed, following Dean's lead as he got up from the rickety old table, his heavy boots slapped the wood floor when he walked towards the door. As they made it outside to the sidewalk, Dean let Jack pick the route they would take. He didn't have a particular destination in mind, so it didn't matter much to him.
Dean rolled his eyes, grasping Cas' shoulder as he moved behind his chair. "If there is anything to plan, you'll be the first to know," he promised, then turned his attention to Cas. He leaned down, pressing a warm kiss to Cas' temple. "I'll meet you at work after I talk to Claire, okay?" he said softly as Cas' hand covered Dean's, squeezing softly.
He only felt himself breathing again when he realized Cas was holding out a hand to help him up. Dean stared at the hand, the outstretched fingers that had been holding the severed head only moments before. Dean let out a shaky sigh, taking the angel's hand even though he didn't need it.
"Creep," she mumbled, cracking one eye open to look at Dean. "I promise I'm still breathing." Dean let out a small breath of relief after hearing her talk, but his ears burned with embarrassment. Kaia smiled softly, slowly letting her eyes adjust to the light spilling through the window.
"Dean, I don't understand," Cas continued, refusing to let it go. "We have been sleeping together for two months. What's the big deal?"
Surprisingly, Charlie only looked at Jo and sighed. "You'll make sure he's careful, right?" she said, as if Dean weren't sitting in the same room as them.
Crowley seemed interested now, narrowing his eyes. “If he were to break his end of the deal, his soul would be mine.” As he said it, realization settled on his face. “You would not be at fault if that happened.”
“Not yet,” Cas said, his voice rougher than normal. He slowly circled the pad of his thumb over Dean’s slick hole, taking his time to drag his mouth across Dean’s hot skin, over his ass and the inside of his thighs. Dean let out a shaky breath, his hips jerking back into Cas’ hand involuntarily. “Shh, Dean, relax,” Cas whispered, swiping his tongue over the red marks his mouth had sucked onto his skin.
"Wait," Dean cut in, his heart hammering against his chest. "You mean to tell me- you're telling me that Jack, innocent and sweet Jack, is Lucifer's kid?" Cas hadn't come out and said it, but it was the only logical explanation. Jack was half angel, which didn't happen often as far as Dean could tell.
“Oh, thank you,” Cas replied, setting the clothes on the bed as he immediately began to strip his clothes off. Dean’s eyes widened in surprise, the heat creeping up his neck as he told himself to look away, but he couldn’t. He watched Cas’ back muscles move as he dressed himself. Shifting uncomfortably on his feet, Dean tried to think of something else to say, so it wasn’t so awkward. Cas turned around before Dean could think of anything, holding his suit and trench coat in his arms. “Uh, I appreciate this, Dean,” he said, an endearing look on his face.
"Hey boss man," Claire beamed, jumping out of the passenger side of the truck with a grin on her face. Dean rolled his eyes at the greeting, after telling her many times in the past few years to stop calling him that. "We stumbled over some survivors. Did the routine monster check, the questionnaire to make sure they're not serial killers, and they're ready to meet you."
“Like what?” Dean replied, rolling his eyes. He could still feel Cas fuming behind him, eyes staring past Dean and into John, like he wanted to punch his lights out. As much as John deserved it, that was
Dean held onto Cas for as long as possible, since no one could see them in the back of the group. It was only when they came to a halt in front of a large house that Dean slipped his fingers back to his own side. Cas glanced at him with a questioning look, but Dean wasn't able to give him a good answer. He couldn't tell Cas that the reason he wouldn't hold a dude's hand in front of others was because of years of conditioning. Years of hating himself for liking things he was told he shouldn't like. Things he couldn't get past, even now, well into his thirties.
"Of course, angel," Dean mumbled, the pet name slipping out without meaning to. Cas looked at him curiously and Dean blushed, hoping he'd forget about it. "Sorry," he added, just because Cas wouldn't stop giving him that look.
Sam hesitated for a moment, leaning against the doorframe as he shoved his hands in his pockets. "After I lost you out there, I ran into Bobby. I filled him in about what was going on. He went after John and I went after you. If we're lucky, he might have found him by now."
"I don't have any food," Cas blurted out, suddenly embarrassed. He really didn't think Dean wanted to eat expired chicken nuggets, so he didn't have anything else to offer since he hadn't been to the store.
"Dude, you have to sleep in your bed!" Dean cried, wishing he could somehow get it through Cas' head. "You'll adjust to the new environment with time, okay?"
Dean sniffed and pushed away the tears, leaning into Cas' gentle touch. "It will be, just as soon as I get you home safe and find John."
"Dean," Cas said quietly, but not exactly enough to keep Jack and Sam from hearing. "Are you coming with me to work today?" he wondered. Dean didn't see why he wouldn't, considering they had been going together for the past few days. Maybe Cas wanted a repeat of yesterday, fooling around in the back room before John showed up and killed the mood.
Dean already knew where this was going, so he spared her having to say it to him. “It was John,” he finished for her, making sure to keep the anger from clouding his thoughts. He didn’t want Kaia to think he was upset with her, because it was all John. He could have pretended what Crowley said was all a lie before, but now that Kaia had her memories back, there was no denying it.
Dean had officially been in his stupid, constricting sling for two weeks today. Two weeks of not being able to use his right arm and having to be extra careful so he didn't have to spend even longer in the damn thing. He had to sleep a certain way, which made cuddling feel like an extreme sport sometimes. After telling Sam about him and Cas, they'd been spending every night in the same bed. That was about a week ago, if Dean was counting right. On top of trying to find comfortable ways to sleep, switching between big and little spoon to accommodate his injured arm, the sling also got in the way of
"What the hell are you talking about?" Cas nearly growled, his heartrate speeding up again as he felt the panic start to return. Dean must have noticed too, because he pushed himself in closer to Cas' space, his expression softening. "I don't think I'm better, Dean! I-I don't have any friends! I'm a-a loser and I- I hate myself more than you could possibly hate me. I - Dean, you don't understand how much I want to just-" he cut himself off before he could say something stupid, and because he felt like he might puke if he kept talking.
"I'm here," John whispered, squeezing Dean hard against his chest, the pressure sending a wave of calm through his body. Slowly, John pulled away, enough to see both Sam and Dean. Surprisingly, the man who never shed a tear after Mary died, had tears in his eyes as he admired the sight of both his boys standing in front of him. "I searched for you," he admitted, shaking his head, the guilt taking over that smile on his face. "For months, I sent out search parties. Even after people wanted to stop looking, I went out on my own. I never stopped looking."
Cas stopped moving for a moment, then straightened up to look at Dean. The moonlight shining through the window showed some of his features, but not clearly. “I-I’m sorry,” Cas said, clearly anxious. “I wasn’t going to bother you, Dean. I just- I had that nightmare again and I couldn’t sleep. I know we left things kind of unfinished earlier, but. . . I didn’t want to be alone.” Dean could hear the pain in his voice, the threat of tears in his eyes. Clearly, Cas didn’t remember any of the conversation they had earlier. Dean figured as much.
Without looking up, Dean continued walking, pressing hard against his temple in hopes of alleviating some of the tension in his head. He didn’t even register that someone was yelling his name until there were two hands gripping his arms tight, shaking him back to reality. Dean lifted his head, meeting Cas’ eyes. “Hey,” Dean croaked, his hands shaking as he reached for Cas, any part of him he could hold. Cas looked angry, more than angry, really. But he still let Dean in, holding him close as Dean desperately held onto him, burying his face in Cas’ neck, despite the fact that people could see them. Dean wasn’t thinking about anything but holding Cas, letting the angel comfort him.
"What are you talking about?" he retorted, shaking his head dramatically. "I'm a ball of freaking sunshine. They love me." Jo laughed again, throwing her head back as they bantered back and forth. Dean enjoyed making her laugh, but not in the same way he enjoyed making Castiel laugh. The feeling in his chest was completely different. Watching Jo laugh, he felt warm and comfortable, like he did with Sam and Charlie. With Cas, it was a tight feeling in his chest, one he didn't quite understand. Warm and comfortable, but also hot and intense.
Cas helped Dean out of his shirt before attaching his lips to the skin on Dean's neck, sucking gently before nipping at the reddened skin. Dean made a noise of approval as Cas kissed him, his hands threading through Cas' hair, tugging gently. Gradually, Cas mouthed down Dean's neck, sucking at the skin near his collarbone just to hear him gasp softly, his grip on Cas' hair tightening just a little. After a few moments, Cas kept going, kissing and lapping at Dean's chest, enjoying the feeling of the hot skin beneath his touch. He flicked his tongue over Dean's nipple, just to tease him, and Dean nearly jumped off the mattress in surprised.
“I’m not using her,” he lied, swallowing the lump in his throat. “But if you ever threaten Cas again, you’re dead.” John started to retaliate, but Dean cut him off before he could get a word out. “And, you’re going to bring Kaia back to her friends. She’s an innocent kid for god’s sake, dad. She doesn’t deserve whatever shit you’re putting her through.”
"I suppose Michael and Raphael found something in common," he answered, his voice wavering slightly. "They wanted us gone. With their power combined, we were no match for them. We had the numbers, but they had power. We were forced out of our home, sent to Earth with the demon virus infected humans." He paused again, his eyes closing for a moment as if he were visualizing something in his head. "For the first few years, we fought off the undead easily because we still had our grace. We couldn't be infected, or killed by those things. But then we came face to face with Lucifer. . ." he trailed off, chewing on his bottom lip. Dean knew he was hitting a breaking point because Cas only chewed his lip when he was upset.
"Can we not do this right now, Cas?" Dean hissed, glancing in the direction of the living room nervously, hoping they were being quiet enough that the others wouldn't hear. Sam and Jack didn't need to know they were arguing and they definitely didn't need some stranger knowing their business, no matter how nice the girl was. "I get that you're pissed at me, but maybe it can wait until after dinner before we hash it out," he continued, his own anger scratching the surface. Cas was the last person he wanted to be angry with, and really, it wasn't the angel he was mad at. It was himself, for acting like a child and running away at the first sign of difficult conversations.
“He brings me useless souls, like the girl I let back into your care. What I need is a soul with more power. . . a soul like John Winchester.” The look on the demon’s face was a hard one to read, but Dean understood the words well enough.
Dean dropped his bag to the floor beside him, knowing this conversation was going to take longer than he thought. Cas wasn’t weak, so Dean couldn’t just push his way out the door without a fight. His only way out of this was with sound reasoning. “So you just want me to sit and wait until John takes one of our friends again? Or maybe he’ll just go for who would hurt me the most- you. Then what, Cas? It’ll be too late.”
Dean pulled out a chair next to Ellen, sitting down with the best smile he could manage. “Listen, Ellen, there’s something I need you to tell Bobby when he comes back.” He had a serious tone in his voice that made Ellen shut her book and meet Dean’s eyes with a firm look on her face.
As if he knew Dean was thinking about him, Cas quietly opened the door after a small knock, not bothering to wait for Dean's answer before coming into the room. He left the door wide open, which was fine because Sam was probably up and roaming around. "I brought coffee and breakfast," Cas said, putting a sleepy smile on Dean's face. He walked over to the bed, sitting the cup of coffee on the side table and the plate of food on the bed next to Dean. "You look horrible," Cas sighed, hesitantly reaching a hand to brush through Dean's hair.
“Dean, you need to stay calm,” Sam was saying, as Dean finally looked up to see what the hell had him so concerned in the first place. By the time Sam got his sentence out, Dean was already ripping his arm away from Sam. All he could see was red. John Winchester, walking down the sidewalk with those other two assholes. As if they didn’t kidnap Cas and hand him over to the King of Hell. “Dean, this isn’t going to help!”
Cas was quiet for too long, so Dean glanced up at him with concern. Dean still couldn’t figure out what Cas was thinking. He ran a hand over his jaw, looking past Dean. “You’re sorry?”
Cas looked at him, a smile replacing his usually unchanging calm expression. "Yes, just happy you and Sam are here," he replied, making Dean's heart swell.
Dean started to agree, and it was only then that the realization sank in. Charlie probably thought Dean and Cas were. . . in a relationship. And not just a friendship, but like, romantically. The way Dean had been talking about him, how could she not? Dean was so stupid.
“I did,” Dean cut him off, his face a little red. “Are you in a hurry to get my clothes off or something?” he teased, his eyes adjusting to the light coming through the window as he looked up at Cas, all wide awake and looking refreshed from a night of sleep.
“Dean, I heard yelling,” Cas said, his eyes flicking over to Dean’s for a moment. “Maybe it’s time for your father to leave.”
Claire seemed to relax more now that Charlie was siding with her, just as Dean had assured her she would. “You’ll really help me?” Claire asked, a hopeful look on her face as she hugged her knees to her chest. “I tried confronting John about it, but he didn’t believe me when I told him Kaia would never run away. I couldn’t exactly tell him how I knew that was true.”
“I can tell them,” she finally spoke, her voice small. Cas shoved his papers to the side, giving Claire his full attention. Charlie leaned forward, her elbows resting on Dean’s bed as she, too, gave Claire all of her attention. Claire looked at Dean, unsure, but he smiled and urged her to continue. “Dean and I need your help coming up with a plan to get my girlfriend back. She disappeared two days ago and I know she wouldn’t just leave me without saying goodbye, so she’s out there somewhere. She’s probably terrified, so we have to find her.” Claire’s voice wavered, but Dean was just proud of her for talking about it in the first place. He knew if he were in her place, having to tell people that Cas was missing and no one knew where he was, he’d either be crying his eyes out like a big baby, or out there killing things. Claire was much more put together than he would be.
Dean readjusted until his arm was wound tight around Jo’s shoulders, pulling her closer in what he hoped was a comforting gesture. “We haven’t talked like this all week,” he said softly, glancing at her with a warm smile. “How did it go? Did you tell her?”
“This place is nice,” Dean said, breaking the silence. They unwrapped their dinner plates and sat across from each other, both on the edge of the blanket to put as much space between them as possible. Dean struggled to balance his plate on one knee while eating with his left hand and momentarily laughed at the thought of Cas offering to feed him.
With a small sigh, Dean sat up, rubbing his eyes which still hurt from exhaustion. Despite having Cas beside him last night, he still didn't sleep well. They didn't do anything but talk last night, and a few kisses here and there, but otherwise innocent. Dean shouldn't have been this tired, but there were a lot of things going on in his head that kept him awake. He felt bad because Cas never went to sleep until Dean was snoring beside him, so Cas had to be exhausted too.
“Cas, please,” Dean begged, his fingers going numb as they gripped the sheets harder, his hips rocking back into Cas’ face, wanting more of Cas’ tongue inside of him, but also dying for Cas’ cock instead. “I need- need more,” Dean pleaded, turning his head to the side so he could breath, so Cas could hear him beg. “Need you, Cas.”
"Yeah, see you," Dean waved her off, watching as she gave a quick goodbye to Charlie and Cas, and then she left, leaving an uncomfortable silence behind. Dean walked back to the table, pulling up a third chair without a word. Cas and Charlie were still on the same game of chess, both staring down at the board intently.
“Okay,” Cas agreed, a hint of a smile on those lips that hardly ever did anything but frown. “I’ll stay with you.”
Dean looked around the dark room, feeling around for anything to use as a weapon. He felt a metal bar, probably attached to some kind of rack for clothes. "Cas, watch out," he warned, putting himself between Cas and the metal rack as he pried it apart. Once the bar was free, he held it carefully at his side, moving back into Cas' personal space so they were face to face again. He couldn't hear the vampire outside the door anymore, but it had to still be in the store. It was still light outside and vamps hated the sun.
"Dean," Cas mumbled, his hand dropping from Dean's neck. "I would have been fine. You could have made sure the wall-"
Cas pressed a gentle kiss to Dean’s lips, pulling away before Dean could get too carried away. “I’d love that,” he answered, smiling softly as Dean stepped back to look at him. “I’m finished here, so we can leave whenever you’re ready.”
"We should get going," Dean said, not really wanting to deal with John's shitty attitude if they were late. "Let's grab Claire so we can go."
“Jack,” Cas warned, grabbing his shirt to pull him away from Dean with a small tug. “Personal space.”
Dean didn't look convinced as he opened the passenger door again, grabbing Cas' arm to guide him into the seat. "I'll just take you home," he said, much to Castiel's relief. He made sure Cas was in the car all the way before closing the door and taking his spot behind the wheel. "Address?" he demanded, and Cas told him, his voice still shaking. Dean glanced at him a lot during the drive to Cas' house, but he never said anything. The silence was actually great and it wasn't as awkward as Cas thought it would have been. Before long, Dean was pulling up to the curb outside of Castiel's house, throwing the Impala into park.
The man turned his attention to Cas, his smirk growing. “Hello to you too, Castiel,” he chuckled coldly, taking a few steps closer.
Somehow, they ended up here, with Cas angrily towering over John's nearly unconscious body after beating the shit out of him. Dean had thought about intervening a time or two, but he felt like stopping Cas in the middle of whatever the hell that was, would have been more dangerous than letting it happen. Besides, John deserved it and Cas didn't seem phased by nearly killing him.
Dean wanted to say it back. He opened his mouth to say the words, right on the tip of his tongue, but he never got the chance. A frantic banging on the front door ended the moment quick, bringing both Dean and Cas to their feet. Dean gave Cas a guilty look and Cas smiled back, wiping his tears away as Dean moved across the room to open the door. Jo stood on the other side, looking extremely distraught and upset.
"You're not responsible for what happens to me," Cas cut him off. Dean looked at him with curious eyes, wondering what was going through the angel's head. "I appreciate you taking us in, but I'm not just going to sit around while you and your brother risk your lives for us. I'm going with you tomorrow. There's nothing you can do to stop me." It was the first time Dean saw Cas really stand up for himself, which was a good thing despite the fact that he was arguing against Dean. Cas needed to have that kind of strength to get by in this shitty world.
Charlie stood in the middle of the living room, struggling to get out of the grip of two of John’s men. Dean recognized them as some asshole named Ketch and John’s friend, Martin. Dean didn’t like either of them, especially not now that he knew the truth about John. They probably did all of John’s dirty work.
“I’ll tell you later,” he promised, grabbing Jack’s arm to get him moving. “Have you seen Sam around?”
As they left the house, they fell into a comfortable pace walking down the sidewalk. Charlie had taken it upon herself to get introductions out of the way, so everyone was acquainted now. For a few minutes, she grilled Sam about his knowledge of all things nerdy and Sam was happy to oblige. She talked to Jack for a few minutes about all the great events they put on for teens and Jack seemed more than excited to meet other kids and have something to do. The whole time she interacted with Sam and Jack, Dean walked behind them with Castiel. However, they had so much space between them, they would have had to yell to have a conversation. That is, if they had be talking, which they weren't.
Ignoring Dean's half-hearted advances at morning sex, which was always on the table, but Dean didn't expect anything, Cas leaned back down to peck Dean's lips. "Let's go get food," he said, dragging himself out of bed. He started to dress himself, so Dean groaned and followed his lead. He was able to get dressed without Cas' help, even if it took him longer than it should have. Once they were dressed appropriately to go out in public, they walked out of their room, only to find Sam and Jack sitting at the table with food already in front of them.
Dean hated having to rely on other people, but he especially hated this. He was trying to avoid being alone with Cas, since he could hardly control his thoughts- or certain parts of his body- when he was around him. Yet Charlie was saying he had to spend every waking moment with the guy? He had to let Cas take care of him while he didn't have use of his arm? He was pretty sure things could only end badly for him.
Cas stirred in his sleep, but his eyes stayed firmly shut. Dean sighed, the sound of snarling hellhounds outside the door forcing him to his feet. He found the paper in his pocket with the spell to summon Crowley and quickly grabbed the bag with all of the ingredients. After dumping them all out of the bag and onto the floor in front of him, Dean started mixing them in the large bowl Charlie threw in the bag. He didn't get more than halfway into the mixing when the door began to shake. The familiar sound of growling and snapping meant Dean was about to have to fight a hellhound.
As much as Dean wanted to sleep next to Cas every night, they both agreed that it was a one time thing- at least for now. Dean didn't want Sam or Jack to start asking questions, especially while things were still. . . new. They hadn't even talked about it much, not since their little moment in the back of the medical building. After John reduced Dean down to a crying, dramatic mess, Cas had held him until Charlie came into the room to interrupt them. She didn't ask any questions, but the look on her face revealed that she had a good idea what was wrong with Dean. After that, Dean excused himself with a lame excuse of not getting much sleep the night before, which wasn't exactly a lie, and went home.
Dean sighed, wishing he could crawl under the blankets and fall asleep again, but he wasn't nearly tired enough to call it a night. "I was hoping. . ." Dean trailed off, feeling pretty stupid for bringing it up. How could he ask Cas to talk about such personal things when he couldn't tell Cas anything remotely personal. The closest he ever got was telling Cas about Mary, but he didn't talk about her death, just how much she meant to him.
“It’s complicated,” Cas sighed. He glared at Jack, probably for bringing this up. It was Dean’s fault that he asked about the kid’s age, but he wasn’t expecting something like this to come up. “Jack is a Nephilim. His dad was an angel, his mother a human. He aged very quickly as a baby."
For the next three hours, they played chess, though Dean spent most of that time teaching Cas how to play. They played a few other games when Cas got frustrated with chess, but Dean beat him at those too. Eventually, it was time for dinner, and Cas happily cleaned up the games on the table so they could all walk to dinner together, with Charlie tagging along of course. After dinner, they spent some time at Charlie's because she had better games that Cas enjoyed. Even Sam and Jack were having a good time. When it was pretty late, they thanked Charlie for her amazing hospitality and finally went home, ready for bed.
"We, uh- we only need one room," Jesse insisted, leaning closer to Cesar with a nervous smile on his face.
“We’re almost there,” Jo announced, tightening her small hand around Dean’s as they ducked under low hanging tree branches. They were within the walls of the neighborhood for now, but they were getting dangerously close to the edge. “Just past the wall,” she continued, which was what Dean was afraid of. He was lucky he had his gun stuffed into the waistband of his jeans more often than not, because it would probably come in handy tonight.
Jack seemed to relax a little when he realized Dean wasn't angry with him for asking about telling Claire. He opened up a lot more now that he felt safe enough to do so. "A couple days ago, Kaia left," he shared, a sadness in his voice. "It was in the middle of the night. She never said goodbye, or told anyone she was leaving. Claire thinks something else happened to her, but she said no one believes her." He paused, staring at his empty breakfast plate with a deep frown. "I believe her, but I don't know how to help. I just wanted to do something. . . cheer her up, maybe. But if you don't want me to say anything-"
At the touch of Cas' fingers, Dean pulled away, not bothering to tie it because he was going to change out of those clothes anyways. "You left it behind yesterday when you and Jack left. I planned on keeping it, since I never thought I'd see you again, but. . . you're here now, so you should have it back." He resisted the urge to grab it again, just to feel the fabric between his fingers as he stood this close to Cas. He wanted these feelings to fade quicker, so he could stop feeling so bad about being around Cas.
“Yes, Cas, she knows how I feel about you,” Dean answered quickly, trying to avoid making things awkward. He set the bottle of water to the side on the table, letting out a small sigh. “I never outright told her anything, but apparently I’m not as slick as I thought I was.”
"Dean," Cas whispered, his thumb brushing across Dean's tense jaw, slowly calming him down, just with that touch.
"That was. . ." Dean started, trailing off. Why did it matter? So it was the same vampire Dean couldn't kill last night. He looked for that thing for an hour, but he couldn't find it. He couldn't kill it. He couldn't keep Cas safe. It almost killed Castiel. Dean almost got Cas killed.
Dean found himself smiling like an idiot, just thinking about how amazing that would be. If only it were guaranteed, it would make him feel so much better. But Dean wasn’t sure he’d ever escape John Winchester. For Cas, he’d sure as hell try his hardest to make it happen.
Dean said something else, incoherently as Cas gaped at him, totally confused. "Can I just sleep here?" Dean finally asked, though it already seemed like he was asleep, or close enough that Cas wasn't going to be able to get him up and out the door tonight. Not that he wanted to. "On the floor," Dean elaborated, his leg sliding off the bed as he made a move towards the floor.
“It’s fine,” Dean assured him, giving Jack a small smile. “Be careful out there,” he added, watching them walk away. He wasn’t sure why, but there was a knot in his stomach that he chose to ignore. Once they were out of sight, which took nearly five minutes for them to turn out of view at the end of the block, Dean headed back inside to finish his meal. Sam hadn’t moved from the table, but his food was gone. “You get enough to eat?” Dean asked him, offering his own serving to his brother. He was hungry, but Sam was the sick one.
Dean snorted, rolling his eyes. "Yeah, that's kind of the issue. I'm not great at communication," he explained, staring at the back of Cas' head, nervous for a second that the angel could hear him. But he strained his ears enough to hear Cas deep in conversation with Sam, so he knew he was fine. "He wants me to open up more about my past. . . things I'm not ready to talk about with anyone. I shut down when he brought it up and I don't know how to tell him that I just can't tell him, no matter how much I want to." Dean wasn't sure why he was going into detail for this woman he had just met, but Charlie was just one of those people who made you feel safe and understood. She was a stranger, but she didn't feel like one.
Instead of voicing all of that, of unloading more on Cas on top of his childhood trauma, he just smiled, licking his lips nervously. "Thank you, Cas," he mumbled, forgetting for a moment how close they really were. Cas' hand was still close to his face, resting just at the base of his neck, almost touching the soft skin of his throat. Dean turned to face him without thinking and their noses bumped gently together, reminding Dean of the situation. He immediately swallowed down the lump in his throat as Cas' fingers pressed into his skin at his neck, slowly sliding up past his jaw to cup his cheek gently. Their eyes met, and in that moment, Dean could have kissed him. He would have- if not for the perfect timing of his cockblocking little brother, screaming Dean's name from down the hall.
"Dean," Cas breathed, eyes half-lidded, a hint of a smile on his face. "You're quite the tease," he rumbled, making Dean's dick jerk at the husky sound, reminding him how aroused he was. He ignored his straining erection begging for attention, instead focusing on the beautiful man in front of him.
Charlie chuckled softly, her small hand slipping into Dean's, a warm feeling that was nothing compared to Cas', but still appreciated. "He went to pick up dinner for the three of us," she said, as if she could read Dean's mind. "He'll be back any minute."
Dean rolled his eyes, shoving Sam's shoulder to get him out of his face. "Quit being so nosy and get the tube to fill up the gas tank," he snapped, stuffing the shirt into the pocket inside his jacket, away from Sam's lingering eyes.
Cas nodded eventually, still silent as he started to push his way past Dean out into the hallway. Dean didn't want to let him go without hearing him speak, but he knew people were waiting on them. Without thinking, Dean reached out, wrapping his fingers around Cas' upper arm, stopping him easily. Cas spun around to face Dean, a frown set into his lips. Dean cleared his throat, looking off to the side, not able to face Cas' judgmental stare. "Are we really going to do this whole silent treatment thing?" he asked, still too proud to just say three simple words. An apology would have solved this whole thing, but he couldn't bring himself to say it. That was another part of his destructiveness. He ruined relationships with people. Friendships, family bonds, romantic relationships. The only person he hadn't managed to drive away in his life was Sam. It was always a matter of time.
. He had Dean falling apart under his touch, wanting to cry out Cas’ name, but barely refraining. If not for Cas’ thumb lazily fucking into his mouth, he would have, but he focused on that instead. He ran his heavy tongue over the pad of Cas’ finger, closing his eyes to drink in the pleasure of Cas stroking him slowly, even with nothing but the steady leaking of Dean’s cock to ease Cas’ fingers over his length. Dean moaned quietly against Cas’ thumb, tugging gently on Cas’ hair just to keep him close, to keep feeling Cas’ teeth scraping against the delicate skin of his neck, and sometimes his collarbone, probably leaving red marks that Dean hoped would go away sooner rather than later.
“Just checking on you,” Dean answered, lingering in the doorway. The silence settled only for a moment as Dean thought about telling him where he was going. It would make Sam happy, most likely, but he would also want to come with him. Sam was still recovering from his intense cold and could hardly walk across the bunker without coughing up a lung. There was no way Dean was letting him outside the bunker.
Dean felt relief wash over him now that he knew the people were safe. He knew Sammy would be able to come up with something using that big brain of his. "Do the people know. . ." Dean trailed off, hoping Sam knew what he was asking. He didn't really want to talk about John and the shit he had put everyone through, especially since that part of their lives was over for good.
Cas shook his head, jerking his hand away from Dean's grip, but at least he didn't run off. At least he stayed. "It's not you," he sighed, rubbing at his temples as he took a step back, leaning against the wall as Dean stood fixed in the same spot, confused as hell. "It's just-" another sigh. "I don't want to talk about it," he finally said.
"So, we're okay?" Dean asked, leaning back against his heels, swallowing the lump in his throat. He suddenly felt pretty pathetic, begging on his knees like this, but he didn't move. He kept his eyes on Cas, praying the guy could forgive him and things would go back to normal. Normal being. . . Dean pining over a guy, knowing he couldn't have him, even if Cas did feel the same. Perfectly healthy.
Cas frowned as Dean tried to wipe some of the dried blood from his forehead. "It wasn't your fault, Dean. You couldn't have known your father was coming after Charlie. I hope you haven't been blaming yourself all day," he said, resting a shaky hand on Dean's neck. "Besides, you saved me, didn't you? Everything is okay now."
Dean understood that, because it was exactly what he was going through. John deserved the consequences, but something about sending your own father off to die just didn’t feel right, no matter what he had done. “So, what do we do?”
"Not a real date, Cas, just a ruse so you and I can spend more time together. My dad thinks Jo and I are still dating, so we agreed to keep it that way. Jo knows that I'm with you. She wants to help us hide from John."
“The neighborhood or my job?” Cas retorted, crossing his arms over his chest. Dean found that watching Cas assert his dominance was pretty. . . arousing. He desperately tried looking away from him in hopes of avoiding an awkward boner in front of his dad.
Cas leaned in closer, fitting their lips together for a gentle kiss. He brought his hands up to cradle Dean’s face, his touch light and tender. Dean loved kissing Cas like this, slow and unhurried, like they had all the time in the world. He loved the soft, barely there touches of Cas’ lips brushing against his, moving along his jaw as his fingers trailed through the hair along the base of Dean’s neck, sending shivers down Dean’s spine. Dean felt safe, something he hadn’t known in years, maybe even since his mom was alive.
A few seconds later, Bobby came into the living room, looking at the two brothers for a long time before he frowned. “What the hell happened now?”
"We're a mess," Cas mumbled, not particularly worried as he tugged Dean in for a sluggish kiss, nipping at Dean's bottom lip teasingly. Both his arms wrapped around Dean, gently pulling him in closer until Dean was resting his head on Cas' shoulder, his lips brushing against the sensitive skin of Cas' neck occasionally. "Napkins are in the living room," he added later, still neither of them moving beyond an occasional kiss wherever lips could reach.
He paused, turning to look at him again. Dean caught himself smiling and almost forced it away, until realizing no one else could see it. Without thinking much, he let his fingers card through Cas' messy hair, just for a moment. "Goodnight, Cas," he mumbled, standing up straight again. The angel stirred in his sleep, but didn't wake. Dean carefully left the room, easing the door shut behind him. As soon as he fell into his pile of blankets on the couch, he was out.
“Yeah,” Dean grunted, trying his best to cover up his emotions. “Just get the stuff on this list and meet us at the edge of the forest behind the building. We need to leave a message for Bobby and then we’ll be back.”
"Went to the park to read a book," Dean answered almost too fast. "Just you and me, baby." He leaned down, pressing a chaste kiss to Cas' lips. Cas caught him before he could pull away, slotting their mouths together for a deeper kiss, pulling a small groan from Dean's throat. "Please, Cas, let me take care of you," Dean mumbled against the angel's lips. The words slipped out between kisses, Cas not allowing him much time between. Dean didn't mind, he loved kissing Castiel. He didn't think he'd ever get tired of kissing him. It'd only been three days, but still, it felt exhilarating each time their lips met.
