Cas watched Dean’s reaction.  He still had his eyes on the ring and his finger was gently caressing the metal.  He wasn’t sure if he should have said the last part, but he wanted Dean to know.  He needed to convince him that Cas still wanted him and everyone else could go to hell.
He turned once again and looked at Charlie.
Cas looked stunning as usual in a slightly darker version of the outfit Dean wore.  He looked happy and excited and when their eyes locked, Dean knew that he would be the happiest man alive for the rest of his life.
“Thank you.  That’s very thoughtful.  I enjoyed the train, though.  I could get up and move around when I needed to, so it wasn’t too bad.  Thank you again for letting me come by train.”
“Known that I love you, Dean,” Cas told him.
Dean nodded, feeling badly that he had barely spared a thought for Cas’ parents while they had been in the infirmary.  He rose and made his way over to the other side of the room with his mother.
He liked the pace they were going.  It was nice to get to know someone and Dean realized that he could easily fall for Cas.  Cas seemed to be in to him too and it felt like they were comfortable with each other.  Dean thought about how open he had been with Cas and how Cas hadn’t shied away from asking about the wine for dinner.  Dean was more cautious with people in general and tended to keep them at arm’s length.  Cas was definitely different and Dean was glad.
“Thanks, Ellen.  This was good.  I miss having everyone together.”
“Well, let’s see what Sam thinks.”
The only person he did talk to with any regularity was Benny, who seemed to be the only one who not only saw Dean’s changes, but encouraged him and was happy for him.  Benny and Cas got a long well, even though Dean always felt like there was a little edge of competition between them.
Cas was quiet a moment, absorbing Dean’s words.  Before he could fully comprehend what he had said and form a reply a soft snoring floated through the air.  Cas looked down to see that Dean had fallen asleep on his chest.  Cas pressed a kiss to his blond head and reached to turn out the light.
“Dean, now you listen-“ Ellen began but she was cut off by the front door opening.  Suddenly, Dean had a small blond haired child in his lap.
“I’m ok,” Cas whispered.  He hoped it was true.
The first weekend in October, Cas and Gabe were working with clients.  Cas didn’t mind the weekend work, but Gabe had grumbled about it the entire way up to the orchard.  The clients were happy sampling the wine offerings so Cas agreed to walk around with Gabe for a few minutes to get some air.
He and Cas had also discussed his finances before they were married.  Cas wanted to make sure Dean knew what he was getting in to.  It seemed so interesting to him that these were things that they probably should have been talking about and working through last year before they mated.  Maybe they would have as the date got closer, but Dean didn’t think so.  He had been so young and innocent.   While he was independent to an extent, he was content to follow the alpha and marry and mate the man that he loved.  He could have cared less about money, even if he did think about it.  He could have cared less about how many children Cas wanted because Dean would have given him any amount he desired.  He didn’t think about where they would live or paid attention to the Novak business other than his personal interests in marketing.  Those were things that they had talked about and agreed on together this time.
Cas gestured to their position.  “Is this normal?” he asked.  “Is it normal for house omegas to sleep in the alpha’s bed every night?  Is it normal to be this affectionate when we haven’t even knotted?”
Dean couldn’t have asked for a better friend and clasped their arms together before he gave a short nod and strode down the hallway and across the castle to the private council chambers.
If Cas didn’t want Dean and only wanted Emma, then Dean would accept that, too.  Emma’s question about her alpha bounced around in his head as he dried his mouth and changed his clothes.  Now that Cas was back and he was going to stay in Lawrence, Dean knew that he couldn’t keep Cas away from his pup.
“Stop.  Sam, stop, please.  I can’t think of anything like that right now.  I can’t think beyond today and tomorrow.  There are so many things that I don’t have an answer for right now and I just can’t.”  He turned his face away, willing himself not to cry again.
“Thank you, honey.  I just wanted to see if you were ready for me to call you a cab or if you’re staying for a while.”
Dean nodded and Cas felt the soft press of his lips on his neck.  He was able to even out his scent and hold Dean until he fell asleep.  Cas couldn’t quite relax enough to let sleep claim him.  He lay awake for hours replaying their conversation and thinking of all the places he went wrong.  The guilt that sat heavy in his chest threatened to suffocate him and only the warm press of his omega and pup against him kept him from getting lost in his grief.
Dean laughed as Cas used his strength to pickup Dean, bridal style of course, and opened the door.  He wrapped his arms around Cas’ neck as they crossed the threshold to their cabin.  The happy scent of proud alpha wafted through Dean’s nose and he sighed in contentment.  He caught sight of his left hand where a new ring sat with the engagement ring.  They were married.  Finally.
After lounging around the rest of the morning they dressed to go to Cas’ parent’s house.  Cas wore the new tie Dean had gotten him and Dean put on the suit he had bought a few weeks before.  Dean wasn’t usually into holidays where you had to suit up, but he found he didn’t mind it with Cas.  The Novak’s had money but they weren’t stuffy.  Cas had told him that he could almost guarantee that the ties and jackets would be off between dinner and dessert.  He said his parents liked them to be dressed for the dinner, but it was more relaxed after.
“Okay, Charlie, the ambulance will be there soon.  I’m on my way.  Call downstairs and let them know.”
“Thank you, Cas,” Dean whispered.
.  She was currently wiping the counter and tidying up their breakfast trash.  It was clear she had been the one to plate the food and have it ready for them.
When he woke, he was spooned up behind Dean and the omega was pressed back against his chest.  Cas’ arms were around him and their legs were tangled together.  The warm cocoon they were enveloped in caused no small amount of pleasure and he nuzzled the back of Dean’s neck in appreciation.
“Dean, please, stop,” Cas implored.
Dean nodded and chewed on his nails.  He needed to stop that habit.  He put his hands under his thighs to try and keep them out of his mouth.  He saw Cas’ mouth turn down slightly and he knew that not only was Cas able to see his physical tell, but his scent was laced with nerves.
Dean took a half step back and Cas mirrored his movements.  Dean stepped back again, a little to the side this time and Cas came with him, still alert, eyes trained on Dick, but moving to protect Dean.
“Well, there are four extra bedrooms up there,” he said as he tilted his chin to the house.  “I think we should fill them.  There’s a perfect room for a nursery.”
After that, things went back to their normal routine.  Cas worked on getting Dean an appointment somewhere to see about the pup and Dean continued to putter around the cabin.  He tried new recipes, kept up with Sam’s progress and helped Ellen and Bobby as much as he could and generally tried not to go crazy.
When they got to the house Cas opened his door and escorted him up the stairs.  He chuckled a bit as they approached the door.  Dean turned to look up at him.
Cas seemed relieved and chuckled.  “I’ve been working up to asking you out for the last several weeks at the studio.  Every week I think I’m going to do it and then I chicken out.”
Cas and Dean talked every day either on the phone or in person.  Cas had quickly gotten used to texting with Dean through the day and he knew that he needed to talk with his mother sooner rather than later.  He was working on a way to bring it up with Dean when he broached the topic for him the following week.
“Then put it to donate,” Cas told him.  “The less I have to pack and move the better.”
“Actually, I was wondering if you’d be willing to go to him.  I do not intend to take him away from the cabin at this time.  My wolf is…”  He sighed.  “I cannot lose him again, Pam.  I won’t risk him being discovered yet and I don’t want to worry him.  The last thing that we need is for the Pack Alphas to know he’s here.  I need to know that you won’t tell them.”
He decorated inside and outside and made the house look perfect.
Cas followed silently and they entered the cabin.  It was small, not meant for long term living, but it was clean and furnished.  Cas followed Dean as he walked through the living room and small kitchen that blended together, then the single bathroom before the two bedrooms at opposite ends of the hallway.
“I used to help run a shelter for abused omegas,” she told him softly.  “Omegas could find a safe place to leave their mates if they needed to, or if they were packless, or if they had been attacked, or really, any reason that an omega might need help outside of their pack.”
Dean took the sponge and began to wash the alpha.  Cas rumbled in his chest and Dean could scent his surprise.  He smiled and looked up to the alpha.
Dean appreciated the steady gaze and calm scent because he knew his must be going in many different directions.  Dean was scared.  Every single thing in his life had been turned upside down and now he had no choices about what would happen.  He was mated and pregnant and had no family or resources to help him outside of his alpha.  He would be completely dependent on Cas.
This got Emma’s attention and she turned to him with and excited grin.  “Yes!” she cried.  Dean smiled and nodded.  She hadn’t said anything about Cas this morning.  Dean wasn’t sure what to bring up.  Maybe he’d just leave it.  They were going to see Cas again tonight.
“Um, it’s not pretty down there, Cas,” he said again. Cas tilted his head in that wonderful way and Dean knew he was trying to figure out what Dean was talking about.  “There are scars, Cas.  Lots of them.  Stretch marks and loose skin.  And…a C-section scar,” he whispered.  Though many omegas had to have a         C-section these days, Dean still felt shameful because his body couldn’t do what it was made to do.  As an omega he should have been able to birth Emma naturally without any problems.
He caught sight of a fleece that was hung on the back of his desk chair as he looked around quickly.  He stopped and felt another crack open in his heart.  He stepped to it and pulled it off of the chair.  It was Cas’ fleece he had let Dean borrow on their last date, when he had gotten chilly.  Dean held it to his nose and whined in the back of his throat at the aroma that clung to it.  It didn’t belong to him and he couldn’t even take it with him.
Cas hadn’t allowed himself to think about Garth, or grieve for him until now.  Garth had died because of Cas and the guilt that he harbored was crushing.  Different scenarios ran through Cas’ mind as he sat waiting.  What if it had been another alpha who had come?  Maybe if Garth hadn’t been distracted by the horse he would have been able to see the attack coming.  What if Cas hadn’t asked an alpha at all?  What if he had just gone without someone?
“Alright, who else have you called?” he asked.  He grabbed his jacket and keys and exited the front door.
“It’s alright, Dean,” Cas said as he placed a gentle hand on his shoulder.  “We’ll get you what you need.”
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas said.  “This looks wonderful.  You’ll spoil us.”
Cas waved a hand weakly.  “I trust her to do the right thing.  She’s my PR director for a reason.  You two deal with it and print it.  I don’t need to be in the middle.”
“Emma,” Cas repeats.  Dean looks at him, trying to gauge his reaction.  “She’s lovely, Dean.  I only met her for a few moments, but your bond is clear.  I always knew you’d make a wonderful father,” Cas told him lowly, looking him in the eye.  Dean felt hot all over and shifted again in his seat.
“Not good, Alpha.  I don’t know if he will make it.”  She glanced back to where the other healer was directing soldiers to get Garth on a stretcher.  Dean noticed someone had gotten Bess and he was glad she was there.  He turned his attention back to Tessa.
With that, Cas went through to the mudroom and Dean stood there in his spot until he saw Cas walk by the window.  He shook himself and got going on cleaning up lunch.  He glanced at the clock and saw that it was almost eleven forty-five.  He quickly thought about dinner.
“Is it crazy that I think I’m falling in love with you already?” he asked Dean.
Dr. Mills said that the pining sickness would linger because of Emma, and it would pop up at times like this.  Times when he was reminded that other people would get their happily ever after and he wouldn’t.  There wasn’t anything standing in the way between Charlie and Jo.  And he couldn’t have asked for better friends.  He was happy for them.  Dean took a breath and opened his mouth as Charlie looked up at him.
“I’ll do whatever you need me to do, Dean,” Cas told him.  He touched the back of his hand with gentle fingers.  “Just let me know.”
“Just slightly,” Dean laughed.  “How long was I out?”
Dean took a seat on the other end of the couch and popped open the can.  He was aware that Sam was watching him, so he set the can down on a coaster and turned to look at him expectantly.
“Cas,” Dean greeted him with a smile at the door.  Cas took him in for a moment.  He was dressed in black slacks with smart shoes.  He had a black dinner jacket over a grey button up with a silver tie.  His green eyes sparked and Cas was breathless.
“Look at me,” Cas commanded.  Dean raised his eyes to Cas and looked into his clear blue eyes.   “I’m going to keep you both safe, Dean, I promise.  I’m sorry this happened.  I tried to be careful.  I really did.  I’ll figure it out.  We will figure it out.  You’ll be safe, Dean.”  Cas paused and seemed to be waiting for a confirmation that Dean heard him.
“John Winchester will never agree to this,” Naomi interjected sharply.  Dean turned back to her and he could see that she was trying to think quickly.  Cas was dead serious that he would take Dean and go.  The next alpha in line was an older, distant cousin named Zachariah that no one liked and, according to Cas, would run the pack as a dictator bent on his own pleasure and gain.  Naomi did
He had just come out of the bathroom in said sweats when there was a knock on his door.  He opened it and Benny was there holding his own bag.
“Yea, it always was.  If I did the dishes and had Sammy in bed on time and everything was done then he was proud of me for doing so much in the house.  Told me he could trust me to see to things while he was working.  Turns out that ‘working’ was another way of saying drinking.  As I got older it was more of the same.  If things weren’t done the way he wanted, when he wanted then I was useless and willful and didn’t listen.  I didn’t set a good example for Sammy.
The answer was yes.  He would stay until Cas asked him to leave.  Any part of the alpha he could have was better than none, even if it was only just a part.
“Are you in pain?” Cas asked crouching down to Dean’s level while he was sprawled on the couch.
“Enter!” Dean called.
Dean tried to reach out for him but he could barely manage to stretch his fingers.  Cas carded his hands through Dean’s hair.  “You’re safe now,” he told him.  Cas tried to breathe and calm himself.  He had to turn his face slightly away from Dean in order to get air that was not tinged with alpha spunk and Dean’s pain.
“Tessa suggested that you stay awake for a while, too,” he replied as he reached the door.  He shifted the tray to one hand and opened it with the other.  Benny was sitting in a chair in his usual spot.  He rose quickly when he saw Dean emerge.
Dean wasted no time that morning getting up and downstairs.  He put on a pot of coffee and poured in the new peppermint creamer he had bought.  He turned on the Christmas music he had downloaded earlier in the week and sang his way through making breakfast.
“Uhhh,” Dean began.  He wasn’t sure he could take any more today.  He took a shallow breath.  “Ok, hit me with it.”
Dean’s thoughts drifted back over the evening as he chatted with Cas.
Cas went willingly into his alpha’s arms and pressed their lips together.  Dean broke the kiss and nuzzled his neck, scenting him.  Cas bared his neck to give him better access and sighed.  Dean huffed a few breaths before he licked a stripe up Cas’ neck and cheek to mark him.  Cas shuddered in response to his alpha’s possessiveness.  He liked that Dean wanted to claim him.  Everyone knew they were true mates, but Cas liked being marked by him.
“Jo?” he croaked.
Dean stayed in the shower for a long time.  Cas left him alone and when he was pruned and hot he dried himself off and crawled straight into bed.  He tried to get comfortable but struggled to while he was worked up.  His appetite had disappeared again and he just wanted to sleep but he couldn’t.
And now he had so many people.  The feelings were overwhelming after not experiencing them for so long and the only person he ever had those fears about was his brother when they were in foster care.  He had only been twelve at that time, too.
She had given him some space for a while but was now after him again.  He didn’t want to go to war with his mother at ten in the morning and regardless, their arguments were fruitless.  She was relentless in harping on him for his duty to the pack and he was firm in his conviction that there would be no other omegas.
“I’m not-“
“You started without me,” his alpha growled as he came closer.  Cas turned his face towards his voice feeling the omega gold shimmering in his eyes.  He whimpered at his alpha’s potent scent as Dean knelt on the bed and ran a hand down his back to his ass.
Hi Dean,
Cas thought he saw a glimpse of a frown on her face but he dismissed it.  He grabbed his basket and they both exited the garden, latching the gate behind them.  Cas walked quickly down the path between the garden and the wall beside the kitchen.  He was headed for the training field, knowing Dean would be there with a dozen alphas who would be willing to go with them.
He turned the key and slowly started off.   Dean had left in plenty of time in case he felt like he needed to travel at a slower speed, or he couldn’t find the alphas.  Cas told him he just had to follow the black fence until he ran into two hundred head of cattle and he would find them, so that was what Dean did.  He took off over the field towards the back pasture where he would run into the black fence on the western side of the property line.
Cas was silent.  There was nothing he could say to that without a fight ensuing and he needed to keep himself together to make sure that Sam came out of this as Pack Alpha.
She sighed.  “Dean, you need an alpha.  Cas is an alpha.  He would do anything for you.”
“Cas, come on, you’ve gotta help me out.  He needs to talk to me.  I’m his brother, I deserve that much,” Sam said.  He was getting visibly upset and Cas could hear the hard edge creeping into his voice.  The fact that Sam was getting angry at Cas, over Dean not responding to him, after everything that Sam had done infuriated Cas.  That he was demanding that Dean talk to him because Sam needed him now pushed Cas from infuriated to enraged.
“Charlie, just tell me what happened,” Dean demanded.
“A little on the low end,” the technician said, “but nothing that I would be worried about.”  She glanced back to Dr. Milton for her assessment and she also nodded.
“Is-“ Dean swallowed when his voice cracked.  “Is there something I should know?”
Cas continued to stare.  Now he could see Dean clearly, he was even more awestruck.  Dean’s strong jaw was slightly stubbled, not having shaved in a day or two.  His smile revealed straight, white teeth and his muscles bunched and stretched as he dismounted.
Though Dean had some serious concerns about sharing, right now, he didn’t care about anything but the slick suddenly soaking his jeans.  Jimmy didn’t seem to have any other thoughts either because they left the basket on the ground and Jimmy carried Dean up to the back porch where he sat him on his lap and knotted Dean out in the open.
“I didn’t know you before,” she continued.  She looked up at him again as she spoke.  “The way you were before the drinking.  I didn’t know that Dean and I didn’t know that you could be like that.  I was always a little worried about your drinking but you seemed to enjoy yourself and you never did anything stupid, so…” she shrugged as she trailed off.
“What?” he asked.
“Your pack could outbid many others, and your mother probably would go after the land.  Do you think she would let the Winchesters stay?  After what happened with Dean and the broken engagement, do you think she wants to do anything for John Winchester?  Your mother is a good Pack Alpha, Castiel, don’t get me wrong, but that woman holds a grudge with the best of them.  She’d purchase the land just to look in John’s face and rub it in.  And then we have another problem.”
“I’m sorry, Dean.  That’s not my place, especially since…well.  I am sorry for you loss.”  Cas looked at him so earnestly, so apologetic.  Dean was confused.
“Come in,” Cas’ voice called.  Dean pushed open the door to see his alpha at his desk.
Meg began to take Dean’s vitals and Cas frowned.  “Not that I’m not appreciative of the care, Meg, but couldn’t you have done that during the interrogation?” he asked.
Dean sighed deeply.  “I know, Cas, thank you.  I’m just not sure how to handle some of this just yet and I don’t feel comfortable going out.  I don’t want anyone to recognize me,” he said softly.
He turned to look at Emma and glance at the time.  It was 6:39.  Jo and Charlie would be there any minute.  Emma had been fed and had elected to do her normal bedtime routine early with him, so she was already in her pajamas, wet hair combed and braided for sleep.
“Of course,” Lilith replied.  It seemed normal for her.  “Alphas could bite however many omegas they wanted.”  She paused to look at his face, taking in his shocked scent.  “How else would the alpha be able to stay calm while the omegas pupped?  Sometimes the alphas would have several omegas pup at the same time.  They would still need their release and omegas get to a point where they can’t knot while breeding.”
“How do you feel about that?” Cas asked him.
Dean must have scented his fear before Cas was able to react because his mate was already pulling away when Cas began to thrash and cry out.
Ellen reached over and clasped his hand.  “We’ll figure it out, Cas.  We will.”
Cas nodded.  “What’s going on?”
But he had always thought it would be something they agreed on prior to his heat.  They would have their own place with a nursery to decorate.  Their friends and families would celebrate with them and the packs would rejoice at another tie binding the Novaks and Winchesters together.
Dean stood and nodded.  “Yea, I was just waiting for Cas,” he told his father.
Dean could scent how the arousal and pleasure swirled in the air between them.  The scent of Dean’s slick added to it and Dean couldn’t hold himself back.  He couldn’t hold his scent and he knew his feelings had crept into his scent.  He didn’t know if Cas would understand what it was, but Dean couldn’t control it.
He thought as he plated his food and took it, along with a glass of water, to the sofa.  Maybe he could check online and see if there were suggestions for how to cook for one person.  Surely, he wasn’t the only single guy who liked to cook.
Dean cleaned up the kitchen as much as he could and kept himself busy.  At a quarter to eight he acknowledged that he was starving but the tight feeling in his stomach wasn’t from hunger.  He checked the phone for any messages for the thousandth time and sighed.
He watched as the alphas circled each other.  John taunted Sam but he didn’t rise to the bait.  Sam was already as tall as he was even though he wasn’t as broad or strong.  Cas looked around the circle of Weres and saw that there were several pack members from Eden and Morningstar as well as a few of his own.  He wondered if Crowley had made sure that there were witnesses from the other three packs besides Rowena and himself.
Dean blinked and swallowed his hurt.  “Of course, alpha,” he said as normally as possible.  Not only was Cas going to go around without him, he had commanded him to stay at the table.  He watched Cas turn and walk away without another word.  He looked down and was surprised when a swish of green dress entered his view in Cas’ seat.  He looked up to find Rowenna there with a cup of coffee.
His heart beats.
Castiel gulps down every drop, and he’s warm as they stand shoulder to shoulder, a weapon in each hand. A vampire at their feet. A grin on Dean’s lips that matches his own in a way. They drive back under rain, and Sam is asleep stretched out in the backseat. Him in the front next to Dean. Dean who smiles at him and says, “How about some tunes?”
“Goodnight, Dean.” He whispers, and if he catches the eye of Sam on his way out, that will stay between them, he’s sure.
Dean pulls out his machete, eyes on Castiel as he asks rushed and hurried, “Are you ready?”
They creep out of the old log cabin, the leaves crunching under their feet as they head to the Impala. Castiel goes to sit in the passenger seat, but Dean stops, his feet stilling as he stares at his keys thoughtfully. “You don’t sleep, right?” He asks it as though he wants a response, needs one. He already knows though.
Castiel enjoys each reunion like it will be his last, as though the face of this man, right here, right now, pulled away but still touching, it’s the last image he’ll see. The last fill of warmth in his heart. Beating too quickly, too much. It’s not about the touch, the feel of his body in comfort surrounding his own in a tight thing humans call a hug, instead it’s in that laughter. In this shared moment of relief, and something akin to happiness.
smile.
“Kill me. Send me to Mars, do whatever you have to, just don’t let me k- hurt anyone anymore. Cas, please.”
no longer mattering at Dean’s gentle teasing of Sam’s inability to look away from his phone. Eileen should be here soon, there’s a burger kept warm on the grill for her. Castiel finds she fits right in too. Finds a smile on her lips that’s all knowing, that’s understanding. That’s family.
“I think Jack proves that’s not true, don’t you?” He’s smiling, and Dean scoffs, but he’s smiling too.
Except his burns, it’s brighter in
“I’m going to kill, an- and I- I can’t, Cas, I can’t.” His voice breaks, his eyes breaking Castiel. He puts a hand on his shoulder, and Dean lets him.
He pulls him in and Dean lets him. “Okay, alright, Cas.”
At seeing him again. At knowing that the last goodbye wasn’t forever. That maybe it never has to be.
There’s nothing else to be said.
Dean falters before his next sip, but takes it all the same as he replies with, “He deserves it.”
He learns how to drive then, a smile of exhilaration on his lips, the windows rolled down. Autumn air flying through his hair. Dean with a bubble of laughter on his own lips that never comes up, but the smile is glorious. The car is beautiful. He is beautiful.
Whether he takes the honey or not, he’ll go.
The shaving cream is cleared away, wiped in warm water and a half cocked smile from Dean as he says, “Done.”
Dean’s laughter stops a little, a look of something in his eyes Castiel can’t quite place before his hand is on his shoulder. Before he guides him back inside. “Ah, never mind.” He slips in-between the crunch of snow under their feet.
It’s in his hugs, steady and sure, wrapped up in warmth. A tickle on his neck as a laughter bubbles up, almost like disbelief. He feels quite the same. His own comes up and they share that, this moment, once again together. No goodbyes anymore, except that there will be more, there will always be more.
Somehow it’s enough. Somehow, it’s all he’s ever wanted- needed, for true happiness.
Castiel stares at his hazel eyes. The excitement in his tone. The set of his shoulders ready to pounce, ready to kill. He smiles too. “I’m ready, Dean.”
His returning smile is breathtaking.
“Don’t worry, Dean, we’ll figure this out.”
It’s in the care and love for a whole town better of burnt to a crisp, destroyed for the world to live. It’s in the way that he’s so sure of himself, of human life itself. The way Dean tells him with a fierce tight lipped hard scowl, a hardness in his eyes, “This is what matters.” The children on the swing, a mother’s coo to her baby. A father’s laughter as he hoists his child up on his arms. Kids riding their bikes. Laughter and love, it aches him. Troubles him.
“Eat up.” Dean says as he puts the burger in front of him, one for Sam, and another for himself. They sit at the table in the bunker, research spilled between them all. Beers in each of their hands. Castiel doesn’t need to eat or drink, but he likes burgers. Loves the ones Dean makes, and beer with him, with Sam. Eating together. Laughing. It feels like the family he’s never known. The cold distance between his brother and sisters,
It’s in the burgers Dean cooks, happy and humming a tune in the kitchen. An apron draped over his waist, tied neatly in at the back. A pep in his step, an energy that screams of home and hot chocolate. Of laughter and the clinking of cups as snow blows them all inside. Card games and shouts of triumph at long held games of monopoly. Its hugs on cold days, and sad ones. Of a home that he’s always craved.
He lies too now it seems.
Castiel picks them up and stares at them thoughtfully. He looks to Dean who’s not quite smiling, but not quite doing anything else either. “You drive.” He says. “I’m too tired.” It’s a lame excuse. Castiel has seen him drive a million times with weeks of lost sleep, but this time he lies. He’s always lying, but rarely to him. He feels a pinch in his chest for it that he doesn’t really understand, but also a thrum of nervous energy as he plays with the keys in his hands. ‘
“No.” Castiel’s eyes scrunch up, confusion entering his stomach. An excitement peeking up for a reason or reasons he can’t explain. The keys are thrown to him and they land at his feet. Dean rolls his eyes again.
The first human that ever mattered.
It’s in the determination on Dean’s face, the endless sleepless nights. The care for the other, blankets slipped over in the early morning hours where only minutes have gone by of actual slumber. The hand on his shoulder and the coffee breath that makes his nose scrunch up. The bravado Dean displays even though he feels like they’re hitting dead end over dead end. The heavy set line of his shoulders as he says to Castiel, eyes tired as he rubs at them, rubs it away, “We should eat.”
“I’m not a hammer, Dean, I have doubts. I have questions.” So many questions. Why these people? Why him? Why them?
They watch the sunset and it’s just enough. A tangent, a closeness to the real thing he wants, and can never have.
It’s in the last goodbye that he shares with this man, the man who cares so deeply it rocked his very being. Still rocks it- him. It’s in the way Dean is left speechless in all his words. He doesn’t need him to say anything though, all he needs is this moment, burned into his memories, the most important, for all eternity.
“He’s found happiness.” He settles on saying as he sips the bitter liquid that is smooth now, that he’s grown to love, a better taste whenever Dean is near, whenever they share this.
They turn back to the town, and watch life pass them by, only this time, they’re side by side.
He hungers.
But Dean looks at him in awe, as though he’s given him some secret to the universe, when really it’s his own terrible secret. He thinks he can give Dean everything, all things, but this other thing, this starting of his heart that will not end, he’s not so sure.
He hears his heart beat, and…
It’s in the tearing of his skin as he’s peeled bit by bit back to reveal an angel underneath it all. A straight stand up soldier who does not question orders, ever. It’s in the bones that are broken as his mind is turned back to the right way it’s supposed to be. To obey. To not question anything. To not feel. To forget feeling.
“He’s a good, kid.” Dean whispers between a beer in the morning’s hours. His lips hovering over the bottle for a moment before he drinks. Castiel watches him, sitting next to him on cheap motel chairs, white and plastic. Outside the room, alone in the dawn of a new day.
A flash of something he can’t touch crosses Dean’s face, a dark shadow filled with rays of sun and light. Castiel imagines Lisa’s face, Ben’s laughter. He’s sure that’s what it is. As sure as the pain in his chest at the truth of it. But that’s a selfish pain, wrapped up for himself. In truth, he’d be the happiest, if only Dean was.
Dean pauses and halfway grimaces. “I’m not exactly a role model.” He says, a mirror of words he’s uttered only a few years before. Words that Castiel has memorized, and will never forget. As an angel, he can do that, as a being that exists, he chooses to.
It’s in the furrowed brows of a man who no longer dreams of a better life, of kids in the yard and a wife on his arm. No mechanic shop that he runs after his father has passed. No little brother, a dashing lawyer with a wonderful fiancée. No smile as he drinks a beer with dinner, just the one, never more. A man who now dreams of blood and violence, of a world where there is no more or no less. Just is.
“To saving the world.”
He’s human.
But he smiles with him.
And because he’s never been good at lying or holding back he tells him, “So do you, Dean.”
“Come on, Cas, it’s been what? Four years on Earth.” Dean has his hands on the zipper, pulling it up for him, a look of determination on his face, then with that same teasing grin that he’s always worn, only now a little more tired, a little more worn, he flips the hood over his head. A burst of laughter spilling out as Castiel looks up through the fur lined hood. He tries to glare, feeling that human impulse to do so, but honestly he doesn’t understand. He just likes the way Dean’s body moves under laughter, under happiness rather than sorrow.
’ He thinks, but does not say.
It’s in the way Dean smiles at him, relieved that he’s back, his heart jumping only to be brought back down as a phantom burning takes hold. A pain so unbearable, he’s pushing Dean away. He’s saying to him, “I serve Heaven, Dean, I don’t serve man, and I certainly don’t serve you.”
“Well?”
“Yes, he is.” Castiel replies, then hesitates, because he’s not sure if he should say it. If he should say any of it. It’s been so long among these humans, that he’s learned and he’s grown. He understands when he doesn’t want to. He loves without meaning to. Without trying. He says things that mean everything, and he never regrets them, even when Dean looks at him like he’s about to, lost, unsure, and somehow happy, but not quite because he can’t be. He’s not allowed to, not yet. “I think he gets that from you, being selfless. Caring only for others.”
It’s in the kid they share. A son. Jack Kline. He has his mother’s eyes, and her kindness to boot. He thinks nothing of himself, but always of others. His life means nothing. Castiel watches him and smiles, because he knows where that selflessness comes from. It’s in his blood, and it’s in how he was raised. Dean Winchester. Selfless to the end. Sam, kind. Him, trying even when he fails. A mother who never gave up on him, now he never gives up on anyone else.
“I don’t understand.” He says honestly. “What’s so funny?”
“What is it?” He asks.
“Guys, I’ve got something!” Sam yells, and it feels like too much too soon. His hand burns as Dean stands up, his fingers curling into themselves as the heat from his shoulder is lost. He takes a moment to think of what he’s lost, and then he walks over with Dean. Determination in the set of his own shoulders now.
And it’s enough, somehow. It’s more than he deserves.
“Sorry, but I’d rather have you, cursed or not.”
Side by side, and it feels little like purgatory, and a lot like
They kill. They hurt. They end.
Adam and Eve, man and woman.
He doesn’t care for himself, only others. Only Sam. Only the whole world. It makes Castiel care for him more.
Dean clinks their glasses together and smiles wryly. “To saving the world… From God.” He chuckles into his beer, and Castiel can’t help but smile, fond and terrible.
It sounds like a secret, like something he’s not supposed to say, like the other thing he’s not supposed to say, but this time he says it anyway.
“Who was with the horse?” he asked.
Cas giggled again and shook his head.  “He was in a perfectly good mood before you showed up, Mary,” Cas disagreed.
“Let’s go in the living room and talk some more.”  Dean silently followed Cas into the next room, Cas leading by their joined hands.  Cas gently guided Dean on the couch and slid the ottoman over so that he could sit in front of Dean.
“I need a ticket for whatever is leaving next,” he told her trying to catch his breath.  He figured he would go wherever and find central lands there.
When his knot went down and they separated Dean stood on wobbly legs and laughed at himself.  The alphas were less amused and Cas even stood to take his arm.  Dean shook his head and told them that he was fine, his legs were just asleep after being folded for so long.  He excused himself to the downstairs bathroom with his clothes in his hand.  He had waved away the alphas as they tried to follow him, telling them that he needed a minute.
“Only if you promise to tell me if you change your mind.” She leveled him with a stern look. He shifted uneasily, but promised her he would. “Alright then, things are picking up, so can you man the bar for a few minutes while I just get a handle on where we are?”
Dean was frozen in place.  Everything he was afraid of was being voiced by his father.  He knew he was ruined now.  He knew that Cas wouldn’t want to mate him now.  He knew that the pack needed the money and they weren’t going to get it.  He knew his father hated him.
Everything she had said about him was true.  He didn’t want it to be true anymore and he really did want to try and be different.  Be better for himself mostly.  He was trying, but Charlie’s words ran around in his brain where his brother’s started up again.  His good mood plummeted and he ended up leaving the mess and trudging upstairs to bed.
Sam sat forward and Cas knew he believed what he was about to say.  “Dean will find a way to make this miserable for me.  He constantly seeks attention from everyone, Cas.  I deserve this job and I deserve better than him messing it up for me.”
“Crowley, I’m quite aware of the Winchesters,” he said in a normal tone.
Dean remembered how a wide grin had spread across his face as they played.  His little brother was vibrating with excitement as they raced the cars around and around, making noise and cheering.  Becky was the announcer and the happy scent of pups filled the air.
Dean blanched and his throat closed around a lump again.  The prickle of tears in his eyes alerted him to the fact that he was about to cry, but it was secondary to the gut-wrenching pain in his chest.  The rejection tugged at the bond and he struggled to breathe.
Cas’ eyes widened for a split second before he jumped up exclaiming in joy.  “Dean, this is wonderful!  Congratulations!”
used a rut service while they were together.
He threw away a molded bit of cheese and a soft apple along with a few other things and sighed at what was left.  It wasn’t much at all and Dean didn’t know if there was anything in there he could use other than the half dozen eggs.  Thankfully they were still in date.  He closed the door and opened the freezer and laughed out loud.
“Yea, well, I’m going to try and stay at the firm and change my behavior.  I’m on the couch until she sees that I’ve done so.”
“Omaha?” Bobby shouted.  “What the hell is in Omaha?”
Dean felt a flood of relief at his words and relaxed slightly in Cas’ hold.  Cas tightened his arm in response but didn’t take his eyes off of his brother.
“Yea, he gets that way sometimes,” Dean told him.  He could tell that Cas wanted to ask more but he let the subject drop.
Jimmy paid the bill while he and Cas walked back to the truck.  When he opened the door to the truck, he paused with Dean caught between the door and the alpha’s broad chest.  Dean was sheltered from view and Cas tipped Dean’s chin to the side slightly.  Dean got the message and bared his neck fully for him.
Cas nodded.  “Just tell me what to do,” he said. She looked at him carefully and something in his face or scent must have told her that he was serious because she relaxed.
Dean nodded and they heard his phone ping again.  “You should check that,” Dean told him.
“Good night Jimmy,” he said.  Dean looked down the hallway and was relieved to see that Luke’s door was already closed.  He let the tension in his body release as he made his way down to Cas.  Dean could see how tired he was, but he was holding up better than Jimmy was.  Cas looked every inch a rugged alpha as he leaned against the door jam with his arms crossed and one foot hooked over the other.  He gave Dean a lazy smile and wrapped his arm around him.
“What?  Do I have food on my face?” he asked reaching for his napkin.
“Cas didn’t tell me and I didn’t ask.  Not my place,” he told her with a shrug.  She groaned at him and crossed her arms over her chest.
Dean glanced at the door, but he didn’t see any sign of Cas.  He tried to shake Hael off of him but she had a strong grip on his collar.
“Garth, Lilith and Cas,” the guard said.
A wave of heat rolled up his spine and Dean suddenly couldn’t stand to be in his shirt.  He lifted up and pulled it off of him just as there was a knock on the door.
“Hannah,” Cas greeted her.  “This is Dean.  Dean, this is Hannah.  She is a personal shopper here that has helped dress me very well for many years.”  He turned back to face her.  “We need a new wardrobe for him today.”
Cas found him, nostrils flaring as he took in the scent of salty tears and sour apples, clearly showing Dean’s pain and sadness.  He pulled Dean into his arms and rubbed his back.
Cas nodded at him and smiled slightly.  “I know, Dean, thank you.  There is bottled water in my office and I have had several of those since we got home.”
“May I help you put Emma to bed?”
“No matter what the number is, every omega carries it with them for the rest of their lives.  The alphas in our life put a literal price on us.  We’re basically sold for our purity.  I lost that because of some knothead alphas who saw me that night and thought they’d have some fun.”  Tears leaked from his eyes as he ripped open the painful memories.  “They didn’t care that they took something from me that I could never get back.  They didn’t care that I could lose everything I loved.  And because of
For months he had been inside the cabin and close on the property and it hadn’t made him antsy to be anywhere else.  All of a sudden, they have a plan to move forward and he can’t stand being stuck there.  He couldn’t shake the feeling that there was something that was not right with his pup and he wanted to get to a doctor.  He hated waiting for a plan to be put in place once it was decided what they wanted to do.  Being the middle of the winter in Kansas didn’t help anything either.
Cas slowed his progress as he approached the barn door and saw that it was ajar.  He stopped and peeked in.  Impala was in the first stall and he could clearly see Dean standing at the door stroking the horse’s nose.  Cas had gifted the horse to him as a late Christmas present when their neighbor wanted to sell him.  He was a few years old and gentle enough for Dean to handle as a beginner rider.  They had bonded well, even though Dean had only been out to ride a few times.
Cas glared at him when Jimmy smirked.  He knew he was acting strange.  No omega’s scent had ever affected him this way before.  For an alpha who had been reluctant to have a house omega in the first place he was already acting like a territorial knothead.  He knew it, he just couldn’t tamp it down.  Dean’s scent seemed to bring his alpha to the surface in a way an omega’s hadn’t before.  Cas usually kept himself in control.  He was the older twin, the more responsible one, the more dominant alpha.
“I don’t know, Ellen.”  Dean glanced up to look at her.  She was frowning at him.
“I mean that part of what I want out of being your mate is to take care of our space.  I want to be the one to make sure you have clothes to wear and the sheets are changed.  I want to feed you and take care of you.”
“Did you have something to do with that, too?” he asked him.
Dean felt Cas’ grip tighten on his hand but they turned around in time to see Jess wave from a few feet away.  They were standing with several other couples.  Dean sighed internally, preparing himself for whatever was to come.  Missouri’s words repeated in his brain.
“Cassie, I think you should-“
“House omegas and their alphas bond, but not like the two of you have.  You act like mates.  You both want to be mates, you just won’t see it.  I didn’t try harder to bond with him because I knew it would hurt you both.”
Cas blinked at him a moment.  “Where are we?” he asked, puzzled.
Dean had never lived with someone like this.  Even when he and Lisa lived together that last year, it wasn’t the comfortable routine that he and Cas had.  Looking back, he didn’t even really understand why they moved in together in the first place.  Dean wasn’t really in love with her and she obviously wasn’t in love with him.  Maybe he was just going through the motions.  Regardless, he and Cas worked.  He enjoyed having someone there to share space, cook for and share his day with.  Even though they spent most evenings together before, it felt different now.
Jimmy and Amelia had gone to town earlier and done the shopping and now he and Cas were headed in to have dinner.
Everyone in his family had come over to say hello but no one stayed.  Jess looked less than thrilled with Sam’s abrupt end to their conversation and he could hear her hissing at Sam as they walked away.
“I’m not going to rush this, Cas.  I want this to be special for you.  I want to take care of you.  You’re my omega, my mate.  I don’t want this to be quick and dirty,” he told Cas.  Cas could only nod and let Dean lead.
Cas nodded.  “Sounds like you’ve thought about it a lot,” Cas observed.
“I’m glad you finally got someone working for your attention, Dean,” she told him.  She gave him a final smile and left.  He looked to Becky and she just shot him a thumbs up and a wink.
Now, as he looked at Cas, he saw that his mate was serious.  “Are you sure?” he asked, nostrils flaring as he continued to scent the air.  A tinge of annoyance had seeped into Cas’ scent and Dean smiled.
Cas laughed and nodded.  “Of course,” he told her simply.  The confusion was back and Cas frowned.  “What?”
“Hey Ellen,” Dean greets her.
He chatted with several other kitchen maids as they made their way down the path to the side garden.  Cas loved this garden.  It was placed by the castle wall and surrounded by a short fence.  Bushes and plants designed to attract bees and other insects grew in a riot between the wall and fence and the vines crept their way along the lines of the fence to connect both places.
When the beta appeared once more he looked confident and even wore a slight smirk.
An unfamiliar red head was hunched over one of the laptops and there were two other female betas sitting with her at the table.  They each wore headphones and were completely absorbed in what they were doing.  Dean couldn’t see any of the screens in front of them and didn’t know what he would be looking at anyway.
“Everything is fine, Dean,” he told him softly as he reached for his clenched hands.  Dean looked up into the alpha’s earnest gaze.  Jimmy nodded and smiled at him as he stroked over his trembling fingers.  “We couldn’t be more pleased with you.”
“That’s alright, honey.  It’s the least I can do.”
Dean didn’t like the clinical way that the alpha had assessed the situation, but he couldn’t deny that Cas’ exit hadn’t been as hard as he thought it would be.  When the elevator doors shut behind Cas he stood there for a few minutes looking around.
“No, Dean, that’s not what I meant.  Please, listen to me.  I’m trying to get you to understand that even if it wasn’t me, this doesn’t make you any less.  You have been through a horrible trauma and now on top of it, you have to have someone to help you through this and there’s no shame in it.  I’m here because I want to be, not because I feel obligated.  God, Dean, I love you.  I would do anything for you.”
Finally, Dean sighed and took the mug from Tessa.  He came to the side of the bed and leaned over giving Cas another kiss on the forehead.  “I’ll be back.  Tessa asked me to take this to the kitchen and get something else for you.”
“Once omegas pass to the third trimester they are no longer fit for knotting.  Once the pup was born and the omega went into heat again they were able to be knotted again.”
“I’m always up for Ellen’s burgers,” he said.
Dean nodded.  He didn’t have another plan.  Avoidance seemed the way to go for now.
“I hope everything is okay and your mate is better soon,” she said.
“I’ve lost so much, Cas.  And I know I lost those things and I can come to grips with that but what I can’t do is adjust this vision in my head for you to share my heat without a ring on my finger and a bite on my neck.  I can’t stand the thought of those dreams turning into your pity to keep me alive.”
Once Dean was ready they locked the door and headed to the Impala.  Dean still smiled when he saw his Baby.  Dean loved this car and he was glad that it had been in tact enough for him to be able to restore her and drive her.  Bobby had helped Dean work on her in small increments and they had only just finished her during the summer.
Cas thought about it.  He wasn’t sure about moving out of his home.  It was too much right now.  “I think that it would be best for me to stay at home for a while longer.  Maybe if things work out I can move in later.”  He looked up at her.  “Would that be okay?”
“Alpha Novak, were you in a relationship prior to mating?” the other alpha asked.
“Dean, we’re here!” he heard Sam call.  He could hear Jess’ voice in greeting and Emma’s squeals of delight.  Dean put the cheese on the counter and went around the corner to greet his brother and Jess.
Tessa must have noticed too because she glanced at him and then back at Cas.  She picked up the mug again and stood.  She walked over to Dean and spoke softly, handing him the mug.  Cas couldn’t hear what they were saying, but Dean glanced over at the bed several times.
“Knowing what I do now of how difficult it is for omegas in general to find good jobs on their own, I can’t imagine she would have been successful with her disability.  I’m even more glad that I gave her a job now than when she started.  Then, I just felt badly for her.  Now, I feel a sense of responsibility to her, Dean.
Becky frowned as she began to stack the chairs in the classroom.  “Not exactly? What does that mean?” she replied ignoring his question.
He cried for himself and Cas and all they lost together.  He cried for the life Dean had envisioned and the ring that was missing on his finger.  He sobbed out his pain as he let go of the image of pups at his feet, of a house full of love and a mate he adored.
As Dean was waiting for Jody’s signal a scream ripped through the air.  Dean could feel the hair on his neck raised at the noise.  That was his mate screaming.  He didn’t think, he just started running, a red haze descending over his eyes as his wolf took over.
They lay together until Cas’ knot went down and the alpha got up to clean himself and then Dean.  He administered the shot to Dean’s belly and kissed the band aid he put on it before he disposed of the needle.
At six months pregnant he still felt pretty good and this pup was an easy pregnancy so far, so he couldn’t complain too much.  But the reality of being pregnant with a third pup while having two other little ones was difficult and exhausting.  He chuckled at himself.  It would be a lot worse when this pup arrived.
Dean was feeling better this morning.  He was able to move with Emma with minimal pain and he thought that today would be a better day.
“Hey Cas, can I get you anything else?” she asked.
“Seems like they liked me better when I was a drunk fuck up who whored around.”  He shrugged, acting like it didn’t bother him.  “Maybe that’s all I’ll ever be to them and I’ve got to live with my mistakes.  They like Cas just fine, I know that.  But I think Sam’s got them all in knots about that too, since he thinks I’m just using Cas.  God knows what for, but Sam’s on my ass constantly about the fact that Cas is a good guy and he doesn’t deserve to be strung along and taken advantage of.”
Cas watched as Dean’s expression closed slightly and he wished he knew what the omega was thinking.  Cas thought he would be relieved to hear that.  He knew that there were many house omegas that ended up pupping with their alphas and it could sometimes be messy.
Cas pulled back and looked at Dean.  He nodded when he saw Dean was serious.  “Let’s get mounted up,” he said.
Cas looked at him carefully and Dean tried to be calm and act normally.  He smiled and Cas smiled back at him, but he could tell the alpha was still wary.  Dean hadn’t turned back around fully when he caught sight of Jimmy giving Cas a wide-eyed look.  It was one of those looks that was a whole conversation, but Dean didn’t know what was said.
Dean could feel Dick reevaluating his stance as well.  “As you wish,” he said flippantly.  “Now, if we could move this along.  It seems pretty open and shut.  I have other things to do today.”  He opened a folder on his side of the table.  “First, my client will be seeking damages for his pain and suffering as well as medical bills, of course.  He will-“
“You know what I mean,” Cas told him standing to lace his trousers.
“It was a lot,” Cas said.  “How do you feel right now?”
“You should appreciate those lists, Cas.  They help make sure you have food and clean clothes,” Dean told him.
Every time Dean thinks about that night, he feels embarrassment and gratitude all over again.  He thought for sure that it was over.  That he and Sammy would be sent off to CPS, separated for good.  Instead of just calling in a shoplifting, the old man at the store had called Donna personally.  When she got there and saw the bread and peanut butter on the counter, the fear in Dean’s eyes, and Sam in tears next to him, she kneeled down and gave them both a hug.  She bought them two full bags of groceries, the old man throwing in a few candy bars too, and drove them home.  Of course, she called Bobby right away and he met them there.  Got the boys settled and Sam to bed before he roused the old man.
Cas squeezed his shoulders and pressed a kiss to his head.  He knew that the media had not been kind to Dean and it must have been difficult to have his face splashed across the news and terrible things said about him.  Cas was almost indifferent to it now, having lived in the media spotlight for a long time, but he wanted to be a good alpha to Dean, and that meant understanding.
When they finally reached the house he pulled up in front of the back door so they could unload the supplies.  Though Cas tried to breath deeply and take advantage of the clean air, free of Dean’s scent, it was not helping.  Watching Dean bend over and take the food out of the coolers to put away made his pants tight.
Cas’ jaw ticked but he held Dean’s hand carefully.  “First, you are not a drunk man whore.  I don’t like you talking about yourself that way.  Maybe that was you before, but I’ve never met that Dean and I want you to stop thinking of yourself that way.”
“He asked me how you were doing here,” Bobby continued when Dean remained silent.
Dean’s eyes widened and the dread he had felt turned into fear that sat thick and heavy in his gut.  “Am I not safe?” he asked.
“I’m here, sweetheart,” Cas told him.  Dean tried to reach out for him and Cas must have understood his movements because he carded his hands through Dean’s hair.  “You’re safe now,” he told him.
Dean sighed and shifted slightly.  Cas felt the brush of his rounded belly against his hip and he reached over to stroke it.  He felt Dean’s mouth lift into a smile against his skin and it made Cas smile in turn.
“I’m fine, Cas, just can’t move as fast as I used to,” Dean told him.  Cas hadn’t asked, but Dean felt like he needed to say something.
“One hears things here and there,” Crowley told him airily.  Cas frowned.  “I’m afraid that we won’t have until June, Castiel.  We all know that John Winchester is a poor pack alpha.  He has not taken care of his pack in some time.  He’s left others to do so without authority and it has broken his pack.  His land dwindled after the sale to the Novaks but nothing changed inside the pack.  The only reason that Lucifer and I did not protest the sale of the land was because we thought it would provide the means for the pack to get back on its feet.  When it did not, we were disappointed and we have continued to be so.”
Cas couldn’t say anything.  To hear the pup’s heartbeat and know that it was alright was an incredible gift to him at that moment.  He wondered if Dean had heard it at his last appointment.  Cas closed his eyes and focused on listening to the quick beat.
Dean took a pull of his coke and shrugged his shoulders.  “I’m happy it’s Christmas and I have my family together but I’m worried about Cas.  He was supposed to be here half an hour ago and I haven’t heard from him.”
Cas turned to Jesse and thanked him for bringing the bag.  He shouldered it and said good night to the beta who tipped his hat before he went back to his post.  Dean clung to Cas’ hand as the elevator opened and they stepped inside.
Something flickered in his father’s eye and Dean caught the scent of confusion and resignation.
“Yea, Sammy.  I saw him.  It…I don’t know what it was.”  Dean began to load the dishwasher while he was talking.
“Cas I need you,” Dean whispered again.  Cas finally turned his head, satisfied that Dick would stay where he was and gave his attention to Dean.  He pulled him in and let Dean scent his neck while he stroked through his hair and up and down his back.
Dean had nodded, thinking about their comments.
Dean lifted up to look at the alpha.  “Were you afraid he wasn’t going to?”
“I’ve returned to run the offices here in town,” Cas said suddenly.  Dean’s eyebrows rose and his eyes widened.  He knew that Cas was going to work for his family, but he never thought he would be back to Lawrence. “Michael wanted a change, so he’s going to Europe.”  Dean nodded like it made the utmost sense.  “I volunteered to come back.”  Dean kept nodding. Cas looked over his shoulder.  “I should go. I just wanted to say good-bye.”  Dean met Cas’ eyes and couldn’t read them.  His mouth was set in a line and his face was expressionless.
Even though they agreed that there would be a short gap between when he left and she got there, she seemed unsurprised to find him on the porch.  She smiled at him and said that she would adjust helping Bobby in the morning to be there before Cas left.  Cas nodded and kissed her cheek in thanks before he left.
There were no berry bushes on the property and Dean hoped to rectify that in the spring, but there were small orchards of peaches and apples.  The peaches were just starting to ripen and would be ready the first of August.  The apples would peak sometime in September.  Dean was busy researching what he could do with the harvests for those.
Cas let Gabriel pull him away without a fight.  He was stunned.  His brain was having trouble understanding what he just saw.
Dean did glance up at that though.  “That was nice, Cas, but a servant could have come and told us.  There was no need for you to come.”  He smiled at Cas, like he was giving him an out for a job he didn’t want to do.  Cas looked helplessly behind Dean to his father and Alpha Singer.
“Welcome to Winchester Keep,” he greeted them.  He smiled, trying to put them at ease.  Jody had said that there was a varied reaction in the pack about moving to the Winchesters.  She said that some omegas were excited and relieved to leave such a place and look for a better life, but she said that there were some who were adamant that their place was in the omega house beneath an alpha.  Cas wasn’t sure how that was going to go.  Dean was of the mind to have those omegas mated quickly so that they would have an alpha until they could adjust their understanding of the new way of life.
“It’s not the same,” Cas protested.
When he finally finished around five, he left to go home and change.  He lived on the Novak land, but it was away from the estate.  His mother had not been happy when three years ago, he decided to move out of the main house and purchase one of his own.  He loved his house.  It was set on a small piece of land, just enough to give him privacy, but not much to manage.  It was a two and a half story house with an open concept kitchen and living area downstairs and three bedrooms upstairs.  There was a loft on the top that he used as an office.  It was grey with blue shutters and enough trees to provide shade and character.  Cas had fallen in love with it immediately, and had put a lot of effort into making it a home for himself.
Before he knew it, the first of September rolled around.  The weather was still warm but the promise of fall was in the air.  Cas’ birthday was in two weeks and for waiting as long as they had it seemed to have creeped up on them.  Cas brought it up one evening while they were in bed.  Dean was laying on his back, Cas sprawled on top of him, the arousal cooled between them for now.
“He’s an omega, Castiel, he-“
“What?” he asked.  “I can’t leave the apartment?”
Rowena stepped forward and pulled something from her pocket. “Let me see your lip, dear,” she said to Sam.  He let her tend to his lip with a salve she had and he thanked her.
Dean looked at the clock and saw he still had some time before he needed to start dinner so he finished hanging his things and headed into the kitchen.  He turned on the fire place first and then put a pan on the stove with some milk in it.  He set it to boil and then went to grab the tree stand from the other room.
“No, Alpha Novak, I’m sorry.”
When Benny told him that his father wanted him and to get him, Dean knew that there was something important going on.
“I’m not talking about money, Cas.  I’m talking about connecting with him.”
Dean’s face fell a bit and Cas took hold of his hand to steer him towards the car.  “I guess.”
“Oh, uh, I think that, uh, no alphas for tonight.”  Dean wasn’t sure why he was stammering.  He definitely knew that having another alpha around right now, especially one trying to comfort and touch, would be a bad idea.  Kevin and Charlie looked at each other before turning back to him.
He couldn’t believe this was where he got to live.
“Dean.  Come back to me.”  Cas’ alpha voice broke through the panic in Dean’s mind.  Dean blinked and opened his eyes.  He was pressed against Cas within the circle of his arms. They were laying on their sides and Dean was tucked under Cas’ chin with his nose pressed to his scent glands.  Dean’s cheeks were wet and Cas’ t-shirt under him was soaked.  He tried to regulate his breathing.
Cas seemed to scent that he was nervous and tucked him into the alpha’s side while Jimmy paid for the materials they needed.  Dean relaxed further when Cas rubbed his thumb over Dean’s wrist, marking him.
“I’m sorry, Dean.  We know how much you dislike it when we fight.  We’re both alright and we’ve settled something between us that needed to be done, so it’s okay now.”
“Good,” Tessa nodded.  She turned to Dean who had the filled mug in his hands.  She nodded in approval.  “Drink another cup of tea with the willow bark and that will help the pain.  If you want to have another sleep aid, let’s put it in this mug now.”
“Hey, Jo,” she mimicked.  Her hands were on her hips and her blond hair was tossed over her shoulder.  “Mom!” she yelled louder as Ellen came out of the back and over to the bar.  “I think after not seeing Dean at all for a month we should get more than a ‘hey Jo’ don’t you?”
Cas was relieved when it seemed like the fourth day would be the end.  He could feel the heat receding in Dean and his rut followed suit.  When his knot slipped out of Dean for the last time and Dean had rolled away from him and sobbed, Cas had almost sobbed wit him.  It had been days of watching, hearing and smelling how rejected Dean felt.  How the doubts and fear and pain had surfaced in him.  Cas felt at a loss as to what to do.
“Cas asked me to have dinner with him,” he said casually while he was folding a load of laundry.  Amelia looked up from where she was sweeping the kitchen floor.  They were waiting for the alphas to finish the morning chores before heading into town.
Cas had already begun to shrug out of his suit coat and undo his tie.  He quickly took off the rest of his shirt while the nurses did the same for Dean.  They carefully moved him and Cas lay next to him.  The nurses helped to get Dean close to Cas and put his nose into Cas’ neck.  He still had an oxygen cannula but they had taken off the mask.
He worked through the morning without any issues and had lunch with Gabe at the bistro down the street.
He peeked around Cas to see Amara slowly making her way down the hall, hands by her sides, eyes level with Cas, but not making direct eye contact.
“Yep, just tired.”  It had been a busy (and lucrative) night.  Dean made over one hundred fifty dollars, which was good even for a Saturday night, but he earned every penny.
“If we’re going to do this, there are a few things,” he said.  Cas put his fork down as well to give Dean his full attention.  Cas noticed that he was sweating more than he had been even though they were sitting still.  The sweet scent of heat was slowly winding its way through the air.
“Thank you,” the blond omega said.  She held a small bundle in her arms and stood when the cart completely stopped.  A Winchester beta stepped forward to help the omegas out of the wagon and Cas was there to help these omegas get into the castle to Mary and Eileen, and pair the pups with their new families.
Time seemed to move slowly or speed up, Dean couldn’t tell which.  He needed Cas in a way that he hadn’t before and he was desperate for the alpha to claim him.  He whimpered and arched his neck enticingly when Cas’ knot caught and locked.
“Garth’s alive!” Victor called.  Tessa sprang into action along with another healer Dean hadn’t noticed before.  They got him off of the horse and laid on the cobblestones.  Tessa knelt down and he was hidden from Dean’s view.
“Alpha?” the EMT asked carefully.
“Welcome!” Alpha John exclaimed to his friend.  “Cain, we are so happy to have you for this celebration. Welcome to both you and your daughter.”
“Oh god,” Dean moaned.
When Dean had been woken up by the knock on the door he had been grumpy.  He was content to curl around his mate and enjoy the scent of their lovemaking and rest.
Dean began to think clearly again, even in the face of his mate’s anger.  Dean glared at Cas as realization swept through him.  He pushed away from the counter and moved to the other side of the kitchen where the envelope was.  He took it back and thrust it into his alpha’s hands.
It was definitely not his style, but he thought Cas would approve.  The alpha had on black slacks and a button up that was undone at the top with the sleeves rolled up.  It also covered his mating bite for the most part, so they could hide it.
She scented the air and Dean stayed close until she was satisfied.  She nodded and returned his smile.  “Alright, well, then I hope we can be friends.”
Cas chuckled.  “I think that’s the way of a lot of things, Dean.  The preparation and anticipation are the parts that take up the time and energy.  I would assume mating ceremonies are similar.  You make lots of plans, you court, you invite people and plan a ceremony, but the thing itself doesn’t take very long.”
“I’ve got them in an abandoned house on the outside of town.  What do you want me to do?”
Dean’s head had snapped up as soon as he heard Benny’s voice.  He quickly nodded and glanced around the table.  Before he could speak Rowena caught his attention.
“That’s a lot of people, Cas,” Dean said as they drove past and into the underground garage.
“That sounds great, Cas,” Dean agreed.
Dean nodded in relief.  He scented Jimmy behind him and Cas let him go so he could turn to Jimmy.  He let the other alpha hold him close and press kisses to his lips.
He helped Mr. Moto fix his sign for his bakery one day and he had given Dean several pastries in payment.
Dean reached out and placed his own hand over the alpha’s.  “I’m ok, Cas, really.  I feel fine, I was just tired.  I’m not used to knotting in the first place, but I’m also not used to so many orgasms.  Training was to come on command, so most of the time it was denying a release.”
“That’s right, Dean.  I’m going to stay with you, ok?” Cas told him.
“And he was okay with that?” Gabe asked him.
Dean pulled in the driveway, excited to tell Cas the big news.  He had spent the afternoon prequalifying for loans to see what he might be able to get.  He was surprised at how well received he was at the banks.  He had been pretty responsible with his money, even if his behavior had been terrible.  He had put away a tidy sum and his credit was great.  He wasn’t in debt except for the house and the business was established and he was a long-term employee.  The banks were practically falling all over themselves to offer him a loan.
Jimmy and Amelia were strong mates, but Amelia was almost due with her fourth pup in six years and hated Jimmy for all he was worth at the moment.  Dean wasn’t concerned though, because he knew that Amelia loved the guy and she’d be back to herself again soon.
Cas pulled the earbud out and closed his laptop.  He put it on the table next to him and slid down the bed until he was lying flat, facing Dean.
she was born.”  Sam shook his head and wiped his hands with a paper towel.  He made grabby hands at the baby and Dean handed her over.  Sam cradled her in his arms and cooed at her.
Dean had almost nothing to do with the calving but he felt a sense of pride and accomplishment that they were able to calve so many and loose so few.  He knew the alphas worked hard for it over the course of the few weeks but he also knew that it was a pretty heavy thing to accomplish.
“Ok Daddy.”  She waves one of the dolls at him.  “She has a new outfit.  Do you like it?”
“What?”  He felt his mind go blank.  He couldn’t process the idea that there were police officers in his hospital room and Cas was going to leave.
“Alpha Novak you need another shower.  I can scent you from here.”
The last week of the year slipped by and they slept through the new year celebrations because Dean was just too tired making a pup to be able to stay up until midnight.  Cas had given him his new year’s kiss when they woke up.
“Sure, I can,” Sam said.
“What?”
“What?” Gabe asked him, confused.
“How about you?”
For now he would be happy with them and deal with his family later.  He fell asleep with a smile on his face for the first time in a long time.  He was hopeful for the future.
“Dean?” he heard his brother call out as he opened the front door.
Jo he had only met several times, but he though even less of her.  His hands gripped the sink tighter as he remembered some of the comments that she had made to Dean during their most recent dinner at the Roadhouse.
She nodded and went back to typing notes on the computer.  He went through the now familiar motion of cleaning himself with the scent neutral soap before he donned a new pair of sweats.  When he returned to the room Meg was gone.
Dean smiled and crawled into bed next to him.  Cas opened his arms and tucked Dean up against his side.  Dean loved the way Cas always assumed that it was something they needed to fix together.  He sighed.
He blew out a breath and nodded.  “Yea, sorry Cas.”  Dean pressed their lips together, gathering him close again.
“Let me get you some water and call the nurse, okay?  I’ll tell you.”
“Oh,” he said again.  He closed his eyes and Cas couldn’t tell if he was going back to sleep or not, but the salty scent of tears filled the air and spilled down Dean’s cheeks.
“Save some for breakfast, pup,” he told her.  Dean had her oatmeal ready to pour into the bowl and heat up.  He added milk and stirred it before popping it into the microwave.   He hit the one button and the timer started the one minute countdown.  Dean smiled.  It was a small thing, but Dean loved the new microwave.  When his dad had died the year before, Sam had insisted that he move back into the house.  Sam was headed into his freshman year of college and he had told Dean that he didn’t have any interest in the house.  Even though he decided to stay in Kansas and attend KU he didn’t want it.  What did he need a house for?  Dean and Emma needed it and Dean wanted it.  Sam was happy if Dean was happy.
Cas ran a hand through his hair and nodded.  “I deserve it.”
You guys are my favorite people.  Thank you for all the comments and kudos!
He was startled out of his daydream by the voice of his brother.  He blinked and looked at the two across from him.  Their smug faces made him frown again.
Dean nodded and smiled at him.  “That’s kind of you, Cas.”
“Didn’t hear you complaining a few minutes ago,” he told him.  The alphas laughed and Dean felt a warmth flow through his chest.  He glanced back at the table and took in the sight.
They worked quietly together for a while and soon they had a pile of food ready for the alphas.  Benny came in just as Dean had put the last of the eggs in the pan.
They left the cool air of the car and headed up the short flight of stairs where a doorman waited for them.  He greeted them cordially and Cas nodded while they walked by.  Cas escorted him to the omega male section of the store with a hand at his back.
Their hands moved quickly, almost fervently.  Dean unbuttoned Cas’ shirt and Cas made short work of his belt.  They quickly stripped each other down to their boxers never breaking their kiss for more than a second before coming back together.
“Sorry, Cas,” he said.  He pitched forward and Cas caught him up against his chest.  Dean wrapped his arms around his mate and breathed deeply.  Cas’ icy hot scent burned through his nose and he squeezed him lightly.  “I get tired easily and then I just remembered that last week I was unconscious for three days and I start to think of the what ifs and it scares me.”
“I did.”  She huffed and threw the clothing down.  “I’m mad at Jimmy,” she stated.
The pain in his chest was not as pronounced these days, but it was still there.  Doctor Mills said that there was a chance that it would never go away unless he found a new alpha or reconnected with his.  Dean couldn’t even think about another alpha now.  His world revolved around Emma, and the chances of him finding an alpha who wanted to mate an omega who had a pup, especially a pup out of a mating, was low.  Dean wasn’t worried about it now.  He could still smell his pining for Cas and he still missed him so badly.  He hadn’t contacted him even when Emma was born.  He had heard that his brothers were in and out of town, but Dean kept to himself and didn’t mingle in the same social circles, so the chances of meeting them somewhere were rare.  He didn’t think they would assume that Emma was Cas’, but he didn’t want them to go back and tell Cas that Dean had a pup, whether he thought it was his or not.
Dean nodded and looked at Cas for confirmation.  Cas nodded.
Cas pulled him closer and pressed a kiss to his temple.  “Let’s go home,” he said.
Dean stepped forward and placed his hand on Garth’s father’s shoulder.  He said a few words that were too low for Cas to hear before the other alpha nodded.  Cas could faintly hear sniffling throughout the pack and a swell of guilt threatened to overcome him.
Dean sat in the car for a few minutes thinking about all the memories and working up the courage to get out and go up to the door.  Fortunately, Cas must have been waiting for him, because before Dean got a chance, Cas was opening the passenger door and sliding in the front seat.  Dean was startled but Cas had a bright smile on his face.
He accepted Michael’s offer and the details were settled for after graduation.  He would have several responsibilities in the community, including filling a vacant spot on the school board, but he could handle those things.  Cas had had to work very hard at getting better and not reverting back to his disengaged half comatose self and he knew that he would need to work extra hard if he were to return home.  He was confident that he was well enough that he could do it, regardless of what might or might not happen with Dean.
“I wish you would have told me you were sick.  When is your doctor’s appointment?” he asked.
Cas shook his head as he dried his hands at the sink.  “No, I’m not sure how long he’ll be, so let’s go ahead.”
“Thank you, Cas,” Dean whispered.  His mate smiled and leaned in to peck his lips.
Cas looked sharply at the doctor and he saw the sympathy there in his eyes and scent.
Cas laid his arm around the back of the seat behind Dean and smiled at the omega.  “For what?” he asked.
“You’re sure?” Cas narrowed his eyes at his brother.  “You’re not just saying this to get me to agree, are you?”
“Beloved, what is it?”
Sam and Bobby both took off to get their charges to safety.  “Ring the bell!” Dean commanded.  This bell signal would alert the rest of the castle and those in the cottages that they were to evacuate into the castle.  The gate had been drawn and the second contingent of soldiers was already flooding out, intent on helping get everyone safely inside the walls.
“Ask me now,” Dean said looking straight into Cas’ eyes.  Cas searched his face for a moment before he huffed a laugh.
Dean began to nod when he registered that the alpha had said three days.  “Three days?” he asked.  His voice was an octave higher than usual and he knew that his scent was broadcasting his rising panic again.
He had called Cas when they were about a half hour from the house.  Dean was glad he had because his heat was coming fast.  It was a good thing they had gotten an appointment for the clinic when they did.
“Sure,” he agreed.  He stood up straight and turned so he was leaning on the railing and facing Pete.
“Hey Cas,” Dean said.  Cas had his phone up to his ear as he sat on the couch at home.
“Gods, Cas, I wanted this to be special,” Cas told him as he continued to stroke his dick around Cas’ hole.  “I wanted to go slow and take my time, but I can’t.”
: It sounds like you all had a very fun time.  I believe you might be having the better college experience, Dean.
“There isn’t a closet in this room, but we thought that would be ok,” Cas’ deep voice rumbled.  “If you end up hating it, we can move you to another room.  This,” he said striding over to the large piece of oak furniture, “is an armoire and you can hang anything you need to here.  There are also drawers under it for extra storage.”  He’s opened the doors and drawer to show Dean as he was speaking.  Dean nodded.  He brushed off the cold feeling that had settled in him when Cas moved away.
Dean sat down to go through the weekly paperwork, a familiar routine for him.  His head hurt and his eyes were blurry but he wasn’t going to give Bobby the satisfaction of being right.  He chugged the last of his coffee and turned on his computer.  He organized the paperwork he needed to start the invoices while he waited.
“That’s true,” Cas agreed.  He moved back to the fence line they were repairing and Jimmy joined him.  They worked in silence for a few minutes, supporting the beams and replacing the broken ones.
“I wanted to go to brunch and I figured you were always down for hangover food, so I came to wake you up.  You wanna go?”
“Ellen, it’s nice to see you again as well.  I’m glad to be here with Dean,” Cas told her.  She smiled at him and nodded to Dean.
“Oh.  Well, then.  Ok.”  Cas reached for his hand and squeezed it.  “So, this might not be the best time to bring this up, but since you said you kind of like it and you mentioned alpha rage, I need to tell you something.”
“Thanks bitch,” Dean replied trying to lighten the mood.
“We all knew it,” Michael agreed, nodding towards them.  “We were all waiting really, for an announcement any day.”
Thinking of Cas brought him back to the present.  Donna was looking in the car, her eyes on Dean.
She paused and Dean nodded.  He could try and talk to Cas.  If Cas would listen, that is.
The doctor nodded.  “He’s been unconscious for less than twenty-four hours then.”
“Jo, why don’t you let Dean finish the dishes and you help clean up in the kitchen for a while.”  Ellen phrased it like a question, but Jo knew it was an order.  She huffed and dried her hands.
“Mmmm, omega,” Dean growled as he pressed kissed up and down Cas’ neck.  Cas pressed back and Dean groaned as a third orgasm was wrung out of him.  “Cas,” he gasped, breathing harshly.
When they arrived at the Roadhouse the parking lot was packed.  Dean found a spot and carefully pulled Baby into it.  He tapped the hood like he usually did before he grabbed Cas’ hand and walked into the restaurant.
Cas nodded.  “I should have, Dean.  I’m sorry.”  He paused.  “Is there a way that we can compromise?  Maybe you could talk with her about the things that you want to take over and you could do some of those things.  I can keep her on staff and you could also have time to do other things you like.”
Cas helped Ellen put them in the backseat of the car and instructed the girls to give their addresses.  He gave the driver plenty of money for the fare and tip and watched him pull away from the curb.
It turned out that everyone really was exhausted and Dean fell asleep in Cas’ arms.
When the buzzer sounded he nearly jumped.  Garth’s voice was too mumbled downstairs to know what he was actually saying, but Dean knew he was just letting him know the EMTs were there and they would be up quickly.
“Nope,” Charlie replied.  “She was a perfect angel, just like usual.”  Charlie turned back to the pup and gently patted her stomach.  Dean watched Charlie smile at the pup and Jo smile at Charlie. He was glad these two had hit it off and that they seemed like things were going to work out.  They had scent bonded for sure.  Dean wasn’t sure if they were waiting until college was done to mate or not, but he wouldn’t be surprised if there was another pup in the next few years.
Dean whined again as he heard sirens in the distance.  Cas sat on the cold ground with his fiancé in the dirt as they heard the ambulance pull up to a stop.  The flashing lights illuminated the park and cast an eerie glow over the trees.  The police arrived and Cas was grateful to Gabe and Balth who took care of giving them the information they needed so he could stay with Dean.
When Dean woke, the sun was just coming up.  He turned his face into a hard chest.  He took a breath in and realized he was still in bed with Cas.  He jolted upright, surprising the alpha.
“I like that one too,” Cas told him.  Cas’ voice deepened again when he spoke next.  “Have you thought about pups?  My pups?”
Cas nodded.  “Ok then.”
Dean shook his head no.  He had nothing against them for other people, he just had never felt comfortable in a skirt.  Many male omegas chose to wear them because it felt more feminine, but Dean didn’t like it.  He tried once, in a store, just to see what it would be like, but it wasn’t his thing.
Cas took a deep breath and moved past Gabe into the room.  His mother spotted him first, making her way swiftly to his side, already tutting under her breath about his wild hair and nonexistent wrinkles in his suit.
“I’ll keep this until you’re ready to wear it again,” Cas told him.  Dean turned his face away and Cas let his hand drop.
Over the next few weeks they text and see each other several times.  Always out in public and never with Emma.  Dead didn’t consciously exclude Emma from the outings, but Cas didn’t ask about bringing her and usually suggested that they go somewhere in the evening that wasn’t appropriate for a pup anyway, such as a movie or a bar.  Dean was ok with that, still not sure how or when or if he was going to tell Cas.
He let the alpha have control and he got lost in the feel of Cas’ lips on his.  They were startled apart by a knock on the driver’s side window.  Cas pulled away and growled slightly at the interruption.  Sam stood outside with a grin on his face.
Dean’s mouth was hanging open in shock.  He felt badly for Jess and thought he should call and check on her.  She had been one of his only allies during the last few months.
Dean missed the days where his table was full of alphas, but as he looked down at his baby girl he only felt a little nostalgia.  His life now was pretty good, too.
“Hey, Jo,” Dean greeted her.  He gave her a small smile, knowing it had been too long since he had been in and he deserved whatever she and Ellen both doled out to him.
“I haven’t been around a lot of omegas for an extended period of time.  Both Luke and Jimmy have teased me about being so selfish with you.  I didn’t realize this was so abnormal.”  He stroked the bare skin of Dean’s upper arm as he spoke.
Dean shook his head.  “No, Cas and I are better than ever, actually.”
He watched Dean’s eyes dim and the smile slide off of his face when Cas told him he should stay at the table.  Cas belatedly realized that Dean might have wanted to dance.  Cas told himself that he would be back and dance with him soon.  He caught sight of Charlie’s face behind Dean and he knew he was going to hear from her later.  Her face registered surprise and anger.
“Son?” Chuck called.  He stopped short when he saw Dean and took in their joined hands.
“Oh, well, he shot the alpha,” Dean said, words beginning to slur as he dropped off.  Cas almost jumped off the bed, startling Dean.
Gabe nodded.  “It was good.  Easy, actually.  There were no issues and it seemed like there weren’t as many people traveling as usual.”
Cas saw the text come in and he put his phone down.  He smiled.  He feelt better now that they had plans to meet but any hope that he would be able to get work done faded as the day wore on.  He tried to shake off the feeling of restlessness that consumed him, but he couldn’t.  He was nervous and excited to see Dean again and he couldn’t wait.  He wished they could have met that night.
Over the course of the next month things fell into a routine and Dean found ways to be content.  Cas was right, he had never had a chance to find things he enjoyed and now that he had the time, he did find a few things.  When Dean told Cas that he was working on learning how to bake and had planted some new flowers on the terrace, the alpha was pleased and encouraged Dean.
Cas chuckled and nodded.  If his scent was this pure and potent from a bag that was three days old he wasn’t sure if they would survive when Dean actually arrived.
He snapped at Dean and moved him along out of the room.  Dean came easily, pliant under his commands and Cas felt badly for a moment, but he couldn’t stop himself.  He felt irritated again that the things that were important to him didn’t seem important to the omega.  Things like being on time.
Dean was quiet for a few minutes before he spoke.  As he began to tell Cas about the alpha who attacked him, Cas had to work to keep his scent calm.  He clenched his jaw and nuzzled the top of Dean’s head as it rested on his chest.
“He needs to rest and stay out of this mess.  It will only upset him,” Cas told her.  He didn’t want to get into it with her.  Apparently, Charlie was having none of it.
“I’ve gotten everything,” he told her.  He wasn’t surprised to hear how thin and shaky his voice sounded even to him.
“Nothing, just thinking about all the work we have to do,” Cas told him gruffly.  He finished the last of the job and turned to see his brother’s smirk.  “What?”
Bobby.  To know that it’s not all over, that he can see people again.
“And it’s perfect that I ran into you here because I just met this guy, Jesse, and he is the absolute sweetest!  I think you’ll love him!”
“It was kind of a dick move,” Dean mumbles.
“Sammy,” Dean finally says, voice low and harsh.  “You got it?”
“Cas?” Dean calls out uncertainly.
He sets out three of the solo cups, forcing himself not to wince at how cheap they look, and pours a tiny amount of each of the bourbons into them, swirling them and taking a quick sniff before sliding them over in Cas’s direction.
Cas laughs.  “Not so refined.”  He waves a hand. “Surprise me, I would…”  He sort of deflates in a way that makes Dean wish he could touch the guy.  “It would be good to try something new.”
“I know.”  Cas sits beside him meekly.
“Are you fucking kidding?  That guy’s a scumbag!  He’ll turn on you as soon as it’s convenient.”
Dean swallows.  “All right, man, I’ve gotta get going.  If you need me to talk to the witch, let me know.  I don’t really want her doing spells or whatever on you, you know?  Gotta make sure she doesn’t fuck up my angel, right?”
.  It feels magical.”
Cas smiles slowly at the thought, and then he’s abruptly offline again when Dean’s mouth lands in the crease of his thigh and moves inexorably toward Cas’s cock, now fully at attention and aching.
“BEGONE HUMAN!  YOU CANNOT VANQUISH ME!”
“Grab me some blankets,” Dean says, voice steady and emotionless.  “He’s in shock, just need to find the wound.”
But, sue him, he likes seeing Cas happy, and it’s such a small thing. It’s not like Dean’s attached or anything, it’s just that Cas is kind of cool and different and he knows a lot of weird stuff.
And it’s stupid to lose it now, but he’s distracted.  He’s thinking maybe he’s been put back together wrong. Maybe he left his soul back there in that room.  Maybe the Empty took it, along with Death.  Along with Cas.
“I could bring some movies, if you want?  What’s your favorite?  I wanna watch it with you.”
“Sam.  You didn’t tell him I was going.”
“Thank you,” he says, and it strikes like razor wire through Dean, fresh and new and present.
Dean bites forward, draws human blood from the angel’s vessel; the angel responds in kind, fury and strength that threatens to destroy him. Dean’s tongue and cheeks are lacerated, his body feels ready to burst under such unleavened force.
Maybe he’s spilled blood before, and liked it, and regretted it.
“Hey, baby.”
“I didn’t
Cas starts to shake under Dean’s relentless attention. “Wha—“ Cas says, breathless. “What did you say?”
Breathing Cas in, Dean kisses him, a gentle catch and release of mouth and lips.  He lets Cas come back to him, over and over, and it’s the best thing he’s ever felt in his life.   He could live just for this kiss, for kisses like these, forever.
“You, ah.  You saw me out here, huh?”
“There you are, baby,” Dean says softly.  “I was trying to tell Sam it was okay if he kissed you. But the bitch doesn’t believe me.” His tone is affectionate.
“Cause you can’t, or cause you don’t want to?” Dean taunts, arching an eyebrow.
He goes cold.  Hot.  He grins like a fool.
As he turns back toward the hallway, he catches sight of a fast moving dark form at the far end, with the shadow of the couch in the living room visible just
“Thank you, Dean.”  Cas floats into the chair across from him and leans forward, sniffing appreciatively.  “What did you get?”
Cas opens his mouth and then shuts it, and Dean doesn’t really want to know what he has to say to that in any case.
The ghost laughs harder.  “Oh, no.  I took a course in college.  The conjugations were challenging.  I really am benefiting now, though.”  He shakes his head.  “Nice try.  Really.  You’re very brave.”
“Hey—” he calls as he makes his way inside.
Terror floods through him, and his feet are already halfway to the door before he even processes that he's running. Dean is a brave soul with a brown belt in ju jitsu, but this is well beyond anything he’s signed up for.  He slams the door behind him and runs as fast as he can to the car, starts her up and peels rubber on the way out.
what he’s given.  Except...well, he
Sam looks at him for a long moment.  Licks his lips.  “Does it matter?  I’m not the one who left.”  He holds up his hands, keeping Cas quiet.  “And he had good reason, don’t get me wrong.  But I just think...you’re talking to the wrong person.”
Cas folds up slowly, the light dimming and sliding back under the main bulk of his form.  He reaches out and Dean meets him, grasps his tentacles where they reach for him.
“Attractive?  Yeah,” and they’ve flirted before but in person, Dean finds himself unexpectedly bashful.  “Sexiest lightform in three galaxies.”
“I’m sorry, Dean.”
Cas chews his lip.  The words escape before he has time to rephrase, to soften it.  “You want to be with him.” It’s not a question.
Dean goes cold.  “You
I'm on track for posting every two weeks on Monday.  If I get a little bit further ahead, I'll go weekly.
A lot of angst in this one, but I promise it'll all be worth it!
“You find me attractive?” Cas asks.  Dean can see that he’s flirting in the way his tentacles blink pink at the ends.
“Okay,” he tells himself softly.  His hands are still shaking.  “You can do this.  It was some kid playing a prank.  It was just some stupid kid, and you should have beat his ass, but it’s gonna be fine.  You’re gonna go back there and kick him out and do the walk through like the god-damned adult that you are.”
“Really?  That would be amazing.  Honestly.  You’re a lifesaver.”  He grimaces.  “That came out wrong.”
Cas seems to waffle a second, then, “Let me show you,” he says, clearly excited despite his earlier nonchalance.
“Yes, Dean, please,” Cas is just as desperate as he is, just as lost, it seems, and he presses forward again, as eager as Dean is to kiss him again.  Again.  Just once more.
“No, Sam.”  Cas turns toward him.  “He needs you, you know.  I think...you need each other.”
Anyway, Dean’s making
“The neighbors,” he repeats dumbly.  “Right.”
“Nah, this one’s dinner.  That’s lunches, and that’s for the potluck at the Gruber’s this weekend.”
“Are you having an affair with my ghost, then?”
He looks at Sam, and he wonders how he lived so long never knowing him—how important he is to Dean, how perfectly he fits into what the two of them had.
Dean shakes his head and grins.  “David Attenborough? Are you kidding me?  It's amazing!  I’m not
It doesn’t mean anything.  A guy’s allowed to order out and bring food home.  Since he’s already made plans to stop by to see Cas, it just makes sense.  He’ll be getting home late and won’t have much time to cook.
“Can’t get rid of me that easy,” he says.  He pops the top off Cas’s coffee absently and sets it on the edge of the island.  “I made some cookies to go with the coffee.”
Sam.  Cas has heard that name before.  Not recently.  Not since Dean stopped drinking.  But it’s the one name that used to come up over and over, and Dean was never less than completely wrecked by it.
“Yes, Dean,” and he echoes it in his own language, a glow of orange and subtle blues.
It’s short, but Dean is
She’s invited him over at least once a week since his ill-fated date with Jesse, and he hasn’t responded even once. Even when he considers how much leeway she gives him, he’s not sure what his reception will be.
“It didn’t age well,” he says.  “It was important in it’s time—it was the first real criticism of war we’d seen.  I was…I was young and impressionable, a man of God.  In some small way it opened my eyes.  Of course, now I see that it is also racist and imperialist.”
Cas fills his mouth, careful not to push too far, and Dean moans around him, licking over and between those wriggling tendrils.
,” he mutters, stifling some other choice words.
Cas looks up from where he’s already huffing away, trailing pleased wisps of coat behind him.  Wide-eyed, he asks, “You
The silence is deafening.  Cas can
.  He’s hurt, and he’s sweet, and he’s scared, and he’s putting on a brave face that is fooling no one.
He wonders what else he can bring back just by remembering.  It doesn’t work for a cheeseburger, but it does work for the diner the next town over.
“Are you with me, Dean?”
So, when Dean calls Jo at the Roadhouse and orders a black and bleu burger, garlic fries, a bourbon steak and sweet potato parmesan fries, he’s just thinking about having an easy dinner and then some leftovers for lunch.
.  Holy shit.  Holy.  Shit.”  His heart finally slows down as he hits the highway and points Baby back toward the office.
, buddy.”
When he goes to grab the tung oil sealer from the bag in the guest room, he finds two DVDs — 'Star Trek: The Motion Picture' and 'Star Wars: A New Hope'.  He laughs and holds them up.  “Cas, what is this?”
“That’s not what I mean.”
Dean goes cold all at once.  He knows he did something wrong, and has no idea what it was.  “Yeah, Cas, glad to help.  If you, ah...if you ever have any questions, you just...you let me know.”
She leads them through the rest of the house, asks if the wide planks in the master bedroom are original and Dean smiles, recalling Cas’s tale of his hopeful wife and her two brothers taking an old bus up north to pick up the raw wood. He couldn’t say no after that, apparently, so he put in another month of evenings and weekends to finish the boards and install them.
“How long is Rowena gone?” Cas raises an eyebrow quizzically.
“Shhh, the movie’s starting,” she says, taking his hand.  Something unknots inside him and he has to take another big breath to keep it from lodging in his throat.  He hadn’t realized just how tense he’d been, how much he’d dreaded her wrath, feared her disdain.  He pulls her close and kisses the top of her head.
Dean feels a chill go through him.  He lowers his voice to the barest whisper.  “Are you okay?  Is she...is she like...a devil worshiper or something?”
- I got it.”  He strokes himself slowly, huge red head slick as it breaches the clench of his fist.
tells you.”
Dean laughs, far too awake.  “C’mon, babe, it’s time to get up.”
“You can touch me,” Dean says.  “Can I...do you want me to take my clothes off?”
“Oh, Dean.  Yes. Yes—“
Sam looks over Dean’s shoulder and raises his beer. “Hey!  Charlie!”
One more after this, they had to do some feeling processing before we get to the epic and sexy conclusion I know we've all been waiting for...  :)
…’  Yeah, that’s what I’m asking.  I haven’t fully researched the life and times of Castiel yet, cause I’m trying to get your house sold to someone you don’t hate, you know?  Priorities, man.”
“Cas!” he yells as he opens the door, shaking the inspector’s report in one hand.  “You want to explain this to me?”
“It’s fine, I’ll go to Zachariah.  He hates Azazel way more than he hates me.”
“Admit it, Sam,” Dean says, taking a sip of his beer while he watches Mary show her friends the dollhouse. “I’m the best uncle.”
you, Sam.  What the fuck were you
“Is it so bad?” Dean asks, and God, he knows he’s pathetic because
He strips off his pants without thinking and puts on a pair of yoga pants before realizing he’s probably mooned Sam.
Dean is at his desk, making a list of movies Cas should watch, when his phone vibrates.
“Yes,” Dean says, voice wavering.  “Oh, my god, please, yes, it’s so good.”
He shakes his head.  “Not really.  Nothing against you, kiddo.”
Cas runs his thumb along Dean’s hip.  “You all right?”
Dean tries not to fidget.  “What do you think?” he finally asks.  Dean knew what to expect—Cas in the holos is very much Cas as Dean has been seeing him.  But Dean has never sent nudes.  He sort of wonders, now, if that was a mistake.
Dean sighs.  “Yeah, no problem.  Just, you know, maybe check first.  I would have hated to spill the coffee, you know?”
Cas smiles and follows him up, then drifts out of the room when he changes his clothes. Dean wants to call him back in, but he doesn’t.  He’s been talking himself into being patient the last few days.  He won’t rush Cas.  This is too important.  “All right, man, I’m decent,” he calls when he’s done. He flips the light off and climbs under the covers as Cas floats in, and then Cas sits on the bed next to him, too close and way too far, perched there like he’s going to guard the room all night.
Dean laughs.  “I
Dean flushes.  “I mean, look.  I might’ve gotten a little carried away, but I wanted to have options.  Sue me.”
“No fighting before coffee,” Cas grouses.  “Kiss me,” he tells Sam, and Dean chuckles as Sam leans in.
“I want to know everything, too.  I want to know you, whatever you’ll tell me.”
, I’m coming,” he warns, hips pistoning frantically, and whatever mouth is on him just swallows, swallows, swallows as he comes with a pitiful cry.
“I do, I really do…”  He swallows.  “Cas, I...can I...touch you?  To thank you?”  He runs his thumb nervously along his lip.
Everything will be cold and congealed shortly.  The fries will be limp. There will be no smell of bourbon steak left for anyone to enjoy.
, can he?  He doesn’t know anything about how life was when Cas was alive, what it was like with his family...  What can he possibly say?
“I may have told her what the mantel was made out of,” Cas shrugs, “and given her a few pointers on how to find a good piece.”
It had been like this for a while when they first met - gruff, short sentences.  Shadowed eyes and that gorgeous jaw always clamped a little too tight.
Cas looks up.  “Did you want to take a walk?”
it starts, a soft array of light like an aurora hovering above the box.
Dean chuckles and kisses his cheek, his jaw. “Holy shit is right.”  He presses their bodies together and slides his cheek against Cas’s. Finally, he whispers, “You just came so hard thinking about my brother, huh?”
“Look,” Jesse says quietly.  “It’s probably too soon, but I’m just gonna say it.  Do you want to come back to my place?  I had a good time tonight.  I wouldn’t mind if it kept going.”
, it seemed more real than the world.  Bigger.  Brighter.  I had to look away, it was so vibrant and crisp.  It was too much.”
“You’re nostalgic for Grandpa Campbell’s black magic journals?”
Cas wakes with Sam’s head pillowed on his chest and Dean...is gone.  “Dean?” he hisses in alarm, trying not to wake Sam.
Dean shakes his head, “Don’t worry about it.  They just weren’t the right ones, is all.  Nothing to worry about.  Wanna show me the creek?  I don’t think I’ve gotten the original owner tour out here.”
“I know...look, I know I’m being an asshole. I just don’t know how to help him and still be...this.”
When Cas looks up, Sam’s mouth is twisted, nostrils flared.  “You both are idiots,” he says flatly, and Cas thinks the conversation is done.
,” he gasps, arching up as both of their mouths touch him at the same time, one hot on the shaft of his cock, the other licking his scrotum with broad, wet strokes.
Cas looks over, fixes him with a stare.  “Live your life.  Do what you want to do.  What you’re
Dean took a deep breath.  Sam says he’s stubborn, but Dean likes to think of himself as being persistent.  That’s it.  He just doesn’t like to back down from a challenge.
Cas raises his hand briefly, like he wants to touch Dean, and then he lowers it.  “Dean.  That’s very kind.  I…” he sighs.  “I know I don’t really have a right to ask anything of you.  Or the next family.  It’s just...I’ve been here so long, it’s hard for me to let go.”
Cas nods and leaves the floss and the alcohol at the foot of the bed before he does what he’s told.
He starts typing, deletes, starts again.  Finally,
, let me, I want to, for
What else has there ever been?
He closes his eyes with his brother’s forehead resting against his, hands clasped together over the hole between his ribs.  He’s glad, selfishly, that he got to go first.
Dean’s laugh is dark.  Warm.  It promises a very good time.
, she smiles and kisses him on the cheek.
“You could stay here,” Cas offers.
Cas seems to notice as well, and stands abruptly.  “Yes, of course.”
“Thank you.  I know you have work in the morning, Dean.  I don’t want to keep you.”  He looks over quickly, blue eyes shining, full of some emotion that’s too big for Dean to name.
“He’s my little brother.”
Cas pulls him gently and Dean slings an arm around his shoulder, leaning heavily as his ribs scream, as blood tickles his cheekbones, eyebrow, neck.
It's been a very long time, I'm sorry about that.  I'd hoped to have another section done (which would be part of this chapter) but I don't really want to delay this for another few days to get that part completed, so, here you are!  Happy New Year!  I hope you're all doing well, and I hope you know I appreciate you all so very much!  I hope you enjoy this small offering, I'll try to post the second half of this section next Monday or sooner.
the coat’s impact against his jeans.  He can hardly breathe as he reaches out to touch Cas’s face.
His voice rumbles over Dean’s skin when he talks, leaving goosebumps.  “The first time I watched
It still feels wrong, makes his stomach sour.
Kevin glances at his monitor and looks up at Dean.  “We’ve got one at three, I’ll take them.”
“Yeah, Cas. Fine. I’m with you.”
“Yes,” Cas says simply.  “Can I help you, then?”
“I don’t know why crossing a creek makes me a nerd.”
“I...yeah, it was good.  His name is Jesse, he’s a good guy.  We, ah, met through a friend, she’s always trying to get me to go on double dates and I guess she just—”  Dean dares to glance over and his stomach drops out.
The Doans had come off the list pretty quickly.
“Why don’t you slip into something more comfortable?” Dean tells Cas archly as he leans back, body pressed against his brother’s with absolute ease.
He tells her the same story he told Sam, and when he’s finally convinced her that Cas isn’t his boyfriend and he doesn’t think of him that way,
“Sorry, I’m not trying to be an asshole,” Dean mutters.  “Tell me what you think of it.”
“Another agent?” Sam asks.
“Now, now,” she says cheerfully.  “Don’t want to scare young Alfie, do we, dears?”  She turns back while Alfie looks at Dean in confusion.
It's looking like Rowena and Cas might be having some important conversations.  They wouldn't directly be part of this story, but they would tie in and fill in some gaps, potentially.  Would you be interested in reading those?  What would be preferable?  I could post them here as 'Interlude' chapters, or I could post them as a separate fic and just link them in.  I look forward to your thoughts!
“Hey, Cas.”  Sam snaps the laptop shut and sets it aside.  “What’s up?”
He takes the key out of the lockbox on the doorknob and opens the door to reveal the hardwood floor and ecru walls of the entryway, and peeks into the kitchen before heading for the living room.
A bed rises from the floor, simple and white, framed in something that looks like Terran wood.  There’s a pole of the same wood at each corner, and when Dean leans over to press into the bed with the hand Cas isn’t hanging onto,  it’s incredibly soft.
“I love—those dorky finger quotes, buddy.  So, on a scale of one to ten, how weird is this gonna be?”
“Yeah.  Yeah, sure.  Let’s do that.”  Dean puts Baby in gear and pulls into the driveway.
Sam laughs it off and pulls his hand away, and when Cas looks up Dean is standing in the doorway with a look on his face that is impossible to decipher.
“She wanted to get into contact with her son,” Cas says with no lead in.
“Dean!”  Cas’s smile is wide and welcoming, and Dean grins back, ignoring that feeling in his stomach.
He walks a little bit further inside and then a wind picks up and a scream sounds -
Dean pulls him close, thrills again at how it feels, having Cas’s fingers against his chest, the weight of his body, the small movements of breath and speech and restlessness he can’t wait to
Cas chuckles.  “Every time I think I’m the organized one…”
Then Dean continues, “I couldn’t tell him.  When I left.  He was out on a job, and I
to do.  Don’t leave it undone.”
Dean takes a deep breath, relaxing marginally.  “Yes,” he breathes.  “Yes, that’s exactly what I mean.”
“No, I mean—”
“Uh…  Thank you?”  The ghost seems significantly less terrifying now, but definitely an asshole.
“Love you,” Cas whispers, Dean curved behind him, breath warm against his shoulder.
its torso.  “LEAVE THIS ABODE FOREVER, OR GREAT HARM-”
, I just don’t want to talk about it.  I was promised a movie, can we do that?”
Dean sighs.  “Yeah, boss, I know.  It’s just got some quirks, I’m working it out.”
Alfie laughs nervously. “Guess you don’t know Rowena, then. I’m coming. She insisted. Will we see you there?”
Cas leans forward, too, and Dean is drunk, unsteady, desperate.
Sam sighs.  “Jesus.  Did Dean tell you—”
“What?  Why would I want something? I just wanted to chat with my baby brother.”
He turns and ferrets out the paper bag and the newspaper that Sam dropped by the door, and grabs Cas’s hand as he heads for the kitchen and turns on the oven.
people.  And it’s not over.  I’m still that guy.”
As if it’s not a joke Dean himself started years ago.  Cas raises an eyebrow.  “It is.”
Dean raises his eyebrows.  “That’s a hell of a promise, man.”
He remembers to lock the door behind him this time, hands shaking as he hopes that the ghost is stuck in the house like all the horror movies say; he’s still clutching the tire iron and trying not to die of a heart attack.
Cas is just coming back inside when the doorbell rings.
It takes Dean way longer than it probably should to remember she’d mentioned losing her kid.
“Hey, there, Rowena,” Dean says uncertainly.  “Cas said I should come in?”
Dean holds him hard enough to bruise, and Cas promises again, "It's okay."
“What’s that?”
“I’m sorry, Dean.”
“I...I’ve wanted to,” he admits.  “I mean, I felt bad accepting—before, when we talked about it, I was going to get a post near Centauri so I was closer.  But I just...I couldn’t give up the chance to meet you.”  He glances over and Cas is open and interested, happy.  “It’s kind of like...I’ve been waiting my whole life, you know?”
Dean looks at him for too long, thinking how really incredibly handsome the guy is.  Was.  Is.  He shakes himself and grabs the steak dinner from the counter, throws out the other container and tries to get a hold of himself.
Dean fishes for an answer.  Sam and Gabe know each other from high school, Dean can’t trust them not to compare notes. And Sam is notorious for his
Cas nods, finishing his cup of coffee and feeling suddenly refreshed.  “Organized crime. That’s the mob. Shit.”  He shakes his head.  “All right, walk me through it.”
you.”
“Some water for your daisies?  And, ah, got an IPA in there?”
Dean wonders if Cas sees the way he glitches, as well.  It feels weird to talk to Cas about it.  Almost as weird as it had felt going home with Jesse.  Even though Cas had more or less told him to do it, it feels oddly disloyal.  And now, he realizes that Cas has no idea he’s bi, and at best won’t get it and at worst will think he’s some possessed deviant, but he doesn’t want to lie, either.
“Oh, Charlie!” Sam interjects as if he’s just thought of something.  Dean is about to thank him when Sam continues, “ask him about Cas.”
A window blows open in the bedroom and Dean starts. “I’ll get it,” he says, and rushes off to close it.
Dean smiles up at him but there’s no humor in it.  “You say it like it’s a joke.”
He trails off, and his voice is so worn, so broken that Dean wants to reach out, but he doesn’t.
Cas smiles.  “Yes, Sam.  Perfect.  Thank you.”
“She said you’re hurting her reputation with the neighbors by ‘lurking.’”  His fingers curl around the last word and Dean grins.
Dean squirms and leans into Cas’s shoulder.  “I’m…
All the anger drains from Dean.  “What happened?  I thought you liked the Miltons?”
“I do.  Why don’t you bring it inside with you?”
Cas appears in front of him and smiles.  “She has a good heart, I think.”
“I used to sneak out into the woods and build lean-to’s and shelters, pretend I was living off the land—the pioneer life was very romanticized at the time. We dreamed of the west, all the kids did.  Sometimes my sister Anna and I would play games—heroes and damsels, that sort of thing.  And we had to take turns because she hated that she wasn’t supposed to slay dragons.”  He smiles.  “Things were so different, then.”
still here, and Fergus has managed to make it to the great hereafter?”
“That it’s dangerous?” Cas cuts him off. He doesn’t need another list of reasons he shouldn’t do it. “Yes.”
“Whoever you are,” he warns loudly, brandishing the tire iron like his pounding heart isn’t about to vacate his chest.  “I’m not afraid of you.”
“Hey, Cas!  Give me a minute to grab the house and we can get started.”
Dean nods.  “Yup.  Okay.  Great, thank you.  I feel much better now.”
He feels like he missed that opportunity, now, but he fumbles out the waveform creator he’d made when he and Cas had first talked about meeting—the one he’d programmed with a message in the Luminate language.
Cas raises an eyebrow.  “The kind a dead person can drink, I guess?”
He gets in the impala and starts her up.
“That would never happen,” Cas says.
Cas smiles at Dean and takes a few sips before sneaking a glance over the edge of the mug.  Dean sits beside him, Sam at the foot of the bed.  It feels good.  Comfortable.   “Did you have a good night?”
?”  He shrugs.  “It may not be to your taste.  I’m happy to watch your movies, you know.”
Dean looks at his nightstand and then looks around it in confusion.  “The fuck?”
He can do this.  He can live it up.  He can do this for Cas.
“House sitting, huh?”  A weekend.  A weekend with Cas.  A weekend sleeping in this house.
It was easier when he knew he was a hair’s breadth from death, and so the big things didn’t bear thinking about.
What are you even—” Dean manages, and then Sam points to the kids and grins.
Cas smiles, and he can feel himself blush.  This whole hardened criminal thing isn’t really settling on him very well, he thinks with a huff of a laugh.  “Me too,” he admits.
“I’m gonna,” he manages, “
Sam is gone when they wake up.  The old car, the black classic one Dean told him to keep out of sight, is gone, too.
Cas laughs softly. “Yes, I suppose it is.  I just meant...Dean is having a hard time believing that I’m all right with…”  He gestures loosely at Sam, then encompasses the room.
Dean flashes her a weak grin.  “Yeah, sounds great.”
Charlie throws herself at him the moment she gets the door open, and hugs him like he didn’t ghost her for almost a month.  “I’m so glad you made it,” she whispers gently, still clinging like a spider monkey.  It’s like she knows there’s something wrong.
Sam and Dean unfold slowly, just a few inches between them.  Sam’s hand rests on the back of Dean’s neck, Cas can see long fingers curved around the sharp tendons there, resting easy as if they belong.  As if Cas hadn’t set his lips there just last night, just this morning.
Dean makes an irritated noise.  “Not a ton of time for me to sleep over, you know?  I just want to be sleeping.”
Cas laughs and Dean gets to work on dinner.
As if things weren’t complicated enough.
He heads back inside to find Cas waiting and warmth grows in his chest;  Cas has a quizzical smile that widens when their eyes meet.  It feels like coming home to someone, and it’s dangerous to think about.  That’s not what this is.  It can’t be.
It had been fine when the kid had walked him through.  Not a peep.  Maybe the ghost liked the kid.  Sure as fuck didn’t like Dean, though.
“Big sap,” Dean mutters as he walks away, but Cas can see that he’s smiling.
“It was good for you?” Deans asks, curling into the vast cocoon of Cas’s limbs.  “I need to—I really like to, uh...serve my partners?  You know?  I mean, I want to be able to give you something back, make you feel good.”
Dean looks over, wanting to stop Cas with a kiss or a hand on his shoulder.  He interrupts instead, glaring.  “
“Did you ever think about kissing a guy?”  Dean glances up to find Cas watching him closely.
Who is, frankly, another challenge all together. Weird-ass ghost in a trench coat. Hot and buttoned-up and see-through. He talks like an encyclopedia, has a dry, sarcastic sense of humor, and takes none of Dean’s shit.
“Shit, shit,
“You did.  I felt amazing.  I still feel—I don’t think it’s ever been like this.  I feel weak.  My material form has no weight.  I am electrified, every waveform, every nanosecond.  I feel alive with it, strong, too.  It feels...you say…
“I figure we’ll start with refreshments.  I didn’t know what you’d have seen before, so I figured we’d do a little taste test.”  He glances over to where Cas hovers and corrects himself.  “Sniff test, I guess.  Here, I got…” he pulls out the first three sample bottles and then rubs his hands on his jeans.  He might have gone a little crazy.  It was hard to know what Cas might like.
Dean rolls his eyes and nods.
He nods.  “Yeah, I was just telling Cas…”  He trails off in embarrassment.  It really is like meeting the parents, just as awkward and weird as it ever was.  “Yeah, I made them this morning.”  At six a.m., so the scent would still be fresh.
Cas’s shoulders fall.  “That’s wonderful news, Dean, thank you.  It’s really the best I could have hoped for.”
He flips the DVD over in his hands, wondering what her game is, why she’s doing all of this, why she trusts him.  Finally, he shrugs and loads the DVD player.  Who is he to argue with this kind of meddling?  He can’t think of anywhere he’d rather be.
He pastes on an easy smile and pops the cap off the coffee, and when he looks up, Cas is sitting next to him with a wide, easy smile that makes his stomach flip.
, Cas responds, pulling him closer.
He picks up the food from Oscar at the bar, managing to escape the third degree from Jo.  He leaves a good tip and then gets out of there before any of the nosy crew can catch sight of him.
Dean shakes his head, huffing a laugh.  “Yeah, yeah, it is.  She’s gonna watch them with you?”  He ignores the disappointment that threatens.
“He can’t stay here,” Dean says quietly.
Dean heats the meat pie in the oven out of respect for the crust, which definitely looks homemade.  He may be reconsidering his stance on Rowena.
“So, what, Latin’s your native language or something?”
Cas knows he’s doing the right thing.  He knows he can trust Dean.  He knows that letting Dean and Sam be together is important.
She nods, smiling broadly as she takes in the large room.  “Very nice, good southern light.  I grow herbs, you know.  And some flowers.  This is perfect for it.”
He shakes his head.  Sam keeps telling him to find another place, or buy something, but Dean’s still waiting for that right house in the right price range in the right neighborhood with a little bit of land...and it’s not looking like that’s going to happen anytime soon.  The market is up, sure, and that’s great for commissions, but it also seriously limits his purchase options.
“Cas.  Right.  Cool.  So...I’m trying to sell this house.  You’re, I’m guessing, not excited about that.  Is there any way I can help you...like...move on or whatever?”
The little redhead bounces into Sam’s arms and then turns to throw herself at Dean with abandon.  “Dean!  I’m so glad to see you!  It’s been forever!"
Cas smiles, strained.  “I wouldn’t have thought so?  I thought I did it the right way—built a good life, a good family, a good home.  But...if that were true, why am I still here?  Why am
(See the end of the chapter for
He brings the house in, half assembled, sets it in on the dining room table and then heads to the kitchen.
“Shhh,” Dean says from the other side of the room.  He comes back around and lies down.  “I was just starting coffee, calm down,” he whispers.  “Sammy scare you that much?’
Cas is on the couch next to him suddenly, and Dean manages not to jump completely out of his skin.  “
It feels incredible. It
Cas squeezes his hand.  “We’ll figure it out.  Do you need me home today?”
“Dean,” the man says, breathless.  “Where's...where's Dean?”
Dean pulls up, schooling his face, reminding himself that he did exactly what Cas asked him to do.  He lived his life, he took a chance.  That’s all.
Dean’s glad he hasn’t told anyone about Cas, because he knows, he just
Dean nods. “Yeah, of course.  I mean, I think it’ll be a great fit for you.”
“Power structures?  Are we...are you talking about the
There’s a pause and Sam responds, low and angry.  “Don’t do that.  I’m not stupid, Dean.  Tom and Meg ambush me one day, and then the three of you disappear?  C’mon.  You led them away.  You took care of it.  No one’s seen them since.”
“Of course, Dean,” Cas says, whisking away his plate.  “I wanted you to feel welcome.”
“They have chat rooms for that?”
Cas brightens.  Literally, fills the entire dwelling with bright blue light.  “I’ve studied your anatomy.  Your skin is very sensitive.  In my studies I learned several types of stimulation that might be very pleasant for you.  I would...I would like to try some of them.  I would like to give you pleasure, Dean.”
Dean smiles.  “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
The tension drains out of Sam suddenly, and he laughs.  He presses a kiss into Dean’s neck almost too quickly for Cas to catch.  “Hey, I was careful, I promise.  I had to—I got croissants.”
Cas shakes his head.  “No, no, nothing like that.  At least, not as far as I can tell.  I think she’s just lonely.  We’re all right, Dean.  It’s fine.”
He swallows. “It’s gonna be all right, you’ll see.”
palate.”
And Sam looks up at him and smiles slowly, beautifically.  “Goddamn.  I wondered how he got here after...after everything.  I hope you know…”  He closes his eyes.  Opens them a few moments later, and that wide smile fades into something sad.  “I’ll leave you to it as soon as I’ve healed up a bit.  Just need a fighting chance.”
on Rowena’s huge TV, and it’s just as awe inspiring as it was the first time Dean saw it.  He has half an eye on the windows the entire time, half an eye on the clock.
“A black and bleu burger for me,” he starts, then blushes at the slip.  “I mean, for tonight.  There’s this steak I got for tomorrow.  You might, ah, like it, though.”  He cracks open the container and can’t help the joy that fills him when Cas closes his eyes and takes a deep breath.
But Dean’s on a roll now, he’s gonna get rid of this evil fuck just like crazy Grandpa Campbell used to.  He speaks more loudly now,
Dean looks up and the guy is still kinda translucent but he’s looking quite a bit more human now and he’s hiding his mouth with his hand and he is
Dean’s face is suddenly drawn.  Sick.  Sallow.  “Guess it runs in the family, huh?”  He’s got a death grip on Cas’s hand.
Dean puts down the sandpaper.  “Okay, wait.  One—I love that you feel like this somehow makes the house less impressive.  Because, dude, this thing?”  He points at the dollhouse, currently in three pieces, “is a tiny, simplified facsimile of a house, and I have fucked it up at least five times.  And that’s
Dean swallows.  ”Yeah. Sure. Well. I’d…”  He loses himself in Cas’s eyes.  Lets his gaze flicker over Cas’s face, his high cheekbones, his mouth.  Flickers back to his eyes just as Cas licks his lips.  Every nerve in Dean’s body fires, alive and electric.
Jesse smiles, and Dean can’t help but smile back.
, to feel everything Cas will give him.
“What’s up?”
It was easier when the happiest he could imagine was a greasy cheeseburger followed up with pie, all on someone else’s credit card.
Sam goes first, leaning forward with a groan, fist a blur.  “Fuck, oh,
“Good, Cas,” he says, doing his best to press back and forth, show Cas how much he loves it.  “My mouth, kiss me, I’m gonna come, I need you,
Cas shrugs, amused.  “None taken.”
“I think he does,” Dean offers, and this might be the only downside to having the two of them working on him together.  The quips.  The teasing. The long drawn out—
Dean sighs and moves into the living room, taking a seat on the couch gingerly.  Obviously a different approach is needed, here.
“You’re beautiful,” Cas tells him.  In Luminate, he says
“I really will find you a good family,” Dean blurts out.
Dean collapses on the pristine couch and rubs his face, hiding a smile.  “You are…”
It feels so good.  Dean’s hand in his, thumb smoothing over the back of his fingers; Sam’s mouth on his, exploring tirelessly.
Cas waves awkwardly and Dean finds himself grinning as he lets himself out.
Dean flushes, his skin going warm.  He takes his dishes to the kitchen and washes them, taking a few deep breaths before heading back into the living room.
Sam comes in holding a mug and trailing the scent of Columbian roast.  Cas smiles gratefully and props himself up when Sam sets the mug on the nightstand.
“Yeah,” Dean says, his voice wavering.  “Take that.”
“Oh,” Cas says, going slightly pink.  “Rowena said she picked up the movies for us.  She didn’t know what movie you’d referenced, I could only remember it was something about stars...but she said it was likely one of these.”
Cas shines yellow-white and then tinges pink again, and then moves back into his typical blues, as Dean squeezes his tentacle gently.
Sam laughs, a broken sound.  “No.  Cas, no.  He needs
“I brought some new files, have a look,” Dean says, pulling out the profiles on the two families that have shown interest in the house.  “I think they’re promising.  The Doans have two kids, older boys who need a yard to practice in—they both play baseball, I guess they’re pretty serious about it.  They love old construction and they’re looking for a place to restore, not gut.”
It was easier then.  Before Cas broke it all open, scattered Dean’s dreams—those dreams he’d locked tightly away, bound behind the easy things, the fleeting pleasures—scattered and scrambled them irreparably.  Left Dean to clean up the mess.  Left Dean to rebuild himself alone.  Atom by atom.
“Whatever,” he mutters.  Then, grudgingly, “Thanks, Jo.”
“More than ever.”  Cas’s voice is harsh.
“I love seeing you like this,” Dean tells him softly, smoothing his hair away from his face.
“Good,” Cas says firmly, and then he’s gone.
Dean is teenage-first-date levels of nervous when he rings the bell the next morning at eight, coffee holder and Tupperware in hand.  He’s not sure about his reception, doesn’t even know what he
Dean juggles pamphlets and coffees while he unlocks the door.
the box projects, out there for the planet, for Cas, to see.
Cas looks over at him, brows pulled together in question.
wants something ‘more authentic’, he can build his own damn cabinets!  You’re lucky I didn’t give him a heart attack.”
your language, Cas. I love how much you can express all at once.  But what I meant was...you know.  I’d really like it if we could, maybe, both get a lot of pleasure.  Together.”
“Cas?  Why are you accosting my boss’s coffee?”  Dean says, and he’s trying to stay annoyed, but the ghost looks just...ridiculous hunched over the way he is, eyes closed like he’s savoring some Michelin star meal or something.
Cas is glowing.  “I do know,” he says softly.  “I feel the same.”
Cas can’t find it in himself to be offended.  “I like to consider my options.  I’m a planner.”
Cas hesitates, then nods, a smile curving his lips.  “All right, then.  Goodnight, Dean.”
Dean wipes a hand over his face.  “Sorry, man.  I’m sorry.  He’s just...I never…”  He sighs.  Long and heavy and full of years and memories Cas knows he’s been trying to leave behind.
Dean hears a chuckle behind him and the tension eases out of his body.  He turns.  “Cas.  Hey, good to see you.”
Dean kisses him, a quick peck to the cheek.  “He was worried for us, Sammy.  Wanted to make sure we were okay first.  For a man who does what he wants...he’s slow.”
Dean shrugs.  “Yeah, no big deal.  I just felt like…I should bring something.”
him, Cas. I left him there and didn’t even tell him I was going.”
“Thanks,” Dean says, looking at Cas a little too long.  He clears his throat.  “So, you gonna let me know how you want these shelves?”
“You’re welcome.”
“Well, we’re not done yet, buddy. Hold onto your hat.  Try the Sinatra.  Am I ridiculous, was he even a thing for you?”
“Yup,” Dean says firmly.
“I have a few things, yeah.  I also have great references for contractors and electricians if you’re looking for anything big.”
“How’s Karen?” Dean asks.
“Yeah, this part, the dining room and the kitchen are the original house, the parlor is an add on, and the third and fourth bedroom.”
“You didn’t tell Sam I was coming with you.”
“See you soon,” Dean says, rolling over and trying to get comfortable.  The watching gets to him.  He can feel eyes expectant on his back, his side.
Dean’s voice forces him awake.  “Hey, sleeping beauty, pick your ass up so I can get these off.
Cas sighs and opts not to say anything.
Dean strokes him slowly, pulling him back in. “Yeah, he wanted me to tell him what it was like to be with you. Fuck you.  Have you inside me.”
“Must be a pretty good friend to help you with a doll house.”
, I want to come for you.”
The rain pounds on the roof as he stretches and moves into a slow warm up.  He won’t be able to get a full workout in, now.  Maybe later, while Dean is watching Dr. Sexy or following up on work emails.  It’s been a long time since he was in a dojo, but he tries to keep it up, even if it's more meditation than match-ready these days.  It’s been a decade since he’s had to do anything beyond a gentle de-escalation of an upset citizen.
“Cuddled,” Dean scoffs.  He contemplates.  “Well, yeah.  I mean, if you want.”
He’s never felt the differences between him and Cas as keenly as he has the past week.  Every single moment they’re together, there's the unfathomable space of their inability to touch, and that niggling feeling that there's something there, between them.  And, yet.  None of it’s worth saying aloud.  Not to Cas and not to Charlie, because Cas is
Dean’s stomach plummets.  He remembers his promise.  “Yeah, man.  Me, too.  I’m, uh, not sure I should be driving quite yet, though.  You all right?”
Sam nods.  “You too, Cas.”  His tone is wistful.
“Dropping that on me right before you...died or whatever!”
There’s an injured man in their house, and Dean has regressed fifteen years in two minutes, and Cas feels like he’s visiting the twilight zone as he watches Dean pull a needle out of a pack, thread it with dental floss, and begin stitching the hole in their guest.
Still contemplating his options, Dean makes a pit stop at Mallory’s and gets his standard large dark roast and one of the horrifying confections Gabe likes so much—vanilla nut maple froofy something-or-other.  Hopefully that’ll get the guy off his back until he figures out what exactly to do about the house.
There’s a creak upstairs and the couch rattles slightly.
“Dean.”
Sam is looking at him, head tipped in a ‘do tell’ angle when Dean glances over.
Cas looks down at his coffee and smiles.  “Of course.”
Dean picks up one of the wrought iron brackets.  “Arts and Crafts, huh?  Nice choice.”
Thanks for bearing with me, friends I know it's been a very long time.  I hope you enjoy this installment, and I hope to be more consistent going forward.  Not too much further to go!
Cas looks up.  Sam is right there, hair tucked behind one ear, falling over his forehead on the other side.  He’s very lovely up close. The soft upturn of his nose.  The tiny lines when he smiles. The slight blush in his cheeks as Dean calls him out.
Hey,” he fights for words between tastes of Cas’s mouth, whispers against his skin, his lips, his cheek, “are you okay, is this okay?”
Cas nods.  “Yes, of course.  That’s important to me.”
“Hey, buddy!  Hang on, let me…”  He hefts the first set of bags onto the island and goes back for the other two, he has to make two more trips to grab what he brought from home.
“Sam,” he asks, not sure if he’s asking for himself or Dean.  “Are you...will you be okay?”
The forests of Oregon feel comfortable, like things are starting to straighten out again.  Like this, here, is something he can get used to.  He remembers hunting when they were young—that first werewolf.  That first scar.  He has to check to see if it’s still there, and it rises up to meet his fingers as if he’s brought it back just by remembering.
Cas squeezes his arm.  “Of course.”  They stand in silence until the machine is spitting the last of the coffee into the carafe.  “Do you want to talk about it?”
Dean enters the house with the book at the ready.  He doesn’t even wait for the ghost to start in, he speaks right away, loud and with authority and trying not to stumble over the Latin he practiced last night but has no clue how to get his mouth around.
“Oh, I was wondering if I could...put a few things in here.”
Cas is fascinating.  Dean’s always known that, but in person it’s more obvious.  He’s smart as a whip — he’s an engineer with a team that creates new technologies used across the galaxies.  He’s funny in a dry sort of way, and is always trying to do the right things, make a difference.
Cas huffs.  “Why don’t you buy it?  You like it well enough.  You said your apartment is horrible.”
It takes considerably longer than it probably should for Cas to get to sleep.  He’s slept without Dean before.  When one of them is travelling for work, typically.  But it’s been a long time, and it’s never been because one of them was with someone else.
The door is still unlocked - he was too busy running for his life to lock it behind him - so he sneaks in and takes a deep breath when the alcove is clear.  Then he steps into the living room and the temperature plunges.
of this is weird.”
“Hush,” Dean tells him, cocky again.  “It’s my story.”  He pulls, one long stroke over Cas’s cock, effectively shutting him up.
“Hey,” Dean says, and then he just spits it out before he can get any further.  “Can you leave the house at all?  Like, outside?”
It’s crazy.  Everything about this trip is crazy.  Everything about this routine and how easily they’ve settled into it is absolutely insane.
Cas wakes to the press of kisses along his shoulder and neck, and while that’s all very nice, he’d rather be sleeping.  “No,” he grumbles.
“How are you even real?” Sam asks, sounding confused and awed in a way that makes Cas blush.
Dean pulls at Sam’s cock, and Sam’s mouth goes open, slack, air pushing from his lungs, dragging back in.  His head drops sometimes when Dean touches him just right, and Cas groans with him.
“Is that a ghost reference?”  Cas’s mouth twitches into a wry smile.
He panics briefly, considers driving away, and then reminds himself he’s allowed to park on the road.  He’s not doing anything wrong.  It’s not like he’s stalking.
He pulls around as he’s told and follows Rowena to the front door, much as he had when he showed her the house.
Another shrug.  “It was a good life.  Not always easy, but mainly good.  We had a small garden the kids were in charge of—my brother Michael was the oldest, so he’d give us tasks when my father was at work.  But there was free time as well.”  He smiles and Dean can’t help but smile back.
“Hey, you’re a woodworker, right?”
The ghost sighs.  Dean didn’t know ghosts did that.  “Look, I just don’t want a stranger in my house.  Is that really so weird?”
Cas fixes him with an icy ghost stare.  “Yes, Dean, it was.”  He looks away.  “It was very kind of you to have it repaired, and I do appreciate it — Alfie can’t really afford those kinds of costs now that he’s going back to school.  Anyhow, the fact remains that I can’t do anything here to physically maintain the house.”
Luckily, he has an idea.
He misses…
He’s back to the mug, sniffing with that look of ecstatic joy.  If he were Dean’s type — which of course he isn’t, because Dean likes people with pulses, to start — but if he was, well this would probably get his attention.
Cas chuckles.  “You mean, when I was alive?”
Cas looked away, as if the living room window was suddenly fascinating.  “Oh, right.”
“Oh, yes.”  She touches his arm, fixing him with a strangely motherly gaze.  “You’re lurking, dear.  You look very questionable out there in that ridiculous muscle car.  You need to park in the driveway like an actual guest.  You and Cas can have coffee in the living room in the morning.  I’m generally out in the garden til at least ten in any case.  You won't even know I'm here!” She gives him two quick pats to the shoulder and then gives him a disconcertingly wide smile.  “Now, don't keep Cas waiting.  And lock up when you go, won’t you?  Ta!”  She breezes past him toward the garage.
Dean replays in his head all the way to the house.
He pretends not to see the way Dean slides his hand off Sam’s.
In the ride to Cas’s home, Cas asks Dean about his life—how are Sam and his family?  Has Mary moved to Terra 4 yet?  How is Bobby handling Dean’s departure?  And look, Dean hasn’t worked with many immaterial beings before, but this feels absolutely as fantastic as he’d imagined, having a real conversation with Cas without having to worry about delays for solar storms or satellite issues.
He waits almost twenty minutes in silence before he drives away.
Dean lets Cas play with the buttons and snaps of his clothes, finds that Cas is a quick learner, stripping Dean down quickly and then looking him over with a million blue eyes.
, where the slightest miscalculation will turn him into atomic soup.
Cas smiles a crooked, sad smile.  “I am.  Do you...do you want me to go?”
“Hello, Dean,” and Dean jumps.
(See the end of the chapter for
time to feel the way he does.
It’s for Mary, obviously. But he knows they wouldn’t see it that way.
—yes—”
Rowena laughs behind him, high and bright.  “You don’t know the half of it!  But it’s all fine, now.  Castiel has gone and made an honest witch of me.”
“I know.”
“It’s small,” Cas was explaining, “But I think you’ll find it comfortable.  I constructed a station for you to sit and eat, and I bought food at the human market!  They had ‘cheeseburgers’ there, so I got some for dinner with ‘french fries.’  I hope I remembered that correctly, they also recommended ‘onion rings,’ but I don’t recall you mentioning those.”
Charlie squeezes his arm.  “Yeah, he’s good.  He’s back with Cesar, they’re doing really well.”
“Can I...help you?” Cas asks, puzzled.
this is not about him at all, but he can’t stop the words from leaving his mouth.  As if he thinks that somehow
, Sammy?”
you there.”
Her face goes shuttered for a moment, and the look when she meets Dean’s eyes is...chilling, honestly.  “I did.  My son passed a few years ago.  But even so, I think the house will find me a good fit.”
Dean goes next, just as Sam is beginning to unclench, comes with a massive thrust of his hips, lets himself fall over Cas completely, holds himself up with one hand and gives Cas a first rate view of his hand and the arc of his come, over and over, striping sideways across Sam’s where it’s already cooling.  Cas doesn’t come, but he might as well have.  His body jerks with every fresh mark.  He groans and his breath stutters and God it feels amazing.
Dean’s answer is curt. “Yeah, Cas, did I stutter?”
Sam looks up, his expression cautious.  “Yeah, we were.”  He shrugs self-consciously.  “Inseparable.”
.  It’s a silent film, and for the entire first half Cas apologizes for the quality, the jumpiness, the outdated themes and assumptions.
“Oh, looks like it’s almost time for cake, see you in a few,” and he makes a hasty exit.
Cas is looking down when Dean glances back over, and he suddenly feels like kind of a dick.  Way to overreact, there.
“Do you…” he clears his throat.  “Do you think about it now?”
“There are good things about it,” Cas tells him with a soft smile.  He gazes into the distance for a long moment.  “Promise me something?”
“Never.  Dean.
“I did,” Cas says miserably.  “But there was a raccoon family.  They were all gone, but there was one, it was stuck in the crawlspace, Dean.  It was terrified!  The mother couldn’t get to it with the inspector there and..well, I panicked.”
“Could you
.  I’m not—of course I do, I just want you to be sure.  I don’t need to—”  He moans into Cas’s shoulder, his body jerking as Cas undoes his jeans.  “Oh,
He likes Jesse, he really does, and the guy knows what he’s doing, and Dean tells himself it’ll come together soon, it’ll all fall into place and he won’t keep thinking about a ghost while someone else has hold of his dick.
Dean wants to go for a reassuring shoulder slap, and just barely keeps from making an absolute idiot of himself.  “I gotta run, buddy, I’ll stop by tonight and touch base, see what you think of these families before I bring them by, okay?”
Cas ignores the way his stomach drops at Sam’s surprise.  “Yes.”
Dean laughs from the kitchen.  “You’re home?”
“Sensei would appreciate your terminology,” Cas says, passing behind Dean to get to the hallway and noting how full the pots are.  “Did you invite the entire town?”
Cas reaches out to curl a tentacle over his cheek, along his lip.  “I know,” he says.  “I can see that you’re sincere.  I think your Grace...it takes more time to show.  But if you want to show me, I want to see it.  I want to see you, Dean.  I’m glad you were able to see me.”
It really is. The house is stunning, and the main section, which has two additions, now, is solidly constructed - post and beam, and the headers are still visible in the kitchen.  It’s one of the features he’ll highlight...
“I am.”
Cas gives him a sly smile.  “Would it be a date?”
Cas’s jaw goes tight, gaze full of disdain.  “Righteous,” he says.  Dean can hear the fury, still.
Dean watches Cas sniff it, going fuzzy like he does with the coffee — maybe it’s something about the concentration of it, or the sweetness.
Cas shakes his head.  Steps forward. Smashes Dean back into the wall. “I want you to listen. For once in your life,
here, I’d hate to fuck up her sheetrock.”
anything, which is actually quite frustrating when things go wrong and no one does anything.”
.  I wouldn’t trade you for the world.”
“Oh, Jesus Christ, fine.”  He collapses back down on the mattress and leaves Cas to it.  “I’m all yours,” he says, and it’s only after it’s out of his mouth that he realizes how true it is.  How true it’s been.
“Thank you,” he says softly.  “You’re wonderful.”
Dean pulls up the driveway and slides the new files between the cups, balances the tray in one hand and unlocks the box to get the key with the other.
Dean closes his eyes and nods.  Shakes his head, his lips pressed together.
He can see his breath, suddenly, and shit has
Dean smiles and relaxes back into the couch.  “You’re so right.”
The way Cas moves—slow and deliberate and curious—disarms him completely.  No one has ever examined him like this.  Tested his reactions, explored his body.  Cas is in no rush and has no shame, he rubs Dean’s shaft with two fingers, varying the pressure until Dean arches against it, then uses a loose fist.  Tightens it down until Dean gasps.  He holds Dean’s balls gently, stroking them with his thumb, and Dean wonders if Cas used to do this to himself.  If he used to imagine doing this with someone.  If it’s odd to finally be touching a man after being brainwashed his whole life.
“Hell yeah!  Ellen taught me everything I know, man, so I learned from the best.  And I love cooking, it’s a great way to…”
How can Dean resist?
“Oh, uh, okay,” Dean says, pocketing the key.
Rowena’s paperwork moves through effortlessly.  Every day he’s got something else coming through to initial, confirm, sign.  The title search goes through in two days—he’s never seen anything like it.
Dean looks out on the lake.  It’s peaceful here, a good place to wind down.  He casts into the water, reels the line in slowly.  He’s indifferent to what he might pull, or if he catches anything at all.  There’s never much that he needs, here.  A pole, a beer, the breeze blowing in off the water.  Maybe someone beside him, chatting idly about their day, watching the ripples on the water and making his heart trip just with their presence.
“Holy shit,” Sam says, collapsing down next to him.  “That was really hot.”
Cas glances over and Dean could swear he’s blushing.  “I think so, yes.”
Cas smiles.  “You used to say I needed to quiet down.”
They share a look that convinces Dean he does, and he goes warm with it.  Sure, they’d talked about it, sidelong, hinted at feelings and dreams of a shared future...but Dean hadn’t let himself hope for it.  Not really.  Not yet.
wants to meet Cas.  They’ve known each other for 10 Terran years, now, and that may be a blink of a celestial lightforms’s...wavelength, but for Dean, it’s a
Sam opens his mouth and then closes it, and Cas decides to change the subject.
Cas doesn’t know what to say.  It’s private, those long nights of waiting and being afraid and watching one token get washed away to be replaced with another a month or two later, and then having to wait, and watch, and dread that it could happen all over again.
Cas gives up and sets the book down.  “I know.”
The fear.
, that neither Charlie or Sam would let him hear the end of this—hauling a half built dollhouse to a house he doesn’t own, to meet a dead guy he barely knows, at an hour he definitely wouldn't be going out otherwise.
Cas shifts restlessly.  “Yes, they sound very promising.  I’ll consider them, of course.”
But, he’s getting distracted. “Look, the house is great, I can understand why you’d want to stay here.  But, like, why didn’t you bother the kid who’s selling it?”
“Ha!  Yup, that’s the stuff!  Kids love that shit—stuff.”
How in the galaxy can it feel so natural for Dean to be here, touching Cas, in a port two systems from his own, when he’s never been off Terra 3 before in his life?  It’s unreal.
“I can only go to the tree,” Cas says, nodding at the big oak that stands in the yard across the street.  “It used to be ours, but when the road got paved they moved things around.”
“Yeah,” Dean mutters, yanking his pants up.  “I know that, okay? I’m not trying to tell you what to do, I just don’t want you to get killed out there, is all!  Sorry for caring about you, Jesus!”
“What?”
He misses Jack.
“Really fucked everything up, huh?”  Sam shakes his head and looks away.
He puts his hands up, ready to explain...somehow, when she laughs again.
“Hey, now, it’s not like that!  Just a friend with some skills to help walk me through it.  I promise I placed every piece.  What, you don’t believe I can manage a
“Is this how you want to be?  I want to be looking at you how you’re comfortable.  I thought your eyes would be—” he gestures at Cas’s chest, where the mass of his form had been in the holo.
it’s incredible.  Crisp fried texture on the outside and pink on the inside, just the right amount of give in Dean’s mouth.  Dean is completely overwhelmed with the tiny details Cas has thought of to make him feel at home.
He gasps when Dean slides his boxers down, just barely remembers how to help, and then there’s a hand inside his knee and Dean has him spread wide—vulnerable.
“You guys video chat?”
Dean is cutting the seam of the giant’s pants when Cas gets back, and then there’s blood.  It’s dark, starting to dry or clot or something, and Cas has to look away.
He continues in Luminate,
Cas touches his lips with a tentacle, electric buzz making him gasp, and then Cas explores, sliding along his lower lip and dipping into his mouth gently.  Dean opens his mouth and Cas slides in further, the single tentacle joined by another.
“Right, of course,” and he’d known, of course, that Cas had had a family, but the name, Hannah, hits differently.  Made it real, somehow.  Cas had been part of a family, a married man, a father, and now...what was he?  All he had was this house, the last piece of his life, his family, and Dean is suddenly hit with how lonely it must be here, with everyone dead or moved on.
Dean nods.  Swallows.  Looks out the window to what is proving to be an offensively nice day.  “Yeah, I know, Cas.  I’m sorry.  This just has me…
“She, ah, she said it might be better if I watched with you instead.  I guess it’s not really her ‘thing.’”
“Dean!” Cas calls, lowering his armful of giant to the ground.  “Dean!”
—with you.”
Cas gives him a small smile and a nod, and they walk out the front door and across to the driveway and down to the road.
not interested in that, I’m thinking, maybe, you kinda are?”
Dean comes in from the other doorway to the kitchen and watches like a predator.  Cas had forgotten that he did that.
“This is more comfortable,” Cas continues in his incredible voice.  “Thank you, Dean.  I simply didn’t want to make you feel foreign here.”
"He was always terrible about music.  I was never allowed to play anything
He takes a deep breath.  “Nah.  Just out of sorts I guess.  I have a friend...he’s just been having a hard time.”
“With your glasses.”
“Yeah,” Sam assures, reaching up and sitting back to grip his cock.  “Yeah -
“You thought I left.”
Cas looks away.  “Oh.  Yes, I’m sorry about that.”
“Here,” he tells Dean.
“Dean!” Kevin calls.  “Can you do a one o’clock for the place on Farmer?”
“Custom, aren’t they?” she asks, running a long finger along the simple beaded edge of the framing.  “Beautifully done, still sturdy and gorgeous after so many years.”  She turns to Dean and fixes him with a meaningful stare.  “They just don’t make them like they used to, do they?”
“She doesn’t look like someone who drinks lattes,” Dean says.
Sam’s mouth pauses abruptly on his nipple.
It’s unreal, watching them, Dean pressing against Sam’s ass, pushing him forward into Dean’s hand, Sam breathing hard and ragged, sometimes dipping low enough that the wet head of his cock touches Cas’s stomach, and they suck in a collective breath with the sensation of it.
like Charlie.
“Of course you do. Anyhow, you and your mystery friend did a nice job.  It looks great and she loves it. She’s showing everyone that design in the shingles up there, and the bushes that are ‘just like the ones out front.’”
Dean nods.  “That’s...that’s why I want it.”
“Mmmm,” Cas grumps.  Then he opens his eyes a bit and sighs, rolling back and lifting his hips so Dean can pull his jeans off.  “Sorry.”
“Guess,” Dean says, clearing his throat.  “Uh, I guess I should get going, huh?”
The view from the PCH is awe inspiring in a way he never let himself think about.
“I know,” Cas says flatly.  He doesn’t elaborate.  He doesn’t even know how to feel, he’s been on a roller coaster of elation and fear and planning and hoping and wondering - his life hasn’t been this up in the air since he moved to Ohio twenty years ago.
Cas comes hard, arching up without meaning to, biting down on the startled cry lodged in his throat. “Oh, God,” he finally manages. “Oh my God. Baby. Holy shit.”
Dean feels a thrill go up his spine.  A Luminate’s Grace is intensely personal.  It’s uniquely theirs.  Sharing it is how they have children together, it’s how they form romantic bonds.  Dean can’t trade Grace with Cas, but he knows that the offer means a lot more than Dean being naked.
“Hello, Dean.”
Jesus, are you kidding, you fucker?  Last time you didn’t even give me a chance…”  He tries to be furious, but it’s hard to hold onto.  There’s nothing here to be angry about.
“Cas, you’re amazing.  Thank you.  What kind of beer do you like?”
“Oh my God.  And…but I can
Cas shakes his head, loosening his tie and starting to unbutton his shirt before he realizes it might be inappropriate.  “We don’t drink.”
.  Dean knows everything, and loves him anyway, and Cas is overcome with gratitude and comfort.  As much as absolutely everything has changed, this hasn’t.  Dean still knows him.  Loves him.  Does things just to make Cas happy.
.  You’re my best friend, my…” he hesitates to say it in Common, in case Cas meant it differently, in case Dean’s understanding is flawed.
This doesn’t feel anything like that.
“I…”   He laughs nervously.  “Cas, this is...so much.  I can’t tell you—”
Cas goes hot.  He wouldn’t ask for it.  Not with something so new.  But now that Dean has put the idea in his head, he has to have it.  His dick tries valiantly to rally.
Charlie’s friend, Jesse, is nice.  Big guy, quiet.  Dean notices right away they’re dressed like twins—Dean in his green flannel, Jesse in his black, and Charlie is beaming across the table any time she’s not giving Gilda the doe-eyes.  Dean doesn’t want to disappoint her, and he doesn’t want to hurt Jesse, either.  But his heart just isn’t in it.
“This is lovely, Dean, thank you.”
“Hey, babe?”  Dean whispers, a slight strain in his voice that begs for reassurance.
Bobby tips his beer bottle in Dean’s direction.  “No dog too old for new tricks,” he assures.  “Or too dead, turns out.”
“No.”
“How ‘bout you, Pigpen?  You need a cleanup?”
“I’m sure she won’t mind if I show her around.  It’s literally my job. Least I can do.”
Dean interrupts.
Dean shrugs it off.  “Sounds good.”
“Dean—” she begins reasonably.
“Goodnight, Dean.”
Dean chuckles.  “Especially me, huh?  Yeah, that could be a nightmare, getting stuck with me for an eternity.”  It’s more bitter than he’d intended.
He doesn’t think about the things he wishes
Tentacles wind tight around his wrists and also around his calves and his knees and press him up, apart, exposing his ass to Cas’s curious gaze.
Dean reaches for his hand and it passes right through to the seat, and he realizes that there are tears on his face, and he’s afraid as fuck about where this is going because it just might break him, too.
The look of gratitude on Cas’s face is pure. A little heartrending. Noone’s done anything decent for the guy in too long.
“How’s it looking?” Dean asks.
Cas kisses him, long and deep, then flops over to snuggle into his side.  Dean is dry and covered with a blanket suddenly, and only then does he remember it’s a dream.
Cas shakes his head, the war of fear and absolute certainty making him light headed.  “I don’t believe this has been a lie.  The years we’ve spent together?  I know this is you, too, Dean.”
“Hey, Cas, I’m so sorry about yesterday,” he says, keeping his voice light.  “I was late ‘cause I had a date, and it went well and…”  he wiggles an eyebrow.  “Well, you know.  Anyway, I got up late and I had to get to work and I, uh, I can’t exactly text when there’s a change of plan.”
The bag is still warm, he can smell the combination of bourbon glaze, garlic and beef.
Dean takes a deep breath.  “All right, then.  Just, you know, tell me if there’s a problem.  I’ll figure something out, okay?”
The kiss Dean presses into the hollow of his hip is drawn out, grounding.  More affection than seduction.
The vibrations of Dean’s low laughter make him whine and squirm, and then they hold him down as if they’ve planned it, letting his cock slide between their kissing lips, swiping him with wet tongues as his cock presses through the heat of their joined mouths.  He doesn’t mean to thrust, doesn’t want to take, but he can’t help it.
, man, what do you take me for? I just mean, you know, you could smell it, maybe.  Some of the stouts are really nice, or if you like the sours?”
“I think...he does.  Of course he does.  He wants to feel your mouth, Dean.  How warm it is.  Wants to feel your hand on his neck, your lips...”  His voice is thick, and Dean wishes he could do it all for real.
“If you were to, when you...” Cas asks.  “What would that be like?  If you did?”
Sam nods slowly.
Dean has no earthly reason to go back to the house after it's sold...but when has that ever stopped him?
Sam leans in again, stays close and explores this time, and Cas opens his mouth and kisses back.
“Yeah, Cas.  Definitely,”  Dean tells him, heating up from the inside.  This is better than he’s dreamed, and he’s, well, he’s dreamed this a
.  I don’t even know what to think.  No idea how the kid found me.  Who else is coming behind him.”  He looks up, catches Cas’s eyes.  “This could get bad, you know.  Real bad.”
?” Cas is surprised despite himself.
“That’s great.”  Dean smiles over at him.  “Really, Cas.  You’re not going to regret this, you need someone here, right?  To keep it up!  To bring joy back in, like you were saying about when Alfie was a kid.  It’s going to be great, Cas.  You’ll see.”
Pain crosses Cas’s face before he looks away.  “I know.  It’s unfair, and it doesn’t actually solve the problem.”  He sighs again.  “I just don’t want this to happen to anyone else.  Especially you.”
Dean shows the house, or rather...Dean opens the door and Rowena shows herself around.
Sam rolls his eyes, but his smile is still wide.  “Nope, got it all right where I wanted it.”  He looks over at Cas, who blushes.
