With the passage of time Frak became more and more passionate about genealogy of his family so me too. He took me to an old castle of an ancient Scottish family that lived hundreds of years earlier. At last we arrived at the castle, now ruined.
I looked around and saw Mr. Holmes kiss Miss Leary, Mr. Holmes noticed my gaze and I hastened to turn it off. When my escort reappeared, he took me to the surgery.
From where we were in the distance we could see the lights of Inverness. I suddenly noticed that women dressed in white with torches in their hands appeared around the stone circle. Frank and I hid behind the bushes in order to observe the rite from afar. When the women began to dance all around the stones, I felt a thrill along the back like, if it were an inner call. I wouldn't know how to explain it, but it was like the stones were almost calling me.
Sherlock appeared in front of me with his usual arrogant tone. I did not open my eyes, I hoped he would understand my bad mood.
"Dougal's orders are to stay with you, so ... could you stay here? Until I find a girlfriend for the evening? "
"It's what I just said it seems to me. We will solve it as a man, if you can fight me in a duel, you can easily leave. But if you cannot and I win then you'll do the good and you'll do as I tell you "while declaring the terms, had fixed his annoying smile, impertinent cheeky.
In the afternoon I went back to the castle, when I reached the kitchens my escort told me to wait a few minutes because she had to talk to a man.
I thought the intrusion of Mrs. Hudson would have ruined my plans, but then I realized that with her by my side as an escort, my shadows would have been less attentive to my movements in the castle. I had to let them relax and enjoy their festivities, since I would have to distract them later. We took a seat on the balcony on the first floor overlooking the hall, when they began to play the bagpipes at Colum's appearance at the main door.
Hello everyone. I wanted to thank all those who have and are reading this story. But I'd like to know what you think about it for now. Let me know and see the next chapter.
I had in mind the map of the castle, in order to escape without giving in the eye. Only when I got very close to the outside staircase to the north, I found myself some ugly mugs completely under the influence of the fumes of alcohol.
"Well," so saying threw him the rest of his clothes. As I felt the look of the young man scrutin me intrigued, I strained not to meet his gaze. I was afraid he might notice my profound distress.
"It is said that Satan is clever, he would not attach many naive souls if he would tend his traps in swamps and caves."
"Keep boy, rinse your mouth with this! It will clean the cuts and cure the pain. Thank you boy for what you did, "the lady looked at me adding "Larye is my niece you know ?!"after saying this turned around, she left the room.
" Remember to be an Englishman, in a place that is not a good thing. Someone will soon want to talk to you. Be careful, "he picked up his things and left the room leaving me alone with my thoughts.
I stood alone for a few minutes, the discomfort took over and began to cry silently, inside those walls that seemed to me more and more like an impenetrable tower from which I would never have escaped. It would have been too good if Frank had arrived in his car and had taken me to safety, far away.
"If Mrs. Hadson makes you feel better now when she talks about you, now she calls" the one who does miracles ".
I was exhausted and hungry but if I had to fight, I would have done it even at the cost of my life. At that moment I did not think about Frank at all, but about these poor people.
"Is it possible that it was high in the hierarchy of the time to exert such influence as the Duke of Sandringham?"
"Why did you do it?" I asked angrily, the more I knew about this man the less I could understand him.
We waited a few moments, hoping the antidote would take effect. And then the boy slowly opened his eyes.
"Yes, I believe you are right, and the Duke died shortly after the Battle of" the Reverend did not have time to finish the sentence that some tea cups fell to the ground, and the old Lady threw herself to remedy the damage. While I was still shocked by the reading of the hand.
I did not even notice that I had put my arms on my chest, as if to cover me. Even though it was a useless gesture.
I had carefully designed all the way forward. At night the two windows would have been lit by torches, a useful diversion to escape the sentries, but I had to find a diversion to my omnipresent shadows.
"No instead!" I turned a worried look at Mrs. Hudson. "They shot him! I wrapped the wound but I could not clean it properly, I have to treat it before it gets infected ", the lady looked at me puzzled, to which I hastened to correct myself.
"Well ... I followed my instincts" approached, bending down a few inches from my face, "I decided to trust you," he looked me straight in the eye.
"It already hurts to sit" a deep voice echoed in the hut, I felt a dip in the stomach to the sound of that voice, while it continued ", ... I can not keep in the saddle."
"Hold this on her door, get out the door and knock the heels three times, saying aloud - there's no place like love-"
"Yes, during the war it was difficult to find any good, with the leaves of Earl Gray you can not understand anything when you try to read," I lifted the Sgurado on the lady.
"Are you ready? There's a person who wants to meet you, "I followed her down the corridors of the castle, when we reached a studio, where I waited a few minutes before the person with whom I had to talk would show up.
"Sherlock did you hear what he said?! You need treatment. " So saying, she dragged me by the arm towards the castle. Mrs. Hudson helped me to boil some herbs to be able to heal Sherlock's wound, and after thanking her, we stayed alone in the rooms.
"Of the iodine tincture?" Silence no one answered, "Mertiolate?", even worse, "alcohol?". It was then that they handed me a flask, which I poured lightly upon the wound, and the man regained consciousness.
"Put some of this mixture on the nipple and bring the child's face close, you'll see that it will attack."
"We will travel to the MacKenzie lands to collect the taxes, so Colum does not like it, to visit thick donkeys and tributaries is up to me and I have to deal with small businesses around."
After an hour we were still listening to music and dancing, when I realized I was drinking the fourth or fifth cup, I was definitely drunk, but I could not give it to see.
"I think you have secrets Mr. Watson. Until I know more, you will stay here. As my guest", he turned back to the exit.
"Keep boy drinking" one of the men handed him a bottle of what seemed like whiskey slowly approached the seated figure to keep it. And something told me to intervene.
That conversation disturbed me deeply, I felt that the boy certainly was not possessed but ill. He had somehow contracted the disease in the ruins of the Black Church. I had to find a way to be escorted there, to be able to better understand what could have caused this damage.
"These were supposed to be the kitchens and here, probably on that side was the chimney," I watched intrigued his desire to know and explore.
"I must admit that I am also surprised by your form. Given those old war wounds. "I was petrified by his words, my blood froze. Sherlock used this moment to attack me, in time to parry the blow and return the gesture by attacking him.
At those points Dougal had obviously misunderstood. It did not take long before I felt a punch in the face, then the kicks also came. Even if bent over myself I managed to grab his leg and tug it, until he fell back on the ground. I also began to fill it with punches, but without realizing behind me someone hit me violently at the head making me fall to the floor unconscious.
"... every night I imagined you next to me hoping one day to be able to see you again", his lips were now on my neck and then on the right shoulder.
I leaned over him, disengaging the belt he had around his shoulder and kicking his shirt I saw a gunshot wound.
"Or are you planning a love escape with someone? Is that why you want so much to go to France? Why do you have a secret lover waiting for you? "
"My name is Colum MacKenzie, I'm the owner of the castle", he beckoned me to sit down, while he too sat at the desk.
Bored, I walked away to get a better look at the village, and a harrowing sound from a tearful baby caught my attention.
Without asking any questions, I put the fingertip of my little finger inside the mixture. I went to the baby lying in his basket and put his finger to his lips and spread the substance on the gums. The little creature started sucking my finger vigorously.
"OhI I see! Well! So, I think this is a goodbye?! "I realized only in that moment, that I would not see him again and this was a blow too strong, when I spoke, I gave an almost choked sound.
"Relax Johnny..." and put his toe close to my entrance and began to push, calmly drew his finger and repositioned it, so on until there were three in me.
"Do you know her?" Then it occurred to me that maybe she could be his girlfriend, it was not to be excluded as he was a man of a certain charm.
I knew he was not wrong, but since I had embarked on this journey, I had lost appetite and every time I tried to eat a sense of nausea gripped me.
At last I mentioned my head as a sign of affirmation. I noticed that  I began to tremble all the time. Frank started off his jacket and melted the knot in the tie; Then calmly unbuttoned my waistcoat, coming so to the shirt. When I slipped off my shoulders, I realized I was holding my breath. Frank watched my body carefully, patting and kissing every sign, every scar on my skin. With one hand grabbed both my wrists holding them on the pillow, while with the other hand had started to unfasten my trousers, from my lips escaped a groan, feeling that his lips now were at the height of the navel. When I slipped my trousers together with the linen, I found myself completely naked at his complete disposition. I wanted it to take me, I felt the need to have it in me again, it would help me.
"Of course. I do not care, I want to get out of here and I will. Now if you will excuse me, I return to my escape, "so saying I went back to one of the horses.
"I do not doubt it, men believe in what makes sense of their life and if it shows that it's fake, what's left? Is it very different from your parts? "Holmes was strutting one of the horses.
I could not eat, the meeting with Sherlock, had given me to think. I felt something growing in me against that bizarre boy, who so easily managed to figure out where my famous wound almost killed me. Sometimes I felt the need to watch him, look at his features, admire his face, but at the same time Frank's face appeared in my mind. I had to be able to come back before it was too late.
"He's absolutely right, in fact now I was going back to where I came from," I started to walk away, but I was pulled back to the wall.
I took courage and knocked on the door. The woman opened up, on her face the tiredness and the accumulated stress was clear, given by the pallor and the eyes very evident.
"Mr. Watson, I was just about to talk about his unusual childhood. We drink a glass of port and listen to it ", while Victor filled another glass. I turned a pleading look to Mr. Holmes. I wanted to leave with him, for fear of having to tell some absurd lie too much.
"I will get out of this barn, without your pesky suppositions, thank you very much", I threatened him with annoyed tone.
I had started playing in the woods with the children, to study carefully my possible ways out, towards freedom. I had found two, which I had marked with pieces of white cloth attached to the branches of the trees.
"Well ... because there was a cut on me, which amounted to about ten guineas. The equivalent of a year's work for a farmer ".
When I finished dinner, I left the castle, I found myself crying. I was not jealous of Leary, but I was terribly frightened of their intimacy by Frank.
"Yeah!" I began to laugh under the mustache, because it was obvious that it was already taking effect.
"Well then John Watson Moriarty, see you come back to me or I will be forced to join you and drag you with my hands home. Did you understand me?! "With these words he grabbed me firmly and kissed me with ardor, so as to fulfill the promise. When we parted and got on the train, looking out the window, I said:
"I think we could do something about it, I would like to know how it was possible that a gentleman like you, has found himself wandering in the woods, with clothes as bizarre as yours?!".
As soon as I had finished preparing, Mrs. Hudson took me to the main room where Colum's guests would take their oaths.
I abruptly deflected the subject and glanced at the group of men around the fire not far away, who clearly continued to despise me.
More members of the clan would have lost their senses the better it would have been. As soon as my shadow returned to the festivities, I slipped out of the clinic. When I had grabbed the bag with provisions and coat, I returned to the main corridor where Leary was.
"Here I know that Leazy and Tamas are not the first ones to fall ill or die after being here. To tell the truth if you visit the Black Church and survive to tell it, then you are a real man. I did it as a boy and nothing happened to me, but my cousin was possessed and fell ill for a week. "
"I am captain Jim Moriarty commander of His Majesty's Dragoons Battalion, at your service!" in front of me was Frank's ancestor and this was literally impossible. The panic made me start running again and the soldier was right behind me. He grabbed my arm and threw me on a rock pointing my sword to my throat.
"Behold, seeing that man in the manner in which he peered out of the window, I thought he might be a man met during the war. There would be nothing wrong if you had sought comfort from someone else, "Frank's words hurt me more than I thought.
"I will never go away from here", I felt almost resigned to the idea of having to be imprisoned in this age and in this damn castle for the rest of my life.
Here I am with a new chapter. I apologize for the colossal delay, I will try to be more diligent next time. But this chapter was particularly difficult. I hope you like it, Thanks to everyone who reads my story. Comments are always welcome. Thank you!!
In the midst of those great stones, I felt the wind change, almost seemed to me that he was calling me, I approached almost attracted by the central stone and when I touched it, it seemed to me to fly in a deep oblivion. When I opened my eyes I was on the ground, disoriented. When I got up I headed straight to Frank's car, but to my amazement I noticed that there was not, as well as the road that I had travelled to get there. There were only trees around me and I felt I was lost in some way. I then started walking in the woods to find maybe a side road.
"Dougal and the others await us near the brook we must go" he announced with a threatening glance, as I tried to get away from him as much as possible.
"No really, I would not say. I told you what happened to me in Fort William. Well you have to know that I could not stand up from the pain and I had a fever for the wounds. So, some friends have found a way to get me out, since I had not done anything. Going away there was a bit of confusion, and a red jacket died. "
Better. Thank you. " He turned to me with half a smile. I had to admit he was a handsome man, but he looked crude like everyone else.
"No, it's ... I had an unusual childhood. That's all, I've grown up in many places, "I said vaguely.
"Could I give you a hand?" He grabbed the boy by the hair, and I pretended to faint, turning away the prying eyes of the spectators on me. While Holmes detached the nail from the ear of the young man, who soon escaped away to game levate.
At first the woman seemed hesitant, almost suspicious, but then, with resignation, gave a sign of consent and let me in.
"Yes, a little," I admitted. "It's all very fascinating, thank you for showing me. But if you want to excuse me now, I have a chariot that I have to take, "I said with annoyed tone.
In the afternoon Frank heard from the reverend that he had discovered more information about his ancestor and so I stayed alone at the tavern. Suddenly, however, I wanted to go back to the stone circle, so I took Frank's car straight to the hill.
"All night and I imagine even that after," he answered by grasping the reins of the horse and starting to ride.
"All right if I have to, I might as well have fun" taken from the pocket that I had at the belt the Port of Victor in which I had put the valerian and took a sip and offered it to him.
"According to the Celtic tradition, these stones were brought here from Africa by a group of Celtic giants," Frank told us as we approached the stones more and more.
So saying Lord --- he smiled at Sherlock and handed him the cup of the alliance, and after drinking, the whole room began to applaud and shout of joy.
"I can beat an English jacket only with one hand, and then I would have you put it back to me," she whispered to my ear with that deep voice of hers, which startled me.
John frowned and headed back in the direction of the house - he must ask Victor about this. He was too badly shaken for any more garden walking, and besides, the sunlight was fading. As he walked back up the drive, the whisper of the sea in his ears, he couldn’t help wondering whether coming here had been a good idea after all.
That was a stupid question. John didn’t even know what he was thinking; perhaps the drink had already taken its toll. Perhaps he was finally going mad, and he was going to languish in Mary’s attic for the rest of his days, then he would set fire to it, or something of the sort.
To John’s surprise, his pirate didn’t interact much with his crew. He was, in fact, a solitary captain, only speaking to others when was absolutely necessary. The most John had heard him say was to one crew member: “Is that a great horned owl?”
John was greeted by a servant boy of around eighteen years of age and a pale, withered complexion. He opened the front door for him upon arriving, and quietly offered to take his trunk upstairs.
The dog seemed to think that it was being offered a chew toy. In no time, John’s hands were free and he immediately took the sack off his head to be greeted by his saviour.
“Well, I was minding my own business,” began John, “and the notion struck me: wouldn’t it be jolly to be kidnapped by a crazy pirate? What a
“It can’t be…” But it was. The same red setter that John had seen in his garden only days before stared up at him, a tangle of ropes in its mouth.
It had been a week spent in relative peace at Navron, and John still hadn’t found the answers to his questions. The dog, Victor claimed, was a stray, and wandered the garden from time to time. The violin bow in the bedroom, Victor
“Here,” said the pirate tersely, tossing John a slate with some mangled fish upon it. For all its unappetising looks, it tasted heavenly. The last thing that John had eaten had been a rushed breakfast at Navron, before the sun had even risen. He wondered what Victor was doing now; perhaps he was going about his usual duties, oblivious to his master’s absence. Or perhaps he was out searching.
different: that was it. John shrugged, picked up his trunk, and began his trudge up the drive. He was sure he’d get used to it once he settled in. After all, he hadn’t been here for years. So wasn’t it
The man turned to John. The look of surprise vanished from his face as quickly as it had come. “How did you escape?” He said, a line of confusion appearing between his eyebrows. “You’re not a very good hostage. Of all the hostages I’ve had, actually, you’re the worst.”
He began what he liked to call his Cornish Tour by taking the road away from the town. After all, he didn’t fancy meeting anyone on his walk, as he had grown accustomed to solitariness. Part of him had blissfully forgotten how to make proper conversation.
The creek was beautiful, in its wild, dark way. John’s gaze swept over it as they talked, taking it in. He realised that he quite liked it here.
“I take what I please,” was the voice’s petulant answer. But John had won: his attacker sounded like a child after a good telling-off.
“The high society sorts.” He wrinkled his nose at the very thought. “The rich men who sit in their houses and take the land for themselves. If I’d let you go, you would have gone running to your policemen, and where would we be?” He gestured to the ship behind them, and the crew going about their daily chores. Then he turned his calculating gaze back on John. “But, since you’ve been in my company, it’s clear that you aren’t one of them."
And thus followed a perfectly mundane conversation about a handful of John’s most recent patients. But John couldn’t forget what Moriarty had said about Mary - he didn’t think he’d ever forget it - and the taste of bile lingered in his throat.
John couldn’t scream for help if he’d tried; and this spot was so remote that help wouldn’t have come. His face was smothered by a cloth, and every breath brought dust and dirt into his lungs.
On the topic of painted faces, Mary was looking particularly vivid tonight. It was at times like these, when she donned her ruby red evening gown, that John was reminded of why he’d fallen in love with her in the first place. The contrast of the dark lace against her white arms, a detail that John had always admired, stood out to him tonight in particular.
The best part of John’s walk through this delightful jungle was as peaceful as he’d imagined it to be. For a fleeting second, he truly believed that this trip would restore his spirits like he hoped it would.
The road was flanked on either side by beech trees, their branches arching overhead in what looked like a natural cathedral. As the sun wasn’t fully up yet, the effect of that was a gloomy, green darkness, making John feel as though he really were in the wild, like some kind of adventurer.
He was almost resigned to giving up, when he felt something warm on his hands. Then he heard the contented panting of a dog.
It was a red setter, and it looked excited to see him more than anything. It stepped back and began to trot circles around him, its tongue lolling out of its mouth contentedly.
In reality, John hadn’t visited Navron since he was in his late teens and had left for medical school in London. But in his mind, his flitted in and out of its doors like a dreamer; he possessed the place like a ghost, roaming the corridors and gardens of his memory. He always imagined it the same: neat, trimmed hedges, and a tidy, imposing facade looking out onto the sea.
Secretly, John much preferred it that way. The wildness of the place thrilled him, perhaps because it was so different to the structured, regimented life of London. These wildflowers had no agenda, nor the sea beyond any ulterior motive. The trees wouldn’t ask him vulgar questions, nor answer back in cryptic tones.
John asked himself often why the pirate went to such pains to keep him hostage. For all the airs he put on, he didn’t threaten John at all. Instead, he and his crew went about their own business, while John remained in the background as another mouth to feed, another bed to fill.
“Of course,” said Victor. John listened to the sound of his retreating steps down the stairs before he put his trunk down and began a closer inspection of the room.
John glibly accepted his wine, lifting it to his lips and inhaling the sickly sweetness of it. This whole party was sickly: overblown, past its prime. But John had known that, of course, before it had even started. It had always been like this.
The garden was certainly in good shape, John mused as he made his way down the driveway. Someone must have been keeping it while he’d been away; there was no other explanation for the neatness of the hedges and the trim of the grass.
“I hear that you’ve been well,” he said, laying a clammy hand on John’s shoulder. His speech was already beginning to slur, the words running into each other.
Stealing from the rich, and giving to the poor. That wasn’t the piracy of John’s storybook adventures. “I see.”
John walked across the room to where it lay and picked it up, turning it this way and that in his hand. With each turn, his uneasy feeling grew.
He looked up. His surroundings were just as inscrutable as they had been before: a mess of trees, the sunlight hampered by the canopy above. And the dog was walking away, further into the undergrowth.
John had always loved adventure stories. The feeling of being so far away from reality never ceased to thrill him, and when he opened his well-thumbed copies of
But sometimes love wasn’t enough. Mary herself, despite her shallow ways, wasn’t the problem. Though her partying habits were unsavoury, as was her gossiping nature, Mary genuinely cared for him. It would take a fool not to see that. Where the real problem lay - the reason John had to escape into his pirate fantasy at all - was with everything. With this. Every evening the same: superficial laughter, out-of-tune pianoforte music, people, wine, the inevitable descent into drunken stupor.
He lashed out with his legs, hoping to sweep his invisible attacker to the ground. But he missed - instead, he was taken roughly by the elbows and dragged to who-knew-where.
It was in this room that John felt that strange feeling again; the feeling that something fundamental but impalpable had changed. A shift in the air. An invisible stirring.
John crouched down to give the dog a grateful pat. “Good boy,” he said, not caring who heard him. He was past caring about anything other than getting away from here.
John clawed at the ropes binding his hands, but they proved impressively strong. When he’d exhausted himself with the ropes, he attempted to stand up, losing his balance every time he thought he’d made progress.
The conversation was like a rally: back and forth, with no winner. “What do you do, then? Other than kidnap people?”
But John’s view of the ship was obscured by a tall, regal-looking man who was striding away from it and towards the dog. “Redbeard!” He said, stroking the dog’s ears affectionately.
After half an hour of wandering, the road gave way to woods. The unruly nature of the undergrowth, and the greens and golds of the rising sun, made John feel as if he truly were the first one to discover all this. He’d never been happier to wander aimlessly.
"People believe that the boy is owned John. Challenge yourself at your own risk. I will not approach him and you should not do it either. "
"You're too charming John Watson. If you do not stop, I risk losing myself in your deep blue eyes. "
We sat down on the hay, when I had finished with the dressing, Sherlock started to eat some bread and cheese that Mrs. Hudson had given me for him.
When I approached the man, I caught sight of the face. He was a man with a penetrating gaze, very clear eyes, with black curls. I grabbed his arm but before I started the operation I looked up at the men.
"You know you do not have to feel threatened, right? Nobody will hurt you here, as long as you stay next to me "he tried to reassure me, and strangely I felt better.
"Moriarty" began to speak the wounded young man, "the officer you met in the woods, will not stop easily. He's in charge of the local redcoats. He will have sent patrols in every direction, I cannot stay here, "he said in fine.
"Come back when you want, we should just do it again," Victor said finally. So we took our leave quickly. My gaze fell on the boy again.
"The Beaton clans are famous throughout Scotland for being excellent healers. We had one some time ago. Until a bad fever has taken him away. David Beaton was his name and this was his surgery, as he called him".
Jim’s eyes gleam as he explains how the car was started by pulling out the wires and then trying to make the hit and run look like the car just smashed into a wall.
Sherlock is walking on pins and needles the whole time, sitting in the kitchen with Irene Adler’s photos covering the table and he curses the fact that John’s chair is not the one facing the kitchen. If he tried to move it, John would probably just turn it round again and keep on ignoring him.
John, dressed in green shorts today, is on his knees in front of the oak, clearly determined to catch something crawling on the roots pushing up from the ground. Sherlock tries not to care about the intrusion, sits down and opens his book. He barely has time to get through three paragraphs when he feels John sit down, offering his closed fist to him, which is clean and dry this time. Sherlock looks up. Even the dummy is gone. John is as solemn as the day before, pushing his fist towards him, clearly asking him to take whatever is in it. Defeated, Sherlock gives him his hand and something black and blue and incredibly small falls on his palm.
Sherlock ceases to talk and move altogether and gets better in record time. He is rewarded with kisses and a case, which he attends with a slightly under-the-weather John. It is flu season after all, and half of the Metropolitan police force (the better half this time) has taken ill and even Sally Donovan is happy to see Sherlock and John on the crime scene which proves out to be a very tricky one with such a few officers. She also sees the telltale signs of John’s cold approaching from the way the man nurses his throat by pulling his shoulders up and sniffs every once in a while.
“So that’s him? John, whatever they're having you do, I think it’s best you know something about him. You are not one for rumours, but the stuff I heard about him was pretty drastic. Drugs, for one. That one was pretty obvious. He didn’t even try and hide it in the end. But the other stuff I heard…”
John kept his eyes on him, even though from the corner of his eye he could see that Sherlock Holmes whipped his head around to see what his next action would be. To his surprise, John did not hate him. He was annoying for sure, but he could live with that. He had lived through a war with several of the worst people he had ever met among the soldiers in his troop. He could survive just one, even if he would turn out to be worse than all of them put together.
The landscape is magnificent in its autumn bloom. The river glimmers in the distance like a thousand mirrors, reflecting the clear blue sky and the blazing sun that still feels warm in the middle of October. The trees have lost only a part of their summer green and the grass is still as alive as it was in June, but one look at the surroundings and Sherlock knows it’s autumn.
John returns to the poor patient slowly nearing his death on the bed. He brushes away the sweaty hair from the sweaty forehead and rests his hand on the sweaty neck. Sherlock lifts one sweaty hand to press a very sweaty handprint on John's jeans.
He has made his way quietly to the desk and is now peering over Sherlock’s shoulder at the vials and notes scattered across the desk.
Outside the café, they start down the path towards the quadrangles, taking a detour over the grass. They walk slowly, not in a hurry anywhere, and Sherlock feels completely at ease inside the stone walls for the first time in a while.
It’s a pity that Sherlock doesn’t hear what John has to say about his suddenly healed leg after Angelo has made his entrance and returned his cane. When Mrs Hudson hurries in the hall, almost in tears, they both forget about the miracle and run upstairs, Sherlock hoping that John notices even fleetingly how wonderful it is to
Mycroft always sends the best to pick John up and this woman looks like she is trained to look beautiful for someone to watch, not to fight.
“And you like policemen?” John asks casually, like they are talking about the weather instead of sexual fantasies.
He wonders if this is something Sherlock used to do with his previous lovers, shared their air, swallowed it in huge gulps, attached himself onto every piece of their lungs. He wonders if Sherlock has had lovers before him. For the first time he is thinking about the people before him, the ghosts in Sherlock’s past who have on their part been responsible in shaping him into what he is now. He wonders if he has been in situations like this before, situations that need him to drink from the other person’s lungs, come back for air and dive back in again.
He must be faking it extremely well, for John does not say a word, does not even look at him weirdly but lives on like he hasn’t killed a man for Sherlock, flirts with cashiers at Tesco’s and with dog walkers in Regent’s Park.
Mrs Hudson’s mostly chamomile works and Sherlock only shuffles downstairs after several hours, during which John has had time to shower, shave and give the yarders a piece of his mind by writing the case down on his blog and reminding the idiots that Sherlock has once again solved a case for them and only gotten a pharyngitis for his pains. He is lying on the sofa watching telly when Sherlock trots through the door, trips on the loose belt of his dressing gown and lands on John. He has just enough energy to beep into John’s neck before he starts snoring again.
“Because your mother and father love each other very much and 40 years ago they decided that your intolerable big brother needed an intolerable baby brother or sister to torment and so along came you.”
Sherlock tries to struggle free from the restraints. Something moving next to Doctor Mortimer makes him freeze.
“I mean,” Sherlock continues hurriedly, “I’m more reliable now than a few years back. Hell, I’m more reliable now than I’ve been in my entire life! He has a steady income and he can help me with the cases. We get along well. Is there any reason for us not to do it?”
“We have to get you away,” Sherlock hisses, dumps the small bag into the suitcase and begins to collect the trousers and shirts lying on the floor.
“She’s doing good,” he says, sipping his tea. “Just started her thesis, which is awful, of course, but it keeps her busy and out of trouble.”
Sherlock had gnawed his own nails down to the flesh. He had even torn his cuticles to shreds so that his fingers felt like they were on fire, the epidermis angry and red.
He wants it to feel good but John’s touch makes his skin prickle and unable to control his disgust, he pushes the hand away and rolls to lie on his side, facing away from him.
, the despicable word that it is, should not be associated with him, should not be in the same sentence with his name. But there it is. Verbatim to what he himself said to John at the graveyard.
John’s hand appears in his field of vision, a familiar box of matches balanced on his palm. For some reason, he is smiling.
The blind trust John places in him is almost as difficult to believe as his own trust towards John. People don’t usually trust him. Lestrade finds him useful and believes in him, but Sherlock doesn’t think he trusts him. Mrs Hudson would probably trust him with her life but not with the life of her pet canary.
John felt he had got a good kick in there somewhere, most likely on Sherlock’s arse. It gave him immense satisfaction, but not enough to reduce the pain of hitting his head on the floor and now lying on the cold tiles instead of on the cot.
He clutches at the doorknob, knowing that the stupidest thing to do now is to barge back into the house. They can easily follow him there and corner him.
It’s like they are children again. Mycroft using the exact same phrasing as he did when Sherlock was 13 and came home with a detention slip saying he had glued several of his classmates into their chairs.
“Of course you do!” she exclaims. “But I would very much like to have a little talk with you. If you’d come with us? John is very worried about you.”
The seagull holding the treasure swept gracefully past its attacker, dodging every swipe with a slow beat of its wings, like the whole thing was a game to it, something to pass the time. The other kept flapping behind it, desperate to keep up with the pace, finally giving up and sweeping down to rest on a desolate rock peeking from the waves.
He turns around to look at Sherlock who has sat up and is inspecting the wound. It’s superficial, just a graze, but will need stitches and will probably scar.
John Watson is standing outside his door, the landlady Mrs Hudson hovering behind him, looking slightly timid.
He ran outside, forgetting his shoes next to his mattress and stumbled over John’s that were placed right outside the door. The cold morning air felt icy on his flushed skin, and he shivered in his pyjama trousers. The wind from the sea rustled his curls, attempting to sweep away the images of sculpted muscles and skin clear and smooth, puckered and red.
“He created something he thought he could never have. A woman he could desire, and a man to be his friend. They only became violent when he found the real thing.”
Sherlock splashes for his life and manages to stay on the surface. John lowers him gently deeper into the water and loosens his hold around Sherlock’s back to grasp his hands instead. Sherlock treads for a few seconds, splashing the water around, almost drowning the other swimmers in the pool before he grows tired, begins to sink down again and scrambles to take a hold of John’s head.
It’s in the click of her shoes, the tap of her foot, the sway of her hips, the wave of her hand as she beckons Sherlock closer.
He puts them in line in front of himself, humming something, starts with the more formal pair Sherlock has named his Groovy Shoes (because they are fancier and always shine more than the others). Then there’s the Everyday Shoes or Criminal Chasing Shoes and finally the Date Shoes.
“There is this thing I promised Lestrade I would go to. An auction. Big thing, apparently. Chief Superintendent and some other idiots will be there as well, and Lestrade insists I show my face. Threatened to cut me off the cases for a month if I didn’t. Formal affair. Requires a tux and a bowtie. Tedious. I have to be
He watches his guest’s gaze sweep from wall to wall. Suddenly he is scared to death that his brother has lapsed again, has the route to the nearest A&E mapped out ready in his head in case he goes to an anaphylactic shock, when Sherlock opens his mouth,
Now Sherlock and Victor did the same, careful to say goodbye before any of the servants had a chance to come knocking in the morning.
John catches the clippers before Sherlock plucks out an eye and stands still, waiting for more instructions. He stares at Sherlock’s hands, grasping at the sides of the sink with his knuckles white, the rest of him swaying from side to side again.
“Not quite yet,” Mycroft replied, going back to his stack of folders and fishing out a very thick one with its contents ranging from very old and torn to relatively new, some of them poking out over the sides of the folder. Mycroft smoothed down the front with his fingers and covered it with his palms. He took a moment to think on what he was going to say, then looked up at Sherlock who had been trying to get a peek at the name on the front of the folder.
“Sherlock, I haven’t slept in 36 hours. Despite the cat naps here and there, I’ve basically been awake for a week now and I can’t go on any longer. Now, please, go to sleep yourself or go downstairs to stare at the wall, I don’t care. I only want to sleep and if you don’t bloody well try and do the same, I don’t want you here with me.”
John waited until he had pulled on his jacket, his hands on his hips, one finger securely over the Enfield. He turned and opened the door, taking a careful look around before stepping out, his left hand now hovering rigidly over the holster.
Sherlock looks back at the handkerchief, sees he is clutching it so hard his knuckles have gone white and releases his grip.
who shortens her name because she hates the feminine sound of her given name) and that he (she) had a long-term relationship, got at least a phone out of it but gave it to John because after leaving his (her) wife seeing the gadget became unbearable.
“’Didn’t mean it’,” Sherlock muttered, his eyes following each flip of Mr Trevor’s wrist. “The bastards hate me more than anyone. Only Agatha tolerates me.”
So Sherlock nestles into the sofa, almost hiding himself in the dusty space between the back rest and the cushions. John looms over him, trying to decide whether he should sneak to see Mrs Hudson and ask her for more of the mostly-chamomile tea and risk Sherlock getting suspicious of why John would not make tea from their own supplies which he knows to be plenty.
“Sherlock, I will murder you with this sheet if you bring in grammar to this already annoying fancy of yours of folding the sheets wrong. It’s whip, whip, fold. Whip, whip, fold. Pull, fold.”
Sherlock wanted to talk, but John had shushed him so violently he was afraid to breathe properly, afraid that more German soldiers would come bursting through the forest. Instead he tried to think of other things, pleasant things while John fixed his nose and cleaned his face. Twice he almost fell asleep with his head falling against John’s chest.
John returns nine days later, happy and tired after a week in the forests with his parents, and the moment he comes through the door, Sherlock breaks. He doesn’t cry, he can’t, but he attaches himself on John, kisses every inch of him and drags him to the bedroom without answering any questions.
Sherlock inspects him from his spot at the kitchen table. John is sitting with his back to him so he can’t see Sherlock’s stare.
John scoffs and shakes his head, Lestrade just looks stunned as to why anyone would do something like that.
It's been so long since I've read anything or written anything and I feel my English has jumped out of the window. I hated writing this chapter because I was so sure I would miss a date or misunderstand a detail and dishonour the whole horrible history that is Holocaust and WWII and what they did to so many innocent people.
He walks to the window, only to see John’s receding form in the dark, clearly determined to go and seek lodgings somewhere else for the night.
Though clearly surprised by his attitude, Mr Holmes had seen his intentions the moment he had lifted his eyes from his papers. Having assured John his position was in no danger, they had had a discussion which had made John decide the best course of action was not to return to the front door where the officer was waiting for him by the car, but to slip out through the window of the men’s room. Walking briskly along the narrow alley behind the club, looking over his shoulder at every step, he had turned to the right and begun to walk towards East London.
He will do anything to keep John safe. If that is what is at the end of the road, then it is definitely worth fighting for, no matter how.
is shoved in his face, followed by Sherlock's bony bum that falls painfully on his lap and cold hands that slither under his shirt.
The door still open to the warm night air, only a small lamp casting its light over the room, John pored over every inch of Sherlock’s body, cleaning the wounds, applying ointments and bandages, keeping up a constant silent murmur of encouraging words, all the while straining his ears for any unusual sounds from outside.
Eyeing the papers, Mycroft Holmes tapped his foot on the floor three times, smacked his lips and began to speak.
“Collecting,” Sherlock sniffs deep over John’s shoulder and rubs his fingers over the skin of his back.
John’s fingers were grasping his face, his nails digging to his cheeks like he wanted to attach himself to Sherlock from them. Sherlock stared down at him for a moment, looking at the tears that were gathering in his eyes, at the open desperation there, before bending down and kissing him furiously, all teeth and quick presses of lips.
Sherlock moves in front of him and kneels down. John’s expression grows worried and his hands go to hover over Sherlock’s knees.
Then there is shouting, fully on John’s part, and lying on Sherlock’s, a door banging closed on John’s heels. A silence for a microsecond. Funny how short amount of time it takes to have your heart broken.
He stands in the doorway, looks at the tiny man sleeping the sleep of the undisturbed, a wolf trapped in barely a 170 centimetres of bullterrier, ready to bite your head off when threatened.
When the man pulls out two bottles with the pills in them, Sherlock’s mind sways between the possibility of what is likely to come and what John is doing at that moment. He has contemplated on death a fair deal in his life, always thinking he would die alone. And it seems that he will.
Sherlock is red and looks like he is about to choke on his tongue. His hands are hanging loose by his sides but his toes keep squirming.
Sherlock is still stuttering broken sounds when John places his lips on his, a little more than a peck, mouth closed. But it lasts long, though Sherlock has forgotten how to calculate seconds and minutes. Could be a whole week he has been kissing John when they finally pull apart.
Sherlock follows Anderson’s brisk trot towards the men’s, hoping again to see Jim emerge. But no one exists when Anderson bangs the door against the wall.
“Sherlock, why the hell do you need a million jars of pickled eggs! No one is weird enough to like them so much.”
La Traviata blaring from the stereos, Sherlock assumes his thinking pose. Hands under his chin, tips of his fingers just touching his jawbone, he is already at the gates of his mind palace, when the door bursts open.
interview several men ‘still on the army payroll’, but when they heard who they would have to work with, they all… scattered to the winds, so to say. It was like being hung up on several times, without any telephones included.”
That stops him. Ice and heat flush through him at the same time, he has turned to stone, he is a marble statue. And now John’s hand is in his hair.
So when John walks in to the Queen’s fancy sitting room, all gold and expensive furniture, he first sees Sherlock sitting on the sofa facing the window, still in the sheet, tapping the floor with his toes in annoyance. John only shrugs at him, a silent question of ‘Why are we here?’ and when Sherlock does not have the answer, he sits down quietly on the edge of the sofa.
The gun goes off and John jumps slightly, hands still holding Sherlock’s shivering one over his heart. The bullet goes clean through the glass of the kitchen door and embeds itself into the fridge on the opposite side of the room.
Sherlock snarls, sticks his head under the blankets and pokes his cold nose somewhere where it has no business being. John howls.
“Bad day, was it?” with a laugh. She is nervous about something uninteresting, he isn’t really paying attention.
“They all blamed me. The teacher, the staff. I didn’t dare tell them about the other boys and they thought right away that I had climbed there myself. It was the first time my mother came to pick me up from anything. Slapped me right there by the gates in front of my whole class.”
He had stood outside last night on his way to the privy. The wind rustling through the leaves, making the trees creak and moan had felt eerie and foreign to him. He wondered how Watson saw them, whether they were a comfort or an annoyance to him.
John burrows deeper into Sherlock’s scarf, trying to look as sick and hurt as possible so Sherlock will kiss him again.
“They will be missed, surely. Of course, Mycroft will not mention the incident directly, but he will send out a coded message – which will be easy enough for the Germans to intercept and decode – that they were killed by something far more regular than two intelligence agents living in the forest like hermits.”
He leaves a comment on the blog criticising John’s inability to come up with better adjectives. He hears John’s phone bling in the kitchen, a ruffle of fabric and John’s amused huff as he reads Sherlock’s comment.
Natalie Georges had married a Hungarian photographer she had met when she had been only eighteen and travelling through Europe documenting the effects of the war. In Budapest, the place she herself referred to as The City of Love – Paris having never been too kind to her – she had been introduced to György Kovács by a mutual friend who had been her pen pal for years and his best friend since birth. Together they had planned to continue to travel through Europe, combine their talents of writing and photography and perhaps one day publish their journeys. He had followed her first to Zagreb and from there to Ljubljana, Graz and finally to Vienna where they had been abruptly stopped by news of his mother’s sudden passing. He had returned home to Szolnok which he had fled under the occupation, leaving behind his elderly mother who had hoped that in the capital he would have a greater chance for happiness.
Sherlock’s phone vibrated in his coat pocket, followed by a shorter rattle that told him he had got yet another text message. Though eager to fish out the phone if only to tell everyone to go to hell, he did not dare to let go of John’s hand.
He lunges to the fireplace but there is nothing, not even crumbs in his Persian slipper. He throws the shoe over his shoulder towards the door and almost hits Mrs Hudson with it.
He’d known how to swim, barely, and known that if worse came to worst, he wouldn’t be much use with mouth full of water, trying to swim in the deep end of a pool probably filled with rubble and pieces of tile.
“I mean,” John continued, his voice stammering slightly at Mr Holmes’ intense glare, “with all due respect, sir, your brother is right. I can’t imagine how anything we are able to do alone in an unknown location couldn’t be done more efficiently here.”
The air freezes round him, as does everyone in the room. John looks at him like he doesn’t understand the language Sherlock is speaking.
“Maybe it is true what your mother says,” Mr Trevor mused, patting down the front of Sherlock’s coat to smooth the wrinkles. “You are kindred spirits.”
And he barely buys any food for his old flat anymore, but brings in the shopping to Baker Street every day after work.
She looks at him and suddenly Sherlock recognizes what he saw in her eyes over ten years ago when the mask of a high-quality prostitute fell from her face with the first wail of her child in the next room.
At first, John did not realise he had spoken. So intense was his stare that he had been enraptured by it, unable to move or register anything but the burning globes in front of him. And the voice was so deep and velvety, John could not believe a human being had produced it.
He remembers the other laughs, the giggles, the chuckles, the snorts, the funny hiccoughing sound after John has been laughing for hours and his eyes are watering and he can barely breathe.
He finds himself staring at the spot just at the bottom of John’s throat, the hollow, the deep, the what’s-its-name between the clavicles, that he sees now only when John has that one shirt on that exposes anything under his Adam’s apple. He doesn’t wear it often, only when everything else is in the wash, and it’s the only shirt he has that actually reveals something.
“I want a copy of this one,” he says to the camera man, who clearly doesn’t mind at all about the moment going on between this unknown man and the one whose photo will ensure a nice commission for him. He lifts his camera slightly, pondering whether a picture of the man now stroking the handkerchief in place would sell.
He has been glued to the television ever since he came down in the morning and has barely said two whole sentences to Sherlock.
Let John think he has been bored, let him think Sherlock is just happy to see him like any other husband would be. Anything to keep him safe.
“You have a new life ahead of you now. A clean slate. I have made sure that not even I can bring back the evidence of your past life. You are safe now.”
It’s Harry and Clara’s bed, their marriage bed, bought the day after the wedding. John doesn’t want to think about it, that he’s sleeping on Clara’s ghost when he’s still trying very hard to exorcise it out of Harry’s life. So he moves in closer to his sister, wraps his arms round her. Harry sighs.
Light brown moustache, beautiful pale blue eyes, the face red from exertion and the mouth but a tight line.
Mycroft watches John. He follows him around the city in his cars, steps out sometimes to try and convince John to let him give him a left. In the pouring rain, Mycroft holds the majority of the umbrella over John, and for the first time John does not reward his presence with a rude gesture, but neither does he follow Mycroft into the car.
John spends almost two of them with Mycroft at his office, listening to him yammer about his boring case of Andrew West and stolen missile plans and wincing at his root canal problems in turn. Sherlock has time to figure out the case.
Telepathy has never been John’s strong suit and he keeps the screen directed towards the Saab on the road.
John’s expression goes icy for a moment, then back to stony indifference. But there are two extra creases around his mouth.
From the corner of his eye, Sherlock followed Mr Trevor’s easy retreat back to the sitting room. He did not turn to look behind himself but once he had turned round the corner, his fingers lingered on the wooden frame of the door, as if they would on a lover’s wrist.
“Two days ago. You must understand, that though the situation is dire, certain factors,” here he turned to give his brother such an ugly stare that John could have sworn the man flinched slightly under it, “slowed us down and we were not able to move as swiftly as we would have liked. But now that you are here, we can act. You will leave for your mission tonight, as soon as the necessary equipment have been ensured.”
But he ran, trying his hardest not to make a sound. But the woods were unfamiliar to him, panic was crawling up his throat thick like ink, fear for whatever it was that might still be there in the woods scaring him witless as if he was suddenly a child again, scared of the creatures under his bed.
With every shake of his head, the mirth drips away from him until his teeth look sharper and his eyes darker as he hisses,
So John grasps a thick chunk of the hair and cuts. It comes off and falls on the floor in a clump. Sherlock sighs heavily in relief. John continues his shearing until there’s only a few inches of uneven hair left on Sherlock’s head, then takes the electric razor he uses to shave and trims what is left. Big chunks of hair and mess of blood and skin stick to the blades and make the shaving difficult. Finally he steps back and lets his hands fall to his sides.
At the edge of sleep, he lay still, quietly whispering the name. It was beautiful, comforting, unlike his own name which, like his body, was weird and unfitting.
With the shivers and his patent leather shoes, Sherlock does sound like a tap dancer practicing for an upcoming performance.
“Connie Prince’s show is nothing compared to this,” Sherlock retorts before yelling at the young couple with a five-year-old son between them, looking more than happy to be there to tell their most private secrets on national television.
He has known for a while that there are different kinds of love. There is the kind that he feels towards his mother and father, there is the kind that he feels towards Mycroft which verges on adoration, there is the kind he feels towards his distant aunt who only comes to visit once a year and gives him a box of very old chocolates that have clearly been licked by her poodle.
“I saw his credentials when he introduced himself to Doctor Albertson. I was standing next to him - Doctor Albertson that is - helping him with the charts, when the gentleman came in and showed his papers. Oh, he works for the government all right, but not just that. He works for
, a tattered and dog-eared book that had been bought and kept hidden for over a decade. The pages were scrunched up, even torn in places. It had been read in secret, in a hurry, stuffed in pockets when the reader’s peace was disturbed, the top corners bent from lack of proper bookmarks.
After the incident of being locked in a crate, fainting and waking up in his own room, Sherlock’s fingers once again in his now very sweaty and dirty hair, John had thought that maybe Sherlock did care. More than usual, that is. Which, in Sherlock’s case, meant he offered to make John tea the moment he woke up, ranting about the medical staff at the crime scene, and that was that.
John said it at the time of the Carl Powers case, and after that it’s been self-evident that he solves the cases as much as Sherlock does.
“But I’ve become so much more now. The guys who used to boss me around are shivering in their panties. I’m your worst nightmare, Sherlock. I’m the consulting criminal of the century! And you will remember that. I’m gonna be so nasty next time. Ooh, it’s gonna be
Without further command, Sherlock slipped from his seat and moved to the radio. All senses concentrated on John, he pulled the headphones over his ears and began to move the buttons through pure muscle memory. His voice when it called out for assistance into the microphone was harsh and hurried.
The feeling this time is definitely nothing but uncomfortable, so John jumps up to make himself more tea.
Louise Mortimer does not need dim candle light to hide herself. Louise Mortimer would be attractive in bright sunshine or under blaring fluorescent lamps.
She is back to her muttering, blabbering, stammering, and Sherlock wants to touch her, for the first time since Christmas he remembers what Molly truly is.
He must hide it because otherwise John would stop wearing the shirt, and he can’t. Sherlock wants to see the dip, the thingamabob, the perfect spot to place his index finger in ---
Sherlock looks up. He is alone in the room but for a young constable standing in the doorway, looking like he can’t keep himself from entering but not wanting to disturb him.
“War! It’s just a way to allow adults to play children’s games and blow up others just for the hell of it.”
Sherlock doesn’t like the extravaganza his landlady and flatmate are apparently putting together with twinkly lights and mistletoe hanging everywhere, the skull getting a Christmas hat as well as a stocking of its own (Sherlock peeks, and John has actually given the skull the same amount of chocolates and small bric-a-brac as he has Sherlock and himself) and a decent-sized Christmas tree smelling away in the corner.
And every night, the same phrase in Gaelic. Repeated again and again, tears dotting the lines around his eyes, before he woke up with a start.
They don’t have broadband, so there are not many channels to choose from. Luckily, it’s childrens’ hour still, and they’re showing one of the Chip ‘n’ Dale classics. John is still on his back on the sofa with Sherlock on top of him, and when the squirrels jam Donald in the chimney with a rubber pancake, he makes them both shake with laughter.
“Sherlock, it’s dripping wet. You’re dripping wet! The scarf is not going to do you any good right now.”
“I never meant that you are not allowed to be loved, Sherlock,” she says. Her hand, warm and brown from the sun, clasps his.
“I might have,” Sherlock scrunches up his nose and pokes it into John’s bellybutton. “There was so very much alcohol.”
“I realise my actions, my inability to talk to you about my life lately have seemed odd. Insane even.”
Safe opens, the gun inside goes off and kills one of the henchmen which gives them the benefit of surprise and Sherlock takes everything out on the American who ordered John’s brains to be blown out.
He stomped his boot on Sherlock’s chest. The air escaped his lungs and he groaned in pain. The whip of the gun barrel across his face was like an explosion. Blood gushed from his nose and torn lip and he gasped in a gulping breath of air.
The people gathered around the buffet smirk and giggle, eager for a show. Sherlock calmly pours out two glasses of champagne, before even glancing at Donovan’s bleary eyes that seem to have a difficult time concentrating on him.
“I like it here,” he said. “Quiet. It’s always so noisy inside your head. Now it seems like you might have found something to quieten it.”
On the parking lot, checking the weather report from his phone, John notes that they might get back to London before it starts pouring rain.
The dust of the huts rested in his lungs still. He moved his head towards the wind, breathing it in deep. It caught a hold of his hair, pushed it against his scalp and swept through his mind.
“Anderson is still pissed at you. Poor sod’s been grovelling at Sally’s feet since you gave him a helping hand with his wooing yesterday,” Wilkes says.
“Of course I will,” Sherlock snapped, almost biting his tongue off with the chattering of his teeth.
He waits for a reaction but nothing comes. John is still staring at the wall, though he has been listening, Sherlock can see it from his neck. His eyes slide lower over his back, admiring the muscles and the posture, the evident power there.
“Which is why you decided to send me to a death trap?” Sherlock sneered before he had the chance to continue.
Mycroft had hated it, the constant pitter-patter of feet, the chattering of voices, and had escaped it as soon as he could.
“No thanks, I’m trying to quit,” Lestrade replies, sitting down in the chair now that he realises he is still standing behind it like he is afraid.
This is different from the silent treatment he usually gets. Before it has been John’s stomping footsteps down the stairs and the bang of the front door, night or two spent away and the awaited return after which everything goes to normal.
John won’t question it. He’ll come home, see it and think he has gone to Bart’s or to the shops for the milk. He won’t check the website. He won’t text Mycroft.
The front door bangs open and closed and Sherlock hears John’s running footsteps retreating towards the road.
“Mycroft,” John says quietly, “I have asked you here out of politeness because you are Sherlock’s next of kin. But I am his husband, and if you can’t act civilized towards him in our own home, I will throw you out on your arse and you can be sure that the next time you show yourself here, you won’t be welcome.”
Sherlock snuffed his cigarette against the table where it scorched a dark spot on the varnish and was left there to smoulder slightly.
Running, metal bolt sliding free, and then Lestrade was wrenching the crate open, worry edging his face until he saw that neither of them were dead or even bleeding.
“Yes, and I guess they are never going to stop. But I think on some level I need them there. To remind me of what is real, what I could have lost if I didn’t have John. Or you.”
Three months and sixteen days later, several weeks of sleepless nights and even more of angry outbursts that shake the roof of 221B as well as 21 dead people later, Perkins the Bomber (as John has christened him in his head. A hurried title, true, and as imaginative as Bob the Builder but serves its purpose and allows him to mention the man in his blog whenever he has time to write up a post.) still remains free, cunning and speedily making his way up to Sherlock’s top 5 of The Most Despicable Human Beings and Most Frustrating Villains Ever.
When their mother had fallen ill, John had already enlisted in the army and been shipped away, while Harriet – twenty-five and strong-willed – had stayed in London in the prospect of marrying soon. A man she had been engaged to for a while travelled so much due to his business the date was not set until Mrs Watson's dire diagnosis, after which he devoted his time and money to his new bride and mother-in-law. John heard all about this in a letter Harriet sent him, tear patterns dotting the words describing her husband’s great kindness as well as the speedy decline in their mother’s health.
Everything he had not permitted himself to feel, everything forbidden and shameful, everything sinful, everything that had begun to trickle back to the surface after years of suppressing it burst out in a sudden rush of the finches taking flight, in a deafening music of rustling leaves and bird song that seemed to fill the entire world.
bar, as can be seen from the stamp on his left hand. For goodness’ sake, no need for tattoos when you have the name of the most notorious gay club in town stamped on your palm. His eyelashes were tinted, his eyebrows have been plucked, there are signs of taurine cream around the frown lines. And of course his underwear. Visible above the waistline. Very particular brand.”
Plain rice is something Sherlock agrees to eat sometimes when he is on a case. After the case is finished he gorges himself and adds chicken, vegetables and a lot of spices on the rice, but during the cases it’s plain rice or nothing. John indulges him and gives him a bowl of basmati with only a hint of salt and chopsticks. Sherlock eats his food obediently, but mostly he plays with the tiny grains with the chopsticks, lost in thought.
from John and proceeds effectively to break the mood when he forgets John’s new girlfriend’s name on purpose, reveals to Lestrade that his wife is still having an affair and the next thing John says to him is “Shut up!” as he informs him that his sister is still drinking.
“You are wearing the same underwear third day in a row, your hair barely covers the hickey another man has sucked on your neck and your pubic hair stinks of the perfume you squirted there before you went out. Why
“Don’t talk,” John said, pushing him upright slowly and slotting his arm around his waist, threw Sherlock’s own arm over his shoulder and began to walk towards the cabin.
There is a case, informs Lestrade (and Sherlock will murder him if it is not a good one), and off they go to see severed heads, a suitcase full of money and several dead bodies of which only half are missing their heads.
After minutes of intense running, he stopped again to hide behind one of the larger trees. He felt around it with his arms, making sure it was large enough to cover him, kneeled down on the ground and peeked around it.
“I have already explained the situation in detail to your supervisor, Doctor Watson,” Mr Hartley continued. “He agrees that everything my employer has heard from you is more than true and that he himself could not have thought of a better man for the job.”
The squirming against John's heel continues. The man himself tries to straighten his posture in the chair to form a coherent thought and his foot skids a bit along Sherlock's spine.
“You said the victims take the poison themselves,” John pipes up. “So, maybe the murderer talks to them? Maybe he used the death of her daughter somehow?”
“Don’t go too far, Sherlock,” John said from his side, still staring at the jar of jams like he was faced with the most difficult decision of his life.
Knowing John, he has gone to see his brother the moment he has realised who must have given Kitty Riley the information about him. What else are arch enemies for, but to pass on false information to the people you love?
Hunger is the fourth feeling to take over when John comes home from a long day at work and even longer night chasing Sherlock around London, and he sees Sherlock at the table licking the lid of the half-litre pot of extra vanilla John reserved as breakfast for himself but didn’t have time to eat. This time there’s also anger, the yoghurt is yanked away from Sherlock’s fingers and half of it accidentally poured on the rug when Sherlock reacts like he has expected the whole time for John to want his treat back, half too slow, half just in time, his hand slips and they stare at the mess on the floor before John stomps out and to the nearest shop.
It could have gone horribly wrong, he realises later. It could have ended with the punch, it could have ended with John leaving him for good and never looking back.
He only lets Sherlock enter and squeezes him tight against his chest before sniffing and telling Sherlock something he says will be the most important advice he will ever get.
from John, an attack by a character from a Jewish folk story and a fake Vermeer worth 30 million pounds later, Sherlock sits in Lestrade’s office at the Yard, interrogating the owner of the fake masterpiece talking about something or someone very close to what Sherlock has been describing John that morning: a criminal mastermind who arranges crimes to disappear or to take place, whatever the customer requires.
He stopped by the bed, dust covering it as well, but rather than worrying about the effort of having to air it he thought of the more obvious problem. He strode to the open door and poked his head out.
It’s like from one of John’s action films. Like mother lifting a truck that has fallen on her child. Superhuman, unnatural, so very, very good.
For a second, John saw the image of himself lying face down on a hard cot in a cell with Sherlock bending his arms and legs behind him like they were made of rubber.
Sherlock wondered what would happen if he snatched it while John did not notice. He took it everywhere he went. It would be a challenge.
“No, that is definitely yours,” answers Sherlock. “My knees have been lost somewhere under the sofa cushions. I think they’re having a fight with the dust balls there. I really have to have a talk with Mrs Hudson about the hoovering.”
), sitting on the steps of one of the bigger memorials commemorating who-knows-what long gone hero. He looks up, sees Sherlock, and is instantly on his feet.
John goes home to sleep for 14 hours, Sherlock goes to Mycroft’s to be flown to Marrakech to fight evil on 3 hours of sleep.
That night, Sherlock sits at the kitchen table inspecting the strong box they found from the remains of the building across the street. Already swiped for fingerprints and having gone through all other standard NSY procedures, John does not believe there is much to find.
“If you are done ogling and giggling like school girls,” he yells over his shoulder, “you could actually do your job and arrest someone so that I can take this one home.”
John seems not to be at all afraid, Sherlock dearly hopes the time limit that will follow the next four pips will allow him to make sure the quiet breathing above his head stays that way. Quiet, even,
The weather has been gorgeous the whole day and nothing in the atmosphere could ever indicate that something as gruesome as a double homicide including two serial killers and their most recent victims all in a bloody pile has just been found inside the house they are looking at. The white picket fences and the gleaming clean windows are the picture of a peaceful life, apple trees and closely cut grass line the path, children laughing somewhere in the distance.
The crash has been looming over him for a long time. It has hovered at the back of his mind ever since he saw John at the graveyard, and he finally breaks down completely during his second year away. Stuck in Dubrovnik for three months, the smell of the tea filling the hotel room he can’t leave making him go crazy with home sickness, he phones Mycroft and breathes his brother’s name to the phone.
Flour, spices, lard, eggs, even gelatine leaves, something Sherlock has never seen in their kitchen before.
A door in the corner led to the tiniest bathroom he had ever seen, containing only a basin and a carafe, a towel rack and a faucet in the wall.
“It’s none of my business who you spend your time with. I was just surprised. I’ve never seen you with anyone. Not that I want to! I mean, I wouldn’t want to pry if you had someone here…“
“I just want to take you to bed all the time,” he tells John, rubbing his face against his neck. “I can’t think about anything else.”
Any plan Sherlock could have come up with goes out of the window. He turns back to the corpse, now going through any possible means of how to get rid of it quickly and efficiently, with the least bit of mess. Jim has called him in for a reason. With his knowledge of chemistry they could melt the body in less than half an hour and have it done with.
At the end of the week, right before the dinner that is to end their visit, John stands in the middle of the huge field opening right outside the Holmes house, wondering how often Sherlock has been running across it during his games. It is a perfect place for a child to explore, vast open space covered in long, whooshing grass. Several tall and old oak trees in the distance, perfect for treehouses and rope ladders which could be pulled up when the big brother came to look for the little one not yet ready to come inside after a day of playing pirate.
He must have fallen asleep, for the dawn was beginning to colour the horizon, painting the sky in gold and pink. He stretched as best as he could, glancing at the two sitting next to him. The sergeant driving the car looked quite peaked, his eyes bleary and bloodshot, his posture a shadow of his usual military stance.
He is just accepting one of the bags from John to help carry it upstairs when he sees movement from the corner of his eye, hears the sound of the safety being pulled back. John hears it too, and his first instinct is to jump in front of Sherlock, to push him out of the way. He doesn’t have time though, so when the gun goes off and the bullet tears itself through John’s flesh, he falls against Sherlock.
They burst out the door to the city Sherlock loves, especially now that it’s dark and there are less people on the streets. The incessant buzzing of the London inhabitants during the day brings nearly nothing new to his mind palace, only the annoying daily tasks people take so seriously even though they mean nothing in the end.
Knowing Sherlock, he has probably hid himself in a cleaning cupboard and is sitting on a bucket in the dark.
John looked up from his breads, horrified that he would actually have to find something like that from the miles and miles of shelf.
birthday, one could for once look clean and orderly, including the only jewel one wore. Especially considering what that single jewel must have gone through in the last year and a half (
“As we are speaking, our troops are launching a raid on the Nazi occupied French port, St Nazaire. If successful, this raid will ensure that at least part of the coastline will be taken back, which will mean trouble for the Germans. They will have no means of repairing their larger warships there, but will have to send them back. This kind of setback won’t be taken lightly, and more than likely measures will be taken to repair for the losses made, quite possibly by attempting to occupy the British coast.”
“The most brilliant man I have ever met. And the most difficult one. My employer has ensured the authorities that he is the best man for the job, as our contact has ensured us that you are the best man to yours, that is taking care of
“That’s because you were getting better and then threw it all away because you can’t shut up if your throat is not welded shut.”
He grows quiet instantly, never sure what Sherlock will whistle this time. Sherlock is a man of classical music, knows a few Christmas carols (most likely only to please Mrs Hudson during the holidays) and now the tune to that one soap opera he’s been watching on the telly, the one that goes din-din-din-di-din-din-di-din-din (John has heard him play it with the violin once, slower, calmer, and it actually sounded beautiful).
They have the strawberries for dessert. Sprinkled with sugar and whipped cream. Sherlock eats until he feels the seam of his trousers cannot stretch any more without bursting. John takes the last swig from his beer and goes to make tea.
“This is a good one, I know it. Five murders, suspected suicides, all dead from a handgun, nothing linking the victims. Better than ‘Study in Pink’!”
John huffed, but got up and went in to fill both mugs. When he came out again, he sat slightly closer to Sherlock.
All Sherlock’s hopes of possibly hiding his past from John at least a little while longer are shattered along with Lestrade’s smug grin. Sherlock hisses in John’s ear, begging him to shut up.
Only now Sherlock seems to notice the crowd around him, everyone still staring, some whispering to each other, and he tears himself away from Victors grasp and stumbles away. Victor calls his name desperately and runs after him.
Sherlock glances at the men holding their army machine guns, holsters with handguns balanced on their hips, arms thicker than his head.
Like her four-wheeled namesake, the nurse was fast-paced and efficient, able to do the job of several of her colleagues simultaneously while maintaining the cool and calm reserved only for the very few fortunate these days and thus for none of the inhabitants of the St Bartholomew’s hospital. Loved by everyone, Nurse Ford was the bringer of joyful news, explorer of new possibilities and the coolest hand on the feverish forehead of a patient. Some said that when the war would finally end, she would be the one to broadcast it around and one or two said that if she had been in charge, she would have single-handedly ended the bloody thing before it even had the chance to start.
The paintings on the walls remained as John remembered them: imposing portraits of family members past, those he had heard stories about but never had the chance to meet. John’s father’s decor - rather outdated, John thought, though he looked upon it endearingly - lived on, in the cherry red wallpaper and mahogany chairs and cabinets. The master bedroom remained to be seen.
“Did you enjoy your visit home, sir?” he said upon John’s arrival, looking pleased with himself for his cordial welcome. Then he saw John’s state, and cried, aghast, “Sir!”
The first night, the pirate cooked for him. He had a small, ragtag crew of men, all with scraggly beards and scars on their faces. They huddled around the fire, chattering quietly among themselves in guttural French, eyeing John every now and then with suspicion. It was clear who was the captain, for the pirate could silence them with a pointed wave of his hand.
John left the pirates’ company shortly afterwards, having signed a pledge of secrecy. When he returned to Navron, shouldering open the front door and probably looking like a scrap of his former self, Victor was surprisingly calm.
The pirate just frowned and went back to his cooking as if John wasn’t there. Redbeard trotted towards the fire, scratching at the logs then shrinking back when they burned his paws.
“There’s no need for that,” remarked John, carrying his trunk up the stairs with ease. “I’m very familiar with this house.”
John could have overlooked these subtle changes, or dismissed them as tricks of his tired imagination, had it not been for the final damning piece of evidence. Lying in the spot of sunlight underneath the window, on the ground like a broken limb, was a bow. It must have once belonged to a string instrument - a violin, perhaps, though John had never been appreciative of music - but now it had been separated from its other half.
, was rubbish left over from when John’s parents had lived in the house. (Though John knew that this was not true, as he had no recollections of the violin from his childhood.)
“Here. Have another drink,” she declared, as if a drink were the solution to John’s dissatisfaction.
The dog led him through a twist of trees and into a bright glade, where close by the waters of an estuary could be seen lapping against...a ship.
“Where did you come from?” said John out loud, before realising that talking to a dog wouldn’t get him anywhere.
Nights spent with Mary in the London clubs had made John observant. He’d always taken it upon himself to make a quick judgement of someone he’d just met, and to scour his surroundings for anything that might be of danger to him. This room was no different: though it had once been familiar to him, it reeked of possible danger.
The dog barked once as if in answer, then turned abruptly and loped off back into the trees and out of sight.
“Never mind,” said John, smiling to himself as if he and his pirate shared a secret. How far from a visit home it had been. “It was just the wind, that’s all.”
Now, panic began to rise up in him. He could be going anywhere, and he’d lose his bearings. And who in Cornwall wanted him, John Watson, hurt?
“I see,” said John. It must have been Mary who had sent word; she was always thinking one step ahead for his wellbeing, although a servant boy was rather unnecessary. “Well, there’s just no need for these kind of pleasantries.” With that, Victor stood up from his bow, slightly red in the face from all the blood having gone to his head. “And you can call me John.”
It wasn’t long before John decided to pack his bags for Navron. The very day after that party, in fact, he had calmly informed Mary that he fancied some “sea air”, and no, it was nothing to do with her - he was
“I’m fine thank you,” John replied. He was more preoccupied with other things, such as: “How did you get here?”
It was too much. John needed some fresh air to clear his head - after all, he hadn’t come here to fret; he’d come to relax. A brisk stroll through the garden would be just the thing.
“Now for God’s sake untie me. And take this bloody sack off my head, while you’re at it.” Retorted John.
It wasn’t a large ship by any means - but it was magnificent. Clearly, whoever owned the ship had taken great pride in it, for it was scrubbed clean and it’s paint was as bright as if it had been painted yesterday.
He felt for the dog’s muzzle, and was rewarded by a bark in his ear. Then, with considerable difficulty, he moved his wrists to where the dog was.
It was midmorning. John was standing on the deck, gazing out at the sea. He didn’t notice him approach from behind. “You’re thinking,” he said.
dear” - but he needed to go alone. What better place for a holiday than his childhood house in Cornwall? It would be all the solitary rest he needed.
The stranger played the violin, had a dog named Redbeard, and polished his cutlass as if it were his most prized possession.
“Oh,” said the servant boy. “Word was sent from London that you would be coming to stay, sir, so I was sent for you. Victor Trevor, sir - I was born and raised in the neighbouring town.” Then he uttered another “sir” for good measure, before bowing so low that John half expected his nose to touch the dusty carpet.
“Splendid,” stated Moriarty. “I must say, though. Your woman over there. She’s quite dazzling.” He made a vague gesture in the direction of Mary, who was out of earshot and conversing with her lady friends.
It couldn’t have been Victor, who clearly didn’t have the education to be dallying around with music. Besides, was an uptight, duteous servant like him likely to even think about graffitiing on the wall?
Or perhaps pirates was the wrong word. He was, in fact, only thinking of one pirate. He didn’t have a name, this pirate, nor did he have a recognisable face. He was more of a feeling than a person - a dream, an intangible feature of the deep recesses of John’s fantasies. The only things John were sure about there these: that he had dark hair, and a long cloak that billowed behind him like a malevolent shadow.
John was surprised at how steady his own voice sounded when he said, “What’s it to you who I am? As if you have the right to just go around kidnapping people.”
Life in London, John had come to realise, was just one long, intoxicated oblivion. He couldn’t keep living with his eyes half closed.
John could have cried in relief. This dog could help him! If only he could get it to gnaw off his ropes.
These thoughts were shaken off as his attacker suddenly let go, leaving him to sink to the ground. All John could hear was a voice.
He took a few steps forward, hoping to get closer to the source. Just as he’d suspected, it grew louder the further he went - so loud, that he could almost make out a tune. It had a mournful air, a minor key.
It was Mary who had been speaking. She looked cross, John thought hazily, only he didn’t care much about it. He really should have cared more. “Of course I am.”
It was late afternoon, and the sun pressed down on the tops of the trees, as if the trees were holding it up. When John opened the front door, he found that the entire garden was bathed in reluctant yellow light.
“Just John.” John walked past him and began to ascend the staircase, to show that the matter was closed.
“If you...ah, how shall I say this?” Moriarty’s grin was full of teeth, bringing to mind a predatory animal. “If you share...that is, if that’s your philosophy on marriage, well. I would consider her for my mistress. I’d pay, of course.”
The bed was the same four-poster John’s parents had once slept in. And it was made, yes - with smoothed-down sheets and hospital corners - but the pillows looked unusually ruffled. As if someone had slept on them recently.
His pirate kept to an erratic schedule. One day he was up at the crack of dawn, clambering up the mast to attend to some repairs; the next, he emerged from his room well past noon, drowsy and moody. John could sometimes see into his office, where he smoked, plucked at his bowless violin, or scribbled letters.
John nearly jumped out of his skin. He hadn’t forgotten the terror of having a sack thrown over his head, the struggle of capture. He was still wary. “You’re not wrong.”
At once Moriarty noticed John’s expression, and expertly swerved from the subject. “But I see that this does not please you. My apologies if I have offended you, Doctor. Tell me, how is your medical practise faring?”
Moriarty always addressed him as doctor; nothing more, nothing less. It made John think that maybe he’d forgotten his Christian name, but couldn’t be bothered to ask it.
What would a pirate do, if he was dissatisfied? If he was desperate for something: something more. Why, he’d go out and get it, wouldn’t he? He wouldn’t wait for the opportune moment. He wouldn’t be a coward. He’d simply take up anchor and move on to clearer seas.
The sky darkened to the deep, inky blue that John had only seen soaked in rich clothes. He watched the fire throw sparks into its darkness, watched those sparks fly up and disappear. The smell of cooking fish drew him closer until he could feel the heat on his face. The pirate leaned over the fire, his own face glowing, turning over the fish with mathematical precision.
Sherlock twisted a ring on his finger. “We take back what has been stolen, and we give the riches to those whose right it is to have it.”
Back to reality. Quickly, before anyone here noticed. Before someone asked him what he was thinking about, and his private imagination became as irredeemably intertwined with the public sphere as he currently was.
There was the usual crowd: Moriarty, in his full military uniform (very successful, very rich, and very loud about both things), Lestrade, sucking up to Moriarty as per usual, and John’s own brother, Harry, chatting up another lady with a painted face.
“Agh!” John raised his hands in front of his face in self defence, having barely had time to register what was happening. The shape pawed at him and let loose a stream of successive growls.
Despite having nothing to do, John certainly wasn’t idle. He sought to learn what he could about the pirate’s business.
He looks at Sherlock who is lounging on the blanket, looking at the beautiful landscape but saying nothing.
Sherlock yawned luxuriously. Watson had clearly not slept, and the sergeant seemed to be falling asleep on the spot. After seven hours of driving in the dark and the rain, sleeping with his head drooping against his chin, even Sherlock felt like he could use a proper bed. The sight of the sea peeking over the horizon was more than inviting.
This one is almost too easy. There’s still three hours left on the clock when he solves it. The bomber has actually given him a clue this time.
“That was your idea. And no, I’m taking her to King’s first,” John is looking for his keys between the cushions of his arm chair.
They are allowed fifteen minutes. Sherlock spends it drawing on the cast while Mycroft chats with John about the accident.
He never does, and Sherlock knows he has to accept that. He has to keep his distance. So he abstains to one call a week, Fridays, six o'clock precisely.
John doesn’t wake up, so Sherlock dares to stop behind him and lean closer. He reaches out his fingers to brush at the skin just below the tuft of hair that always sticks up (he has observed). John stirs, and Sherlock snaps his hand away.
The nightmares he had witnessed in the previous months were nothing compared to this. Before, Sherlock might have woken up to a silent sob or a creak of the bed boards as John got up to drink a glass of water or open the door to stand a moment in the cool breeze of the night air.
“I’ve always loved this view,” John sighs. “Used to come here with my parents. We’d pack a lunch and spend the whole afternoon here. My dad taught me how to fly a kite and mum would help me with my homework.”
When Mrs Hudson comes to see what the ruckus is about, she first sees Sherlock at the stove, upending a whole 500 gram bag of cashews into a pot and then John, partly hidden by the kitchen table and the chairs, screaming and laughing at him from the floor.
He dreams of incineration, crematoriums, furnaces, arsons that trap him inside buildings and burn him to dust, leaving only his teeth and bones. Only small scraps that will make sure that whoever finds him knows they’re standing on a pile of human dust.
Harriet Watson watches John. There’s not much that she can see through the haze of her intoxication or yesterday’s hangover she is trying to relieve with a new bottle of vodka, least of all the man ripped apart by sorrow sitting in front of her.
He doesn’t have a chance to inspect that one closer before Sherlock flips them so that he ends up looming over John and begins in turn to run his hands over the small and big dents and bruises on John’s body. John falls asleep to Sherlock’s fingers playing his ribs where the small imprint of seven-year-old Harry’s bitemark is still showing from when she decided to pretend John was a prime rib.
“John thinks - and I agree - that a familiar surrounding might be good for me now,” Sherlock begins quietly. “I’ve been drifting quite a lot in the past 25 years and there really isn’t many concrete places in London to which I have an emotional connection. Where I could belong to some kind of community.”
Jim takes a plastic bag full of tiny pills from his pocket, takes a few and throws them down his throat, sighing happily.
Parts of the ceiling drop down and John thanks his lucky stars that though abandoned, the warehouse is still in decent condition and doesn’t cave in completely by the force of the explosion. He coughs, looking round for the source, looking for any movement behind the cloud of white.
“It’s a problem,” Sherlock says, eyes suddenly on John. “Only a problem. That’s what I do. I… solve problems.”
John stares over his newspaper at the eyes over the mouth that has just stopped in front of him to make the most ludicrous of suggestions.
He tosses Sherlock’s loot in the general direction of the bunch of constables gathered nearest to them and starts directing Sherlock towards the only civilian car on the park road. Behind him Lestrade groans. It’s his car and it’s new.
Sherlock did not pay any attention to the news. Mycroft would have condemned his indifference, shocked that he took no interest in international affairs. Sherlock turned off the radio and lifted John carefully to his feet, whispering softly in his ear to help him to which John only snuffled quietly but took the necessary steps towards the bed before collapsing on it.
but which seemed to include more options than it was ever necessary for an everyday shopper to have when they just wanted something flat to smack their jam on top of.
But the kind his parents feel towards one another, the adult kind, the kind that means you are ready to do anything for the other person, is still a mystery to him.
Sherlock grimaced. The mattress was firm enough, he was not worried about sore muscles or aching back, but it would get cold in the winter. It was already March and the heatwave would hit them soon enough. But come October, he would have to drag his mattress as close to the fireplace as he could.
at the Christmas party. He only turns round, makes the pondering face he always does and walks out of the room.
He squeezes John’s fingers (John snuffles against his neck softly and squeezes back reflexively), gets up and pats into the kitchen without bothering to put on his dressing gown. He fills the kettle with water and rummages around in the fridge that Mycroft has stacked full of necessities the day before.
John doesn’t want to leave Sherlock alone but out of sheer unluck they don’t have any towels in the bathroom so he runs to Sherlock’s room and back. In the bathroom, Sherlock has nail clippers in his hand and he is waving them around, tugging at his hair and trying to shear it out with the clippers.
Sherlock smiles. Never mind the poisoning and scaring him to death, at least for once it has not been him who has wrecked a possible relationship for John, at least not directly, and he is vaguely thankful to the late Bob Frankland.
Or yet even worse, he himself crouching over John. Pushed down from a high building, bullet finally having pierced through something more important than shoulder muscle, eyes filled with flies from weeks of being hidden in someone’s cellar.
He hates cemeteries. He hasn’t visited one since he went to his mother’s grave the day after her funeral. (Best way to make sure she was actually dead, preferable to actually seeing her dead body in the coffin or on the slab. Always the chance she might open her eyes.) He had spent the previous day and night locked away in his room, head blissfully empty thanks to the cocaine he had procured for the occasion, right after the doctor had walked out of their mother’s hospital room to the hallway where he and Mycroft had been waiting and had informed them, his whole appearance like the white walls of the hospital, that their mother had passed. That’s how Sherlock saw it, the neutral, plastic-like condolences from the doctor who had taken care of their dying mother for months.
Sherlock knows this because Mycroft has bugged one of the legs of Mrs Hudson’s kitchen table. He has promised to turn it on only when John visits.
They keep their communication to the minimum. Jim phones when he needs him and they stay out of each other’s lives outside assignments.
Clickety-clack of high heels reach the door. Sherlock lifts his eyes and tries to sound disoriented,
“Look who I brought,” John says and pulls a chair next to Sherlock’s. He gestures Lestrade to sit in it and goes to the kitchen.
Irene Adler’s phone consumes him. It lies on his nightstand most nights and goes round London in his pocket. He takes it to Bart’s to have it x-rayed, finds several explosives inside it and for the first time he thinks something positive about her (
century, and a stuffed bat he thought John could use to snuggle. When the nurses saw this latest addition to the pile of debris covering John’s bedside table, they instigated a strict “No organic matter” policy. Sherlock huffed and puffed and pouted, but consented after the nurses pointed out that if this rule was not followed, it would be extended to bipedal Holmeses too.
“You look about the same as usual,” Sherlock says to the ceiling. He is lying on the sofa as always, deep in thought (Or sulk. What’s the difference when John has a date.), wearing his pyjamas because obviously no one is going to offer him any kind of case tonight.
Sherlock paces back and forth in one of the interrogation rooms at the Yard with Lestrade buzzing around him, pestering him with questions and huffing and puffing like it’s his fault the case is not yet solved and Anderson and Donovan sneering at his inability. John tries to help by whispering something to Lestrade and glaring at Donovan and Anderson which usually makes Sherlock feel better but now gets him angrier than anything. So in the end he pushes John away harshly when he storms out of the door. John stumbles and hits his shoulder painfully against the wall. His bad shoulder, the one that he always turns away in crowded spaces to avoid contact, the one that has begun to ache when it’s damp, the one Sherlock never ever touches because John hates the starburst of scar tissue that has formed after a bullet plummeted through it on a desert in a place John misses and Sherlock wants him never to return to, never to remember, never to dream of.
Silence falls over the table again, but now Sherlock does not hear it. He stares at the white piece of wood dangling in front of him, slams his notes back on the table and sits down.
Two months later, and he is still wired about Moriarty’s visit, hands squeezing into fists harder than usual after every snide remark from Sally, last of which makes him stop on the landing before walking out.
Sherlock almost crashes the car there and then, not because of the effect of the conclusion Doctor Frankland – like many others before him – has erroneously come to and the innuendo he has made, but because now he finally has a suspect.
John grows worried at the sight of him the moment he sees him sitting at the window again that night, lurking in the shadows, only his hand extended to push the blinds apart.
Sherlock looked at him, his coffee still warm but forgotten in his hands. He watched John swim, realising suddenly that last night had been the first time he had called him by his first name.
And all he can think about is John’s neck, hidden behind a beige-striped shirt collar and shoulders hunched against the cold, muscles stretched to turn his head when he is speaking to Lestrade standing next to him.
Sherlock closes his mouth, twists his lips tight and pecks John’s closed mouth. The taste of whiskey is nice, though stale, but the strange smell of entrails lingers. Sherlock blinks slowly, then he dives into his pocket and pulls out something brown and purple and disgusting.
So maybe an apology is not enough this time. Maybe this time he will need to do something much more meaningful.
The boys clap and cheer after her as she makes her way to the bar, grabs her coat and is out of the door.
The next morning, Sherlock has a sore throat, a raging fever and an incessant need to get out of bed. John stops his every attempt to get anywhere further away than to the toilet, which isn’t hard to accomplish considering how weak Sherlock is. However, John has to sit on his back for about fifteen minutes to tire him out when Sherlock is particularly eager to see why his phone (which John has hidden from him but forgotten to turn off) is ringing so.
Snarling at the desk sergeant he knows to shaganything that walks with two feet as he goes past and gives John a scan Sherlock’s eyes catch two men standing few steps ahead of them, heads together, whispering and glancing at them as if trying to confirm something. No, glancing at
Mostly applied to lovers who kill themselves because they can’t be with the person they love. To be united in death. Their love consummated in eternal sleep.
And John does the amazing, unexpected, dazzling thing Sherlock finds beautiful the moment he hears it: he laughs.
After that Sherlock doesn’t stop to think before he allows himself to indulge in the intimate moments wherever they happen to be. It only becomes a problem once, when he pokes his cold fingers under John’s jumper just when they are kneeling over a body. John has a very sharp piece of glass in his hand that he has picked out from the abdomen wound it has made in the victim and he almost pokes Lestrade’s eye out with it when he shrieks like a teenage girl and reflexively jerks his arms up towards the DI who is hovering over his shoulder.
Instead of John’s hurried footsteps, it’s Donovan’s angry huff and a dead silence from the rest that follows Sherlock outside.
Mr Holmes sighed in relief (his brother next to him in annoyance) and handed them both another pieces of paper.
Lestrade, with deep lines covering his forehead, briefs them about the victim the next morning at the Yard. Sally Donovan gives Sherlock an even dirtier look when they arrive this time.
At eleven, just when John is about ready to climb the stairs and go to bed, Sherlock emerges from his bedroom, dishevelled and dragging his dressing gown behind him. He stops in front of John, who pauses in turn and waits for what is to come.
Unlocking his phone, John smiled at the welcome sight of a text from Lestrade. Hopefully this weekend was about to get a lot more fun, if there was a case to be dealt with. His smile, unfortunately, was wiped clear as soon as John read the text.
Nevertheless, John had all but dedicated his life to Sherlock. No matter to what extent their relationship developed, or the area his feelings spanned across, and how often he was left behind, John wanted nothing and no one more than Sherlock, in whatever capacity he could have him.
Forcing Sherlock’s mouth open with his tongue, John sucked Sherlock’s lower lip into his mouth and bit into it harshly. Feeling Sherlock moan at that, John ran his tongue over the place where he had just bitten, in a placatory manner, sending his tongue further into Sherlock’s mouth to explore.
John’s face was inordinately close to Sherlock’s, his fast breaths causing Sherlock’s curls on his forehead to move slightly with every exhale. John was not speaking but nearly growling the words at this point.
“I love you, Sherlock. That’s what I feel for you. So, please, wrap your brilliant mind around that concept and never leave me behind. Not unless you would rather I die, too.”
”. After all, it’s not as if there was a dearth of people who would happily go to bed with him, as was evidenced by the list of girlfriends he had accumulated since moving into Baker Street.
Waiting for just long enough to see Sherlock agree with him, John yanked at the cloth confined in his fists, bringing Sherlock’s face closer, and plastered his lips across Sherlock’s, not caring that he was doing this for the
If Sherlock had run after a murderer capable of hacking people into pieces in cold blood, John did not want Sherlock coming across this man without either the Met or John by his side. Just as his brain was about to tumble down a rabbit hole of what had happened to Sherlock, his phone chimed again.
”, Sherlock had appeared tremendously chagrined, looking at his own feet and shifting uncomfortably. It was conclusive; Sherlock would be bowed by a few words from John when no one else had ever come closer, and wouldn’t… possibly ever.
“Good to see you could get here so quickly, John. I was terrified something would happen to him. Won’t even talk to us today. God know’s what has gotten into him!” Lestrade spoke softly now, the screaming clearly having had an effect on his vocal cords.
Oh, how blatant a lie this was. Its beauty lay in the teller of the lie trying to change his own mind about the status between him and his flatmate with such conviction as to try and convince oneself that the potential of a relationship was next to impossible! Yes, Sherlock and John were not a romantic couple, but one could not refute all the other ways that they fit each other like two pieces carved for one another. In the moments that John’s brain went a-wandering down the lane of fantasising about the idea of a relationship with Sherlock, John shut it down by repeating this mantra over and over again in his head.
John was indeed beyond excellent at flirting. He had bagged several people in his 35-year lifespan without needing so much as to lift a finger. Well, once said person had been wooed efficiently, he
This kiss went on much more harmoniously. Without the adrenaline coursing through John who was hell bent on punishing and securing Sherlock all at once, and without Sherlock’s senses fried from the onslaught of a first kiss from John coming so unexpectedly, they were able to share their love and devotion to one another in a much more sedate pace.
Dr. John Hamish Watson, formerly of the Royal Army Medical Corps, Captain in the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, was
Lestrade only looked at John from the corner of his eyes, afraid of derailing Sherlock’s stream-of-consciousness like deductions. When Sherlock stopped to look for something amidst the detritus of garbage near his feet, Lestrade turned to John and said, “When I saw you walk towards Sherlock, I thought you were about to chin the bastard, not snog him!” John turned to look at Lestrade, one of his eyebrows hiked up in a questioning manner, a lovely incongruity with the blush still adorning his cheeks.
Mycroft plays his part perfectly and John huffs into Bart’s lab only half an hour later, obviously full of anger, but trying not to let it show.
It finally happens two days later when he is on his way to see Lestrade. He opens the door, looks both ways, steps out and turns to lock the door behind him.
His voice is deep, hardened by crying and the sorrow of having lost so much in one night. John tries to think of some movement, some indication that Sherlock has not lost him.
But it ends with John smiling across the room, looking at him and only at him. It ends with John laid bare in Sherlock’s bed, all the joy, all the pain, all the scars, all the perfections showing.
The object of her desperation is a bomber, a nasty one at that. In the past six months he has blown up a government officials building (something Mycroft came over to talk about while John was out and which Sherlock dismissed with a shrug of his shoulder while with the other he tried to gesture his older brother to leave the same way he came in), banks and an unused underground station.
John glanced at him. Since Mr Holmes’ speech had had no impact on his brother, it had clearly been meant for him.
It’s one of those moments when you know exactly what the other person wants only by looking at them. John sees need and desperation in Sherlock’s almost transparent grey eyes, and when he slides over him and grasps him relentlessly, John doesn’t stop him. Sherlock hasn’t touched him in months and so he lets him do what he pleases.
“Yes, I admit he is hilarious. Any other reason besides the fact that he, as the unofficial head of the nation, is in trouble with a woman who gets her living from beating sexually frustrated clients with a riding crop?”
It’s not that John doesn’t want to help to catch the bad guys. He agrees they need to act fast while the trail is still hot.
Sherlock looks at the box of matches like he doesn’t know what he should do with it so that he can grab the rag and bucket in turn. John’s hand reaches out again to take the box, but Sherlock’s brain finally catches up with him and he hides the box in his pocket.
use other than running out to meet your brother about national security when you can’t be arsed to do it yourself. Other than hovering in the background when you need a sounding board or want to see how quickly I can solve the little problems you dare to throw my way.”
“Why is it all about sex with you people, hmm?” he throws the pile of photos on the table. “You, Irene Adler, all of you are the same. It’s just carnal pleasure and nothing more. Why can’t you just think with your
Sherlock stands at the bottom of them for a long while, clutching his hands into fists, counting the pairs of feet walking past, dozens and dozens of shoes, blue, black, brown and white. Skirts and trousers whish past, some on their way in to the temple of learning, the others towards the leisures of weekend and free time.
“The situation is not optimal,” Mr Holmes said raising his eyes again, “but we have no other way of protecting that part of the island without moving resources away from significant areas of defence or without giving out our knowledge of their plan. We have to form a strategy but we also have to be quick. It’s like chess.”
‘Funny’ is nowhere near what happens after Sherlock finds out the explosion was caused by a bomb, not a gas leak, fishes the copy of the Pink Lady's pink phone from the envelope, hears the five Greenwhich pips, sees the photo and takes John and Lestrade with him back to Baker Street to visit the C flat. It’s damp and dark and dusty, just like the last time he came there, but there’s something new in the middle of the musty sitting room.
“I actually got to 1895. Then I fell asleep. Guess my powers of concentration aren’t very good,” he chuckles.
The dummy is back in place in the child’s mouth and the child itself it tottering back towards his mother sitting on a bench with another young woman. Bright yellow pieces of felt on the back of the dungarees spell JOHN.
“Would you like to do this? Help me out every once in a while? Nothing big. Just… little stuff every once in a while. Very hush hush though. Can’t have everyone finding out we use consulting detectives to catch the bad guys. You’d soon be courted by every country in Europe and abroad.”
John was scared stiff at the pool, being so close to death again after he had thought he’d be safe. But still his first instinct was to protect Sherlock, to jump on Moriarty’s neck, ready to be blown up. Screaming for Sherlock to leave him and run away.
-with-a-bastard-who-forgets-that-the-springs-are-on-hair-trigger-and-the-box-locks-from-the-outside-phobic!”
Sherlock hasn’t been able to concentrate after Jim has barged into the room. He has spent some time deducing the man from what he could see from his suitcase and appearance, gotten frustrated on the prospect of having to tolerate another human being in his living space on a day-to-day basis and finally sat down at his desk in front of the window.
goes the pink phone and shows them a garish picture of a garish bottle blond with her teeth showing in what she must think is a smile. Sherlock stares at the photo and John stares at him.
It wasn’t Sherlock’s fault, not really. It wasn’t his fault that the bric-a-brac on the table included a priceless pearl necklace stolen from a duchess’s bedroom some months back and which had found its way to Baker Street by pure accident. The thief had obviously tried to hide his loot. The hiding spot ended up being a stuffed alligator, an incredibly rare stuffed alligator. Which belonged to a professor the thief was working for. Who happened to be very good friends with Sherlock and had promised the alligator to him when he died. Which happened very conveniently some weeks after the break-in. And while the thief hadn’t had the chance to get his hands on the alligator after he stuffed it full of pearls, Sherlock stumbled upon them by accident two days after receiving his gift.
“Excellent place this. Lots of alcohol the moment you come in, every floor buzzing with pretty mollies still so innocent and sweet in their fantasy that the big boys came here to study.”
Sherlock speaks less now, replying to John’s questions only in monosyllables. But he likes to hear John’s voice so John does everything he can to replace the sounds in the flat that used to come from Sherlock alone. He walks from room to room, making tea and cleaning the table and keeping up a running commentary on everything he does. If he is not doing anything, he still goes around slowly, describing the colour of the walls and counting all the mugs they have, one mug, two mugs, three mugs.
To his surprise, John only sighed and wrapped his arms around him, pulling him in deeper into the embrace. He only moved his lips to allow Sherlock to feel a small give, some admission that his kisses were welcome, but kept his movements soft and unhurried, the desperation gone from his body.
Walking slowly through the now brightly lit halls towards the front exit, the awaiting ambulance and Lestrade, who looks like a proud father, he thinks of the cabbie’s last words, squeezed out of him by a patent leather shoe pressing on the fresh bullet wound.
A moment later, they could hear Lestrade’s voice calling out nearer and nearer, eventually right next to them in the room. Sherlock, instead of making their presence known by raising his voice, banged gently on the side of the crate, his other hand still lodged in John’s hair.
have seen it! With that level of grooming I’m surprised he doesn’t just tattoo ‘gay’ on his forehead.”
“Don’t knock my drinking habits,” John says and gives him the cup Mrs Hudson offered and left on the table to wait. White tea, no sugar.
John loved the forest. He would disappear into it and appear again from a different part, making his own paths through the undergrowth. He came back and told Sherlock off for smoking again, went to one of the cupboards and took out a tin box, explaining he had found mouse droppings in a corner in the kitchen and hid the sugar in the box.
They walk in silence for a moment, Lestrade waiting for John to say more, but the walls are too high up after everything that has happened and Lestrade has to be direct if he really wants John to know he cares.
Sherlock himself is sitting in the chair, leaning his head against his hand, and he barely turns to look towards the door fast enough for Lestrade to interpret it as movement. He seems to be having difficulties focusing on the figure standing awkwardly behind John, who walks in briskly and kisses Sherlock’s cheek.
“Sofa, Sherlock, it was the sofa,” Mycroft singsongs, judgingly like big brother’s do when their baby brothers have behaved idiotically.
“Usually he is above it all, never has had direct contact with any of the victims. He organises everything but no one ever sees him or speaks to him directly.”
He’ll look at himself in the mirror while shaving the next morning and see his lower lip swollen and chapped. He’ll lick on the torn skin and it will sting and draw a tiny drop of blood he’ll pick up on his thumb and inspect in the fluorescent light.
