"I hear JARVIS is already spilling all my secrets," Tony says, successfully derailing Steve's train of thought.
Now that he's no longer preoccupied, his empty stomach grumbles as if on command. Steve exhales, mildly annoyed. Downstairs, the unlit corridor seems to swallow the other end of the staircase whole in a way that shouldn't be as eerie as it is, and Steve lets the idea go. His appetite is gone and he'll survive. Tomorrow is another day.
A while later, they halted on top of a slight elevation, looking down upon the great expanse of green fields and willow trees below. "Thank you," Anthony said, his voice subdued. It would be the last they would speak of the matter for a long time.
The man keeps running straight onward, and Steve has to admit he doesn’t know what he expected, but it wasn’t for Stark to jump right at the building blocking his way. It’s the miniature thruster embedded in his boots that gives him the edge to push himself back off the façade of the building, but the core strength lies in his own body. It’s an astonishing performance. He leaps right over Steve where he’s standing, rolls, and keeps on running.
For a moment, there's a flicker of something angry in Tony's eyes that makes Steve almost want to slink away at the sight of his stare. Yet it's gone almost as quick as it appeared, leaving only exhaustion that paves the way for a long-suffering sigh which Tony emits as he presses the heels of his palms against his eye sockets.
At fourteen, James fell for a fierce blonde and was mocked (albeit amicably) by his best friend when he retold her reaction to his rather bold proposition. Carol, so her name, had only made a face that undoubtedly spoke for itself and then advised the boy in a surprisingly polite tone that he still had many a thing to learn if he ever hoped to convince any one girl of himself.
He brings his hand up. The pain increases exponentially the further his fingers move into position for the snap; Steve braces himself against the wall behind him when his legs threaten to give out. With a shout of anger, agony and bitter determination, he snaps.
Tony can only do so much to stay in the saddle while the pair of mules attached to its horn tug in every which direction. A few feet to his left, the mountain trail falls away into a steep slope that ends in a sea of rocks and debris at the bottom. Tony pretends not to feel sick and averts his eyes, fixing his gaze to the space between Butterfingers' ears.
He actually gets through it in about two hours, although it would've probably taken less time if he'd clarified some of the details from the get-go – no, Ma'am, he actually
"I don't know what I– I didn't think anything of it, or I did but I didn't know how to bring it up and it happened again and I should've told you but I didn't," he says in a rush, the words muffled in his palms but without doubt still intelligible to Steve.
Steve thinks, and suddenly he’s up and racing toward the source of the smell with a single-mindedness he hasn’t often observed in himself. The voices in the back end grow louder, and when he’s arrived at the last wagon, it’s Natasha who comes his way, intercepting Steve’s run.
The Lord had bare legs wrapped around the others' middle, a man who Siree Danvers believed was Sir Rogers. Anthony's left foot, to this day covered in bandages from the time he had injured it on one of his rides three weeks ago, stuck out like a sore thumb against the dark leather of the man's breeches. The cropped, blond hair on him and the broad stature made her suspect, but his voice betrayed the truth.
The first one to arrive is an older man with graying hair and he makes a show off rearranging his coat so the gun in his holster is revealed to Tony. Oh, great.
"Now, I'm sorry, Captain, but you'll excuse me for not taking your word for it, seeing as it's very clear where your loyalties lie. Look, I know Stark's had a hard time of it. And
"You have to understand, Tony. It was the only way. I needed to be there to protect you. Nobody else could, certainly not him. I'd know. I was him."
“The Kronole. That I sent. With every message. Please don’t tell me...” he exhales forcibly, brows knitting in a contemplative frown. “Look, it’s like these small, black chunks of– well, it’s industrial waste, but–”
“Stay with me now,” Rogers says, again in a voice that allows for no compromise. Tony isn’t allowed to go anywhere, no matter if his body would like to or not. It’s a command, sharp and yet soft at the core. The message is– soft, because it reveals… it reveals what Rogers has kept under covers all this time. He wants Tony around. He wants–
Rogers' expression is one of concern – Tony has figured it out now, that his frowns often aren't truly angry but rather a misdirected attempt to show care he doesn't know how to express otherwise. (Tony might be a menace, but Steve Rogers is an enigma.)
and got off on it. He was so utterly wretched, and they weren't anywhere near done, had barely even started, and Steve just–
He gulps, notices his outburst, and collects himself. Defeat lines his suddenly slumped shoulders. When his eyes meet hers again, he's pleading. “Just–the stone, Wanda, please. We can't take the chance."
“You know, me and my father… we didn’t agree on many things. In fact, I am positive he is rolling in his grave as I speak,” the Lord chuckled, a dry and humorless sound, looking up at the once-live man that was leveling them with an austere gaze from the oil painting on the wall in front of them. It was the late Lord Howard, in all his hard-mannered, unsmiling glory.
Tony just sits there, dazed, face buried into the man’s coat to escape the snowflakes grazing his skin like thousands of needles. He knows he should stay awake – although he can’t remember why, when sleep is so much more pleasant – but everything is a dull, slow haze, and the comfort of safety makes him think it’ll be alright to doze off. He can, now. Rogers is here now and he’ll be here later, when Tony wakes up.
He breaches him, just enough to get the head in, and Stark melts beneath him – he's mewling, a wonderful, keening sound that drags out into a whine as Steve sinks deeper into him.
Lord Stark was a man of olive skin, raven hair and not very much taller than her. It was with a frankly large portion of astonishment that Natasha caught sight of his right hand, all scar tissue and long since healed burns.
threats. But, seeing as that was less effective than expected… I had to promise I'd let them conduct a search – not that they're gonna find anything – and that you'd come in for questioning again if and when they consider it necessary."
Rogers' voice is closer than it was; looking up, Tony sees his caravan of mules waiting just a few feet away and reins his horse in. They've made halt at a mostly even stretch of trail, the other man turned awkwardly in his saddle to address Tony behind him.
. He forgot what they smell like. Omegas. They haven’t had any in the tail end for at least eight years, and sometimes he doubted there were any on the train left at all. Someone argued it’s something to do with evolution, how they suddenly seemed to have died out because their bodies failed to adapt to the living conditions.
the man pushing back into his grasp and his legs spreading apart wider in response, putting the part of himself aching for touch most on display.
Before he even gets a chance to voice the need for physical exercise, he finds a set of running gear laid out on his bed that's seemingly appeared by its lonesome. Tony casually mentions that it's impossible to get lost in these parts if you stick to the trails around the property in their next conversation, and so he's off on his morning run the very next day.
Allowing the team to help had been a decision they'd agreed upon together. All of them had forged a bond that went far beyond amicable companionship in the last years; secrets no matter their nature were practically non-existent, the need for privacy no longer prevalent and intimacies exchanged freely. Privately, Steve thought that at the end of the day, they were not unlike soldiers seeking comfort in one another during times of war, and there was no judgement.
Steve sits up, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes with mild surprise. He didn't expect to sleep through to sunrise, but it must be around six in the morning already, seeing as fall has the days getting shorter and shorter at a rapid pace.
"I gotta say," the man says, stepping foot out of the car first, his presence still imposing as ever. "I was
Tony’s hand almost refuses to move, but he brings it up to touch Steve’s that is still cupping his cheek.
"Yes," he gasps out, his voice carrying a desperate edge. At a particularly rough thrust, he slams his fist onto the counter, curls his fingers so hard his nails cut into his palm, the sole outlet for his wanton fervor. "
Steve goes back to reading. Hours upon hours pass in which Tony doesn’t return and Steve doesn’t leave the room in fear of being discovered by the one other person in the house who’s not supposed to catch sight of him. Sometimes, there are noises from the other side of the door, but he does his best to ignore them and stifle the curiosity brought about by boredom.
Tony didn’t choose to work with (or, heaven forbid, for) this man, but it’s not like he has any say in the matter. Tony has chosen the Accords. He has not–and this can’t be stressed enough–chosen Ross to keep them in check. The guy’s a necessary evil, all but unaware of this title Tony has not-so secretly ascribed to him and he uses every opportunity to act the part.
animated and explicit tales of how Asgardian warriors would celebrate their victories in battle had caught the rest of them a little off guard to say the least.
It’s surprising and uncommon, apparently. That he isn’t bigger yet. They say denial plays a part and Tony’s always been good at that, hasn’t he? (Denying the truth, denying himself, denying what's right there in front of him.)
Tony swallows, trying to stomp out the onslaught of emotions the sight of many loved people long gone has brought. He holds onto Steve's hand like a lifeline and brings his other up in front of him, observing the gem in this palm, still pulsing with light in steady intervals.
Seeing as it's a regular occurrence, Steve isn't surprised when he's pulled back into reality on one of these nights–not at first, anyway. His mind is slow to shake off the sleepy haze and Steve painstakingly blinks himself awake only to find Tony's usual spot on the bed unoccupied.
The Lord's words faded into silence and he now moved to face him as well, a small, muted trace of his previously broad smile left.
Steve still preferred to keep Tony to himself most days, but sometimes he'd allow the others a glimpse or two – especially when that sneak-peak came with added support from said teammates during their sexual endeavors.
From the liquor cabinet to the left, he gets two glasses and whiskey–no, vodka. Imported, Russian. He knows how to treat a woman who can kill with both a paper clip and a sultry smile.
Nebula looks at him strangely; more than she usually does, and the liquid dark of her eyes that says everything and nothing at all jolts Tony back to their conversation.
Is this what your life flashing in front of your eyes looks like? Because if so, it's a lot more anti-climactic than he'd hoped it'd be.
Tony gets to stay outside and rub the animals dry with some straw while Rogers makes to start a fire. He had the idea to protest, of course – why does
one, Steve just needs some imagination–he might as well give himself some peace of mind in other ways, starting with an uncomplicated way to verify Steve’s identity. Steve is resigned to JARVIS controlling and monitoring every aspect of his schedule by now, but there's got to be a more elegant solution.
Steve curls his hands around Tony’s waist, rests his chin on his shoulder with a smile and says, “I want you to fuck yourself on my cock and tell me why
Tony looks at him like he's just told him the Earth is flat and then exhales a helpless chuckle that quickly evolves into a wet sniffle.
The knight's face darkened at the question. Bruce suspected an unexpected encounter with raiders or other men that meant them harm, but his assumptions were thrown overboard when Sir Steven cast a pointed glare at the Lord, chagrin audible in his next words.
funny all by itself? After almost meeting his death in the boundless void of outer space, one might think he would’ve chosen not to step foot in a spaceship anytime soon. It's been five years alright, but sometimes -- sometimes he still dreams, and whenever the memory does come crawling back, it’s enough to deja-vu him right back to those nights he's spent tinkering riddled with insomnia and existential terror after New York.
Steve sees it in himself to take upon the responsibility of breaking the shell-shocked silence. The body is still there, and somebody's going to have to move.
Ruminant, Steve tilts his head as he looks down at the man in his wake. Yeah, he will ask for the privilege to break him in. And Pierce will grant his request because he's done a better job hunting Stark down than anyone else ever has or would have, and that is deserving of a little treat if nothing else.
It's wrong to get attached this quickly, especially when that attachment doesn't stop at amicable companionship. Tony stomps out the feeling before it can take hold.
Steve nods and motions for Tony to lead the way. He seems glad not to be forced to continue their conversation any longer, which Steve can’t really blame him for. This isn’t how anyone would want to spend their day off.
Steve was positive he'd been as transparent as a slab of concrete during their first meetup, but it seems Romanoff has figured him out regardless. Ideally, she would've stayed oblivious to her own upper hand until the very end. The truth remains that Steve needs her more than she needs them and while he hates relying on outsiders, there's no one better equipped to do this job.
"Tony left a recording for us, before–" She cuts herself off and hesitates for a moment. "I think he'd want you to see it as well."
Stark's fingers have a clawed grip on the ground below, his face resolutely pressed into the dirt to ensure Steve won't be able to see him or his possibly telling facial expressions. What he doesn't seem to be aware of is that to be regarded with this fierce defiance is more satisfying than any of these other, minor details could ever be.
Tony moans through sealed lips and lifts his hips an inch or two to chase the circle of Steve's hand. Then, he freezes.
much. That is what all these irritating instances of him not wanting Tony doing this or that were about, and it’s taken him this near-death experience to figure out. (Well, the
Tony nibbles at the juice pop as he walks over. With a grimace, he swallows and then holds the green-colored ice at an arm's length, looking as if the thing personally insulted him. "Ugh, the green ones are the worst. Things you do for family. I knew she wouldn't eat them all, but a promise is a promise," Tony concludes.
When Steve looks back up and returns Tony's gaze, he tries not to be too obvious about how sheepish he feels, being caught staring like that. But Tony is evidently preoccupied with whatever's currently going through his mind. Beside the suspicion, there's something else in his eyes, something raw and hurting. Steve knows that expression; it's been looking back at him from a mirror for weeks now.
can't wait. Well–the last one's been off the table ever since they got publicly barred from one of their favorite diners and Pepper threatened to castrate him in vivid detail and a tone of voice that made explicitly clear how much she was not joking.)
Steve swallows against the tears climbing toward the surface. "I'm sorry," he repeats, and believes it a little less than the first time. Tony lives. How can he be sorry for that? If he hadn't taken action, Tony would have turned days ago. But as it is, he is still here, crying and breathing and in
He blinks, and when he slowly opens his eyes again, he can make out the desperately suppressed panic in Stark's features, the strain of his fingers where they're clutching his bruised knees to his chest and, incredibly, the way his wide-open eyes are pleading for…mercy.
The desperation must show in his face, because Rogers looks at him for a moment, contemplating, and then sighs in defeat as if giving up a mental argument against himself.
This morning, they'd gotten a horse for Tony at Red Rock's smith, a greying man who keeps the animals around for company rather than their use. His attachment to each and every one of them and the lack of business competition meant that the price would burn a hole in any other man's wallet, but with Tony being who he is, money isn't an issue. Rogers seemed mildly bemused when Tony paid up without complaint, but didn't ask questions. Tony decided he liked that.
The task kept her thoughts away from the matter at hand for a while, but the vivid images in her head soon became too prevalent to ignore. In truth, she felt discomforted rather than surprised. Lord Stark's tastes were an open secret amongst the people inside the castle gates, and that Sir Rogers was the man to meet those tastes – as Carol understood it, this was to be expected.
His forehead creases with a frown and there's an angry tic to the corner of his mouth that contrasts heavily with the look of hurt betrayal that Steve never wanted to see in his eyes again. His expression is an open flesh wound, bleeding and exposed. "You don't get to do that. You don't get to show up here, turn my world upside down, and then disappear when things get messy."
Sure, the wording went somewhere along the lines of him wanting to 'worship every part of Tony in excruciating detail, inside and out' but Tony chalked that up to the heat of the moment. Besides, the majority of the last ten minutes he's been preoccupied thinking about whether
After having been relentlessly pestered about the matter, Potts had merely commented that while she respected and considered Lord Stark one of her dearest friends, they had never nor would they ever share a romantic bond of any kind.
His eyes don’t have problems adjusting to the lighting conditions, so it takes him a moment to put a finger on what feels different about the room when he stands and walks to the bed.
After a few nights and after each of which Rogers turns even less talkative,  increasingly irritated and snaps at Tony for comments he would have previously only rolled his eyes at, Tony takes mercy on him (and on himself, because the man is exhausting to be around when he's tired and moody).
Maybe that is an exaggeration. Rogers, underneath the impenetrable layer of grime and stoicism, seems like a nice enough character. Tony doesn’t get many glimpses of it, but there’s a certain softness, something delicate and kind that has maybe been curbed like Tony’s drive to create has a long time ago. It shows when he is interacting with animals; his horse, first and foremost, which he makes sure is cared for above all else and murmurs encouraging or apologetic or humorous things to depending on the situation.
That's all the answer Steve gets. It sounds like a 'no' by any stretch of the imagination. Looks like he's painting a miserable enough picture that not even Fury wants to be the one to break the news to him that he'll be stuck here for good.
He must’ve dozed off at some point, because the next time he opens his eyes, Tony’s perched on top of him, supported on his own crossed arms and watching him. Steve smiles at the sight of him, sliding both arms around the man’s waist.
With Tony added to the equation, they wind up in a triangle-like formation, facing one another in some sort of parody of a mexican standoff where instead of guns it’s the impending emotional fallout that poses the central problem.
They're there for half a day, and then, after having inspected everything twice with probing gazes and Geiger counters and all that other equipment Steve doesn't know nor thinks to ask about, they pack up again. The collective disappointment about the eagerly anticipated evidence failing to materialize hangs over their heads like the blanket of clouds on the pale september sky.
A true understanding of the power and meaning of devotion comes only with suffering and loss beforehand.
Tony wills himself to move on from the topic and climbs into bed. Steve’s smell has faded from his pillow a few weeks ago, but he hugs it to his chest anyway, curling around it as much as humanly possible. It’s not long until he slips into the haze that precedes sleep, teetering on the brink to oblivion.
Suddenly, he was near mad with zeal, revealing plans and ideas James had never heard him speak of before, presenting designs of contraptions that promised to bring unprecedented progress to the lands and working into the night often days without pause.
Tony looks – puzzled. And that can’t be. How could their timelines be identical in excruciating detail and differ in this major event, one that, in his world, changed the team in a substantial way?
He watches Tony's gaze drop to his shoes and the man's throat bob as he swallows, working up the courage to utter something else that seems to be too important to be left unspoken.
muscle more is going to change that. And if you want to do something about it, if you don't… if you decide you don't feel comfortable at all, then go for it. But just know that it makes no difference to me either way, because I'll be here no matter what. You're still the same man I fell in love with nine years ago."
"Stop right there, darlin'. You's gon' scare that poor thing t'death in ya rampant alpha frenzy," she chides, clapping his shoulder. It's then that Steve notices that even her muted beta scent has an unsettled, tense tang to it, all thanks to him. He rarely gets worked up to the point of losing his grip on the pheromones he's putting out.
‘One day’, in this equation, was always an undefined variable. Undefined, far away, a distant point in the nebulous future they weren’t even sure to reach. ‘One day’ was a term he didn’t waste a thought on, most days, knowing that entertaining it would mean to lose sight of their single priority: survival.
He set his jaw and glanced around at the four men, one cradling his nose with a fancy gun in the other hand. “So, who wants to go first?” Steve asked as he sized up the men.
Tony pursed his lips before he moved to sit next to Steve on the bench, rubbing Steve’s back comfortingly. “Okay. We’ll get you through this, Steve. I’m not gonna give up on you, so don’t give up on me,” He stated with firmness, trying to get Steve to agree. It was the broken look in Steve’s eyes that had Tony feeling like something sunk down in his stomach.
It can be fairly debated that Steve was not thinking things through, and the same could go for Tony. They weren’t thinking about the next day or how this would potentially affect their professional relationship or even if this was a one-night stand.
I snicker before I start to pull away. “What? I’m just trying to congratulate you on your success,” I defend in an attempted innocent voice. Of course, when am I ever innocent though?
That’s why he didn’t reply to Tony and instead stared out at the slow waves. Steve had a crush – if that’s what modern people call it these days – on Tony. There was no doubt. The question, though, was how much they were beginning to develop.
There was a pause before the toast popped up, and Steve grabbed the butter from the fridge. “Anyone out on a mission today? I haven’t checked my phone yet today,” He spoke before he chuckled to himself. “I honestly can’t remember where I put it.”
Tony tsked. “Technology, sweetheart. I’m not going to bother explaining it when I’m not happy with you. And I doubt you’d understand it anyways. No offense.”
Tony immediately looked down to his chest and his eyes widened before he tore his shirt off with a wince. “Fuck-! It fucking burned me!” He exasperated.
He took a deep breath then rubbed his hands over his face as if to scrub away the panic that was creeping up his spine. Control. He needed control.
I put my hands up in defense. “Don’t mind me. I’ll just be getting my beauty rest.” I grin slightly before I start to move around and get comfy for the ride.
“Wait—What does that mean?” Steve tried to ask, but Tony had already slipped away and through the crowd.
He launched himself over to the last dealer standing and retched his shield out from the now abandoned weapon. “Ah -Fuck!” Steve heard come from Tony, who sounded in pain and distress.
Steve drowned out the rest of the news anchor as he shot off the couch and stumbled into the bedroom. “Tony!” He exclaimed as he pulled the covers off the other man. “You need to wake up, Tones.”
“Take your shirt off and lay on your stomach,” Steve told Tony softly before he blushed. “F-For a massage! Your back – I was going to help soothe your back with a massage,” He rambled once he got a strange yet seemingly intrigued look from Tony.
Steve didn’t know quite how to respond to that. He smiled a bit to himself before he bit into his burger. He was relaxed – at least more so than throughout most of his day. And it was all thanks to Tony.
Steve arched an eyebrow up before he grabbed his sweat rag, wiping at his forehead with it. “He did. Is this what you want to talk about? Because I already have some strategies—”
Tony had lowered his hands since Thor was now in the room, but he tried to keep his guard up. Though he turned his full attention to Steve, a look on his face that meant he knew what Loki was getting at. “Steve…” His voice sounded burdened.
“If I may ask, where exactly are we, and why?” Tony questioned once he took the chance to look around.
“No, it’s not, Rogers,” I deadpan as I stop in front of the bench press station. “Did Fury talk to you yet?”
“Sir, you only have fifteen minutes before you are supposed to meet in the garage as the Captain instructed.”
Steve nodded and took a deep breath, letting his eyes close. Captain America doesn’t freak out. Not again. Not so many times… “I’m sorry. I know that’s not like me. I—” Steve pinched the bridge of his nose.
With that Steve took off out their garage. Tony yelped then grumbled as he securely wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist. Tony didn’t try to argue, because deep down he knew it was true.
Today, unlike yesterday – the dream, Steve busted the punching bag and sent it flying across the room.
Steve went to tell Tony to focus, but the door cracked open to reveal one of the dealers with a gun – one of the alien weapons. He held the weapon in front of him defensively, his eyes skeptical and cold. He wasn’t who Steve was looking for.
It must be a new record. Maybe it’s the prospect of a vacation, even if it isn’t technically a vacation. Heaven knows we both need one though. The whole team does, except Barton. He’s already away with his family.
Tony’s grip tightened, and he put his face against Steve’s rather large back, so he was shielded from the wind. But mainly to be shielded from the bugs.
All of those approximately 90 Thursdays were all in his head. They would never be real, but simply parts of his imagination. Something that will haunt his dreams along with everything else that already does.
Tony took the medicine before he trudged into the living room with a grumpy face. He was tired and hungover and not expecting Steve Rogers to still be in his suite. “What the fuck?”
Steve’s flip phone was on his belt. It looked out of place with his uniform, yet somehow part of it.
Tony stuck a hand out to stop Steve and hit his chest, then quickly retracted his hand when he realized it was Steve’s bare chest. “What, in that water? It’s not even the end of spring so it’ll still be cold.” Steve gave Tony this look before it dawned on Tony. “Right. Serum. Falling into ice.” Tony patted Steve’s shoulder.
Without any further delay, he began pulling his cock out, only an inch or two, before pushing back in. Tony had barely started to acclimate to the intrusion, which meant he'd have to take it slow for a while, let him get used to it until he could started up a proper rhythm.
"Oh, dear Lucia was nice enough for a night, but I'll admit, the things she had to say were considerably more interesting than her bosom, and I do not utter such words lightly."
Tony wheezed an unintelligible sound. Then, he held a finger up, imploring them to wait as he lifted his head from the pillow and turned it to shoot Steve a lopsided grin.
It wasn't long after the Avengers moved into the tower together to fully embrace their status as a team that he'd begun explaining the ways of Asgardian sexuality to the lot of them. Back then, just after Loki and everything that came to pass in New York, they'd still been treading carefully around another and evaluating boundaries – Thor's
It takes a little encouragement to get him to move. Tony's grip on the armrest is white-knuckled, fingers digging into the leather; his flesh hand leaves a dent but the metal one rips a hole into the stuffing. He uses it for support to heave himself up, up, up until Steve's slid out most of the way, then whimpers when he goes back down, gnawing at his lip until blood colors it as red as the lipstick does Romanoff's.
Before Tony gets to call out, she's gone. He's too overwhelmed to scream in grief or frustration, instead opting to nurse the wounds that have never healed in silence as the likenesses of more people pass by. The man in the uniform that makes Steve's eyes widen in recognition is a Howling Commando, and the one in the lab coat is Abraham Erskine, whose research Tony spent years obsessing over during the worst part of his Captain America phase in his early teens.
They work the plan over yet again, solving strategic weak points that Stark is all too happy to point out. Closed doors shouldn’t pose a problem anymore – with his knowledge of the technology within the train, it’s practically impossible to keep them out.
She nodded, “Indeed. Now, be good and escort yourself there, will you? There seem to be a million things that require my attention today and it is not even noon yet.”
For all that the matter should've already been taken care of, Steve takes his sweet time prepping him. Partly because the plug is still considerably smaller than he is, and in part because he loves seeing Tony squirm and bite his lips until they're red and swollen with it.
When Tony enters the otherwise empty conference room, the man’s standing at the window with his back to the entrance, muttering to himself. The moment the door falls close behind him, Ross turns. It seems almost Pavlovian, how his expression darkens as they come face to face.
They're out of rhythm. Everything is uncoordinated and messy, but Tony bucks back against him and then Steve bows him further over the counter, and somehow it’s one of the hottest things he’s ever done. Steve’s hands fit themselves over Tony’s that are still gripping the edge of the counter for all he’s worth.
It takes him a few minutes to get it together and follow Tony outside. Steve traces his footprints in the grass down to the lake. He lowers his feet to the planks heavier than necessary to alert Tony to his arrival, and after a moment's hesitation, sits down next to him.
He tilts his head in response to Tony’s question. “Not directly. We tracked him down a few weeks after the Decimation and Thor chopped his head off. Five years later, we found a way to go back in time, collect the Stones and reverse the Snap,” he says and pauses for a moment. “Wait, it was different here?”
At that, Steve recoils from him, maybe a foot or so. A muscle in his jaw tics, and then he breaks their eye contact by shaking his head. When he looks back at Tony, his eyes are glazed over. Tony sees him gripping the strap on the shield out of the corner of his eye, but he doesn't pay attention because he's preoccupied with the fact that
Tony has spent a considerable amount of his time in said saloon drinking, as one does. In truth, it's the only thing to do in this god-forsaken place. The locals haven't been privy to a brothel or any other form of entertainment in ages, and so visitors and townsfolk alike flock to the establishment like vultures to a fresh carcass.
After a long and tiring fight that cost many a brave man his life, Anthony too was gravely injured by a wound in the abdomen. He seemed to understand it as his duty to perform one last heroic act, fending off the burning steel in the tyrant’s hand with only his armored forearm to distract his opponent long enough to bring up his own sword and stab it clear through the titan's throat.
offended that Steve thought it acceptable to skip the morning cuddles. Tony allows himself to lounge for a while, peels the sheets off and lets the sunlight warm his skin. Only for a while, because then he sees the number blinking at him from the digital clock on the nightstand and figures he’ll at least be in for some pancakes if he gets up now.
So too was this feast an opportunity, and the young ladies who'd come chaperoned by their fathers, uncles or brothers received their share of adoration from the Lord as well, no more and no less.
This is the one day he hoped and prayed would never come. All because he's been inattentive; had he been more mindful, it wouldn't have happened. But no. He failed Tony in this one duty of his that was essential, that came above all else, even before loving him.
The agents hurry from one corner of the property to the other to store everything back in the vans they arrived in before the rain announcing itself on the horizon sets in. One man gives Tony, watching from the sidelines with a smug quirk to his lips and crossed arms, the dirty side-eye as he jogs past.
Steve leans back, looking into the air with a contemplative wrinkle between his brows. "Chances are there are more clusters around, but something of this scale? Clones sound a little ambitious."
It took its time, but when Anthony eventually came around, he quickly began to seek out Bruce's company every day anew.
After a while, Tony trots down to the kitchen, stretching his arms over his head through a content yawn. The first order of business is coffee, but then he decides to take a shot at breakfast again. He's been told his last batch of omelets was only a minor insult to a self-respecting person's taste buds.
He manages to sneak back into the SHIELD facility at Camp Leigh with surprising ease. It's amazing how easily people will accept you in their space as long as you act like you're supposed to be there.
Tony backs off not suddenly but gradually, their lips' uncoupling stretching into infinity for a long moment until the point of contact is no more. The bliss, however, ends rather abruptly when Steve's met with the storm of emotions in the other's eyes.
Now, Rogers does turn around, a scowl hardening his features. If he's doing him the favor of looking at him because he has just finished his work or because he needs to be scowling at Tony for what comes next is anyone’s guess.
Tony stills. He throws the book back onto the bedroll where he picked it up from, suddenly overwhelmed. His head snaps in the direction of the tent, but Rogers is still sleeping soundly, entirely unaware of what has just transpired.
invaded the Iron Castle. Admittedly, it had been a spur-of-the-moment decision, but she believed she now had a point to prove.
As soon as his attention was called for, however, he looked up at the King, imposing in his dark robes and strongly contrasting crown. He was sure he would find out soon enough why it was that Anthony wore a satisfied smile and the King a mildly disgruntled expression.
Ever since, the castle had grown towers and barricades and dungeons at a pace like no other; the old rock and the new alike held their own against a dozen armies and many more dozen cold winters, awarding it the name it carried the fateful day a lowborn mother carried her son inside the castle gates.
Steve gets up and takes one last look around. The Tesseract is gone; he isn't sure whether to be glad or annoyed about that development, but he'll try to stay positive for now. It's the only thing he
This guy here looks just the part of the weary traveller who'd rather spend a night in the almost ghost town that is Red Rock instead of sleeping out in the open. As uninviting as it may be, it's better than to risk being mugged or murdered in your sleep somewhere in these parts. The town hasn't got any law enforcement save for a few residents with rifles and half-decent aim, but it's enough to keep the worst scum lurking out there from shooting up the place.
. “You really are unbelievable,” he says, but there’s no heat behind the words. He seems rather fond.
Steve admits to himself that Stark's claims must be true when they first lay out their plans for him and explain their progress so far, which has the omega cutting in after only a moment to point out all the inconsistencies he's found. He's almost mad, at first, because Stark is right – the time it takes the guards to engage the safety protocols should suffice for them to make it from the first to the fourth security door, but there's too many unknown variables for the odds to be in their favor.
Steve purposely keeps his eyes down and fixated on his own hands, but he can't help but notice Tony shifting minimally, his stance infused with a sudden tension as he does.
Tony isn't sure if he's supposed to respond to the insult because truth is, he isn't much to look at. Small frame, almost sickly pale and that's not to mention his still shaking hands that are on full display when the rangers bring their loaded caravan of mules over and he has to tie them to his saddle in exchange for the other ones.
Anthony was leading the animals outside the stables when Steven arrived with the last bag of garments and linen they had forgotten to bring with them from the castle. He could not keep from smiling brightly at the other man once they had locked eyes, their combined excitement electrifying the air.
When he managed to draw his eyes away from Tony and looked over, the rest of the team was lounging in different poses all over the bed; Clint with his head on Nat's stomach, Bruce flopped over Thor's front, one large hand resting on his back.
He had been disproportionately big even before the serum, and that bodily feature was increased tenfold after the fact. In reality, he'd never felt as smug about that particular result of his transformation as one might assume. With his girth and length, penetrative sex inevitably became a hardship, and until Tony, it had always scared off rather than attracted people.
Unsurprisingly, he can already feel an ache building up in his low back, and his neck has been stiff ever since their first go when he just
He's returned from his run and finds Tony in the kitchen, putting used dishes in the washer. There's two half-empty cups of coffee on the counter waiting to be put away. He points at them, inquisitive, "Visitors?"
Romanoff nods as if to accept the apology. Steve doesn't see why she would play along other than to humor him, so he considers it a point in his book.
He swallows instead, frozen in the moment. Steve's eyes are fixed on his, and he's not blinking. Tony's lungs decide to stop working. He thought he could-- he could do it, if he had to. For the universe's sake.
Tony crawls into his lap. Four knocks. Three would be under the desk, and two would mean on the rug in front of it. Steve preens a little at how well he's taken to this new system. He doesn't know how it's different from being told 'Sit on my cock', 'Give me your mouth' or 'Ass-up on the floor'. Maybe something to do with dignity or a sentiment equally misplaced.
Underneath it all, he might just despise Stone with the combined fervor of the whole entire tail end.
And then again, later, against the window overlooking the city, because Romanoff's words have left him feeling that kind of way.
There’s nothing here, but he needs there to be something. Because he can’t sleep next to Steve even though he wants to, and he can’t bear his touches even if he aches for them, and he’s tired from not sleeping at all or sleeping and dreaming and he just wants it to
Rogers grimaces in something akin to sympathy and huffs a breath, helpless. The warm air forms little clouds of white in front of his mouth. His lips move, red and chapped from exposure, and Tony doesn't have the presence of mind to pay attention. The man's stubble is a fine dusting of dark blond hair still, but give it a few days and he's going to be sporting a beard. Maybe he'll grow it out; it might help against wind and weather a little, come to think of it.
Soon enough, he discovers some differences too. Steve can't help but think that the Tony he knew would be delighted to find out that there's a Tony shorter than him, somewhere in the multiverse. The man's not only shorter, but all in all...
Tony follows their line of sight and sees it: on top of the embankment they’re approaching, the imposing silhouette of a wolf has appeared. It still is a considerable distance away, but the horse has evidently picked up the scent. Tony muses that the animal might just be part of the pack they scared off a few weeks prior – could be they migrated down here in search for prey.
The first thing he becomes aware of is more of a thought than a bodily sensation. Surprise. He didn’t think he would manage to fall asleep – he’d prepared to lie awake throughout the long hours of the night, thoughts looping inside his mind, prodding and never-ending. There was no more planning to do; they had it all figured out, every contingency and minute detail taken care of. Everything left to do now was hoping it’d work, even with the odds stacked so incredibly high against them.
Tony, for the first time in a long time, carries just the hint of a smile again, and his stance is infused with a distinct self-assurance it’s been sorely lacking so far.
When he pushes the door open, he finds Tony not buried in the guts of a car, or below one, or just tinkering with any piece of tech at all. Instead, he's sitting at the workbench at the far wall of the room, holograms throwing streaks of blue all over the otherwise dimly lit room.
Klynn, in common parlance aptly titled the land where the rivers meet, lay just north of their homeland. The party was forced to negotiate a steep mountain passage to reach the swampland where the battles currently raged; while they did not suffer any losses on their journey, the knowledge that it was bound to happen all the same hung heavy in the air.
When he's made himself presentable again and the house is still quiet, Steve chances a glance at the clock in the kitchen. It's past noon already, and from what he can tell, lunch hasn't been served yet. Tony seemed appreciative enough of his cooking last time – considering he said so himself, he surely wouldn't mind a repeat instance of it.
Then, when Tony turns to sit, he remembers himself. "I didn't know whether you'd want one, but there's enough, if you like," Steve says and points at the still considerably large stack of omelets in front of him. When the other man eyes it in indecision, he quickly scrambles for words, "Really, they're not half bad."
Stark’s push-and-pull motions immediately jerk to a halt, like thunderstruck. He turns his head to look at Steve out of the corner of his eye, the lack of distance between their faces only becoming noticeable now. “Because I didn’t want you to,” he says, flippant in a way that is clearly meant to distract from the red tinge in his cheeks. Steve isn’t sure if it’s to do with his still heightened body temperature or something else entirely, but he’s got a good guess.
He didn’t prepare to see his end dying of thirst, starving, bleeding, galaxies upon galaxies away from home.
it goes, rapid and distressed as it drowns out everything in his vicinity like having wrapped him in a cocoon of cotton candy.
While Rogers keeps preparing the firewood, Tony finishes his task and then starts to transfer everything they’ll need inside – supplies, blankets, spare pots and pans, and an armful of candles for when the kerosene runs out. They don’t have any fuel with them that Tony can see, and the lamps inside aren’t oil ones. (You don't want to put oil in a kerosene lamp; Tony tried once, and burned his eyebrows off. Who knew you could look hideous just losing some facial hair?)
The mischievous smirk Anthony directed at Steven as soon as they had reached open land was met with an incredulous laugh.
There were hymns and hero's tales written about this Lord, yet she could not see how or why the Lord Rhodes she knew would speak so highly of this man.
In the evening, he enters the garage to (maybe) convince Tony to come out and eat dinner, especially since he hasn't had lunch. Steve doesn't feel he has the right to argue with him about his eating habits; while they've spent a considerable amount of time in the other's presence and are far from strangers, well…
It won't be too long now – he can tell the beginnings of his knot forming at the base of his cock, making the drag in and out of Stark's hole more difficult by the minute.
Tony thinks that might've been one of the better lies he's come up with. God knows he doesn't give two shits about who enters and leaves this establishment, but he'd rather tell the man that than the truth, which is that he's the first person Tony's found worth looking at ever since arriving in Red Rock.
Looks like he’s going to be sporting a mark of ownership for the next week or so. Tony would pretend to be annoyed, but they both know he’s going to be flaunting it until someone will make him cover up because the implications apparently are too much for the gaggle of 12 year olds that the world calls Earth's Mightiest Heroes.
“Alright, I don’t need to listen to this. If this gets out, it’ll reflect badly on everyone here, the press can’t know, I have the worst timing, you're the hero who cleans up everyone's mess. That check about everything on your list? Hell, I’ll disappear for a few months if I have to. Thinking about it, yeah. I’m going to walk out on you, and then you can tell me all about how that worked out for–“
"Well, I may have overestimated my abilities a tad and consequently been thrown off that devil of a horse during a, uh, vault over the river," he allowed, eyes narrowing when Rogers lifted his eyebrows urging him to go on. "I
The first Starks had erected the eastern watchtower and the innermost walls longer than five centuries ago, right upon the hill above the town of Hattam, with the mountains at back and the city walls in front.
Steve distantly remembers being like that. Once. They never believe him unless he tells the whole story–the one that involves the chapter where they dragged him away, into the underground labs, those that run the kind of experiments not even a corporation with an influence the likes of Hi-dra can let the public know of.
“And you need to get off your high fucking horse! I’m a notorious, good-for-nothing drunk – Congratulations, Rogers, you got to the bottom of it! Doesn’t mean you have the right to treat me like an
Tony moans through clenched teeth, peeking through the slit of his half-lidded eyes to witness Steve's coming undone. The exact moment he reaches his climax, Steve buries himself up to the balls with a hard shove and a guttural groan, chin falling to his chest and fingers digging into Tony's thighs in a way that'll leave bruises of unmistakable origin.
her dad's) shrieks when the both of them stage a squirt gun battle in the backyard. They're dripping with lake water quickly, and as the temperatures don't allow for prolonged bouts of that sort of activity anymore, they trot past Steve into the house soon after.
"My one condition being that you keep this thing up," Tony says, going for casual as he waves his hand around in front of him in a way of extremely poor explanation.
The glide is so smooth–flawlessly engineered by none other than himself–Tony barely feels the blade until it comes out the other side.
His being turns staccato, his lips twitch, hiding a laugh or a sob. The metronome gets stuck halfway to horizontal, loses the secure
The man kicks out, albeit feebly, when Steve zips his pants open. He considers putting the cuffs on, then decides against it. Stark wants to resist a little, make the encounter more memorable for both of them? Steve won't stop him. His dick agrees, already tenting his pants in a manner that's bordering on impossible to ignore.
And it was fun enough, when he was younger – and he's a lot of things, but that he isn't anymore – but it lost prevalence in favor of other things. Maybe it was part of him growing up, growing into this role he'd forged for himself in the cave, and that was fine. He'd nonetheless dress up occasionally, get particularly fancy or a little risqué when he dared, only now for outings and events at least tangentially related to Avengers business.
Steve is about to lean away, but then stops dead in his tracks when he catches a whiff of a strange smell – one that’s definitely not the Kronole. This scent isn’t predominantly burnt and sour; in truth, it’s not unpleasant at all.
Tony bares his throat to give him better access, his breath stuttering for a moment. "Ah, no," he says, the secrecy deliberate. "Not quite yet."
wouldn’t want it any other way. Not that he’s got any processing capacity left to contemplate alternate scenarios when all he can think about is the friction of Steve’s palm and the drag of the cock inside him.
Biting his lip–and biting it bloody–Tony rises back up, feeling Steve’s gaze burning holes into his skin. (There’s the matchbox.) The back of his neck heats with a pleasant shade of humiliation that comes from being watched in one’s pleasure.
He urges Steve to hurry as they wave through the crowd in the narrow corridor and only slows down once they’ve made it to the front, the commotion there uncharacteristic for such a regular occurence. Buck gestures for him to keep going and Steve complies, intrigued by the strange atmosphere in the room. Most people make way as they squeeze past, having long taken to his silently determined leadership position.
Steve thought he agreed and he could hear himself hum, but the thought was of little importance at the moment and this noise was one that directly correlated with the feel of Tony around him, all-encompassing, a velvety embrace of white-hot heat and pressure just on the side of too much.
"I am not doing this here. We will have to wait," he said, voice firm so as to not leave room for arguments.
"I wonder," he said, inaudible but for a low rasp, "what they would think of this. Don't you, My Lord? Just
Distantly, Steve was aware of the others in the room, various sounds of pleasure and skin on skin reaching his ears as they, too, got to enjoy the final act of this frankly magnificent performance. And Tony – Steve groaned again as the delicious heat swallowed him – Tony was the best of them all.
Throughout the evening, he would entertain and joke with his guests like not even the jester of the court could, and laughter filled the hall at all times. His humor was as quick-witted as the man himself and by the end of it, he had charmed every Lady in his presence, no matter whether she had a husband sitting to her left or not.
Nervous tension leaves the man in a shuddering breath. Steve hurriedly sheds his coat and then swings one leg up next to him, nudging him to make his intentions known. Stark moves over, but he's still taking up too much space with his legs spread apart and, well, they'll have to change things up in any case. The bunks here– missionary just doesn’t work that well.
Steve isn't sure where to he's walking. Away from the destruction, away from the ruins that he's once considered home.
He clears his throat, and the voice he's speaking in next sounds nothing like the person he's trying to mimick, but that's obviously intentional.
He doesn't have it in him to bring it up that very night, but the next day he mentions the rather obvious fact while they’re preparing lunch.
Steve's frozen in place and observes with gradually widening eyes as the other man leans closer, slow enough to think it through, slow enough to give him an out. Slow enough for both of them to realize what's happening long before their lips meet.
To this day, Steve doesn’t have the least notion of where his hideout is located. There would be a great deal of useful information and prototypes to be discovered in that place, but he knows not to push his luck. The company wants Stark, they’ll get Stark. He isn’t doing additional homework to get a gold star on his resume. They never thought to write off more debt per target neutralized just because he was especially thorough.
He puts his gear down by one wall and observes Tony as he throws his own backpack onto the counter at the back, proceeding to browse through the various cupboards and otherwise promising looking furniture. The few scraps he finds he pockets securely in his rucksack, and when he’s done stripping the place for all its worth, he grabs his water bottle to first take a few generous gulps and then clean off the worst of the blood.
Tony is half reclining against Steve’s chest, the other man’s hand clamped in his as he twirls the bracelet around Steve's wrist. It’s too tight to slip up or down but loose enough to move. Tony thinks it’s one of his better designs, especially with that holo-shield he managed to fit into the paper-thin casing. Multi-purpose is his thing.
It does little to protect from the hungry stares he receives. Someone behind Steve mutters, “Big man’s throwin’ away his toys now, too?” and a few people chuckle darkly in response. The omega meets their looks with his good eye, apprehension tangible as he shuffles backward inch by inch.
does he get this? Being filled and connected with this man in every sense. Tony trembles, his own personal earthquake shaking through him as all the built-up tension leaves him in a rush.
Tony’s response is a long-drawn ‘uh’, visibly overwhelmed by the sudden demand. His daughter rolls her eyes playfully and doesn’t seem to want to wait for him to solve the riddle, because she tells him, “Broke my record. Tell him, JARVIS!”
The attack is sudden, and it gets ugly just as fast. Steve can’t even contemplate what might’ve encouraged the group to move to this part of town, can’t allow himself to be distracted for even a moment if he wants to retain even the sliver of a chance to get both of them out of this alive.
Steve doesn't plan on making him wait. He doesn't think he'd be able to, even if he wanted – his fingers are itching to touch, his rational mind clouded with the frankly intoxicating scent, and his every muscle taut in preparation for what's to come.
Peter squared his jaw. He may not be able to relieve the Lord of all those thoughts and somber what-ifs, but he could lift one worry off his mind.
“I can’t,” Stark breathes with the last wisp of air he manages to force out of his lungs, the words near inaudible, “breathe. You’ll kill me before... you get...”
“Think I met my maker there for a second,” Tony jokes. Steve hums in agreement as he brushes one hand through his sweat-damp hair, scratching his scalp gently. “And to think you almost decided to miss out on that,” he tuts, grin plastered across every syllable, “unbelievable.”
He shudders as he feels Steve's spend painting his insides, a rush of warm liquid in his gut. It's a sensation that is as strange as it is arousing, and he clenches around Steve's length until the other man has stopped rutting through his orgasm. Steve's eyes flutter open, his expression positively dazed but also weirdly lovestruck, and Tony feels his throat tighten as Steve's gaze lingers.
Tony comes first, his spine bowing in pleasure. The metal gleams beautifully in the light overhead. Steve follows.
"Kiss different, too," he mumbles, voice inexplicably hoarse. Maybe it's the shock or an instinctual defense mechanism that makes him want to take the moment to bend and twist it until it's stripped of meaning.
“This is just for you,” Steve says, meeting Tony's backside with a push of his hips. “Always. Just you. You do this to me, Tony.”
Tony dares to look over, sees two emotions fighting within him, indrawn anger and sympathy on either side of the rope. It's on Tony to decide which one he's going to aid.
Not in those moments he's bruised and beaten and the man he would give his life for fixing haunted eyes on him as if he's contemplated taking it without a thought just then.
James considered this to be a rather strange way to introduce oneself, but he was tired from the long day and aching in his back since he'd fallen off his mount as someone put an arrow clean through its head, and could not be bothered to make a mention of it.
The fresh, midsummer breeze is perfect, the sun high on the cloudless sky and the temperatures bearable.
He drops his hands to his sides again, fingers digging angry half-moons into his palms as he continues to study himself, digging up every flaw with a gaze that has the edge of a scalpel, ready to pick out and analyze his innermost impurities.
Tony feels a tired but warm smile overtaking his features almost instantly. He wipes his hands on the fancy napkin and then reaches out for Steve's that's laying palm up on the table, fiddling with one end of his own, unused napkin–a nervous habit Tony has only ever observed in himself.
"Jeez, Tony, you're," Steve's voice is breathy, and he has to swallow before he continues. "You're so–I can't believe you'd think you can't keep up with
Steve fucks like it's his last time, buries himself deep and spills his release with a shout and the image of Stark wrapped in colorful silk cloths hovering in front of his inner eye.
Compliments tailored to his emotional and personal values? Psh. Hell no. Tony'd choose having his guts rearranged over that any day.
He automatically begins to shake his head to himself in response to Steve's words, small, almost unnoticeable movements that in spite of their nature don't go by Steve even for a moment, perceptive as he is.
Hilarious, that thought. As if there are still sides, as if this thing hasn’t ruined the both of them.
"We agreed, right?" Steve speaks up suddenly, words cutting through the quiet. When Tony looks up at him, he exhales a long breath that turns into small clouds of steam in the cold. "Whatever it takes, Tony."
Now formally admitted into the Iron Guard, he was gifted the signature steel-blue armor of the Stark’s household guard, their family insignia – two silver forging hammers crossed over one another – engraved in the chest piece and helm.
At the first touch, Steve tenses. He squeezes around Tony's fingers as if to ask whether he's sure and when Tony returns the gesture, his posture relaxes momentarily and he receives a grateful smile. After a bout of unnerving silence, Steve is the first to speak up.
Once Steve's finger is engulfed up to the second knuckle in the warm sleeve of Stark's asshole, it takes all the willpower left within him not to immediately replace the one digit with his dick. Resisting the temptation is torturous, but he can’t very well send Stark to medical right away. Pierce won’t mind if he’s a little banged up–he will be worse off once they begin breaking him in–but his employer won’t take kindly to irreversible damages done.
For a moment, he's uneasy. There's copper on his tongue when he swipes it over the patch of skin he's gnawed the top layer off. Steve's hands dig into his hips and Tony thinks, morbidly, that this man could crush him and take him without breaking a sweat and Tony would be able to do nothing at all.
The sleep in Tony's features makes way for a groggy smile. "Alright. Breakfast first, bathroom second, and then you can go," he allows, eyes softening as his daughter jumps in delight. She grabs her bowl of Fruit Loops and sits at the table across from Steve, shoveling spoonfuls into her mouth at record speed until Tony tells her to slow down.
"Got a cut there. We should clean that," he says, but his gaze isn't focused on the matter at hand anymore. His eyes have wandered down, and that's Tony's mouth he's looking at now. Tony holds his breath in anticipation, but nothing happens.
Steve gets a rhythm going, not pulling out fully but enough the push inside is rewarding. Tony’s wrists tire of the position quickly, so he lowers himself onto his chest and forearms but keeps his ass raised for Steve to pound into.
about any of this! You were in no way familiar with that animal and did not have the faintest notion how it would handle that jump."
Tony gives himself ten seconds to calm his spiking heart rate, then sucks in a deep breath and rolls Steve's body to the side with one hard push. Strangely, he's still unable to move away. Tony notices the iron grip which the other man has around his closed fist, restricting his range of movement. After a moment of consideration, he attempts to pry Steve's fingers off, but not even his pinky budges half an inch. No such luck; it really is an
“Let’s get this over with,” he tells Stark, like they’ve been casually conversing the entire time, and fishes the small disc out of the pouch on his utility belt.
At JARVIS' thorough explanation, Tony smiles, and declares his daughter will later have to show him exactly how she did it – Steve watches the endearing scene between the two from the sidelines despite himself, and quickly turns to sort their used plates into the dishwasher once he notices.
Steve’s been wondering about the smell ever since he’s entered the front wagon. It's a sweet, distinct fragrance he couldn’t pin down for the life of him because he hasn’t scented it in
Someone sounds an affirmative, and he nods. “Good. We can't risk him getting his hands on all of them. Which means you, Wanda–you need to be ready to destroy the stone if there’s even the shred of a doubt that we can take him.”
It makes sense, suddenly. Their differences, their intentions so similar yet always explosive, like stars colliding. Two sides of the same coin.  Never being able to let go, incapable of loving less in spite of all the sorrow, anger and betrayal. Hurting with their own failure when apart, but all the stronger for it once reunited.
In light of everything he has to have been through, reduced to a pretty face next to Stone's larger-than-life persona, used for his abilities and finally robbed of his creations as Stone carried off the laurels – there's not much animosity toward the former first-class in Steve left.
Tony's walls squeeze around him, his hands curled into fists over his thighs. Steve feels him trembling against him. Evidently, not only being made to sit still but having no choice but to listen
And when he walked in on his friend fervently kissing the stable boy with all the clumsiness of a young love one morning, James understood why.
Instead, after battling with himself and finding his self-control sorely lacking, he fumbles for the phone in the second drawer from the top. He flips it open and discovers–because of course he should be that lucky–an unread message blinking at him from the notification bar. The rational thing to do would be to delete it, or maybe throw the whole phone across the room and hope it breaks (which is a distant hope at best, these things are bricks) but he finds himself frozen and his breath catching in his throat.
While Steven tied the last bag to his mount, Anthony swung up onto his mare's back. She nickered alarmingly for a reason he couldn't seem to determine until he looked up and found Peter approaching them at a speed that had turned his face red.
"It was, uh, nice, though," Bruce said, briefly glancing at everyone in the room to see their nods of agreement. "I mean, if you guys ever feel like repeating this, I don't think any of us would decline."
It’s then, when he buries his nose in Steve’s old shirts and pretends it isn’t his own hand resting over his belly, that he finally feels her kick for the first time.
But then, the sky opens and alights with sparks. He watches as the lost heroes emerge from dozens of portals and it might be one of the most beautiful things he's ever had the fortune of witnessing.
Then, Rogers makes an inquisitive sound and nudges him. Oh, right – he's supposed to open his mouth and answer.
The man appeared stunned for a moment, but chuckled in amusement and then took her hand when she offered it for a handshake. His grip was firm but not uncomfortably so, and the thoughts reflected in his eyes were of the opposite nature than Hammer's had been, who had brimmed with judgment and disdain for her people.
There's the scrape of a chair against the floor and then a hand comes to rest on his shoulder cautiously, as if Steve isn't sure whether it's a comfort or will only fuel his anxiety. Funnily enough, Tony doesn't know either.
It means the days are shorter, and the wait until the saloon opens and he can repeat last night's proceedings is less tedious.
Nobody, and especially not an outcast first-class, speaks to or about his people like they're sheep to be herded into a dark place and forgotten about until there comes such a time when they might prove useful in some way or another.
The man whips his head around to look at him and, when he spots Steve's face in the doorframe, huffs in defeat, not even seeming mad or anything of the sort. Not angry, not annoyed, just… tired.
Tony doesn't answer but neither does he argue, and that's enough. He might never truly forgive Steve, or trust him again; it's alright, Steve prepared for it. But he thinks–he thinks Tony understands, and that is not to say he anywhere near agrees or thinks that what has been done was justified, but he gets it.
They don't move and don't talk for a while. There was a time when that would've made his skin crawl with discomfort–he's never liked silence, and his
he needs someone to make sure they don't all keel over dead throughout the winter," he explains, pausing for a moment while his gaze shifts off to the side in thought. "Say, ah, you wouldn't know anyone willing to work a job like that? It's no lone man's business up in these mountains, and frankly, I have no desire to be that man. Pay ain't half bad, though."
Steven stared for a moment, stunned to the point his mouth fell agape. Then, he slumped into the overstuffed armchair behind, pinching the bridge of his nose in soundless defeat.
He would have offered a sip of some strong spirit as well, but he knew better; Anthony Stark had not been a drunkard in a long time, and Bruce was not going to be the one to break the man's resolve when he was out of his mind with pain.
He pauses, unsure of how to continue. She takes his silence as a deliberate pause, nodding hesitantly in response to his words.
A collective sigh of disappointment emerges from the group. Somebody intones an, "Aw, come on, it was just getting good," and the only female alpha in the party snarls at Bucky in passing when he gestures for them to clear out. In the end, they all leave though, more or less without a greater fuss.
It's scary to a degree, because in the end, this is testament to the grip Steve has on him, the power he has over his emotions and the ease with which he could turn that against him. Tony only entertains that thought for a moment, and then he makes the conscious decision to abandon it because he loves Steve and he
Tony staggers back as though the words came with their own, physical shockwave. "Are you out of your mind?"
The flesh wound in his leg is still throbbing, a consistent burn, not bleeding but not yet healed. There's an ache between his ribs and in his jaw and shoulder, proof of the war and the authenticity of it. This is happening. It's real, it's happening, it's
Long before the Earth froze over in the aftermath of a failed, last-ditch attempt to curb catastrophic global warming, Stone had begun to promote this project as his, and his alone: A train track circumventing the entire planet with a one-mile train running on it that would be entirely self-sufficient in its power, food and water supply.
The sound gets stuck in his throat as he catches his reflection in the mirror. His gaze is drawn to the blue-purple splotches on his hip and the finger-shaped bruises wrapping around his waist. Like Steve’s hands did yesterday.
He doesn’t manage to fall asleep just yet but is content to stay there, close to Tony in the soft glow of the crackling fire. When he closes his eyes, he can
"Can I please get the boat after breakfast? You don't even have to watch, I promise I'll be careful," she says, talking so quickly she stumbles over her words. She eyes Tony with a sweet smile and adds pleadingly, "Pleeease?"
," Stark wheezes through a relieved exhale as he lays eyes on Steve, his pupils dilated to the point black dominates his brown irises.
As soon as she's out the door, Steve pushes Tony off his lap and bends him over the desk instead. One hand in his hair roughly mashing his face into polished ebony and the other bruising his hip, Steve thrusts into him without consideration or grace. His movements are sloppy and uncoordinated for their desperation, and it all falls apart in minute's time.
Steve almost utters an outright growl at the statement–because who is she to insinuate what he's to do with his conquest–but gets a grip on himself in the last moment.
Steve is breathing heavily in his ear when he finally slows. Tony’s arms shake and he utters a surprised yelp as Steve releases him and he barely manages to keep himself from falling. One hand squeezes his neck and brushes down his spine before it falls away, only the shadow of it lingering in the shape of gooseflesh covering Tony’s skin.
anything, right?" he asks, all soft and cautious like he hasn’t just implied Tony's been hiding an addiction to hallucinogens for years on end.
FRIDAY tells him the same, and Tony tells her to talk less and speed up instead, despite the obvious fact that she's more than capable of doing both simultaneously.
His arousal grows unbearably painful as he takes in the man laid out in front of him; Stark himself is truly as sinful as his deeds. Some estimate he must’ve been around for over a century by now, but there’s nothing in his appearance that reflects his age. One might dare say it's his own fault for shaping himself into such a creature a man is unable to resist.
The next morning – that's what it is, although they have long stopped to distinguish night and day because there's no such thing here, in this part of the train that shields them from every aspect of the frozen outside world, including vision – when he wakes up, Bucky is soon to arrive by his bed.
Bruce's touch would've been clinical, could have even been mistaken for perfunctory like a doctor's, had it not been for the sweat on the man's brow and the erection tenting his pants.
Tony doesn't want anything big and blames the change of attitude on hormones. Convincing everyone else of that is practically impossible, but he's too tired to be upset about his failed attempts at deception.
Tony Stark sure as hell won't be ordered to sit idle when he knows he can be of use. It's one thing for Rogers to take care of those tasks he's better suited for and hand off the idiot-proof ones that even the most out-of-touch city slicker could manage to Tony, but this is downright ridiculous. Their job up here is one and the same and he'll do his part just as Rogers does, occupational hazards be damned.
"Why? You are kind, compassionate, humble, intelligent, resilient. At times, you see things I do not. I intend to make many more changes until such a time when you would be to take over, but I am limited by my time. You, however? You are– the future."
Steve’s never loved anyone or anything as deeply, as entirely as he does this man. It’s the kind of love that makes you vulnerable and stupid and strips you of all defenses. It’s why they were never going to last; why he knew his day would come–because he can’t live without Tony, and he’ll do things for this love he secretly fears at his core.
Steve strictly refuses to meet the man with kindness and curbs such feelings as soon as he notices one emerge in the depth of his chest, but there are times when he allows himself to feel a certain sympathy.
– Tony feels something curl tight and hot in his chest – maybe he, too, has found himself wanting. And this is where his feelings go, whereas Tony drowns them in drink because while everyone copes differently, this is where their differences truly come to light. Rogers turns the bad into something good, while he only knows to destroy.
When Hammer and his entourage had exited the hall, the deafening silence broke and people slowly returned to their private dialogues. As the many pairs of eyes turned away from him, Sir Rogers exhaled in visible relief but startled when he caught Natasha still observing him.
He casts a glance at Stark who hasn't moved an inch from where he's left him on the floor. For him, Steve feels, it's the opposite. Now that they've come face to face, he draws Steve in unlike anything in this city ever has.
Stark might be the exception to the rule, as much of a curiosity as he is. (Or perhaps especially because he is one.) It is this that drove Steve this far in the first place: icy blue, soft brown underneath and vivid red against lifeless concrete.
“Tony…” Bruce starts, really soft, but then Peter comes back carrying a juice glass and sits down with a big smile on his face.
“Look, it’s been ages since I’ve been able to have a conversation as refreshing as those five minutes I had with Peter...” Tony is determined to show this man that he can be a decent person and that he has the boy’s best interests in mind, even though he doesn’t need to. “Peter reminds me of myself, I remember what it was like to feel like your brain goes twice as fast as everything else and how that can make you feel. I think Peter has great potential and just want to help him…” Tony takes a breath because he got a bit too passionate. “Besides, it’s not like I’m going to vanish from his life, his science teacher is one of my only true friends…” He adds, smiling.
“Here you g… Oh, Sorry!” Steve punts his hand on Tony’s shoulder to keep him from moving. “I didn’t mean to scare you…” He says softly and squeezes Tony lightly before letting go and it may sound cliché, but Tony misses the brief touch immediately.
“Your outrage about muffins… on Saturday? You like him, don’t you?” Tony is about to protest, but then Bruce tilts his head and goes on. “What I don’t get is why would you be upset about liking someone…”
It is so surprisingly good that the only thing that Tony can do is moan. The muffin itself is coffee flavored, it’s so, soft, moist, and intense enough that in itself it would have been one of the best things that Tony has tried, but the surprise dark chocolate core, that is just the right kind of sweet, make him swoon.
It is just before lunch rush hour, and the place seems empty. Tony thinks it is ridiculous how nervous it makes him the thought of walking alone into the cafe as if he has never been alone to a bar or even a club. Even though he does not really want to acknowledge it, it may be because of the fact that he can see, through the glass, that the only person behind the bar is Steve.
“Pardon my friend, but he does know about my taste in men…” Tony whispers before taking the rest of his muffin and walking over to the table, leaving Steve dumbfounded.
Peter starts talking about robotics again and he draws their attention away from Tony’s sentimental issues, which he is really grateful for. Peter can think as fast as Tony does, maybe even faster, and the talk flows smoothly, jumping from one topic to another. He is so immersed in telling Peter how he has programmed his robots to have learning behavior, that he’s startled by a cup suddenly appearing in front of him.
“Is Peter gonna be here sometime soon?” Tony asks eagerly, but Steve’s expression shifts to a suspicious one and he gets worried.
“Okay… Now I feel awful.” Steve says with the cutest pout. “Can I do anything to make it up to you?” He asks earnestly. “I didn’t mean to make you feel bad… It’s just that I get kinda nervous around you…” He says the last part in a very low voice.
“Oh. That sounds actually really good...” He rubs his nape, looking down, and if Tony wasn’t so shaken by what just happened, he may have found it adorable. When Steve looks up, he has a sad expression. “I’m sorry... we are all kinda protective of Peter and...”
“Not intentionally, but I’m sure that you are a very busy man and that you have a lot on your plate...” He takes a deep breath and for a moment Tony contemplates the option of leaving the paperwork and going back to his workshop, but then Steve goes on. “It’s just that Peter has been talking about how amazing you are non-stop since the other day since you were here and talked to him for five minutes tops...”
“What?!” Peter almost jumps from his chair and Tony wants to crawl under the table. “Of course he does!”
“No… My friend Carol, she’s got a bakery nearby and brings us the pastries… I just like to suggest new flavors or mixes for him to try. Did you like it?” He asks, just because.
Tony looks as if he is about to ask something else, but the door opens and Bruce walks in followed by a very excited Peter.
“It’s not just Pepper… You haven’t known me for that long, but I always mess up. Pepper was my last chance and I blew it!” He insists, burying his hands in his hair, he just wants to get his point across and be done with it.
“Wait, Peter. This man needs caffeine to keep this conversation going.” Bruce intervenes after what might have been ten minutes or maybe more. “Why don’t you order us two lattes and whatever you’d like to drink?” He continues, and Peter nods and goes to the bar bouncing on his feet.
Peter is nearly floating with excitement and Tony can only smile at the fond expression he gets from Bruce. He is about to brace himself for another half an hour of an excited teenager when the door opens and a pretty redhead walks in and goes behind the counter. He wouldn’t pay her much more attention, but the way Bruce straightens himself as he watches her put on her apron tells him that he should be paying attention.
“What do you mean you can’t? You obviously do!” Bruce drags his chair closer to Tony. “Look, he is a good guy, I don’t know him that much but everyone seems to love him… Where’s the problem?”
“What are you talking about?” Tony tries, knowing that his friend is aware that something is going on and won’t let it go.
“Mmmh… Can I get one of those delicious muffins? That’d make me feel better…” he says with a wink because even when he is not sure, his first instinct when being around beautiful people is to flirt.
Tony opens his eyes and smiles at him before licking the rest of the chocolate and Steve prays to whoever might be listening that the man doesn’t realize that Steve’s pants have gotten a lot tighter. Thank God for the mandatory apron.
“Hi, Steve!” he shouts, waving and then waves at Tony too as he walks to the table where Bruce is already pulling a chair.
“I was bringing him some info on the training program in robotics that my company funds... I thought he may be interested?” He curses internally that he sounds so unsure. In his mind, this seems like a perfect reason for an adult to be visiting a teenager at his workplace, but maybe Steve will keep thinking that it is odd. The guy’s face immediately turns apologetic, and Tony breathes.
“The fact that it didn’t work out with Pepper doesn’t mean that you are going to mess this up and you know it, Tony.”
“Don’t worry Peter. It’s a joke.” He says because he knows that Bruce, the little shit, is not going to clarify it. “Anyway! What would you say to a Summer internship at Stark Industries?” He was going to suggest it later on, but it seems like the perfect opportunity to divert the attention.
Steve shook his head and pulled Tony into his arms, trying to cover the wound with his hand. “No, Tony. Don’t.” He felt the fear that seeped into his voice. “JARVIS, damage report,” He choked out.
Tony nodded with his eyes closed, his stubble brushing against Steve’s bare chest. “I already had that plan, but good. It’s better that we share the idea.”
By the time Steve decided to stop, it was early in the afternoon and the sun was almost right in the middle of the sky. He had driven for at least seven or so hours, give or take some minutes. He drove himself to a beach, and it took him some navigating through applications on his phone to realize it was in Virginia.
Tony bit his lip for a moment before he got out and followed Steve over to the building. “What’s the plan? Usually you have one.”
“Nope! We’re going to enjoy this extravagant bubble bath I made for you and me to enjoy together before your birthday is officially over,” He paused for a moment and shrugged. “Plus, they do smell good.”
Tony just shrugged before he unbuckled as well. “Of course it’s necessary. Who would I be if I didn’t throw my own boyfriend a party for his birthday?” He winked in Steve’s direction.
“Hey,” An unintended cute pout formed on Steve’s face. “Who’s to say that I’m not just naturally good?”
“There’s still no word from Thor or Bruce?” He questioned before he shook his head. “But none of that is what I’m here for.”
He closed his eyes and bit his lip to keep quiet. Steve let it slip. On one of the Thursdays that Steve admitted everything to Tony, they were having a sensual moment together. It felt nice to be able to be so open with someone again after Bucky, and he knew how Tony felt about a possible relationship. Steve had a little thing for nicknaming people, and Tones was a soft nickname that suited the moment.
“W-What?” He glanced to the edge before he scrambled up to his feet and stepped away. What was he thinking? “Oh, that. I was just trying to look at the city. I’ve only ever been up this high when flying in a jet,” He lied more fluently than what he used to be able to do. He’s had practice at lying.
The tension built up between them as Steve pressed closer to Tony, so their chests were touching. “Tony,” His voice was desperate. “This is what I need.”
Tony nodded and slumped down on a stool at the kitchen bar in front of Steve. There was a grumble of what Steve presumed to be a greeting of his own.
He was glad the waves weren’t too strong on this Thursday, so he didn’t have to focus on keeping himself standing against stronger waves. He wanted to focus on the slow, melodic feel of the little waves hitting against his chest.
Tony pulled away first again, but this time to speak. “Alright. What do you want to do today?” He brushed Steve’s hair back while he began to hum.
He grunted before he laid down, putting his pillow over his head. Maybe if he went back to sleep, he could just sleep the day away then try it again tomorrow.
Steve peered down at the magazine and grimaced. The paparazzi photo that was taken of the two was plastered on the front of the magazine along with the headline that read
“No talking. I’m not awake yet,” Tony grumbled as he trudged back into the bedroom. He came out again in his boxers this time before he made his way to the kitchen.
There was also a good bit of messages from Tony with a few voicemails in between. It made Steve’s heart clench when he put his phone away, effectively ignoring Tony’s worried messages. Though, Steve didn’t know what he would reveal over the phone.
“Language.” It wasn’t the greatest comeback Stark has had, but it was a jab towards Steve and that’s all that mattered at the moment, other than Tony wanting to walk out and hide away.
If Tony put Jarvis in control in searching the internet, then he would be alerted if someone posted a new picture of Steve. Then Jarvis would trace it for Tony, and he would fly down in a suit to make Steve spill everything.
Steve got off of Tony and walked into the bathroom down the hall, leaving the door open. “Yeah, it’s beyond me.” He washed the lotion off of his hands before he walked back over to Tony. “I think I’m going to head down to my floor and call it a night.”
Tony couldn’t help but laugh. “Steve, just take a breather. If the serum would even go to your brain, it would have happened while you were fighting hydra in the 40’s. You’re just overthinking the dream, okay?”
Steve gripped the gun tightly in his hands to prevent his hands from shaking from his anger. He had his jaw clenched tightly shut as well. “You—
Tony began to drive off once the directions started, taking a moment to glance over to Steve worriedly. “How many men are there in the apartment? You never said,” Tony asked to make some conversation, so his mind wouldn’t go into overdrive and think the worst of Steve’s mental state.
Steve shook his head lightly then sipped from his coffee. “I think that’s a tad overdramatic, Tones.” He set his cup down then sectioned the eggs onto two different plates. “We just need a tactic, and we need to figure out what we want to cover when we’ll eventually have to publicly confront this.”
Steve let his hand drop limply once Sam let it go. “What? No, it’s not,” He tried to defend. “Yesterday was Thursday. We ran. It was Sunny. And you told me not to forget my money for today for smoothies.”
Besides, maybe I could use this time to finally unlock who Steve is. I only know him as Captain America, and I hate being one of the only ones not knowing him as Steve. He’s the leader of our little bunch. Shouldn’t he get to know everyone?
Tony kept a hand up to keep Loki in place, but Tony moved his other hand to rest on Steve’s shoulder. “We have to take him in to S.H.I.E.L.D..”
“Yes, sir,” Jarvis replied once more before Steve took off and up the ramp that leads to the streets of New York.
We were actually having a conversation together. And it was a normal one. “Anything caught your fancy on the menu?” I ask after, reaching a hand up and lightly tapping the top of his menu.
“Kind of,” Steve sighed as he continued to dig his palms into Tony’s back. “The mission was about the same thing. It had the same number of people. You came in from the same wall. The same guy tried to hit me from behind. And all the weapons were the same.”
“Steve,” Tony called out before he could change his mind. Steve stopped in front of the two doors and turned back to Tony. “I’m going to accept your apology, but just know that nothing is forgiven or excused. For both of us.”
Steve crept up to a box where one of the weapons were stored in, and he opened it carefully. He glanced back towards Tony before he picked up the weapon, looking over the inscriptions on it.
There was an empty booth near the back that I guide Steve towards. It was better than staying by the windows and by the other filled tables.
Even while on an undercover mission, Natasha had called and texted Steve once the news reached where she was. It was on worldwide news.
Steve stepped into the water and continued to walk in. The water was cold, but Steve’s body heat helped. If he could survive for 70 years in the ice, basically just in a deep sleep, he can handle the chilled water.
His feelings were at bay when Steve was never intimate with Tony, and Steve didn’t have the knowledge that Tony liked him as well. Basically, his feelings were at bay before the loop.
. Yes, it’s as exhausting as it sounds. No, no one else knows. No, I’m the only person who remembers the Thursdays. Yes, I’m telling the truth. No, I don’t know why. I’ve told you of this more than half of the Thursdays I’ve been on, but we can never figure out what it is.”
Right before the bag could give way from the force of his repetitive punches, he heard JARVIS speak.
“I’m completely guilt-ridden, Tony. The letter I sent you was more of a—what’s that new phrase? The tip of the iceberg?” He rubbed a hand over his scruffy beard.
Steve scooped up his own belongings before he tiredly walked over to the bathroom. “Night, Tony. I’ll try not to sing too loudly in my sleep.”
He looked conflicted for a moment before he glanced out the window. “I pulled over for lunch. Figured it was about that time.”
It didn’t take Tony long to freshen up. He didn’t bother with a suit, but he still wore a dress shirt with dress pants. Most likely he was going back in the lab after, so he didn’t want to dirty up a suit for nothing.
“How is that going, by the way?” I ask a little off topic. “The catching up with the twenty-first century and what not,” I elaborate on as I wave a hand in the air.
but he resists the temptation. Instead, he hangs his head in quiet defeat and looks up at his daughter with fondness in his gaze.
The stern look she gets must be one she's familiar with and has grown to respect, because the girl's stance loses some of its confidence in wake of the emotion Tony's disapproving frown communicates. She doesn't avoid looking at him, but shrugs and says, "I wanted to know what was going on. You think I don't notice when you're like this, but I do."
"We could've had a good life," Not-Steve says and has the audacity to be wistful and bitter at the same time. "We could've been happy. You would’ve never known any better and I'd have taken care of you. I've known you for over a hundred years, Tony. Your past, your future, everything. I know how to make you happy better than anyone."
He offers an elaborate explanation anyway, because talking to tune out the feelings of dread settling heavy in his stomach is the only thing that'll keep him from screaming in frustration at this point.
Tony then fully leans against the counter next to him, facing the window. He watches the dying sun throw streaks of orange over the surface of the lake and the colors reflect beautifully in his watery eyes when he says, "Sometimes I wake up and all those details I could remember perfectly well yesterday are blurring together in my mind. How did the pitch of his laugh sound like? Did he have dimples when he smiled? I don't know, and it terrifies me."
Steve lodges their mouths together before he gets to ask, but the question is rendered redundant anyway once he tastes himself on the other man's tongue.
Once he's taken a last look around the property, he makes sure to close the safety lock on the door and push a bookshelf in front like they do every night, and then he crawls into bed next to Tony. His sleep seems not to be fitful for once, breathing deep and expression relaxed. He's sleeping on his side again instead of his back–Steve notes the development with a smile. Carefully, he lodges himself in the space behind Tony and curls an arm around him, making sure not to stir his bad arm that is propped up on his side.
“You called the phone a couple weeks back, and then you wouldn’t answer any of my calls after—” Steve took a step forward as he spoke, and that caused Tony to whip back around.
I look over to Steve and leans back, arching an eyebrow up as I watch him for a moment. “Are you more talkative now that you peed or something?” I question a little bluntly. “Not that I mind it. It’s better than the silent treatment. But it does pose a good question, don’t you think so?”
“You’re very generous, Thor,” Steve complimented as a thank you as he came with a clean glass. Once he had his first drink, he couldn’t stop.
Speaking of that, Steve might want to check in before he goes out. “JARVIS, is Tony in his suite?” He called out towards the ceiling as he opened the stairwell door.
“Tony, don’t. You don’t need to-to come check on me like some babysitter. I’m not a baby, and I’m not some helpless elder,” Steve tried to reason, but it came out snappy.
“It is,” Steve agreed with a soft chuckle before he lightly nudged Tony. “You did good. There’s a bunch of people here tonight.”
Tony chuckled slightly. “Yeah, that is something I’d say.” He leaned a bit into Steve’s side, still rubbing his back. “I get it though. He could be anywhere. And anyone.”
Steve walked over and examined the back of Tony’s suit. “How’s your back?” He asked worriedly as he saw how messed up the metal was.
Steve leaned back and tried to relax as he bounced the thought around in his mind. “That’s definitely worth trying. Maybe we can go in together through the wall you busted through.”
Tony quickly pressed the call button before he could change his mind, then pressed the phone to his ear as he got comfier against the side of the bar.
Tony didn’t respond. How could he just believe that Steve went from embarrassed and shying away from Tony’s flirts, to now – so suddenly – in love with Tony and leaning towards the flirts?
Tony looked at Steve analytically. “Steve, just talk to me. We’re friends, right? I thought we had gotten closer since you moved into the tower. We don’t argue as much at least.”
“Yes, I am into guys,” Steve mused as he watched Tony. “I was before the ice, too. History just never recorded that part.”
I chuckle tiredly before I yank the tightly tucked in covers back, snuggling my way underneath them. “You do you, just as long as I’m not woken up.”
“Yes, I am, and yes I do. Keep up your good work.” I give him a small nod with a smile before I turn my attention back to Steve. “Anyways, as I was saying, I sleep like a baby.”
“What, the Greatest Avenger can’t handle this himself?” Steve asked with a teasing tone before he ran over and slammed into one of the dealers with his shield, breaking the fridge and weapon-in-hand with the dealer’s body.
“The…The what?” Steve questioned back with his brows scrunched up in confusion. Right, he was a man out of time. Despite being here for almost two years now, he still wasn’t caught up on everything. No one expected him to be, though.
“Uh yeah, hard pass on that,” Tony stated immediately with a light smile on his face as he watched Steve. “You go torture yourself without me.”
I glare at the sight before me then walks over to the car, knocking on the driver’s window. I wait impatiently as he rolled the window down before I push my glasses up my nose. “And what the hell do you think you’re doing?”
Tony chuckled, resting his hands over Steve’s for comfort. “Just minus all the kazoos and drunk people wandering around for someone to kiss.”
Steve nodded his head and rubbed his thighs. He wasn’t rather fond of being hooked up to machines. Especially when he didn’t understand what was going on. Last time it happened, he was gawked at by a bunch of army men and scientists while surrounded by whirring machines.
, everybody knows. There’s a picture going around of us kissing before the party last night. From when we were in the car.”
Steve’s face did the thing where he looked closed off again. Shit. Did I cause that? “No,” He replied sharply, his shoulders ten times more tense than they had been during breakfast. “I said I keep myself busy. I apologize if my schedule doesn’t line up with your leisure time, Stark.”
Steve pressed his lips together. He understood what he put Tony through, but was it really that hard for him to civil? “I’m sorry for all of it. I don’t regret helping out Bucky, but I know it could have all been handled much differently and avoided all together. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you sooner about your parents…” He paused after that and tried to see if he can catch Tony’s gaze, but there was no luck. “I…I didn’t know how. And I knew there would have been a bias set against Bucky. But
“Just about every time I save someone,” Steve grunted out as he pushed down on both sides of the suitcase. “Jeez, Tony. What the hell do you have in here?”
“You big sap,” Tony exclaimed as he shook his head with a fond smile. “I’m certain too. He may drive me crazy with all his healthy meals and exercising that he tries to get me to do with him, but I’m certain about being with him.”
Rhodey grinned and clapped Tony on the back. “Congrats, Tony. You finally found someone who can actually handle you,” He joked with a light laugh. “Now you just need to address the public.”
It was a quiet ride. Steve only spoke up occasionally if he needed to say something, or he would politely answer me if I asked a question to try to start a conversation.
Since it was mid-spring, not many people were on the beach unless to enjoy the sand and the beauty of nature. Here and there were scattered couples or families enjoying the day, but not many – if any – people were in the water. Dogs were in the water though.
Steve ran his other hand through his hair. “I needed air. Fresh air that wasn’t polluted. And some space away from the city. I’m doing okay. I have my bike and money with me. There’s no need to worry, Tones—Tony.”
“Tony?” Steve waved his hand in front of my face, and my vision refocused, and I blinked a couple times. “You seem in pretty deep thought there. I asked what you were ordering?”
“That is what I intended for,” Tony pointed out with a grin. “But that’s good. Clint’s having fun too. He’s almost across the line to completely wasted.”
“Damn straight,” I agree with a grin before I stuff my mouth with a fork full of waffles and melted chocolate.
There was a flaw to their causal hookups though: Steve was catching feelings for Tony. More surprisingly though, Tony was also catching feelings for Steve.
Steve rubbed a hand on the back over his neck before he stepped back from Tony. Here he goes again, explaining the loop for what is around the 100th time. Literally. Steve explained it anyways, taking it slow and answering any questions. He didn’t feel like rushing it. He didn’t have the energy for that. He needed to relax and let his thoughts flow properly to avoid anymore breakdowns.
It suddenly hit Tony the immensity of everything that Bruce has missed. The Avengers are now officially disbanded. Thor left after Ultron and hasn’t returned since. Steve, Natasha, and Wilson are underground. Hell, Bruce doesn’t even know who Sam is.
Steve let out a small chuckle. “It was a surprise to me as well, but I’m enjoying myself, so I’m thankful for this.” He paused so he could glance around. “Speaking of, I need to find Tony to thank him again for all of this.”
He couldn’t even sleep away his problems, even for a couple hours, because he was awake as soon as he fell asleep. Steve stood up, fuming, before he pulled on his suit. He was going again. This time earlier, and maybe then he could catch them while they’re sleeping and off-guard.
Tony was practically glowing at that, wondering why it took one of Loki’s evil schemes to get them together. “I may disagree, but now isn’t the time for that. Let’s start our marathon!”
I scoff at that. “No, I couldn’t. We’re taking a car, remember? So, I’m trying to minimize the luggage we bring,” I dismiss. “Once this is zipped, I’ll be ready to go.”
“Oh yeah? You’ll probably just be moody on Thursdays, but I can deal with that if it means having you,” Tony replied with a flirty voice, though a sweet smile, before he kissed Steve.
“Bucky and I used to come here. Before everything – the war and all,” Steve stopped once a good bit into the meadow. “After Fury was done with me when I woke up, I immediately looked up Peggy and came to search for this place. It helped me think, and it’s a little taste of home.”
“Son, just don’t,” Steve tried to warn so maybe this one could surrender himself. Of course, it wasn’t the simple.
—” Steve chunked the gun at the trickster for a momentary distraction before he lunged forward, punching the man in the nose as hard as he could.
“Steve? What the fuck? I was sleeping,” Tony exclaimed with an angry whine. His hair was tossed all over the place as if wanting to entice Steve closer. Not even that could ease Steve in this moment. He needed answers. He needed to know he wasn’t going insane.
new – and I say this very lightly, because they were first invented at the end of the last decade, but only recently I’ve noticed them popping up in more public places,” I ramble off in a small burst of knowledge.
He snapped his fingers to stop the beeping – it was a fancy alarm clock (to Steve) that was a moving-in gift from Tony – before he finally sat up and stretched. Steve glanced around the room, a precautionary measure he’s adapted over the years, before he got up and got ready for his morning run.
“Is there a destination to this trip that Mr. Stark should be aware of, Captain?” Jarvis asked as his response as Steve entered the garage.
“So, you just happen to almost always hang out with the team only when I’m not there then?” I counter back, stopping in front of the car and turning to stare accusingly at him. Damn was he tall.
Tony made sure everything was placed correctly on Steve before he went over to the monitor to check the brainwaves. “Let’s try our tactics different then. You said each day we did the same thing, right?” He glanced over with a hopeful twinkle in his eyes that Steve couldn’t quite place. “Maybe if we mix it up, it’ll break whatever this is. You know, like finding a secret doorway out of it.”
“Okay don’t you think things are moving a little fast?” Tony questioned without much seriousness in his voice, but instead with sarcasm and the curiosity.
“About what?” Tony’s voice was luring and soft, and Steve couldn’t help but step closer into Tony’s warmth.
Tony looked up startled, his eyes wide. “Woah, can you read minds too? I was sure that you couldn’t have. Howard never mentioned it.”
Maybe before the loop it wouldn’t have been obvious, but by now Steve had time to get to know Tony more intimately. Like how when he starts to worry, his pinkie finger taps against whatever is in his hand, and he starts to shoot off solutions without receiving answers to some.
Tony couldn’t help the shiver that ran through his body, and it wasn’t from the wind. “Jesus, Steve,” He breathed out as he took in what Steve was getting at. “You’re not being serious here, are you?”
Next to go were Steve’s clothes, and from there it was a drunken frenzy that made Tony glad the floors were soundproof.
“Steve, I see five heat signatures inside,” Tony spoke through their comm. “You go in on your side and I’ll go through the back.”
It wasn’t necessarily a bad thing, and I didn’t mind the guy, but he was always so tense and couldn’t just relax. It was hard to hang around him when he was just so…closed off.
I grin. “I know I don’t eat healthy, but I do have other healthy tendencies,” I joke with him as the waiter comes back with the receipt. “Not much, but that’s one of them for you.”
“What—?” Steve’s eyes widened in surprise before he hastily grabbed the remote and turned up the volume.
Steve didn’t waste any more time before he captured Tony’s lips in his own, pulling their bodies impossibly closer. Tony rested a hand on Steve’s shoulder and the other with the glass hooked behind Steve’s neck.
Tony stood in Steve’s space for a moment longer before he backed off to lean back against the counter. “Old people normally don’t get along with technology, so lucky for you, you aren’t the only one,” He stated teasingly with a smirk tugging at his lips.
Tony raised an eyebrow and rested an arm over the back side of the couch. “I know we hang out a lot, and that sentence would be deemed genuine, except for under the circumstance that I know you’re hiding a big part of the loop.”
Steve shook his head with a smile before he pressed a kiss to Tony’s head. “Alright, but we have to be the ones to clean it up tomorrow. Deal?”
Steve just shook his head as he slung his rag back over his shoulder. “We’ll just have to do this the old fashion way then, Stark. Are you up for it?” He asked after, and I swear on my mother I saw his lips twitch like he was going to grin. He might as well have.
It just so happened that the more Tony anchored down, the more developed Steve’s feelings for Tony became.
Tony parked the car before he quickly reached over for Steve’s phone, snatching it away while Steve was reliving his traumatic past. “I don’t ever want to forget them. And those girls in the shows? It really ties the whole thing together, by the way.”
“That’s my man,” Tony grinned before the suit opened up and he gratefully stepped out as he rubbed his lower back. “So, Cap, after we debrief you want some burgers? We can order in and have it up at my place.” When Steve looked as if he was going to back down, Tony pointed a stern finger at him. “I’m not taking any no’s or but’s. You’re eating with me and we’re talking.”
Steve clutched his shield tightly as his ears stopped ringing. There was a creak from the stairs area, and he didn’t hesitate to throw his shield in the direction. He heard what sounded like a body hit the floor.
We threw all the trash away before we walked back out to the car together. I unlocked it and we got in, and I switched the radio to my channel almost immediately as the car started.
Steve looked back over to Tony, wishing Tony had all the memories of the loop’s Thursdays. Why did it only have to be Steve? Why just him? “There’s really never a break, is there?” He chuckled. “It’s either your company or someone wants world domination.”
Tony acted like he had to think about it. “I suppose I have nothing better to do,” He shrugged off before he smirked up to Steve.
Steve used all his strength to slam the shield against the guy’s head. He fell limply to the ground with eyes rolled in the back of his head. There goes his final release.
“Should we grab the bags first or wait until we see about room availabilities?” Steve asked once he finished stretching out whatever he needed to stretch.
Steve couldn’t help but laugh as he made his way over to the other man. “How bad are the damages?” He asked in an amused voice as he rested his hands on Tony’s waist.
“You-You know about…” Steve started to sputter out before he had to purse his lips together to stop any cries coming out.
He didn’t see us at first from whatever magazine he was reading, but he hastily set it aside when we got closer to the counter. Was that a Playboy magazine? “U-Uh, how may I help you?” He asked unsteadily then cleared his throat.
Steve pulled one of the stools over to sit on. He was in some pajama pants and a loose shirt. “It’s late, and the others are getting worried. You’ve been cooped up here more nights in a row than usual. So, they sent me.” He chuckled.
“Birthdays have been complicated for me. First, I was focused on surviving asthma and any allergies that got to me. Then, when I was 21, I got the serum. At that point, I got more focused on surviving and winning the war,” The crowd had been quiet as he spoke, but there were soft cheers as he mentioned the war.
Tony’s faceplate snapped shut and he held his hands up, the repulsors warmed up and ready to fire. “Why? Hasn’t the party just started?” He questioned with that perfect wit that Steve has come to love. But now wasn’t the time.
Steve shifted onto his back and pulled Tony’s sweaty body on top of his own sweaty body. The cold of Tony’s arc reactor felt pleasant against Steve’s skin.
I grin before I slip my card back into my wallet. “Just make sure pay that rent of yours,” I offer as some last advice before I stand up, motioning for Steve to do the same. “Come on. We should get back on the road.”
Loki changed back to himself as he cradled his bleeding nose. He honestly wasn’t expecting being attacked until after Steve talked more. “You…You foolish mortal!” He bellowed once he saw the blood in his hand. Loki went to get up and lunge at Steve, and Tony held his arms up again in preparation, but before anything else could happen there was thunder in the distance.
It was a look that Steve used to almost despise, but since has grown to love it. His fingers twitched as he resisted the urge to pull Tony closer just like he would if they were alone.
Steve had already been half-asleep at that point – if not fully asleep. I think he was trying to stay awake longer so it wouldn’t just have to be me awake, but I wasn’t one hundred percent on that.
Steve was already pulling the keys out of his jacket pocket. “Yep. I haven’t ridden it in while because of the loop.” He spun the keys around his finger and grinned to Tony.
Steve was running up the stairs. There was no way it could be Thursday again. It had to be a mistake.
Steve sent an annoyed yet infuriating look at Tony before he focused his attention back to Loki, more of his anger showing. Tony could swear he saw the outlines of Steve’s arm veins even from under the suit’s sleeves.
Tony shrugged and relaxed back with his coffee. “I know, I’m just giving you a hard time,” He smiled warmly again. “But there’s not much to say about the person. Well, there’s everything to say about this person. We don’t have enough time for that though.”
Tony grinned and the crinkles around his eyes appeared. “Got it.” He saluted Steve with two fingers and winked before he walked over to the culprit stuck in the wall from Steve’s kick.
Steve focused all his energy and focus on the bag as he let out any pent-up emotions. It was important for him, as leader, to be well-collected during a mission. His emotions can’t get in his way. So, he uses this time for a release of those emotions.
Steve grabbed a napkin and wiped his hands, once again not looking at Tony. “It-It got exhausting, and I couldn’t always go to you,” He wiped his mouth before he set the napkin in one of the empty boxes. “There were…so many days that I thought I would never get out.”
I carefully set my other bags in the trunk before I shut it closed. “Alright. Let’s hit the road!” I grin before I slide into the driver seat with ease.
I watch him light-heartedly. “Yeah, I knew. Those are the Coca-Cola Freestyle soda machines. They’re
Steve smiled a little proudly before he rolled the window back up, adjusting the rearview mirror afterwards. “It’s not like I’ve never driven before, Tony,” He shrugged a little as I slid into the right side of the car. “They had cars back in the forties and I drove only a handful of times, sure, but I’ve driven a lot more in the past two years here.”
for Christ’s sake.” The words just tumbled out of Steve’s mouth and he didn’t realize it until he saw Tony’s expression.
“You know? Seeing the infamous Captain America in this state is—well, it’s very humanizing. And sexy,” Tony thought out loud then winked to Steve as he walked back in.
“So, you’re telling me that you’re sending me to the middle of nowhere with the star spangled wall?” I exclaim as I move to sit on the edge of my chair.
“That had to have been a lot of money though,” Steve continued, not quite understanding why. “What if he doesn’t use it for that, but for something bad?” He seemed stressed at the idea of me giving away a lot of money, which is odd for him.
Steve felt the blush on his cheeks anyways, and he couldn’t help but think of his hands roaming over the front of Tony’s chest. “I-I really should, you know, get going,” Steve stammered before he picked up his shield and suit from the corner of the room. “The dream has me all on edge.”
“Oh, we’ve thought this through plenty, Stark,” Fury finally spoke as he folded his arms on his chest. “You and the Captain will be sent away to a city that has little to no internet or communications to the outside. They may recognize you, but they won’t say anything, and they can’t post anything to social media.”
“Did the rest of your day go any differently? You know, from that dream you had,” Tony asked curiously as a silence fell on them.
Tony held his hands up in defense. “Alright, I’m guilty,” He replied with a small chuckle before he put his hands down. “We tried to spend the nights together as much as we could since we didn’t see each other often during the day.”
In the meantime, I was trying to keep myself busy. If I wasn’t busy, I was on edge and irritable. It also didn’t help that Steve Rogers was everywhere I went.
“Yeah, that’s probably the smarter idea,” Rhodey laughed as he stood up. “Well, enjoy the rest of your morning. What’s left of today will be chaotic.”
Tony didn’t argue with that, setting the briefcase down and stepping on it to signal the suit to attach. While he did that, Steve walked up to the door of the apartment and knocked on it. He stood there as he heard the voices go down inside, holding his hands clasped together in front of him.
He put his phone away and stared back out into the water instead. He couldn’t run, so he wasn’t going to try. He might as well enjoy the view that he stopped for before Tony convinces him to return to New York.
“You said you loved me,” Steve blurted out before he could change his mind. He blushed immediately then cleared his throat. “You were in my arms a-and you told me you love. It was kind of your last words…”
Tony rubbed Steve’s arm lazily as he laid on Steve’s heaving chest. “The serum helped more areas of you than expected then.”
Steve put his shield on his back and carried his cowl with him as he snuck off down to the garage again. He straddled his bike and was about to start her up before he froze.
“Then uncomplicate it,” Tony comforted with that soft voice of his, resting his other hand gently on Steve’s forearm. “I know that sounds like bullshit, but it’s how I create things all the time. It helps.”
There was a pause before Steve stood up. “Yeah, you’re probably right. I’m going down to the gym.” He grabbed his last piece of toast and his coffee cup.
I chuckle then finally pulls out the garage and onto the road. Only thirty-five hours to go, and that doesn’t include the time it’ll take for stops.
“So, you’re telling me…that this was the first time you’ve done this? Male or female?” Tony asked in a disbelieving voice.
“We were just going to keep it at that,” Steve continued. “But we kept coming back to each other. First just for the…the activity. Then it just became more.” He shrugged a little.
Tony gently set his hands on Steve’s chest to push away, but only enough to see Steve’s face. “As much as I love hugs from you, you’re kinda scaring me.”
Steve looked back out the window and shrugged, taking in this new information. “I was hungry, and we haven’t talked normally in a while.” A very,
Steve hit his hand, lightly, on the car. “See? I’m telling the truth. For some reason, someone but me in this loop and I have no fucking idea why they—” Steve finally took a moment to look around, and he froze. It was the field that Bucky and he used to go to. Which was also the field Steve took Tony the first time in the loop when the two first got close. “Tony, why did you bring us here?” His voice wasn’t as urgent anymore but leaning more towards perplexed.
Steve poured everything into the kiss. He didn’t know how long the day was going to last, and he didn’t want to waste any of it.
Steve grabbed Tony’s hands in his and squeezed gently. “We’ll meet in the garage in ten minutes. Thank you, Tones.” Everything that Steve wanted to say, but didn’t, was held in his eyes. He let out a breath and closed his eyes before he pulled away. “I’ll meet you there.”
The elevator dinged and opened, and Tony grabbed the pizzas that were set on the floor to come up. No one except permitted personnel were allowed to stand inside the elevator that leads to Tony’s suite. If someone tried who wasn’t permitted, Jarvis wouldn’t allow the elevator to move and he’d contact security – Happy.
Steve took a step back from the close proximity, flashbacks from last night replaying in his head. “Okay, now you can see I’m perfectly fine. You can fly back off and let me think.”
Plus, Tony would try to trace any message or call since Steve made sure to bring everything with him that wasn’t tracked. He needed to be alone.
Steve wrapped his arms around Tony, pulling Tony onto his lap. “But you wouldn’t have given up, a-and you wouldn’t have taken so long to figure everything out.” He shook his head then tucked his face into the crook of Tony’s neck.
Tony rubbed his hands over his face. Too many things were coming at him at once that he couldn’t process it all at once. “Shit, I don’t know. I’ve never been here before in my life,” He exclaimed as he waved his hand around in exasperation. “I just – I don’t know – something felt right when I headed here. Maybe I have a good sense of direction?”
This time Loki didn’t get to finish. Steve’s fingernails dug into his palms as he kept his hands at his sides, but he swung his leg forward and kicked Loki in the face. It didn’t do any permanent damage, but it managed to knock him unconscious from the blow.
But Loki continued. “Yes, tell them Steve! Let them know how I, Loki, was the one to break Captain America – the Great Super Soldier. Let them know how you were so
It wasn’t hard to either. Three of them came at Tony and Steve once in the apartment. Neither were the guy Steve was looking for. So, Steve fired the weapon gun at one, and Tony blasted the other two with each hand repulsor.
“So, you just up and leave without any warning, ignore everything I’ve sent you, but you would answer a call from Nat and not me? I got to say, I’m feeling hurt, Rogers.”
“Yep,” Tony grinned ear to ear. “But enough about that. What made you want to get breakfast today?” He glanced over as he drove.
“Finally. Something we agree on,” Tony mumbled as he closed his eyes, though with something positive underlying his words. Something that stirred what people call butterflies in Steve’s stomach. Just like on that first Thursday he found out Tony liked him.
Steve barged into my apartment, but I couldn’t find it in me to care at the moment. I could hear in his stomps just how angry he was. “Stark! You were supposed to be—”
Steve’s cheeks turned a light shade of pink as he rubbed the back of his neck. “Sorry about that,” He apologized bashfully. “I burn all those calories with the serum and…yeah.”
“Area is out of reach. I suggest immediate medical attention,” JARVIS suggested with concern of his own.
“Nah, I’m good,” Tony smiled to Steve before he went back to looking for a movie for them. Steve walked back over.
“It means people can’t keep their damn noses to themselves!” Tony exclaimed angrily before he grabbed the remote and pushed the power button more aggressively than needed.
The next morning was when all hell broke loose. At first, it seemed like it would be a normal day. Steve got up before Tony as usual, and he wandered into Tony’s kitchen to start the coffee and watch some news. He wouldn’t get started on breakfast right away since Tony mostly woke up at least an hour after Steve.
“What the fuck, Rogers?” He couldn’t help but snap with a hard gaze. It wasn’t exactly what he expected to say, but it came out anyways.
“Why are you so thick-headed!” Tony groaned in frustration. “If you would just tell me I could help, you know.” He was getting angry at Steve, which just aided in Steve getting angry as well.
Tony looked up and smiled when he saw his friend. “Jarvis, let him in.” Only Tony, Rhodey, and Pepper had access to his workshop. He stopped what he was working on to wipe his hands with a rag. “What brings you down here, Capsicle?”
Tony laughed as he drove them around towards the diner. “Oh, don’t sound so down about it, Rogers. You know you enjoy prancing around in that tight outfit of yours.” He glanced over and smirked.
“My dramatic side has been rubbing off on him,” Tony waved off before he grinned to both of them (mainly Steve).
That drew in Steve’s interest. It had been a long time since he’s gotten drunk. Tony saw Rhodey and got distracted. He went over to greet his friend, so Steve started to walk around in hopes to find Thor.
“You mentioned at the table how you’ve never seen me in sweatpants before, right?” I continue, glancing to Steve over my shoulder as I swing the car keys around my finger. “If you hung out on the communal floor more often, you’d see me there in sweatpants occasionally if I’m not busy at the moment.”
Once the gas stopped pumping, I pull into a parking spot then gets out, locking it behind me. Steve must have stayed inside to get a drink or something. Either that or he was taking a shit.
Tony patted Steve’s back before he walked up towards the entrance to the diner. “I wouldn’t dwell on figuring my dad out. I wasted too many years trying to do that.”
in a while. I’m proud to admit – without admitting everything, of course – that I’m saving myself for someone,” He joked with the last few words, but the rest of it was true. Tony wasn’t having sex with anyone because he had his eyes on someone.
“It must have been a bad dream. That’s all,” Steve tried to wave off. Tony knew there was more to it though.
His lips tugged up at the corners as he thought of the end result to his newest creation. It would save time when fighting and thus could save countless of lives. Possibly even his own life one day.
Sorry for what? Tony didn’t know, not specifically. He could be sorry for calling, sorry for not saying more, sorry for waiting so long, or sorry for the airport and Siberia.
When the check came, the waiter set it in front of Steve with a smile. “Let me know if you need anything else,” He told us kindly before he walked away, and I stare at the check.
Steve smiled to himself as they walked, not caring if anyone noticed them or took pictures. It wouldn’t make a difference anyways since it would all simply be preserved in Steve’s mind, and Steve’s mind only. The media would forget everything.
Steve looked back over to the shore where Tony was. He was now messing around with sand. In fact, Tony was attempting to build a sand castle with wet and dry sand.
“I know,” Steve sighed softly as he closed his eyes. They both wanted more time together, but Tony didn’t think it was time for them to publicly announce their relationship yet. Steve wanted to though. He was getting tired of having to hide his feelings. He wanted the world to know that Tony Stark is his. But being the respectful person he is, he was going to wait until Tony was ready.
“It was also a bit of a surprise to us,” Chimed in Bruce as he appeared next to Natasha. “Then again, it is your 30th birthday.”
Steve smiled and leaned back against the counter as he watched Rhodey and Natasha leave via the elevator. “That went smooth,” He spoke up after a moment.
Tony pulled away to step in front of Steve. He cocked an eyebrow up as he looked Steve over. “How many of those have you had exactly, Cap?”
Tony arched an eyebrow and tilted his head, crossing one leg over the other under the table. “Even if you hadn’t said so, I wouldn’t have answered it anyways if I wasn’t comfortable.” He grinned over to Steve. “I’m an open book. What do you want to know?”
Steve eyes scanned over my face for a brief moment. “Alright. I won’t be long.” He got out the car with a relieved breath, stretching right there. He rolled his shoulders and arched his back, and I got mesmerized by the way his back muscles moved.
Tony went to the corner of the conference room and started to make some coffee. In every conference room he has installed a coffee machine. “Do you still take it black?” He asked and glanced over his shoulder to Steve. It was starting to get personal, and a warm drink could hopefully help ease Steve better. If they were going to have this conversation, he might as well try to make it peaceful.
Steve gave the crowd an annoyed look before he followed after Tony. The tension between them was radiating off in waves. They didn’t speak until they got into the car, which they weren’t far away from in the first place.
He collapsed and fell down the stairs. Steve heard the talking stop and quickly hid behind a wall, so he won’t be so exposed.
“It’s the truth,” Steve stated with desperation, getting out of the car in a hast. “Every Thursday we got called for the same mission by Fury. It was about weapon dealers and the weapons were alien. That was all the information we were given. And I bet you all your money that you got a call from Fury while we were eating and just ignored it, right? Another reason that you didn’t head back towards the tower, right?”
Steve watched as Tony disappeared into the elevator before he took a big swig from his beer. He just needed to sleep. Once he ate he was going to excuse himself for the night and retire in his bedroom. Sleep should help.
He balanced the four large-sized boxes in his arms before he walked back over with them. “When was the last time you ate?” He asked with an eyebrow raised as he set the boxes down on the coffee table in front of them.
Steve looked around the park with a frown forming on his face. It felt like he came out of the ice all over again. “Yeah, I’m alright. I feel fine,” He looked back over to Sam. “It was probably just a vivid dream."
I knew a lie when I saw one, and goddamn it if that wasn’t one. But from how his demeanor changed, I probably shouldn’t push it. “Well if you need any resources, you can always ask any of us,” I assure instead of asking further questions, even if I so badly wanted to.
Tony took a few steps closer to Steve. “Well he did anyways because he tells me everything. Now do you mind telling what the fuck is going on with you?” He stopped in front of Steve, face plate still down and suit still on.
Tony had been blasted with something that emitted force and it shoved Tony’s suit into the wall with a harmful force. Just as Steve was about to do something, Tony managed to pull his arm up and fire the repulsor at the guy’s head.
I grab what I need before I shut myself away in the bathroom, yawning as I set everything down on the counter. I use the bathroom, change into some pajama pants and a shirt, and brush my teeth before I get out within five minutes. We both just wanted sleep, so I didn’t want to take too long.
He managed to block the object in hand with his shield before he raised his leg and kicked the guy back, yet again getting him stuck in the wall. “Tony, where are you?” Steve asked in their comm almost right before Tony broke through the same wall he had in the dream.
Steve, now dressed, shot Tony a look before he shook his head with a small smile. “Whatever, Stark. If you need me, you know where to find me.” He rested his hand on Tony’s shoulder as he passed.
“Read the file next time then. I’ll see you five in the morning in the garage. Not a minute later. We have a schedule to keep up with.” And with that, Steve turned sharply and marched his way back out the door.
He let out a breath and rolled his shoulders before he positioned himself, throwing his first punch. Then another. And another.
“I’m thinking about just getting chocolate chip pancakes,” I say as I point to it on Steve’s menu. “They look good, and they seem like they’ll be enough.”
Steve’s brows furrowed before his eyes widened. “You tracked me,” He breathed out as it dawned on him. He had completely forgotten about the possibility of Tony tracing the phone call. Steve got too distracted by Tony’s voice and his own little slip up with the nickname.
“J, turn the music off and let Cap in,” I call out over the music as I slide a suit into a protective bag. I can’t have them getting wrinkled on the ride there.
. He’s been stuck in a loop for over a week. The mission is always the same with the same five men, and Tony always gets hurt whether it’s something small or something major.
“You and I having a date on a Friday? Nothing could be better than that.” Steve beamed happily to Tony, feeling like he could float with the burden of the loop off his shoulders. “I love you. And I will love every single day with you, even Thursdays.”
Tony shrugged then took another bite of food. “Sure, why not?” He chuckled, but it was a soured chuckle. “There’s not really a chance for this person to like me back,” Tony paused for a moment before he looked into Steve’s eyes knowingly. “Is there?”
“Oh! Like in that movie. It was called, uhm…” He trailed off as he tried to think of it. “Was it called ‘Back to the Past’ or something close?”
Either way, this was the Steve I was stuck with. The one who was only focused on missions and being a solider.
Steve chuckled and set his beer on the coffee table to pull his burgers out of the large bag. “Thanks, Tony.” He unwrapped one and took a big bite out of it as he rested his elbows on his knees, hunched forward tiredly.
Steve didn’t miss the edges of Tony’s lips turning up for his first smile of the day, hidden or not by the mug.
Steve stopped on the building next to the one where the dealers supposedly were and looked in the alley way between the buildings. He glanced up to Tony before he jumped down into the alley, landing gracefully while barely making a sound: Captain America style.
Steve clutched his shield tightly as he pressed against the wall, listening as he heard sets of hesitant footsteps approach the stairs. When he determined the footsteps were close enough, he swung his arm around the corner and hit the first guy in the face.
I didn’t even want to let the public know. We were fighting Loki and saving the world one day, and the next an old image surfaced of my ex-boyfriend and I kissing back in college.
Tony caught on quicker though. “Wait – you looked me up?” Smug. Tony was being smug with a little bit of actual shock that was masked underneath it.
Rhodey shook his head before he walked off and muttered to himself something about needing new friends. Tony just rolled his eyes again before he hopped off the stool to make his way over to Bruce and Steve.
Steve pressed his lips into a line before he reached his arms out to pull Tony into his lap. “I promise then,” He assured as the two settled comfortably together. “I’ll get out of this. For you.”
Tony raised an eyebrow before he grabbed his sunglasses. “Don’t tell me we’re riding that bike of yours.”
Steve swallowed his mouthful, huffing out after. “It would have been easier if he just killed me then.”
“That’s true. You only complain about Nazis, extreme nationalism, and assholes.” Tony’s voice was light and joking, earning another laugh from Steve that made Tony’s grin widen.
Tony didn’t respond, but instead he stepped aside and swept his arm out in a welcoming manner. Steve gave a nod as a thank you before he stepped into the suite he was in the night before. At least, where he thought he was.
“Honestly?” Steve leaned against the back of the booth seat. “It was a complete embarrassment. All they wanted to see were the girls dancing their number,” He chuckled then rubbed the back of his neck, remembering how it felt being up on that stage. “So, the girls were sent back up and I sat in the back and sketched instead.”
“I used to think Howard knew everything, but I was so off base with that,” Steve pondered as he unwrapped his own burger. “I don’t think his intellect comes close to what I’ve seen from you.”
“Then don’t think about it,” I snap as I look back over to Rhodey. “There’s nothing to think about from either side of this. Just leave it alone.”
I was in the middle of re-adjusting the rearview mirror when Steve stepped into the car with me. “You’re getting better at that, Steve,” I compliment with a grin, glancing over to him.
Tony rolled his eyes in response before he grinned towards the crowd again. “It’s high time I address everyone here. So, welcome to my Fourth of July Bash! I hope everyone is having a good time?”
“That still bewilders me,” Steve chuckled before he took his phone back, putting it back in his pocket. “I wonder why he became so obsessed after.”
It had to be Loki that was torturing Steve with this time loop. There was no other explanation for the Asgardian weapons or for the mystical loop that appeared to be unbreakable.
“We need gas, so if you need to use the bathroom, now would be a good time to go,” I tell Steve as I exit the interstate.
That threw Steve into a whole new loop. “You-You had a feeling to come here?” Impressions. This place left an impression on Tony, and maybe so did Steve.
“Thank you,” Steve breathed out softly as he was already grabbing for another slice. He continued to eat quickly, practically inhaling the pizzas, as Tony ate the four slices like he said.
The crowd filled with claps and cheers, and Tony looked around with a proud grin. “I also disguised this as a birthday party for our one and only Captain America!” He exclaimed rather enthusiastically as he held a hand out in the direction of said person. “I think our Captain should come up and say hello. Don’t you think?”
,” I laugh lightly as we walk down the corridor to the room. “I really shouldn’t have been surprised. It’s one a.m. at some random hotel on the border of Wisconsin and Minnesota.” Steve must have taken my threat seriously from earlier and drove at the exact speed limit whenever he was behind the wheel.
“I’ll try my best, Captain,” I reply, giving him a half-assed salute before I lean the chair back all the way. I tuck away my glasses before I settle back, letting my eyes fall shut.
“Tony, I have a question as well,” Steve admitted after minutes of comfortable silence. He set his mug back on the table but kept his hands comfortably around the warm ceramic. “You don’t have to answer if you don’t feel comfortable with it,” He assured beforehand.
I get in one of the turning lanes once at the exit’s traffic light, yawning a little as we wait for the green light. I’ll get a coffee from the gas station when we stop, and I’ll be fine from there. Besides, it’s only another hour or two until we stop for lunch.
“Yep,” Tony finally spoke as he gladly took the hot mug in his hands. “One second I’m tinkering like the tinker I am, and the next I got so tired I couldn’t even focus on anything. I guess all the sleep caught up with me,” He chuckled tiredly before he took his first sip of coffee.
Something settles cold and heavy in his gut at Tony's words, but he tries to repress the feeling. Tony is only being reasonable; he shouldn't put his daughter through this and in any case, it's not like he owes Steve anything. Steve's a surprise visitor from another dimension, nothing Tony ever wanted or even asked for.
"Sure it isn't just the gray fooling you?" Tony returns, and his smile is almost wide enough to show teeth. Steve shakes his head firmly. "I'm sure."
His chest bears the sharp edge of a circular plate embedded in its dead center. A little further down, Steve's hands meet soft tissue–Stark's stomach flutters with his shallow breath and feels delicate compared to the unwelcoming edges of the metal above. With his size, well… if he goes and presses into the lower abdomen later, he'll be able to feel himself there. That might just be the most natural intrusion Stark's body will have known.
Steve produces another handy gadget from his arsenal, bends over Stark who's still indulging in the sweet relief of air, and grabs a tuft of the man's hair to forcibly expose his neck. Once he jams the small needle into the skin, Stark jerks away and falls onto his back, flailing as his strained muscles fail to keep up.
Tony huffs an exasperated half-laugh to himself, disrupting Steve where he's pressing a line of kisses down Tony's chest as far as he can reach from his position. Steve’s still behind him, hands having taken to kneading the softness at his belly. Yeah, Tony is still on the fence about whether he likes that. At all.
He does an inventory of the various aches in his body–there’s his ass, for one, but his hips and waist and shoulder are some of the main sources as well. He’s definitely marked as Steve’s now, that’s for sure. With an incredulous little chuckle, he pulls his sweats back up and hobbles up to the bathroom.
Tony flinches, hand flying to his chest. Steve shoots upright in record speed, stance wide and body taut in anticipation of an incoming attack. Their agitation is of no avail, however. The sky above is clear, the lake lies still and motionless as ever and the dunes all around have remained unchanged but for a light breeze stirring the sand.
Steve reciprocates some of Tony's initially playful tone, choosing to let the subtle reaction go unmentioned. "Just wanted to let you catch your breath. You'll need it."
Reminding everyone of their shared hatred for the man almost always makes a lasting impact, and tonight's no exception. Some affirmative shouts and growls emerge from the men and women in front of him, the group disbanding as one after the other leaves.
Having arrived at the very bottom of the spiral staircase, Peter followed the only illuminated corridor to its other end, the great, spruce wood double-doors there already wide open to allow him entrance.
In the archway, a renewed whirl of sand and light begins to form a picture unlike all the others before. Two magenta-colored silhouettes of light, only distantly reminding of people, wound so tightly around one another they almost appear as one.
Anthony made it out alive, if only by a hair’s breadth. Stane was beheaded a fortnight after. The once trusted man’s treason seemed to have shaken him out of his grief-induced apathy, and he began to take on the role of his departed father in earnest.
Bucky. His voice is guarded, not betraying a thing, but when Steve's head snaps up, his eyes are dark with a sense of foreboding. He's got a good guess of what's on Steve's mind, but is hesitant enough not to move before getting a definite confirmation.
"We'll be running late," is what Tony says, finally, and his voice sounds rubbed raw for a reason he doesn't want to take a closer look at. "So, if you still wanna introduce me to that Korean place–"
Only when Tony breaks their eye-contact does Steve realize they've been looking at one another throughout his confession. It's strange. Here he is, admitting his love for a Tony who's gone to another version of him, a Tony who is different but the same; a Tony who is alone just like he is, but also not.
As he turns to go, the man clears his throat with ostentation. Steve halts to face him and sees him holding up his tied hands, the implication clear as day. Oh, sure. Keep on dreaming, buddy.
He doesn't bother to look away, his eyes intently focused on Steve's face as if he's looking for something. Then, he drops his head to his chest, pauses, and sucks in a shuddering breath as he raises it again, eyes swimming.
There is no time for the crippling fear of death, no second to spare to be overwhelmed or thunderstruck. The deer that freezes in the headlights is the one that finds its demise first, long before the starving one or the one slain by predators. Whoever belonged into that category hasn’t seen much of the apocalypse before they became one of its countless casualties, another tragedy forgotten in the masses.
With the door falling close, it’s eerily quiet but for a few mumbles from the back. The man on the ground, having curled into a ball previously, slowly sits up again, not entirely able to suppress a groan. He holds his injured side with one hand while the other clutches the cloth that’s slipped out of place, only barely covering his privates.
The room they put him in next is nothing short of a cell. Really, it looks an awful lot like the interrogation rooms they had back when he was with SHIELD – gray, flat surfaces, no loose pieces to be used as bludgeons and empty but for a rectangular bench bolted to the floor.
Steve stifles a yawn then and there, but stays awake to see Tony’s back rise and fall with each breath and tread his fingers through the dark strands of his hair that’s streaked with silver and curling at the ends.
Stark complies with the request fairly quickly; one moment, he's eyeing him, wide-eyed and throat bobbing. The next, he's scrambling to flop onto his stomach, back rising and falling in a swift rhythm that falters briefly when Steve squeezes into the space behind him and brushes his bare legs.
Tony tightens his arms around him and cradles his head in one hand, tight and secure. The answer is another violent sob that echoes through his own chest.
and then opts to take matters into his own hands, shoving his hips back and forth to get some more of the desired friction.
Then, he catches a glance of the drawing Maria has worked on during all this time: it's a colorful illustration of a sailboat, three stick figures on its deck. The sail's triangle has "Maldives 2024" written on it in blocky letters, and the background is a sea of bright blue and splotches of green land, with the occasional flipped-over '3' depicting a seagull.
The number was already pulled up when Tony opened it. The phone didn’t need to be charged, because Tony made it a priority to always keep it charged, no matter what.
It seemed similar to Loki’s staff that they faced, but Steve couldn’t tell for sure. He never got to really study it. Tony walked closer and examined it himself, running his fingers over the side of it.
must be like for you. I can’t attempt to know the answer to this one. But can you promise me something?”
There was a pause between them. Steve couldn’t control it anymore. Tony was there in front of him being wildly concerned for Steve’s wellbeing and after last night, Steve knew they had strong feelings for each other.
“Alright, I have to ask,” Tony spoke up, leaning over his arms on the table. “How did it feel doing that little skit in front of all the soldiers overseas?” He grinned with this look interest twinkling in his eyes.
That thought made Tony chuckle, but it was bitter and tasted like his whiskey. Steve Rogers with a flip phone clipped to his belt, sitting right next to a dagger or a gun holster. Quite a sight that would be.
Tony raised an eyebrow to Steve over the rim of the coffee mug as he sipped on his coffee. “So,” He set the mug back down, but he wasn’t letting it go. “What are you apologizing for, exactly? Because I’ve just been hearing excuses.”
“You don’t have to say it back,” Tony assured once he caught his breath. “You’ve been through a lot.”
Tony hesitated before he took a few steps closer to Steve. “Hearing those stories of you and Bucky from my dad helped me realize who I was, as much as I hated you because of how much my dad loved you,” He paused to smile at Steve. “It’s not completely erased, Steve.”
Tony shook his head and made a small ‘tsk’ noise with his tongue. “Come prepared, Cap. I guess we can just walk back.”
“That sounds amazing, Tones. It really does. I just hope this is truly over,” Steve deflated with a small shrug. “There’s been a lot of empty promises.”
That happened pretty often, and it was getting worse lately. That usually was accommodated with something Tony was stressing about, but no one could think of exactly what. Every now and then Steve was able to convince Tony to go to bed, and apparently became known for it since the others would often ask Steve to check on Tony.
Steve crossed his arms over his chest, a hurt yet confused look settling on his features. “You called me at what was the middle of the night for you, and all I heard was you sobbing and apologizing to me. How did you expect me to react? What did you expect me to think?”
In the meantime, Tony was busying himself by doing a couple things on his phone – most likely catching up with things from his company and Pepper. That made Steve feel guilty. Tony dropped everything to go find Steve. What if they got together after the loop and Tony got his priorities mixed up because of Steve?
I had to look away. It’s a disgrace. Maybe if I just sneak a glance, it won’t be so horrible. But then I see some juice – either from the burger or the mushroom – dripping down his chin from the corner of his lips. That shouldn’t be fair.
This mission is going to turn out terribly if this keeps up. Why the hell would he want to go on a mission with me if he didn’t like me?
Steve had made his run earlier, so he and Sam could finish around the same time. Luckily, he didn’t mind waking up the little bit earlier.
Steve grabbed a water bottle and filled it up before he set off out his apartment – side-stepping a newspaper that was always set there sometime in the early morning - and towards the stairs. Normally no one else was up this early. If they were, it was because of missions or Tony didn’t sleep and instead stayed up all night tinkering in that workshop of his.
Steve wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist, pulling the smaller man onto his lap. “So, not much different than a normal week that doesn’t include missions.” He let his hands rest on Tony’s hips, his thumbs rubbing circles on Tony’s hip bones.
It never got me anywhere. It was all too awkward and forced. The lack of conversation wasn’t helping me stay awake either. I could feel myself wanting to sleep.
He opened one door, and suddenly he was blasted across the room. Smoke filled the building as Steve grunted and stood up from his position on the floor. There must have been a security type trap for that room.
Tony’s eyes rolled and he grinned. “Is that supposed to make me feel embarrassed? Abashed? Sheepish? Well, sorry to burst your bubble, Cap. I can stare at you all day and whenever I please.”
somewhere and we don’t even have a clue.” He shook his head, not having enough information at the moment.
“What if it was me that ran away? You would be in this situation too. You would come to me to talk even if I didn’t want to come to you. Why is this
I wipe my hands off with a napkin before I start to ball up all my trash. “That you did, Rogers. And if I’m being honest, it would be nice to get back on the open road.”
They looked at each other and shrugged before they decided to all go at once. Steve hit one with the shield, sending him barreling into another, as he jumped up and kicked one that was behind him.
Tony reached over and caressed Steve’s cheek gently. “Whatever happens when midnight comes, you know I’ll always be there for you. Right? You said so yourself.”
“I’ll hold it down while you zip it closed,” Steve instructed in his Captain America commanding voice.
Steve rolled his eyes before he slumped down into one of the conference room chairs. There was an audible crack as Steve’s super soldier weight was set on the poor chair. “
