Tony had on the most authentic smile Steve had ever seen out of him. “Oh, yeah. You apparently enjoyed yourself twice!” His grin somehow got even more wicked. “Which, gotta say, cum from the first time squishing around in there for round two? Way hotter than you'd think. Guess it's been a while for you, though, huh?”
Clint snorted. “How much cumming?” He smirked, chuckled, then outright laughed. Pretty soon the whole table was laughing, the tension well broken, and Tony felt a warm glow, close to but not related to, the arc reactor.
Duke Howard sneered at Earl Joseph. “You’re lucky you bring such a large dowry to this arrangement. I know omegas are supposed to be delicate, but that son of yours looks as if he’d break in half if I look at him wrong. You sure he’s strong enough to bear an heir for my son?”
the time. “For instance, there's some other terms I found this week, that I think apply. I'm pretty damn sure I'm a Dom, and I think you might be a bit of a sub.”
Tony sipped at his coffee, trying to settle his emotions and figure out which ones were actually important. “Ah... Yeah, I guess we do. I... I
“I- really? Uh, yeah, I guess.” Tony blinked at the idea of a visible aura, but forced himself to push on. “Well, so far, it seems to have turned my toes into marble. Weird but livable, but I have this sneaking suspicion it won’t stop there.” He flopped back onto an armchair, and stuck his feet up in the air for all to see.
Steve snagged a sketchbook and pencil pouch from his knapsack and came over to kiss Tony on the top of the head. “If you mean you're a problem, I just don't see it.” He pulled back a little, grinned, and grabbed Tony's jock through his clothes. “Though you are pretty much a perfect handful, I'd say.”
Steve put a platter of pancakes and one of bacon on the table, and everyone sat. Steve served up the eggs, ending with Tony, and ruffled his hair as he straightened up. He dropped the pan in the sink, sat next to Tony, and dug in. Tony gave him what was probably a terribly sappy smile, and Steve smiled back.
Tony shrugged as he sat up. “Well, I was thinking, I don't have anything important today, I can take the afternoon off, we can get lunch and I'll take you to my tailor. Better to do that before the bullshit hits in a couple days.”
Stephen Strange), then spent most of the rest of the time making notes. Innovations for Pepper to patent, potential upgrades and equipment prototypes for the Avengers, even spaceship engines and other madness, he let his perpetually-busy mind overflow onto the tablet that felt increasingly like a lifeline.
Tony raised his mug and nodded regally. “Thank you. So glad someone is happy for us. Just for that you get to pick next week's movies.”
Steve pulled him close. “Whatever you need, baby.” He kissed Tony's forehead and smiled at him. “I'm guessing... workshop?”
Tony was making sure to take his time, do a thorough job, which is why it surprised him when Captain yanked his fingers away, grabbed Tony around the ribs, and flipped him over. When the wave of lust receded a little, he found he was face down across Captain's lap, his erection trapped against Captain's right thigh, Captain's erection pressing against his left flank and dripping onto his back. Part of him was panicking, feeling far too vulnerable, wanting to run. The rest of him was amazed, in awe of someone with enough strength to toss him around like that, gleeful that this was
He clucked his tongue, putting a hand back on Tony's back. “Now, now, pet, don't get ahead of yourself. We still have a lot of experimentation to do before we get back to that.” Tony gave a full-body shiver as he finished speaking, and all the tension drained back out of him. He took a couple of deep breaths, and Steve moved his hand away and reached for the whip. He snapped it out to the side a couple of times, to get the feel of it, then repositioned himself and struck both of Tony's ass cheeks at once, hard enough to sting but not hurt. Tony yelped and panted, and Steve struck again, just below the previous one, then twice more, on the backs of his thighs. He paused for a moment, then did the same set of four again, slightly offset from the previous ones and a little harder.
Day seven, coming up on 168 hours since Tony had crashed into that damn statue- in retrospect clearly some sort of trap- and his fingers barely moved. He could almost swear he felt it creeping up the back of his scalp; the really sadistic part of this curse seemed to be that his brain would be active until the very last. (The horrible idea was looming that maybe his brain would remain active even after everything else calcified, that he would be conscious but unable to interact with anyone, forever and ever. Or at least until his statue-self was smashed.) The team, plus Rhodey and Pepper, were all hovering nearby, as if unsure if they should gather closer or give him his space. Fair, really; he didn’t know which he longed for either. The conversation was strained, and no one could meet anybody’s eyes, but they were there, for him.
Steve sprawled out on his back, feeling utterly boneless. He was a little surprised at how much he'd liked spanking someone. (Be fair, Tony
Steve nodded earnestly. “I noticed that too. I wouldn’t have thought of it again, but you’re right, it’s gotta be that! Maybe if we smash the statue?”
Tony smiled, or at least bared his teeth. “Perhaps you were visited by a swan, or a bull? No? The Archangel Gabriel?” Steve shook his head forlornly, but Tony gave a little laugh that rang false in Steve’s ear, and threw himself into an armchair. “Oh, breathe, it’s no big trouble. After all, I hardly come to this marriage pure, it would be cruel at best to expect it from you. Tell me.” He waved a languid hand.
“Good morning, Sir. The date is Monday, October 1st, and the time is 8 am. Shall I tell you the weather?”
He didn't let himself think about what might happen after. In noticing Tony, he had also seen Tony notice him, at least a little, so there was a possibility of something there, but Tony was a known womanizer. Steve had only ever heard of him going with women, generally only for short periods of time, and very public about all of it. Most likely he wasn't interested in men at all, but even if he was, he clearly kept things well hidden, and Steve had no interest in being anyone's dirty little secret, or hidden lover-on-the-side. Heck, despite all the changes he'd embraced, he wasn't even interested in the modern ideas of hookups and friends with benefits. He wanted a real relationship, with dates and anniversaries and waking up together, and if Tony wasn't capable of that with him, or wasn't willing to try, Steve wasn't going to push. Or get his hopes up. It would be enough to just live honestly, and if he was lucky, he would find someone else who really understood the life of a superhero. And had a mind that fascinated him. And who wanted to teach him things. And was heart-stoppingly beautiful. If he was really, seriously lucky...
Steve kissed him again. “It's ok, I promise. We can go out in public, and if the press figures it out, so be it. I don't feel like I-
With that thought, Tony made his way over to his own father. “My Lord. If I might have a moment to discuss a practical matter?”
did not think about the moment, every time, when Steve would catch sight of them (him? Could it possibly be him?) and break out his own beaming grin.
“Tony?” He jumped and spun, the scotch sloshing onto his fingers, and saw Steve at the other end of the room. “Sorry, did I startle you?”
And Tony could pretend to be dignified, at least. “Thank you. So glad someone is happy for us. Just for that you get to pick next week's movies.”
Until Steve's hands grabbed Tony's hips, and they flared with pain. Tony flinched, and Steve pulled his hands away, looking worried. “Oh, sorry! Wait, what?” He scooted up on the bed, forcing Tony to shift to sitting up too. The blanket fell away, revealing a hand-shaped bruise on each of Tony's hips. Steve reached out, but drew himself up short of touching. “Oh, wow, did I do that to you? Jeeze, Tony, I'm sorry, I didn't-”
That was apparently the right thing to say, because Tony's mouth was suddenly everywhere, kissing and licking and biting, while his hands undid Steve's fly. Steve stumbled back under the onslaught, and fell onto the bed, barely feeling the impact. The next thing he knew, there was wet heat engulfing his jock, and he sat up with a yelp. Tony, mouth wrapped around his jock, looking up pseudo-innocently at him through his lashes, was possibly the hottest thing Steve had ever seen, and he sagged backwards, barely catching himself enough to be able to watch. He had to concentrate on trying to memorize the moment, because otherwise he was probably going to pop in Tony's mouth, and that would be beyond embarrassing.
Tony waved his arms around. “No, wait, hold on. I mean, not that I'm pressuring or anything, but apparently tonight is sharing time, do either of you boys have anything you'd like to share with the class?”
... He fastened his mouth on the tender flesh of Tony's inner thigh, up high near his balls, and started sucking on it. Tony's fingers dug into his scalp, pulling him closer, and he bit, hard enough to show he meant it.
He finished cleaning up, tossed the washcloth into the hamper, and sat down tailor-style on the bed. Tony was still sprawled on his front, his back from shoulder to knee an abstract painting of red welts and bruises in yellow-green and blue-purple. What Steve could see of his face was stretched out in a blissful grin, his visible eye dazed and unfocused. (Steve's fingers itched for pencils or paints.) Tony gave a happy sigh. “You are going to kill me. I'm serious, I have a heart condition here, you know.
, in snug jeans and a shirt that had to be two or three sizes too small, and Tony could see every cut of ab, every curve of pec... He wrenched his eyes back to Steve's face. “I was just gonna have a drink and hit the hay, no need to worry about me, Captain Grandma.” He waved an arm as if that would explain everything.
Steve turned them to face each other and settled his hands on Tony's hips, distracting him with the pleasurepain of the bruises. “So, then, we agree. We're together because of who we are outside of the suits. I'm good with that. Go get plates.” He kissed Tony, then started laying bacon in the last pan.
Oy. So this chapter has been sitting, 95% done, in my WiP folder pretty much since the previous chapter was posted, but I hit a wall. This week, thanks to the stuckony Discord server and my lovely co-sprinters, I finally finished it, and now I bring it to you, my loyal readers (thanks for sticking with me, commenting, kudos'ing, etc, y'all make this thing worth it). The next couple of chapters are partly written, and I have Plans for sequels, so this story is nowhere near finished, never fear!
Steve covered Tony's hand with his own. “I'm fine with that. Honestly. I-” He smiled softly. “I'm perfectly happy with it being just in the family for now.” He couldn't help the grin. “We're gonna have to be careful not to touch each other that much, though, or smile too much at each other, or... Hmm, maybe we just shouldn't be out in public together for a while...” Tony, who had been looking more and more miserable with each 'can't', stared at him, stricken, at the last thought. Steve laughed and swooped in to kiss him. “Hey, you know, I'll be fine, it's less hiding than I would have had to do in the 40s.”
”. It seemed to focus on the 1960s and 70s, and as they wandered through, they learned how buildings in those tumultuous years had re-centered the people who lived in them and the work that they did. Tony was more than willing to dive deep into the cultural nuances of time and place for each of them, complete with witty asides and occasional reminiscing (aka gossip) about this architect or that photographer. Steve found he understood the upheaval and change far better through this concrete lens than he ever did from a SHIELD briefing, and, maybe more importantly, he discovered that he and Tony shared a passion for The Commons, for a space where anyone, rich or poor, young or old, could go to enjoy nature, or art, or music, or any of those things that made life worth living. He also ended up with another entry in his catch-up notebook, the name Frank Lloyd Wright, whom he was excited to learn more about.
“Um, what?” Tony froze, staring at him with one leg in and one leg out of his jeans. “What are you doing, I told you you could go back to sleep!”
Looking around, Steve had to agree that many of them were, in fact, gorgeous. They had all originally been designed to answer a particular need, mostly in 'developing countries' or as emergency response (there was even a whole section of products created to address specific challenges for people with disabilities that had since been repurposed to provide solutions that improved everyone’s life), but they also reflected the cultures and peoples that had made them. They might not seem beautiful at first glance, but both the artist and the tactician in him were actually quite pleased.
Steve was enjoying himself more than he'd expected. Tony moaning and writhing, making those desperate, scorchingly hot noises, was far better than he'd imagined, all of his senses
Thor nodded, but he also frowned even more deeply. “And here on Midgard there must be a special name for this? And an announcement? On Asgard it is the way of things... One may take any lover, without regard for gender or even species. Indeed, I have shared pleasure with male and female, Asgardian and dwarf...” He paused and chuckled. “And, just the once, a centaur...” He gave a happy sigh.
Clint squinted at them, then gaped. “Holy shit, they are! Look how smug you both are!” Sure enough, Tony knew he was grinning like the cat that got the canary
Tony was glad of his years of experience with formal events, as it meant he could navigate this one by rote, greeting nobles and courtiers as if they were long lost friends, rather than the leeches and vultures he knew them to be. His mind was not on any of that, though, but on the Omega he had left upstairs. For such a small person, his scent was surprisingly robust, cinnamon and clove and nutmeg, and Tony had honestly only been seeking a deeper taste of it when he’d discovered… the other thing. That was the part he was hung up on, as he supposed he should be, but not for the reasons others might assume. He was an Alpha, and his promised mate, the Omega that would be
“If you are going to get all maudlin and ridiculous I’m cutting you off. Come on. Let’s get you into a bed.”
“Maybe you should worry more about what’s good for you and less about what someone else would have thought about it?”
“Uh, yeah, I guess. I usually have an assistant to pick stuff up for me, but she’s back in New York.”
All three of the former humans dissolved into trilling laughter, while Phil looked over at Steve in commiseration. “I don’t get it either.”
“Aye, We’ve got word o’ bandits hidin’ to the south o’ the dunes. Eyes in th’ sky would be appreciated.”
“Anyway, I’m grateful you showed up. Pizza means a chance to hang out at the bar and flirt. I want to get a girlfriend by this weekend. Nothing is more depressing than being single in Valentine on Valentine’s Day.”
“We’ll all go,” Wanda continued, “That way someone can get eyes on Tony, and everyone has someone watching out for them. We don’t know how much danger Tony is in, or how dangerous going after him might be.”
“I… thought I was happy with Ty for a while… but he was kinda like Rachel in the not listening when I said no category.”
“I’m afraid I need to speak with him rather urgently. I would be willing to wait if he is returning in the next few days?”
“Steven, you may wish to attend to Sir at this time.” The urbane and rather British voice of Tony’s AI PA rang clearly through the speakers Tony had spread through the house, and Steve folded up his sketch pad and contemplated trying to hide the fruit while he was away.
“Aren’t you cold?” Tony asked Steve, gently considering the white t-shirt clad shoulder he was propped up against.
"Pretty sure you can't" Steve said cheerfully. "Everything in Valentine has been booked for months."
“Shhhh… be very quiet now. If Alexi hears us up here he will kill Tony before we can do a thing about it.” She whispered softly into his ear.
“We, huh?” Steve asked with an odd, bright smile before hefting Tony into the air. “How tall are we together?”
Fred Astaire? Tony thought confused, as he floated slowly to consciousness. He blinked absently at his surroundings, feeling more disoriented by the moment. He was dressed in an over large t-shirt and sweat pants, wrapped in an incredibly soft, and equally ugly heart printed blanket, curled up in the front passenger seat of some sort of van. All the vents were pointed at him, blasting a soporific wall of heat into his face, leaving him toasty warm despite the snow being pushed around the wind shield by the windshield wipers in front of him. Turning his head reveled his gorgeous blond driver, and must have made some sort of noise. The man glanced over at Tony out of the bluest eyes Tony had ever seen and smiled softly.
“I was in a boating accident with my parents years ago. They died, but I was fished out of the water unconscious. I was in a coma for a while and I woke up with a photographic memory. I know they aren’t really supposed to exist, members of the medical community made my life hell until I got emancipated and could tell them to go fuck themselves… so I read the history plaque at the gazebo and can repeat it verbatim whenever it comes up. I thought you might find it more interesting than any of the pages from my GED class.”
“That too, but mostly it would mean that I got to see you every evening.” Tony thought about that for a moment, thought about quiet meals like this one shuffled in amongst the crazy family pizza nights he had already experienced with Steve’s crew. He rolled the idea around, compared it to his usual habit of cold pizza when prompted and smoothies when they were placed in his hand while working and he felt this deep and desperate surge of
"I don't like hospitals." Tony responded firmly, trying desperately to remember how he might have ended up unconscious and in need of rescue... He'd been driving... He remembered that much, he didn't much like being driven any more, not after... No... Think about something different.
“It went. Ann was kinda unpleasant to work for, real picky and kept changing her mind about where things went. I was beginning to think I might need to let Clint and Pietro come home without me so that everyone’s evening plans didn’t get ruined.”
“Oh! Can I talk about the standard draconic marriage and childhood then?” Tony asked Steve. “And you can correct anything the books got wrong, or which is outdated.”
“We can’t let Alexi leave with the thing.” The pair crept back to the vent, listening quietly as a gruff voice cursed softly in Russian. Clint slipped free of Natalie’s hand and slid carefully into the vent. Directly beneath him was the empty basketball court, a few feet of careful wiggling gave him a view of the main lobby, where an unfamiliar red haired man leaned over Tony’s prone form, broken computer equipment surrounded them from where the table had been hastily cleared. A strange blue light glowed from Tony’s chest and the device embedded there was beyond obvious. Clint wiggled backwards, careful and silent, slithering back towards the maintenance access. Once there he ignored the ladder, remembering just how much noise the release made and clambered instead over to the climbing ropes.
“Hey, Hey, no need for that,” He caught Tony’s elbow, reflexively steadying his boyfriend. “I didn’t mean to startle you. What had so much of your attention?”
Tony looked where Phil had gestured, shook his head, then looked again, surprised by how much control he seemed to have over the distances at which his eyes were capable of focusing. “I bet it’s a moose. When he wants to dry meat for the winter he flies far enough to catch them. This is the time of year they normally congregate north of the Marsh.”
“So we should all three try to become dragons. That will diffuse it somewhat and you can keep it from killing us with your piece. The only other solution is to go on a quest for the third piece, try and find a dragon to bear the third piece, and come back to try exactly this thing with all three pieces, if any of us live that long.”
“I guess so? I’ve never had anyone want to keep dating after the lies start coming to light.” Clint responded.
“I wouldn’t have minded you ruining our evening plans,” Wanda replied, “I’m not exactly looking forward to dinner with Crystal.”
“Facilities. These halls and tunnels are not the first I have carved and tended,” Steve said. “The magic in the shield is so that I can use it to…sssssssssssssssivvvvvvvvvver… force melted rock into existing structures to reinforce them? Without damaging the shield.”
“The population recovered and dragons stopped valuing them. Born dragons started disdaining humans and hybrids and insisted on breeding only with other born dragons. The term Purebred came into use and the leader of the ‘purebred’ tried to take the artifact from its bearers by force and use it to exterminate any dragon with human ancestry. The artifact broke in his hands, each piece shooting off in its own direction and he was left scarred and unsatisfied in a world where he had to hunt down mixed heritage dragons and kill them himself. Then the eggs started to not hatch, and the eggs that did hatch produced young that were weak, and sickly. My teacher went looking for the artifact, and started campaigning against purebred ideology. It didn’t go well for him, and he started thinking that the best thing to do would be to establish some new city of dragons founded on the ideals of diversity and freedom…”Steve trailed off. “Anyway I’m pretty sure the piece Phil has is the piece that was traditionally held by a hybrid. He isn’t one, which is why he can’t manage it. It is usually granted to a human during the course of making them a hybrid, which is why normal humans touching it was so bad for them.”
“Right.” Tony sighed, as Steve slipped his key into the door on their right. “You are worse than Rhodey.”
In 616 Alexi refers to Natasha as his ‘Krasivaya Paook’ (spelling from comic), his beautiful spider. I don’t speak any Russian, so if I messed up his line that’s all on me.
“Couples get their names engraved on the hearts over at Billy’s shop, then hang them on the Tree of Hearts. I help Billy out on the weekends with the engravings. He can’t keep up with the weekend business. I’ll help all week the weeks before and after Valentine’s day as well.”
“No. We use them for everything. Digging, reinforcing, carrying, forging, fighting, dancing…”Phil trailed off in thought.
“Anthony can often be found here, that is true, but I have recently been too occupied to work on projects with him. I can give him a message when he returns if you would like.” Steve replied.
“She was perfect. Everything dad would have wanted for me. Exactly the sort of woman he said I should find and marry.”
“I thought the attic above this room would make a nice studio. It has lots of windows. The attic above the main house has lots of windows too, and its bigger, but bright yellow? I don’t know how I feel about that. I thought about changing it before you saw it, but I’ve never asked how You feel about bright yellow.”
“I might try that.” Steve replied with a blink. “I don’t know how well they’ll produce with us nesting nearby. Did you want my company on this patrol?”
“You can’t exactly come with me,” Tony pointed out. “You won’t fit through any of the doors or hallways inside the manor.”
“I’m the only one they might recognize.” Tony pointed out. “And I’m standing just fine.” He lifted his hands from the table he was braced against as a demonstration, and almost tipped over. He only stayed upright because Steve caught him around the waist.
“Sure. But once we’re inside they can’t bother us again until we leave. We can have our reception at the hotel, you can pick whichever photos you want to release from our photo package, and there won’t be anything for them to scoop by the time we leave.”
“I make a decent spaghetti.” Steve offered, then headed off into the kitchen to the sounds of generalized assent. Dinner was full of fun familial chatter and Crystal didn’t leave until Clint returned. The five headed off to their various beds, Steve once again insisting that Tony take his bed. In the morning Tony was the first one out the door, headed to Joey’s to work on his car, but less than an hour later the quartet’s calm morning routine was shattered by Crystal’s voice screaming “Pietro! Pietro! Open up!” accompanied by pounding on door.
The apartment door opens to a wall of sound. The TV was blaring some Hallmark Christmas re-run about what looked like a soldier and a ski instructor. A young brunet woman was arguing vociferously with an equally young man with bleached hair about crystals, while a slightly older blond man kibitzed and played darts. All the conversation ground to a halt as Steve ushered Tony over to the couch and got him situated comfortably on it. Someone even found the remote and shut off the TV.
It was indeed a moose, a youngish male one. And while the three new dragons stared at it in consternation Phil and Steve skinned it and ripped it apart into six big chunks. Tony gnawed on his leg for a moment, then tried the grab and rip maneuver he’d seen Steve perform hundreds of times. He made a startling amount of mess consuming his former body weight in meat, then tried to groom himself with his oddly barbed tongue in another maneuver he’d seen Steve perform hundreds of times. It worked surprisingly well to get the blood off of his feathers. Tony blinked and shook his head, annoyed at himself for being surprised. Steve was clean, and smelled pleasant most of the time. Why was he surprised that Steve’s cleaning methods worked well? Once clean Tony moved over to Steve and tucked himself back into his customary position under one of the bigger dragon’s wings. After a moment he realized he was making Steve’s soft rather purr like sound of contentment and hiccuped himself to a stop. It was rather startling how instinctive some of these dragon noises seemed to be. The other four dragons all looked at him with some variation of amusement and he fluffed a bit in embarrassment. If he’d still had visible skin he would definitely have been blushing. Tony tried to focus on how correctly he had been translating Steve's emotional cues, rather than how transparently he himself was behaving.
“There isn’t much to frame?” Tony sighed. “My dad was a jerk. He wanted us to be just like him, and Gregory obliged. I did too, for a while. It was the only I way I really knew how to be? Mom had tried to live differently, but she died when I was young. Obadiah encouraged the awfulness. With the three of us constantly tearing at each other or drunk, he could do what he wanted with the workers. Greg paid to have me horrifically killed. I didn’t die but I did realize there wasn’t much in my life worth living for. I tried to make some changes at home, and learned that the rest of the family was actually happy with their lifestyles of alcoholism and betrayal. If I wanted anything else I was going to either have to leave, or do it over their dead bodies. So I approached Steve and tricked him into letting me move in here.”
Steve had clearly been expecting to leave town after Danny’s. Tony had asked earlier in the week if it was OK to plan to spend the night in Scranton. Tony studied those wide blue eyes in the surprisingly bright light of the lamps that surrounded Valentine’s ‘Lovers Garden’. Then pulled a wide flat box from where he’d slipped it down between the seats. “This isn’t your actual Present, but I remembered the way you talked about these and thought that it would be worth braving the cold to hang one.”
“Government agency, one of the many who wanted to interview me when I got back from Afghanistan… I’ve been putting them off.” Tony said.
They were in the middle of the third episode when Clint, Pietro and Steve got back, not that Tony actually noticed Pietro passing through the room. The sound of the bathroom door closing and Clint’s complaints about how he had called dibs on the first shower were the only signs of the presence of the youngest of the Three guys with a Truck. Steve ignored the fracas by the bathroom and perched on the arm of the couch next to Tony.
“Steve DOES look just like the guy.” Pietro protested. “Particularly when he does the pose. Do the pose Steve.”
“It was Clint’s fault really,” Steve mused after a pause. “I mean we met at the courthouse. I’d just gotten emancipated, and he was released from Juvie on the same day. There was no one to pick either of us up, so we were just sitting there on a bench, dressed in ill-fitting suits, him with a garbage bag of mostly ruined belongings and me with three hundred dollars and a folder stuffed with my paperwork. Neither of us had any idea of what to do with ourselves. He was assuming he would rob someone when he got hungry enough. He knew a bit about stealing, his older brother taught him before getting them both arrested.”
“Got it.” Pietro responded before zipping off to fill his sister in. Clint and Steve waited a few moments until they heard the quiet sounds of their van starting up and rolling out of the parking lot. Then they moved in, slipping silently through the gym to the central of the three doors to the lobby, the one that left them directly across from Alexi, and only a few feet from Tony.
“We can watch something else if you like?” Steve offered. He was studying Tony’s face in way that made Tony wish for his sunglasses. It made him feel vulnerable. He kissed Steve deeply, trying to distract both of them from the awkward moment, then leaned over to rest his forehead on Steve’s shoulder.
“Ah, see, Anthony is desperately needed back in Shikaakwa. His parents are dead, and his brother is missing.”
“You were expecting something more Jan van Eyck I take it?” Wanda replied, one eyebrow raised in question. “Would you prefer me to go change?”
“We shouldn’t tell them about the artifacts.” She said firmly. “We should have some other story… Maybe… Tony, Clint and I are siblings. Tony came here to be your mate, we came to keep him company, and Phil came to stay with his mate Clint.”
“Well, once I was fledged, and allowed out onto the flight platforms, I started by stretching and exercising my wings.” Phil said.
“And there are three, and dragon culture once revolved around them.” The red head said softly, “and now you only have legends about how they worked.”
“Oh, ummm, I think the artifact piece I have, and the artifact piece he has are reacting to each other.” Steve commented thoughtfully. “I suspect the problem is that he wasn’t prepared to merge with it. I mean… He probably meant to use it rather than merge with it, and ended up doing both. My teacher told me never to try to use them unless all three are together and then killed himself using mine without any of the others around. They are supposed to glow when near each other, which is why I thought I could find the others.”
“In the bag with the clothes you were wearing. I don’t know much about first aid, but I do know enough to get hypothermic people out of their wet stuff so they can warm up.” Steve rustled around in the back of the van before coming around to Tony’s door with a duffle bag slung over one shoulder. “You are wearing my spare stuff right now, but I don’t have a spare pair of boots.”
“My girlfriend is coming to meet me here. And I want it to be perfect… I haven’t been… around a lot… this last, um few months… I had a … thing… overseas that… uh… took a lot longer than I expected. Things have been distant with Rumi since I got back. It doesn’t take much looking around to think ‘Hey, this looks like the perfect place to reconnect.’” Tony settled his bags of chocolates, Flowers, and bottles in the back of the van.
“Can anyone think of a better plan?” Steve asked. After a round of negative responses he turned to Tony and continued. “How long will it take Obadiah to return to your former clan home?”
“True, but you are exceptional.” Tony shrugged and looked away, trying to hide the fact that he was as warmed by Steve’s sincere praise as thoroughly as his body heat. “You didn’t mention the third.”
“We can set you up a Workshop here if you want to sleep in a workshop. You can have any of the rooms, whichever works for you. I can bring you dinner there, and we can set up a bed or a comfy couch.” Steve paused to blink at Tony quietly while Tony struggled to find words. “Think about it while we get breakfast… or while you work when you’ve dropped me off after breakfast. You don’t have to decide right now. I’m not going anywhere.”
“Pretty much, though with two pieces together the third piece should be drawn here, if it has a bearer to carry it. I can make sure this piece doesn’t kill Phil indefinitely, but I can’t do that and go looking for the third piece.”
“That’s, uh, prenups are in case of divorce, not accidents.” Tony tried to explain and not cry at the same time.
“Really? Wall color matters to babies? I can’t remember having any particular feelings about the color of my bedroom walls…”
“The first person I ever dated seemed perfect for me. Everyone we both knew kept talking about how perfect we were for each other. I didn’t have the experience with happiness to recognize how empty our relationship was, I just kept throwing my all into making it work. I’m lucky she broke it off with me, though it really didn’t feel that way at the time. I just felt like a failure, kept wondering what I’d done wrong that it was over, what I could have done differently to make it work. You sound like me after Bernie broke up with me. But neither of us had done anything wrong, we just didn’t fit together.”
“I wasn’t expecting…”Steve paused, glancing around at his new family “… this. I traded with one of the local farms for some delicacies.”
The next morning dawned clear and Steve woke to the unfamiliar sound of birds squabbling in the yard he had yet to really see. He could have gotten up and gone over to the window to look out at them, but instead he curled himself just a bit more tightly around his bedmate, enjoying the way the light and shadow changed the shapes of Tony’s face and the gentle exhalations of the other’s breath. Tony stirred his way towards morning much more slowly and groggily and Steve greeted him with a chaste good morning kiss. The two wandered into the bathroom to take care of their morning breath at the side by side sinks.
After some hesitation the toddler let out a happy noise and splashed the water with his tiny hands. Giggling. Smiling the soldier just watched. Suddenly some of the soap bubbles started floating, changing shape. A green light enveloped the tiny hands. Likely confirming his suspicion. This truly was Loki.
"That's odd in and of itself, if you think about it", the soldier said as he cooked dinner. His boyfriend had their charge on his lap while the TV played cartoons. "Why would a thousand year old god speak fluent English?"
As he tidied the space he came across a book lying on a desk. Unlike the rest, this one had not been thrown around. Instead, it seemed almost forgotten. Picking it up Thor realised he recognised it. A few centuries earlier, in this very room, Loki had talked enthusiastically about the content. How it was a super rare spellbook with a spell almost no one knew about. At the time, he had not really listened to his brother. Being too caught up in his own things to care about a book.
Loki was sitting on the floor of the kitchen , bawling. In front of him were pots and pans. Specifically, the ones that had been on the drying rack. Picking up the boy he looked him over for any injuries.
"Didn't think so", the strawberry blonde woman shook her head and then actually smiled. "Tony, I'm happy for you two but as always, you don't think things through."
A hangover... other substances could give a similar reaction but he doubted those would work on Steve. Most drugs and poisons had no affect on him.
"Alright. I believe you. He will need a birth certificate, JARVIS can probably help me with that, some bits of background information, just in case, and..." the engineer let her babble as he joined his fiancé.
"I see..." the two Avengers waved goodbye and left. Loki grabbed Wilson's hand and dragged them to his stash of toys. There were fewer of them than she had expected. Considering Tony's usual spending habits. Babbling the boy showed off his toys happily.
JARVIS let him inside and he headed up. Still with the tiny Trickster on his back. When Tony saw them he chuckled.
"It means he is our son, Steve's and I. As for your brain, that would be the electromagnetic therapy. You don't remember yesterday?"
"You will get wrinkles if you keep that up." Standing the engineer stretched, feeling his joints soften a bit. "Thanks, Steve. I needed to hear that. And just so you know, you are more than an experiment from a bottle. We wouldn't be able to win without you either."
It wasn't a sunny day but it was cold and there wasn't supposed to be raining. Going through emails on his phone Tony kept an eye on Loki as he ran around the playground. Beside him on the bench sat Steve with a sketchbook and a pencil. Drawing their son. His husband had given the engineer a sketchbook full of drawings depicting him as an anniversary gift. It had been sweet and so typical for the soldier. Going for something meaningful rather than something that cost money.
the AI was interrupted by a loud, metallic, crash. On his feet in seconds the engineer rushed out of his office and towards the sound of crying.
He was feeling very tired as he made his way up to the penthouse. Once the adrenaline had run its course, he was left with some kind of handover. Making him feel crappy.
"This is our son, Loki", the engineer said without missing a beat. "And anyone who try to hurt him any way better say their prayers. Because we won't let anything happen to him."
Thunder Pants had mulish expression. "I will retreat to my own chambers before I do something I regret", he said. Stood and left. Feeling his heartbeat slow down as the adrenaline drained out of him, Tony started crying.
"Hold up", the pen lady said. She looked at her paper. "He's not one of ours. He is either with another daycare or with his parents."
"We are done", she said. "Obviously I can never be more important than... than your stupid machines! Good luck finding anyone willing to put up with you like this."
Meaning the archer was not prepared when he was suddenly forced from his seat. Stumbling he stared at the engineer.
"Vaccines, huh?" Tony said, stroking his beard. "Couldn't hurt to get them done. Better safe than sorry and all that."
Frustrated and angry, Thor watched his brother run to his shield brothers. Still crying and wailing. Stark sat down on one knee and let the child hide in his arms. Rubbing his back and speaking soothingly to him. Once the boy was calmer Rogers picked him up and they walked over to the men.
"Thanks", Tony said. He had tipped generously before, so he accepted the drink. Leaning in close, he whispered in his husband's ear. "I have a reservation for us at the nearby hotel. Want to go there after we finished these drinks?"
"Thank you", Steve said and picked up the smaller watch. Putting it on the engineer's wrist. Swallowing he took the other watch and placed it on his husband's -
Smiling to himself, Steve watched the engineer disappear down a flight of stairs. Outside, the city was slowly starting to rebuild. A lot of people had died in the invasion and the destruction was overwhelming. As a result, crime rates had rising dramatically and would-be villains was running rampant. The public had cried for help while law enforcement was either overwhelmed or powerless. Thus the Avengers staying in the Tower while helping out when needed.
"Mean man, maybe-aunt, Thor..." the tiny Trickster sniffles and started wailing again. Making his two dads look coldly at the snow-trapped trio.
For some time, Toni just watched him sleep, looking for any sort of movement or clue that he was going to wake up. She found herself wondering how long her father had been sleeping at her bed side. Had he been here the whole time that she had been out? He couldn't have been there the whole time, right? That was not the father she remembered growing up, but then again, she had been learning that since she arrived in this time. This was not her father.
"Bucky wouldn't want this," Rogers stated as he stepped toward her. "He wouldn't want you to cut yourself off."
"I don't remember much," she lied. She knew it would be the best answer, because he wouldn't be able to question her. "I woke up in a hospital a few days ago with no memory of who I was or where I was," she stated slowly.
Natasha, who seems to be full of looks, gives him a nasty, playful look. "Don't make me hurt you, because I'm here trying to protect your ass," she says, as she slaps him playfully on the back of his head. "And me hurting you isn't a part of the deal, though it's quite fun."
The roar of the bullets was the first thing Toni heard. The glass breaking was the second, but she didn't even have time to process that before the glass flew
"Of course," Toni snapped. She didn't want her father anywhere near her device, and she would do anything to get it away from him short of killing him.
She took a deep breath before she spoke, "I'm leaving." His eyes widened and his mouth dropped open.
"And are we going to sit around and do nothing as he tricks us?" Steve snapped. Clint eyed him but said nothing.
Toni didn't answer Rogers, as she stared at him with an unforgiving stare. It was Bruce, who spoke, "Easy, Steve. Let her collect herself. Give her some time."
Gabe turned to her. "Vous parlez français. Vous êtes impressionnants femme," he said. "See I told you French helps you get women." He elbowed Morita.
"Damn you and that Brooklyn Accent," Toni cursed as she kept a firm hand on him. Her legs always went weak at knees whenever he used that accent, and he knew it, which was why he used it so damn much. He liked to see her like this.
"Let's get you back," he said, holding her tightly. He could see the sleepiness in her eyes as she fought to stay awake. "You rest. I got you."
"Of the people in this room, which one is; a) wearing a spangly outfit, and b) not of use?" Toni replied.
After they restrained him and a few additional, long, painful treatments, he returned to the field, killing even more targets, and for a while, he had forgotten about her. She didn't plague his mind for god knows how long, but while returning to the base after a kill, he froze, eyeing a news article. It was about that unknown woman. For a few long minutes, he stared at the image of her as all his desires came flooding back, and it took all that he had not to hunt her down. It would be easy now, because he had a name. He knew who she was. She was Toni Stark, and she was
The woman- Toni, he reminded himself- got to her feet within seconds and spun around quickly. Standing in the darken shadows, he knew she wouldn't be able to make out his face, but he couldn't help but wish she could. He wanted to look into her eyes to see the emotions in her eyes, but that would be wrong. He was just the Asset, a tool, and he was trained never to look into someone's eyes, unless he was killing said person. To look at someone in the eyes was personal and it also sent a message; it made him more than a tool, which he wasn't. He was a weapon.
"So what stops me from changing my mind about the deal after I help you?" she asked, not wanting to think about him touching her.
Steve had always been good at keeping his calm, even in the most stressful of situations, but right now, his worry was getting the better of him. With his mind playing the worst thoughts, he didn't have time to play these games, not with Toni missing. Why the hell did he let her leave his sight?
Toni turned toward Rogers, who was wearing a large smile. That smiled warmed her up, unlike what Barnes' smile did to her. Barnes made her feel hot, while Rogers made her feel safe, even if he couldn't really protect her at this time. She loved that feeling, but she didn't want to admit that. Shaking her head, she turned to the table. I wanted to avoid this, she thought to herself. She didn't want to get close enough to him to make an impression.
But Toni was sick of their conversation. They were loud and annoying. How could anyone sleep through it? "So loud," she moaned as she tried to open her eyes. Her eyes lids weight a ton.
He glanced back at the Black Widow, glaring at the broken helmet. He didn't know why he took such an offense to it, but he wanted to blow it up. He wanted to toss it as far as he could, never wanting to see it again…well unless Toni was here with her suit.
Dugan put a hand up to stop him. "My mind slips and at times, I don't remember what I had for dinner, but I…" He drifted off leaving Steve to wonder if he had fallen asleep. He watched him in silence until Dugan spoke again, "Have you heard of Toni Stark?"
Toni woke up covered in sweat. She would've screamed if she could've, but her throat felt like it was on fire. The dream felt so real that she had to lift up her shirt to make sure she hadn't been stabbed. Though she knew it was a fucken dream, she expected there to be blood. "What's wrong with me?" she asked as she was bent over trying to catch her breath.
Toni stared at his tensed shoulders and almost laughed. He didn't think she was crazy; he was jealous, which was funny. However, him liking her wasn't a good thing. "Not like you? The guy, who's always picked up random woman?"
Who the hell was this master? And did Loki have any part in it? There was no doubt in her genius mind that he was involved. Did it have anything to do with that he deal he made her?
Apart of her didn't want it to work, as it could be used as a weapon. This world ran on power, and to suddenly take that, there would be massive panic. The world could be thrown into darkness. She didn't want to think about the consequences if this got out. So why was she building this? She thought she was out of the weapon business. Shaking her head, she told herself this wasn't a weapon. It was a shield for her team, when they went on dangerous missions. She wouldn't let anyone outside of the Avengers get their hands on it.
Clint was still in his Agent Barton mood, dressed in his Hawkeye gear minus the bow. He was covered head to toe in dirt and sweat. He looked totally exhausted, but he still sported a smile. "Which is?" he asked.
Toni forced her eyes opened and took a look around, almost jumping at the sight of a man a few feet away.
Toni's smile faded and for a few long seconds, she was quiet, deadly silent, unsure of how to respond. How could he say that after everything that happened? Didn't he know what that woman had done? "Okay, you reached your limit for the day, Colonel," she snapped, coldly. "If that's all, we have to get this set up." She glared at him before turning to walk away.
He stared at the file as if he was reading it but he wasn't. After a few seconds, he looked up at her. "You're correct. I'm not sending a woman out into the battlefield." He flipped a page over.
After running into a few setbacks, she had to give it to her father, but she didn't give up. She was going to best him, because she refused to be second to her father. She shifted through some more codes before finding the code that she wanted. Toni smiled evilly when she broke through the security wall and gained full access; however, the smile on her face did not last long. "Is that footsteps?" she asked herself, glancing back at the door. She could tell by the sound of the steps that they were getting closer. She needed to get this done now.
Steve gave her a smile as he wrapped his arms around her. "Hey, if I can't have snow, then I get a Christmas tree."
it. "You should go get Howard. He would love to see Steve. And I'm sure Steve would like to see Howard. They were such good friends."
Toni turned to him with a huge smile. As they were on the edge of camp and there was no one around, she felt comfortable enough to hardcore flirt. She wanted to prove to Peggy that she could get Barnes whenever she wanted. "Why don't you tell me how much?" She asked seducingly as she tipped toe up and whispered into his ear.
Phillips was sitting in a chair by her bed side. "Dr. Zola didn't want it. I was tempted to eat it myself but I figured I would be nice and give it to you."
After Toni had disappeared behind that door, Dum Dum and Gabe had taken their leave, though Steve would've loved to have spent more time with them. He would've loved to have heard stories about their lives after the war, but it was time for them to leave. It was starting to get awkward with Clint, Bruce, and Natasha hovering over their shoulders, and this situation with Pepper only made it worse.
"She's a trigger," the handler replied with an annoyance and disgust. He was eyeing the Rumlow, over his last statement. "We have to ease his mind, whenever he catches sight of her. For some reason, she means something to him." He looked over the Assassin, studying his expression. "When Stark time traveled, she got into his head like all Starks do and missed with it."
Steve narrowed his eyes at Clint, refusing to think along those lines. He didn't want to believe that Toni's guilt was so strong that she would resort to drugs. "JARVIS, what's Toni doing? And where is she exactly?" He asked. He didn't care where she was or what she was going. He was going to find her and bring her back.
"Yay," she cheered as she gave him a jumping hug. She wrapped her arms round him and buried her face in his uniform. She didn't care about her no hugging rule, and she didn't care that she was hugging the Captain, who was an asshole by definition. She was hugging her Shrimp, and who cared about the rules, when he wrapped his arms around her? "Bigger than I remember, Steve." She laughed.
The genius couldn't take the silence. It was driving her crazy. Why couldn't he just say something? Anything? "I thought I made myself clear, Rogers," she said, trying to sound as cruel as she could be. "Are you look-"
"No, that movie is shit," Wilson states, loudly, as he takes up an entire love sit near the door. "And we have seen it a hundred times."
After the read in of their mission, Steve found himself on a jet 500 so feet in the air, getting ready to jump onto a lone boat in the middle of the ocean. He was at the back, staring out at the ocean, as the STRIKE team were in the front, loading up. Romanoff was a few feet from him, adjusting her Black Widow's Bite. She had a few other weapons on her, though she was focused on her bits. Even with her back to him, he could see the tension in her shoulder as she worked. He wished Barton was here only for the sheer fact that he could calm the woman from anything, but he was off doing something. Something that no one would tell him about.
Toni took another slip as she stared mindlessly stared across the room and out the window. There wasn't much visible outside as everything was covered in darkness. The sun hadn't risen and wouldn't for another hour or so. No matter how hard she stared, Toni wouldn't be able see much in the darkness, not that she was interested in seeing the breathtaking view at the moment. The shadows, the only thing Toni saw, was all that she focused on. She couldn't look away from the dark shades, pondering what had created each shape.
Barnes broke out laughing, causing them both to stare at him. "Were you two on a date? And here, I'm flirting with her." He paused. "…You're calling him Steve now?"
Somehow, someway, Toni found her way to the lab, which was just pure dumb luck. It was a random choice that Toni made based on the windows, which were covered. With a sore body and feet, she rushed over to the building and pushed through the doorway. To her joy, she guessed right.
"No, clue," Clint said with a shrug and a frown. "I don't want to spend my Christmas on a mission either, but duty calls."
Okay, she knew how; it was his personality and his innocence that got him noticed by the Dr. Erskine. Even now, she could see how kind and sweet he was (oh, it did make her sick a little) just by looking into his eyes, his beautiful eyes. Did I just refer to his eyes as beautiful? What's going on with me? Whatever it was, she didn't care for it one bit. She was Toni F-ing Stark and she did not compliment people unless they were Pepper or Rhodey and she really didn't compliment Steve Rogers.
It was freaken freezing in the room, which made Toni want to beat someone. Did they really think they could get her to talk when she was frozen to the death? She didn't think so. They could just send the Doctor in, who seemed to be able to get through her defenses. I wonder who they would send in next. If they sent in her father, it wouldn't be pretty. She would find some way to hit him with a chair or something. She knew she couldn't kill or maim him, because that would miss up the timeline and stuff, and she would like to be born.
"Huh?" she uttered, feeling unsteady on her feet, but she didn't like feeling of his hand on her shoulder.
"I'm not babying you," he said as she put her weight against him. "Just worried." He held her close to keep her on her feet. "You had us all worried." He glanced at her, focusing on her discolored face.
Finding her was pure luck as he almost walked right pass the empty lot trying to forget his failures. She had been crying out for help but neither he nor anyone around him could hear her in all the noise. It had been a loud night that day in New York and her cries couldn't be heard over the loud music and voices. If it wasn't for the small cat he chased into the lot trying to save, he would have never found the girl.
Steve stepped toward the brunette, who a step back for each step the blond took to her. "Then show me."
Steve loosened his grip on the genius, ignoring the comment. "If you all don't mind, Toni and I are going to get something to eat."
Toni rushed over as she saw Barnes threw him to the ground. She couldn't allow Barnes to beat the shit out of him as it would end with him in the brig. "Bucky, stop," she yelled as she ran toward him. When he didn't respond, she yelled once more, "Stop!" She grabbed his arm and tried to pull him back. She didn't know what it was, but nothing she did disturbed him. Sure, he was stronger than her, but she at least should've been able to do something. "Barnes!"
"Grandpa? One of you two reproduced?" Toni asked, shocked. "Who was the unlucky lady? Who do I need to send the flowers to?"
As if in a horror move, the doors started to close. Acting immediately, Steve attempted to stop the doors by throwing his shield to act like an opposing force, but it just bounced loudly against the metal before returning to him. Forcing himself to remind calm, he turned to Natasha. "Any how way out?"
The Private glanced at Peggy before focusing on Toni and giving her a look. "Something private, Agent. It's none of your concern," he stated through his teeth.
. Once more, Toni paid no attention to it, because JARVIS would alert her if it was more than just a shadow. "Damn it," she muttered to herself. Shaking her head, she took a step way, but as she turned away, lighting struck, lighting up the entire scenery.
Toni took a deep breath as she made her way back to her tent. After leaving the Colonel, she felt ill, and with each passing second, she felt worse as she eyed the solders. Was she sentencing them all to death?
The genius let out a deep breath, wondering if she should just leave. She didn't need her armors as she had a fleet of classic cars downstairs, all ready to be driven. All itching to be driven. It would be easy to sneak down to the garage and disappear onto the streets behind a wheel of a car; however, she supposed it would be best if she didn't get behind the wheel when she was like this. Her mind was hazy, and she couldn't think, as even basic math was difficult to do. She was exhausted, ready to fall asleep at any second; there was no way that she could drive in this state. All she could think about was her guilt, and it drove her crazy. Maybe, if she could sleep, she would feel better, but she doubted that she could sleep with her night terrors. Not with dreams of Bucky.
"'Why?' Are you serious? Can you really say all these things, see all these things, and still be so blind? Adult Loki was killed unjustly. Before that he was treated like trash. What did you do with his body?"
"Your floor is fully renovated by now, Aragorn", the engineer said. "Why don't you take a look when you come back and have JARVIS order furniture."
"We ran into each other at the park. Mr. Stark was kind enough to invite me. You must be Doctor Banner, and you have to be Thor. I have to say Mr. Stark..."
"He ran into me. I'm glad I found you two so fast. Say, do I know you? You are both awfully familiar."
Petting his son's hair Tony felt his chest filling with warmth. Bending down he gave a small kiss to the boy's forehead.
The blond was crying, and it looked painful. Mind rushing the engineer tried to sort his thoughts. He knew his husband had had some very trying days. Faced with impossible choices. There were no point on being angry or add to the guilt.
Steve was feeling overwhelmed with emotions. All the things he used to dream of, a spouse and a child, was suddenly right there. A tad different, certainly, but more precious because of it.
"Have fun, Mischief", the engineer said waving as the elevator door closed. Only then did he let out his real emotions. "I fucking hate Asgard", he growled.
"I'm not suggesting we get back together or anything", she continued. Yeah, that ship had not only sailed but also sunk and buried on the bottom of the ocean. Before he could say anything however.
Still, it was now almost Christmas and they were still together. Trying to figure out how they could get some alone time during Christmas without drawing attention. They couldn't exactly go out on dates.
Heart stinging from the rejection the god of thunder still greeted them. "Friends, it has been a while. Loki..."
The engineer wrapped his arms around the strong neck, stepping close. His husband placed his hands in the curve of his back.
"What about you, Cap?" She asked. "I don't think Banner or Clint would be a good match for a roommate. More than we already are."
"Is anyone here?" He called, poking his head around a corner. A few adults were sitting in some sofas.
Sensing dangerous waters, Bucky stepped in. "That is true for most people", he said. "But some people have two dads or two moms. Just like sometimes someone only have one parent. Loki have two dads. Which is normal, just a different kind of normal."
"That makes sense. We will have to figure out what he wants best we can and try to help him make the connection." Steve said and placed the food on the table. "Dinner's ready."
"I don't think anyone can make you an honest man", Steve said teasingly. "But I'm definitely trying to make you a happy man."
Looking closer he could tell it had been deliberate. It had to be someone who could move quietly and quickly. There were only two in the team who fit that description. And only one who held a grudge.
Slamming the door behind him Bucky rushed to the bathroom where he threw up violently. Even though there was barely anything in his stomach. Washing out his mouth he returned to the bedroom and collapsed against the bed.
Next time he woke up, it was because his husband was giving him kisses. Gentle as always. A hand petted his hair. Sighing pleasantly, he snuggled into the strong arms.
"I have told you my news. I now need to return to Asgard. Hopefully we will meet again soon." With that, the Thunderer turned dramatically and left.
Those words didn't make much sense to the kid. He tried to take a few steps back. Intending to return to his parents. Boredom was better than this.
pet. You're mine, don't you ever forget it.” He bit, hard, into the meat of Tony's shoulder, and let the clenching of Tony's muscles blast him over the edge.
to stroll arm-in-arm up the stairs and across their own living room, but when they got to the bedroom, Tony paused uncertainly, just inside the doorway, glancing over at Steve as though they had never even kissed before, and he was asking permission. Steve smiled, softly but with a wicked edge, and twisted around to face him, then hooked his finger in the collar of Tony's shirt, and undid the top button. Tony grinned, feeling more at ease, and went to shrug out of his coat, but Steve caught his wrist and shook his head. “I have been itching to do this all day, let me.” He slid his hands out, across Tony's collarbones, then down his arms inside the coat sleeves, drawing the coat down and leaving goosebumps on Tony's biceps. When the coat had dropped away, Steve's hands went to the next shirt button, and undid it gently. He leaned in and pressed a kiss to the hollow of Tony's throat. Tony shivered delightfully, and Steve undid the next button, then kissed the arc reactor.
He was treated to a dizzying view for a moment as Rhodey waved both hands around. “No. No, I want no details whatsoever. I mean, obviously I'm very happy for you, but I don't need to know about the existence of certain people's love lives, much less all the dirty things I'm sure you get up to with- Oh, God, I'm never going to be able to look at him the same way, dammit Tony!” He brought the phone back to his face so he could give Tony a hairy eyeball. “You. You are a bad influence on everyone around you, and I don't know whether to be horrified or proud. Also, on behalf of the American people, if you break his heart, I will break every bone in your legs and leave you to your fangirls.” He sighed and grinned fondly. “That said, I really am happy for you. And I'll watch the press conference, I promise. But now I'm going back to sleep. Good night, Tony.” He hung up before Tony could respond, but Tony was pretty pleased with the conversation anyway.
The elevator pinged and let them out on the ground floor, and Steve smiled as they headed out, no longer arm in arm, but still close enough that their arms brushed against each other. “This is great. I mean, even if I hate it all, I'm glad you're taking me to get familiar with artists I missed, you know? It's thoughtful.”
He grinned at her. “That will be all, Ms. Potts. Thank you.” His smile softened. “Really, Pep, thanks for all you do. You really are amazing.”
you keep working on it.” And with that perfect distraction that gave him perfect focus, he managed to nearly be late to work at SI.
anytime you wanted it!) and popped it in his mouth. “Nah, it's actually pretty amazing. We could even make it a Sunday thing for us, if you want.” He glanced up and over at the camera in the corner. “Thanks for ordering for us, JARVIS.”
Steve gave him a stern look. “And what exactly is wrong with fantastic sex? Should I be ashamed of being a healthy adult with a sex drive?” He crossed his arms over his chest, but Tony could see the twinkle in his eye. “I thought Americans, in the 21st century, would be more enlightened than that.” Clint attempted to sputter out an explanation or a justification or something, but Steve couldn't keep a straight face, and burst out laughing. “Oh, your
He lost track of time, of the whole world, really, his awareness narrowed down to the thud of Captain's hand on his ass, his thighs and back, and to the delicious, but not-quite-enough, friction of his cock against Captain's thigh. (If he could concentrate just right, he was pretty sure he could count the hairs on that section of thigh, his cock was that sensitive, but there was no way he was concentrating on
Tony shrugged carelessly and flopped next to him, thighs pressed against each other. “Well, it was supposed to be dessert last night, but we got a little distracted...” He sighed happily at the memory, and stuck two fingers in the cake, pulling off a chunk. He shoved the chunk in his mouth and talked around it. “Befide, we're phil felebrathing.”
There was too much space between them. Steve drifted closer. “No, actually. I thought there might be something up with you. You were awful quiet all evening. You ok?” Oh, sure, great, go all mother hen on him. That's awful romantic, Rogers!
Tony's finger spasmed slightly. “Oh, baby, you are good for everything.” He gave a pleased groan, and slid the second finger in without pulling out the first at all. Steve made a high, needy noise, feeling amazingly full up, and yet not nearly full enough. His hips writhed, not sure if he wanted to push toward or pull away or just find that one perfect spot... “Oh, fuck, oh, God, look at you, baby, look how bad you want it, God, that's so sexy...” He was really working those two fingers now, scissoring them open and shut, twisting them this way and that. He pulled them most of the way back, and when he slid in again, there was the soothing coolness of the lubricant. “Oh, and you took the third so damn easily...” That was three? It hardly felt any different. “God, I feel like I could cum through my fingertips, you feel so good. Fuck, Steve, baby, I can't- you need to...” Steve suddenly felt Tony's forehead pressed against one of his buttocks; Tony's breath was harsh pants across his most sensitive flesh. His fingers slid out slowly, almost reluctantly. “Ohh, I am fairly certain I am going to wish for your refractory period very, very soon.” Steve felt as much as heard Tony gulp a couple times. “OK, baby, I need you to roll over now.”
Tony took one look at him and leapt back into bed, still grinning. “Hey, I'm pretty pleased with you, too. That was incredible. Seriously. I never would have guessed that it was your first time. And I won't tell people if you don't want me to.” He suddenly looked stricken, as miserable as Steve felt, and turned his face away. “I mean, we don't have to tell anyone about any of this, if you don't want to. I know people don't brag about me, except to the tabloids.” He sounded almost broken, and Steve's heart broke for him again.
The next thing he was aware of was the heat of Steve's body all along his torso, and the thud of Steve's heart under his ear. He groaned pleasantly, and shifted slightly, realizing now that they were nearly glued together with his cum. He lifted his head just enough to see Steve's face.
When the kiss broke, Steve grinned at him. “Hmm, no, I think anything I do is just going to make you dirtier. But if you think you might enjoy it, I am in fact willing to beat you like a carpet.”
This was still better than the last time he was dying, though, so there was that. Steve had carried him out to the communal living room, and the team had stuck around him nearly the entire time, napping on the couches instead of sleeping on their own floors. He’d blasted through all the annoying legal paperwork, updating his will and all that bullshit (including leaving a single Iron Man promotional poster to
Tony shrugged. “Tell you what. You try out all the top rated ones, figure out which parts of them really work, and which parts fall down on the job, and then you and I can sit down and create a brand new one, from scratch, to your exacting standards. I’ll even let you name it when it’s ready to be released.”
Tony knew Bruce, and his focus on the science over the teammates, almost as well as he knew that part of himself. Tony knew how easy it was to convince yourself that they didn't actually want you there, and so whenever he left his lab, heading to the communal kitchen or living room, he made a point to stick his head into Bruce's lab, see what he was up to, ask him along. Pretty soon, all he had to do was open the door and raise his eyebrows, and Bruce would grin and start packing up his experiment or whatever. Tony didn't look too closely at the fact that that grin warmed up a place in his heart he thought he'd put into cold storage back when the other high schoolers hadn't wanted a skinny pre-teen following them around. And because of it, he found he was also leaving his own lab more, wanting to lure out Bruce (being lured himself) to the boisterous camaraderie of the common areas. He
Tony got out of bed a bit more slowly. “Oh, ah, jeans. Always jeans in the 'shop, sweats get burn holes too easily.” He accepted the clothes and put them on, feeling a bit dazed. “Great. Thanks.” He ran that through his mental processors, realized how it might have sounded, and dredged up a real smile. “Really. Thank you. I know this disrupts your sleep too...”
The post-nightmare shakes didn't seem to take as long as usual. As soon as he felt like he could move, he rolled away, shoulders stiff. “Sorry about that. Didn't realize I'd wake you. Ah, you can-”
Barnes gave him a strange look. “No, sir. Why would I?” Tony gestured pointedly, and Steve held out his wrist, Bucky bending over to scent him deeply. Tony could see the moment it registered; Barnes’ face drained of blood, all his muscles going tense. Tony had to give him credit, though. His scent might have soured with fear, but he was calm and composed as he straightened up and turned to face Tony, his spine straight and his chin up. “I know you’ll do what you have to, my Lord, but please. Not in front of Steve? Don’t make him have that memory.”
Steve pictured it, and couldn't help laughing. “Yeah, I'm good with avoiding that. Especially with the crazy photos the
Steve clutched at him.“No, hold on, just give me a minute...” Just had to refocus, think about something other than his jock for a little while. He finally -
Tony let out a long, low noise somewhere between a moan and a whine, and nodded shakily. “Yes, Captain. Thank you, Captain, please yes, please-”
Steve moved again, and, God, now he was almost close enough to touch. “Really? Because you seem pretty agitated to me. I kinda think...” And now he was so close Tony could feel his body heat, bare millimeters of air between them, and Tony was sure that Steve could hear his heartbeat, it was pounding so loud in his ears. Steve leaned down, juuuuust a little. “I
He mimed being shot. “You wound me! Can't I just be happy, and share that joy with you, my faithful assistant-”
But when he got to the top of the stairs, instead of turning left toward his bedroom, as he intended, he turned right, into the living room. His feet took him directly to the bar, where he snagged the nearest decanter and glass, and poured a couple fingers of amber liquid. He tossed it back, centering himself on the burn in the back of his throat, then refilled the tumbler and wandered over toward the window. He pressed his overheated forehead to the cool glass, and stared out unseeing at the city. This was no good. There was no way he'd be able to work with Steve like this. He would just end up embarrassing himself. He needed a vacation, maybe. A week or two on some tropical island, seducing golden-tanned cabana boys, yeah, that'd clear his head...
. Steve's boiling-over emotions drove him to kiss Tony again. “I would love to move in with you, if you actually meant it. I- I would be honored.” Hmm, maybe too much emotion. Back to a light mood. “But I'm not going to make you breakfast every single morning. Just because we're living together doesn't mean I'm a good little housewife.”
been too quick. But, really, the orgasm had only taken the edge off his lust, it would be fine, he just had to- “I guess we can-” Tony started to shift away.
Clint snorted. “Nah, there's only one good answer to this. JARVIS, Disney, and then Mel Brooks.” Nat cheered and pulled him down onto the smaller couch, and Thor laid claim to the other armchair, leaving Tony nowhere but next to Steve on the big couch. He could do this. He could be the cool buddy. He would not screw everything up. He focused on settling into his seat without encroaching on Steve's personal space as JARVIS dimmed the lights, and soon they were all singing along to “oo-da-lally, oo-da-lally, golly what a day.”
He cut that line of thought abruptly. He wasn't that person anymore, and Steve would be pissed if he knew Tony was getting down on himself, and he had much happier thoughts to occupy his mind anyway. He hopped out of bed, pulled on sweatpants, and went to find coffee and a shower. He had a date to get ready for!
Tony was awash in a sea of sensation. His body was telling him that there were teeth everywhere, hands and bruises and sweet fire coating every nerve. His brain was floating, somewhere beyond his skull, in a cloud of
He cleared his throat, but Tony didn't seem to notice. “Tony?” He jumped, and turned wide-eyed to look at Steve. “Sorry, did I startle you?”
I am lucky enough to be your first everything, I promise I'll make it amazing...” He went back to kissing Steve, molding their bodies together.
Tony tried desperately to pull two thoughts together. “I- Um, I... God, I don't know, I've never-” Was he blushing? He hadn't blushed since puberty hit! “No one's ever asked...”
. It sounded sappy, like something out of a romance picture, but right now he felt like he and Tony were... destined to meet, like all that time in the ice was so they could be adults together, be
; the half-hopeful, half-terrified look on his face gave Steve some hope that Tony's thoughts were tracking in the same general direction as his.
a good boy. Such a sexy pet.” He rested his hand on the small of Tony's back, but it had other ideas, and traced along some of the myriad of red marks and welts beginning to raise. Tony whimpered and arched into his touch, and Steve brought his right hand into play as well, exploring which areas were tender, which were blazing with heat from within. It took a real effort of will to cut all that short, to move on to the next step of the experiment.
Nat waved a dismissive hand. “He's not as upset as he plays at. This is just him adjusting.” Her body language softened a little. “And probably missing Coulson more than he'll admit.” She shot them a sharp look, and Tony immediately mimed zipping his lip. “I'll bring him the coffee, you two clear out, maybe I can get him back out here once he knows it's safe.” She shooed them out, and they went.
Steve sat back on his heels and clapped both hands over his heart melodramatically. “Oh, Heavens, no! Not... eating regularly! How cruel I am to you!” He grinned and started pulling tins and tubs out of the bag.
Tony shot him an amused glance out of the corner of his eye. “You are absolutely wicked, you know that, Rogers? I admit, I was fooled at first, Mister Upstanding Citizen, but under those stars and stripes, you have an evil streak a mile wide. Weren't you the one who said-” He mock scowled and shook his plastic fork at Steve. “Evil geezer.”
When he turned, Tony was leaning in the doorway, looking disbelieving. “What, seriously? Everything you own fits into little enough luggage that
Steve's hands seemed to be magnetically attracted to Tony's hips, but when he touched them, Tony tensed and gave a little gasp. Steve pulled away. “Oh, sorry! Wait, what?” He scooted up and back, suddenly worried he'd done something wrong. Tony sat up with him, and the blankets fell away. Steve was both horrified and incredibly turned on to see bruises in the shape of his hands on Tony's hips. Steve wanted awful badly to touch them, to run his fingertips along them, but he didn't quite dare. “Oh, wow, did I do that to you? Jeeze, Tony, I'm sorry, I didn't-” Didn't plan to, didn't ask first, but oh, he was going to ask next time, cover him in hand-shaped bruises...
Steve knew he was bright red (they all knew! They were giving them privacy, sure, but the whole team knew exactly what was going on up here all weekend!), but he tried to carry on regardless. “Well, that was thoughtful of them.” It certainly made things easier; now there was (very nearly) nothing (except his own damnable shyness) standing between him and a weekend of pure hedonism. And ever since he'd been a teenager, he'd always wanted to neck with someone at the pictures... “Ok, JARVIS, put on
Steve licked delicately at the underside of Tony's jock, enjoying the way his hips lurched upward. “Oh, I've only just begun.” He swirled his tongue around the seam between head and (now fully-hard) shaft, then dipped it into the spot from which pre-cum was starting to leak. Tony's hand clenched in his hair, and he whimpered. Steve closed his lips and slid all the way down Tony's shaft and back up. When he whimpered louder, Steve tried that a couple more times.
Tony startled, spilling capsules and ampules across the work surface. “Geeze, what time is it?” He looked around wildly, realizing that Steve was also looking alert in a battle-ready sort of way.
. The things you do to me...” He leaned in closer, dropping kisses here and there on the wounds he'd just made. “The things I want to do to you...”
“God yes.” Steve kissed his ear, then down his throat, while his hands shifted to Tony's thighs. He lifted and pulled, and Tony automatically lifted his calves and hooked his ankles together around Steve's back. Steve turned and strode toward Tony's bedroom. Well, it was more of a stagger, really, as the motion caused their cocks to rub against each other in the most amazing, distracting way.
Tony knew, in that “I don't want to think about it” way that he knew too many things, that he was maybe a little hung up on Captain America. Well, he knew it was a toss-up whether Bruce or Steve was his best friend (he didn't have much of a frame of reference, and honestly, he wasn't going to choose if he didn't have to), and there was definitely some Freudian stuff around the superhero his father had helped create, and then had spent his whole childhood searching for.... But then there was the way Steve's arms and back rippled when he was working the heavy bag in the gym, and the way Captain America posed for selfies with the looky-loos after each villain fight, and all of his thousand different kinds of smiles. Tony thought he might have started a mental list of all of Steve's smiles, and if he was honest with himself there might actually be a couple hundred entries, and oh, God, did he have it bad for Steve Rogers. Fortunately, he also had decades of experience bottling his emotions, not letting them show, and so he stomped them down, hard and far, and just tried to be part of the team.
to do? Something you're craving?” He blushed a little, and stared at Tony's shoulder. “Any fantasies you want to try?”
Strange lowered his hands and opened his eyes, and Tony gave him a hopeful smile. Stephen shook his head sadly. “This curse has taken hold of you. There is nothing I can do for you, I’m sorry. But...” He frowned, looking annoyingly wizardly.
Tony bounced to his feet, then staggered a little as his fresh contusions made themselves known. “You always need food.” He tried to look stern, failed, and shrugged. “Lunch sounds excellent. And I made sure to get enough for leftovers, I knew we'd want them.” He walked gingerly toward the door.
Steve knew his team well enough to know they would all be awake and hungry soon enough, so he adapted his plans to that, and got out a whole rasher of bacon, and an 18-pack of eggs (such luxury, meat
eye-opening things (and gone through far more lotion and paper tissues than he was comfortable admitting), but in the end he decided it was time to redefine himself again, and make some more waves.
The viewscreen popped up, Steve in workout gear (no, wait, that was Tony's shirt, he hadn't even gotten changed...) in the gym, and oh, so sweaty. (Getting Tony's clothes sweaty, and, oh wow, was that a new kink?) Tony just stared for a moment, all
He nodded. “Amazing. I can see why they're your favorite. So good.” He couldn't help himself, he needed another bite. This time he kept his eyes locked with Tony's as he bit in, and the tiniest of moans escaped his throat. By the way Tony licked his lips, he'd heard and approved. Steve was even more sure of it in the next moment, when Tony wrenched his gaze away and busied himself opening the potato salad, and the sodas, and then his own sandwich. Steve just made sure to moan a little louder at the next bite.
Central Park was bustling, no surprise on a sunny Saturday, but most people were on the move, strolling or jogging or chasing a dog. Tony laid out the blanket he was carrying on a bit of hill overlooking The Pond, and they sat, just watching everyone else going by and enjoying the quiet moment. Steve silently got out the sandwiches, passing Tony's over, and unwrapped one of his own. He took a deep, cleansing breath before biting in, wanting to savor every detail of this moment. Tony's hair was haloed golden-dark by the sun, angelic curls in artful disarray, and his eyes were glowing amber. He was grinning wide enough that Steve suspected anyone looking at him could tell he was on a date; Steve was pretty sure his own expression was not much better.
Overall, Tony knew the blows were getting harder as they went. He was also vaguely aware that there were different types, cupped palm vs flat, sometimes the edge of the hand or the fist, but after the first few it all registered as
Steve bowed back. “Until tonight, my Lord.” Tony left, and Steve went about getting dressed, in a daze of shock. Pregnant! Him! He was torn down the middle, this development both a blessing and a curse. He made sure to apply his perfume a bit more heavily than usual, to ensure none of the new scent leaked out.
Tony gaped at him for a moment, then nodded as much as his stiffening neck would allow. “Yes! Hell yeah!” Steve leaned forward, starting with a chaste, soft, closed-lipped kiss, that slowly but steadily built some serious heat. By the time he pulled back, Tony’s head was swimming. “Holy crap, Cap, that kiss was totally toe-curling. Wait, Holy Shit, I can curl my toes! The curse is broken!” He jumped to his feet, arms over his head in a victory pose, and was immediately swarmed by all of his favorite people, all of them cheering and laughing. There were various cries of ‘what?’ and ‘how?’, and Tony grinned as he met Steve’s eye. “It was easy! All I needed was for Prince Charming over there to give me True Love’s Kiss.”
Tony collapsed down onto him, and for long moments they just lay there, hearts pounding and breathing ragged. The feel of the arc reactor against his chest was like a lullaby, and Steve felt himself drifting toward sleep, until Tony shifted and lifted his head. Steve blinked open his eyes, and let all of the emotions he felt shine through in his smile. “Hey, handsome.” One hand drifted up, of its own accord, to feel how soft Tony's hair was. Oh, God, he was. He was in love with this man, and there was no going back. Tony made a delightful little happy noise,  and Steve made one back. “Well, I guess
Even JARVIS sounded happy for him. “She's just finished up with a conference call, Sir. Shall I put you through?”
After dinner that night, they all seemed to drift into the living room without talking about it. Bruce had his tea and a novel, in his usual armchair, while Steve and Clint were idly playing cards, Steve with a lap full of Tony's feet, though Tony appeared too engrossed in his tablet to notice his choice of furniture, and Nat curled up in the other armchair, knitting, with steel needles and a positively evil little smirk on her face. It was surprisingly domestic, and Steve felt a warm glow.
Steve was starting to lose his rhythm a bit, and he propped himself up with one hand and reached between them with the other to wrap around Tony's cock and stroke him roughly. That was all it took; Tony's back arched sharply as he cried out, spurting all over Steve's chest and the arc reactor. Steve followed a moment later, driving in as hard as he could and freezing there, spurting hotly into Tony. Then he collapsed, panting, and barely caught himself on his elbows so he didn't crush Tony. They kissed, slow and languid, until Steve softened enough to slide out, at which point he rolled them over so Tony was lying on him.
Steve chuckled, the sound rumbling through his chest to Tony's. “Well, I guess that answers that. Wow.”
, in the open air! He was actually going on a real, actual, proper date! Finally, after a lifetime of waiting... He felt a little silly, twenty four years old (or ninety two, but who's counting?) and excited about a first date, especially when they'd already been having mind-blowing sex for, God, was it really only a week? Should he be worried about how gone he already was for the genius?
Steve woke as soon as the rising sun hit the bed, but he found no need and no reason to move. He would almost have expected disorientation, confusion about the body draped over his, but he could feel the arc reactor, Tony's heart, separated from his own by nothing more than his own flesh. This was...
There was this feeling bubbling in her chest, a mixture of everything that she was feeling. It was hard to think straight, and all she wanted to do was jump into this man's arms and bury herself in his chest. She was tired of this war within herself. She was tired of all this fighting. She just wanted to rest. "Dad," she uttered, her heart breaking.
He watched the type again, but this time, he watched it at 3 times its normal speed. He was studying's Toni's movement, as the jumpy footage was the key. "Could this even be possible?" he asked himself. It was the only answer possible; the Device was jumping Toni back in time.
Arriving outside of the robotic lab, Toni stood there for few minutes just staring at Bruce's back. Though she couldn't see his face, she could tell that he was exhausted by the tension in his shoulders. She could see his exhaustion in each of his steps. Had he not slept since she was gone? Had he stayed in this lab the whole time working on that device?
Toni Stark was and would be the death of him, and there was no doubt about that. However, the Captain wouldn't have it any other way, so he obeyed without saying a word. It didn't take long to remove his socks and toss them aside with the rest of his uniform. Steve pulled back the covers, careful not to remove them from Toni, and crawled into bed. As soon as he pulled the covers up over him, he was face to face with the brunette, who had rolled to him. "Toni," he uttered, seeing something in her eyes that he didn't like.
He eyed the bed, wondering if he should try to sleep. There was a chance that he could dream of Toni. Sometimes, the dreams were of the desires he had, but lately, they were just painful memories. Each and every time, they woke him up in a cold sweat and he couldn't get back to sleep once he had them; however, they were insightful. Though it annoyed him that she was messing with the timeline, he enjoyed them, because it was a chance to see her. Maybe, he would learn what the hell had happened to her, though he might not like what he learned. She could be dead…or she could be alive and these memories could be the key that they needed to her get her home.
Bucky look a deep long breath, unsure of what to say. "You don't bring girls home," he replied from the corner of the room, while staring at the wall.
"And you let them go outside?" She asked, annoyed. Not a second later, she bolted out of the room with no care if the usher said anything else. There wasn't anything that he could say that would interest her. Her mind was on Steve, who was really testing her willpower. He told her countless times that he didn't like her defending him as he wanted to defend himself. He didn't want her help, but right now, Toni didn't know if she could do that.
"Toni." He called, feeling the emotions in the letter. He could only guess to what she was feeling. He would only guess at what Howard was feeling when he wrote this, but he wasn't going to let her go. He was going to show her it wasn't her fault.
"Geez, aren't happy to see us?" Gabe asked, as they stepped into the room. An unsteady Dugan using a cane followed behind him with an unknown young man following behind.
Her eyes flicked open, but they quickly closed as the sun beamed down on her. It was a painfully sunny day. Why couldn't they move her to a shady area? She groaned again as she tried to move but failing. She could feel herself twitched.
Bruce was still looking at the broken figurine. He didn't blame Steve and Tony for being angry. It was understandable. But it would likely not be the last time they would have to defend the small god of mischief they called their son.
Tony exited the elevator on the common floor to the sight of Barton flipping through some sort of notebook or something. The archer was showing Natasha whatever it was. Both looking rather impressed.
"If we try to explain, they will have questions. If we don't, they will draw their own conclusions. The most likely conclusion? That Loki here is my kid from a fling and I've just learnt about."
"I don't like the idea anymore than you do", Steve said. "But if he can touch it without being harmed... it might be our only option."
They had ran around like crazy looking for their son. Asking if anyone had seen anything. Some old ladies had mentioned that a group of daycare kids had left a little while earlier. Taking all kids with them. Making Tony feel even more panic. Then...
Muttering about useless AI Tony once again tried to calm the tiny god. Still no use. Thankfully Steve returned just then. The soldier paused at the scene.
The boy was scribbling in a book while Bruce watched him. They hadn't spent a lot of time together but this time, no one else had been available. Tony and Steve was doing something upstate. Leaving the scientist alone with the tiny god of mischief. And while Loki most definitely lived up to his title, it wasn't malicious.
"I've thought about it for a while. We are very vulnerable here. In case of an attack, a lot of people would be in danger and we become sitting ducks. Also... I want to keep Loki safe while giving him freedom to just be a kid, you know."
"I was bored and wanted to play with uncle Bucky... but he wasn't home. JARVIS said I could go to the common floor..."
Despite the language barrier, Loki turned out to be a quite intelligent little tyke. Tony was quite impressed. After a few weeks the kid saw one of them use the toilet and started insisting that he would also use it. Tony being Tony went out and bought a kids sized toilet and then installed it himself.
Loki shook his head and tried to speak up but the group of adults paid him no mind. Speaking to the bunch of children now being carted away. Encouraging them to sing. Leaving the small boy alone. Looking around, he had no idea where he was or where his Papa and Daddy were. Making him feel scared.
"Is dead", Stark said flatly. "This is our son. He is not your brother. I don't care how you and old Loki were raised. But obviously he wasn't very happy. I also don't buy that your dad had nothing to do with Reindeer Games death."
"Like I can go do something else while we are analysing a mysterious chemical that someone tried to steal."
The Winter Soldier closed the door behind him. He had managed to find a small studio apartment where he could hide. Using money he had stolen from Hydra as he fled.
"Dates are important even after marriage, it is a way to reconnect and strengthen the relationship."
Tony was quiet for a few moments, thinking. "On the hellicarrier... adult Loki's scan showed that his body temperature was lower than the room... Thor had an increased thermal reading in comparison. That is actually a very likely scenario. Dang, he is going to have questions we can't answer... like, how do we explain why he can turn blue when we don't know?"
Walking the streets of New York, Steve couldn't help but smile. He was carrying Loki on his back, the boy had played until he dropped and was now sleeping. Having some time together had been a great idea. Even if he hoped Tony would join them next time.
Tony flipped through it, smiling when he saw the drawings of himself. Now he understood perfectly well why the soldier had been watching him so much. It also proved that their relationship didn't come out of nowhere. Well, for him a bit but still.
Steve used the lube he found to work his husband open while using his mouth at the same time. Never letting it go over the edge.
The soldier picked up his sketchbook and his pencil. Opening a new page he started drawing. It was familiar, comfortable. Something he hadn't been able to do during the war. Back then he probably would have drawn Peggy. A real dynamite of a woman. Sadly, she was now living in a home, her mind failing her. She had lived a full life without him, with a husband and children. He was happy for her, but also sad to have lost out on so much.
"Of course not", the soldier said, gently petting the black hair. "You didn't mean to cause it to snow."
"We know", the engineer said. "As you can see, we are just about ready." It was the perfect opportunity, every other Avenger was out and wouldn't return for a week. Including Bruce.
A twenty minutes drive later they were at the courthouse. Thanks to Pepper, they drew no attention as they entered. Loki and Happy would be at a nearby park. The officiater was a dry, older gentleman who could clearly care less about who they were.
Like that, Thor was gone. Noticeable calmer Loki kept munching on his breakfast. Steve decided the boy would get pancakes the next day. To make up for things. Ruffling the black hair he kissed his son's head. Making the kid lean against him.
The kids, Lila and Cooper, was excited the whole car ride and even manage to make Loki open up a bit. By the time they had arrived, they had agreed to play together in the penthouse. With Bucky agreeing to watch them. He too seemed to sense the engineer's dark mood. Understanding it was better to keep out of the way.
The billionaire paused, looked at the scan again. "Nope, there is no way she will be able to live there. In fact, she shouldn't. But it is not like there are open floors..." he tapped his chin. "I guess you could take Thor's floor while Romanoff bunks with Barton."
The words slipped out but they were true. Tears formed in the blond's eyes. Both moved at once and met for a warm, intense kiss. And from now on, they would be able to live together without anyone the wiser.
Tony blanked for a few seconds before he was on his feet. Looking over the information presented to him. The probable location was in Europe, Romania.
"You know, my dad never told me he loved me. Maybe he didn't know how or maybe he didn't think it was necessary. It would have been nice, to hear it."
, and lifted him into his arms. Holding him close. Promising himself that he would protect this child, no matter what.
"We have no idea if he knows how to use a potty and he can't tell us if he needs to go. It is probably the best option for now." Getting some clothes out he took the oversized T-shirt off. "Okay, Lo. Raise your arms over your head. That's right."
With two days left Steve had no choice but to pack. It was hard. During the past year his life had changed so much but in good ways. Packing felt like ripping away that happiness piece by piece. He had tried to spend as much time as possible with his small family. Playing with Loki, reading bedtime stories, and making the tiny Trickster's favourite foods. Being with Tony, both in and outside the bed. Both with clothes on, and with clothes off.
"Uncle Bruce?" The kid's speech had started to lose its more childish quality, no longer garbling words.
They returned to the penthouse together. The rest of the day was spent just being together and watching the tiny god of mischief cause chaos while playing. It happened a lot and they had gotten used to it.
Feeling rather put out by the rejection the Thunderer glowered at the floor. Rogers came over and picked up the tiny Trickster.
Then a small body ran into her. Startled she turned around and saw a small boy, maybe four years old. Sitting on the ground he was bawling. Had he gotten lost from his parents? It was far to the ground but she managed anyway.
Wilson was shown to the sofas and they sat down. Loki crawled up on the sofa and insisted on sitting in the soldier's lap. Leaning against him.
"To Loki", Barton screamed. "That bastard deserved it! You should be glad I didn't throw him off the top of the Tower!"
"Oh, hi Cap!" Barton said and the brunet jumped. Looking over his shoulder in guilt. Steve was looking at the three of them, his eyes fixed on the sketchbook. A light blush on his cheeks. "Didn't know you were such an artist!"
"Keep narrowing it down!" Abandoning his work he took the stairs instead of the elevator, running up to the penthouse. Panting harshly his husband met him.
Which was why he was rather surprised when the door opened and it wasn't a nurse or a doctor. He knew who it was, of course. Tony Stark was wearing a black suit jacket over an AC/DC shirt and a pair of skin tight jeans. In his arms, he was holding a small boy. The child was placed on the floor and ran towards the bedridden soldier. Carefully patting him.
your wedding night. No matter what, it is still special. This is your first night together as a married couple, as husbands."
"Your reaction while Thor was telling us what happened. Your questions", the redhead said. "You took it personally. It was also the fact that you exchanged a look when Thor told us Loki is dead. Meaning that the boy over there, is Loki."
"Uh... yeah, good point... what about getting some watercolours and paper. So you guys can paint?" That got a nod. Said and done. He covered the kitchen table with a wax tablecloth. Placed blocks of paint, plastic cups with water, and a bunch of brushes. And of course a pile of white paper.
"And leave this thing? It will destroy the Tower at this rate." Moving around a bit to get warm he suddenly noticed movement. Eyes widening he realized Loki had at some point snuck inside, the boy was way too close to the device. Tiny hands reaching out in curiosity. Panicking the engineer lunged forward. "LOKI! DON'T TOUCH THAT!"
He jolted awake in the dead of the night. Still drowsy. Tony blinked and wondered why he was staring at a naked, muscular chest. Then he remembered. An arm pulled him a bit closer and he tried to see Steve through the darkness. It had been a quite unexpected, who knew the soldier was interested in men. Granted, the engineer had definitely initiated the sex. Which had been really, really good. His only question was why so suddenly. There had been no indication the blond was interested.
"I told you to stop saying stuff like that", Natasha berated her old friend. "Do you want to be kicked out again?"
Loki had been having a blast playing with the equipment and the other kids. There had been a bunch of them, over seen by a small group of adults. Suddenly the other children had been rounded up. The tiny god had just kept playing when one adult, a woman, spoke to him.
"Say it was one of the higher races that was given rebirth and ended up among the lower races. The ones who would race this child would gain the lifespan needed to see the child grow. They would also gain any strength or ability needed, even if just for a moment, to protect the child."
"I know. You are softer towards him than even Pepper and she spoils him rotten. Guess this means I need to do some upgrades. Both to Tower security and to your code."
"Say, would you mind taking Lo for some lunch? My treat. Steve and I have some things to talk about."
As always, Pepper was terrifying when she got into it. Within weeks she had produced a falsified birth certificate for Loki, naming a made-up woman as the mother, and Tony as the father. She had
"I know you didn't want rings, and I understand why", Pepper said, holding out a box. "So, I had these made instead."
"Aye, there is still much I can learn from the mortals", Thor said. Then a thought came to him. "How are things with the Avengers? Seen anything I should know about?"
Hugging the other close the soldier also pulled the tiny god into a hug. The small body emitting a coldness that was noticeable even through the blanket. Neither of the men were happy about it but both could recognise it might be their best option.
"Bet he liked that", Tony laughed and looked at his son. The tiny god was stuffing his face with pizza. Making a mess of himself. But he was clearly having a good time and enjoyed the food.
His husband laughed and leaned in to kiss him. Without thinking he followed suit, exchanging a soft kiss. There was a strangled sound. Spoon halfway to his mouth Bucky was gaping. Looking from one to another.
"Ah..." the soldier scratched his head. "Not much to do about it. I shouldn't have left it here, it's fine."
"She dumped me", Tony said. "Saying she couldn't deal with me being Iron Man. Man, I really am worthless..."
Deciding it was better to wash the boy before giving him a bath Steve placed him in the bathtub. Using the detachable shower head to gently rinse away the worst. He had noticed that the child was light and it was obvious the boy was a bit underweight for his age.
"Hey, buddy", the soldier said and went down on one knee. Using his left arm to hug the boy. Who rubbed his rubbed his face against the broad chest. "I'm glad to be home."
Steve looked at the order in his hands. Fury was on a screen and Natasha was leaning against the door frame. There was no way he could explain his reluctance without giving away too much. While the red-haired woman seemed at least sympathetic, the SHIELD director had none. Glowering the black man crossed his arms.
"Here", the Thunderer tried to place the spoon in the kid's hand. Unsuccessfully. "Loki, eat the cereal!"
Now Barton was starting to look uncomfortable. He likely realised he had been outed. Then he crossed his arms and glared.
The call came one day just before noon. Someone had stolen classified chemicals and was driving like a mad man down the main street. Because the potentially dangerous material, the Avengers were called out to handle it. Steve dodged the rolling canisters. A few moments earlier Hulk had smashed into the get away car, making it stop abruptly enough to send the goods flying. Two men had stumbled out from the back, the driver was hopefully only unconscious for now.
"You two are ridiculous", his friend said shaking his head. Eating some cereal. Then stopping. Frowning. "Stark? Like Howard Stark?"
"The worst thing is, I don't know how to keep in contact with the two of you. It wouldn't put it past SHIELD to monitor my calls." Steve said against his hair. The observation was fairly accurate, probably. But he was Tony Stark. If he couldn't come up with a solution, he didn't deserve his title as a genius.
The scientist sighed again and proceeded to ignore the engineer. Who pouted. He wasn't meant to take one of the gas tubes but it felt suspicious so he had... borrowed... one during clean up. Playing with a tool he found he waited while twirling on his chair.
"He is angry, justifiably so", the doctor said. "You did a horrible thing and said even worse things. But you do realise he wouldn't actually kill you, right? In time, you can make amends. Just not right now."
"This is my kid, they have seen him before. But done is done, next time we need a babysitter, we ask the usual troupe."
"I was just thinking, how would it effect something like sex? Like, you know, would it make someone do it despite not wanting to?"
Clint Barton, Hawkeye and an Avenger looked very pale as his wife's expression grew darker with every word.
That... that was quite the proclamation. Usually it was the other way around. He was embraced and held gently. Melting into it, Tony started to feel hope again. Maybe this time, he wouldn't mess things up. And he kind of wanted to keep it between them for now. Just so he could have the soldier for himself with no interference.
For a long second he was afraid he had made a horrible mistake. Then he was kissed back. The jacket fell to the floor as those strong arms held him. Again he marvelled at the gentleness of the man. Despite being so strong and big, he was careful. They moved apart a bit, looking at each other.
He snatched the boy, ignoring the icy feeling, and backed away. But not before the kid had already managed to touch the device. Stumbling backwards Tony collapsed against the door. Looking over the tiny hands. They didn't look damaged. Rather...
"They are the ones missing out. Still, whatever you are looking at a fella or a girl, you sure are drawn to the same type of things."
"I admit, he is cute", Rhodey said with smile. "Still can't believe Tony is married. Never thought he would."
"A spell that allows anyone who listen to hear their own language spoken, it also allows us to understand almost any language we hear. But sometimes you need to tune in on the right language. I do so automatically."
Well, what was the harm? Helping his son up they curled up together. The small body safe in his arms. One night wouldn't be a problem.
"Nah", Lady Romanoff said. "He deserves it. Better to get it out now than later. Besides, it is the only way Clint will be able to return to the Tower."
"Look at it from the bright side", Romanoff said. "You won't have to bunk with Stark anymore. That should be quite the relief, I imagine."
"If you could see me now, Bucky", he sighed. "You would laugh your head off, wouldn't you. Saying that I'm same old Steve who rather yearn in silence instead of making a leap."
"Whatever happened to make Lokes a kid again had probably something to do with those Norse gods, or whatever. You should have seen Thor with the kid. No patience at all. Constantly assuming ill intent from a toddler."
Should he tell his mother? There was no telling Odin, that was for sure. Loki's misery during his life was most certainly in large because of the All-Father. Not only the lies, but other small things throughout his life. It was almost, almost, as if the Trickster had existed only to act as a foil to Thor himself. A force to make him into the man he had become. Usually by knocking him down a few pegs regularly.
"If I ever hear about you doing something like that again Clinton Francis Barton you will sleep in the barn for a year!" Laura Barton growled and smashed her husband with the remnants of the newspaper one last time.
Calming down somewhat Thor eyed the boy. Who was holding onto to his Daddy, looking at the bigger god with some fright. Not understanding what was going on.
"Really? How does that work?" Cooper asked. "Our mom has a baby in her tummy, you know. Can men also have babies in their tummies?"
"Tony?" Steve called and came out carrying Loki on one arm and holding one of his slip-ons in one hand. "Have you seen Lo..." he stopped as he spotted Pepper. She stared at them.
"Hydra probably thought I was the bad guy..." the soldier looked at the tiny Trickster. Adult Loki had been angry and bitter when they met him. Full of arrogance, sure, but some people used arrogance to hide their pain and insecurities. Standing up he walked over to the boy, to his
Sighing Steve placed his sketchbook on the low table. Sinking down on his sofa. The man out of time, Loki had called him. For all that he was a crazy bastard, he had been eerily observant. Seeing through them. Thor had called his brother a liar. Maybe by being a liar himself, he was better at telling when someone was lying to him.
Ah, such a beautiful sight. Relaxing into his husband's embrace the engineer was glad the day had turned out alright in the end.
"Thanks", came the dry reply. The engineer made his way to the elevator and headed to the penthouse. In all the excitement he had missed lunch so he made himself a quick sandwich. Outside the afternoon was fading into early evening.
"Our workaround. With this we can talk without SHIELD tracking the call. There is even a small screen inside." Tony pointed out the different features, in essence it was pretty much a phone. "...and it works by jumping the space between other phone lines. Don't think too hard about it. The point is that it doesn't have a fixed location and its transmissions are masked. There is also this."
"This is Loki, the Norse god of mischief. And for some reason he has reverted back into a small child. With no memories of the past, as far as we can tell."
There was a wet chuckle and the engineer was pulled into a hug. His husband holding him just a bit too tightly, but he didn't mind. In fact, he tried to hug just as tightly. There were not much they could do. Even if they told Fury the truth, it was doubtful he would care. Rather, he would get something else to use against them. And there was no way they were going to tell the director about the tiny god of mischief.
"Papa! Daddy!" He cried, getting up and running towards the two men, hiding behind the Captain's leg. Gripping his breeches. Looking at Thor with fear.
"Because you are important to Steve. And I can recognise that you didn't act by choice. Which is more than I can say. A lot of people are dead because of weapons I created. It took coming face to face with death for me to change. Besides, most of us in the Avengers got a second chance. Why not you."
"There are a few, actually. Pepper, Happy, Rhodey, and Steve's new buddy Sam. They've helped babysit a few times. Even bought him presents. It sometimes look like they are competing to see who is the best aunt slash uncle."
She took it and looked it over. "Yes, I remember this one. He was quite excited about it, but it turned out to be an extremely complex spell. Just meeting the necessary conditions is neigh impossible. And that's if you managed to cast it correctly in the first place."
It was a bit tricky dressing the boy in pyjamas but he was thankfully the child kept sleeping. He tucked his son into bed, kissed his hair, and closed the door behind him.
"Don't say that!" The vehemence in the soldier's voice caught the engineer off guard. "Out on the field, during a fight, you are invaluable! We need you."
"I would never have forgiven myself if he had gotten hurt because of us..." he said. "Man, I never knew you could feel like this towards, well, anyone."
It was a bit abrupt but none of them minded. Outside, the soldier pulled him into a hug and gave him chaste kiss. They were keeping their names, for several reasons, but now they were married.
Hurrying forward the soldier caught him before he tumbled to the floor. Still crying Loki had his shirt in an iron grip. At a loss for what to do, the blond simply got in bed together with the boy. Letting him rest on his chest. Slowly the tears dried up and the small body became limp. Unable to make himself move and risk waking the child, Steve settled and let his thoughts wander.
"If he didn't know, how was he supposed to feel grateful?" Steve demanded. "Besides, children don't owe their parents gratitude. It is a parents job to love and care for their children."
He had no idea how long he sat like that but suddenly he felt something touch him. Jumping he came face to face with the kid. Loki was looking at him with curiosity. When their eyes met, he started babbling. Again touching Bucky curiously, especially the metal arm. There was something odd about this boy. They never got the chance to explain either.
"So you are a god, huh..." Bucky said to the boy. "Of mischief, nonetheless. I wonder how much trouble you get yourself into. You know, I'm not even surprised. It would be so very like Steve to end up adopting a pagan deity, because he can never things by half measures."
Following the small boy Bucky reached what had to be the kitchen. Two men were placing food on a table.
"And I'm happy to have you back. We should go on more dates. And take Loki to the park." Tony mumbled before yawning. "Nighty night."
"You are the most despicable human being I have ever met", he growled. "And I have met more than my fair share of shitty people. But you? You deliberately go to a child and destroy their toy in front of them?"
He remembered the fateful day at the Bifrost. Loki's expression of anger, fear, and despair. Would learning you were adopted cause such devastation if you had been happy? It was quite possible. But if you were already miserable, it probably didn't help.
"Loki certainly don't mind all the new toys", Steve laughed. "Or the stuffed animals. His current favourite present was from Pepper. He plays with the action figures all the time."
"Bucky... I... can I come in?" He said. Backing away without a word the Winter Soldier didn't take his eyes off the man. "Do you know who I am?"
Combing through the black curls Steve nodded. "He is our son", he said. "We don't know what happened but we do know that."
"Tony? Are you alright? Did anything happen? You usually works a bit longer." Steve said with concern.
Looking at the smiling child the soldier got an idea. One he didn't particularly liked but one that had a big chance of succeeding. Tony must have been able to read something in his eyes because he immediately growled:
"Who is a child!" The engineer roared. "A three year old child who knows nothing of what happened! And you decided to bully him!"
Steve joined him in the living room, a soft smile on his face. Putting down his phone Tony stood and sauntered over.
Having heard the scream Steve came running and opened the door to the workshop. The burst of cold air only stopped him for a few seconds. To his surprise he found his husband sitting on the floor, just inside.
"Very little", the Thunderer admitted. "We grew up on stories about the Frost Giants being savage monsters. I didn't actually see a Jotun until a few years ago."
"Alright, my turn. You already know I have a wild past. That can't be helped but... every other time I had been with a man, it had been... unpleasant. So during our first time, it was also the first time I was treated so gently. So carefully. That goes for both men and women. Even with the drug lowering your inhibitions, you were still gentle."
"You can't blame him, Thunder Pants", Stark said. "Last time he saw you, you were yelling at him. As did you the first time you saw him. No likes being around someone they think is scary."
"Absolutely", the soldier carefully pushed inside. Going slow. He could never get tired of this. Of holding the man he loved in his arms, making him feel good.
"You are right. Tony", Steve cradled his cheek, "we are his second chance. The best possible to give him a good life. Because we love him and will do anything in our power to protect him. And apparently, we will live for as long as needed to ensure that."
"Are you two ready yet?" Pepper said impatiently while popping her head inside. Wearing a nice dress and with her hair up. "I booked the time, you know."
Smiling Steve just kissed Tony again, making his husband quite weak in the knees. They were interrupted by a happy squeal from their son.
Eventually they began kissing again. Which ended with them returning to bed. It was even better this time.
"Oh, you know, courthouse weddings are all the rage nowadays. Elope and no one needs to know. We intend to keep our own last names and all that."
"Hey, I seem to have forgotten my jacket", he said. Heading over to the sofa he found the item and started to head back. Getting to his feet the engineer intercepted him. Before he could lose his nerve he gestured for the other to bend down. Obediently the blond lowered his head. Tony immediately grabbed his collar and kissed him.
"Life can surprise us", Sam said. "And so can people. I don't really care, you know. They are adorable together."
"He would if I wanted to", Tony shrugged and then grinned in a kind of devilish way. "But I prefer letting
Making a demand of Fate. That included a lot of different powers. Had his brother really been that miserable?
There was the loud sound of porcelain breaking. Tony stared at his girlfriend. She had thrown his Iron Man mug onto the floor. Shattering it.
"Okay! Okay! I'm sorry! Alright? I'm sorry! I shouldn't have used an EMP on JARVIS, I shouldn't have destroyed the stupid doll!"
"Hey, did you want something?" The engineer said but the blond didn't say anything. Just walked closer. "Are you okay, Steve?" By now the soldier was standing right in front of him and of course he had to be tall. Blue eyes looked at him.
"Stark, Captain. Good", the Thunderer said. "I can not stay for long but I have news you need to hear."
Sadly, Steve had a feeling his husband was right. Though at the same time, he wanted the world to know that Tony Stark was
"That's... I fell asleep and when I woke up, he was already eating", Banner said. "I have honestly no idea how he even got the food."
"Papa! Daddy!" Loki cried, getting off his chair and running to Steve and Tony who had just gotten home.
It was already prepared so all he had to do was cook it. JARVIS had already informed him of Tony's intentions so he just asked for a bot to come fetch some food for his husband. Figuring the engineer didn't want to upset the tiny god while still being angry. After lunch he sat down and watch a movie with Loki. Whinnie the Poh, it was simple and seemed suitable. Making the boy laugh a lot of times.
"But... how? There is no... well... hole there... to use" the Thunderer didn't look comfortable but if was asking questions, he would have to deal with the answer.
They were sweaty, out of breath, and very satisfied. Still a tangle of limbs Steve couldn't stop himself from kissing Tony anywhere he could. It had been so long. His husband giggled when he brushed over a certain spot.
"I'm more worried about my penthouse, Loki would probably try and play with Hulk." Tony picked up his son. "And you, young man, is in need of a bath. You wanna come too, Steve?"
"I swear, every time I visit, the kid has even more toys", the dark-skinned man said. "Stark is really spoiling him."
The boy didn't understand what they were talking about. He could tell they were upset about something and tried to cheer him up in his own way.
"Hey, Stevio!" Tony shouted as he ran past, an almost giddy expression on his face. "No time to talk, I just got this absolutely brilliant idea."
Bruce looked at the book again. Every single problem had been solved. It was hard to say if the kid was a genius or if he retained knowledge from when he was an adult. None of them knew why the Trickster had become a child again. Thor was supposed to look into it but he hadn't been back since then.
"I know what happened, by the way." The former soldier froze. "Hydra forced you to kill him and my mom."
"Heh", Tony laid down beside his boyfriend. "You know, that almost makes it sound like we are married."
Steve knew his husband. When he invited Mrs. Barton to the Tower, he had ulterior motives. Most of them involving the archer. Tony had never forgiven the man for what he had done to Loki. At the moment, he just tolerated his presence for the sake of the team.
They sat in silence after the two left. There were no need for them to eat since they had enjoyed a hotel breakfast buffet. Steve let Loki in his own tempo while his husband played with his phone.
"I think he deserves to be the center of his parents' attention. Without having any competition for it. I'm Steve and Tony are thinking something similar."
"No need to explain", Steve said and made space for their son between them. Who happily settled. "I'm home."
Steve hugged him a bit tighter. "You are doing wonderful as a father, Tony. Guiding and teaching him in a pace that suits him."
As usual he did a quick check to see if there was anything suspicious. When he didn't find anything, he put down his groceries. His mind was hazy so he sometimes bought things he didn't like. But he still ate it because he couldn't make himself waste food. Who knew when he would have to run. Putting everything away he ate an apple in silence while jotting down whatever he could remember on some paper. He could burn it lately.
The soldier had no intentions of actually acting on his emotions. He had been tempted when Pepper broke up with the engineer but had held himself back. Reasoning it was a right and wrong way to act. There were no indication that the brunet had any interest in men. Being interested in both men and women was... weird. While it had become more or less accepted to prefer someone of the same-sex, he couldn't imagine it was acceptable to have no preference.
It was the first time the colonel was meeting the boy. He was aware of the circumstances, of course. The tiny god rushed to meet them as they exited the elevator. Steve and Tony were dressed to leave, since they planned on staying in a hotel that night.
It turned out to be fairly easy to entertain Loki. The boy had an endless amount of curiosity and explored the penthouse happily. All while babbling away in his own language. All Steve had to do was following him around and stop him if he reached for something fragile.
"Papa!" The small boy tore from her hand and ran towards a muscular man with blond hair. Who looked quite familiar, now that she thought about. While they looked nothing alike, she had to guess they were father and son.
He was feeling bored. It wasn't often he felt that way but right now he was. None of his toys were drawing his attention. Daddy and Papa were talking about something, they probably didn't want to be interrupted. Scary maybe-aunt Natasha had said children shouldn't interrupt adults talking. Loki wasn't so sure she was right about that but it wasn't like he couldn't find someone else to play with.
They spent most of the night entwined, making love. Neither was very surprised the next morning when Pepper returned Loki while looking rather frizzy. A toddler or not, he was still the god of mischief.
"Steve", he said in a sing-song voice. "Ste-eve. Honey Poh." Also climbing into the bed he teased his boyfriend by tickling his nose. The soldier was immune to tickles. Except for his nose. It got a small reaction. Boring. The engineer started kissing his face instead, while murmuring his name.
He was shaking. After returning to his floor Steve almost felt an urge to rip his sketchbook to shreds. Even though he knew it was too late. Tony had seen them, the drawings. Hopefully none of them would realise the actual meaning. Had it been Bucky, he would have known instantly. And would probably have teased him endlessly.
Strong arms wrapped around him. A warm body against his back. Steve kissed his neck and rested his cheek on the engineer's shoulder.
Rage bubbled up in the engineer's chest. "I will be back", he said, keeping his voice as calm as possible.
"He didn't realise that you didn't understand him since he could understand you", Thor explained. "The All-Speak is useful, but it can take time to learn how to use it properly."
After a week in the hospital, Steve insisted on being released. Against the wishes of the doctors. Yet, while his right arm was in a sling and his ribs ached, he was almost completely healed. It was an enormous relief to return to the Avengers Tower, and to the penthouse.
It was kind of depressing to see how few items Steve owned. He had anticipated them having to go several times but it ended up being just twice. None of the furniture had to be moved for now so it was just clothes and some knick-knacks. Including a familiar looking sketchbook.
"I see", for some reason, Stark's voice had become very cold. "So you would expect him to be what? A brute? Cruel?"
Rising from his brother's grave, Thor brushed away some dirt. For all that he called it a grave, it was empty. Loki hadn't been awarded with a send-off, nor given a proper burial. Instead his body had been thrown off the edge of the world. The fate of criminals. This grave was one the Thunderer had built himself. It was just stones placed in a small pyramid hidden in the forest.
"This is his second chance", the engineer said as he joined them. "Let's make sure we are worthy of it."
When put that way... sighing the god of thunder realised they had a point. He had never been known for his patience. It was also unlikely Loki would feel comfortable with him. Considering the fearful glances he got.
Thor watched as the god of mischief sprinted away to the elevator. Still at loss for what was going on. Not to mention, Loki had still been blue. Meaning it was the first time he had seen the Trickster in his Jotun skin.
"Besides, Stevio here needs to heal up some more before we need that kind of privacy", Tony said. "Also, we promised to explain more. Might as well get that over with."
Pausing the engineer looked up as his boyfriend carried the toddler over. Maybe he had warmed up to the soldier, because the kid was babbling happily. And it was nothing like English.
Barton started swearing and marched out of the room. Visibly sulking. The lady spy said something in Russian before excusing herself. Leaving the small family and Doctor Banner.
Still high on emotions from the bar, the soldier pulled Tony closer to him. Giving him a kiss, Combing through brown hair with his fingers.
"Sorry boys", someone said, breaking the moment. "You two are super cute but now it is our turn." It was another patron with his date.
Thor couldn't understand what the mortal was trying to tell him. His brother had died, yes. But he was also alive, here. Why was that a bad thing?
"No, but it would probably reduce or eliminate any hesitations. But the drug can't make someone who don't something they are not already willing to do. Including sex." Phew. So no issue on that level at least. "Why are you asking?"
"I want you to be happy, Tony. And it is obvious you are happy with Steve. If my help means you can stay happy, then it is worth it."
"Our son is blue", the brunet said, sounding distant. Frowning the soldier looked down. Just as the other had said, sitting in the engineer's lap was Loki. Who was an azure blue and had red eyes. Seemingly uncaring about the cold. "He touched it, I pulled him away. Then he was blue. Have I broken our kid?"
"He is too short, he wouldn't be able to reach. I don't think he needs a high chair but something a bit more suitable."
"Smooth talker. If anyone is being a good father, it is you. I have seen you with him, teaching him how to be a good man."
"Unca Buck!" The boy said loudly and launched himself on the man with the metal arm. "Play with me?"
Currently the tiny god of mischief was parked on Tony's lap, munching on a big helping of pasta from the in-house cafeteria. As always, he had pretty good manners. Considering his age.
Pepper roped in Rhodey to help her babysit Loki this time. They were joined by Steve's new friend. She had definitely learned the hard way that a small Trickster was still a trickster.
"It makes you wonder", the CEO said. "If he was this cute and innocent as a child, how did he end up so twisted. Thor didn't."
"Tony! Over here!" The blond shouted and a second man came running. This one was shorter, hand brown hair and a goatee. Panting he ruffled the hair of the boy in his father's arms.
The words startled the brunet. He was starting to wonder is Steve was pulling a prank on him. Well, two could play that game.
As the siblings had gone through half the pile Loki was still on his first. Taking his time. Bucky knew the boy had talent, Steve had been teaching him the basics. The picture taking form was clearly of his family. His dads alongside honorary uncles and aunt. All surrounding himself while wearing smiles.
"Don't be too freaked out", the engineer said dryly. "So far it is only a few words here and there. We think his All-Speak is becoming more complex as he grows."
"That's..." honestly? He had forgotten. Things were going so well with Steve that he hadn't even bothered to think about the failed relationship.
Thor gave up. The boy didn't seem to understand, behaving just like the age he seemed to be. Meaning his questions were to complicated for Loki to understand.
Music was playing on a bearable volume in the bar. The patrons was mostly in their thirties or forties. Just like Steve and Tony, they were mostly out on dates. They also just happened to be in a gay bar.
"A damn good one if so", Tony said. "He has been here for weeks and acts completely like a toddler. Even JARVIS confirmed he really is a child. We don't know the circumstances but we do know this isn't a trick. To be honest, his pranks are fairly innocent and completely harmless."
"No, seriously. Do I have good timing or bad timing? It is hard to tell." Sam was standing by the elevator, big grin on his face. "You two are so lovey-dovey it is almost embarrassing. How come no one has found out yet?"
"Not to interrupt the moment too much", a very amused Pepper said. "But I think it is time I give you your wedding present."
It was a toddler. Maybe three years old. The child was both stark naked and filthy. Confused the soldier looked around but saw no one else. There was something eerily familiar about the boy. Especially with the matted black hair and those big green eyes.
"Yeah, he hates soggy cereal." Taking the bowl he placed in the sink, in the meanwhile, the Captain sat down. Letting the tiny Trickster sit on his lap. "He wants them as they are." A new bowl was brought out and filled with cereals that was then placed on the table."
"Water damage. And pretty extensive too. The pipes are leaking all over. I knew I should have handled the plumbing myself. But oh no, it was supposed to be professionals. Well, look what that got me."
They had also discovered that the tiny god slept better if both of them took time to sit with him in the evening. Reading a bedtime story and just let him cuddle with them.
"Smooth talker, alright." Draining the rest of his drink Tony let himself be pulled out into the open space. There were no real finesse or technique to them dancing. They were just swaying from side to side. Until a twist started playing. Suddenly the engineer found himself being twirled around.
It was like Loki had dug through all of his belongings, looking for something. Desperately. Heart heavy Thor began picking up the books. His brother had always loved to read, to study. Every book he had collected had been either very rare or very special. So seeing them discarded like trash was heartbreaking. Especially the ones taking about Frost Giants. Most of them talking only about how monstrous they were, how ruthless.
Loki had heard a few such stories already. He didn't like them. For some reason they were told as if they were about some great accomplishment but he thought they just sounded sad.
"That's normal, he can understand you, so it will work itself out. Lo! Could you go with Sam here? He's a friend and he wants to eat lunch with you."
Looking at the wall clock the billionaire realised it was already 10 o'clock. To be fair, he had been up late.
"This spell sounds very powerful", the Thunderer said. "I imagine it would take time to prepare it before you even try."
It was odd. He remembered his brother from when he was still a baby. The exact same age. While he looked the same as he did then, he didn't act the same. Back then Loki had been crying a lot, often seeking comfort from either their parents or the Thunderer. More often than not, he had been turned away. Even admonished by Odin for crying. Frigga had been the only one to take time to comfort the child. Due to his own youth at the time, Thor hadn't really handled it well.
"Can you show us?" Tony said and got a small nod. The small god of mischief walked over to the table and picked something up in each hand.
The engineer was also obviously working on something quite fervently. Muttering to himself and tinkering with something. Often at night when the soldier had already fallen  asleep. It had to be important.
They watched the duo play. It mostly looked like rough housing. With the adult letting the child win. Especially when Loki got on the man's back and had him galloping through the penthouse.
"Good", Stark handed him a one hundred dollar bill. Which was way too much for a lunch. "You can get some dessert too, if you want."
"Well, it is the same for me! If you are happy, then I'm happy. You don't have to constantly adjust to what I want. You can do what you want too."
from the speakers. Outside stood officers with heavy weaponry. To detain or protect was hard to say.
"His name is William", he said at last. "He is studying engineering and is taking some art classes at my school to improve. We have only talked a few times. And considering the way he chases after the girls, I think it is pretty clear what he prefers. And again, it is illegal."
On the common floor Barton, Natasha, Banner, and Thor were watching TV. They all looked away from the screen when the men guided Laura inside.
"A few do know", the engineer said. "Friends of mine. As for the other Avengers, they think we hate each other's guts."
"Thank you, buddy", the soldier said. "I'm feeling better already. Why don't you go find uncle Bucky and ask him to play with you?"
"I'm done." The book was shown to the doctor who picked it up. To his surprise, it was a math workbook for first graders. While the numbers were clumsy written, every problem had been solved correctly. But why was the god doing math. "Daddy said I could get next book when I was done."
While Steve distracted the boy with his phone the engineer used a small needle and pricked the index finger. He then used some kind of small pipe to collect the drop of blood. Thankfully it didn't seem to bother the child. While the AI analysed the blood the soldier placed the kid on the sofa, making a quick semolina porridge.
Closing the sketchbook Tony offered it without a word. As the blond took it there fingers brushed against each other. For some reason, the engineer's heart skipped a beat. Had to be lack of sleep.
He landed on top of the Avengers Tower and headed inside. Heading straight towards the penthouse. Sitting on the floor when he arrived, Loki looked up from his toys, seeing him.
The soldier gave him a grave look, cradling his cheek. "I'm that much in love with you. I don't mind because if you are happy, then I'm happy."
The woman's eyes widened and then she smiled. Offering her hand. "Hi, I'm Laura Barton. This is Lila and Cooper. Kids, this is Dad's work friends. Iron Man and Captain America."
"Oh... Still, just to be sure. I'm talking pricking his finger and a drop of blood. Then have JARVIS compare it to the data we have of adult Loki."
Nodding the blond walked off with the kid. Scratching his beard the engineer thought for a second. "JARVIS? Order a few things a kid might need and search through police databases to see if there is a kid missing that matches the description of maybe-Loki."
Seeing all three of them lose their jaws in shock was pretty funny. Well, Romanoff had missed it for a long time. So her being miffed wasn't that weird.
His AI assured him. Breathing out the engineer felt tension melt away. He picked up the boy and held him close.
Steve chuckled and kissed his cheek. "I guess I should say it properly then", he said. "I love you, Tony Stark. And I, too, very much want this."
Later the same evening, as they got ready for bed, Tony jumped him. Claiming a kiss. He was more than happy to get into it, returning the kiss and caress the skin under the shirt. They had just laid down on the bed, while trying to take their clothes off, when JARVIS interrupted.
"The kid's are upstairs, playing", Tony said. "Probably destroying half the penthouse but what can you do."
"Steve and Loki are at the park today", Tony said nonchalant. "There are some leftovers in the fridge so feel free to take whatever you want."
It was an upscale hotel. The lobby was quiet and the staff spoke softly. Before getting married, Steve had never been to places like this. Now he was starting to get used to it. They received the key card to their room and went up.
"It is true that this is Loki, but according to JARVIS' analysis he is definitely not older than three years old."
Christmas came and went. As it turned out, none of the others were interested in celebrating. Meaning the two of them could spend the time together without issue. Clint had even left on a super secret mission together with Natasha. Only returning after New Year.
When they arrived back home, they managed to convince Bucky to lay down on the bed. There, Steve watched as Tony used some sort of magnets. Called it electromagnetic therapy. It knocked his oldest friend out, throwing him into a deep sleep.
"Can you keep a secret?" The boy nodded eagerly. Leaning a bit closer the soldier told him. "I am Captain America. Daddy is Iron Man."
Did she just say her name were Barton? And what did she mean by being work friends? Steve seemed to think the same thing. Because he frowned as he asked:
"Anthony Edward Stark, do you agree to take Steven Grant Rogers to be your legally wedded husband?" The man droned.
"Or..." Steve said slowly, starting to have an epiphany. "Natasha takes Thor's floor, and I 'bunk' with you."
"Funny story, really", Tony forced a smile. "Yes, Steve and I are an item. And the kid over there is actually Loki, the god of mischief."
The engineer sauntered off with the god on his arms, talking with the child. Shaking his head, Bruce tried to wrap his head around everything. Realising he still held the wet towel.
They headed down together. Putting on their usual act of indifference. At the common floor where Bruce, the two - former - spies, and Thor. The god of thunder looked more of less the same as last time. His armour was a bit different, his hair a bit longer. Otherwise he was pretty much the same.
"But you defend it. You are defending your dad who caused this in the first place. Your mom, who from the sound of it, turned a blind eye to her own son's suffering. So, yeah. I hate Asgard!"
"Er... no. But families can be in many different combinations and be created in all sorts of ways. None of which is right or wrong. They just are."
"Okay." Without complaining the kid went to his toys and started playing. Sometimes slipping into what sounded like Asgardian.
Ah, well. It was way too late to think about all that. Deciding to go back to sleep Tony nestled closer to Steve's warm body and was soon out.
"You can't treat them the same", Rogers said. Still with the god of mischief in his lap. "We don't know why Loki is now a child, but he is. And as Tony said, this is our son. We decide what is best for him. If you can't have patience with him or show him care, then we can't have you around."
After having played for a while Loki felt his stomach start to rumble. Meaning he was hungry. Putting away his toys the boy looked for Uncle Bruce. The man was on the sofa, fast asleep. Carefully he tried shaking the man, he had been warned to not make him angry in any circumstance. A snore was all the answer he got. Pouting the tiny god decided to find some food on his own. He had watched Papa and Daddy make food plenty of times, after all.
"Look, Thunder Pants", the engineer said and also sat down. "Everyone have stuff they don't like. We don't force ourselves to eat something we don't like, so we won't force Loki to do so either. It is not like his eating habits are bad either."
At her insistence, Happy was also informed of the situation. His reaction was quite funny. First he gave a look that said "
Yet now, his brother - if they still were brothers - was smiling. Laughing and giggling. Both of the mortals gave him attention. Loving attention. Not just words but physically as well. Touching his hair, kissing his forehead, helping him clean up.
