“I need your eyes,” Bruce said, flicking his wrist to send an open holoscreen spinning towards him. “You catch things the rest of us don’t. Roll back the CCTV footage, watch how these guys move. You know Hydra better than anyone. JARVIS is already scanning everything he can find. Maybe we can get a good facial recog on at least one of these bastards.”
“Oh, you poor, stupid mortal,” Amora says, leaning over Loki’s shoulder. The woman in white boxes him in on the other side. “Did you think Loki was truly your friend?”
“What?” Tony says. He gestures threateningly at the holoscreen with a screwdriver. “No way, she’s busy.”
“Please go,” Tony begs, hating himself a little for it. “We both know my self-control is absolute shit. You’re the military man, here.”
“No, I didn’t mean it like that,” he protested. He turned an apologetic look on Tony, wincing at his expression. “I’m sorry, Tony. I just meant, your bond is unusually strong, even for alpha-omega couples. If there was a way to test it, without endangering either of you, or your bond.” He held up a hand, speaking quickly now. “I know it’s unethical, and I wouldn’t. I’m just saying-”
“We can, sir. The design won’t flow in the way you prefer, but I can adjust the paint colour accordingly at the very least.”
“JARVIS?” Tony snaps, pulling up and aiming his repulsors at the ground. He can’t see anything; his display is still on the fritz. “Rhodey?”
“Seconded,” Tony says, a triumphant grin on his face. Steve can feel how hot his face is, his whole body thrumming with it. Then Tony twists, unexpected, and pokes Steve right in the ticklish spot on his ribs.
Steve crosses his arms, the furrow in his brow that he seems to perpetually wear around Tony deepening noticeably. Great. He’s gonna give Captain America premature wrinkles. “You’d be more comfortable around me, if I wore them,” he says, and Tony raises his eyebrows.
As always, feel free to disagree vociferously in the comments. I love talking about this stuff, or I wouldn’t write about it.
Pepper rolls her eyes, motioning to the baggage assistant to put her luggage in the trunk of Tony's car. "What happened to my driver?"
Rogers stepped up close behind him, and Tony’s fingers tightened on the poker. He swallowed, standing and closing the door to the stove. Rogers’ fingers pulled the iron from his hands, leaning into his body to reach the stand, and Tony near about swallowed his tongue.
“You and he have gotten better at communication, but not so much better that this situation could pass without violence,” she tells him. “I would like to avoid the stupidity of emotionally constipated white men, and instead focus on you regaining your memories so we can go back to trying to locate Thanos and the stones and reverse what he did to our world. So now I have told you, and you can choose what to do with the information.” She tilts her head to the side, a small smile playing around the corners of her mouth. “But you are not a cruel man, so perhaps I have expectations of how you might handle me telling you something like this.”
Steve would agree with a lot of what he was saying (that last excluded, naturally) if the man wasn’t known for being hired by corporations to harm other corporations. Steve doesn’t think there was much moralising class-rage high ground to stand on when your client list is comprised of names like Roxxon, Justin Hammer, and Wilson Fisk. As it is, he mostly just feels pity. More than anything, what it seems like the man needs is rehabilitative psychiatric therapy.
“Can I-…” He clears his throat, tries again. His voice is strained when he speaks. “Are you hungry? Do you need anything?”
“It is a Japanese animated film about a Word War I pilot cursed to live as an anthromorphic pig. The film is directed by Hayao Miyazaki. Miyazaki is arguably the most well-known Japanese director in the United States, and Agent Barton thought that Porco Rosso was best suited to your tastes.”
“Fuck this,” Steve says, surprising himself with the anger in it. He takes a deep breath. He steels himself.
Tony stares at him, searching. He's on the knife edge of lashing out and giving in, and Steve has learned nothing if not how to wait. If the blow comes, it will wreck him, but he's learned his lesson after fighting with Tony for years now. It hurts less to take the one hit than return volleys.
“Please,” Steve said, half out of his mind with wanting, and Tony’s face softened. He stepped out of his pants and his boxers in one smooth motion.
Steve takes a deep breath, lets it out. “I don’t know,” he says. It takes a gargantuan amount of effort, but he knows better than to lie to a telepath. Everything inside of him is screaming at him to shut up, to obfuscate, but he’s trying this new therapy thing as it’s been presented to him. He doesn’t know if it will work unless he actually does it, right? “But I need to be out there, to watch his back. We’re partners.”
Pepper hadn’t heard him, but it seemed Tony had. He’d turned around with a gapemouthed expression on his face, and now the crowd was parting for him as he stepped forward.
“I think you must love your soulmate very much, to have come here and sought penance for hurting his heart.”
Steve rolls back to lie in bed, his StarkPhone dwarfed in his hands as he fiddles with it. He turns to offer Tony a sheepish glance, and Tony looses a weak huff of laughter at the realisation that he’d woken to Steve’s morning alarm. It’s not yet daylight, the slow purpling of pre-dawn the only light visible from the outside. The automated shades haven’t even activated yet.
“Tony,” Steve gasps, and Tony smiles, rubbing his thumb slowly over the line of muscle that points down to Steve’s groin. “Touch me.”
"And you didn't even get blown up," Pepper says, stepping onto the tarmac. "So to what do I owe this honour?
Hope you had fun! Thanks for stopping by. Drop a line, let me know what you thought. As always, all comments welcome.
“It’s just, after your runs,” Tony said, sounding panicked now. Steve frowned at him, watching as Tony took another step back, his hands splayed out in front of him. “I don’t want you to think I don’t respect you, Cap. I never meant to make you feel like you weren’t safe, or welcome-”
“Uh.” Bruce scratches at his brown with a thumb, then glances at Tony. “I’m not really sure. It looks like SHIELD wasn’t sure what to make of his tech, but they didn’t ask for help because…well, because they’re idiots.”
“Hank and I were able to figure out the shape of whatever it was that cut him. A small sickle blade, like something Widow might carry. An assassin’s weapon. Or…”
“Hey,” Tony says, perhaps a little sharper than he’d like, and Steve stops, nostrils flaring. “I’ll give you a pass because you’re upset, but don’t infantilise me, Cap. I know a bad touch when I feel it.”
“My apologies, we have never been properly introduced,” Loki says, walking up to Pepper and manoeuvring deftly around Tony in a way that speaks to a thousand years of court dances and intricate battle training. He holds out a hand and does this little courtly bow, and Pepper raises an eyebrow at Tony but takes his hand, letting him kiss her knuckles. “I am Loki, once a crown prince of Asgard.” He pauses, considering. “Now, something else, I think. And you are the fair Ms. Potts, guardian of the Stark empire, whom I have heard so much about. What shall I call you?”
Tony looks down, swallows once. When he opens his eyes again, they’re gem bright with tears. A bevy of shutters go off, and Steve can’t blame them. Tony is the perfect image of subtle, tasteful grief.
“I said yes, didn’t I?” Tony asks, fond exasperation outweighing his irritation. “Go on. If you’re lucky, and very,
They all have, multiple times. It’s a hell of a thing, to know that you’ve died and come back to life. He remembers reading The Adventures of Tom Sawyer as a kid, thinking what it would be like if he and Arnie had washed up on the rocky shores of the East River somewhere. How many folks would have mourned a couple of dead immigrant kids?
“Come to bed?” Steve asked, and Tony swallowed. “I picked something up to eat. I don’t know what it is, but it looked good. There’s pork and scallions and spicy noodles.”
Tony laughs softly, caught somewhere between disbelief and embarrassment. “Thanks?” he says. He isn’t sure if he should be flattered or not. That did seem a little backhanded, but he can’t help but feel like Thor’s just given him his blessing or something equally ridiculous.
“Tell her it’s no rush,” Tony sighs. “Cosmic safety comes before my comparatively painless hentai nightmare. Hell, Doc Ock lives like this willingly.”
“Well, you’re incredibly tight.” Bruce digs into Tony’s shoulders for emphasis, pulling another groan out of him. “Not sure if that’s from the armour or hunching over your worktop all the time. Maybe both. You should probably be getting massages regularly. Do you get headaches?”
Steve considered it. He’d smoked asthma cigarettes when he was young, and then many a pack in the army. It was the done thing, then, something to stave off the hunger and the cold. He hadn’t had a cigarette since 1945.
“You’ll come before I fuck you,” Tony said, and Steve whined. “I want you nice and slick for me. I was promised breakfast, and I want you dripping for me-“
The elevator’s ding is an absolution that Steve embraces with open arms. He steps out and unlocks the door to his quarters with exhaustion hanging heavy in his frame. He wants to lie down and nap, but he knows that’s not a good impulse. It’ll just make him too keyed up to sleep later, set him sparring with Tony’s specially reinforced punching bags down in the gym at 3 AM.
“’S okay,” Steve says, or tries to say. Tony’s high cheekbones are limned with tears, shining bright under the streetlights. It’s an alright final vision. Tony’s arms are a good place to die. He tries to reach up, to brush the tears from Tony’s face, but he can’t quite manage it. He settles for wrapping his fingers around Tony’s wrist instead. “Ton’…nnn.”
Tony laughed, wiping his hands in his apron and reaching around back to undo his ties. “Peter’s clever. What’s wrong with it?”
Tony considers this, then slides to the side, moving back in the direction of the quinjet. Natasha’s expression could cut steel, and Tony makes sure to keep a wide berth, chuckling a little at Loki’s shit eating grin. Bastard.
FYI things get a little #spicy between Peter and Stephen re: Civil War here. Once again, character views are not my own. Also, Stephen is kind of a dick here, sorry. I feel like I made him a little too nice in my last Stephen fic, and here he's a little too mean... .___. He's a hard man to write when I really only know him from the brief interactions he's had w/ Tony lmao. Sorry guys.
“Strap in,” she says finally, and Tony takes a deep breath. He sits up, reaches for the straps with unsteady hands, but he loses hold of one, and it swings wild. The clang that it creates when it falls back against the wall is deafening. “Hey. Deep breath, Avenger.”
“I know what that’s like,” he says instead, “feeling completely out of place in a strange new world.”
He remembers, suddenly, and with great remorse, the feel of Edwin Jarvis’ long, bony arms curled around his shoulders, the way his skin was always smooth and cool and smelled of old fashioned soap. He takes a look around the darkening workshop, then looks up at the ceiling and tries to get his bearings again.
“Sorry, had a neuroscientist friend in college who was writing a thesis on octopodes—big at the time, they’re so smart and we didn’t have the slightest clue about them—and used to go off on this rant. He had thirteen of ‘em shipped in under the supervision of…” He trails off, glancing up at Steve. He’s babbling again. “Uh. Doesn’t matter.”
“Well, there’s your penance, then. Read the whole thing through, in English, and see how you feel about it afterwards.”
“That’s one,” Tony said, and Steve took a sharp breath. “Oh, baby, I’m gonna wreck you so well you won’t be able to move.” He dipped down, his tongue lapping over Steve’s abused bondmark, and Steve let out a desperate gasp.
Steve frowns. “You were a kid struggling with an oppressed identity during a deadly pandemic that was killing your friends. That’s not cowardice, Tony. You were protecting yourself.”
“C’n take more,” Steve slurs, and Tony releases one side and smacks him, watching the flesh bounce. It makes Steve clench deliciously around him, and so he does it again. And again.
“Thank you, sir,” JARVIS deadpans. “Sir is upset because Captain Rogers told him that he was hard to love.”
“I’m glad you did, personally,” she continued, and Steve raised an eyebrow from where he was buttering his own toast. “But also for practicality. I wanted to talk with you, privately.”
. Worse than the idea that half of the population of every living thing in the universe was gone, including Pepper, and Happy, and Peter, who apparently he’d become even closer to before the kid died in his arms.
“You’re right,” he says, absently, and Rhodey looses a sound that Tony knows from experience means confusion and self-satisfied amusement. “No, listen. JARVIS, Steve didn’t check up on Barnes at all, did he?”
“No,” he says. “I was lucky. Can you really imagine a younger version of me being careful? I was incredibly lucky, and then I was scared as hell.” He rubs a tired hand over his face. “Omegas are so vulnerable. It’s astonishing, how vulnerable omega biology makes a human being. To be incapacitated during a heat season. To be hyperfertile. To be biologically weaker. Omegas are built for breeding, with the expectation that we’ll be taken care of. We were super-spreaders. Heat parties, you know? Normal, in the scene, but one omega invites over a handful of friends for a heat and suddenly you’ve got thirty, sixty people infected. Suddenly, the stereotypes were electrified. Must be right, huh? Male omegas are filthy knotsucking whores. Fucking fags deserve to die.”
“No sexy firefighters,” Joyce says firmly. “What about construction? That’s tangentially related to what SI does, if we focus on Irish-American contributions to American infrastructure.”
Natasha nodded. “We spent all morning fighting. I think you should take a break.” She studied Steve’s expression. “Tony will be home, soon. They’re putting him in the Tank.”
“You’re your own worst enemy, Tony,” Peter says. “Now stop being such a dramatic asshole, and let’s go. I’m free until three. If you fly us over, we can be in and out of the Triskelion with plenty of time to spare.” And then, under his breath, “Fuck, I just came for the banging cast iron waffle maker. This is why I don’t hang out here. Crazy shit, every time…”
“We thought to retrieve Barnes,” Thor says, and Steve’s entire body snaps to attention at that. “It should have been simple.”
Tony narrows his eyes at Steve, and Steve immediately closes his mouth. His expression is pleading, even as he folds his hands into his lap. He clenches his hands together so tight his knuckles pale. A strange suspicion niggles at Tony.
Steve stills, fingers curled so carefully around the edges of the tray. He's already halfway to the door. Tony doesn’t even know where he got a serving tray from. He’s not looking at Tony at all.
“You did plenty,” Steve said warmly, leaning in to kiss him again. “Mm. God, I just want to lie here on top of you.”
“Right,” he says, strangely unsettled. This isn’t the worst thing that’s happened to him. It’s not even the first time he’s been incorporeal. He just doesn’t like how it makes him feel, like he’s…well. A ghost.
“What are you talking about?” Steve asked, bewildered now. Tony blinked at him, confusion overtaking his face.
Still. It’s harder than it should be to agree to treatment, even if he’s already told Tony he would do it. He’d spent so much of his life sick. It feels like defeat.
Steve opens his mouth, then closes it again. He licks his lips, which is nice. “Tony,” he burrs, and his voice is so
“Let her hear you call her a spook and she’ll be near to your heart alright,” Rhodey mumbles behind his hand. Tony shoots him a grin, then slides the folder back across the table and opens it to a familiar face from a security still in Pleasant Hill.
Tony clears his throat, and Steve’s face snaps up. He can feel himself blushing, and when he looks at Tony’s face, Tony’s staring straight at him. His expression is complicated, like he doesn’t know what’s going on, or where he is.
Rogers’ grin was wry, but he opened his mouth for the next spoon Tony offered him. They sat together like that until the bowl was finished, Rogers opening his mouth for the spoon. One of his broad palms made its way to rest on Tony’s knee. When he was done, Tony stayed, finishing his own bowl. It was edible, but something about it tasted wrong. Tony wasn’t sure what he’d done, but it didn’t taste like the chuck wagon stew Rogers always made when he came by for dinner. Something about the spices, maybe.
“Don’t call me that, Rogers,” Tony says, pointing a finger at him. “I can’t- this can’t be happening.” He sucks in a shuddering breath, visibly trying to patch his manufactured panache back together even as it flakes off of him with each word, with each ever-strengthening beat of Steve’s heart as he steps a little closer towards Tony.
“Rogers!” Tony called, but there was no answer; just the snow, and the skirling wind, and the endless crunch of hooves as Tony raced down the path.
“Guess I’m just so used to listening to you,” Tony says, shrugging, and Steve blinks at him. “I didn’t even notice, if you can believe it. Ask J.”
Tony can remember the weight of that hand on him, warm and flexing in surprise at each unexpected blow. Steve was sunlight and warmth where Tony was night and metal, cold and precise and clear. They were reckless differently, in ways that chafed each other at the fetters, loved differently, fought differently. Steve was everything…he wasn’t.
“Tell him no giant stuffed animals, live animals, or buying her favourite sports team. Nothing that costs more than five figures,” Steve listed, only half-kidding.
When Tony speaks, it’s like ripping off a band-aid. “Nico Minoru turned me into a merperson while trying to save my life. I’m half man, half Dream of the Fisherman’s Wife.”
Even the histories only mention Sarah Rogers; how she worked so hard for her son, how she died so tragically young. Steve never once mentioned his father to interviewers, and never said anything about him to his colleagues or the Commandos for it to be repeated. Tony hadn’t even been sure Steve had known his father, from how big of an absence there was.
“I’m still here,” Carol tells him, and her voice betrays just how much she’s hurting, too. “I’m here, Tony. I’ve got you.”
“Hey now,” Tony says, but there’s no heat in it. Reed is as notorious for his tunnel vision as Tony is for his distractibility. It is indisputable: facts of their universe.
Steve strips out of his clothes as soon as he’s past his own door, heading straight for the shower. He’s barely got a hand around himself before he’s knotting his own hand, forehead pressed to the cold white tile, chest heaving. He presses his tongue to the roof of his mouth for the last of Tony’s pheromones left there, licks his teeth and moans. Fuck.
“Tony, that’s not what I meant,” Steve tries, but he knows he’s already pulled the train off the rails. There’s no way to stop it now; he knows how Tony is when he gets like this.
He lost track of the hours. Sometimes, Tony pressed a bottle to his mouth, and Steve drank: cool, sweet water, apple juice, chocolate milk. Sometimes, Tony pressed small bites of fruit to Steve’s lips, sharp cheese and an apple slice on a cracker, a bit of cured meat.
Reed hmms at something on the readout, curious enough that Sue takes a break from her glowering to peek over his shoulder. Reed reclaims his hand from his son’s shoulders as he and Sue enter deep into a discussion about psionics and astral projection, and Franklin sighs and turns to Tony with a beleaguered expression that has no business on the face of a small child.
“No,” he says, shaking his head. He steps out of the shower, towel wrapped around him, and pads back out towards the bedroom. He grabs a small towel for his hair on the way out. “I mean, I don’t trust you, but no. I wasn’t talking about you.”
Tony frowns. “Seriously, J? I programmed you better than that,” he says. “Because they’ll bench me, obviously. They’ll put me on ice while they try to undo whatever it is that Le Fay did, and if that’s not the biggest fucking cosmic injustice then I don’t know what qualifies. It’s not like they’re gonna bench Cap, even if he’s the one-” He stops, takes a breath. Some things shouldn’t be said, even in anger to your closest confidant. “Look. Leave Strange a message, tell him it’s an emergency. And keep the search running in the background, lest he pop up in the fuckin’ mountains of Laos or something.”
,” Natasha says shortly, and Clint looks down at her with an exaggerated frown. “I feel like you two need a happy ending, after the last one.”
“I want happiness for you,” Steve says, and Tony’s breath punches out of him sure as if he’d taken a hard hit to the sternum. “I want that for you, more than anything. You’d make an amazing father, Tony. And I want-” His voice breaks, and Tony watches as he closes his eyes, takes a slow breath in, out. “I want Buck back. I want…I need that. I do. But that doesn’t mean I can’t… We have to keep living. You’re the one who keeps telling us that. We have to keep living, and that means building new relationships. Letting the world around us be…be incredible, and beautiful. Letting people in.”
, Tony please,” he’s chanting, over and over. His eyes are squeezed shut, the muscles in his arms straining. “
Steve licks the dryness from his lips, fiddling with the spoon from his earlier meal. It’s still in his hands, for some reason, but he appreciates the presence of the metal between his fingers now. It’s skin-warm and well weighted for fiddling. “You want me to see a telepath to check for any mines Amora might have left behind?”
Tony shrugs. He wanders over to the console, leaning into Reed’s space so he can glance over the readouts. “Oh.”
“By brainwashing everybody and sticking them in a fake suburban paradise? That’s literally the plot of a horror movie. They did that one, guys, it was called The Stepford Wives, and it’s pretty universally agreed that it was a shitty move. You’re literally horror movie villains. No wonder somebody broke them out, I’m almost rooting for the criminals here.” Tony covers his face for a moment, trying to hold in hysterical laughter. He should know better than this. “Oh, wait, this was probably entirely the idea of actual Nazis, our good friends Hydra and Co. And you just rolled with it. Captain America is gonna love this.” He turns and points a finger at the Secretary. “And by the way, ‘things’? Ross, your xenophobia is showing. Put that away, man, nobody wants to see that.”
Tony bit down on his bondmark again, and Steve let out a skirling cry, arching into the pleasure. It caused Tony’s knot to catch at his rim, and he could feel himself getting wetter as Tony came in a rush, warm heat seeping into his abdomen. His knot swelled even further, and Steve whined and rocked on it, letting it press into his sweet spot, feeling Tony inside him so hot and full and close.
“If you’re cleared for the field why aren’t you acting as the leader of the Avengers?” Tony demands, still refusing to look away from Steve’s face. Bruce sighs, but Tony doesn’t let that get to him. He knows when he’s being manipulated.
. Did it stay? Can magical abilities pass on like that? And most importantly, did he really believe in all that mumbo jumbo shite?
A small chirruping sound came from his right, and Steve reached out a blind hand to catch at DUM-E’s strut, leaning heavily against the bot as he gathered his wits about him. He could hear JARVIS speaking, the AI’s cool, calming voice washing over him in waves, but it was a long time before he was able to focus on it. His head felt like it was full of cotton, stuffed full and utterly useless.
“This,” Bruce says, and spins the tablet down the table to Natasha. He points at Thor, who’s pouting at the end of the table, flecks of green curry in his beard. He has an entire collection of bamboo skewers in front of him, and is working his way through another batch of satay. “The Executioner is a power match for you. The other guy can take him out, but we’ve also got Moonstone to worry about, because as Tony showed me, the suits can’t handle her energy blasts. And then we’ve got Amora.”
“-so I wrote the eval that would hurt you the most, and make you want to join the Avengers,” Natasha finishes smoothly, and behind Tony, there’s a sound, like Steve is choking.
“Meet Bruno Hasegawa, alias The Melter. Wow, why are supervillains so bad at naming themselves? Use a little imagination.” Tony offers Thor the StarkPad, who only eyes it distastefully. Natasha takes it from him, then snags a spring roll from under Clint’s nose. “Apparently S.I. – which really, in my defence, was Pepper – pissed him off with this big deal we just did in Japan. We were both competing for a piece of the newly expanded Japanese defence budget, and we swiped some big cash from him when we secured the contract a few months ago. Pepper just came back from hammering out the fine print. So he built something specifically to destroy me, which is, uh. Pretty good job, there. J, can you send this to Pepper? And put Happy on full alert. Oh, God, she’s gonna hate me for that, but this guy has a huge rage boner and she’s gotta be high on his shitlist.”
“I’d prefer to observe your natural electroencephalographic readings before we venture into altered states.”
After a week, Bruce called them home. They’d cleared out everything they could find of Hydra, SHIELD picking up the pieces where they could manage it. There was nothing left to do, besides hike the Gerogian countryside and partake in their food and drink. Steve suspected Thor had gone out of his way to keep Steve busy for the past two days.
“I’m sorry for any discomfort you may experience,” the professor murmurs, and then he touches cool fingers to Steve’s temples and the office falls away.
Tony pushes the button to start the brush cycle. “Tell me, then,” he says, gesturing with the toothbrush. “Tell me your side of the story.”
Steve startles, glancing up. Tony’s paused at the entrance to the workshop, one eyebrow quirked up as he gazes sightlessly towards Steve.
“He’s always fought me.” Steve tips his head up and grins the grin that he knows Tony calls blinding. “It’s part of what we like about each other.”
“Fuck him,” Tony mutters. He hisses as Bruce’s fingers hit a particularly bad knot. “Asshole abandoned me in my time of need.”
Bruce leans forward and braces his elbows on his knees, his eyes serious. “Tony, I want you to listen to me. No deflecting, no laughing it off. Ready?” Tony meets his eyes, pulse skipping. “Steve Rogers is in love with you, and it scares you to shit. I think you two could make something of it, if you would both stop skirting the issue like a pair of middle schoolers. I know you’re both emotionally stunted American men, but one of you is going to ruin this in a bad way if something doesn’t change, and it’s the resentment of that broken chance that’s going to fuck up the team, not you acting on it. You’re a powder keg.”
“Loki’s immature in some ways, too.” He grins a little, remembering wrestling with Loki in the bedsheets, the pale arc of his ribs as he squirmed away, laughing. “Trust me.”
Steve shakes his head a little, a slight blush coming to him as he tries to get his mind on right. He’s standing on poured concrete, in some sort of cavernous space. It’s bright, lit by the kind of overhead lights that Steve has only ever seen in underfunded hospitals and depressing office buildings. It was evening in New York, and it seems like it’s probably some time outside of the workday here too, wherever here is. There’s no one in the building.
“So, it’s my fault,” Pepper says, nodding. Her mouth trembles a bit, and Tony reaches to touch her cheek before changing his mind.
There’s a rustling among the gathered masses: heroes and friends and family at the front, then military and SHIELD personnel. A few hundred people Steve has never met. Crying families. Strangers. He sits in the grass at Sam’s feet and looks up at Tony, standing there in his dark suit, his expression sombre and collected.
"Cockblock," Tony sing-songs. It's worth it for Steve's bright blush; Clint's stuttering response is just the cherry on top. "Can you hear him, JARVIS?"
Franklin, Steve could tell, was quite delighted to have a position of such importance. Tony had retreated to the bathroom to wash the goop from the electrodes out of his hair and cried, Steve hopes for the last time, in the shower where he could maintain a piece of his dignity. It was sheer relief that graced him when he stepped out and onto the clean tile. It was like he was an entirely different man.
“If it makes you feel any better,” JARVIS begins, tentative,  “this situation has generated a positive impact in our predictive models for the outcome of the first UN accords committee meeting. It has proven that this is a dangerous group that required enhanced action, sanctioned or not. The international community will see how poorly the NIA fared when attempting to handle this situation in-house and take note.”
“Send a check to NYC AVP later,” she quips. She reaches out and slides another screen open. “This is a rag journalist, Lucas Garcia Thomas. Fancies himself the next Eddie Brock. He’s run a bunch of fishily-sourced ‘exposés’ on corporations doing illegal, reprehensible, generally not-good things. Lots of Twitter followers. Runs a sensationalist blog where he posts his more out-there conspiracies, the stuff even the rags won't run.”
“You…don’t look very ready,” Beth says, frowning. She takes him by the elbow. “I kinda wasn’t expecting you back today. Tony-”
“So. You drove four hours to my house on a Friday night to escape a scrap with your new best friend?” Sam looks at him. “What’s really going on?”
By his own ex-lover, Steve knows. The thought of Tiberius Stone’s oleaginous, grinning face makes his fists clench.
“Thank you,” Natasha says, dipping her head. She takes her hand back, and holds it out in perfect concert with Clint’s throw, catching the water bottle he’d sent careening her way. Loki’s head snaps around to track it, and his eyes meet Tony’s with mirthful heat. Tony waves at him, like a fucking idiot, and Loki positively leers at him.
“Fishing for compliments?” Loki asks, twisting his fingers brutally to hit Tony’s prostate, and Tony gasps and bucks up. Loki laughs, low and possessive.
“He may have just been drunk,” Steve says, wincing. He nods, once. “Tony’s changed. That’s what you’re saying, isn’t it?”
“Hold your tongue,” Thor warns, and Wilson looks at him, then at Natasha. Her insouciant shrug only seems to irritate him, which Tony can definitely understand.
“JARVIS, can you make sure he eats?” Steve says, and Tony winces. “Tell him…well. I’m ready to talk whenever he’s ready.”
Steve sighs, glancing at his bicep to check the time on his StarkPhone and then over at a passing street sign. “What about an opinion, based on the data you have?” he tries. “Also, let me know when I should turn around to get to Pershing by seven, if you please.”
“There are many ways that one might die without intent in Loki’s schemes,” Thor agrees, nodding seriously. Tony rolls his eyes heavenward. “You are not the first to be tricked by my brother’s sharp tongue, and you shall not be the last.”
“It’s too hot to cut,” Clint says. “Wash your hands, I don’t want machine oil in my pastry.” Tony nods and does as requested, then rests his elbows on the island, leaning over the cool marble to watch Clint’s shoulders as he moves.
“Why so shy now, Captain? Or was it someone else that decided to peep on me while I was having a private moment of pleasure?”
“You- I love you,” Tony babbled, and Steve moaned, his whole body shuddering at the words. “Fuck, I love you, you’re so fucking good to me, you’re the most incredible, gorgeous, filthy omega any alpha could want-”
Tony spins around, eyes wide in his face. Panic is skittering over him, quickly being replaced by defensiveness, and Steve holds up his hands in placation.
“Okay,” Steve said, shifting awkwardly on his feet. He’d chosen to stand between the stove and the island and eat that way, so he could face them properly. Natasha and Tony had taken two of the stools facing in, and as he watched Tony swivelled his so he could face her, holding his coffee mug between them like it was a shield.
Bucky falls. And falls. And falls. And falls. Sometimes Tony falls, too, over skyscrapers, into pavement. He is always too slow to catch them both.
Steve makes a sound that Tony knows well: a low, winded sound of want. It’s surprising enough to make Tony open one eye.
“Shh, omega, hush,” Tony fussed. He climbed into Steve’s lap, wrapping his arms around his shoulders and pressing Steve’s face into his neck. “Oh, honey. I-… it’s hard for me. To say it back. But that doesn’t mean I don’t-”
Steve froze, because Natasha never talked about that. They all knew––they’d all read each other’s files––but she’d never talked about it.
Is this what it feels like, meeting your soulmate for the first time? Tony feels like he's in an 80's ballad. He expects there to be strings.
“If the U.N. comes up with sanctions that the Avengers agree to, will congress let that agreement stand?” Hill asks, and Tony turns to look at her. Her head is tilted to the side, expression unreadable as she surveys the table.
Steve’s sitting on the lip of the tub, halfway through pulling his boots off. It takes him a long few seconds to drag his eyes up to Tony’s face, his cheeks flushed vaguely pink.
“No, it doesn’t,” Steve allows. “But you’re more fragile than you let people see. I forget that, sometimes. You cover yourself in so many different kinds of armour, and you always put on this mask of everything being fine. That’s what the team means, when they say I should know better. I always end up saying the wrong thing, even if I don’t mean to.”
R U N T H E T E S T, he repeats. He kisses under Tony’s left eye, his closed eyelids, the bridge of his nose.
“Tony,” Steve says helplessly. His eyes search Tony’s face, but still he can’t manage to meet Tony’s gaze. His eyes skitter away every time.
Tony watches, astonished, as a second, smaller orgasm washes over Steve. He clenches down hard on Tony, and Tony groans at the feeling of it. Finally, he’s beginning to feel like he might be able to come sooner rather than later.
“Did something happen that you’re unhappy about?” she asks carefully, and Tony immediately shakes his head.
He doesn’t know what this means, any of it. Tony being attracted to him, wanting him, was never in question. Tony was not subtle about his attentions, and he flirted like he breathed. His eyes were expressive, and the lingering looks that Steve knew intimately had graced most of the Avengers at one point or another. The fact that he was the most common recipient of them hadn’t escaped his notice, but still; he doesn’t know what it means, that Tony was willing to kiss him on the couch when they hadn’t talked yet. Was that an answer? Is the answer yes?
“You missed the part where I derided him for being a destitute orphan and told him he couldn’t afford me. It was really classy, top notch stuff,” Tony says seriously. Pepper looks like she doesn’t know whether to laugh or cry. They stare at each other for a moment, wavering on the edge of something. Tony looks away first and claps his hands loudly to break the spell.
Hulk considers this. He lets out a low, rumbling, thoughtful kind of sound. “Banner think you wrong.”
Tony lets out a breath as the workshop glass tints, fingers clenching on the edge of the worktop. “Oh, fuck, he’s gonna be pissed.”
Tony pauses, wiping a hand over his brow, then freezes when he catches sight of Steve staring at him through the glass. Their eyes hold for a long moment, Steve’s heart clambering into his throat, before Tony quirks an eyebrow and glances down at the sandwich and back at him.
Steve watches with bated breath. He’s using all his considerable strength to stay seated in the car, and for a moment it feels like Tony’s looking right at him. He looks confused, and irritated, and vaguely distracted in the way that he does when he’s trying to figure out an engineering problem and he can’t quite work out what’s gone wrong.
Steve blushes prettily, which is just. No. God, he’s going to hell for this. On top of the whole Merchant of Death thing. Surely this was against some cosmic rule against lust and greed and gluttony.
Natasha nods, leaning back in her chair. “You know what I was.” Tony nods. “You know what I did.” Tony nods again. “And I suppose it has occurred to you that The Winter Solider and I may have crossed paths, before.”
“The floor, it’s kinda rough on you, isn’t it?” Steve says knowingly, and Tony sketches out a tired sigh.
“So,” Pepper says, and Tony winces. He glances at Beth, who was already in Pepper’s office when he came in this morning. Her expression is nothing short of smug.
“I look forward to it,” Dr. Chandrakar says, sounding beautifully genuine. Tony could kiss him. He restrains himself, barely. “Do you want a kerchief…?”
“Why, thank you, Captain Obvious. Is that all this little trip is going to be, because if so I would like to state my preference for silence or maybe my regret at not taking the stairs.”
He goes through his morning ablutions slowly, luxuriating in silly things that he’d forgotten about. The way warm water feels on his skin. The sweep of his shaving brush over his jaw, the satisfying scrape of a straight razor. The feeling of his tongue sliding over squeaky clean teeth. The joy of scrubbing shampoo into his hair and using his nails a little, massaging his scalp under the hot water. He takes his time getting dressed. Khakis. Good shoes. A button down shirt. He thinks he’ll probably save the exciting stuff for tomorrow. Right now, he wants breakfast. Bacon. Eggs. He sniffs the air, a familiar scent wafting through the elevator doors.
“We are incredibly grateful, for everything both you and your team have done for your country,” Cochran says. “Stark, we’ve worked together a long time. You know I think you’re a damn good contractor and a patriot. No one is questioning that. But when the Nigerians come knocking on America’s door asking for accountability, what can we say? That you’re independent contractors, mercenaries, and we have no control?”
. Tony does not want to do this under the power of some other master. He does not want to give in because he has no choice. He wants to give in because Steve is handsome and glowing, all clotted cream and hair like wheat, eyes sky-blue and unbelievably happy. He wants to let Steve put his wet, red mouth all over his skin, to let Steve mark him up, to let him fuck Tony until he sobs.
Steve studies him. He glances meaningfully at the cluttered worktop, and Tony obligingly shoves some stuff over to make room for the tray. Steve puts it down and goes to fetch another stool, and Tony looks down at the spread. Warm thick-cut bread, stew, a pepper grinder, a few paper-thin slices of cheese. It’s…sweet, which Tony is learning is very much who Steve tries to be. When he isn’t putting his foot in his mouth, at least. He reaches out and gently brushes his fingers along one of the two napkins. He doesn’t even know where Steve found these in the tower.
“Be back in a sec,” he says, eyes flashing with gentle amusement. Then he turns around and leaves the bathroom.
“I love you,” he said, and Tony let out a desperate snarling cry, pressing his forehead to Steve’s chest. “I love you, I love you, I love you.”
Steve hasn’t seen him since the fight, which isn’t all that unusual; Tony blows cold, sometimes, disappearing for days on end while he pokes at some project or another. He thinks about Tony slaving over their equipment, burning his fingers and sweating from the heat, pushing himself after a battle to make sure the team has the tech they need to stay alive. In the beginning he’d seen nothing but the callousness, the way Tony brushed off anything resembling camaraderie, his mouth twisted into quiet disdain. It was only after watching him with Bruce, the way the other man lit up for him, that he began to watch more closely. He saw the way that people shrunk from Bruce, the way Tony homed in on him and touched him, the way Bruce leaned into that touch like a man starved. He saw the way Natasha would sometimes soften a little at the sound of his voice, mouth shifting ever so slightly. He saw the way Tony always spared her from his barbs. He caught them once, late at night, sitting in the dark and drinking together. The mission had gone particularly south, a little girl had been hit by a getaway vehicle gunning it down Second, and Tony had flown her personally to NYU Langone only to watch her flatline. They weren’t speaking, just curled together on the couch, the city lights illuminating their silhouettes in the faintest of yellows. Eventually, Steve had left, feeling guilty and voyeuristic for a reason he couldn’t explain.
Tony holds out a wrist to him, face up, in a gesture as old as humankind. “If you like,” he says, a little coy now.
The first time Steve saw Tony injecting himself with a syringe, it was in a cramped bedsit bathroom at four in the morning. Steve had just frozen in shock. It wasn’t drugs, he knew, or at least, not the fun kind. Tony had rolled his pants down over his thighs and was pinching his side to create a cushion of flesh for the needle to enter, face mostly expressionless as he pressed down on the plunger, only the barest wince betraying any pain. Then he pulled it out and covered the sharp, snapping it up in a case and putting it in his inner jacket pocket, and then he was turning around and Steve, well. Steve was still standing like an idiot in the doorway, shock and horror flickering over his body in turns. Tony never told anyone when he was sick, or when he needed help, or when he was dying. What was the medication for? Clearly he’d done this before: he’d been doing this a long time, in fact, as evidenced by the easy way he handled the clean-up, his complete lack of reaction at the injection.
“Bribery!” he crows, taking the cup in his hands. “This has been an ominous start to the morning, indeed. What did you guys do? Did Bruce Hulk out and break something big? Have Thor’s rooms become uninhabitable by NYCHA standards again?” Natasha offers him the tiniest of smiles, but says nothing, and Tony sits down at the head of the table across from Thor, because why the fuck not.
“He’s the man you loved,” Tony finishes. Natasha doesn’t answer him, but she doesn’t need to. They’ve always been good at this part. They understand each other. “What are you going to do?”
"No, it was...I touched him and my hand went right through his face. He wasn't there. He just wanted to talk."
Tony winces. “Peter…” He sighs. “Maria already softbanned me from visiting. Said something about it being unhealthy.”
“Steve, it’s okay. Come on.” He puts a hand up to his ear, switching the comms back online. “Guys, Cap’s…real fucked up. This is some Black Swan shit. Are we good to go?”
He could tell his words had the desired effect on Tony. He looked overcome with some emotion that Steve couldn’t even try to name, and for a moment, Steve thought he might confess. But then it passed, and a small smile stole over Tony’s face instead, so sweet and genuine and full of hope that Steve couldn’t help but kiss him. He couldn’t imagine doing anything else.
Tony thinks about caution, throws it to the wind. He twists his head to be free of Loki’s fingers. “Thinking about you fucking me when you’re iced over,” he says, grinning at the shock flashing across Loki’s face. “I bet it would feel incredible.”
Tony hasn’t spoken to Stephen, as far as Steve knows, but he also knows that’s because Tony doesn’t think that this is supernatural. Steve had no life signs. His throat had been slit, deep enough to cut through both arteries and his trachea. They’d stitched him up and given him some of his own blood, kept specifically for these circumstances, but he’d already flatlined by the time they’d gotten to him. He is, for all intents and purposes, dead.
“Punching a teammate in an elevator isn’t really heroic either, and Cap’s the golden boy out of us.”
Steve thought about all the times he’d been up in the penthouse right after a run, that he’d sparred with Tony, that they’d played one-on-one, and kind of wanted to jump through one of the plate glass windows.
“Thank you,” Steve had said, firm enough for there to be no mistaking his meaning, but Clint had just waved him off and gone to watch Dog Cops. Tony was gonna be pissed about that, later. That was his and Clint’s show.
Tony laughs at the mild invective. There’s the man he knows. “I’m feeling pretty smug for a man who’s about to be stuck with an epic case of blue balls, so thanks for that.”
He sighs, turning his face into the retinal scanner. “Access Granted: Anthony Edward Stark, Codename Iron-Man.”
. You have a meeting with the security taskforce at 11 o’ clock. Ms. Potts will be here to discuss preliminaries with you at nine.”
Sam fixes him with a reproving glare. “And you drove all the way out here? Get your ass home and sort out your life, Jesus.”
“Don’t do this,” she says, her eyes flashing, and Tony’s glad he’s wearing the suit. He doesn’t know what expression he’s making, but it would be too easy for her to read. He was always so easy for her to read. “Fight it.”
Tony cuts off the comms, just to be spiteful. He blows open the doors to the top floor, then blasts out onto the roof. From above, he can see the sunrise building on the horizon, bright orange slicing through the purplish dawn like a knife. The sun isn’t quite there yet, but it’s coming. A pink glow hangs over the city, heralding its arrival.
He takes a quick shower because Pepper hates waiting and touches up his goatee, taking extra time to gel back his hair perfectly. He puts on his charcoal Burberry because this meeting calls for Tony Stark, Merchant of Death more than Tony Stark, quirky robo-nerd. The only piece he keeps for himself is Natasha’s last Christmas gift; titanium bolt cufflinks, the centres inset with rubies. He buttons his waistcoat over a wine-red tie, then turns to stare at himself in the mirror.
“I think that one’s a little too opaque even for you,” Bruce hums, sitting down at Tony’s left, between him and Natasha.
"It could be a trap, but Loki hasn't done anything really evil in over a year," Tony points out. "He’s mostly just been annoying, more like a bored kid than a conquering dictator. That’s a long game, even for him. Now he's saved both me and Nat, once from our own people."
Tony ignores Ross’ spluttering, waiting, until finally he gets the nod from Coulson that he was hoping for. “You’re the spook dearest to my heart, Agent. After Natasha, of course.”
Steve is practically vibrating when he gets back to the tower, but as twitterpatted as he is, he’s still a tactician. He knows he’s too keyed up to talk to Tony like a normal person. He’s just as likely to barge into the workshop and just start babbling embarrassing things and quoting scripture at him, which seems more likely to turn Tony off than anything. Instead, he dips quickly into his room to change and then heads back down to the gym. It’s best if he works out some of this tension that’s bubbling up inside of him like light. He feels like he’s glowing from the inside.
Welp this got so fucked up and depressing. I’m really sorry everybody. Like I said, I thought this was gonna be the “confession! happy ending!” instalment but then seasonal depression was like “heyyyy remember me” and so here we are with…this, I guess. Fuck.
Tony can feel his cock dripping, remembering Steve pressed three fingers deep inside him, his mouth wrapped around Tony’s cock as he keened and begged. The metal worktop had been freezing against his bare skin, and he’d had no leverage, his calves hanging over Steve’s shoulders. He doesn’t quite stifle a whine.
“We can’t take the elevator with this much weight,” Tony says, mostly to himself. He smiles a little when JARVIS opens the doors obligingly. “But, we can use the shaft.”
“I need to feel you,” Steve says, a shuddering breath escaping him. He runs his fingertips over the nano-housing, then trails them down Tony’s stomach, ghosting over his cock. “I need…I don’t care who’s on top, but I need…”
“Mm.” Reed pulls up another graph, then arranges them for comparison. Whatever it is they’re seeing makes Tony frown even harder. “What I mean to say is that you hold yourself in lower esteem than you do Steve. You put Steve on a pedestal.”
It was a long time before either of them spoke, Steve processing what Tony had said, realigning his understanding of the situation. He had wondered for a long time how no one had known, how someone as scrutinised as Tony had kept this a secret for all these years. Tony had made sure to kill every member of the Ten Rings that had been a part of his kidnapping, and the surgeon who had helped him in Afghanistan was dead. Knowing that he’d been groomed for this, that he’d been like this since he was a child, made a terrible kind of sense. In some ways, it was good for Tony, who clearly wanted to be stealth and had managed to stay that way for over forty years. Still, Steve couldn’t help but wonder how lonely he must have been. Had he been able to talk about it to anyone? Did Pepper even know? Did Rhodes?
Tony laughs, a wet, hacking kind of sound. He pulls his head back just enough to meet Steve’s eye. “God, you’re too much, you know that?” He swallows, a wan smile still creasing his eyes, and Steve presses a small kiss to the corner of both of them. He’s wanted to do that for so long it aches, echoes through his bones and into the core of him. It feels a little like coming home. “We can’t risk alienating Loki right now.”
“Just eat,” Tony said gruffly, offering him another bite. Rogers laughed at him, but took the next few bites without complaint. After a few crackers, Tony pulled away and fetched a canteen. “Drink some water.”
With a hideous, mind-blanking rush, Steve-… Well. He doesn’t really know what he does. One moment, he was trying to go through the door to the stairs. The next, he’s crumpled on the ground at Tony’s feet. Tony’s arguing with Reed and Hank now, standing, and when he moves to pace Steve gets dragged along on the ground behind him like a dog on a leash. He feels like he’s going to be violently ill.
“I wasn’t exactly a confidant,” Steve acknowledged, mouth twisting as he remembered how poorly their first meeting had gone.
Tony picks up his glass, then puts it down again, hard enough that a wave of amber liquid slops over his trembling fingers. He reaches up with his free hand and scrubs it through his hair, frustrated, angry. Steve wants to fix this, but he doesn’t know how. He doesn’t know how to get to where he wants to be from where they’ve landed.
He stops. Clears his throat. Glances up. Clint’s face is screwed up in absolute outrage, but he’s keeping quiet, which Steve supposes is all he can really ask of him. Natasha’s face is unsurprised, piercing. Her mouth is pressed into a red line across her pale face.
His body knows what to do, even as he’s completely disassociated from it. He spreads out to slow his trajectory, legs apart, wrists wide and ready to receive the armour. He hasn’t done this since the Battle of New York, but he’s refined the deployment process now. And Gemini has been complete for weeks; he did a test run ages ago. It only takes a few seconds before the suit is closing around him, warm and safe and perfect; the only place Tony ever feels safe in the world, these days.
Cap blocks the door, jaw set and stubborn, shield held in front of his heart like a bullseye. Tony tries not to read too much into it, and is instead bowled over by blinding fury, his vision swimming with it. He curls his lips into the cruellest sneer he knows how.
“Just wasn’t how I thought it’d be, that’s all,” he murmurs. He can feel himself getting tired, just from lying here. “Can’t complain though, really. I’m glad we talked.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Loki says, expression deadpan, and Tony raises an eyebrow at him.
“Why did this crazy, horror movie shit happen to Steve? Why not me? We fight…aliens, and gods, and… and even a dragon, hell, but this? A silent slasher jump scare kill? What does that? How could that happen? Why didn’t he
“For you, maybe,” Tony says. Then he pauses, letting a slow, filthy grin sweep over his face. The change in Steve’s expression is instantaneous. He looks poleaxed, and he freezes in the bathroom doorway, one hand braced against the frame as if to steady himself. “Morning, Captain. Feel free to take a long, long shower. I’ll just be here. In bed.” He spreads his legs, arching his back in a decadent stretch. He lets himself moan a little at the feel of it, then extends all the way down to his curling toes, his grasping fingertips stretching up to grasp at the headboard. When he opens half-lidded eyes, Steve’s mouth has fallen open, shallow breaths barely moving the defined planes of his shoulders, his chest. “Take all the time you need, because I’ll certainly make use of it.”
Tony knows that Barnes had been frozen and unfrozen over years. He can imagine it. Barnes had been a mercenary, pulled out to perform tasks as Hydra needed. It wasn’t a stretch to envision that the Red Room operatives had commissioned the world’s most revered assassin to train their own. He wonders idly how much Russia paid for him, amusing himself with his own joke:
“Tony, Ross is a pitbull. More importantly, he’s the Secretary of State. You shouldn’t be baiting him like that.”
“He can melt any kind of metal?” Natasha says, brow furrowed. “Only metal? How does that not melt the flesh off, too?”
“You do wear a lot of red,” he muses, and Tony barks a laugh. He walks around the side of the cube, pressing his palm to the scanner and holding still for the retinal scan. Steve follows behind, pressing his own palm to the scanner and hooking his chin over Tony’s shoulder for the scan. He presses a soft kiss to Tony’s ear as he pulls away, falling back into parade rest professionalism.
, and one of the best friends he’s ever made is going to leave him when they’ve just gotten to know each other. He’s fucking angry.
“I don’t know,” he says, smoothing a hand over his face. He takes a slow breath, letting it out from between his fingers. “Sorry. Yes. I’m ready to work.”
He likes it in Malibu. All his favourite clothes are here. U and Butterfingers, and JARVIS of course. Although JARVIS is always with him. It was the primary reason he’d been made. So Tony would never be alone. Not ever. No matter where he goes, his non-corporeal best friend he made out of grief and wishes and some alchemy he doesn’t even remember because he was so fucking blackout drunk and they were dead, they were fucking
Natasha nurses her drink, considering him carefully. “You could abort the mission,” she deadpans, and Tony chuckles.
He let Tony walk out to the balcony on his own. It was hard, maybe the hardest thing he’d ever done, but he let him do it. Tony had went from an underground silo to a basement prison to a heat room, and Steve hadn’t even realised until Tony told him. He’d been so caught up in his own relief that he hadn’t thought about how stir-crazy Tony must be feeling. His alpha hadn’t flown in weeks.
The whole sordid thing is going to come out before this indignity is over. Tony knows this, because he knows Steve. It is what he’s been dreading since he looked down and saw a squirming mass of slick red flesh where his legs and cock should be. Tony’s spent most of their relationship distantly dreading the day that Steve realises what he’s signed up for and changes his mind. Distantly, because Steve knows him, too; he knows the demons that live inside Tony’s head. After all their preceding years of friendship, he knows Tony so intimately that it feels like he will never scrape Steve out from the soft hollows of himself. Dating Steve—loving Steve,
“Love you, too,” Tony says, blowing her a kiss. Her indifference is loud and projected, and Tony grins at her retreating back. “We’re outpowered, I know. Did anybody call Coulson to check in?”
"Fine," Loki says, and drains it, swallowing the ice whole. "Thank you for the drink." He sets the tumbler down on the bar and turns away.
“The Kusshi was a little much for me, but you’ll probably love it,” Pepper says, pointing. Tony takes her at her word, closes his eyes, hums. “I thought so.”
“I’m not weak,” he says, and Steve laughs, eyes crinkling beautifully in the bright sunlight. His expression is openly fond as he tips his head back and stares at the clean, clear sky.
“You cannot face him,” Loki says, grave. His eyes dart meaningfully to Tony’s chest, to the reactor, and Tony covers it with a hand without thinking. He taps his fingers against the crystal casing. “You must destroy his machine, and perhaps even his mind. To let him escape unscathed is to let him fight another day.”
“Yeah,” Tony says, opening his arms. Steve steps into the circle of his embrace with a hiccoughing sound, pressing his face to Tony’s throat. “Rough day for everyone, huh.”
She steps back, pulling the door with her until she holds it open with a flat, challenging look. It makes Steve want to do something drastic: anything, to break the clean, modern lines of this office, the silent swing of the heavy black doors, the way Pepper’s heels make no sound on the perfectly plush white carpet that leads from the door to her desk like a runway. He spares a tight smile for Ms. Bliss as he passes her desk, stepping inside and standing in the middle of the room. Pepper closes the door behind him, and her shoulders brush his as she passes by him, seating herself at the desk.
“You have to remember, Cap, I grew up with almost all the info. Including the pre-serum photos. Howard never confirmed it, but I always suspected. I mean, just looking-” He paused, visibly reining himself in. “Uh, no offense meant, big guy.”
“Curtain number one,” the speakers chirped cheerfully, a door to his left sliding open, and Steve stared at the hallway full of drunkenly-stumbling Hydra agents and braced himself for a long, long night.
Steve’s not moving. His hand has frozen where it had been testing the slowly rising water, his ear still cocked to the side to show Tony’s he’s listening, but he’s not moving. Tony swallows, drags his gaze away from the strong lines of Steve’s shoulders. He glues his eyes to the cobalt tile patterning the bathroom floor.
“Yeah?” Tony’s smiling at him, a little forced, a lot bemused. He’s trying so hard. It makes Steve’s throat seize.
“We’ve been in here for three days,” Tony said, and Steve nodded. He’d expected at least that. “We’re running out of the real food, though, hence…”
“Hey Tony,” Steve said, hating himself a little even as he stepped into the penthouse kitchen. He didn’t even really have a good reason to be here, but he and Tony had been friends for a while now. They led the team together, shared meals and talked shop. He was given free reign of the tower, all the Avengers were, and Tony really didn’t have a strict understanding of personal space. He probably didn’t think anything of Steve always ducking into his personal floor.
As aforementioned, I am now returning to uni and as such, updates will be more sparse. I will try to keep it bi-weekly, but it'll depend on my workload obviously. As usual, thank you for reading and I hope you’re enjoying the fic! All criticism, comments, etc. are welcome.
“But of course, I must do more to earn your trust,” Loki says, and something in him shifts hard, dangerous. His shoulders widen a bit, legs spreading a little to brace himself into a more defensible position. In some ways, seeing this much shows how cracked wide-open he is.
“And what does that look like, for you?” Pepper asks. Steve stares at her, brows furrowing. He isn’t sure he understands the question, and after a moment, her smile turns pitying. “I am glad that you’re back safe, Steve.”
Tony closes the door to Pepper’s office behind him with a huff of laughter. Outside, a few SI employees walk by, offering him a smile and a nod. He composes himself with a small shake, then heads down to his meeting with Stark Legal. They’re supposed to discuss the licencing for a new line of Iron Man toys proposed by Mattel. He’s mostly going because Joyce is running the meeting. He likes Joyce.
The heavy thunk of a door stopped him, and he turned around in time to see Clint and Natasha file out from below him. Natasha wasn’t even wearing any shoes, crazy Russian that she was. She and Clint were huddled together, chittering to themselves like children watching a light show. Thor followed a few seconds later, and then Bruce, the only one of them sensibly dressed. Clint, as always, was not wearing a shirt with sleeves.
“It’s not your fault,” Tony tells him. “You did your best. But statistically, the universe had to be wrong at least once. Makes sense that it was me. Starks defy the laws of the universe. That’s what we do. ‘S who I am. This isn’t your fault, Steve, okay?”
“I guess that just makes me sound kind of naïve,” Steve says slowly, feeling it out for himself. “Is that how we’re viewed?”
“Oh, look at you. My sweet thing,” Tony purred, kissing him over his eyes, his cheekbones, the sensitive corner of his mouth. “I’ve got you. I have you, baby, come for me, come on.”
Steve sat in a hotel room in Kazbegi, and he rubbed a hand over his face, and he wondered what the hell he was doing here, anyway. The wine in Georgia was excellent, as Thor kept telling anyone who would listen. The mountains were beautiful. And they had, in fact, found a Hydra cell in the country, one which the locals were incredibly happy to get rid of. Steve had eaten enough meat and cheese and dough to make himself nauseated, which was a mean feat considering how much he and Thor typically ate. Still, he couldn’t help but feel as though he was grasping at straws, trying to make up for feeling useless. He fucking hated feeling useless.
“Sure I do,” Steve agreed, and Tony laughed, startled at the admission. “You’re one of my best friends.”
The smile that Thor offers him is broad and knowing, uncanny in its softness. Then he laughs, a low, rumbling noise that Tony still manages to feel in his bones. Even when subdued, Thor’s laughter could never be called quiet.
“I am untrustworthy,” Loki says, sounding bitter, and Tony processes that leap. He files it away to examine later.
“For what?” Tony asks. He’s soldering the boards for the light relays, and thus has a perfectly valid reason to avoid looking at Steve at all.
Steve pushes another piece of waffle in his mouth and tries not to laugh while he’s eating as all of the Avengers dog pile on Luke. He puts Tony out of his mind for the moment. Instead he watches the way the light pours in and turns the kitchen golden, burnishes the skin and hair of everyone in the room and limns them like an oil painting.
Tony turns, raising an eyebrow at him even as he takes another sip of his drink. The ice has melted significantly throughout their chat, but Tony doesn’t seem to mind it.
Tony struggles to bear letting Steve take care of him. Steve knows this, because he knows Tony, but also because it is plain to see. Tony wears his guilt like a mourning shroud, and it does not matter that it was not his fault. Steve could tell him so until he was blue in the face, for years, and it still would not make a dent. He knows this from experience. From his last death. He wonders if there is a death that Tony would not blame himself for, and finds that his mind comes up empty. Tony would always blame himself: for not being there, for being there and not moving fast enough, for not creating something to protect his loved ones, for not dying first.
The professor grins at him, a sharp spike of satisfaction passing over his kind face. He rests his tea cup on the edge of his desk. “I don’t like the word enhanced to refer to those with the X-gene,” he says, steepling his fingers together. “But, if you’ve done any research on me, you already know that. Enhanced is inaccurate.
Steve barks out a laugh, because that was a true statement if he’d ever heard one. Still. “I meant, do you think I want to know what you’re going to show me?”
“You’ll take exactly what I give you, won’t you?” Tony asked, and Steve could feel his eyes watering from the pleasure as he nodded. “You’re mine, and you’ll take what I give you and you’ll thank me, won’t you?”
“Sorry my apparent amnesia is poorly timed,” Tony deadpans, and Rhodey winces. “Guess Cap and I are cool now? Water under the bridge?”
On the page, Tony’s hand waved towards a projection, fingers curving around some point or another. Steve bit his lip, then put the blue back and reached for a strong marigold yellow. Then he set about adding a ring to Tony’s finger, because he could.
Tony wandered out not much later, barefoot and yawning. His hair was a wreck, a hickey visible just below his bondmark, and the low roll of arousal that washed over Steve was expected and familiar.
“Uh,” Steve says. He shuffles in place, heart pounding. He isn’t ready to see Tony right now. He’s too keyed up. He feels like he’s crawling out of his skin.
“Miss Potts was able to find a sex worker for the last day of your heat because you were so miserable.” The implications of Tony’s current condition are left unsaid. “She bribed the hotel staff.”
Steve raises his eyebrows, flipping the little tin disc over his fingers. “That’s ‘cause I usually don’t bother. Yes or no, Tony?”
“Well,” the priest says philosophically, when Steve has been silent for longer than a minute, “confession is one of those things that’s always better late than never.”
Steve opens his mouth, perpetual frown still fixed on his face, then closes it again. He uncrosses his arms, clenches his fists at his side.
“Call Loki?” Tony repeats. “I can’t just call Loki, what do you mean “call Loki?” Do you think he has a phone?”
“Before I had the serum, I had a complicated relationship to being an alpha,” Steve says, slowly. “I was glad, most of the time, but it was also something to be bullied over. That I didn’t fit the typical ideal of what an alpha was supposed to be. My presentation was something my ma and I were afraid of when I was a kid. A shadow hanging over us. If I was sick as I was and also an omega, if my ma had to try to find a place for me to spend my heats, or try to fix up our rickety apartment to keep out some stranger from the street… She couldn’t stay home with me. She had to work. It was a relief, to present as an alpha. One less thing to worry about. And then sometimes I thought, least I had that, even if I was sick. But I would’ve been alright, being a beta. I’d hoped I’d be a beta.”
“If I wanted his ring size,” Steve said, knowing JARVIS was smart enough to figure out what that meant immediately.
“So you’re first then?” Steve asks him, and Luke huffs and puts down his coffee mug with a decisive clink.
I’ve changed Ross into a more…Fox News-esque character than he is in canon, simply because I think that in our current political climate, this is what he would be. Ross is constrained by propriety in canon in a way that politicians no longer are in our world. I’ve tried to shift him into something more suited to our current electorate.
“Would you be alright?” Tony asked, and Steve smiled at him, helpless and so filled with love it felt like he would burst. He pressed a kiss to Tony’s brow, breathing in deep the smell of him, the sharp acrid scent of Manhattan in the cold, the scents of sweat and sex and home.
“I can take care of Strucker, if he becomes a problem,” Tony says easily, waving a hand. “God, what a name. He sounds like a sandwich. He’s just a human scientist, right?”
“Look, Sir, I can see you're really upset about this. I honestly think you ought to sit down calmly, take a stress pill, and think things over.”
He’d been willing to try, for Steve. When he’d considered it, in rare moments lying alone in bed, or during a lull in the workshop, he’d tried to imagine what it would be like to tie himself to someone. He and Steve already practically lived in each other’s pockets. The idea of restricting himself so utterly to another human was terrifying, but he’d thought he knew what kind of man Steve was. He couldn’t imagine Steve allowing anyone he was with to sleep with anyone else. Steve was the kind of man who believed in wedding bells and white fences, who dreamed about children and forever. It seemed stupid, to think that a man like that could want Tony Stark. No matter how they flirted, Tony could have never in a million years imagined that they’d end up in a place anywhere close to this one.
“Nah,” Tony says, waving a hand. “Salt water hot tubs are a thing. Supposed to have health benefits. Crunchy granola bullshit, mostly, unless you count the people who want it as an alternative to chlorine in which case, sure, yeah, fewer chemicals…” Tony tamps down on his babbling and clears his throat. “It’ll mix faster that way.”
The brunette is shaking his head, and already heading for the stairs to his personal office, where he does the books. “Rogers, follow me.”
Tony rocks back before he can stop himself, trying to chase Steve's fingers because he's empty and it feels so horribly, horribly wrong. He can feel slick dripping down the backs of his thighs, and if he had any semblance of self-awareness left, he knows he'd feel a telltale shame seeping in. It takes him several long moments to realise that Steve's even spoken, and he only realises because the silence in the room and the complete lack of movement are overwhelming.
He pulls Steve down for another kiss, wrapping his legs around Steve's waist to bring him impossibly closer. The next thrust is rougher than the last, hitting up against Tony's prostate, and Tony comes, untouched, with a broken moan half muffled against Steve's lips. Steve moans softly, into the kiss that’s more teeth and tongue than it is, anything else. Watching Tony come apart around him, the beautiful way his body tenses and releases rhythmically, as he shakes through it, is almost enough to drive him to the brink of insanity. His thrusts, which were already sporadic and frantic, lose just a touch more finesse, and he clutches Tony as close to him as he can. His knot is catching now, making every thrust a disjointed, uncoordinated thing, and he’s maybe a few thrusts away from not being able to pull out again.
Tony whines, shifts a little, torn between pushing up into Steve's hand and pushing down onto his cock. One of Steve's hands is still firmly holding him by the hip, anyway, so it's not like he can move enough to help himself by any large amounts - not that Steve's not doing enough by himself, either, because Tony knows that he's going to be feeling this every time he sits down for the next week. But the look Steve gives him, the little check-up to ensure he's doing okay, the pet name, and everything else that's happened between them tonight is most definitely becoming too much. Steve saying it, giving him permission is what tips him over the edge. He comes with a cry, fingers of one hand tangling into the sheets and the other digging into Steve's bicep. His vision doesn't just light up, but completely whites out, and he feels his head go fuzzy with static for a second or two before he's brought back to reality by the fact that Steve's still thrusting in him, and that he hasn't exactly slowed down any.
He’s gotten tired, and he can tell that his vision is fading around the edge of his periphery again. maybe this time, if he chases the darkness, he’ll be able to go to sleep, wake up with all of this over, and safe and warm in his bed. Despite the fact that he’s pretty sure the last place he slept was in the lab. He tries to track back what he can remember, but the nurses move him into a different bed, and the world tips and spins on its side, dangerously for a few moments. Yeah. Better to stay still. He needs a fucking drink.
going to make him look suspicious. Enough people see him pulling rank, unlocking doors that should stay locked, the dots are gonna start getting connected and his cover’s gonna get blown.   So he reaches into his pocket and pulls out his keys (car, because it's cold as sweet holy
Steve smiles softly at Tony, and brushes his fingers through his hair, gently. There’s something so captivating about him, and it’s dangerous. Steve’s pretty sure he’s fucked, only he could fall for a one night stand, this hard, this fast. For a few seconds, he allows himself to consider all the mundane things that he would like to do with Tony, if this relationship wasn’t doomed from the start. Nice dinners out, strolling through museums. Actually showing him the gallery, telling him what it means to him… his chest twinges painfully, and he shakes his head. Fuck. What comes out of his mouth, is a lot more devil may care, and a lot more vapid, and he kind of hates himself for it.
Tony can hear the ambulance pull up outside, hangs up on the dispatcher and moves over to place a gentle hand on Steve's shoulder. Part of him trusts Steve to not give into Bucky's requests, to be stronger than that, but Tony's thought that about himself before and caved when it came to helping Jessica. "Steve, honey, go bring the paramedics up, okay? You know more about what's happening to him that I do, and you'll be able to help explain it better. I'll stay here with him, make sure nothing happens. Leave him for ten seconds to go help the paramedics, okay?" Bucky makes a wounded sound where he's lying. "I don't need the hospital, Stevie," he repeats, though everything about his demeanor points to the opposite being true. "It's in the Hunt's territory, baby, you know what'll happen if they find out I'm there." "I have favours I can call in," Tony says immediately. He doesn't particularly want to out his relationship to Pepper, knows that it's a one-way trip to being suspected of being the mole, and maybe he won't even make it back to check that Bucky makes it through. But he knows that losing Bucky would kill Steve, and he can't have that. Can't stand the thought. "Friends in high places. They'll make sure you're protected, Bucky."
He yawns obnoxiously, and puts the tablet away, takes another couple of hits off of the bowl, and heads back into his room. Tony's curled up around a pillow and he looks like the sweetest thing. Steve feels himself smiling gently. He's light with his steps, coming around to 'his’ side of the bed, and touching Tony’s face gently. “Tone?”
with the Hunt… are you?” The Hunt is directly against basically everything they do. They’ve been trying to avoid them for years, avoiding the territories they operate in, operating in the shadows and silence to stay off their radar. So for a member of the Hunt to wander into a club in their territory, come across Steve of all people, and go home with him… then, return later? That’s not… that can’t be a coincidence. This has to be a hit.
Steve makes an annoyed little sound of agreement, and nods without breaking the kiss. He rolls his hips against Tony's and in the next instant, he's reaching to fumble with the snap and zipper of his jeans. Once they're open, he struggles with them for a second or two, before finally, mercifully, getting them off and kicking them somewhere ...else. His boxers aren't doing shit to hide his interest, and that's almost embarrassing, until Tony makes another of those quiet, barely there sounds. It's enough to spur Steve back into movement. he reaches forward with shaking hands, opening Tony's jeans, and ripping them down. Tony's underwear get caught up in the process and get tugged off as well, but Steve can't exactly bring himself to complain, when he gets a first real look at Tony. He's gorgeous, and Steve growls lowly in the back of his throat, before dropping to his elbows, and licking at Tony's cock, from base to tip.
this is when he’d usually play it off with a joke, blame the ninety seven (that might be an exaggeration, but it
He pulls his hand back slowly, positive that Tony’ll stay exactly where he put him. He kisses down Tony’s back, as slowly as he can force himself to be. Tony’s skin is sweat slick, and fever flushed, and it’s the prettiest thing he’s ever fucking seen. He peppers a few gentle nibbles down Tony’s spine, and it’s all he can do, to keep from ripping his ruined boxers off, and rutting against him, fast and painful, and completely unnuanced. But this omega deserves so much more than that. Steve tugs Tony’s boxers slowly, as much as it pains him to do so, and he smirks at the way Tony raises his hips, in expectation.
“Might be,” Tony agrees, voice verging on a purr that he prays is audible over the music. “Think we should go somewhere a little more private, though. You got a name?” There’s the slightest pause, and Tony leans ever so slightly closer, pressing a kiss to the guy’s jawline. “Kinda want to know whose name I’m gonna be moaning.”
Tony bites back a wounded noise at Steve's accusation, though it hurts regardless of whether he makes it known or not. There's no point in trying to convince Steve that he wasn't sent here to harm him, or find out information, and Tony's really only got himself to blame for assuming that he and Steve could still work, even after he found out about Bucky. He should've known that something which started off as a one night stand could only ever end that way, should have accepted that and moved on, ignored any feelings that arose. It was stupid. He was stupid. And now he's going to be shot because of it, and Clint'll be injured, too, as if dying alone wouldn't be bad enough.
The most Tony manages to stammer out is a strained, “Fuck,” when Steve actually starts pushing in. He’d half been expecting to be told that he’d have to wait, that it’s better to be properly prepped, that he needs to learn some patience; he’s slightly relieved to know that Steve’s about as patient as he is, even if he knows this thing’s only lasting for a night and then they’ll never see each other again. He guesses it’s a shame, but knows that Pepper wouldn’t want him dating someone this far out for safety reasons. He tries to focus on the pleasure rather than the pain that accompanies the stretch, rolls his hips a little to encourage Steve to push in farther, let him know that he’s alright and not being hurt. When Steve stops moving, Tony lets out a breath he wasn’t aware he’d been holding, and focuses on his breathing for the next couple of seconds, waiting until he’s used to the feeling of Steve inside him. It’s not exactly difficult to bend, push up and pull Steve down for another kiss, this one less coordinated than the others, but he’s gentler. When Tony breaks it off, he wriggles a little. There isn’t much pain with the movement, so he gives a slight nod, glances up to meet Steve’s eyes. “I’m good. You can—You can start moving.”
Steve nods, and rests his forehead against Bucky's, finally feeling like he can breathe, now that Bucky isn't asking for a divorce, or demanding Steve grovel for forgiveness, not that it’s any less than he’d deserve. “Yeah. He's seen some shit. He's got a few nasty scars too, at least one that looks like an old GSW.” He shrugs, and sighs gently. “I've never…” he pauses, searching for the right words, and failing to find them. “Buck, I've never felt a connection with anyone else like that, except you. It's…” he cuts himself off with a frustrated noise at not being able to express himself right. “How many times you ever seen me get emotional during sex? How many times you ever seen me cry during?”
Steves pacing back and forth, nervous already. His pre rut is only getting worse, and with it, his patience is filtering away. His eyes, which had been filtering back and forth between their usual blue and a firey alpha glow at some point had final swapped to gold, and stayed that way. Means he's closer to rut than not now, and things are only getting more dangerous from here. The jet he'd been loaned (officially. With no stealing involved, to his surprise, and little more red tape than a knowing nod from T'challa, that he's sworn to ask about later.) hovers low over the abandoned vineyard. It's odd, to be here, now, so close to Tony after so long apart. He swallows thickly, and engages the cloaking mechanism. Now or never.
He’s patient, even for as much as he wants to scream, as much as he wants to run out of the room, terrified that after it all seemed to be going so well, that something will go terribly wrong, and Tony will be taken from him all over again. he swallows thickly, and waits for Tony. eventually, Tony opens his mouth, and looks like he’s on the verge of saying something profound. What comes out of his mouth is not what Steve expected.
“Ok, so we’re both inside my melon. That’s… great.” He scoffs, and shrugs sarcastically. If he’s going to go insane, he might as well go for broke, right? “so let me guess, I have to choose, right? B-between staying here, in the real world, or passing over to the rainbow bridge or whatever?” Steve prime gives him a longsuffering look, and Tony scoffs again. “yeah, thanks, invasion of the Steve snatchers, thanks but no thanks.”
“nothing new. He’s working on it. Apparently the UN is pretty close to a deal, they’re offering amnesty to Barton, Lang, and Nat, but they’re… not budging on me and Bucky.” He knows the reason they’re not relenting. He knows that they’re wanting at least one of them to take the fall for the whole ‘Civil War’, but he and Bucky have talked it to death. They’re not selling each other out, not after all of this. Steve suspects that the answer might be different, if Bucky… if /anyone knew that Tony was pregnant, but that’s… not something he wants to think about right now. “Hey. It’s ok. There’s still time, alright?”  Tony makes an unconvinced face, but he lets it go for now, picking the hot chocolate back up , and taking a small sip of it.
“Hi.” Clint would probably make fun of him if he’d heard it, given that not twenty-four hours ago Tony had been yelling instructions and locations at him and Luke over comms, making increasingly frustrated noises when the systems showed that Clint cut the wrong wire and that an alarm had been tripped, which he then had to figure out how to defuse remotely because apparently Clint couldn’t listen to orders unless they were from Pepper – even then, it’s rare. Not really his fault he sounds a little on the shy side, though. He’s not paying attention; still searching the crowd past the guy’s shoulder to see if he can catch glimpse of Karen. He knows Clint would never divulge to her what they both really do – even if he’s convinced that she’s not got as clean a record as it appears – but it’s still a worry. Most hitmen Pepper hires wouldn’t crack under the most brutal torture; Clint, on the other hand, only needs to knock a few drinks back before it all comes spilling out.
“You’re no fun.” he whines, pathetically, though he does actually move to the other end of the couch, stretching and making little annoyed sounds, as his joints pop back into place. It shakes something loose in clint, a memory of a time not unlike this, with significantly less clothes between the pair of them, and significant more touching. It hurts, though, to think of them like that. Because no matter the amount of times that they skirt around the issue, the amount of times that they share fond looks, and touches that last just a little too long… no matter how it seems like attraction is still there, Clint had fucked that up. It was gone now, and that… that was just that. That had to be what he accepted. Because questioning it… that just led to madness. He’d know, from experience. He sighed softly, as he stood from the couch, and moved toward the door. He isn’t expecting Tony to be behind him. But when he turns, mismatched eyes, one blue, one brown, look at him, hiding depths of genuine, unselfish care. “Go see doctor Cho.” he reminds. Clint’s halfway through opening his mouth to argue, when Tony leans in, and kisses his cheek, seemingly dismissing him. “‘Night, Clint.” Clint stands outside of Tonys closed apartment door for forty five full seconds, before he manages to force out a handful of words.
Bucky, raises an eyebrow, from where he’s cocking his gun and staring down back, disinterested, like he’s checking for dirt.
Steve lets a pleased rumble slide through his chest, openly relaxing, with the way the tension bleeds out of Tony’s posture. The mere fact that he’s willing to to try for him, is enough to make something in steve’s chest feel warm and fuzzy and perfect. Tony’s willing to listen to him.
“Boss, it’s not good for the…” she cuts herself off, and sounds genuinely apologetic when she comes back. “I’m… sorry, boss. It’s still in my code. You never removed the alerts after the… incident.”
“Tell me. Tell me what’s wrong, and we can fix it. There has to be something, right, there has to be some way…” He’s really not sure how he’s expecting ed to respond, but with tears isn’t it. He swallows thickly, and tilts his head to the side, not unlike a confused puppy, though of course he can’t see so for himself. Ed swipes quickly at a tear that rolls down his cheek, and shakes his head.
Tony shakes his head, not at all a fan of the headache that’s steadily forming behind his eyes. “Why… why not.”
Tony stays standing where he is, a good few feet away from where Bucky's lying on the bed. That hurts, of course it does, but he's pretty sure that Bucky doesn't mean it, that he's just lashing out because he's in pain and is probably scared. Definitely scared. So Tony knows he could be a jackass and point out that he's calling in favours and pulling strings to save Bucky's life, or he could not do that and try to be a compassionate human being. In the end, he shifts his weight from one foot to the other, listens to the footsteps coming up the stairs. "I wouldn't have slept with him if I knew he was married, Barnes," he says, and he's pretty sure he means it. Open relationship or not. "I wouldn't have left the club with him. If you don't want me talking to him after this, I'll stay the fuck away from him, but you're going to the hospital regardless. I have people who can protect you. You're gonna be safe."
Steve's crumpled into the bed, and full on sobbing, when the phone goes off, a tinny, shrill ring, that cuts through him, leaving what feels like an open, exposed hole in his chest. He wonders briefly, if he might just be hallucinating, if it could just be wishful thinking so strong that it's causing him to break from reality. He whines softly, and reaches out for it, anyway, taking a moment to be comforted by the vibration he definitely feels, before flipping it open in one smooth move.
He rolls over onto his side, and fixes the plain white wall with a blank stare for long enough that his eyes start to water, from not blinking. One thing’s for damn sure he thinks, as he clutches the burner phone that much tighter in his hand. This, what he’s doing right now, isn’t getting anything done.
"H-hullo?" He knows his voice has to sound like shit, rough, and raw, and exposed, like a nerve, but hey that's kind of how all of him feels. He sniffs softly, and swipes a hand over his eyes, trying his damndest to come back to his senses properly. "Hello?"
There's a gentle prickling underneath Tony's skin, a fire that he's fanning by staying this close to Steve, by kissing him and napping with him, but he can't bring himself to care. Maybe this is all a fluke and they're only getting along because of their cycles, or maybe they actually stand half a chance at making it.
“She didn’t – She’s one of the ones to face you and live, and she – she managed to grab nearby security camera footage. You should really be more careful about that, by the way. It’s, uh, it’s destroyed, but, y’know, for future reference.”
“It’s Christmas, Stevie!” he pouted, pouring something amber perhaps a little too liberally into a gigantic bowl of homemade eggnog. Steve has to clear his throat to hide the way that the nickname makes his voice go weak, and he shakes his head in an effort to look business as usual.
Steve’s heart violently skips a beat, the way it would when he was young, and would forget himself, playing. He’s not entirely certain why something so simple-- a mere clerical error, surely-- makes him feel so… fluttery, but he doesn’t have time to parse that at the moment. He clears his throat, and stands, running his palms down his thighs, to try and wipe away any sweat, along with the nerves that had caused it. When he speaks, it’s with a clear, authoritative tone.
Steve’s eyes go hard and flinty in the span of a half second, and he takes a single step back reaching under the unsuspecting kitchen table, and pulling a .9mm, from seemingly nowhere. There’s a round already chambered, and Steve’s nimble fingers are quick to clip the safety off, so the muzzle lining up with Clint’s chest, it’s a definite threat. That gives Bucky the freedom, to put his sights back on Tony, so he moves back to staring down the open sights at him. Steve growls lowly, in the back of his throat.
“I’m pregnant. Or… was pregnant?” she turns back to look through the operating window, and a fat tear runs down her cheek. “I don’t… I… oh god, what happens to my baby?” Tony moves to open his mouth, but he really has no answers. there’s an alarm that rings sharp in the operating room below. The girl inhales sharply, and curls further in on herself, looking, quite rightly, like she’s in an immense amount of pain. Tony, at a loss for words, wraps her in a hug, and tries to brush the long black tresses of hair out of her face.
"Don't apologize," he says, and he means it. He didn't expect Steve to last long, not with him being as far into rut as he is. And it's not as though they don't have the next few days to themselves, anyway. Even longer than that if Steve wants to stick around while Tony hides away from any Accords responsibilities for a while. "I need your knot." There's a moment of hesitation then, Tony coming back to himself just long enough to feel anxious about what he knows he's about to say. "Want you to breed me, alpha."
“I want you here too,” Tony says, the words falling past one another in an effort to get out of his mouth before he can change his mind. It’s absolutely terrifying admitting to that, even after everything Steve’s put him through. He feels like an abused puppy that always ends up crawling back to the owner that just kicked it. And he knows that isn’t a fair comparison because Steve never has been abusive, but Siberia…It confuses things. A lot.
“curiouser, and curiouser, right Steve-Person? Pod-Steve? Do you have a prefere—’ he turns, with a smirk, to make sure his joke is being appreciated, and realizes he’s talking to no one at all. He hums to himself softly. “Things just got interesting.”
Steve laughs quietly, and moves around the car dropping to the driver's seat heavily. Tony's something else, all teasing and flirty, and his energy is contagious. Steve turns the key in the ignition, and it thrums to life with a quiet purr, vibrating with potential underneath them. The stereo immediately kicks to life, loudly blaring some ridiculously popular trap song, and Steve sneers at it angrily. Thank you, James. He reaches to flip it to something less awful, but it gets to the chorus, and it turns out this particular song isn't actually that bad. He and Bucky have definitely fucked to it, in the kitchen island, if memory serves, or maybe it was the bathroom… he shakes his head and wills the thoughts away, because thinking of fucking your significant other while you're in the car with your recently procured one-night stand seems...tacky. at best. He looks up in the rear view, and his blue eyes meet Tony's brown ones.
“I just keep expecting to wake up and see Peggy next to the bed, begging to be cuddled. Or to hear Peter climbing the walls, even after we told him to stay in bed.” Steve took a deep breath, “How much longer can we go on without them Tony? How much?”
“Hey squirt, yeah I’m here. Let’s get you out of here now, huh? Bruce is waiting in the Jet. You’ll be home real soon, kay?”
It had been a long road in between then and now. There were certainly ups and downs, having superheroes make up your entire family was a bit different than the average family. Pietro had insisted on going on missions with the Avengers when he turned seventeen and every time, his parents just about had a heart attack out of worry. Sure, the boy was faster than anyone they had ever seen, but that didn’t mean his parents didn’t worry about the worst case scenario every time he went out on a mission.
The agent snorted before responding, “You don’t happen to wonder why your children were taken to the same base as Barnes and these two? Three of HYDRA’s most successful human experiments? I knew Steve could be dumb sometimes, but c’mon Tony, don’t tell me you never thought about that.”
Rhodey was surprised that there wasn’t more resistance on the way. There were a few goons he had to take out, but not nearly as many as anticipated. They were probably being called to other sectors of the bunker. He reached the room where Peter was supposed to be and busted
The next two weeks might as well have been a second honeymoon for the couple. They spent their days split between the beach and bedroom, a situation they were both extremely content with.
Peter was taller than the average kindergartener, and Peggy was slightly small for a three year old. They fit together perfectly though.
Peggy was still whimpering into Tony’s chest, but she moved her head in what seemed like a nod. They were gonna take what they could get.
And Tony cut him off laughing at how fast their son was talking, “That’s great squirt, but let’s get you in the car first. And then we can talk over ice cream, huh?”
It was unsurprising really. With everyone’s pasts, it was assumed by SHIELD that they all had some sort of PTSD. Tony with Afghanistan and the Ten Rings. Steve and the ice and the war. Natasha and her past with the Soviet Union. Clint and his non-existent homelife before SHIELD. Thor with Loki and Odin. Bruce with the Hulk and Ross. Steve knew the basics needed to lead the team, but nothing more and nothing less. Everyone else just wanted to let things go and forget.
Peter and Peggy’s exclamations brought him out of the office. He started laughing when he took in the scene in front of him. His children had apparently tackled the speedster when he came in and now all three of them were on the ground in some semblance of a puppy pile. Steve’s laugh joined Tony’s when he walked out of the kitchen where he had been making dinner.
Despite all the whining that Tony usually did about not using the communal floor, they all congregated in the penthouse living room. It was still littered with all of the toys and drawings Peter and Peggy had left.
Tony practically whispered his next words, maybe hoping that Steve wouldn’t hear them, “Isn’t enough that I love you? That I need you?”
She latched onto Peter with all her might, as if he would disappear if she didn’t. Peter, for his part, didn’t quite know what to do. Papa or daddy usually dealt with nightmares. He didn’t know how to handle them. He awkwardly wrapped Peggy in a hug, just trying to stop the crying.
Tony was still glaring, “You mean the ones with the glitches that I fixed and then you wouldn’t give the damn files back? Yeah, I remember those, what’s your point?”
Toni almost moaned, his massage on her shoulders felt like heaven, “Maybe? This one feels different though. It might be time here soon.”
Those days hadn’t been easy, but they had led to this wonderful life they had now. Steve knew for a fact that he wouldn’t have traded those for the world.
Fury had opened the door on the only two livings examples of HYRDA’S human experimentation, the Maximoff twins. They were locked on separate sides of the same room. He was running circles and looked like a silver blur in the room. She was slowly raising different objects in her room and throwing them against the plexi-glass.
As soon as they walked in the room, Nat had locked her gaze on the two of them, making at least Toni feel like a small child again. Looking over at Steve, the feeling was mutual.
“Well all you had to do was walk in, put on the Cap voice, and she just turned into a puppet!” Tony sounded totally indignant at his husband’s grousing.
“Does he blame me for the kids getting taken? Is that why he won’t talk to me? I could take it if it was that, but I don’t even know why. I just know that we brought the kids home and then he barricaded himself in the shop.”
“Papa! Don’t leave! I’ll be good, I promise! Please don’t leave me, Papa! Please Papa! I’ll be good! Daddy, please! I’m a good girl! Please, daddy! Don’t leave me!”
“Tony, I don’t know what’s been going on with you, but I don’t understand why you’ve been so distant recently. When the kids came home, we agreed we’d take some time. Some time to just be a family again. No work, no SHIELD, no Avenging unless it was absolutely necessary.” Steve started walking back towards the bed, “Sweetheart, I married you. That means we’re there for each other in thick times and in thin. I just want to be there for you. Can you please just talk to me?”
“It appears Sir is in his workshop. Should I brief him on the current situation with Sergeant Barnes?”
When Toni woke up the next morning, her neck hurt, her mouth felt like the Sahara, and she was 50% sure she was dead. After stretching and groaning, she figured out she wasn’t dead, but fucking hell, she wished she was.
Steve didn’t think words were necessary, he leaned forward and kissed Tony. Which Tony was definitely not expecting. But, he wasn’t complaining either.
Tony was already running towards the elevator, “JARVIS, I need all the details you can give me. Get me to Steve STAT!”
“Stark, what would you have had us do?” Coulson says, voice weary. There are bags under his eyes, blue and sunken. Tony idly wonders when was the last time someone gave him a hug. “Pleasant Hill predates Project Insight. SHIELD is stretched thin as it is. We had no alternative facility to house them in.”
He knows what Loki’s doing; the slow and intense fucking imitates an intimacy that doesn’t exist yet, just as Tony’s claiming touch and desperation and desire to make Loki keen when he came was all about power and proving his prowess. Loki’s trying to make Tony trust him, and Tony’s trying to convince him that the sex is too good, to come back for more and develop something true.
Later, Tony will be inordinately glad that Steve stopped himself from demanding that Tony let him tonguefuck him after he’d been working for twenty hours straight in the garage without a shower or sleep. Much later. For now, he grips his fingers in Steve’s hair and gasps, dizzying oxygen skittering through his sparking neurons and setting off fireworks behind his eyes.
"Cheating," Steve says mildly, walking around the table. Tony pushes away from the workbench to stare up at him, and Steve rests one hip against the worktop and breathes in the scent of hot metal and oil and sweat. "Why didn't you tell anyone about Loki?"
“I can smell a little, even through the blockers,” Steve admitted, and Bruce’s eyebrows shot up. “You got real passionate, so your scent spiked. I didn’t mean to. I just can’t help it.”
He doesn’t expect a smoking gun, and he doesn’t get one. As far as he can tell, this is just a corporate lab. But it’s a development, and their first real evidence that Reed and Tony are on to something.
Steve relaxes a bit, settling back into the seat. “You spoke to Bruce about it, too,” he hedges, and is rewarded with an agreeing shrug from Tony. “Alright. Just…God, Tony, please use your head.”
Steve smiled, a pulse of warmth building in his chest. It felt kinda like Tony’s kids were taking care of him, when Tony couldn’t. “You’re amazing, JARVIS.”
“Because they helped me plan the fireworks display for Lunar New Year,” Tony says, remembering, “and I really, really like their hair. J, I’m beginning to suspect she’s entrapping me with fun.”
“Their prerogative,” Tony says, tired all of a sudden. He’s tired of all of this. “What’s the damage?”
Tony glances up, his breath stuttering in his throat to see Steve walking across the penthouse floor, expression soft and determined. His stride is resolute, and when he opens his arms, Tony offers him a small nod. Steve pulls Tony into his chest without a word, and Tony rests his forehead against Steve’s collarbone. He smells like wind and leather and good, clean sweat. Immediately, Tony wants to take that nap he’d promised himself.
“Hello, Steve,” Tony deadpanned, voice still broadcasting through the speakers via his earpiece. “Fancy meeting you here.”
“Pepper encouraged it, too,” Tony says, laughing crazily, and Steve raises his eyebrows. After his last talk with Pepper, he can almost believe it. “I don’t know, honestly. Maybe even his? I think he thinks
“I know…it’s.” He sucks in a slow breath. “I know I’m not…normal. Maybe it was…shitty, not to tell you-”
“Anything you like,” he says, and his eyes gleam so, so blue. “Didn’t I tell you already, Tony? I’m yours. I’ve always been yours.”
Steve raises his hands in surrender. "Okay, okay," he says. He sucks in a breath, the kind that pulls his shirt tight over his chest. "I, uh. I had a question."
“You’re ruining my holiday party,” Tony countered, and that- that was just. Steve grabbed Tony’s hand, pressing a fervent kiss to his knuckles to a chorus of whistling and laughter.
“Pain and metal,” Loki says softly, shifting to press an open-mouthed kiss approximately over Tony’s heart. “It is a fascinating device.”
Steve takes a deep, shuddering breath. Then another. Another. Until, finally, the shaking in his muscles subsides. His brow straightens out for what’s maybe the first time since he met Tony. Tony can feel Steve’s pulse against his wrists as it slows, strong as drum.
“Do you want to bring Steve in on this?” Pepper asks, voice neutral, and Tony chances a glance at her. Her face is unreadable, which mostly means Tony should be worried. Still, Tony takes the time to consider the offer.
“Yeah, and they got paid to nap for five hours while we fought Morgan Le Fay. Do you know what hazard pay for almost five thousand employees costs me?”
“Shh, you don’t get to talk. You tried to weaponise the Hulk – my friend, by the way – and ended up breaking Harlem.”
“I saw the footage. You know how good Tony is at self-recriminations.” He smiles: a tired, floundering thing. “I wasn’t able to hear Loki’s side, of course, but…Tony was just being his usual impulsive self. I don’t know what I would have done. He made a judgement call on the field based on limited intel, and without Loki’s inside information you wouldn’t have found me. I saw all the machines they had me hooked up to, the blood samples. Who knows what they wanted with all that stuff?”
Tony watches Steve make his way back to the couch, the broad line of his back limned in the dim light reflected from the television. He goes about the motions of making his coffee, but he can’t seem to stop looking at Steve: a silhouette in the darkness, back stiff and straight and proud, even when he thinks no one is watching.
with Tony, I was able to use his phone and the tools in his wallet to link up to the old emergency alert system and send out a GPS location. And then we figured you’d be coming, and Tony said you couldn’t come bursting in here to save the day like some idiot and ruin everything. His words, not mine. He figured you’d attack when the guard rotation was weakest. So we timed it and hacked the air filtration systems and choked out almost every section of the building except for the holding cells. Underground bases are dumb. And then we took down the two guards that were in here with us, easy.”
“Tony,” Steve whimpers. He’s coming apart. He’s desperate, but he can’t even manage to say what he wants. All he can do is writhe as Tony works him over, again and again, hard as he wants. He can’t break Steve. Tony can take whatever he wants. “Tony,
Natasha shrugs, leaning back in her seat. “Well. Catch up on some reading tonight, and you’ll find your answer, won’t you?”
Tony shakes his head. He feels like his body is just one bright, raw nerve. He’s so breakable under Steve’s hands. But his body betrays him—tentacles, with minds of their own in the truest sense of the word, have slowly begun to wrap around Steve. They touch the scale and then retreat, feeling gently along the uncomfortable edges of metal until one finds the dip of skin between neck and cowl. The very tip rests there, soft and trusting, against the place where Steve’s carotid beats steady and warm.
Bruce nods, absently, already delving into the problem himself. Tony shakes his head, knowing that Bruce’s attention has been lost already. He’s even worse than Tony when it comes to the scientist haze.
“That’ll be all, Miss Potts,” he says. He takes a step back, waving a jaunty salute at her. “I’m gonna go. I have a meeting with the best and brightest STEM minds from the specialised high schools of New York in twenty minutes.”
“Peter was right,” Tony says, finally. He sucks in a slow breath, turns on his back and flops like a starfish. He stares sightlessly at the ceiling. “I haven’t been subtle. I’m not a subtle man.”
“There was a shootout,” Rogers said, still fussing over his bandage, and Tony sighed. Of course there was. “I got two of ‘em, but one of them clipped my arm on the way down, knocked me off Liberty. When I woke up I had no horse, no water, and I was freezing. I’d lost my coat in the fight. I could barely move.”
“Love each other?” Tony prompts, quiet, and Steve lets out a rough breath and leans in, pressing Tony back against the workbench and kissing him, thoroughly.
“You winced,” Steve persists, stubborn as he’s ever been, and Tony can’t help but look up at him with a helplessly fond smile. Steve’s much taller than him like this. It’s strange, to have him look down so far. The workshop lights refract through the soft spikes of his hair as an aureole of light. He is, as always, stupidly handsome.
“None taken,” Collins says, amused. “And the U.N. is meeting this week to discuss just that. But you’re operating on U.S. soil, Stark. You are American citizens, and you must answer to the American government for your infractions. Unless you’d like to answer to Ukraine’s legal system?”
“This is Tony’s secret, not yours, and so you don’t want to betray his confidence,” she said finally, shoulders releasing a bit of tension. “I understand that. What do you need me to do?”
It was a few days ‘til Christmas proper. Tony’s gift was almost finished, but Steve didn’t think that either of them could really top the gift they’d already given each other. Still, there was one last person he’d callously forgotten all about until recently, and he had no idea what to get them.
Needless to say, it’s with serious misgivings that Tony finds himself inviting Steve out to dinner the day after the parade.
“I haven’t seen you in months,” Reed says. Even here, when he’s come to Tony with a specific purpose, he comes across as distracted. “You haven’t come by at all. I noticed.” He sounds a little bewildered, even as he’s saying it. “Sue didn’t tell me to come. I came on my own.”
Something strange happens, then. Loki’s face shifts, or twists, maybe. His jaw lengthens, teeth growing in his mouth, until they are sharp enough to slice through Thor’s fingers like a hot knife through butter. His skin ripples, hair gleaming strangely, and Thor lets out a shout of pain and staggers back from him, pulling his hand in to his chest.
“I’ve loved you all this time. Don’t you think I know who you are? You’re the man that I can count on to challenge me, to always make sure that I’m making the right decision. Together we make the Avengers strong, Tony.” Steve swallows, his eyes suspiciously bright, wet under the warm lamplight of the bedroom. “If you were just an obedient soldier, well…you wouldn’t be the man I love.”
The professor watches him for a moment, brow slightly furrowed, a small smile playing about his lips. He tilts his head to the side. “Why are you here?”
“Ouch,” Steve laughs. “Yeah, thankfully. I’m not sure if I’m ready for that yet.” He huffs, rubbing a hand over his mouth. “I had an interesting conversation with a friend.” Several, actually, but he didn’t necessarily feel comfortable talking about his sex life with the professor. It seemed…improper.
It doesn’t take much for Tony after that, his head dipping down to rest against Steve’s collarbone. He pants against the skin, his hips stuttering as his body locks up, and then he’s coming so hard he loses track of time. Steve is still gasping beneath him, legs tight around Tony’s waist, and Tony collapses on top of him with a huff, burying his face in Steve’s neck.
“You’re right,” Steve says again, and Hulk huffs at him. “Do you think you could let Banner come back anytime soon?”
. There is nothing I can’t get that I want. I am always the smartest man in the room. I am always the most powerful. I could kill someone tomorrow and never go to prison. I
“He disappears and reappears everywhere, and he’s crazy as a bag of cats,” Tony argues cheerfully. “Definitely the Cheshire Cat.”
“Tony, please, please fuck me, I want you to come inside me, I want you to fill me up, please, I want to feel you-” Steve’s voice breaks off abruptly as Tony pushes in, and the slide is easy. Each ridge makes Steve hitch his hips the slightest bit, and he’s chanting “yes, yes, yeah,” under his breath, low and lovely and grateful.
“Tell me,” Steve begged, quiet and aching, and Tony just melted for him. He always did. He was easy for Steve, that way.
Tony was the only exception to the rule. He tended to overwork himself even more than usual post-mission, making sure all of his tech was fixed up, running battle footage back and doing a play-by-play analysis, always looking six steps ahead. Usually it was Steve’s job to grab him and pull him out of his head, drag him upstairs into the tumble of warm bodies and food that gathered in the common space after a hard day. If that didn’t work, he would bring Tony some food and work over the footage with him. It was hard work, always, but they were good memories. Tony always welcomed his company with open arms.
“I am,” Steve said, and it wasn’t until he said it that he realised it was true. “I’m feeling a lot better, actually.
you. You moved in with two ultra-liberal, anti-dynamic, intersex scientists, and we radicalised you! Howard would skin me alive if he could hear this, I can’t believe-”
“But it could have,” Steve says, misery seeping into his sweet face like a poison. “You looked… I saw what I wanted to see. I saw you willing, and shocked because this was really happening. But I know you, Tony. You were surprised, and frustrated, and afraid. I didn’t see that, at the time, but now I do. So fine, you enjoyed it, but I could have hurt you. I could have… I can’t bear the thought.”
Loki smiles faintly. “As long as we are allied, I would not subject you to such tortures, Stark. You have my word.” His expression darkens, changing into a guise of remembered horror that Tony knows very well. Tony coughs a little, thinking about what he’d said to Steve about understanding. He tilts his head to the side, presenting the bruise as a peace offering. A quiet satisfaction washes over him at the surprise in Loki’s face, and he holds still as the mage moves closer to study it.
Tony was a doting alpha, but he was also a predictable workaholic. Once it had become clear that Steve was mostly stable again, he’d slipped into damage-control mode. Steve didn’t know how he felt about Tony fretting over him when he was the one who’d been kidnapped and tortured, but he also knew that it would soothe Tony as an alpha to be able to take care of his omega. He found himself lying in Tony’s lap on the couch while he poked at a tablet for five hours, answering emails and putting out fires that the SI engineers and coders hadn’t been able to handle on their own. Sometime in the middle he got up and made them a meal, if only to make sure that Tony ate something. He never ate enough, and he’d lost so much weight while he was taken. Just looking at the bruises on him made Steve want to march down to the SHIELD holding cells and start taking heads off with his shield.
Steve shakes his head, grinning. “Tell me about your neuroscientist friend. Did you work in the octopus lab? Did they have names?”
Something settles into place in Tony’s chest. A small smile slowly makes its way over his face, breaking warm and welcome as daylight. “I’m always so surprised by how kinky you are,” Tony murmurs, and Steve shivers sweetly in his arms. “Darling-”
Eventually, Tony’s back gave out, and he collapsed back to the bed like his strings had been cut. He looked absolutely floored when Steve glanced up at him, reaching down with shaky hands to brush Steve’s hair back from his forehead.
Loki laughs, pressing two fingers into Tony’s mouth and sliding them against his tongue. “I am getting exactly what I want,” he says, fucking Tony’s mouth with his fingers. Tony sucks, working his tongue against them, tasting salt and that ever-present coolness that seems to lurk under Loki’s skin. He thinks about what Thor has said of Loki’s heritage and the Jotun, and wonders what it would be like to be fucked by cold ice. He’s done stranger things than temperature play. He’s sure he could handle it.
Tony spins in a full circle, brows furrowed tight. He touches the back of his neck, then pulls his hand away and examines it, like he’d been expecting to find blood.
Tony settles into one of the two remaining chairs out on the deck with two fingers of Glenmorangie and watches him work. It’s a strange reversal of their usual roles. Steve’s aware of him, Tony’s sure. He always seems to be hyperaware of Tony, no matter where he is or what he’s doing. But he seems content enough to keep painting, and so Tony leans back and slips his eyes closed. He lets the warm summer breeze wash over him and listens to the sounds of New York, alive and still ticking along.
“People died today, because god forbid Cap let me risk my life in the field for helpless civilians,” Tony snarls. His hands are shaking, and he doesn’t know who or what he’s angrier at: the team for not noticing anything was wrong, Steve for forbidding him from going into an unstable parking complex to save the handful of life forms still trapped inside, or himself for daring to think even for a minute that this wasn’t so bad.
“I am an alpha. This is what feels right, to me. The idea of being an omega, of not being your alpha-”
Stephen floats up to the top of one towering bookshelf, replacing the tomes he’d taken out to research Tony’s condition one by one. It’s getting late now, the sun spilling rich golds through the huge glass windows. Stephen’s cloak gleams blood red in the light.
“Okay,” Tony says. He lets Steve guide him upstairs, almost as if in a trance, or a dream. He keeps sneaking peeks at Steve’s face, almost as if he can’t believe he’s real. Steve knows the feeling. He can’t bear to stop touching Tony’s skin, even if it draws attention when they pass Sam and Clint in the hall. Sam just touches Tony briefly on the arm, smiles at him, lets them go by without a word. He hurries Clint away in the other direction, and so Steve is able to ferry Tony up onto the penthouse balcony without much interruption. He sits Tony down, then pops into the kitchen to ask Jarvis to make some hot tea. He brings out a thick warm blanket, and then he takes it all out and wraps both of them up in it. He presses the warm ceramic into Tony’s trembling hands.
Luck was on their side that night. They were able to get Peter and Peggy clean and redressed before Peter threw up again. His cries broke Steve’s heart.
“Okay wow, longer than I thought, but anyhow. I’ve just been falling asleep in the shop, because if I sleep in bed I wake up with nightmares. Those got real old real fast, so I just decided the couch in the shop was comfy enough.” Tony ended his speech with a sigh, slumping back against Steve.
Tony just buried his head in his hands, “I don’t know Tasha! I’d like to think he wouldn’t, but in reality, why would he want me over Barnes? Give me one good reason why he’d want to be with me and not Barnes!”
Sam walked back in, “Everyone’s ready to go. Peter’s asking for you guys though, wrap it up quick huh?”
Peggy tried to speak, but nothing came out. She closed her mouth and tried again, but still, nothing.
Cuddling closer, Tony was silent for bit before speaking, “I just, I thought, I saw your face when you saw him in that bunker. And I just thought that you wouldn’t want me anymore. And I thought that if I distanced myself, it would hurt less when you asked for the divorce.”
Tony’s smile was slightly subdued for a moment, “Daddy had a lot of work to get done. But he’s back for good now. I’m not going anywhere for a while, okay squirts?”
Tony walked in with a very unimpressed look on his face, “Scoot soldier, I need in there too. You at least have a supersoldier serum running in you, I, on the other hand, am a normal human being who hasn’t slept in the last three days. So budge over.”
She sent up a silent prayer for her husband, and also, her fortune. It meant that they could just take off and they would have everything they needed no matter which property they went to. Malibu happened to be their favorite, but there were certainly others that they had spent a fair amount of time at.
Tony’s heart broke just a little at the look of terror and panic that washed over the boy’s face and just a little more at his response.
Steve laughed before kissing Tony again, “Of course.” He got up and offered Tony his hand, “After you, your majesty.”
Fury just hung up, muttering under his breath the whole time, “Who the fuck do these motherfuckers think they are? I’m gonna kill Stark.”
It wasn’t unusual for JARVIS to alert him to something, he just hadn’t been expecting it. Usually, it was Tony needing help in the shop. Fury always just called.
The inventress got nods from around the room, “Well, I don’t know if this is because of all of those or what, but I took a pregnancy test a few weeks ago.”
Eventually, both kids emptied their stomachs, which let them get some rest while Tony and Steve cleaned the bedrooms. Having two kids was messy enough, but having two sick kids? It made the whole floor look like a pigsty.
So this is the last chapter before the epilogue. At this point, I don't foresee continuing this series anymore. There might be a few one-shots but I don't see writing another long fic like this one. If you have any ideas for another longer fic with this series, leave me a comment. Thanks for reading!
When Steve held his arms out, Toni gladly accepted the hug, feeling truly at home for the first time in a long time. They stood there for what felt like hours, saying things like “I’m so sorry” and “Can you ever forgive me?” and “I love you so much”. Each was reveling at the feeling of being together again; they hadn’t really done this since before the miscarriage. It had been over a year and a half since they had been so in love, so together, so joined.
Steve came home a week later, mostly fine. He was still on crutches but he wouldn’t be for very much longer. The bruises were already gone and by the time they were, Toni would be too.
Tony swallowed. It had been the hardest thing he’d ever had to do, distancing himself from Steve. He had mostly avoided his husband for the past month, still splitting the days with the kids. Steve was slowly getting back to work, whereas Tony had thrown himself into work as soon as Peter was home safely. After the first few weeks, Steve had stopped making an effort to make Tony talk. Tony knew this was a good thing. Steve had finally gone and talked to Barnes about a week after his first attempt to talk to Tony. The two were working on getting Barnes back to being Bucky.
Steve came in, Peggy finally sleeping in her own bed. Peter saw him and immediately started sobbing harder.
Peter thought about it for a minute, “Well, you did say there wasn’t a monster under my bed when Uncle Clint was using it as a hiding space.”
This one's slightly shorter. Also the updates might not come as often as this one did. I have a vague end goal in mind for this story, but nothing concrete right now. So if there isn't an update for a while, it's gonna be me figuring out where to go from here.
Surprisingly, Clint was the first to congratulate the couple, “You guys are having a baby! This is great! Congratulations guys!” He came over and hugged both of them, “I can teach it to shoot, this is gonna be awesome!”
A few weeks later, Steve brought up sending Peggy to preschool. After all, Peter had gone, why shouldn’t Peggy? Tony wasn’t so enthusiastic.
Tony didn’t know what to think in that moment. He had been so prepared for this, but nothing could have ever prepared him for the moment it actually happened. If his entire being wasn’t focused on finding his children, he was fairly positive he’d be in the middle of a panic attack. As it was, he just pushed the thrusters to go even faster.
There were clearly underlying issues that the kidnapping had brought out, but until Peggy calmed down, they wouldn’t be able to find out anything. They had been prepared to let the problems be until Peggy wanted to talk about them, which they knew might be never, but they were okay with that. Whatever made Peggy most comfortable was the best thing for everyone in their eyes. Now though? It was clear that there were things to be talked about.
Steve was staring at him with those goddamn baby blues and perfect pretty face and damn it! He wasn’t supposed to be thinking about Steve like this! Especially not right after a panic attack.
By this point they were in the bedroom. Steve dropped Tony onto the bed before going to pace by the foot.
Tony was just coming up in the elevator when they reached the living room. He looked exhausted. Steve knew he had slept a little when they were a family puppy pile on the couch, but he didn’t how much sleep he had gotten while the kids were taken. His husband didn’t get nearly the amount of sleep he should on a good day, let alone during a stressful situation like this.
“What do you mean, you can’t put the call through JARVIS? I know they’re all there, I saw the jet land
Tony continued, “And then Afghanistan and, consequently, Obie. And then after that, there’s the whole, I died going through a wormhole into space and was scared back
Rolling his eyes, he explained, “The likelihood that Stark shared anything with SHIELD is pretty slim, meaning that SHIELD probably doesn’t know who we are or where we came from. Yet. If we get there fast enough we can stay ahead of the curve.”
Tony pretended to be asleep while the love of his life walked out the door. He pretended the sobs he was holding in weren’t there. He pretended that this wasn’t killing him more slowly and painfully than the palladium.
This chapter will lead more into Peggy's past. It might be moving kind of fast, but I didn't feel that I could write enough filler info to not have this change be abrupt. Enjoy!
Peggy was giggling like mad, Tony was blowing raspberries on her tummy, the surest way to make her laugh.
“I’m gonna head to the gym for a bit, can you watch the kids until I’m done?” Steve wouldn’t meet Tony’s eyes.
Steve nods and slumps against Tony. “I… I know I was wrong. I know I shouldn't have, I swear to God I never meant to hurt you, /either/ of you.” He sniffles pathetically and bumps his forehead against Tony's. “And I am clean. They gave me an antibody test and I demanded a viral load test. I'm... I promise I'm good.” And isn't this an embarrassing conversation to have? Isn't this something he never wanted to tell Tony? Never wanted him to look down on him. How the might have fallen.
Steve sighs softly. He wants to argue, really he does, but he's so fucking exhausted, he feels like he hasn't slept in something like thirty years, and the idea of actually being able to close his eyes without being convinced the world's ending, or without the artificial aid of chemicals… yeah, it sounds nice. He rises off of the couch on unsteady feet, and sighs like a man weary from the world, which isn't at all far from the truth. He weighs his next words carefully, tasting them in his mouth before he allows them to leave his mouth. “Will you… will you stay with me?”
“Hey, Tones, hey, hey.” He soothes gently, letting himself rock the both of them just slightly. “it’s… it’s ok to miss him, alright? Just… I don’t want you getting hurt again, alright? That’s all.” Tony sniffles a few more times, and rubs the tears out of his eyes. Tears that he didn’t give permission to be there. Maybe he’s closer to heat, than he cares to admit.
alright guys, hopefully you liked it! i know the ending is kind of abrupt, I promise that's a stylistic choice. I wanted to leave it up to y'all, to decide what happens next.
The nursery is right below the one that he’s on, which shouldn’t be weird, really, except that every patient stares at him. Not just ‘cute newborn, too tired to hold head still’ stare, actual stare. With prolonged eye contact, and little baby fists and mouths wiggling, all eager to see the man before him. He had no earthly idea how children worked. But he didn’t like it. He seemed to be totally invisible to almost everyone around him, but these little heathens seemed to know where he was every minute of the time he spent on their floor. It was unsettling, at best.
What he needs, is to find a medic. See if he can’t convince someone to head in this direction, a nurse, a doctor, even a fucking mailroom clerk would work at this point. Anyone who could run for someone qualified to help. The movies have it all wrong, he’s meant to be able to /help/ people, in the balance like this, right? He’s meant to do something and yet here he is, with a girl whos name he doesn’t even know, dying in his arms. Not ideal.
Steve's been in a destructive downward spiral, ever since whatever he had with Tony went bust, and he's not willing to admit he’s anything but ok, but Bucky's seen the patterns enough in himself to know that he's fucking not. Steve never touches the product beyond herb, and three times in the last month, Bucky's seen him freebasing. He tells himself he isn't going to have to fight the addiction battle with Steve. Not with Steve. But the way he comes up nervous as hell, and shaking, he's expecting the worse.
Steve closes his eyes, lets himself melt into the kiss. The sheer warmth of Tony, the fact that it’s actually
Steve makes a wounded sound, something not unlike a sob and hangs his head. “There was… there was one. I… I was so fucking blitzed, I dropped X at the club, and I thought... I thought it would be ok.” Steve's eyes are closed, and his eyelids flutter softly. “I took too much, I… it was only once and I… I've been...tested.” he sighs and shakes his head, still unable to look at either of them. “I'm clean. And...the needles, the needles we're always clean, I never shared.” Bucky narrows his grey eyes and fixes them to a point on Steve's forehead. “That ain't all of it.” He knows his Stevie, he /knows/ when he lies, or when there's something eating at him and the lack of eye contact is telling. “Steve?” “I... I got tested at the hospital. When... I... I overdosed, Bucky, I'm /so/ sorry.”
Stepping out of the cab, Tony tugs his jacket tighter around himself, fights the urge to take his scarf off before he gets inside because the last thing he wants is to catch a cold and be bedbound for a few days. Wouldn't be able to meet up with Steve if that happened, now, would he? He's tipped the driver more than enough to compensate having to drive through the snow that's only gotten worse since it started falling three weeks ago, and the cab pulls off the curb as he approaches the door of the gallery, easily noticing Steve inside. Better than him waiting out in the cold, definitely. He shifts his scarf from where it's covering his mouth and nose, presses up on his toes and pulls Steve close to kiss him.
Steve sighs again, and rolls his eyes in defeat. “Fine then, give me a coo—” the engineer moves in the span of a heartbeat, entirely too fast for what could be humanly feasible, and before Steve’s even aware of what’s happening, there’s a sugar cookie being shoved into his mouth, and one Tony Armstrong smiling at him impishly.
"Go ahead," he mumbles, letting his eyes fall closed once again. "Like the glasses - they look good on you."
A thousand questions run through Steve’s mind, and they all clamber over each other, in a rush to get to the front and get said first. The thing that wins out in the end is possibly the most direct. “you’re still here?” Ed shrugs.
He’s expecting Tony to sit at his heavy ornate desk, or take up a seat on the overstuffed armchair facing the window, or, hell, remain standing and face him directly, what he isn’t expecting, is for the smaller man to move to the breaker box, next to a bookcase, and flip a switch. He’s in the middle of wondering what the hell he could possibly be doing, when he takes a step forward, and swings the case wide, like the false door it is. Steve must make some sound of surprise, because in the next instant, Tony is smirking at him, hand on the door, holding it open behind him.
“nope. ‘fraid I can’t let you ask that, Starfox.” Steve must look confused, because there’s a sparkle in Ed’s eyes, that looks a helluva lot like mischief. “if I tell you, you’ll tell him. And if you don’t think Tony’ll search to the ends of the earth, to prove time travel exists, you’ve clearly never met the man. Your world isn’t ready for that. Not yet. And if I create too many paradoxes, I’m stuck here, which throws my world into chaos, and so on. Kinda like a puddle, one drop causes a ripple, goes all the way out to the edge of the pond. Or in this case, the galaxy.” He pauses in his speech, and looks over to the bed, watching the steady ‘puff puff’ of Tony’s breaths against the plastic mask. His next words are quiet, only meant as an off comment, of no real consequence, but they nearly knock Steve out of his seat. “it’s why I haven’t told you what’s wrong with him, yet.”
Steve raises an eyebrow, but nods, confused as to what this stranger could possibly mean. “yeah. I’ve heard of them, it’s some real science fiction stuff.” He answers offhandedly, folding his arms back over himself in a defensive movement. “what about them?” Second Tony nods, and speaks, looking at a spot in the middle of the actual Tony’s blanket, rather than to Steve himself.
"There are plenty of nightclubs closer to your place," is what Clint voices first, and Tony can read between the lines. 'Closer to your place' is most definitely Clint's little way of saying 'inside our safe zone'. Tony shrugs, downs his drink in one when the bartender hands it to him, and leans over so he's speaking into Clint's ear. Easier than yelling over the music.
Tony’s pretty sure that, after tonight, he’s going to adopt an unfront and honest policy with all of his friends. Just…tell them the majority of things they need to know about what he’s doing and why, because this is one hell of an emotional rollercoaster and he’s not entirely sure when it’s going to end. Lying in bed with Steve is nice, yeah, and he doesn’t particularly mind the lack of sex because it means they’re…something. They’re something more than just a one night stand, and it looks like they might actually talk about what that means in the morning, or whenever Bucky returns, but he doesn’t want to hold his breath. Also doesn’t want to risk getting himself excited about the possibility of a relationship only for whatever Steve has to say next to ruin it. So, Tony swallows against the lump in his throat, scoots a little closer to Steve because the distance between them feels gargantuan. “What’s up, Stevie?” he asks, and he tries to keep his expression level and open, give Steve a way to know that he’s not going to be judged. Tonight has been a lot, Tony’s not going to lie, but he’s still unwilling to give up on something that could be great just because Steve’s fallen down.
It’s easy enough to get sucked into circuitry, and electronics when he gets properly settled. He’s got music on, something frantic enough to keep him out of his thoughts, and loud enough that he feels it in his chest. Probably not great for his hearing, but fuck his hearing at this point. Maybe if he manages to go deaf, he’ll finally stop hallucinating the metallic clang of vibranium smashing against Nitinol. (which wasn’t a bad idea for the last suit, it proved to be light enough to make flight les of an issue, and it should be easy enough to reshape, even after the heavy damage it took. If he can ever stop ignoring it, where it sits in the corner of his lab, a tarp draped over it.)
“He’s… he /was/ an alcoholic.” he says softly, in a wrecked, quiet whisper. Famike nods, like she’d already been expecting that, and steve only just manages to keep from making a pathetic sound.
The more and more Steve thought about it, the more the moniker of Star seemed like it fit Tony. they were always volatile in the beginning, reactive, like Cesium and water, burning into a compound so much bigger that itself, rapidly enough to shatter everything around it. Some of their fights were nuclear in their intensity, but no matter what they did to each other, Tony stayed every bit his bright, beautiful self, burning just as brightly as he ever did. Steve knew he loved him even as they stood on the helicarrier in 2012, spitting venom and vitriol at each other.
Fury shakes his head at that, stands from the chair, and straightens the trench coat he’s wearing. He mutters something about ‘being in touch’, and Steve doesn’t see him again. it’s a pretty blonde girl, some agent 13, that brings him the reassignment. Her S.H.I.E.L.D. issue identification badge says her last name is Carter, and that causes his chest to twinge painfully in memory.
He's only looking for about 15 seconds when he spots him; a lithe wiry thing that moved like poetry and grace itself. Steve's breath caught in his chest and his fingers twitched with the need to possess. He stared, captivated, and decided then and there to rise to his feet and go find him. With any luck, he’d be just as interesting to talk to as he was to watch, right, and it’s not like Steve’s exactly having fun ‘networking’. Once he got to the dance floor, almost of his confidence fled as he searched for the man he
“It’s… complicated.” Bucky scoffs, and relaxes back against the wall, storm grey eyes focusing back out at the horizon again.
Tony misses the tonal shift, focused as he is on the information in front of him. He’s combing through police logs, looking for any of theirs gone missing, so he can start the process of extracting them sooner than later. “I’m hungry. And lonely. And bored. Come hang out with me, while I see if I can sort through this bullshit Scott left on my plate. Yeah?”
Shuri explained that she’d done what she could, but removing the nightmares, would mean removing the memories that caused them, and Bucky had been violently opposed to erasing the Winter Soldier. It’s noble, Steve thinks, that he wants to remember. There’s a ghost of Bucky Barnes in his head, whispering a soft, broken ‘I remember all of them’, and a shiver runs down his spine. He frowns deeper, and shoves his hands as far into his pockets as he can. There’s a voice that floats to him from the hut, something that’s so mixed it really defies definition. It’s a strange combination of mid ‘40’s Brooklyn, and Russia, definitely alpha, but with a rounded edge to it, someone who’s spent a lifetime trying to sound as close to a beta as he can.
Tears well up in his golden eyes, and when he blinks, they spill over, though he makes no attempt to wipe them away. “I’m so sorry you had to go through that alone.” "I wasn't alone," Tony says softly, because it feels important that Steve knows that. "I had Rhodey and Peps, and Peter, though sometimes the kid does more harm than he does good." Never intentionally, but Peter doesn't tend to navigate well in tense situations, and the first few weeks after Tony woke up from the surgery felt like something else entirely. Whether it was ill-timed jokes or treating him like he could break at any moment...Yeah, Tony gets Peter was just trying to look after him and keep him safe, but that's meant to be what Tony does for him, not the other way around.
Bucky tenses near imperceptibly at that, at Steve's admission, though he doesn't make any moves to get away from Steve or to shut the conversation down. He's pretty sure they've survived through worse than this, through several near-death experiences, but this feels more like he's dying than any of the times he actually was. This isn't anything he and Steve have had to navigate before, and he's so scared, even if he's not going to admit it. Sighing, Bucky leans his head against Steve's.
“Tony Stark. thought you looked familiar.” he's happy enough to let it die there, because his fascination with the gorgeous creature in front of him has sweet fuck all to do with his relation to mad gazillionaire Howard Stark. He allows his fingertips to trail back down Tony's body, resting over his hip, where a thumb gently strokes over the protrusion of bone there.  “You're gorgeous.” He whispers quietly, before leaning in for a lingering kiss. “And you're lucky you're not sixty-two, because I'm far from done with you tonight.”
“Your pretty little boytoy runs with The Hunt, Steve,” he says, not taking his eyes off Tony. “Guessin’ he didn’t tell you that when he was acting high and mighty about us bein’ with the mob, did he?”
“Yeah, well. Consider it a whole lot less science fiction, and a lot more science fact.” He turns back to look at Tony, and something shadowy and dark falls over his face. He huffs a hiss out through his teeth. “looks bad.” He offers apropos of nothing. Steve doesn’t know why, but he instantly feels himself getting defensive.
Steves so convinced that he's not going to get a response that when the phone goes off, he nearly jumps out of the bed with shock. He tries to calm himself down before he opens the phone, tries to squash that feeling that's entirely too close to 'excitement' for comfort. After all, it could be an automatic response, a non-existent number letting him know his text hadn't got through. Tony may have contacted the company, got the service cut. Someone else could have the number now.
?" Tony fires back, his tone a touch more incredulous than he intends. But he'd woken up to Steve murmuring nonsense right above his head, and the murmurs had quickly evolved into yelling and screaming. Tony hates to think that Steve might have spent months on his own like this, tortured by his own mind every damn night. Lord knows that Tony can't sleep, but he doesn't experience the nightmares as much because he doesn't let himself. Only when he passes out, and even then, he only wakes with a gasp and a cold sweat sticking his clothes to his skin.
Steve doesn't think he's ever had the breath kissed out of him, but he's pretty sure that's exactly what just happened. Tony's an exceptional kisser, all soft lips and dangerously quick tongue that knows exactly where to touch by the time they're breaking apart, Steve's forced into blinking harder than he'd like, just to see the world straight. He smiles sheepishly, and leads the way up the small staircase on the side of the building, the one that leads directly to the small, if lavish apartment he uses, when a hit carries him this far out, or if Bucky's being an asshole. Or he's being an asshole.
“Don't worry, I'll make sure it isn't a repeat performance. If… if you wanna… be with me still, I mean.” And his chest clenches painfully with the mere idea that he might not. He blushes lightly and scratches at the back of his neck, looking down. “I also… um. I have a few confessions to make, to you, and, and to Bucky too… because despite what our first night looked like I
It's with shaking hands that he finally manages to flip the phone open and type out what he fully expects to be the last message he'll ever send to Tony. A wave of depression is starting to boil just under the surface, but there's a grim determination in the way he types his farewell.
He staggers out into the hallway, disoriented, and confused, and mad as hell. He only makes a few steps, before a well meaning nurse is rushing up to him, trying to usher him back into the room. He’s, understandably, having none of it. “Where’s my kid.”
,” he repeats, though he doesn’t take his eyes off Steve, desperate and pleading. “Steve, sweetheart, I—I didn’t know who you were before I met you at the club, had no fucking idea that you were involved with Red Star, that you were married to Bucky Barnes. I’m the Hunt’s
“look, honey bear, the pillows aren’t my favorite décor either, but you could have just said. Miss Potts would be the one to throw them at anyway, I just pay for things.” Rhodey fixes him with a look that’s so unimpressed, it’s just off being physically painful to look at.
“it was… alright. Seeing another me was weird.” Steve hums quietly, and nods his agreement, and Tony bites at his lip softly. “that’s… actually what I wanted to talk about. The nurses… they said that the only way knew what to check me for, is that someone left them a note… Steve, Ed’s been gone for a couple days, do you think?”
There’s a million things that Steve wants to say, but one thing stands out more than any other. “I’m not the only one keeping secrets, am I?” he says it whisper soft, the words barely making any sound in the space between them, but Tony clearly hears them, if his resulting huff of laughter is any indication.
Steve’s not sure what makes him do it, doesn’t know what devil jumps into his mouth, and makes him speak his thoughts into reality, but he does. He does, and saying it, is like feeling a thousand pound weight lifted off of his shoulders.
"If I could turn the page, in time I'd rearrange just a day or two. close my, close my eyes, but I couldn't find a way, so I'll settle for one day, to believe in you. Tell me, tell me, tell me lies."-Little lies.
“don’t play dumb with me.” Tony merely raises an eyebrow and tilts his head a degree or two. For anyone else, it might seem condescending, but Rhodey’s seen every expression Tony can make, enough times, that he can read him like a book. The ‘what the hell are you talking about’ might as well have been written on his forehead for as clearly as he was telegraphing it. Rhodey sighs exasperatedly, and drops his head back onto the couch. “do not text Steve Rogers. Do not do it.”Tony whines then, everything in his posture crumpling, though it’s minute enough, to be barely visible.
“Oh shoot, wait, pop the trunk for me!” Steve exclaimed and Tony did so wordlessly, not even bothering to turn and watch as he focused his eyes on the stars above.
“I think that a trip to the gas station would be nice. I haven’t been inside one in ages,” and with that they headed off.
Tony was smiling. He couldn’t stop because this man was not only the first to actually attempt to get him out of the lab, but the first one to ask him what he wanted and not just give him a ham and cheese sandwich. (Thor brought him six in total and at this point Stark is sure that’s the only food the Asgardian can make). Steven Grant Rogers was really the kindest soul to grace this great earth and Tony was going to lose every ounce of control if he continued to emanate this kindness.
“I’m supposed to, uhh,” he was flipping through a little black notebook and suddenly he pointed at a word, “I’m supposed to listen to Nirvana.”
When they stopped Steve swore he could see the stars in Tony’s dark eyes. And Tony. Well, Tony was unable to even think about stars or the world because he couldn’t stop thinking about how he kissed Steve Rogers and how he wanted to tattoo that on his forehead so everyone knew that he was worthy of kissing Captain America. Maybe Steve would get a matching one about Iron Man.
Steve tensed, eyebrows shooting up. Kids. So in this backstory he and Tony had adopted (or genetically made) children. He could roll with that. Hell, he wouldn’t mind it being a reality either.
“I, uh, I have something for us. For you.” Steve whispered, unable to pull his eyes away from the stars that were Tony’s eyes.
Tony smiled, nodded. “Well, it’s only twelve-thirty, I guess. The night is still young,” and before he could stop himself the genius added a: “unlike a certain super soldier I know.”
The keys were pulled out of the ignition, Stark just humming in response (his way of refusing to acknowledge that Steve was correct). However, Steve didn’t know how well you can see the stars in this part. Stark wondered if Steve knows what it’s like to be surrounded by this silence without threat. He wanted to share this new experience with Steve.
Finally pulling himself out of the car, Stark grinned and nodded at his favorite avenger (sorry, Bruce), “On my way, Christopher.” When both the men stepped inside Tony pulled the hood up over his head and grabbed a basket before handing Steve one as well. “Divide and conquer. Get as many energy drinks as you can fit in this basket, I’m grabbing the food.”
“Hey!” Steve scolded loud enough to make Tony jump back (which he would never admit to when confronted), “language.” The phrase, although unwillingly, went straight to Tony’s dick and had him (for once) blushing like an embarrassed schoolgirl.
After a couple seconds of fiddling a familiar tune was blasting. One Steve had blocked from his memory in complete and utter embarrassment. “Star Spangled Man”.
Tony Stark hadn’t been out of the lab in days. He had been working on— well, Steve didn’t quite know. He just knew that Tony was working on something and it was far beyond anything Captain America could conceive. And everyone would go in and out to talk to Tony, to bring him food, to check on him to make sure he wasn’t dead— everyone except for the most motherly avenger himself.
Finally in the car, Tony smiled and gripped the wheel in anticipation. Oh, he actually missed driving this car around. Maybe he should get out of the house more… And maybe go out with Steve more because (for some damn reason) he was having a little bit of fun with him before they were even doing anything.
Two knocks. It’s all it took for Tony Stark to say come in. Of course, he was expecting someone else. Someone who wasn’t Steve Rogers.
Like that, the two ate in silence until both were completely satisfied. By the end of the meal, Tony was laying back watching the way Steve moved as he packed up the food into the plastic bags and placed it back in the car. The only thing left on the comforter was Tony, the pillows, and Steve’s water bottle he had been sipping out of.
They were quiet, leaning into each other and letting their breath mix as they both kept their hands against the tattoos. Tony’s unsure of who made the first move but the two were kissing soon again. This was going to be an everyday thing. Tony would make sure of that.
“Getting everything you need, Christopher? I’m sure our son would like a little candy treat if you’d like to pick it out.”
Tony scurried away from the tallest man and towards one of the many food aisles but could hear a laugh and a “You have to stop saying that to me!” And despite the innuendo, the Star Spangled Man made his way to the refrigerators and began filling them with random energy drinks he saw Tony drink before and a couple of waters for himself.
“Before I ask you this. I need to know if that kiss was a one time thing.” Tony breathed out, aware of how dangerous a question of commitment was.
“It’s been awhile since I’ve seen stars like this,” the captain finally whispered, as though afraid speaking too loud would ruin the way the stars look in the sky. “Last time I was able to look at the sky like this I was with Buck trying to forget about the war and how I wasn’t allowed to fight with him.”
Tony and Steve met in the front, Steve quickly taking the full basket from the other and placing it in front of the cashier. The shorter male began to peer over Steve’s shoulder only to get a hand placed on his abdomen and slowly push him away. A touch that, for some damn reason, turned on the brunette more than any other touch he ever felt.
The alarming part about their departure was that they hadn’t been back for twelve hours and, by the looks of it, there was no war going on that needed attention. So, the group really had left the two feuding men all alone.
Steve didn’t play around. He wasn’t playful like this. He was stone cold and never got that playful tone, not that that was unattractive it was just the norm. This was a new side of Steve. A side he craved to see more often and was going to devote the rest of his life to pulling out more often.
“Please turn it off.” Tony was only singing louder, more obnoxiously. “Stark! Turn it off!” The subject shook his head no and grinned bigger as he rounded the corner. “Tony,” softer, pleading, “please.”
There seemed to be a schedule going, people coming in every five or six hours or whenever food needed to be demanded. But everyone left. Everyone except Tony and Steve, who weren’t on speaking terms.
The statement made Steve blush, not because it was coming from Tony’s mouth—no, he’d have to be on his deathbed to admit that—but because the word ‘pretty’ was something the man didn’t often hear directed towards him. He had to admit he favored being called pretty over being called hot or sexy or a Daddy, which Steve learned meant something far different than the definition he grew up with. (Especially when it left Tony’s lips.)
He let himself indulge in a selfish act in that moment and turned his head toward Steve who had his eyes trained on the sky. He wasn’t crying, but his eyes shone in a way that made Tony’s heartache. Still, he couldn’t bring his gaze away from Steve.
“I’m selfish.” Steve finally said, pain spilling into the open air. “I did it to fight. To help. But now I’d go back and do the same thing just to save Buck. I’d rather him die by that fall, fighting with me than torture.”
A shuffle was heard and Tony finally directed his eyes to Steve who was making his way to the front of the car and had his burly arms overflowing with a huge comforter. Tony moved to go help, suddenly aware that Steve was doing more than helping him get out of the tower. He was making this intimate. Not sexually, unfortunately, but in the way that he knew the two would probably talk about things. Things they don’t talk about in the daylight.
At that, Tony found himself smirking and cocking his eyebrow, “And you scold me for my language.” It was a joy to be able to tease Steve again, whenever they got into fights that was what he missed the absolute most. No other Avenger was as entertaining as Steven Grant Rogers.
Tony wanted to hear his name come out of Steve’s lips more often. His first name in specific. And because he loved the sound of it so much he happily obliged. Steve’s voice saying his name (and even that little please at the end), now that was music. Boy, would he love to hear that song while it laid beneath him. Maybe above, the man wasn’t too picky when it came to his taste in music.
“If I didn’t go Bucky would’ve died. So would a lot of other people, but Bucky would be tortured and I would’ve— hell, I don’t know if heartbreak kills, but I know I’d be dead because I was alone and I wouldn’t be able to handle the world without him.”
‘God, that man is beautiful,’ Tony thought, ‘even if he will probably devour all those cookies in one go if I let him.’
“I might shave it again, I mean it’s a bit of stubble and it’s nowhere near a full beard. But I’ve also considered just letting it grow out, see where it takes me?”
Tony didn’t know they were gone, of course, whenever someone went in he only half-listened to whatever they were talking about. Of course, that half of a listen was dedicated to making sure he could get a snarky comment or two in during the five minute conversations.
“I’m paying,” Tony snapped as the cashier went to take the card from Steve, scaring the poor girl. He grinned apologetically and pushed Steve backwards, shoving his own card at the woman. She took the card in shaking fingers, swiping it and handing it back quickly before Steve picked up the bags and made his way out.
Tony smiled, moving forward and planting a kiss against Steve’s lips, cutting off the words that were coming out. “Well, Steve, can I tattoo your face on my body then?”
“You haven’t shaved,” Tony noted after a minute of silence. The other man only nodded in response, he was busying himself by looking out of the window and watching the streetlights flash by. “Are you growing it out or just neglecting it?”
Steve laughed and went to grab the water bottle he had wrapped in a couple of napkins to keep from wetting the comforter and responded: “Only if you do me.”
Meanwhile, Steve went for the inside of his arm just below the crook of his elbow and together the two of them wetted the napkins and placed the tattoos against their skin with enough pressure from the napkins to leave the tattoos on their skin until friction and water would wear them away.
The man turned, licking his lips and watching as the short brunette weaved his way through the aisles stuffing more and more food into the basket. Tony laughed at one point, dropping a bag of chips on the floor and picking it back up quickly. The man then turned, making eye contact with the super soldier through the aisle and he let out the biggest smile to ever grace Tony Stark’s lips in a sober state.
“So, Cap, what restaurant are you taking me to for our first date? Personally, I’m a pepperoni New York pizza kind of guy but I’m up for anything you’ll put in my mouth.” And, boy, did Tony mean anything.
The drive started quiet, neither man talking or bickering. That is until Tony, once again, suggested the idea of playing music. It took a few moments before Steve breathed out a yes and dug through his pocket, “But can I pick?”
“No, technically, you spoke to me and I think ‘not speaking’ implies that neither of us our using our lips and tongues in a way that is directed towards one another.”
“Candy might rot his teeth, Robert,” the other man retorted and yet still made his way over to the candy aisle. “You know how much our sweet Peter already hates going to the dentist.”
“You know what I meant, Stark.” Steve snapped through his prominent blush and began to direct his attention elsewhere. His eyes finally settled on a smorgasbord that had yet to be touched. “Don’t like your food?”
“Would you do it any differently?” Tony laid back with Steve, aware of the inch of space between their hands and how if he looked at the sky maybe he would stop thinking about the way Steve’s lips moved when he spoke.
Tony laughed and moved to grab the package, ripping it open quickly to flip through the sheets of tattoos. Each Avenger had their own sheet and he couldn’t wait to assault Clint with these in his sleep. Tony stopped at Captain America’s page though, looking at the recreations of images paparazzi and reporters surely sold. After all, this had zero profit in the Avengers name as far as Tony knew.
Tony always thought that Steve wouldn’t go back in the ice for them. He’d do it for the world and maybe try and go deeper so that he wouldn’t have to meet Tony who fought with him far too often.
Steve blushed, opened the door completely and got out. Leaning down, the man lifted up his glasses to reveal his eyes before winking and responding with a quick: “Come on, Robert.”
Steve, of course, was in the car first. All that man did was throw on a dark hoodie and a black hat. (He also grabbed two pillows and a king sized blanket and stuffed it in the trunk, but that was nothing Tony knew about.) Tony, on the other hand, made sure to brush his teeth and wash his face (and his body with a rag) before pulling on a blue jacket and hat. Oh, and don’t forget his aviator sunglasses. He put those on as well.
Tony let himself lean down and brush their lips together before adding any pressure. He thought that he would’ve been pushed away by then, that Steve would’ve definitely accused the man of taking things the wrong way. But, God, this was so right. Especially since Steve was kissing back and just as eager. Steve moved with Tony, following the kiss up to the point where Steve had himself propped on his elbows and was leaning towards Tony.
Steve finally settled, smiling at Tony giddily and pulling off the sunglasses to place them back in their case. “Are you ready?”
Tony was barely able to think, Steve smiling at him like that was going to ruin him and he was willing to let that happen as long as Steve ruined it with him.
Tony dove into the middle compartment before pulling out a glasses case containing a pair of sunglasses. Typically, if this were Bruce or Natasha or Clint, Tony would hand the glasses case over to the person in his passenger side and instruct him to put them on. But, a crush that Tony often neglects to recognize burned deep and he let his hands open the case and pull out a pair of sunglasses before sliding them onto Steve. It made Steve smile goofily, a smile he hadn’t given many men the pleasure of seeing unless he was drunk (and getting drunk was no longer an option for him).
Turning off the literal music showed a clear perk in Steve and lead to the figurative music being turned off as well. However, it was in perfect time for Tony to pull into the gas station.
With a forced breath the blond finally responded: “Well, I mean, if we go to a gas station we can pick up food that we don’t have to make and then we can… I don’t know, pig out in some open area or parking lot. But I could cook for you, too. Hence the whole, grocery store part.”
Just then, in the quiet of it all, Tony was realizing what a big hassle it was going to be to try and not kiss Steve tonight. Especially since the stars looked so beautiful and Tony could only imagine the way the moon would compliment Steve’s complexion.
“I would also crash into the ice again,” he breathes deeply, letting his words tumble out together on the exhale, “For more reasons other than being a savior, to be honest. I can’t imagine a world where I didn’t exist in both of these timelines. I can’t imagine a life where I didn’t meet you and all of the others.”
Finally, both the men settled and began to lay out the food in front of them. Tony had bought hot cheetos, beef jerky, two deli sandwiches, trail mix, and a box of those lofthouse cookies everyone seemed to have an affinity for. Meanwhile, Steve had gathered a collection of water and energy drinks that Tony was sure to burn through over the next few days.
“So, you just broke the whole not speaking thing,” the blonde stated as he made his way into the room and to the opposite side of Tony’s workbench. Tony finally looked up, dropping his blowtorch and pulling off the welding mask he wore.
Steve laid back down, eyes going back to the stars. Meanwhile, Tony soaked up Steve’s image. The way he stared at the sky, the way his eyelashes brushed his cheeks with each blink, the tongue that reached out to wet his lips. Tony finally turned on his side while propping himself up on one arm to look down at Steve.
The Captain laughed half-heartedly and placed a hand on his friend’s shoulder, “No offence, Stark, but finding the way to a field within New York’s vicinity isn’t exactly the work of genius. Anyone with a GPS can do it.”
