John blinked, but followed Sherlock’s command. Sherlock shook the milk onto John’s wrist, and then slipped the bottle into Rosie’s mouth when John gave the okay. They moved to sit on the sofa and no one spoke. Sherlock was whispering something to Rosie as she drank from the bottle, her eyes fixated on his own, and John fixated on him.
"But when he left me, he said he would come back, but he didn't. And in time, I simply started to forget my ever meeting him."
‘Sherlock, don’t worry about that, don’t let a single thought about it come to your head.’ I told him. ‘You will be fine, you are going to be fine, Sherlock.’
“Anyway, what I’m trying to say is. You made me feel good about myself. And I hadn’t realized until then how good it feels to be….”
We made it to the building in record time. There was no traffic that day, thankfully. I was well ahead of you, as you had to pay the cabbie, I ran out too fast. We both made our way down the long halls, with many men and women inside each of the offices, speaking with their own agents in hopes that they can start a family of their own too. An equal amount of them were same-sex couples, but I didn’t care, everybody deserves to be happy. We made it to the same woman we met all those months ago. She looked strict from anybody who didn’t know her. She had her brown hair cut into a bob, she looked good with it, and not many people could pull off the asymmetrical thing. She had honey-colored eyes hidden behind her rectangular glasses, and she wore a pant suit. When she saw us, she smiled.
Sherlock’s mouth tugged painfully into a smile. He doesn’t think he’s ever heard John talk about something other than him with such a happy tone. He did ask Sherlock about the flowers, but his eyes never left the variety of plants. Sherlock’s heart warmed to see John allow himself to be this vulnerable. He was always vigilant, always alert. He liked this side of John.
“I knew he liked me, but I didn’t know the depths he would go for me. It was at the swimming pool that I found out. Jim Moriarty, a deranged psychopath who’s tried to kill me and John countless times. He had John strapped to a bomb jacket, made it look like he was the one who was trying to get me. He wasn’t, but I was too distraught to deduce that. I thought I lost my only friend. But he then John did something, I’ll never forget it for as long as I live. He threw himself on Moriarty for me…he was going to blow himself up, for me, me! I could scarcely believe it. We made it out alive, for that I can thank Irene Adler.”
“But an alternate version of us, Holmes. They are us, in a sense; they are the version of us that got to be together. We should be happy for them.”
Sherlock took out his sunglasses from his coat pocket and slid them on as he walked over to the little boy who was sitting down in between the two trees. The Doctor kept a watchful eye over him.
“If I wanted another flat I would have just told Mycroft to buy me another one. This flat is special to me because it was my first time living with somebody else, let alone somebody who liked me of their own accord and who actively looked forward to staying with me. There were others that came seeking a flatmate, but I made the mistake of opening my mouth and there they went. You
"I think, that we should let them stay tonight. Just until his colleague regains consciousness and gets his bearings together."
‘Trust me; it wasn’t as easy as it looked.’ You joked with her. At least, I felt like it was a joke.
She was six months when we met her, I’m not sure if you were paying attention when she came over, you only said one sentence to her while she was at our flat.
They were now inside the TARDIS, and for some reason, it looked even more brighter than usual. Did it know that it was Sherlock's birthday as well?
John eventually found her dead one morning. He wasn’t surprised, her health was failing as she got older, and her melancholy wasn’t helping her situation. She was lying in their bed, as if she was sleeping. Only this time, she wasn’t going to wake up. He sat by her beside for a while, just staring at her, thinking about how she wished for death every night, her cries kept him up, leaving him sleep-deprived. He even wished, for a short moment, for her wish to be answered. He was trying to look on the bright-side, but how can anything be bright, in his dark world? The only time he had experienced happiness was with Sherlock. Sherlock was the one shining light in his life. He hasn’t seen Sherlock in almost twenty years; once again, he was occupied with Mary. His limp came back, a few weeks after Mary’s funeral. He buried her with their daughter; they didn’t name her because they would only break even more. But John called her Rachel, after the pink lady’s stillborn daughter. He had that in common with her.
There was another tab open, with Google once again as the page. This one read, ‘Survival odds of Pancreatic Cancer.’
He bent down to pick her up. He went into her room and picked out a purple shirt with a dog on it and some shorts, the weather was a bit warm. He eased her soiled dress off her, she laughed when the dress covered her face. He hummed a tune as they quietly prepared for their outing to John’s clinic. Rosie had become restless recently, Sherlock thought that it had something to do with her going shopping with him. She liked going out, and there hadn’t been much opportunity to go anywhere beside the shops.
He was met with Sherlock's lips on his and whatever word that was sitting on his tongue died right then and there. John's hands flew to Sherlock's magnificent curls and tangled themselves in his hair. Sherlock let out a moan as John's fingers grazed his scalp, the tickling sensation beginning to drive him crazy. They leaned in, careful not to knock over the food that John had so carefully made. John's other hand went for the skin underneath Sherlock's shirt, which caused Sherlock to clasp a hand over John's as he was feeling him up. With the help of Sherlock, John began to remove Sherlock's t-shirt from his body.
The news that we got...it wasn't what we were expecting. Maybe you had a virus, or some sort of stomach problem. But that's not what we heard.
John saw Sherlock’s face soften. He always hated seeing Sherlock so vulnerable because he knew what was going to happen next.
Watson walked into the living room to find Holmes already awake and sitting at the table with only a cup of tea that Watson thought was far too cold for human consumption. Holmes was already in his thinking position; his hands steepled under his chin, his eyes narrowed and fixed on one position, his mouth, tight and pursed as he prevented any noises from leaving his body in fear that his whole train of thought would be thrown off. It was still very early, about seven in the morning, If Holmes was awake at this hour, which was only if he was on a case, he would still be in his room. It was rare to see him out before the sun actually hit the sky. Watson had half a mind to snap Holmes out of it but he didn’t feel like being the brunt of Holmes’s anger, especially so early in the morning. He wanted to talk to Holmes; he really did, after hearing about Sherlock and John’s relationship, he felt like they should discuss it, he already knew how he felt about it; he just wanted to know how Holmes took it. He was happy for them, truly he was, but Holmes seemed to be a bit downtrodden about it. Watson let out a sigh and fixed himself a cup of tea and took a seat in the other chair. Thankfully, Holmes already took the liberty of bringing the paper with him to the table so Watson wouldn’t have to ask him for it.
him. Recruited him. Sherlock has always liked to believe that he had been the one to pull John with him. Made him a part of his oh-so-exciting new world, full of mischief and mayhem. But in all those years it had always been John who grounded him, lighted up what used to be dark for so long, pulled him away from the edge when he was getting too close. And one time, there are suddenly signs of a lump in his throat while he thinks of it again, John has given him a reason to stand right on the edge, look down and jump.
John couldn't deny the little twinge of jealousy he felt at the sight of that. Was that his wife? He had never spoken a word of her before. But one look at Sherlock's pained expression, a clear sign of discomfort, told him that no, this didn't look like a man reunited with his significant other. Although he couldn't tell if the face he was making wasn't also due to her calling him alive when he himself knew that this wasn't quite true.
The blackmailer knew what he was doing. It was his profession after all, manipulating people. He was good at it, trying to read his opponents even while he spoke. With John, he was counting on his morals to get the better of him and stop him from threatening a defenseless man. It would have worked, had John not seen through it. Nowadays, his morals were more dubious than grounded anyway.
, kissing him like it had always meant to be. He can hear Sherlock sobbing through the kiss, but his lips are soft and he tastes so much like home that John wants to stab himself in the heart for ever having left, but then, wasn't it Sherlock who had left?, and he's done, just for this beautiful moment, so done thinking about this tragedy. He is kissing the man he loves. The stab in his heart that he can already feel is love. And it hurts so good.
does. John's smooth voice is talking to him, soothing him, and at the same time it lets lust grow into longing. He
He held it out for him to take it, but John only hesitated and waited for the joke to come. When he realised that Sherlock was as serious about this as one who was about to lend an eye to someone else could possibly be, he let out a groan and opened his palm.
It was already clear to him, though, that this job would offer him a lot more than being in a clinic all day and treating the flu. Secondly, and according to Sherlock Holmes, him working there was
He tried to distract himself by taking a look at the menu. While he looked through the variety of food, wondering how many deserts could begin with the letter
"They say the brain and the heart are opposites, but they work together. What they need in a body, like the fuel of an engine, is my soul. And that only transfers with the help of..."
Before John could protest, he became aware of the fact that he was holding an eye within his palm. It felt different from what he had expected. Neither slimey nor too squidgy. Not that he, as a medical man, had never touched an eye before. He shot a glance at the eye he had seen earlier – the one that was swimming around in the dirty glass on the shelf – and it was looking back at him
There had been a time where he would have looked at a woman like her quite differently. Dark, mysterious and enticing woman, looking just dangerous enough. But what caught his attention today was rather the look of mischief in her eyes. What did she know?
John went on quickly since Smith was making his hairs stand on end, and he had started talking to him from behind the glass with his high nasal voice,
"I sat down in the chair, knowing I'd lose my life. He was going to cut my head open. And I embraced it when it came. So that is how." He looked at John. "How I killed myself."
"Has our good inspector here ever used those handcuffs on you, I wonder?" Moriarty asked himself aloud in a rough voice that drove goosebumps of disgust down Molly's back. She blushed and suppressed to urge to kick him from the horse.
He had found the matchbox and lit one match in a quick hand movement. Sparks sprayed and a flame illuminated Lestrade's face. His grey hairs turned golden and flickered as he held the cigar between fingers and lips and tried to light it.
"It’s a compilation, John, surely you can’t know all of these, or I would seriously question your sanity."
John smiled and he smiled back at him, and the roof was full of warm blood and corpses. Suddenly, a loud cry broke the small moment of peace. Only that it didn't sound like a horse at all. They looked down into the alley where the smoke had finally cleared. The city burned but through the flames emerged a different species. Metallic and blackened from the soot, they ran over several knight soldiers, just crushing their heads with hooves of steel. Then they came for their horses. They were headed by no other than James Moriarty. Moran was on the horse next to him, shooting vampyres with a shotgun.
"It's more than sexual intercourse, isn't it?" Sherlock asks innocently, carefully, as he is trying to distance himself from the overwhelming sentiment with dry terms.
Sherlock hasn't looked down yet, but he knows that John is not looking at him any longer. He does not feel the warmth of his eyes, as sentimental and illogical as this sounds. He coughs once before speaking up. "No, I mean ... what are they? Why are they falling?"
A suspiciously familiar voice. Of course, he reacted to his own name by default, but he knew that a name as common as
“You have no idea how long…” he begins, but doesn’t quite know where he was going with it, or if he wants this sentence to end.
Again, he is drawn to the falling stars, another one, another one, and every time his heart misses a beat. The stars are falling, is all he can think of, and admire it all over again. After a while, he really cannot help himself anymore. He has to ask.
He didn't really understand what was happening around him as soon as John's fingers touched his neck and disappeared in the dark curls. Sherlock shivered (so sensitive) and his legs threatened to give in for a second, so he slid deeper down the door, more of John's height now. He was pulling his hair a little, and the sweet pain immediately dissolved into arousal that went straight to his cock.
Extraordinary? The word spun around in John's head, flew into corners that tried to shape and form it, but it came out the same. Unwritten and unchanged. Sherlock thought he was
The bathroom door flings open and Sherlock almost takes a hit to the head. He steps back a bit and gulps as he locks eyes with John. His grin could be described as
John has difficulty keeping his breathing under control. With clever fingers Sherlock traces the slight curve of his pulsating cock all the way up to the tip where he lets it jump and twitch from the tease.
"A snake?” John wondered out loud. “Isn't she rather..." He thought about her hundred pairs of eyes, about her body sacking to the floor and releasing one giant swarm of animals that were definitely not snakes. "...you know, a spider?"
Sherlock finally managed to stop biting his lip and get rid of his sweet little smile. John wished he wouldn't. The eleventh step of the stairs creaked as it ought to and then the man and the striped cat were standing in their doorway.
"No, it's- it is all right. I only thought … should you not be up there playing?" John made a rough gesture towards the general direction of the stage, but she already shook her head.
worked on this before," John said, taking one of the sketches between careful fingers. He knew he was privileged to see this. He knew these works had to be close to Sherlock's heart (again, wherever that may be).
John’s hand presses against his mouth to hold himself back from shouting out his name. If he did this, all would be over. Greg would personally ensure their arrest and they would rot in separate prison cells for the rest of their days.
Anderson looked once again over his shoulder to Donovan, but she was avoiding his gaze. Instead of her, Molly was the one to face him now. She stepped up to him, displaying all the anger that John had tried so hard to suppress. "You may leave any time you like."
"I won't give up so easily," declared Sherlock. He had his eyes fixed on the rooftops and took John's hand. "Come with me."
If only he could touch himself. If only he could press his cock against the mattress and move, create some friction, anything that won't make him come untouched. But then he would have to give up moving towards John's fingers every time he pulls back a little, destroying the rhythm he might be trying to build because he is just too eager.
Sherlock looked at him from under his lashes, still smiling away sweetly. John already knew he couldn't say no to this.
But the shots died quickly. The city took back the silence and the howling of the wind. It wasn't right. The feeling crept up and under John's skin. Something wasn't right at all.
Both of them sat down and took in the positions they had been in before, readjusting to both their roles in this calculated little play as they sat down opposite each other with a table to separate them. John carefully took out the tube he had just slid into his bag and shot her a quick glance from the corner of his eye. She still smiled like naïveté personified. John didn't like it. He had to try to distract her somehow, or he might blow his cover.
He still manages to lift his arse up enough, and John chuckles as he gets the hint. The vibrations of his low chuckle make him whimper, the sound itself being the most arousing thing he has ever heard.
"'Ey, I've as much a right to be 'ere as you do, ser!" The man with the uncombed hair replied sorely.
While he fled through the crowds that were waiting for the next train to come in and carry off, trying not to shudder in disgust at the look on this man's face, said man was retreating to be back with his granddaughter. Seemingly cheerful being back with his family when John himself was still alone.
The lights were burning dimly in the night's sky above the city. Both airships had lit several little oil lamps from one end to the other. It made the world up here feel warmer despite the cold moonlight meeting the grounds of the ship earlier than the streets below. Most of the attendants of both ships were fast asleep in the ship's belly, and even the screams of madness from down below faded with the wind. Only one of them was wide awake. John found him leaning over the railing, dark curls against pale skin, the sharp angles of his face softened by the light coming from the oil lamp in his hand.
Sherlock nodded and then they jumped. His hook flew through the air and hit the top of the opposite roof. It was dragged to the edge and they both fell through the air until the hook hit the edge and the rope strained, sending them swinging over the masses down below. John let go of Sherlock and aimed for Sebastian Moran. He was riding towards the General, about to pull the trigger before John landed on him and they both fell off the horse. The metal horse just stopped and another one ran into it. The crash completely destroyed the horse's shell, sending pieces flying everywhere.
John and Sarah had only gotten to know each other briefly over the last few weeks. He always made sure he was out of the clinic as soon as possible after his shift was over. Not that he didn't like the job. He was very grateful that Stamford had presented this offer to him. Treating patients again, actual human beings with a simple daily routine, it felt ... not bad at first. As though he was needed. Had a purpose somewhere. But after a few days, he was feeling sicker and sicker, the more time he spent within the walls of this doctor's office and had to pretend he was just that. A doctor treating the flu. It felt like he was slowly losing himself within the work that was only meant to fill an unrelenting gap.
Everyone around him had become an obstacle. They appeared to be glued to where they stood, building a massive barrier. Sherlock couldn't get away fast enough.
So he had their handcuffs removed and they all shook hands. They congratulated Lestrade again on the promotion (even though the old Chief had left them under very unfortunate circumstances) and then they went home. Home to Baker Street.
He nodded towards John. "Our Doctor here has said the injury was surgical. If we assume that this, meaning consulted murder, is how Moriarty earns most of his money – and there is clear evidence that this is what he did before The Professor – then someone must have paid him to assassinate Woodbridge. So the questions is why would someone want to see a middle-aged, dull, slightly overweight guard in a museum cut in half? Why if he didn't know something he was not supposed to know? The lost Vermeer painting provides the missing link."
but oh God, oh God, now he is seeing, now he is finally able to connect the dots, because it is the exact same expression.
He would be offended, usually. He's not a child anymore, after all. No one should feel the need to take care of him, fondle him. But somewhere in the back of his mind (the part that can still think clearly, but is giving a very tiny, quiet voice today and is told by every other part to just finally take a break and drown in the sensations) he knows how much he needs it. John's touch that burns every inch of skin that it comes into contact with. So many, so many inches...
Instead, it cried out like a giant kitten, the sound resembling in John's whole body. And then the blood began to spill. Sherlock let go of the sword's handle. It had pierced through the orange fur, the skin and flesh of the tiger, and slid between its ribs like a knife through butter till most of the blade had vanished inside of the animal. Together, he and Sherlock pushed it over and off John's body. Without the armour on it would have crushed some of his bones for sure.
The driver laughed, but it was not happy nor was it pleasant. "You get into a cab without knowing where 'tis you wanna go?"
"Do you really?" Now John turned to her with crossed arms. "Because I just asked you a question and you didn't answer it."
together. It's almost too overwhelming for Sherlock to breathe at all, but with shuddering exhales come the smooth strokes of John's thumbs running up and down his hipbones. His nose is tickling the skin right under his jaw, and Sherlock completely freezes when he places a kiss right there. How can something feel so right when it was never meant to be received by someone like him? Affection. Comfort.
Sherlock still feels like he is dying, but it’s different than it was before. John deepens the kiss, and he feels utterly devoured. He’s never wanted anything more, he thinks. Wrapped up in all of him. It fuels his addictive personality in many dangerous ways, but he cannot think, can only indulge in this dance of drawing back only to lean back in again, tongues against each other in one hot wet mess.
"It's just… I couldn’t stop seeing it, John. His eyes on you. The looks he gave you, with the eyelashes and the blue eyes. How his voice softens and deepens when he talks to you, all politely as if to impress you. And then, my mind went further, imagining you two together, and- ugh, it’s terrible! How can people stand this?"
"Oh!" John noticed how she skipped back and forth between present and past tense, probably not knowing what to believe.
Every time he tries to remember anything at all that could have happened during the time span between the night in the alley and his waking with John's soft lips on his own, the torn pieces in his mind slip out of his grip, and it feels like he would be trying to hold together melting ice cubes with his sheer hands, but solid coldness only melts and melts and the water runs, runs, and leaves behind wet hands, but nothing more to hold onto.
The whole room stood as still as John's heartbeat. He felt, distantly, how Sherlock wrapped his leg around his own waist, holding on and pressing against him, close, so close.
John (who had just suppressed another grin at the memory of lent ears) felt his own heart stagger in his chest. Did Sherlock know he did this out loud? Did he want to do this out loud? Take off all of the pretence and call him...
Sherlock was staring at something, or someone, for a long time without uttering a word. The noises and movements around them made the pair of them odd-looking, turned them into obstacles. In the blink of an eye, his head snapped back into reality and in John's direction. John opened his mouth as he found his hand on his back, but Sherlock spoke first.
John blinked his eyes open. He felt like he had slept for at least a week, judging by his dry mouth and light head and back pain. He remembered a dream, vivid and close, but he didn't remember what he had been dreaming about. As if a part that was once his reality had been wiped out with each slow
Sherlock very loudly cleared his throat and took the liberty to position himself in the center, and between John and Molly, and do the rest of the introductions himself. "Very well, everyone knows our little Doctor now, do we? Good, John, so you know Molly Hooper. Next to Molly we have … Tom?" looking at the one John had referred to as awkward up to now, and he nodded at the mentioning of his name, so yes, Tom.
Just when John had immediately decided that the man had to be absolutely right, that he was far too fascinating to be only one of those creatures, his attention focused on the man's movements again. The way he moved, the way he talked, the way he simply treated him - he was like a hurricane. The feeling of being seen, of being captured by those eyes, it was... good, he decided.
He gave her his most grateful of smiles."Dr John Watson. It's very nice to meet you. And I usually like wild."
Molly bit her lip as she looked back and forth between them. She had never seen Sherlock so weak and so quiet. "Open it, then," she urged.
John gaped at her, very much at a loss for words. He thought he had just been taught an important lesson.
She took a step forward and held her hand out for John to take it. "Molly Hooper," she told him, and he found her smile to be as pleasant as that of Mrs Hudson, at least in its honesty. "I am very sorry that this must be your first impression of our little group. It is usually a little wild, but never this wild. I think Sherlock's disappearance has affected us all a bit more than some of us like to let on." She glanced over to Anderson, then to Lestrade, whose face immediately changed into one of mild shame.
"For the rest of your questions, I'd like to take you with me to Scotland Yard. There we can address everything else that needs to be addressed. Along with... the death of Sherlock Holmes."
John holds him there, not saying anything about what is currently pressing into his abdomen. He feels so intimate, so well-known, so like the place he always wanted to belong to, but never quite understood how to get there. The place he could sometimes come to, curl up, press his face into the crook of a warm, muscular neck and cry.
"Because he feels betrayed by me. Sherlock knew the day would come where James took me completely, and when it did come … I could not fight it. Sherlock defined me by this, and he defined our differences. He thought the loneliness was his strength, and sentiment was my weakness. That this was why I lost to James Moriarty's evil hand. It is not unlikely that he fears the same might happen to him now."
It was not unheard of rich people hoarding their supplies in the cellar. Somehow, John could imagine it very well. Irene Adler, playing around a bit with chemicals … He realised he had never asked where her injury actually came from. Although he tried to break the bad habit of sticking his nose into other people's affairs. Not one of his best resolutions when he was just about to enter someone else's basement unauthorised. God-knows-what could await him down there. And knowing Irene, or rather not knowing Irene, should tell him enough to know it would be dangerous.
Now that they were not running for their lives, he was given the luxury to look at her properly. She was older, her hair pulled back and turned fully grey, but she was still a very agile woman. Her left eye was covered by a leather eyepatch and a scar poking through beneath it, and her dark green uniform did not appear to be made for a fighter but for a leader instead.
The hand in his hair disappears, and Sherlock is just about to complain as John is putting his arm around his shoulder to hold him closer.
, watching Sherlock listen to music was a sight not quite from this world. It transformed him, melted the mask he still put on too often and revealed his gently smiling face and his languid, dreamy eyes, and John would give anything to see him again so enwrapped in the music, watching the energy of it filling him up.
Sherlock shivers at this and he feels goosebumps running down his arms. There are shivers, running down his spine, there are sparks trying to blind him, and his heart beats and beats so fast he can't move.
," he knows he sounds so desperate as he is feeling the first drips of pre-cum smearing against the silk of his pants. God, he needs to get them off. He's so hot, how hasn't that bothered him until now? John's hips move forward again and-
He did not. Again, she was right about him. He was partially impressed and irritated, while distantly knowing that decent men were supposed to mind being abducted by dubious people. It was turning into something of a habit.
He set foot on the plastered pavement of the station platform and lifted his suitcase to get it out of the open train door. He didn't have much, apart from the uniform he was already wearing. Dark blue coat secured tightly with a large leather belt around his waist, embellished with red and golden embroideries and polished buttons, silver armour stretched on top of long leather gloves, on his boots and around his collar.
"Moriarty never caused too much damage, and there was no need for fuelling Sherlock's obsession with him further. I let him play his little games, but I do not interfere."
Sherlock bent further over the railing, staring downwards. For a moment, John feared him to be under her spell too, but suddenly his head came around and his wide eyes turned from Irene Adler to him.
John wanted to feel bitter about being once more the fool with the littlest knowledge of them all, but he saw Sherlock's face then, saw the anger and the frustration over not having read the dark haired woman's true nature. No doubt he concluded that his mistake had led to John's capturing. The detective whirled around to take a look at everyone and raise his voice,
Not for the first time in this short last week, John Watson started to wonder if any of this was now his reality or if they had put him in a coma after being shot and he was still dreaming. As easy as it would be to tell oneself this, deep down he knew. His mind could never come up with this amount of madness and magic. This was not a dream.
John pinned the bridge of his nose in frustration and was about to kneel down next to the inhuman remains of Ms Adler when Sherlock caught his arm and pulled him back up for him to look him in the eye (as the other one was still inside of John's pocket.)
They stayed like this for only seconds too long. But long enough for John to look away and gulp down his insecurities. Then something clicked. "Wait. If you could simply walk out of that basement, why have you not done so before?"
John didn't have to think about it for long to feel a shiver run down his spine. "Imagine if a whole army could do it," he whispered.
“Afghanistan?” He added the question softly; a tune his voice fell into more and more often these days.
But because he was a grown man and could not stay in bed forever and hide, he pushed the covers away to get up. He was on a mission. A mission that was much bigger than him and Sherlock. Maybe there was still hope. Maybe they could still save him, find his heart and bring him back to life somehow. It did sound naive. But John knew that there were miracles out there.
Still, when he's finished he cannot help but look at his own knuckles in silent guilt. There is the distinct layer of crust, the definite evidence of what exactly he has done. A perfect fit for each of Sherlock's wounds.
They stood like this for far too long and not long enough to grasp what they were doing, but the curtains were halfway drawn. Halfway, like the air between them was only halfway charged with the tension of physics, of magnetism, while the other half was insecurity. The reason why he felt that Sherlock would understand what was happening between them was because it followed a pattern of logic. It was science, two poles that attracted each other equally, despite all their differences. They were not from the same worlds, he and him, but did they have to be? Somehow, destiny had still placed them here today, so close to being in each other's arms. The sun was setting. The room went dark. Sherlock's eyes never did.
. Yes, of course. He almost forgot. How could he almost forget something that has once been the core of his very identity, the only thing he has been living for, the one thing that mattered?
Her eyes met Sherlock's again, and he swallowed. John resisted the urge to reach out and soothe him with a touch.
Sherlock is gone again. He is lost within him self, somewhere else for more than a full minute, until he can feel fingers gently rubbing circles on the top of his knees and when he looks down, he sees John kneeling there, right by his side. He looks so worried and soft, Sherlock thinks he will melt then and there in his seat.
' They both share this feeling of insecurity and vulnerability that makes it so hard to phrase what they really mean. What
"And now, people of London, give it up for our jewel in the crown: The lovely and talented Irene Adler!"
At that, Mycroft's posture straightened. Duty called, blocking out any kind of sentiment he might feel. "Alright, this has been a lovely family reunion. If we could turn back to the important means of my visit, that would be very much preferable."
"What are you doing here?" He wasn't talking to John. Pushing past the detective, he ended up standing next to him, also stopping in his tracks.
It was pure self-control that kept John from forcing that fleabag of a man to his knees and ram the ironclad toe of his shoe where no man would ever want to feel pain. This fellow disgusted him, and it must have shown on his face because the man just chuckled. "Na, na. No reason looking like that, young man. I am only a businessman with one or two insights of how reality truly is. Even if it isn't what we want it to be."
He looked around. He was sure he would have seen it when he had entered the room earlier. Well, that was certainly odd. His tiny glimmer of hope sparked up at this. He picked up the note to read. There were no more than two lines written on it.
Sherlock only responds with a wave of his hand, as if it was nothing, but John can't help but miss the faintest blush around those high cheekbones.
With this, Mycroft patted his hand and rose from the chair. Sherlock looked after him as he left the room. Suddenly, it was colder. He could not feel it, but he knew.
When the taller man shook his head and closed his eyes for a second as if to keep his thoughts in order. The dark curls on top of his head quivered and bounced from one side to the other. His eyes opened again and regained focus on John and John alone. This could not be considered staring anymore, it was something else entirely. He opened his mouth and this peculiar voice flowed out like water from a breaking dam.
When the signal came, a sharp whistle above the clouds, his head was wiped empty. Old knighthood mechanism. He was back again, one of them again. Men and women just like him, willing to lose their lives tonight and leave this world to become a better one. They left the ship in rows. Those in the front did not even blink before they jumped down, down into the unknown. Next row. Jumping down like a performative act, rehearsed a thousand times before. Next row. Next turn to jump. Up the railing and down, ripping the clouds apart. Now it was John's turn. He had no problem with height but for some reason, his head would not shut up about it. Left and right to him they were stepping up onto the railing. His feet wouldn't move.
, John realised. He realised it with a calmness that was almost shocking. He was just waiting for him to say it. Of course, he could not know his name. That he could not read from his posture, his mimic. Not unless he saw the name engraved into the metal around his neck. Major James Sholto. But what did it matter now that he knew? John knew that he knew it was a man. That it was women he loved and men he fell for, fell for into deep dark pits because he made himself into a mess every single time. This time – this right here, Sherlock – was already doomed to mess him up again.
He looked up and there she stood. A woman, tight skirt, white ruffle shirt and chequered waistcoat. Her brown hair was pulled upwards and secured by a little beige hat. She was eyeing John from head to toe, not blinking once. Then she lifted her arm and spoke into her golden cufflink.
So his answer, thanks to John, only turns out to be a string of desperate moans in different pitches.
Of course, John had limited experience on that particular thing, but then again, he didn't. The night in the forest, the night he had been bitten ... a part of him had died back there. He had been convinced that it was over, had said his goodbyes to the world, and he had accepted death. Had been more than willing to tolerate the short period of unbearable pain the bite inflicted, and then a part of him had separated from him to raise to heaven or to hell. He would never know. And he would never see it again.
Greg lets out a loud and frustrating sigh. “I can’t believe he always gets away with avoiding the post-case paperwork!”
"Leave it. Just... leave it. There is only so much that is holding me back from ripping your head off and kicking it from this ship."
It was more than simply talking to someone about these kinds of things. They were rare, those moments, but once they happened John knew he would never in his life forget a night like this. Sitting together with a half-man, half-robot who he had only just met, a fire calmly flickering between them, and drinking tea. Later, because Sherlock had asked if he wanted some and John had said yes, a glass of red wine took the tea's place.
John was still breathing in the wind that struck his face, hoping it may clear his head enough to say something useful. He was sure the look he gave him was one that a man would give a supernova far out on the night's sky – awestruck, marvelling and terrified – and he was so lost for words to describe what he was feeling. There was so much he was seeing in him. So much beauty and hope and
He had not decided yet. All he knew was that, after this first morning shift at the clinic, he was already exhausted and irritated. The thought of taking a cab to go to The Prof now, repeating basically the same procedure of checking, sterilizing, patching up, but with more of the running up and down the halls, listening to girls snapping at each other and possibly seeing Irene Adler again, already had him on edge. But needs must when the devil drives – and in this case, the devil seemed to be John's new employer. Which brought him to his third job for the day: Finding out about the murders around the City of London.
It was a little colder today, but Sherlock wore his long coat, and it wasn't like he would freeze anyway. The streets were crowded, more so than on most days, and on this one in particular. Sherlock and John were standing on the other side of the street, watching the rich and the beautiful enter the big house in their posh evening attire. Long dresses and masked faces were all around them. People were streaming in to become this cluster in front of the entrance doors of The Professor. John had already spotted Lestrade among the crowd, but he was sure Sherlock was able to recognise a variety of other officers in their disguises.
So he doesn't say anything. Instead he is looking at John again, watching him watching the stars, and he takes a deep breath of relief. John hasn't seen his dying chuckle, his swallowed lies. John is nervous and insecure himself tonight, but Sherlock doesn't see that. He just sees a strong soldier having his head held high. A tower of strength, as solid as a rock in the middle of a storm. He isn't able to observe anything, actually, he can only see and all his senses betray him.
Sherlock was already talking to a little man, shorter than John, blonde and anxious. His eyes looked familiar to him, a pair of thin silver glasses making them look bigger and his head smaller. Despite the feeling of finding some familiarity in his face he could say with certainty that he had never seen this person before.
John took one hesitant step before the other and they echoed from the walls. The other man, hands behind his back, turned. John's breath caught in his throat. He'd never thought he would see him again. Never get to appreciate his face again, or the tragic near death experience that struck it in the form of a scar through which beautiful eyes shone and hit John's own.
"Yeah, about that," John started. He had no idea how much time had passed already. Irene Adler could be wondering where he had gone this very moment, get suspicious and look for him. To whatever compromise the two of them would come, it had to be made quickly. "What is it about you now? What happened?"
John was exhausted from all the new faces and being on his feet for so long, not being used to it anymore, but he was still gleaming at her praise. She was too kind to be
Suddenly, Sherlock is so touched and taken aback by what John is describing to him, because he knows exactly what he means, he knows what it feels like to
He can't stand this, he can't comprehend this, and there is no way on earth that he could deserve this.
"Er, hello. My name is John Watson. I have a rather pressing case on my hands, and I'd very much like to talk to Inspector, uh, Lestrade." He kept his chin up to underline the importance of his concern, but after he had nearly gotten the inspector's name wrong, he felt the need to add a quiet, "If possible."
. The word spins round and round all over again before his inner eye and it makes him feel sick. He miscalculated and his instincts have failed him. Like they do these days, whenever John is close to him. He even was selfish enough to insist on John, wanting to get him out of his dull almost-married everyday life to spend time with him. If Sherlock was going to feel bad and horrible for making such a mistake, John is not allowed to feel the same. He deserves to feel better. Otherwise, most of his own suffering would have no use at all.
His body knew the way. Somehow, miraculously, it knew it for him. His head was far away. But he was running out of things to wonder about, things he did not care about.
, because Sherlock doesn't believe in wishes that come true, and even if he did, what would he want to have from some sort of falling star, high up on the horizon? John doesn't have an answer, and that unsettles him, so he tries to hide himself behind a thick brick wall out of sarcasm. This is one of Sherlock's techniques, actually.
John leans back in. He takes his time now, is gentle in his touches and caresses his cheeks. They feel wet, somehow, but Sherlock doesn’t understand why. It’s like the tears are falling naturally.
"You are only a former knight. Why former? Well, first of all, you would not stand before me if you were not, also your clothes are too decent and slightly too formal, probably even too formal for your own liking. You were a solider – a swordsman! Clothing had to be practical rather than decent. Meaning now you have to work as something that would be for the public of higher society, respectable. You were an army doctor, and now you are a doctor still."
Another quick smile. "Ah yes, the courageous knight. Courage is by far the kindest denotation for a fool, is it not?"
John felt sick in the stomach. As silently as he could he pushed the door open and entered the hallway, gun out and raised to the side of his head. He went up the stairs, cursing under his breath as one creaked under his step. It was awfully quiet, and his nerves were tense to the point of breaking. He let the door to the living room fly open with a push, ready to shoot.
" Sherlock exclaimed once he realised what he had said. He cleared his throat, now also taking a seat. "The stage is yours..."
– they began to cut their way through the masses. The excitement going on around them was gruesome, but it was also expected.
Sherlock's hips stutter on their own and his cock slips up John's crack. He makes a whimpering noise in the back of his throat as John's hips move in little circles and he is slowly riding Sherlock through three layers of clothes.
With the heels of his feet he presses into the small of his back and slots their bodies together from chest to groin. Sherlock lets his head fall backwards at the sensation of John's heavy erection against his own strained trousers (that are, by now, just a sticky feeling burden). He expects John to lick along his exposed throat, but is instead surprised as John only sweetly rubs his nose against the underside of his jaw and breathes in.
in the morning, those wonderful mornings where Sherlock has actually slept and still looks all soft and not quite awake. He calls him
Dark, blood-shot eyes, white, wounded skin, digging teeth. In front of him, right in front of him. His heart choked on the shock, his legs lost ground, being pulled down in the dirt so suddenly, with such strength. No escape.
His eyes screamed of desperation as he slowly sank down with him, holding him until they were both on the floor. He pressed his hand over James's to stop the bleeding and watched out of helpless eyes as James tried to breathe through the blood that drowned him.
. His cock, now hard and throbbing and straining against the fabric of thin trousers, was rubbing against John's hot erection again and again as John tried to keep Sherlock from sliding down and falling. It was too slow, not enough friction, not enough everything, but it still felt like he could be ready to burst every moment.
The doorbell rings. He pauses the video and looks around. He doesn't know what he has expected to find. Putting his friend called whiskey on the table, he stands up to go and open the door. The person waiting for him on the other side is … No. No way, no way,
The Chief was blinking in confusion as though he had just woken up from a deep dream, not knowing where he was or why.
"Oh, Sherlock," she sobbed, took his hand now. John and him were connected through her, the air heavy under the weight of truth.
John throws his jacket at the back of his chair in obvious distress. It falls off immediately. He is clearly angry with him, Sherlock has observed the ragged breath and flaring nostrils long ago and drawn his conclusions. He wonders what exactly he’s done wrong to upset him so much. The fact that he (technically not quite) stole a boat or that he managed to fall into the Thames? He himself is just upset about having been forced to sacrifice his woollen coat in order to save himself from drowning. Of course, he owns lots of coats. You never know when an accident like this might occur.
Sherlock grimaces uncomfortably, almost as if disgusted, and clearly annoyed. His head turns slowly in John’s direction, and it seems as though he had just remembered that he is sitting here, too. And living here, for that matter. In the same flat, for quite some time, actually. Moments pass by until he has finally grasped the question, then he gives a look that displays confusion - but this is still Sherlock Holmes he is dealing with, so chances are he is feeling not as much confused as he is feeling offended.
"You're a new one then?" Lestrade asked, then gestured to the cup in his hands, "Want one, too? Looking a bit tired there."
Surely you cannot be that naive. In the military, what do you think people do? Experiments are crucial to gain the upper hand in a battle."
Excitement let the sphere in John's mind glow. It glowed so brightly that he felt nervous and excited, to the point where it was almost overwhelming, when in reality he was just sitting on the edge of his bed in the dark. Not a candle was lit, but he knew what outfit he was going to pick.
"Oh, dreadful business, that," she replied, sounding concerned. "I've always considered museums to be places of peace. Pictures can tell us so much about ourselves, can they not?"
. But it is Sherlock’s muffled groan that echoes through the locker as he tastes John on his tongue and swallows what he has to give.
"How can the right thing feel so wrong? Make you feel like you are fighting for something that is long lost before it can ever be won? That whatever there is left to be won now is not worth any of it at all?"
She laughed at the compliment. At some point they had to part ways. John's flat was close and Mrs Hudson said she was to have dinner with some friends. But she had one more thing to say to him.
Once she turned her head in his direction, she smiled weakly. "Oh yes, dear. Just a little overworked, that is all."
"But if you solved it, why not tell him directly?" He knows Sherlock usually has his reasons, but the words are out before he can stop himself. Sherlock lets out a snort. Avoiding his gaze now again, and mumbling something incomprehensible. "Sorry, what was that?" John asks, still with a disbelieving grin on his face.
"Mary!" The girls shouted out simultaneously, and especially Jane seemed exceedingly relieved. No one could blame her. "Thank God," she murmured.
Sherlock bit his lip, trying to stay professional. Not that John, or their client for that matter, would have him any other way.
"Well, I just thought," started John, but stopped and looked around. There was no one who could hear them.
(A deduction - no, there was nothing to deduce here, and he wouldn't hold it back either - why should he?, he knows John always listens to him being brilliant. Something else then - a comment, no again - an objection, yes, way more likely in this context. But why not say it out loud, why just stare at him instead? Oh, because he doesn't want to hurt John, doesn't want to start an argument. Well, that's very... nice. Unexpected, but nice all the same ...)
"Dr Watson, I must ask you again what you know of the disappearance of my brother. So far I have been nice and civil. Let me assure you that this can change in a blink, and then you will wish back the days of being captured against your will. Now," he closed his eyes for one second, two, and when he opened them again, the false smile returned. He sat down, took a sip from his expensive scotch. It seemed he had given his tension right over to John, who now sat straighter in his chair opposite him. "Tell me of how you met my brother. Your name has only come up recently. This doesn't usually happen. Sherlock did not have many associates. Believe me to know all of them."
"Oh, come on." He takes a look at Rosie. She seems to love stupid cat videos just as much as he does. "I know that one!"
How could it be that, of all the utensils he had with him, the only one he needed to treat Irene's wound with was missing? Someone, or something, did not want him to get this job, he thought. He needed this job. He had never believed in fate, destiny. But he also knew that treating the flu for the rest of his life was not what he was meant to do. He craved, yearned for so much more than that. This job was an opportunity, and something told him not taking it would be his biggest mistake. And that meant curing Irene Adler.
"Oh, you mean your highly secret organisation that fights under the name of something you call justice to feel as if you can keep the world save and protect it from evil? Very heroic, by the way."
, all he can do now is groan and incoherently mumble nonsense into his pillow. John grabs him by his hipbones and it throws him completely off balance, out of control, tongue pushing in further.
John's heart recoiled in his chest and his eyes blew wide at the sound of his name from that man's mouth. He could not be serious, this had to be a joke!
He loosens the already light grip around his hand. Oh God, he took it as a rejection. He's hurt him again.
He turned around in one swift motion, so John could only see the line of strong shoulders and a slim waist, the spine travelling up to the nape at his neck. When he spoke again, it was with regained rationality in his tone and face. "You are most probably not welcome down here,  or you would not lurk about with such caution. No. The question is: What are you doing here? Besides the obvious, of course. You were looking for medicine, led by a foolish idea, but no!"
, so he is still desperate but grateful, and his whole body calms from this little gesture that shows him
John. To feel his muscular thighs between his own, feel his hands run up his back, the back of his neck, into his hair, and down again. Yes, all so perfect. But there is one thought – one annoyingly persistent thought – that just won't stop pulling strings in the back of his mind, bringing him down to earth when he only wants to be in John Heaven.
"The General will send airships to localise their position and send Knight Soldiers from above if they have to. Furthermore, they need as many men capable of holding a firearm on the ground as they can get. That includes all of the attendants in this room. Inspector, your work here is done."
"Shut up," John told him. He probably had, of all of them, the least rational reason to be mad at him right now. Irrationally enough, he still was. "You thought I couldn't manage this on my own, didn't you?"
to have good intentions. Why won't you tell me your name, for instance, if I already know who you are?"
The dark haired, bearded man looked at Lestrade and a sudden and much more primal annoyance (and maybe even vulnerability) changed his tone of voice. "Did you know?"
He has said his name for the third time now, and John realises that his brain is now activily refusing to process anymore. For the moment, it has narrowed down to facts about Atropa belladonna when, in fact, it should finally start to
The sweet nothings John whispers into his ear already have Sherlock rutting against his hand. He knows he has the ability to make Sherlock come on the spot with dirty talk and teasing only. Luckily, this time is not one of those occasions.
He has to think. He cannot remember what he did yesterday. Damn, he can't even remember going to bed at all. Yet, there has been clear evidence of a naked John coming out of this very shower and kissing him awake. And the evidence has not only been under his blanket but under John's thin towel, too.
. But Sherlock had at no point appeared alarming to him. He had saved his life. Done all of that with only one eye. What more could he do with two of them? He held out his palm like a piece of candy, and Sherlock took it from him to put it back in its proper place, above one sharp cheekbone. He blinked a few times and the pupil rolled from left to right until all was as it should be.
He was on his own again. Doing at least part of what he was really good at and made for. He should feel better about it. About having not only one but two jobs. About being needed, wanted. So John was not complaining. Not at all. Stress did not bother him, he worked best in situations where time and matters were pressing, when a problem tightened the grip around his throat. He worked best when he had to choke for air, when the cold huff of death was breathing down his neck, making him shake with adrenaline. No, he was not complaining. It was only the sudden loneliness that got to him now. But loneliness brought with it the confusing realisation that he had not felt this feeling, whatever it was, more than twenty four hours ago. That he actually hadn't felt a lot of things a day ago, and that he had not laughed so much, lit up so brightly, felt his heart swell so much, not in months. And somehow that made it all fine for now.
But his face. His smile of astonishment, of disbelief. His eyes that are darker tonight, darker from black pupils blown over the circles of navy blue. John looks at him as if it they knew each other since forever and would only now see each other for the first time, and as if what he fell in love with would reflect on what he sees just there. It happened all before. The long stares, the ever so overwhelming wonder. Why is he still surprised?
His opponent cocked his head to the side and gave him a look that would have said it all, but he still spoke his mind. "
"Oh and also, Doctor,“ Sherlock said a few minutes later when they made their way out of Speedwells to fall back into the tight grip that reality had on them.
But she interrupted him. "And what have you done all day? You were gone so quickly, it seemed to be very important."
"Then you should have acted like one!" It just broke out of him. John thought he had seen Mycroft flinch ever so slightly at coming face to face with Sherlock's rage.
Then he stood, the buttons of his shirt and waistcoat straining, some trying to hold the piece together. John told himself he wasn't staring. Sherlock turned around and disappeared into the kitchen. Noises filled the flat, and it sounded very much like he was making tea. It could be difficult sometimes, knowing how to feel. Many thoughts were spinning through John's head. Many questions that were accompanying him for quite a while now. But Sherlock was behaving... strangely. He had no other way to put it. The man was always strange but never quite like this.
"Who are you?" she hissed, hissed her words at him like a snake. "You don't belong here. You are an invader, an impudence! You must know that by now, do you not?"
The older Holmes looked over the faces of John, Lestrade, Mrs Hudson, Sally Donovan, Anderson and ... Wiggins? His eyes widened as he saw him. Wiggins waved him.
"Dr John Watson," he said, not really knowing why he found it necessary to mention the title. Although, it did make him feel a little more like a person again.
Lestrade watched him in fascination, almost like he was studying him, having his fist closed in front of his mouth. In his next breath, he huffed a laugh. "My, my, Sherlock Holmes. I have known you to be a great man. But when have you become a good one?"
Was he a prisoner, too? John felt the beginnings of a headache. But maybe it was only the pain from the back of his head that was slowly pushing forward.
It was utterly dark outside by now. Fullmoon was one of the only sources of light that was illuminating the room now, and John was so confused. He had no idea what the time was, but if he didn't want to fall asleep in the clinic again he should probably go home soon. Sooner or later he would have to quit his job at the clinic anyway, but he had the feeling that his new job at The Professor was not one to keep for too long. After all, they were planning to operate against his new employer.
John blinked a few times and then looked away in mild embarrassment. That woman could see right through him. But she gave him another smile, softer this time, and sighed.
Sherlock slid back into his old, controlled self, and in a heartbeat his intense presence became his absence.
They both started giggling. Her smile was the first to fade when she looked down at the newspaper in his hands, and he felt his fingers tightening around the edges protectively. The headline of the article seemed to do something to her, and John would have assumed it was similar to his own reaction. But as her eyes softened and the fine smile on her lips wavered, he knew there had to be more to it.
Its hooves almost crashed into John as they flew through the air, hitting the ground just inches from him. He rolled away in time and onto Moran and then punched him in the face. Moran shoved him off him and kneed him in the stomach. That beat the air right from John's lungs and he held himself, trying to breathe in. But Moran had gotten up and closed his hand around his throat. He forced him up until his feet were barely touching the ground – how tall was the man?! – and John thought his face was turning blue.
He can just barely believe what his eyes are trying to make him understand, he cannot face it, and yet he wants to never look down again. He is feeling so incredibly small.
Sherlock has no idea how to respond to this. He can't remember when he should have done this in the past few months, but damn, he cannot remember anything now and he doesn't know, he doesn't know,
"His original name. You cannot make a name in the undergrounds if you don't fake your death at least once and return."
They were yelling at each other, stumbling over each other in this big mess of words that were leading nowhere.
He adjusted the standing collar of his white shirt to hide the reddening skin, tilted his head to the left and to the right and rolled his shoulders. Taking it all and moving on. Into whatever mad idea the next lunatic would have in mind for him.
It isn’t the first word she has spoken, of course, it isn't. But it is the first that actually hurt him at hearing it. She struggles some more and finally, Sherlock lets her down. She runs towards John (as much as one can call it running at her age) and wraps her tiny arms around his leg. Sherlock watches them, moved and hurting at the same time, takes in John’s almost shocked expression as his own daughter forbids him to go, and that she would reject Sherlock this evidently.
Walking through the hallway again (dressed this time) he saw how Sherlock flung his coat above his head and around his shoulders like he had just set his wings back to his body. He glanced over at John and furrowed his brows for a moment. "Hm. A bit crinkly, but roughly acceptable."
As it happened many times, at the most important of times, John had a gut feeling that they would not like what Irene Adler was about to tell them. As it happened most of the time, he would be right.
Have a great night, or day, Happy Halloween, Merry Christmas, whenever you're reading this, wherever you are, thank you for your attention!
Him in the armchair is the last thing he has wanted to see. It's almost too much. Listening to Sherlock wishing him
"The Woman," he said then, proclaiming that title like the headline of a newspaper's front page. He paused again to let out a sigh. Bringing the conversation back on the track of serious topics.
"I will have to get back to you, Dr Watson. But for now, there is work to do. Feel free to address all of your questions to Mr Wiggins, who will escort you back to your home. You are dismissed."
again after this. But if you'll still have me, John," His eyes linger on him with the intensity of a thousand suns, "I will never leave you again."
Sherlock rose up from his seat in an instant. "Superb! Masks, disguises, mystery – it's just what we need."
"You have never heard of Mr Culverton Smith? Oh, Dr Watson, do you really never read any newspapers?"
She looked after him with a smile filled with hope and worry. Of course, she was perfectly convinced that John Watson was very able to take care of himself – of Sherlock and him both, perhaps – but she couldn't shake off the worrying. Worrying about what was yet to come. Worrying that Sherlock was going to leave them again.
Enough! If this should really be the case, he didn't want to ruin the only chance he will ever get to have with this man.
"Well, I know it's quite hard to believe, but I really only met him yesterday. Before you told me about him, I had never heard of him. So he didn't really...
"Well, you certainly slept long enough and I could even hear your stomach grumbling from the kitchen. You are hungry. Good. Let us go."
"Did you hear that?!" Moriarty yelled into the microphone. John pressed his hands over his ears in pain.
"The hooks are literally just there, man," she pointed out, cocking her head to the side where other jackets were hanging on the wall to John's left, her curls bouncing. "No need to be so difficult about it."
begins, with one psychopath meeting his equal and pulling everyone around him into massive destruction! At this point, there is nothing that tells me all of where we are now did not happen because of you!"
John's turn to look away and smile to himself. Sherlock was too beautiful not to look at, so he was forced to look at anything but him. His thick curls, his eyes that displayed so much to live for, his porcelain skin. The light of the sparkling chandeliers paired with the danger of his smiles allowed him to be sinfully divine.
He led them into another section of the chambers, far more modern and technologically advanced than where they had put John. Behind a large wall made of glass he could see a single man, round and with a face that was not quite right, maybe one eye too crooked or his head too round. Perhaps it was his grin that made John's blood turn colder in his veins.
"Very pleased to meet you." The man poured them two glasses of wine and left the bottle on the table. It looked expensive, and John began to worry a little. He didn't have that much money on him, or rather generally, to pay for expensive.
, he knew. But it didn't have to, he told himself. He could die in battle. Right on the field. Here in the mud. In the dirt. In between shouting knights and horrifying screams, in between so much death that one more wouldn't even strike. He was just scared of what he would become, what an undead life would bring for him as soon as this sharp fangs had sunken into his neck.
John nodded, taking the glass in hand, examining it with half-hearted interest as emerald transformed into a lighter shade of green.
"Now, ask me a real question. Something you are actually interested in knowing of me. And I assure you, there is
Mary walked towards him with one knee buckling, and her dark red coat was hanging around her shoulders like the wings of a blood-soaked, sleeping bird.
Slowly, he rose his head. The General and her men pointed their guns in his direction. Turning around, he saw that Sherlock's gun was pointing at... him.
That's how Sherlock finds himself behind the shower curtain for the second time this morning. His racing brain gained some blood back already, desperately trying to work out what is happening and how and why and that slowly but surely gives Sherlock a headache. The hot water doesn't help, only in making him dizzy and his sight blurry. He lets his body stumble forward a bit, his cheek pressed against the cool tiles and his mouth hanging open.
"Cyberhorses? Really?" Sherlock put his gun hand on his hip in disbelief. "They sure look uncomfortable."
John's luggage did mostly consist of weapons he technically wasn't even allowed to own anymore, (but he did have some connections to people who were capable of concealing a little) and, of course, his medical bag. He was, after all, still a doctor, even if right now he definitely looked like someone who caused terror and flesh wounds himself. He felt like a broken soldier.
John gives him a smile that tells the story of how much he does not want to go out there himself, and he bends down to kiss both of the blushing cheeks.
To think about this again almost hurts a little. That John could think he has done something wrong, something disappointing, something to be sorry for.
John stood before the man had finished but when it came to walking, he was slower. One deep breath, in and out. He was ready. Sherlock was right behind him, but the guard stopped the detective
The smile was washed from John's face in one cold wave of shock. "Wait, what? What did you say? How are we at war? With whom?!"
Suddenly, John had lost all interest in the performance that played on stage, sobered and a little sickened by the way Mary had talked to him. He could feel his blood pressure rising. Not good. His gaze fell upon the paper that was lying innocently at the end of the table.
, that he can only lean into him further and put a kiss to the underside of his jaw to encourage him to go on.
By now, he has stepped out of the shower and he's looking at his own reflection in the mirror. He hears John doing something in the kitchen. (Washing the dishes, maybe? He's too good for this world.) So John still being here must mean that he hasn't just imagined all of this, right? He hasn't gone crazy and his mind hasn't been poisoned due to an excessive drug abuse. And, although the last option is not as easy to dismiss as he'd like it to be, as he looks at himself, the only thing he can see there is the evidence of a very relaxing sleep within the last twelve hours and a pair of well-kissed lips. His skin flushes lightly at this thought.
They came into a hallway with a high ceiling and a white staircase to the left. There were no pictures on the wall, and the only light was coming through the window on the other side of the hall. The next room was huge. Golden arcs were running down from where high ceiling met damask wallpaper, adorned with excessive patterns. A few chandeliers hang from the ceiling in rose gold, halfway burned down candles on top. It absolutely complemented the density of so many different patterns and shapes around the room that there were whole bushes of leaves and flowers around, building a contrast to the thin vases on tables with boquets in them. The mixture of all the different colours and decorations should hurt the eyes more than it did. Curiously enough, it only expressed a very special approach to royalty. John didn't know if he ought to sympathise with any of this or none of it at all.
"No," Sherlock answers softly. "It's quite itchy, actually." They both laugh. And my God, laughing together … The last time feels so long ago, so far away. This here will keep them warm.
"Look at you," he murmured and they both looked down at John's spread fingers. "You ought to be distraught, and yet your body is at absolute ease. You lived for this and lost it. They took it and you don't know what to do."
"And you are not from here. Interesting," the man continued. "But this is not all there is to you, is it?"
Sherlock opened the door. The same back alley as last time. The fog made the prospect of daylight seem almost worthless. But before John could walk out of the door, Sherlock stopped and blocked the exit.
John was not surprised. He had long assumed that Lestrade had to have picked up on it, or that at the very least Molly Hooper must have given him a hint. Yet, as he looked over, he saw that the very great and very good Sherlock Holmes was sitting there with wide eyes and a faint blush travelling up his cheeks. Then he shook his head and smiled.
Their exchanged glanced indicated a far deeper connection between the two of them. Mary showed not one sign of remorse or even concern.
They all took a collective gulp. The lump that had gotten stuck in his throat hurt, but John's head hurt more. He ignored both. He had felt, of course, that there was something wrong with that person formally known to them as Janine, but to this extent … There were simply no words to express this feeling, this hard inner shudder of coldness.
"Mrs Hudson, you're a saint." He put a quick kiss to her forehead, and off he was. Throwing himself into the next command of Sherlock Holmes, taken off by a cab with unknown destination.
They were sitting on the floor as if they had all the time in the world. Sherlock had assured John that he was able to tell when Irene would start searching for him.
Irene got up and ambled through the room until she was by the door. She turned around before she left him with another wink, "James is going to be delighted!"
He did not seem to like his questioning anymore, and a little flare of rage rushed over his face as he loomed over him and his pupils diminished. "You don't have the right to ask about the
It didn't matter. He was holding the weapon close, one eye closed tightly, so he could set his aim with the other. There it was. A clear headshot. He could see it in his mind's eye, having witnessed and performed it countless times already. He could.
John was looking. His eyes had locked with Sherlock's. He was looking back, boring his eyes through him softly and with unintended curiosity that was glued to John's words. He really cared about what John thought of him, didn't he? In a way, that was already the greatest praise.
"So what does the man actually do? What makes him so known, so... so frightening to everyone in this city?"
John likes to pretend he doesn’t like it. His body betrays him in that regard. All the blood his brain could’ve used to apply common sense to this runs south, pooling between his legs where long lovely fingers do what they do so expertly. But it’s not only this alone that makes his flesh harden so quickly, makes his eyes roll back in his head as Sherlock’s fingers hook into the elastic of his waistband. It’s the constant awareness that what they are doing is so scandalous, so forbidden, that creates the bittersweet thrill just beneath his skin, his nerves on alert. His cock springs free, and he feels goosebumps running over the skin of his thighs. What follows now is (
John could only so much as shoot Lestrade an apologetic glance before he hurried to keep up with Sherlock Holmes. The man was a hurricane, always the whirling storm on the run, forcing anyone who came too close to fly away with him if one did not want to be helplessly plucked from the earth.
Looking ahead, the buildings beneath were already throwing large shadows that turned alleys into dangerous places. He could see the House of Parliament from here, the Clock Tower and farther in the distance lay Buckingham Palace. He had looked in that direction several times. The place Sholto had died. If not for their victory, then what the hell had it all been for?
John thinks he has finally found what he was searching for, but realises too late that he is not alone within the dark halls of the basement. There seems to be no way to escape what he is forced to face, and it will not only change his path, not only his perception of the world around him, but perhaps the story of a stolen heart can change his heart as well.
John, who apparently must have noticed his anxiety, finally gets the meaning of the look on Sherlock's face that tells him he is close to losing him and he will be drawn apart by the depths of his mind if he doesn't get him back to earth within the next minute.
John nodded, and soon enough they were on their way to leave this odd basement behind to walk up a dark and narrow staircase. John began to wonder how deep under the ground they were, and felt the beginnings of that same uneasiness from before lurk over his shoulder. He didn't like dark and he didn't like narrow. Fortunately, in that moment a door opened before them, and they were finding themselves in some London alley cast in the last bits of sunlight and the luminous glow of street lamps.
He took a look around and counted. There was Sally Donovan next to Lestrade, Anderson and Mrs Hudson, Bill Wiggins in the corner. That made it three people missing. Janine and yes, Molly Hooper and...
"Ah, you must know her already, I presume?" Sherlock asked in an unimpressed manner and turned towards John.
Sherlock's hands were so hesitant but he could not stop touching John. Touching his cheeks and running fingers through his hair and pulling back again. Like a child seeing everything for the very first time.
Sherlock neither took his eyes off her (oh, the twinge returned), nor did he move at all as her hand brushed his face and her lips pressed a peck to his cheek. "Glad to have you back in the game, Sherl," she whispered, and her voice had never sounded so lovely. John found himself liking her less than ever before.
"Should anything go colossally wrong, which I doubt, I will interfere before you can be put into a situation of inescapable danger."
blind) but won't acknowledge him as a human being, won't consider that other parts of him could also have the ability to shine. For a long time he wouldn't have believed in such outrageous assertions, either. He was the brain, he has
John's heart skipped a beat when the man stepped even closer, driving him back to the other end of the room. With his hands still behind his back, he eyed him from head to toe and started circling him as if the air around John was his orbit and he the earth to John's burning sun. John clenched his fists and sniffed. His instincts warned him of the threat he could be tempted to fight. Of this person looming over him and shifting his weight playfully from the one to the other foot as he was wandering around.
"And here I thought he could get some sense into him," she was heard, murmuring to herself before she left the room.
that John thought. It was strange because he wished that people would understand, but they did not. He really thought he was behaving obviously possessive or in awe or, well,
Shelves and shelves, filled with jars and jars, contents of indefinable and unsettling nature. Snakes, spiders, maggots – dead and alive. Eyes, fingernails, skulls of animals – sometimes of humans! But after a few minutes he thought he had finally found something that could be useful to him. There was an Erlenmeyer flask, sealed with a cork and unlabelled, but the liquid within looked suspiciously familiar in colour. He was just about to reach out and smell it when something in the room started to move.
Sherlock stops moving for a moment and then an overwhelming shudder flashes through his whole body, and suddenly he feels every muscle in his thighs clench, he feels the beginnings of an orgasm starting to take over him. His strokes are quick and utterly out of control, only serve to finally get him over the edge, and his knees buckle enormously. He starts to move the finger that is still inside of him around just a little, but it is enough to wash over his vision and his lids are pressed together before he opens them, only to see that the world around him is flooded and his whole body lights up to become numb. He can only distantly hear himself shout out
Now that everyone knew what to do, had their tasks to stick with, they would be updating everyone on their next meeting. Well, provided that there were no emergencies calling for immediate attention. Lestrade and Donovan nodded their goodbyes before heading back up, and everyone else just busied themselves around the room, making John feel once again invisible. He was beginning to feel a little lost, more or less waiting for Sherlock to tell him what they would do next. Like a loyal knight waiting for his command. Soon enough he felt ridiculous. This wasn't the knighthood and Sherlock wasn't his commander. In the city there was of course a similar thing with titles, but John doubted that with this curious group of people this should be the case.
Lestrade's head turned sharply from John to Sherlock, surprised that John would have to ask about Tom's tragic fate, that Sherlock would not tell him what happened. It had gone very quiet as none of them dared to raise their heads or voices, afraid to disrespect those who had passed away.
John chuckled silently, looking at his hands. Everything his pair of hands had done for this man already. He could finally feel them again. The hands of a fighter, the hands that were his own. And once more he asked himself how it must feel to be trapped in a body that looked like you but did not belong and never would be you. John needed to free him. One more time.
"Tea?" she asked, having already brought the tray and the hot brew, and she pattered into the kitchen.
"Yes, the ball I've mentioned. Yes." Keeping up wasn't as easy as he made it sound. But the cab stopped abruptly before he was given more time to think, and shoved John closer to the edge of his seat from the impact.
, calling out his name, and as he opened his eyes he saw himself. Saw the sand soaking up his own blood. Saw the red paint glistening in the sunlight, covering his left shoulder in it and replacing skin with bare flesh. He had been shot in Afghanistan, wounded to an extent that would forever change him. Shot, yes, and then the fever came and the freezing came, and it came all at once and felt like dying twice over and over and oh God-
"Oh no, I didn't- I've only met him," John started explaining and reflecting for himself as he thought about how long he knew that man, "...yesterday." He felt like it could have been months.
He cannot bring himself to say it out loud. Hell, he can barely even think it. And it was so obvious that they were going to get engaged – with dull, boring engagement rings and champagne – but Sherlock was actually looking forward to it for a while. He could organise it. He could compose for it. He could celebrate losing John forever, like the bloody drama queen he would never admit he is. He could dance. Teaching John how to dance, holding him. Being held.
John lets out an equal moan of approval and his thrusts grow faster and harder. Sherlock struggles to roll his hips in tune with those thrusts, a flame rising and flickering, telling him that he is closer, closer,
As they start moving together, again push and pull, up and down, rutting back and forth, it can't even be called kissing anymore. They both have their eyes closed in pleasure, mouths hanging open and are just moaning against each other. Occasionally (but eventually always) coming back to each other, tongues twirling, and orgasmic noises are joined by the sounds of wet suction.
," John reads out loud, as his finger underlines the words of the black and white book cover, which shows honeycombs and beehives, drawn in detail and accentuated through flowers highlighted in yellow. "
He realised that he was still running. Stopping abruptly and taking a proper look around, he found that his body had carried him, entirely by itself, to the street opposite the building with the green sign and the golden letters.
"Good. I want you to go there after work. Just ask for an Inspector Graham Lestrade at the reception. He will see to you if he is not too busy." Sherlock frowned and seemed to think something over for a second, and when his gaze shifted to him again there was the tiniest of smiles playing around his lips. "He will see to you."
The elder Holmes narrowed his eyes on him, but John continued. "Sibling rivalry. Why does that not surprise me?"
Sherlock does notice that John has stopped focussing on him, and that he instead keeps his gaze up to the dark blue, the dim clouded sky of the night. Maybe he is watching stars, or something else he himself doesn't know anything about. Although this is not quite true.
John's gaze is open and he smiles up at him. Sherlock is so lost in this dark blue eyes of his, shining and sparkling ridiculously beautiful, reflecting the light of the stars. He tries to focus on the evenly dark sky again, because intense staring at each other in an alley by night is not something John would embrace, he thinks. But the sky, yes, it is almost as fascinating. He has never felt all this: all this freedom. Never has he been truly free, and he knows he isn't now. He is a complete prisoner in his own head, which has him under its full, brutal control at all times. But right now, it is freedom.
The ride in the cab felt oddly quiet. London that was passing by to the clattering rhythm of horseshoes. For the first time in the last twenty-four hours, he felt somewhat calm. Yet, there was still an itch in his fingers.
The heat is getting to his head, getting too much, too much like a prison capturing him within hot steam and fire rain. He needs to cool down. But even his attempts to turn down the warm temperature appears to not be helpful in the slightest. The lukewarm water feels like ice dropping down on him from spikes up on the highest mountains, and as much as this thought distracts him for maybe two seconds, his body already starts shivering.
Sherlock fills his lungs with a deep breath and shakes his head. He isn't that person anymore. And why is that? Because one day a doctor, far more dangerous than his title would allow him to be, sent home from an invaded war zone, soldier, healer, has come into his life and
The noises in the kitchen did not stop, and Sherlock was crying out his response over the whistling of the kettle.
John sighed. Yes, there were so many questions spinning around in his head. But he needed time to sort them out, to figure out how to ask them. And he needed Sherlock to give him the answers. Always Sherlock. The only one he knew he could trust in this.
It didn't take him long to examine the injury. Focused on the foot beneath his hands, he began to explain his findings out loud: "Yes. Sprained ankle. Thought so. A very common type of sprain, inversion. It's a good thing you had the sense to come here so quickly. The foot is a little swollen already. Probably causes pain along the outer side of the ankle, but it doesn't strike me to be all too bad an injury."
Sherlock decides not to answer, because he doesn't know how, and to just let his head sink down to be held by John's shoulder. John immediately slides his fingers into his curls, and with short nails he strokes his sensitive scalp. Sherlock can hold himself back before he would start purring like a cat. They stay in this position for a while, his boyfriend (
, once you stop working on your own. When there are people who rely on you, trusting you to rely on them and so on."
"Secondly," he continued, offering John to take a seat with a swift motion of his hand. "You can tell your little
"I learned that he was just as fascinated by the thought of overcoming death as I was. It can leave marks as fatal as this, losing someone. It can lead to a road of madness and obsession. But I refused to acknowledge those signs for the sake of what we were working towards. This changed after Victor. Victor Trevor and I knew each other for quite some time already. You could say he was the only friend I had during my years in university. I trusted him. So I decided to let him in on our work. If only I had known that I would seal his fate that day.
Just as he realises that he has never touched John's hair before, but has always wanted to, and that he has never been kissed anything like this before, and never knew he could miss what he has never even dared himself to feel before.
Magnussen swallowed. They passed by more dark hallways, not knowing what would await them in the shadows. He would have ignored the lingering flickers in the corner of his eyes for his sanity's sake, for keeping his head together and by Magnussen's side, who led the way under John's command. He would have ignored everything that was not the stonepath beneath his feet, had there not been a brighter kind of flicker, a light which caught his eye and would not let go of it. As though controlled by a stranger's force, he did not walk forward – he went left. He didn't know why, nor how, but there was a giant glass tank in the middle of an otherwise dark room, illuminating the walls and the floor around it. Thick cables were lying around it like hairs coming out of a monster's head. The glass tank was not empty. There was a person floating inside of it. Looking like a drowned man, like a peacefully sleeping creature, like a mermaid with human legs, floated Sherlock Holmes.
"For not respecting marked territory, John!" He abruptly stands up from his chair, like the restless genius with the long legs that he is, and turns his back to him to first walk up and down, then stop by the window frame.
"I want to thank all of you for your attendance." There was a pause filled with a sick kind of a silent threat. It was meant for them, somehow John knew it was meant for them, and he felt Moriarty's eyes seeing right through them, even with their backs turned to him.
He doesn’t want to hold back anything, but they are in an office of bloody New Scotland Yard, for Christ’s sake! Sherlock’s head bobs back and forth over John’s throbbing cock. He looks down to see him there, swallowing between his thighs, and isn’t he everything he could’ve wished for? With the dark curls of a forest prince, the concentrated expression that makes that little wrinkle on the bridge of his nose appear, and those plum lips, pink cupid’s bow that he would die for.
Sherlock doesn't quite dare to drop his gaze yet a little lower now, it's way too much data already and he can't remember ever having been so confused by something so simple. And he hasn't even asked the important questions yet. What is John doing in his bedroom? Why is he naked and wet? (Shower. Shower!) Why is
Suddenly, Sherlock was leaning into his space, his hand touching John's forearm and his lips brushing his ear. "Could be dangerous," he whispered, no hot breath felt but just a general heat coming off him instead.
As she clarified, John saw red flags waving in his head. Why was Mrs Hudson so calm about this? Didn't she suspect anything bad to emerge from this?
John could only grow fonder of her. He cleared his throat. "What makes you so sure then, that he will not come back? You did say that he sometimes leaves whenever he pleases. Could an extraordinary man like that not just go on a long vacation without saying a word about it?"
John half-rolled his eyes. Of course he has a bloody chef coming in at Eight o' clock in the morning.
"Sherlock- remember, I'm helping you. And I promise," she lowered her voice, gently, "I promise that I will make your hurt gone after this. I promise."
His parents were talking in the front seats, banal everyday chatter that Sherlock was happy to let it flow over his head.
"Okay, then. Why are you here?" John asked, finally. He then noticed that Sherlock wasn't wet. His curls were, although the air was slightly humid, perfectly calm. John then also saw that Sherlock has been holding a big umbrella in his right hand, which had created a small puddle underneath.
The place was even more hideous than John remembered. It was more than obvious that no management was being done in this area; the little yard of grass was so dense with nameless weeds and the wall was worn off, divested of a single patch of decent paint - it looked abandoned. There were piles of cigarette butts and a couple of small syringes - John made sure not to step on it - with a few wrappers and various kinds of trash all scattered over the little concrete ground that they had right near the wall. It was the only place that they could stand on without having to step on the grass.
"Oh my god," said John, feeling little drops of tears welling up near his eyes. "You absolute lunatic. When did you even- I can't believe you."
The flat was silent, with nobody making a sound. And for all of it, John was staring at Sherlock with a glance that terrified Sherlock because of what it could mean.
) and he relaxed his body, realizing that he was in no imminent danger. This stranger was clearly not a threat. He was, indeed, a brilliant combatant, but by no means a criminal.
Because Irene was not really curious and John knew this, the two of them went back to their own thoughts, quiet absent the noise that came out from the telly that Bill was watching.
"Er- oh, well, welcome," he stammered. It was the first time the boy didn't deflect or look away from his compliments, and something in John's stomach flipped itself over at the look Sherlock was giving John right now.
Mycroft nodded. He still looked perfectly impenetrable, and John wondered if he's a jerk for being relieved at Mycroft looking unhurt.
"Oh my. You do think fast for a human, don't you?" She crooned, as if she was speaking to a baby. "Don't worry about your gun. Now, I know that I get to sit over there if I'm a client." She pointed at the seat near the two armchairs in the sitting room. "May I?"
"Sherlock, I..." Watching this, John stopped, and looked down to his feet. He looked small. Sherlock wanted to hug him, but he couldn't, because his heart was all torn apart, manifested for an exhibition, to the one person he had to guard it against the most. All of the purposefully placed hands that avoided the intimate places, the painstakingly feigned emotions on his face whenever he caught John watching him, all the sighs and the insults that he had to make up - all that, just to protect his frail little heart.
John thought she'd be just perfect for the job, and told her so. She thanked him with a kiss on his cheek.
John wasn't even going to ask him how he'd known that. Instead, he sighed and admitted defeat. "I don't know. I guess I'll just wait. Maybe one of my mates will see me and rescue me."
Even before the jacket was off completely, Sherlock wrangled it from John's body impatiently and shoved him his coat.
"Then there's the run, the chase. Doing it with someone else, it was something really different, was it? And then John giggles, and it's so clear that he enjoyed it as much as you did, and oh, Sherlock, my heart breaks. Really? There hadn't been a single person who enjoyed what you enjoyed, before John?"
What was it about this boy that made the psychopathic assassin slip, only for a kiss? What was it, that made her confident that she'd made the right choice?
"I am going to climb this-" said Sherlock, pointing at the pipe stuck on the wall. It was rusty and slim. "And you are going to help me. I need to get into that window."
Sherlock's long leave was over, and he was back in his father's car to Eton. Except for the "talk" his mother has given him after the incident at London (
He had no idea what it was that went shuddering through his body as he watched his own reflection at the window.
"He was murdered, and I was sure of it. But nobody believed me, and I was the clown of the whole school for years. A murderer was set free because people, including you, mummy, did not believe me. Are you really going to make the same mistake again? This time, it's not one annoying swimmer boy, but three adults in less than a month. The murderer is escalating, and he will
John didn't resist and immediately silenced himself. Sherlock seemed like he was listening to something.
"I suppose not. There's a reason I chose you to go last." Sherlock remarked dryly, collecting the rope back.
Mycroft glanced once at Sherlock, his face unimpressed, and then walked away without saying anything else. Sherlock hadn't expected anything else.
John moved his legs again, sliding against Mycroft's inner calf. The suit felt nice on his bare legs.
Ah. So this was indeed an escaped psychiatric patient. And she thinks that she is borrowing someone else's body. Sherlock gave a mental headcount of the closest psychiatric hospitals and tried to guess which one she had managed to escape from. But if she was indeed a runaway, how could she be wearing normal clothes and leave chalk powders on her sleeves?
Oh, that was so more exciting than his eight-hundred page textbook on biochemistry. Even if all John gets to do is to show his ID and stand next to Sherlock like an idiot.
He then started to take his jacket off, and handed it back to John. John, seeing this, donned his suit jacket off - it was getting uncomfortably tight on his shoulders, so thank god - and exchanged it with his own clothes. Sherlock zipped open John's backpack that he's been carrying and took his coat out.
Sherlock had noticed that John's typing speed was unbearably slow. Probably the mixture of an advanced phone and an almost-ludditeness of John. At least he didn't use any insipid abbreviations that the younger generation of the texting population seemingly invested themselves into these days. He waited, patiently, as he drummed his fingers against his thigh, waiting for John's response. The air in the car has become surprisingly lighter, and his mood suddenly lifted. The dread that filled his stomach knowing that the car was heading straight to his parents - it vanished altogether.
"Speaking of your man, John. I haven't seen him this week," said Irene, still adopting her sensual voice. John hated it.
said John, because usually, after sex, Mycroft didn't waste time before cleaning himself up and going straight to bed.
He had 9 a.m. class, first of all, which was bad in itself, but he could endure it. Mike took it with him and they always watched out for each other in case one of them were late and needed notes. This time, it was Mike who overslept, and John gave him his notes with a good-natured slap on his back. It didn't mean that John wasn't tired, though. After the 9 a.m. Chemistry lecture, John had practice sessions with one of the OBGYN professors, and boy, did he see some stuff. Although he was bisexual and he was sure of it, he felt like he'd just stick with men after one of those classes. But all of that wasn't too big of a deal in the daily life of a med student.
? Humans are always so reliant on their science, or whatever they call it. Here I am, showing them an exception to all "science" practically in their face and they still think the same- how easy to make you creatures feel settled, feel like you've got this, like you're the master of this world-"
Sex with Mycroft was a curious thing. Outside of bed, Mycroft moved as if his three-piece suit was tattooed onto his body. He was prim and proper even when he was in his own house. When he was at bed, the mannerisms were still there, and he was still controlling of every single thing like always, but there was a tiny bit of wiggle room in his impenetrable charisma, a tiny bit of a
Something in the way the client said it was wrong. Someone that lackluster, someone who lived such a mundane life and was happy about it should have said something the line of-
"... and you, darling. Try to get a present for Mycroft this year." His mother turned back in her seat to look at Sherlock, all of a sudden.
"Someone you could never, in a million years, figure out. Because he was exactly like you, but you could never face yourself. An addict with a heart."
What really bummed him out was when a stranger knocked the coffee cup out of his hand and effectively ruined the good shirt he'd put on. It was some partied-out student wandering around who didn't even apologize, and John was too busy making sure he wasn't burned that he couldn't go after the drunk with a demand for his laundry bills. When he finally made sure that the only damage done was to his brand-new button down, the stranger was long gone, leaving only heaps of exhausted, undistinguishable students in John's sight.
"Yes, John. Stop repeating what I say and just listen. We are being followed by someone who can control any CCTV in London. This is the only place in the vicinity that was safe from the cameras." Sherlock explained, gesturing around him. It wasn't surprising; it looked like the whole school had forgotten that such place existed, save for some students who came to smoke. "We don't have much time, though, before they eventually realize where we've went and ambush here."
And that was the end of their conversation; Mycroft turned the light off, bid John goodnight, and went to sleep.
"One of its legs is about to snap. See there? There's a fracture." John pointed at where it cracked.
"We rarely have guests over, and whenever we do, we receive notice beforehand. Mummy and father hate unannounced guests and so they make sure of it. They most certainly haven't been expecting someone like you. You weren't breaking in, however. You were having tea, of all things. Hardly the behavior of a break-in. Mycroft and Sherrinford never, and I mean
When Mycroft saw Mary in the interrogation room through the one-way mirror, she didn't look resentful like he thought she would.
He's been dating Mycroft for more than three months now. Well, as long as someone can call occasional dinners and sex "dating." He really didn't know much about Mycroft's life, and if he will be willing to pick John up in the middle of the day. He knew that Mycroft was rich, and that he was working for the government, but that was pretty much it. Over dinner, Mycroft always wanted to talk about John and not himself, and John obliged, because he didn't mind. He didn't mind that they were casual, and that Mycroft kept his distance between them. John didn't have time for something more serious, anyways.
Her mother widened her eyes, surprised that Sherlock was showing interest. "Why, yes. We didn't think you'd care, dear."
He yawned. He had class today, so he had to move soon. And damn, Mycroft's bedsheet was silky and smooth. He could rub his bare thighs against it all day long if he could.
"I don't know. We don't talk about that stuff. We meet once or twice a week and have sex. That's it."
"I can't believe you," muttered John to Irene. She blew him a kiss, whispered "you know I love you," and went back to her broccoli.
"Lovely!" Mummy exclaimed. "Though, not Oxford? Mycroft can surely do something if you decide to follow his steps there."
But it was all too different with Sherlock. Her youngest child was the odd duckling of the three. He was reckless, he hated the idea of authority, and he never had a regard for his own well-being. In fact, it looked like he was interested in anything that could be harmful to himself. He was fascinated with dangerous items, including swords, poisons, and explosives; when Sherlock was ten, his favourite pastime activity after school was collecting pollen from poisonous flowers and making a catalogue out of them. One day, she caught him seconds before Sherlock was diving into a pile of monkshood with his bare hands, his little eyes glistening with wild fascination. It was a day she will not be able to forget until the day she dies.
John padded over and sat across Mycroft, who went back to his plate. English breakfast was John's favourite.
Sharon ignored him. "Let me just go through this room, there's just so much treasure left. Oh, ooh, what can I see... well, this is just precious. He shot the cabbie."
For the next few minutes, John helped Sherlock step on his shoulders and then his backpack. The boy was surprisingly heavy, despite being scrawny on the outside. John managed it without much difficulty, however, because Sherlock distributed his weight well between John and the rusty pipe. John understood why he wore those gloves before climbing.
Of the several months they've been doing this, Mycroft was never there when John woke up. John supposed it was one of Mycroft's ways of dealing with his sexual partners, or that Mycroft was always busy in the mornings. So it was quite unusual to see Mycroft, in his three-piece suit, of course, sitting on the stool near the breakfast island, nonchalant.
"Afghanistan or Iraq? Not a bad pick-up line, Sherlock. You sized him up from the start, didn't you? Why could nobody figure out the reason you became so enthusiastic to have a stranger as your flatmate? You, of all people, shouting your address with a wink, and nobody thinks it bizarre? Even before John showered you with praise, you were actually infatuated with the ex-army doctor, from the very first sight. From the moment you lay your eyes on him, you were drawn to him. You knew Stamford didn't have his phone with him. You knew the good doctor would lend you his phone. You wanted to
Mrs. Hudson left, leaving the three of them in the spacious dining room. Sherlock poked at the burgundy mush in front of him. Mush. Soft and melts instantly once chewed. Coq au vin suffered from a similar problem of being mushy. Sherlock preferred Italian. Or Thai, or Indian, though he rarely had the chance to try them. Something that is stronger with spice, something that has a bit more texture. Sherlock knew that the gastronomes around the world would faint at what he thought of French cuisine. Food was never his area of expertise, so he couldn't care less.
John looked like the happiest man in the world. He kissed Sherlock once more and let him go to gather his things and assemble food and items for Rosie when Mrs. Hudson arrives.
"Because it makes it stop. The pain of your death, it makes it stop for a little while, only a short while."
“Rest, my dear Watson, is for the feeble-minded, those who don’t have enough stimulant in their head to stay awake. But, seeing as though I do not want a fight, I shall retire to my room for the night.”
Moriarty’s voice was dripping with sarcasm. Sherlock’s eyes narrowed as he was reminded of the harsh memories that are associated with his earlier years.
The look on your face, oh you tried so hard, Sherlock, but you couldn’t hide it, not that time. You were devastated. I didn’t know how else to react, Sherlock, so I did the only thing that I could and wrapped you in the tightest embrace I could muster. You didn’t respond to my touch, but I didn’t care, I just wanted you to know that I was there for you, always.
Sherlock huffed, but then crawled under the blankets with Kylie. He patted the empty side of the bed.
He didn't respond. Molly looked down at her lap for a while before attempting another conversation. John wanted to go home already. It was a mistake, he knew it was.
Holmes swallowed hard and restricted his volume and tone of voice very carefully. He was having trouble doing that much.
I could feel the smile on my face widening as I started to tell you. There was always the underlying satisfaction of knowing something before you did.
Sherlock's smile grew. John could never get enough of the detective's grins. He rarely did it, but when he did, it was one of the greatest things John has ever seen. Sherlock's curls were tickling John's forehead, but he didn't mind it one bit. John's firm grip of Sherlock's bum tightened, causing Sherlock to move closer to John.
The first half of the night was pleasant for the two. John returned to the flat, with Kylie's hand in his, and a carton of ice cream in the other. At first she wanted chocolate, but then she wanted the chocolate chip cookie dough, but she finally settled on fudge brownie. John made her promise that she would brush her teeth as soon as she was finished with her bowl, the last thing he needed was to take her to the dentist because he failed to tell her to protect her teeth. They sat at the table and ate their fill, John wasn't a big fan of chocolate on top of more chocolate, but he didn't want to make her feel bad. He initiated the conversation, he spoke to her about her classwork, and if she found any of the work challenging. He wasn't surprised to hear her say no. He smiled and wiped a stray hair from out of her face while she ate. She was such a beautiful girl. He loved her so much, but he loved Sherlock too. He wanted to tell Kylie that he loved her, he wanted to take her out on those daddy-daughter dates that everyone was so keen on doing. He wanted to be her father, but he was still Sherlock's husband. He took another spoonful of the ice cream. Kylie already finished, she was patiently waiting for John to be done as well so that they could commence their movie night. John wanted to show her some of his Bond movies, she agreed but only under the condition that he watched Lady and the Tramp, and her absolute favorite, Peter Pan. He smiled and nodded. She had a deal.
I realized that day, that everything irritated me. The flip of the newspaper page, the sound of the telly in the background, even the random noises heard outside. Everything was irksome to me. Kylie was blessedly quiet that day; I guess she found out that sleep is actually nice. Mrs. Hudson busied herself with cleaning every inch in her flat; I heard the sounds of her humming and the occasional dish being set in place, as well as her hoovering. You were abnormally quiet. I watched with careful eyes as you moped around the flat, you were dreading the day, Sherlock, and I know you were. We had to do it, we wanted you to be okay, remember? I wanted you to be healthy again so that we could live together for as long as time would allow us.
Sherlock's mouth was moving, he knew that much, but no voice, no words, ever left it. He eventually gave up in trying to speak and then simply nodded. John was beaming now. With each nod, Sherlock felt his eyes get watery, sentiment, he thought. He wanted to speak, but now if he did, he knew he would start crying and Sherlock Holmes wasn't going to cry. John already sucked him into feeling for another person, and having them consume your entire life and disobey every cold reasoning of emotion that which you hold dear, and has even gotten him in the sack more than once. He was very happy that John was proposing to him, and he wanted to express it in every way that he can, except for crying. But when John opened the box, it revealed his dog tags from when he was in the army. They were recently polished, but they weren't new, the chips and tiny dents in the medals made that abundantly clear. John took them out of the box and then placed on Sherlock's neck, as if he were a king in a coronation.
She closed the door. John’s self-hatred grew. He let Sherlock grieve alone, Sherlock had nobody to talk to, of course he left; he didn’t have any reason to stay any longer. Everybody left him, John especially. She returned with the little post-it note with the address on it.
John always found the flat lonely whenever Kylie went off to school. He could always go to Ella, he supposed, he wasn't going to go to her office. He wasn't in the mood to be interrogated. Then he realized that this wouldn't be an issue if he had a job, but who was he kidding, he was never going to go. He sighed and then walked into the living room. He took a seat in his armchair and stared at the blank telly. This was the first time John looked at his reflection for an extended amount of time. He grimaced, he looked at the stubble on his chin, and on his cheeks. He ran his hand across his left cheek. His hair hadn't been brushed or combed for at least a few days, on the occasion that John did go outside, he would only run his fingers through his hair and deem it fit for society. He sighed, Sherlock would have tore him apart for going outside like that, of course, he would secretly be turned on by John's growing beard. John looked over at the kitchen. The dishes could use a washing. He moved his legs to get up, but his body felt heavy, he couldn't move from his chair. He sat back and bent over so that his elbows were resting on his thighs, and his hands were covering his eyes. The pressure he applied to his eyes were starting to hurt, but he wasn't doing anything to stop the pain. The dishes needed to be washed, his hair needed to be done, he needed a shave, he needed company.
"I've known you since you were a newborn, I've even watched you a few times while your parents were...while they were out."
Sherlock sent the clapping and confetti emoji and set his phone down. He always liked it when he got his way.
But you did. You…you…you…left…me later that week. I had you….oh god….I had you in my arms that day. You looked so peaceful…and I remember…..I remember….I kissed you…..and then I told you that I loved you very much…..I do Sherlock….God I love you so much….”
to Sherlock, whenever he did something, if he reads this I will never hear the end of it, clueless. There are moments where I catch him doing something a bit not good, like messing with my jumpers when I had literally not even five minutes ago told him not to, and the occasional wrecking of our dishes and silverware with his experiments. It pisses me off at times, that’s a pretty reasonable reaction, but I don’t shout at him. I just ask him what it is he’s doing, and he’ll tell me, I’ll just cross my arms and tell him that he should have asked me. That’s all, and yet he looks so surprised that I didn’t lash out. I don’t do it to infantilize him, because he’s a grown man and he is fully capable of rationalizing and taking care of himself, there was a time before he knew me. Part of me thought that he was doing these things to force me out of the flat, so I asked him about that and all he said was,
“Holmes! I would prefer it if you kept your macabre thoughts to yourself! Show some respect, this is the dead you speak of!”
Sherlock's head was still slumped down and his body was limp. It felt like Sherlock was trying to wake up, trying to respond to Holmes, but he just couldn't bring himself to do it. Whatever they were drugged with did its job. This also means that the person or people that captured them knew of botany, not a lot, but just enough to learn of the poisons. Whoever they were dealing with was a force to be reckoned. This was no average person. They thought this out very carefully, everything seemed too calm. Usually this is the part where the goons would come in and beat Holmes up for trying to escape, but there was nothing. The only other person that he has seen is Sherlock. But as he was fighting to be free, there was that passion in him that drove him, the passion and the fear of Watson's health. Holmes grew angry at the thought of anybody hurting Watson. Not him.
Sherlock and John were nestled in their bed together, sleeping. The sun wasn't quite out at the time, but it poked out enough to shine, the sunlight hit their bedroom window and beamed right in John's face. Sherlock had his face buried in John's back so he was unaffected by the harsh light. He groaned and pulled the blanket over his face, but all that did was make Sherlock stir around and moan as John tried to shield himself from the light and get a few more minutes of sleep since this was one of the few days he had no work and Sherlock wasn't on a case. He had to pull the blanket back down because Sherlock was starting to wake up, and he didn't want that. Sherlock just solved a case last night, and he hasn't slept at all during the full week it lasted, John practically forced him to sleep.
I wanted to kiss you, to feel your soft skin pressed against mine, but you wouldn’t allow me so I decided to go to sleep. It was cold that night, Sherlock, I think it was because we’ve gotten used to embracing each other, and when we were separated we didn’t know what to do with ourselves. I fought the urge to roll over and wrap my arms around your back many times, Sherlock. I let you handle your emotions because I knew you weren’t well-equipped when it came to that. I felt that this was all a dream, and that I would wake up and everything would be different, that everything will be better.
"It's not that I don't trust you, Sherlock, it's just the fact that...you know, maybe I'm not as willing to be trapped in a box with a man who looks like he's had some trips to the loony bin, is all."
While John, Watson, and The Doctor scoured the halls for them, Sherlock and Holmes were still tied to their chairs. Holmes has been trying to deduce every item in that room in hopes that it would get him and Sherlock out unharmed. Since the lighting was so poor, Holmes could barely make out anything that wasn't next to, or near the lamp. Every so often he would check to see if Sherlock was awake, but each time he looked, Sherlock was still out cold. He would give small jerks and make small noises here and there, but he never fully gained consciousness yet.
“I’ve had flatmates before you, but they never lasted more than a month. They never said goodbye either. They pack while I’m out or asleep. If you were to leave too, I think you would be my last attempt at finding a flatmate.”
His mouth opened up. Good start, he thought. Sherlock uncrossed his arms and pushed himself off of the counter. He was awaiting John's response which was the same thing John was doing too.
The door opened to reveal Greg. He was dressed in one of his finest tuxedos, Mycroft came in after him. Sherlock smirked.
‘I’ve thought about it, for a long while. Don’t get me wrong, I want a baby, just…not right now, not like this.’ She told me as if we’ve known each other for years. As young as she was, and from parents who neglect her, all she needed was someone to talk to.
"Last one for tonight. Sorry mate, gotta pay the bills somehow, and I'm not about to lose this job so that you can get pissed."
I asked him, you know. I asked him why he didn’t come over to check on you, why he couldn’t spare one moment to come over and make sure that you were okay.
John shrugged. He didn't want to answer the question, he didn't know what to say to her. He could have said that she will never see her uncle again, but that would only upset her, he could lie and say tomorrow, but he didn't want to get her hopes up. He only offered a smirk and patted her head.
"Get some rest," The Doctor advised, "You won't be any use to him if you can barely stay awake you know, shame on you, I thought they taught you this in medical school."
'I have, and I've been told that I'm to start chemotherapy.' You said without even looking up at him. Your eyes were closed. He looked disappointed, if that's even the right word for the way he looked. I don't know why he couldn't just tell you that he was worried about you, why he had to create a bigger rift between the two of you. It was apparent that he loved you, Sherlock, he only needed to say it.
Sherlock's eyebrow rose. He didn't know how to respond, he never expected that John would just come right out and say it like that, what was he supposed to say? He couldn't even form a word. John let go of Sherlock's arms and opened the nightstand drawer that was next to the bed. Out came a long box with the initials, "J.W." carved into it.
“The worst part of it all was that I deduced the pregnancy. I thought that maybe I could fit into the circle some way, somehow, but it was closed off to me because you were going to have a child. You weren’t going to need me anymore, but I still needed you.”
You eventually walked into the room with the bottle in your hand. Not to my surprise, it was warm and looked a lot better than what I would have done. You looked somewhat surprised with yourself too. I took it, and gave you a quick thank you before positioning Kylie to feed her. You gave a quick twitch of the corner of your mouth and then walked out of the room almost as quickly as you entered. I let it slide that time and focused my attention on Kylie.
The day after, when I got back from my shift, Sally sent me another message saying, “Thank him for me :)”, and then she sent a picture of her new beige coat that looked well over £100, with some Louis Vuitton heels. Sherlock came back as soon as I was typing a response. He shot me a smug look and then waltzed into his room. I typed back, “I think he knows already.”
But he was ambushed by Harry, who wasn’t drunk, but still coming to terms with her brother’s marriage. Sherlock made the decision to join John in his discussion, since he knew that Mycroft felt the same way about the nuptials. Harry had a drink in her hand, it looked like Champagne.
He flipped through the channels. Rosie had been quiet lately. He frowned, she was usually happier than this. He googles “Can babies feel their parents’ emotions?” and apparently, they can. He kisses her head and looks toward their bedroom. Sherlock was still asleep.
‘He doesn’t have to be at the station, John; he says that Dimmock, believe it or not, found the case for me. He doesn’t have my number so he phoned Lestrade who in turn phoned me. Makes sense now?’
You smiled and I walked over to you. I told you that I had to feed her first and you nodded. I set her in the highchair that Molly bought us before she was born. I turned the chair so that she could face you. I thought that I was imagining things, but I could have sworn that I heard your voice say, 'Hello, Little Dove...'
"What do you mean by that? Nobody likes me, it'll always remain like that. Who could ever like someone like me?"
"Come now, let us be off, yes? I am so very eager to show you what comes next. We're going to solve the Final Problem you see."
He bent down to Sherlock's ear and whispered, "So don't you go messing this up, you hear me? You and John have a nice thing going here and you both make each other happy, keep it that way, I know what it's like to have your heart broken and I know you do too. So do me a favor," He paused to look at John, "Be good to each other. It's not good to be alone, trust me, bad things happen when you're alone. You've got a good thing going and I'll be angry at the both of you if you ruin it."
‘But what, doctor?’ You sounded so small, love, I couldn’t even tell you. I thought that you were going to burst out into tears right then and there, but you didn’t. Your face was as stoic as ever, but only I knew that it was because you were bracing yourself for the bad news. You knew just as much as I did what he was going to say.
“He can reproduce every item of furniture, literature, and clothing that I had and it will never make the flat as it was.”
Sherlock locked his phone and looked up at John. The sad nostalgia that filled his face made John sigh. His room looked in decent shape. There was a bed again, with a sheet and two pillows. He never had much in his room, and it always baffled John whenever he went into the tidy room. Then again, Sherlock never really slept in his bed. There was a replacement lamp, which he turned on. Sherlock himself was sitting on the bed, his coat shed and thrown over the headboard. He patted the space next to him for John to sit down. Slowly, John sank onto the bed, startled by how soft it was. Big Brother Mycroft remembering his little brother’s sensitive skin.
‘Turn to your left and I believe your question will be answered.’ He said. I let out a breath and then did as I was instructed. There he was umbrella in hand, and mobile in the other. Once he noticed I was staring at him, he hung up and walked towards me. He gestured for me to sit but I didn’t. I was a bit miffed, Sherlock that he decided to show up now, when you were in hospital instead of stopping off at the flat like normal siblings would.
I shook my head and told you that what I say to the patients are repeated words, there were a few times when I actually tried to calm someone down. You were one of those people, Sherlock. I wrapped my arms around you and whispered in your ear. I told you that everything was going to be alright, and that we were going to be okay, we always were. Your body softened, once I pulled you into the hug, your breathing changed as well, I don’t think you were crying but I know that you were finally trying to deal with your feelings. The surgery was a few hours away, so we had to get ready. I already made preparations for Kylie, I would have brought her with us to hospital, but we didn’t know how long it was going to take, and I rather her be at the flat where it was nice and quiet. Molly offered to watch her again; she said something about her not being able to stay at St. Barts any longer than she needed to. Of course, she was lying, she couldn’t bear to sit and wait while you got operated on. I didn’t want her to do anything she felt uncomfortable with and so I let her babysit Kylie while we were out. This was hard on everyone, Sherlock.
The voice belonged to a complete stranger, no doubt one of the people responsible for the kidnappings. John turned around to face Watson and gave a nod. Watson knew exactly what he was planning; he was thinking the same thing in his head. John placed his mouth to the door and responded, "What are you going to do about it?"
“Think about it, there could be an AU where you’re a flower and I’m a bee, or where we meet as teenagers or children instead of adults, or an AU where we’re mystical creatures and whatnot. There could even be an AU of us where our society is separated into groups like dogs or wolves, alphas and omegas, think about it John!”
He looked over at the once fluffy bee and sighed. It was a gift for her and this was how she treated it. He placed her on his lap and watched the children’s show. He let her grab his ring finger and briefly, Sherlock imagined a gold band on it. He shook his head. John said he loved him, not that he wanted to marry him. For everything that’s happened, John may not be too keen on the thought of remarrying.
“Well done Moriarty,” He began, “You’re so much more dastardly than I expected you to be. Very good show.”
I'll explain more about what happened during Watson and John's walk in the next chapter! This is the longest chapter yet!
He waved it in the air and as soon as both Sherlocks pulled the trigger, nothing came from the guns. Moriarty looked alarmed and quite scared.
"What I'm trying to say, rather poorly I might add, is that...I'm...here if you want to talk. We all are, Molly, Mrs. Hudson..."
Even now, he wanted to reach across and kiss the stray teardrops from his high cheekbones and tell him that he will always be the most important person to him, and if the other diners had an issue, they could eat elsewhere. Sherlock was laughing now and it made John’s heart burst to see him so happy and so comfortable. He was secretly glad that he was the only person that made him feel this way.
A little later in the day, you were lying on the couch now, watching the news. You didn’t shut your laptop off which meant that you were going back to it later. Kylie was awake, but she was as quiet as a mouse. She was nodding off, I think. You looked to be dozing off as well.
John wanted to talk, but his lips quivered and so he shut them up again. He didn't cry since the funeral, and he wasn't going to cry now. God, how warm Sherlock's skin is.
‘Sherlock.’ It was only to catch your attention, to get you to settle your nerves. I thought you didn’t hear me the first time because you didn’t respond, so I said it again, a little louder that time. You looked at me and said, ‘Yes, John?’ In a tone that I could barely hear. I frowned and stood up. You needed intimacy, I didn’t care about what you thought, and you needed the physical contact, love. I took your hands, they felt a bit clammy, and I made sure that you were looking me in the eyes. I wanted you to understand that no matter what happened, we would always be there for each other, that I would always be there for you. You made the eye contact with me, even if you looked a bit defeated.
Greg gave a half-smile. No doubt this was because of the special event that was about to take place. Mycroft looked indifferent, but he was proud of his little brother. And he was happy with the choice of partner, but he would never say that to Sherlock's face.
Rosie let out a noise and John rubbed her back. “Yes…I…uh…it’s the only bed I got. Rosie’s got the other bedroom and the sofa is far from comfortable to sleep…”
The door to the Tardis opened and the three of them came out. Sherlock was wearing a white dress shirt with a black ascot tied in the collar. He was wearing a navy blue silk waistcoat on top of his shirt. He was also donning a black frock coat and matching, fresh and crisp trousers, along with a shiny pair of black dress shoes. On top of his head, he wore a black top hat with a blue sash tied around it. John admired him, he could see the gold chain that connected the watch to his pocket and was absolutely smitten. John was only wearing a white dress shirt, a black waistcoat and matching trousers and shoe. He wore a black bowler hat and his jacket was draped over his arm. Sherlock couldn't stop staring.
Sherlock’s cheeks blushed and his smile was bashful. “Thank you.” He said softly. John grabbed his hands and helped him stand. He kissed Sherlock’s cheek and then his lips, those gorgeous lips.
Sherlock sounded scared and John knew that the next words that came out of his mouth would only worsen his mood or heighten it. He wanted to see Sherlock smiling again. He was so gorgeous when that crooked grin graced his plush lips.
John's hand landed on Sherlock's soft, porcelain cheek and began rubbing it with the pad of his thumb. He let out a sigh of exasperation.
I nodded and we headed out together. Thankfully, there was a cab outside of the hospital; it just finished dropping off some customers. It was a man and a woman, they were accompanied by a small child, and she looked like she had the flu or some sort of virus like that. I inched over to the side so I wouldn’t be in close contact with her. You hopped inside of the cab and already gave our address before I could close the door. The ride home was quiet, I was listening to the droplets of rain hit the windows of the cab. You moved closer to me and I felt your hands intertwine with mine. You were resting on me, but it was only noticeable to me, the cabbie was too busy driving to focus on us.
You finally emerged from the shower, glistening from the water. You had your towel wrapped around your waist, as usual, and you made your way over to the folded pile of clothes on the bed. I don't know if you were ignoring me on purpose, or if you really didn't know what to say. I took the initiative and started the conversation.
He sat in his chair and turned the television on. There was nothing on, nothing that could capture his attention. He didn’t really want to watch telly, he felt as if he was on auto-pilot. At some point, he left the remote alone and settled on a programme. He wasn’t really watching it, no. His eyes teared up as he realized that nothing was interesting to him anymore. He couldn’t find solace in anything. John finally admitted to himself that he felt so sad. He was depressed. He stood up and walked over to his collection. Only one bottle left, not much in it anyway. He told himself that he didn’t need it, that he didn’t want it. God he wanted it so bad. He resigned to pouring himself a cup.
You came back, and you thought it would be funny to surprise me. I was angry, Sherlock, I was so angry at you for leaving me like that, but then I saw your eyes, and your smile, and your scent wafted into my noses again, and I couldn’t bring myself to hate you. All I wanted is for you to come back, and I asked you that. I’m glad that you heard me.”
Sherlock assumed his original position and moaned as John cupped water and let it fall on Sherlock’s hair. It was silent, aside from the sound of the water rippling from John’s movement. He was careful when detangling Sherlock’s hair before applying the shampoo. He knew how tender-headed he could be. When he applied the shampoo, Sherlock gasped. He could hear John’s chuckle.
John was still spaced out but only snapped back into reality or some form of it, and heard the question.
You spoke with no feeling at all, your voice sounded strained, but I think it had more to do with your worsening condition. You were already saying your goodbyes, Sherlock. You were ready…or maybe you weren’t…maybe you were only trying to be brave for me, or for yourself. I didn’t want you to be brave, love. I didn’t want you to be the cold, sociopath that you thought yourself to be. I wanted you to be Sherlock Holmes-Watson, the human, my husband.
Sherlock’s cheeks were flushed and covered in tear tracks, his eyes were red and puffy from the sheer force of them. He wiped at his nose as he stared into John’s eyes. John kissed the tip of his nose, his salty cheeks, and then his quivering lips. He stood up and watched Sherlock grab his blue housecoat. John just remembered that they were both stark naked still. He hastily threw on a white t-shirt, and some boxers and then walked to Rosie’s room, wondering if Sherlock was following behind him. He saw Rosie sitting up bawling her eyes out. He sighed, another person unhappy tonight. He picked her up and rubbed her back, whispering “hush” until her cries died down.
Immediately, John's heart skipped a beat. Where were they all coming from? From the corner of his eye, he could see Watson locked in his own silent staring contest with the angel that came out of the room adjacent from the one Sherlock and Holmes have been held captive in.
John didn't say a word at first. He didn't even open his mouth to attempt to say anything. His eyes checked Sherlock over again, his smile was waning. John scoffed and sat back in the chair as he swished the liquid around in his glass, the ice clinked together as he did it. He decided to keep his eyes on the whiskey, instead of looking back at Sherlock, at least until he could talk again, whenever that may be. The flat was washed over in intense silence as the two men (or was it just the one?) sat in stood in complete silence. Every so often, John would find himself glancing up at Sherlock and biting his tongue each time he did. Sherlock took to drumming his fingers on his arm while John made up his mind. John pinched the bridge of his nose and then took another swig of his drink before setting it down on the arm of the chair and sitting upright again.
