It’s a hard concept for many of them to wrap their minds around, fear of falling still prevalent. Cas stares at their trembling scared forms and wonders that he used to be that.
“Dad.” His voice chokes and he hates how he feels 22 again and being lectured. Fuck John, Dean has saved the world multiple times, has battled heaven and hell and god himself. John Winchester is just a man.
He’s an adult and he is loved by an angel and fuck John if he can’t except that. He stands tall and turns to fully face him.
Jack huffs, exasperated, “This what happens when angels have free will, they become stubborn. But I won’t force you, even if I think you are being bullheaded.”
Instead he spends his time talking, breaking down barriers between spheres and giving angels choices. What do they want to do, not what they were made to do.
“As long as he leaves my tomato plants alone I guess he can stay. Hello Miracle, it’s nice to meet you.” He doesn’t know what to expect but the Miracle throwing himself into his lap isn’t it. He is briefly knocked off balance and it’s only his wings flaring out that enables him to keep his balance.
“Behold, Dean Michael, Archangel, Protector of the Just and Champion of the Righteous. May you reign with wisdom and never forget kindness” Jack grins at him.
Cas watches from a distance, content to linger beneath the woods by the bridge out of sight as Sam and Dean hug. He’s happy they are reunited, even as he is sad Dean’s life was cut so short. It was an ignominious death, and Cas was furious with himself that his own cowderice had kept him from keeping an eye on Dean. His one consolation was that Dean can enjoy the heaven Cas has worked so hard to craft for him. Because it was for Dean, who deserved a true heaven, who loves life and deserves more than a loop of his greatest hits. He deserves true peace. And Cas, who loves him, had the power to give him that.
Jack saunters in and plots down in a chair in front of Cas’s desk. He leans his elbows on the edge and stares until Cas sits back down.
Cas pats Miracle before slightly pushing him off his lap. Miracle tumbles off, doggy grin in place and stares up at Cas.
“I’m sorry I never got to say it. I’m sorry you died without hearing it. I love you too, Cas. With everything in me. You can have what you want, Cas. You can have me.”
Dean follows him, hoping to see one particular face. The first people he sees though are Jo and Ash and he wants to cry. They were so so young when they died. Dean died at 42 and Jo looks like a child. She gives him a hug and punch. Ellen is behind the bar and nods at him while sliding a pint to Rufus. He looks from person to person, Caleb, Charlie, Kevin, Pastor Jim, he thinks he sees Benny in a corner curled up with Andrea. People he’s failed one way or another. He forces himself to keep looking but the one form he wants to see isn’t there. He sees his parents at a table and quickly looks away. He’s not ready for that confrontation at all.
“Hello, Cas.” His voice is rough but the words are strong and Cas jumps, wings exploding out. Dean bursts into laughter even as he grabs the trench coat, keeping Cas from falling into the lake.
Cas has an office, tucked away in a corner. If it resembles the war room of the bunker, well no one mentions anything and he doesn’t spend a lot of time there anyway. Archangel he may be but he refuses to separate himself, to hold himself above. He’s been too many things, seen how separation can corrupt and will not go down that path, again.
“I am your father and you will show me some respect.” John goes to raise his hand as if to slap Dean.
“You know, they’d be thrilled to see you.” A voice startles him and he spins to see Jack standing behind him.
He pulls into the Roadhouse and Bobby and Karen are standing there, with Eileen. Sam barely lets the car stop before he’s leaping out and sweeping Eileen into his arms. Dean smiles at them and leans back against the hood of his car. ‘Cas, man, where are you?” He prays and frowns when Cas doesn’t appear.
“I’m okay, Sammy.” He reassures his brother and stands. Everything looks the same and none of it does. He can see golden threads connecting souls, can see souls themselves. He looks down and sees he is clutching a greatsword, made of stardust, and there is a heaviness on his back. He shakes a little and great black wings unfurl.
“Dean.” Cas blinks and tilts his head and Dean has to kiss him at that familiar and adorable motion.
The Master bedroom overlooks the lake and is filled with light. There are skylights over the bed and dressers that hold ephemera that Cas can’t examine yet. He finally turns his attention to the King Size bed piled high with soft pillows and decadent sheets. He slowly sits on the memory foam mattress. Perhaps this wasn’t a good idea, he thinks, pressure in his chest. He knows one thought will erase it but he can’t bring himself to actually do it.
Cas raises his eyebrows, surprised. He stands and with a snap is put back together, coat and all. “Anything.”
“It’s not so serious as all that. I have someone who is looking for the right home and a companion. I thought you might do well together.”
An exhale later, an infinity, he is kneeling, on dirt, breathing air he doesn’t need. He feels his brother’s hand on his shoulder and hears him yelling. His existence is shattered and remade and he feels peace, like he has never known.
He reaches for his grace and flicks outward. Around him, a forest and lake appear with an outline of a house. If the lake resembles the one where he stood once in Dean’s dreams, well the only one who will visit is Jack.
The sky darkens and Dean had all but forgotten about Jack who is God, standing with him. Jack no longer looks like the kid Dean tried to raise, but has wrapped his power around him like a cloak.
Time moves differently in heaven particularly now that Cas has no need to keep track of it. He works and trains and time passes, much as it did before Dean Winchester.
Fields fade into woods and before he can even think, the woods part and there is a house by a lake that looks familiar.
He looks at the house, a barely sketched out thought, and pulls up every half formed whisper of a thought of making a home for Dean and selfishly executes it. He pulls up his grace and throws it at the house, heart bare.
Cas smirks and stretches out his new rainbow tinted wings. He is happy, truely. It is enough, as long as he ignores the longing within him.
There’s a garden by the back door that Cas loves the putter around with. He’s destroyed and killed so much that to help create and nurture life brings him joy. He has tomatoes, and peonies and cucumbers and pumpkins and rose bushes.
“What’s this?” A gruff voice startles Dean and semi pivots to see John standing by the door, Mary, Sam and Eileen behind him.
Cas blinks, and his mind flinches away from the thought that home to him is a person. Instead he focuses on wonder. He’s never really had a physical space just for him and he’s excited. Jack pops away and leaves Cas with an empty space and limitless possibilities. He’s glad Jack isn’t here for this, it means he can be as indulgent as he pleases with no fear of commendation.
Cas turns back to the bridge one last time, memorizing his beloved’s form. He will not impose. Dean deserves this peace and Cas? Well, Cas still has atoning to do.
“You are real? This isn’t a dream?” Cas whispers and Dean had to kiss him again, at something so sad.
“Go head, go explore but no dirty paws on the sofa!” Cas calls as the dog races to the lake and throws himself in. Cas feels alarmed for a second before he remembers, this is heaven and Miracle will be fine.
There has only been one other moment in his existence where Cas has felt such joy and his eyes flicker around checking for the empty just in case.
“This is Miracle. He likes going for walks, baths and promises not to dig up our garden.” Jack bends down to scratch between the furry ears.
“It’s for you.” Jack says standing a little ways away, hands shoved into his pockets looking like the teenager is no longer is.
A shaggy light brown otterhound races around the corner of the house and slams to a stop just before crashing into Cas’s legs. He plots his butt down and stares up at Cas adoringly, tongue hanging out.
“Yes, I am in love with a man.” He says strong and proud. Which is not technically correct but Cas has favored Jimmy Novak’s form even after he had a choice.
Cas didn’t understand why the Winchester brothers felt limited to cook within the boundaries of their usual supermarket. After all, he would reason, they ordered Chinese food, did they not? And Italian, and Indian and Thai? Why shouldn’t they make their own? It would be healthier, he would argue to Sam, as they would only be cooking for two, and had no need for the additives or extra ingredients that were more suited to cooking in bulk, and it would be more interesting and appropriate, he’d tell Dean, to learn how other cultures
"Dean," Cas said quickly, before he was gone, before this moment could collapse back into time regulated by seconds too easily squandered, years too easily spent waiting.
The bachelor party was more exciting than Cas expected. He met most of the people already at the tux fitting, and Dean introduced him to a group of brunettes in flannels and cowboy boots. “This is Gwen, Mark, Christian, and Johnny—the cousins I’ve told you about.”
Cas finally relented at Dean’s smirk. They grabbed their friends and siblings and took them through the woods back to their cabin. Dean and Benny kept trying to scare the twins on the walk, jumping out from behind trees at them, and Cas got between them and pulled his arms through theirs. “Dean,” he said in an even voice, “stop trying to scare my sisters.”
Castiel looked uncomfortable again and Dean wasn’t even sure he heard Sam. Jess looked down at her phone and over at her husband. “It’s getting pretty late and the baby is getting sleepy.”
They nodded, and she shook her head. “Babe,” she said looking at Charlie, “if you ever cheat on me I will kill you.”
Jo put her arm around Dean’s waist and pulled him closer. Her left hand flitted over Dean’s chest, and her ring sparkled when it caught the light. “That’s us.” she looked around the room. “These flowers are beautiful.”
Dean drove Jo and Benny to the bar where Charlie and Dorothy already had a table in the corner and were leaning forward talking to Jess. The Roadhouse was ran by Ellen, Jo’s mom, and it was everyone’s favorite bar. It was a small, underground type bar. Ellen ran the restaurant and Ash ran the bar. Benny and Jo went straight to the counter to order while Dean bee-lined his way to the corner.
Another man that Dean didn’t recognize was setting in the office. He was attractive, dressed in a slightly rumpled suit and perpetual bedhead.
Cas leaned back in his chair and listened to his husband talk about their lives, their love story. When Dean started to forget what happened next, Castiel took his hand and walked him to the bedroom for a nap. When Dean was tucked in, he cleaned up the kitchen and turned on one of Dean’s old CD’s, a Led Zeppelin one.
Dean didn’t question his family anymore and instead asked a less personal question. “Did you have fun tonight?”
“You guys dance?” A soft voice asked from behind them, and Cas looked over Dean’s shoulder to see on the bottom step watching them.
Dean pulled Cas from the room, “I’ll let you guys get dressed.” He tossed a smile toward Cas, “Sam, make sure no one goes into my room for a while, I’m sure Charlie can make sure Benny is ready on time.”
Even Dean couldn’t stay quiet for that one and he wrinkled his nose. “That is disgusting. I’ve never wanted to do that.”
The answer surprised Cas. That was not what their parents taught them. “That’s what Charlie says anyway.” Cas saw the blush on Hannah’s cheeks and the smile on her lips before she looked down at her shoes.
Jess rolled her eyes. Charlie was the Chief of Pediatrics and Flagstaff was Jess’ boss in the NICU. Charlie took a protective role over Jess when she started last year, and had become almost motherly since Jess got pregnant. “Guys, the third trimester is usually the best for morning sickness, plus I’m down to two shifts a week. Plus,” he added to Charlie, “your cute new almost-RN sat with me the entire time.”
“I do not have a gender, but I am happy in this male body. I guess you could call me agender or demimale if you would like. And I have no preference over the body of a person I find attractive. However, you are the only person I have been interested in having a relationship with. I believe I most closely identify with the term pansexual.”
Jo nodded and gave Cas business cards before leaving. Dean seemed to perk up when he realized they were going, and he shook Cas’ hand. It was a hard, firm handshake and Cas felt a little shiver run up his spine when Dean smiled at him. He waved as they walked out the door.
Dean glanced up from his drink and saw Sam’s eyes wide in surprise, and Dean continued, “I mean, I’m just tired of dating around. I know you guys all think I’m some kind of man whore, but all the dates I go on, I don’t sleep with them. I’m barely even interested in them unless I can picture a relationship out of it, and—”
Sam ordered a round of shots for them all, then another and another. Each round, another person dropped out and separated themselves from the group. Sam, Caleb, and Ash were the first to drop out, then the cousins, then Benny.
The next time Cas woke up, Ash’s arm was around his waist, and Ash and Dean were both asleep. He took in his surroundings before moving. Girl’s giggles were coming from the doorway, and he heard camera clicks before the door shut. He was asleep before the could process it.
Dean, apparently, did understand. He looked at Cas with a grin and asked, “Well, sweetheart, what do you think? Should we teach our daughter how to dance?”
That didn’t sound like Cas. He must have been more drunk than he thought. “And then we all just jumped in bed together?”
Jo fell out of her bar stool before she gave in, but Cas had to hand it to her, she lasted longer than most people he knew.
Cas shook his head and stuffed the phone back into his pocket. “I guess I haven’t found a guy that will put up with me yet.”
“So, Cas.” After Dean held his gaze for a minute, one side of his lips lifted into a smile. “Tell me about yourself.”
“She’s eating for one and a quarter. The baby does not eat for an entire person. And they should definitely not be eating greasy pizza.”
Cas nodded. “How about I take your ideas and make a proposal up for you, including costs. We can set up a meeting in a month or so?”
“Yeah, we’re all busy, Dean,” Jo laughed. “But what’s the point of it all if we don’t have some fun while we’re here?”
Cas sat up on his knees to get a better angle and let go of Dean’s hand to wrap around his back, the other hand reaching for Dean’s jaw.
Cas wanted to say yes. He could recite the bible passages that talked about homosexuality by memory. He remembered looking them up the first morning after he had a dream about Dean.
Dean’s hand flew to Cas’ door handle and he flung the door open. Dean froze to the spot and Cas’ head whipped around to look at him. “Cas. You. Do you really?”
He stopped when he saw Castiel’s smile. “You’re on the spectrum too?” Castiel looked elated, like he finally found someone he could connect to.
Cas let out a breath and pulled his arm free. “Fine. Live a lie.” He pushed away from Dean and climbed out of the car.
Shit, he did hear. Dean turned in the seat to face Castiel and the man looked at him earnestly. “I just,  uh…” he trailed off and tried to collect his thoughts before continuing. “I guess I just think that sex should be more. I just can’t do it if there isn’t some stronger connection.”
Jo slid into the stool next to him and hugged him. “I feel like I haven’t seen you in forever! God, I just have to thank you for taking such good care of Dean. He can’t stop talking about how handy you are.”
Claire started to protest, but Castiel just grabbed her hands between them and started a rock-step before twisting out in a circle from under her arm. “Keep some resistance in your arms,” he told her as they did another rock-step. A few turns later, Cas turned to Dean, “Hit the music.”
he’d never been this nervous before when he met someone. He was full-on twitterpated and there were butterflies in his stomach.
Dean reached over and grabbed Cas’ wrist. “You don’t understand. I have a great girl, a great family, I’m even a freaking cowboy. Life is
Castiel looked doubtful at that statement, and Dean reminded him to relax again. “Take your coat off, go talk to someone.”
He had wondered before if he should tell Emma about the boyfriends he had through the years, the men he dated when she stayed at her mother’s house. It just never felt like the right time and nothing was permanent enough to do a meet the family.
.” The words mocked him. He glanced back up at Dean. Dean rubbed the charm on his necklace, and Cas wondered if reminded him of his brother. Cas wondered what he would do if someone stopped him from seeing his sisters.
The unknown woman said, “Claire, please remember this is a place of respect and support. Now, Castiel, this roommate of yours, Dean. He is the one you have feelings for, correct?” There was no audible answer, but the woman continued, “This is a difficult time to express feelings for someone you have known for so long. If he does not return the sentiment, it could lead to great discomfort for both of you. One or both of you may want to leave the safety of your home. You should weigh the discomfort you have with hiding your feelings with the discomfort you might have if it does not go well.”
It was the second run to the hospital in the rig when he told Jo and Benny he was going to take a break and take breakfast up to Jess. He went to the cafeteria and bought two breakfast sandwiches, turning to head upstairs when a voice called his name from behind his back. Charlie waved to Dean from across the room and a dark-haired guy in nurse’s scrubs followed beside her.
“Andrea,” she said and the table let out a collective groan. Benny and Andrea were always breaking up and getting back together. He always insisted that they loved each other, but Dean just figured he was too nice to let her go for real.
Cas didn’t understand why Claire made such a big deal out of the middle school Valentine’s day dance. He tried to, he imagined his own middle school dances, but all he remembered was dodging the girls that wanted to dance with him.
Benny made a huge pot of chicken and andouille gumbo for everyone when nothing exciting happened during the last few hours of their shift. Dean texted Charlie at the end of the day to see if she wanted to get a drink.
He was drying and putting away the dishes while Dean washed them one night after dinner while Claire and Jack were doing homework upstairs. Dean grabbed a handful of bubbles from the top of the water and blew them at Cas’ face. Cas was ready to wipe the bubbles on the shoulder of Dean’s shirt, but Dean, hands still dripping with soapy water, turned and wrapped his arms around Cas.
Cas gave Dean his warmest smile at the well-worn phrase, “I guess I can wait a little while. Would you like to go see Sam while we wait for your time?”
“Queer? Yes. Or supports someone who is. Some of them identify with labels, some of them are still trying to find a label that fits them, and some of them do not believe in labels.”
Charlie and Dorothy arrived a little while later, each carrying a six-pack and Castiel trailed behind them, unsure about following them in without being invited to. The man looked just as good out of scrubs as he did in them. Dean wasn’t sure if he should try talking to him again, but Charlie called him over to take the bags of food she and Dorothy were carrying.
“You’ve never watched porn before,” Dean said more to himself than to the other man, but Castiel shook his head anyway as Dean walked to him. “He’s spanking her. Some people are turned on by it.”
She opened up her sandwich and looked like she was ready to cry at the sausage and bacon. “My shake this morning had so many vitamins, but it looked worse than the poop I wipe off these babies’ butts.”
Cas wanted to be frustrated by that, but Dean’s lips were on his again, and the hand slipped from his back to his front, and Dean groped his already half-hard dick.
On the screen, Claire and Kaia high fived in one square, Jody and Donna beamed at them from another, and Charlie and Stevie cheered from another.
He called Sam, but when he didn’t pick up, he called Jess. She answered the phone on the first ring, “Hey, what are you up to?”
Cas knew this was coming, but he still felt a clinch in his chest. He held his emotions back and said, “Thank you, Abby, I’ll bring him over soon.”
“Pictures?” Cas pulled out his phone to show Dean. “Cute family. Which one of the moms is your sister?”
Emma hugged Dean and gave Claire a blinding smile that the other girl returned. Dean didn’t miss their fingers scooting across the table toward each other.
Cas sat Dean down after the meeting and explained. “This is a queer support group. Claire and Kaia’s counselor started it to help support her clients during the pandemic. They invited me to join.”
Castiel was quiet as the commercials played on the television, and Dean must have forgotten the ending because this wasn’t what he remembered at the beginning of the movie. He drained the water after his last dish and ran the garbage disposal to clean out the sink.
After that song, Dean just put his music on shuffle, and they all took turns dancing with each other. Claire tried to practice with her brother, but he just jumped in circles while she held his hands.  They danced until Dean looked at the clock and realized it was way past the kids’ bedtimes. They left the dishes in the sink and each tucked a kid into bed, Claire insisting she was too old for Dean to do it, but Dean knew she secretly loved it.
“Mr. Winchester? This is Mrs. Rosen from Emma’s school. She was in a fight today, and we need you to pick her up.”
Hannah spoke up first. “God said to love our neighbours like ourselves. It shouldn’t matter that you’re boys.”
Dean huffed out a breath, “Her heart rate?” It had been over a month since he took Meg out for dinner and a movie. She wanted him to go up to her apartment, and when Dean turned her down, she got pretty upset. She’d done her best to avoid him since then.
It was a near whisper, and Cas let out a long breath. He wasn’t surprised that, even in his condition, Dean would do this part of life with Sam too. “Are you sure?”
Dean was fascinated with the stained glass in her front window; he said it reminded him of his true love. Cas smiled proudly every time Dean said that, knowing that the man had forgotten that the blue of the window was nearly the same color of Cas’ eyes.
Sam was cool, and he got along with Cas really well. Dean teased them about how big of nerds they were together. Aside from the teasing, Dean was nice to Cas. Really nice. Sam came by every time he could sneak away, and the three boys got close, playing games and sneaking out to the lake every night.
Dean met them at the front and pulled Cas away before he could start unloading. “Cas, I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean that.”
Emma bit a lip and glanced at the other girl. It must be Claire. When she didn’t answer, Castiel jumped in. “Dean, perhaps we should talk to them together. I know a restaurant a few blocks away.”
“Oh, yeah. They dated for a while in college. And then Jo fell for a guy.” Charlie let out a sigh and shook her head. “They stayed friends, but I don’t think she ever forgave Jo for going back to the D.”
His voice. It was dark and gravelly and mixed with the bed head… Dean wouldn’t mind waking up next to that view every morning. He wasn’t sure where that thought came from, but he made his escape before he could do anything else to embarrass himself. “I gotta, uh,” he held up the food in his hands, “Jess.” Smooth Winchester.
Dean was surprised by the news, and judging by Castiel’s intake of breath, he was too. Emma never really made friends. “Together?” Dean asked just as Castiel asked, “Terrorize?”
Dean gave a smile back and waved his hand in a way that told Cas it was okay to make the sandwich. Cas hummed to himself as he pulled out the ingredients, an old AC/DC song that Dean taught him years ago. He smiled when he heard Dean hum too.
Hannah came over with a trailing redhead she introduced as Charlie. Cas didn’t miss the way their fingers kept brushing each other. “Where is Anna?”
“I need to finish the flowers for the ceremony tomorrow.” Ash nodded, and Cas watched his hand come closer. Cas stood, “You know, I should probably get down their sooner rather than later.”
Dean tried to turn on his heel, reaching for a gun that he hadn’t had in years, and he had to grab the counter to keep himself from falling. Cas let him focus on finding his balance for a second before taking a few steps closer, “I do not mind making you a sandwich.”
Cas didn’t remember the drive out or going to bed. He was surprised in the morning when he woke up sandwiched between Dean and Ash, all three of them naked. He tried to get out from under Dean’s arm in an attempt to make it to the bathroom, but Dean pulled him closer, kissing his hairline and forehead before finding his lips.
Cas didn’t judge him; he’d heard the same from other grooms, even occasional brides. He smiled at Dean. “People do have weird customs, don’t they?”
“That can’t be right,” Castiel said as Dean nodded with him. “Claire is a good kid. Did you get her side of the story?”
There was a moment of silence before Cas said, “I will. My name is Castiel and my favorite food is hamburgers.”
Across the room, Charlie looked baffled. “Everyone wants sex,” she said in her confused voice and Dorothy tried to shut her up.
A little smile pooled at the corner of Cas’ mouth and Dean rubbed a thumb across the back of Cas’ hand.
Castiel glared at him for a minute like he was questioning debating Dean about it, but he finally wiped his hands on the dish towel under the sink and moved out of the way.
Cas blushed and turned away. Dean sat on the hood of his car and patted the spot next to him. “Come watch the sunset with me. It’s my favorite time of the day.”
The funeral was small, just him, Dean, and a few neighbors. All their hunting friends had long since passed on. It was strange to think this man had saved the world so many times.
Dean took a breath and put his arm around Emma’s shoulder. “You can tell me kiddo. I don’t know how to help you until I know what’s going on.”
Dean glanced over at the movement and told his cousins he would go outside. Cas sat his plate down and thanked Jo for the food, but that he should finish everything at the store. Most of the people at the table didn’t seem to care if he left, but Charlie hugged him and promised they would catch up at the reception.
Dean cut her off with a cough, and Benny laughed at them, “Sounds like you have a little crush, Bon ami.”
“Fifteen-year-old female,” Dean told her. “Seizure upon arrival, administered the first dose of diazepam intramuscularly in the the field and second dose intravenously en route. Seizure lasted twenty-five minutes, history of epilepsy.”
Cas walked forward and knelt in front of Dean. He reached out a hand and cradled Dean’s chin. “All I wanted was not to lie to her.”
They were a cute couple. She had blond hair tied in a high ponytail, low-cut jeans, and a tank-top that showed hints of her lower stomach. He had a short military haircut, cowboy boots, and worn jeans. They both had athletic builds and wore coordinating plaid flannel shirts.
Relaxing a little, Castiel leaned closer to Dean. “No, the ace spectrum. Like I am asexual, but I enjoy romance with people.”
Cas thought for a moment before nodding. They walked through the trees hand-in-hand until they made it to the clearing and Dean gave Cas a quick peck on the cheek before dropping his hand.
When Cas made it back to the shop, he promised himself it would never happen again. All he had to do was avoid Dean.
Benny let out a huff of laughter that let Dean know he would be grateful for the company. Dean waited to go back inside until Benny and Jo had drove away. When he came back in, Charlie and Dorothy had made a dance floor in the middle of the room and were dancing on either side of Ash while “Girls, Girls, Girls” played on the jukebox.
Cas took him to his office and laid out some of the plans before looking up at Dean. The guy looked at him like he was out of his depth and floundering in the deep zone.
“You want to head home?” Sam asked her and she looked at the dancefloor like she felt guilty about wanting to go.
“How did it go?” Dean asked him. Sam grabbed a couple of beers from the fridge and brought one to him, shaking his head.
Dean could quote every line of the movie, so instead of watching it, he watched Cas watch it. They moved closer during the film, their hands bridging the distance until their fingertips touched. Dean glanced back to the movie when Cas didn’t pull away, and after a minute, he turned his hand over to fit into Cas’.
“I don’t know, I just assumed,” Jess looked almost ashamed for assuming his sexuality. “I mean, he turned down Meg. And Jolene from trauma. And Athena from the morgue. Even Pam from cardio.”
Dean lowered his eyes first and looked at Cas’ hand. Cas followed his eyes down and watched Dean’s hand scoot closer until their fingers touched. Cas was too shocked to move away. “I think you know,” Dean said in a quiet voice.
He passed the message on to Benny and Jo and sent texts to Sam and Jess. Benny refused to let him go back to the “sad, little apartment,” and made him stay for the gumbo.
“Yeah. I don’t think Charlie would let us get out of it.” Jess said. “She even invited the new guy.”
“Abusive parents?” he asked, and Jess nodded in confirmation. He shook his head in disgust. Sam worked as a child advocacy attorney, and Charlie always called him in when she suspected abuse of one of her patients. They were a well-oiled machine now, ever since their first case together a few years ago. The girl was eight, half-starved, and had bruises up and down her torso when she came in and Sam put her parents away for child neglect and abuse.
Cas turned to look at him, confusion written on his face. “If the pizza man truly loves the babysitter, why does he keep slapping her rear?” He gave Dean such an honest, open look that Dean could help smiling.
Cas was nervous about how the situation would work out between them, but with Dean lavishing him with kisses, saying sweet nothings in his ears, peppering him with admiration, he couldn’t find it in himself to worry.
Dean didn’t get far into their story before Cas turned off the car and helped Dean out of the front seat.
Dean stood there having a silent freak out over what Cas and the women meant by feelings. The longer they talked, the less it sounded like they were talking about friendship feelings and the more it sounded like they were talking about romantic feelings.
Charlie’s head popped up with a questioning look on her face, “You think so? He didn’t set off my gaydar.”
He looked at the clock. It was only ten. He sighed and made a pot of coffee to get him through the day. He never kept the apartment a mess, but it was mostly because he was never there. He ran a broom over the hardwood, hid the alcohol in his nightstand, made his bed for the first time in weeks, and did a load of laundry. It was almost one before his stomach grumbled and he realized he’d only had two cups of coffee.
It seemed like forever before they broke apart. Dean smiled at him and told him to have a good night, and Cas was almost out the door when Dean stopped him. “Wait, uh, do you want to watch the next one?”
Dean nodded, and Cas smiled, “Before I take you, can you do something for me?” Dean looked hopeful, and Cas said, “Tell me about Cas.”
Dean shook his head before calling out, “He’s teasing, Claire, of course, I can teach you how to dance.”
Dean went tense under his touch as Jo and Sam scrambled off the bed. Sam grabbed a pillow to cover himself and Jo wrapped herself in a sheet.
Castiel shook his head, “No, I’m not sex averse, I’m just not sexually attracted to people. It’s interesting to watch this.”
It clicked then, the way Emma and Claire were so close, the way they smiled at each other like the other one hung the moon, the way Henriksen said they were inseparable like it was a problem they needed to solve. Claire and Emma were dating.
The next morning, Cas went to the store early to load the flowers in the van. Aflie told him he was acting like a grumpy old man, and that he should look a little happier for a wedding. Cas just glared at him.
Cas shook hands with them, and Dean led him over to the bar. Jo’s bridesmaid, an attractive girl named Tracy Bell, kept giving Dean glares from over her drink.
“Is he the only one?” Jo looked over at Sam and slowly shook her head. “Why the hell did you let this go on so long?”
He barely saw Cas the rest of the week. He wasn’t sure if Cas was avoiding him or if he just kept missing him around the bunker. He told himself he wasn’t going to listen to anymore of Cas’ meetings, but when the next Wednesday came around and Dean still had not gotten a chance to talk to Cas, his will crumbled.
They went around the table a few more times before Sam and Dorothy started arguing about whether Trump or Putin was worse and they tried to divide up the table. Dean called quits a few minutes into the argument and started packing up the game. The arguments like this never ended well and they never returned to the game. When it was in the box, Dean grabbed empty plates to take to the kitchen and Castiel followed him.
Dean looked up, finally taking the features of Cas’ face and he sighed, “You come back to collect me? I’m not ready to go yet.”
Dean didn’t even blush when he shook his head. They fell silent for the drive back to down, but as they were getting closer to the bar, Cas asked, “Have you slept with any of them before?”
Dean walked to the laundry room with his laundry basket full, but paused outside of Cas’ room when he heard Claire’s voice. “And this is my girlfriend, Kaia.”
Dean smiled and tried to act polite, waiting for the moment he could take Emma out of the school. “I hope she wasn’t hurt. Emma has a wicked right hook.”
Cas pulled out his phone and pulled up “Gravity” by John Mayer. Dean told her to feel the music, to move to the beat, and by the end of the song she was getting it. He put on “You and Me” by Lifehouse next to give her extra practice.
Dean talked to Castiel behind his back as Castiel searched through the movies. “I’m sorry they cornered you like that.”
“I have some of her finest work if you want to watch!” Charlie chirped up happily, and Castiel blushed a dark crimson.
Jo smiled at Benny and he just threw up his hands, “I wouldn’t know. My chere is the only one I got eyes for.”
Her phone pinged, and she took it out of her pocket. She smiled at Dean, “Why did Charlie just tell me I’ll get a new brother-in-law before the baby is born?”
“We can’t leave any—” Dean started, and Cas nodded, diving under the covers to suck Dean off. He swallowed Dean down and then Dean returned the favor, swallowing all of Cas’ evidence.
“Dr. Andrews, you don’t understand,” Claire said. “Dean and Cas have been in love with each other for over a decade and neither of the idiots will admit it to each other.”
Sam might have questioned him, but they were all familiar with Benny’s situation and they learned not to ask questions any more. Dean just hoped that this time, the break-up would be final. Sam watched him take a drink before asking, “And you?”
Dean was only on cabin patrol for a week, and when the week was up, Cas worried Dean would go back to ignoring him. He didn’t. He started sitting with Cas at lunch, going to activities with him. Sometimes, Cas caught Dean looking at him, and he wondered what Dean was thinking about. He probably caught Cas staring at him sometimes too. Really, Cas just wanted to trace patterns with Dean’s freckles. He got more and more because they were out in the sun every day. Sometimes Cas dreamed about it at night and woke up with morning wood that he had to hide.
Sam cut him off, “You’re saying you’re ready to settle down with someone?” He was surprised, but he looked happy at the possibility.
Cas pulled a straight face, “I don’t know, Dean, do you think she would finish the dishes afterward?”
Dean rubbed a hand down Cas’ side and rested it on Cas’ ass. “Don’t worry. This doesn’t mean anything.”
They were all quiet for a moment until Sam stepped forward. “Dean, I can explain.” His voice was soft and pleading, and he gave Dean puppy dog eyes.
“Okay,” Claire told them as the second song came to a close, “I think I got this one, what if they play something
Dean smiled and showed the paper to the rest of the team. “The porn star, dude. Not the plant.” Dean told him.
“Sure, you and every other department in that place will fight you over him, “ Jess said. “Every doctor he’s worked with wants him.”
Cas glanced back at the door, as if he was considering making an exit, but said, “That sounds great.”
Jess put on a pouty face and wrapped herself around Dean who grabbed her right back. “I must have married the wrong brother.” They all laughed.
Cas pulled a paper from under the desk and started taking notes. “Three bouquets and five boutonnieres. How about parents?”
Jo flipped to a page with what Cas assumed were bridesmaid dresses and groomsmen tuxes. “Dean has a best man, a groomsman, and a groomswoman. I have a best man, bridesman, and bridesmaid.”
A week later, he heard the same unknown woman’s voice coming from Cas’ room. “This can be an exceptionally difficult time if you are living with unsupportive friends or family and are feeling stuck. If you find yourself in a situation where you feel like you cannot be yourself, then I am glad that you found yourself here. This is a safe place where we celebrate who you are. Does anyone want to share their experiences with that?” the woman asked.
Cas couldn’t stop the chuckle bubbling out of him. This meeting was not supposed to make him like Dean even more. He leaned back in his chair and studied the freckles on Dean’s cheeks. He didn’t look away when Dean caught his eyes.
Cas gave him a full-on smile. “Dr. Bradbury insisted that I take the day off tomorrow. I could stay for another movie.”
“Dean,” Cas admonished, “I do still have flowers in the van. Perhaps Ash and Benny could help Alfie and I with them?”
“Yeah, well I’m not the only one,” Jo told them. “Charlie said she would go straight for someone like him.”
Dean and Benny followed Charlie into the examination room and waited to see if the girl would wait up. Meg walked past him and set up a telemetry monitor. Benny chuckled when Meg pointedly ignored Dean.
Dean put the plates in the sink and turned to watch the argument from the bar in the kitchen. Castiel stood next to him and Dean offered him a beer from the fridge. When Castiel turned it down, Dean grabbed a handful of chips and ran them through the dip. “Does this happen often?”
Jo play-slapped his shoulder. “Stop being so modest. He can’t stop talking about you coming to help at the fitting. And, god, what would have happened if Dean was at the cake tasting alone. He probably would have forced the bakery to do pies.”
When the movie ended, Cas told Dean he really should go. They stood up and Dean walked him to the door. Cas hesitated for just a second when Dean pulled the door open and then embraced Dean in a hug. It was a full-force hug too and nearly knocked the breath out of him. Dean didn’t even remember the last time he had a hug like that, and he let go of the door to hug back. Neither of them moved in for a kiss, it was just an embrace, but it made Dean feel whole again. Like something had been missing from his life. The hug was the most intimate with another person Dean had been in too long to remember.
Instead of putting another movie on, Dean stilled his nerves and turned on the couch, leaning against the armrest so he could look at Cas. “How are you doing, buddy?”
Castiel smiled, eyes crinkling at the corners. “Great! I guess I should get your number and send you the address.”
As they ate their meals, they talked about each other’s families. Castiel lost his wife a few years ago, and Emma and Claire met when they were both suffering through the loss of their mothers. It gave them something to connect over. That was about all the conversation the girls could sit through, and as soon as the girls finished their food, they asked for money to turn on the jukebox sitting in the corner.
Dean considered letting it go, almost did, but maybe he wanted to talk about it more than he thought. Before he could stop himself he said, “I mean, you and Jess, Charlie and Dorothy, you guys are just so perfect, you know? You are happy and you are really in love, and maybe I just want a piece of what you guys have.”
Dean had never been in the diner Castiel before, but he wished he’d known about it sooner. When the hamburger came out, it was piled high and was surrounded by a sea of steak fries. Dean’s mouth watered and the delicious smell emanating from the food.
Benny shook his head, “If Bradbury wouldn’t go straight for Chris Pine, she wouldn’t go straight for this guy. No way he is hotter.”
It wasn’t just Dean coming to the store though. During Dean’s tux fitting, surrounded by the other men in the wedding party, Dean called Cas and begged him to come over to help him choose between a bowtie and a regular tie. He called again when Jo had a meeting come up right before they had the cake tasting appointment.
When Jo realized that she lost his focus, she glanced at the boys and smiled. “Look at them being all macho and acting all manly. They’re adorable.” Cas quirked an eyebrow at her in question, and she continued, “I could drink them all under the table.”
His first thought was that Dean was meeting up with a girl and Cas smiled, that would totally get him kicked out. A small figure approached him. He had shaggy hair and Dean ruffled it before saying, “Jeez Sammy, you need to wash your hair.”
Cas answered with his lips crashing back into Dean’s. The first kiss was sweet, but this kiss… this kiss heated him up from the inside. He felt his dick give a twitch and he pulled back. He could do this, but there was no way he could do more.
He snuck through the hallway until he was outside Cas’ room and listened to the unknown woman ask how everyone was doing. Cas started talking right away. “I tried to talk to my roommate, and let him know that I was happy to be spending more time with him. I was hoping I could tell him how I felt, that he has been my beacon of light while it feels like this whole world is falling apart. He just seemed to reject it when I started to make it personal.”
“I mean, I guess not. I slept with your brother. But I don’t want to know about it, or hear about it, or think about it.”
Castiel nodded and peeled his jacket off like he was separating himself from his last defense. Jess and Jo practically jumped the guy when he started toward the kitchen. Charlie flounced over to Dean, “He’s cute, right?”
Cas seemed to study his face for a moment then said in a softer voice, “I enjoy being here with you , Dean.” Dean felt the blush rise up from his chest and Cas continued, “I have realized I need to work on my communication skills. I want you to know I enjoy our time together.”
They sat on the couch in the living room and demolished the pizza, then laid back and watched an episode of Game of Thrones before Sam came home.
The alarm went off too early in the morning. Dean grabbed his phone, realizing he forgot to plug it in, and cursed himself. He turned on the radio loud enough to hear it in the shower and washed quickly, then changed into his work uniform, grabbing his coffee on the way out the door.
They didn’t even notice the argument ending, or Jo coming into the kitchen. Dean jumped when her hand fell on his shoulder and she laughed, “Slow down there tiger, I’m just saying bye.”
“Oh, no, we were. We became great friends over the years. When she died, God, it was like a knife to the heart.” Dean wasn’t sure where the tears in his eyes came from.
“Still kicking. Plus, I only puked once this morning!” She smiled widely at that, and he couldn’t help grinning back.
A couple rounds into the night, Dean and Jo went to check on Benny and found him crying outside the front door.
“I guess so,” Dean said with a smile and Claire ran to them and jumped in Dean’s arms. “Kid, you are getting too big to do that.”
She rolled her eyes, “No, guys, I think Alex is gonna ask me to dance. I need help: I don’t know how to dance.”
As they stepped inside, they heard a shriek and movement behind them. Cas turned, wondering if Charlie and Tracy already found the unused room. He was not expecting to see Jo straddling Sam’s naked body on the bed.
He turned and set the bags on the counter and when turned back, Charlie and Dorothy had left a harrowed looking Castiel in the doorway. “You can quit lurking,” Dean told him with a smile.
Emma looked up slowly as if she was surprised by the support Claire received. It broke Dean’s heart. Lydia was so much better at communication with Emma, but since her death, Emma shut herself off and nearly stopped talking. She had taken Lydia's death hard, understandably, and he had no idea how to help her.
“Mr. Winchester,” Henriksen extended his hand over the desk, “please take a seat. This is Castiel Novak. His daughter, Claire, was in the fight today too.”
Charlie. He was going to kill her for setting him up like this. “Man, you don’t have to do my dishes. Go sit down.”
“It is not the first time I’ve been questioned about my sexuality. It is okay. What about Die Hard? I’ve never seen it.”
The ranch was a gigantic place up in the mountains. Dean stopped at a few gates to let them in, and finally, Cas saw a huge mansion, all wooden and rocks, on a hill. “My Grandpa Campbell built the house. The ranch had been in the family for generations, but Grandpa wanted something big to live in. When my mom went to college, he decided on this, but then my mom and dad were killed in a car wreck, and my brother and me moved in here.”
“Dean. I. What are you doing here?” Cas stood from the chair and moved in front of the laptop like he was trying to block the screen.
Jo jumped up, “Okay, so, wedding still on, awesome.” She pointed to Sam, “I need you to go find Ash, Caleb, and Tracy. Have them meet me in my room to help me get ready. And distract my mom for as long as possible, but bring her to my room eventually.” She smiled and clapped her hands together, “I’m getting married!”
His chance came two days later when they watched a shorter movie that ended a few hours before they usually went to bed. Sam had turned down their invitation to watch in favor of a zoom call with Eileen, and Jack had fallen asleep ten minutes into the movie.
“So I’ve heard,” Cas said over his shoulder as he grabbed Dean a pair of pants and a button-down shirt. He helped Dean change, and they walked to the car, Dean holding on to Cas’ elbow.
Charlie looked like she couldn’t stop herself when she said, “Let’s get real though, I do have a question. I don’t get a gay vibe from you, but I don’t get a straight vibe from you either. What’s your deal?”
He held the phone to his chest and let out a shaky breath, still frustrated there was nothing he could do for the man he’d grown to love. Sam had been a brother to Cas, the one that pushed him and Dean together so many years ago, the one that pressed them to retire from hunting, the one who helped when Dean’s Alzheimer's set in until his own health problems started.
Dean could have left the cabin. He could have turned off the music. He could have done anything but grin wildly at Cas’ glares.
Dean turned on “You Shook Me All Night Long” by AC/DC. He laughed at Cas’ raised eyebrow and said, “Trust me, the music works.” The music grew louder, and Cas and Claire giggled as she started spinning Cas on her own.
Jo and Dean both looked over at Sam and Cas as if they needed reminding that they were still in the room. “Is that a deal-breaker?”
Garth jumped up too and looked at the twins, “Ladies, would you like me to escort you back to the fire?”
Dean put a hand over his face and turned on a heel to walk toward the window seat. Sam took the opportunity while his brother’s back was turned to tug on his pants. Cas wanted to flee, to at least get out of the room for this conversation, but Jo stopped him when he made a move toward the door. “If you can fuck my fiance, you can stay for this.”
Dean didn’t answer, just stood up and stripped off his shirt and shorts, running to the lake in his boxers. Sammy was only a step behind him.
Cas gave him a patient smile. The years hadn't been kind to his husband. Dean’s hair had turned gray, his car stopped running years ago, and the Alzheimer's made Dean forget and confuse things. A couple of years ago, Dean started thinking Cas was Death coming to collect him. He always played along.
Dean can’t wait until he’s back home and he doesn’t have to worry about strapping a microphone onto his clothes. He can’t wait to get back to reality. He can’t wait to start a real life with Cas.
Cas squints slightly at Dean’s wording. “Yes, Dean, like religion and shit,” he says lightly. “What do you do?”
That’s admirable to Dean. Considering Daisy has barely finished taking a sip of her champagne and there’s already a guy asking if he can steal her for a second.
Daisy takes a moment to look at each guy. Dean doesn’t notice when she looks at him because he can’t take his eyes off Cas. He only sees Cas because no one and nothing else matters to him.
Castiel nods along with that. Before Dean can say anything else, a few more guys join them on the couch, and turn the conversation onto Daisy and the show and how they’re already super into her.
Cas did end up relaxing. Especially after three drinks. They lie on two couches facing each other and stare at the ceiling.
The only times he feels truly at home is when he’s in Dean’s arms, but those moments are usually reserved for when one of them is dying.
Hello hello! Happy Christmas Eve! Y'all watch The Bachelorette finale? Crazy stuff. Anyway hope you guys like this chapter!!!! Please feel free to leave a comment/kudos or come talk to me on tumblr @swineaids!
Soon enough, they let him back into the house. He considers breaking into the basement again, but Dean thinks it’s too depressing to drink alone in the basement. He wanders around the house and chats to a few guys whose names he can’t remember and tries his best not to think about Cas.
Let me know what you think of this chapter!! Feel free to leave a comment and/or kudos! And my tumblr is swineaids if anyone's interested in talking to me over there!
Except Dean’s a big fat liar because he knows he’s not here for the right reasons. He’s standing across the bar from a gorgeous woman who he has no intention of marrying. He’s telling her to give Cas a rose because he wants more time with Cas. He wants another week with Cas. He doesn’t want to think about leaving the show and going back to Kansas while Cas goes back to New York. He doesn’t want to think about any of it.
“I wish I could go back in time,” Cas says. “We could have run away together. Or something. Be each other’s families.” He’s smiling. “Your brother, too. We could have,” Cas trails off. He looks wistful.
Dean wonders if Cas is straight. He hopes not. Maybe he and Cas could leave this show together. Maybe in another lifetime they could have met in normal circumstances.
Besides, it’s not like he’s going to be here much longer. There’s no way he lasts longer than a week or two on this show. Dean isn’t trying that hard to sweep Daisy off her feet. No. He’ll head back to Kansas and put this whole experience out of his mind. He’ll forget about Cas and Daisy and the cameras and everything else he’s gone through in the past few days.
Hi hi happy New Year's Eve. This one's a little short, but the next chapter is already mostly finished! Feel free to leave a comment/kudos!! Enjoy!!!
Dean grew out of that quickly. His dad was gone enough that Dean spent more nights being Sam’s protector rather than just a kid.
Dean doesn’t know much about her. He knows her name is Daisy and she was apparently the runner-up on last year’s Bachelor.
Dean nods. He knows Cas is right. Dean has spent so many years running from confrontation. He got used to hiding and ignoring and avoiding. But he’s a different person now. He cares more. He feels more. Dean knows he’s grown up a lot in the past few years, but he feels like he’s aged even more in just the past month.
God, he needs to chill. He remembers he used to be like this a lot when he was younger. Back when he was still in the closet and even more guarded, yet also more vulnerable. Back when he was easier to break.
The bus drives up most of the mountain and Dean is thankful for that. He’s never been a big fan of hiking. Sam and Jess used to hike constantly during their semester breaks. Dean joined them on occasion, but it didn’t feel like the magical experience that Sam promised it would be. It also didn’t help that Dean felt like a third wheel.
Cas leans down so his head is next to Dean’s. “Watch the sunrise with me,” he whispers into Dean’s ear.
She’s great, but Cas is something else. He’s incredible. He’s amazing. There’s something magical about him. Some part of him that draws Dean in and makes him want to give up everything for Cas.
Dean looks away, a smile spreading across his face like he’s powerless to stop it. Maybe he is. He squeezes their hands together.
Cas actually laughs at that. “Seriously?” He shakes his head slightly. “Are you going to have a job when you go back home?”
Cas doesn’t say anything about his weird behavior and unusual silence, which Dean appreciates. He wouldn’t know what to say anyway. He definitely can’t tell Cas that he doesn’t belong with Daisy, but shouldn’t go home yet. There’s no way in hell Dean is going to allow himself to be so vulnerable around a guy whose last name he doesn’t even know.
Dean doesn’t say anything. Castiel follows his eyeline back to Jack who is now sitting in a small patch of flowers.
Castiel smiles and he aches for the future they’ll never share. He aches for the future that will be him and Jack alone in the kitchen eating cereal. Dean brings so much life to an underground bunker, Castiel can’t even imagine what he would bring to their home.
He came on this show in search of something. Maybe not love, but Dean was definitely looking for something to shake things up. He fell into a rut in his twenties. It was way too easy to spend a decade sleeping around and drinking his feelings away and ignoring his emotions. It was way too easy to push people away and pretend he’s not the broken little kid he once was.
“No way. My brother nominated me too. Says he was too drunk to remember, but I’m betting he was closer to stone-cold sober.”
The producer just stares at him. Dean looks from her to the cameramen to a few other people mingling in the background as he tries to think of a response.
“Because I want to figure out what the hell this is,” Dean says, desperately. “I don’t want to go back to Kansas and have you go back to New York. I don’t want to lose this.”
He wants to leave the show. He wants to ask Cas to leave with him. He wants to move to New York for Cas.
His mind goes into overdrive while she leads him outside. Maybe she’s sending him home. Dean knows he wants to go home, but not until he can talk to Cas. Not until he can apologize and fix things. Not until he can explain himself, and maybe even ask Cas to give him a chance.
“Hang on, buddy, you ranted to me all day about how much the beach sucks,” Dean says. Watching Cas and Daisy hit it off makes Dean feel a lot of feelings that he isn’t able to name. They both give him an odd look.
Maybe one more day won’t kill them. Maybe they can accept a couple roses tonight and then leave in the morning.
Cas takes a few steps away from Dean when they hear someone shouting for them. Dean turns and sees one of the producers jogging to them. He silently curses.
He doesn’t feel lonely now. Cas is next to him. Dean finds it damn near impossible to look at the sunrise with Cas by his side. Cas keeps talking about the beauty of the mountains and the sky. He keeps talking about the breathtaking views of the mountains back home and the way the sun rises over the ocean and how it paints the entire sky in different yellows and pinks and oranges.
Castiel doesn’t know how he’s supposed to feel while searching for a house. Despite Dean sitting him down the other day and showing him several episodes of House Hunters, Castiel still spent most of the day feeling lost. The other houses Dean brought him too were nice, but Castiel couldn’t imagine spending his life in any of them. He couldn’t imagine watching Jack grow up in those houses. None of them felt right.
Maybe he could get there one day. He doesn’t struggle with internalized homophobia as much as he used to. He doesn’t deny his sexuality when asked about it. He used to wish he were straight. He doesn’t anymore, but sometimes he wishes his life was easier.
Cas sighs. He doesn’t often miss being an angel, but he does miss the ability to heal. He misses being able to take away Jack or Dean or Sam’s pain. He misses being useful.
“We’ve just been hanging out. Right, Cas?” Dean finally looks over and Cas seems like he’s trying to smile.
“Then we’ll paint bird houses. Whatever you two want,” Dean says and he’s really smiling now. “I’ll make you coffee with way too much sugar and we’ll sit on this porch and let the sun shine on our faces and we’ll enjoy the world we saved. We’ll stay here together. We’ll just breathe.”
Dean smiles when he imagines it. He grins as he pictures introducing Cas to Sam and Jess. He imagines Cas at the wedding. Cas in Dean’s car. Cas helping Dean babysit. Cas in Dean’s life.
It’s a mini golf date, which is kind of lame, but Dean’s happy to get out of the house. Even if it means he has to be around Daisy and a few of the other guys. Maybe he can hang back and put in no effort and let one of the other guys win. Maybe he can make it through this date and get back to the mansion and find Cas and apologize and actually have a conversation with the man.
“You mean to tell me that you never engaged in petty crime as a kid?” Dean jokes instead of answering the question.
And even now, with literal blood on his hands again, Castiel doesn’t feel the normal guilt that once plagued him daily.
All the realtors from the day blended together by this point, and this one tells Castiel that his husband and son are upstairs. He tilts his head at her and tries to make sense of the words.
There’s no music or phones or TV. They’re not allowed to leave the mansion. The only times the cameramen are there is when Daisy shows up, but she doesn’t stay in the house.
At the very least, he knows that Cas didn’t kiss her for the same reason Dean kissed her. Cas didn’t kiss her out of anger and frustration and a little bit of revenge.
But Castiel can fake sleep no more once Dean deposits Jack on the bed and the toddler lands on his stomach.
Dean wonders how Cas felt during the date today. Maybe he felt like he had no choice. Maybe he was just trying to figure out his feelings.
He needs to get out of there. He can’t watch Cas getting ready for a date with someone else. The someone else that they’re supposed to be falling in love with.
So, Dean went through the painstaking process of meeting producers and interviewing and going through a background check and creating a fucking Instagram account. He feels like a sell-out the moment he downloads the app. Not to mention, the producers politely demanded Dean tell them any and all skeletons in his closet. It bugged him, but he eventually revealed that he had a rough childhood with his mom dying young and left it at that. They don’t need to know all his darkest secrets. And when he was offered the opportunity to be on next season’s Bachelorette, Sam took him to get a suit and he and Jess threw Dean a going away party.
When Dean steps out of the limo for the first time, all he can think about is keeping his balance. He was informed by the producers that the ground is sprayed with a hose to keep it glistening. Dean isn’t used to walking around in loafers regardless, and he doesn’t want to make an ass of himself by slipping on the ground before he can even say hello.
Dean doesn’t even try to hold back his tears, but he does laugh. “Man, that’s like, so fucking cheesy.”
Hometown dates are coming up, apparently, and the pressure in the house is building. Dean knows that he and Cas can’t stay much longer. He knows they’re getting down to the wire. They talked a few times since the rose ceremony and they keep circling back to the same problems.
He likes Cas. He can admit that to himself now. He can admit that his feelings for Cas go deeper than his feelings for Daisy. He can admit that, at this point, he’s staying on the show for Cas.
“So, you hate beaches, but how do you feel about hiking?” Dean asks.They’re off the bus now and trailing behind the group far enough that no one can hear them. Besides the microphones strapped to their clothes. Dean kind of wants to tear it off his body.
Dean laughs because this whole situation is ridiculous. “This show’s about finding love, right? Why is everyone so focused on this petty drama?”
Turns out, attending several open houses in a row with a toddler is exhausting. Especially when said toddler turns clingy and insists on being held.
“We used to do these family hikes up in New Hampshire. It’s beautiful up there. When you’re that high up, it’s like nothing else matters.” He brushes his hand against Dean’s and lowers his voice. “I’ll take you there one day. You deserve to see that kind of beauty.”
Dean bites his tongue to keep from saying something too flirtatious. Maybe he should cool it with the drinks because he knows he’s getting dangerously close to making some comment about the things he wants to do to Cas.
No. Dean’s not staying here longer than he has to. It’s not fair to him and it’s not fair to Cas. He knows that they both deserve better than that.
Dean finally looks at Cas again. “I’ve had these walls up my whole life. Kind of like I was protecting myself. I didn’t let myself feel anything for so long.”
Dean chuckles. “My brother went to Stanford. It’s about five hours from here. You’d like it up there.”
And when Dean finally pulls back from the kiss and glances up, he sees Cas lingering in the doorway. He looks hurt, but not shocked, and Dean feels stuck.
He surprises himself when he says it, but it’s true. And if he’s picturing Cas’s face when he says it, then no one needs to know.
Dean isn’t familiar with the show. But he did his research and he knows he’s supposed to make an impression. He knows he’s supposed to make some grand gesture to impress the girl and separate himself from the rest of the contestants. He was told by the producers that nearly nothing is off limits. Apparently, this show is about proving you’ll do anything when it comes to love.
He tries to sound light and casual, but he knows he doesn’t care about this shit. He kind of hopes Daisy doesn’t give him a rose. He kind of hopes that Daisy eliminates him and Cas. He really, really hopes that Cas feels the same.
Castiel doesn’t need to hear the rest because he already knows. He’s always known, but he was never able to stomp out the last shard of hope that lived in his chest. But at least now he has an answer. He turns and leaves. He walks back downstairs, ignoring the pictures of the children, and steps outside to the back porch.
It’s simple. He doesn’t elaborate and Dean doesn’t ask. He doesn’t know if he wants the answer. But he does wonder, if Cas is here for love, why does he spend most of his time with Dean? That has to mean something. It can’t mean nothing.
He never intended on hurting Daisy either. But Dean sees the way she looks at him. He knows he can’t keep doing this. The longer he and Cas stay, the more pain it’s going to cause.
But Cas makes Dean feel like he can do anything. Cas is a warm light and Dean is a fly. Cas is honey and Dean is a bee. Cas brings meaning to a life that Dean was comfortable wasting. Cas is everything that Dean has been mindlessly searching for.
But this is different. Cas is different. Dean wouldn’t be following Cas because of a lack of purpose in his own life. He wouldn’t be following Cas for some self-serving reason. He’d be following Cas for them. For their relationship. For the future they could build together. Dean can make his own life in New York. He can be his own person with Cas by his side.
Daisy laughs again and rests her head against his arm. She’s short enough that her head doesn’t quite rest on his shoulder and she has to look up to see his face. Dean stares down at her smile and he just. He feels so guilty. He feels guilty for not liking her in the same way she likes him. He feels guilty for not wanting her like that. He feels guilty for playing a game when he has no interest in the grand prize. A part of Dean wonders if he ever liked her. Even on the first night in those few minutes before he met Cas.
Sam just laughs and Dean feels more at ease, excitement bubbling beneath the surface. That is, until Sam turns the conversation onto him.
Dean tries not to stare at Cas as he falls asleep because he knows that’s creepy, but he also can’t tear his eyes away. He can’t stop thinking about how everything he has ever wanted is sleeping in the bed next to him. He’s only known Cas for a few weeks, but Dean thinks he’d give up anything for him.
Dean holds the eye contact with Daisy until she looks away to get back on the bus. As soon as she does, he feels like he can breathe again. He brushes his hand against Cas’s, just to have something to ground him.
Still, Dean wants to kill Sam. Because Sam and Jess are happily engaged and watch The Bachelor together every night with a glass of wine. And after several glasses of wine, Sam decided to go online and nominate Dean as a potential contestant.
Daisy laughs. She leans into Dean’s side and holds onto him as if his body is supporting her. He feels her staring at him, but he can’t stop looking at Cas to confirm his suspicions.
So, instead, to ignore all of his thoughts, Dean leans forward and kisses her. He doesn’t know if he’s technically allowed to kiss her, especially on the first night, but she’s deepening the kiss so he figures it’s okay.
The mansion’s private beach is really far down off the property. Dean wonders out loud if they should be heading down there. This time it’s Cas, holding his hand and pulling him toward the beach and insisting that it’s fine.
Dean shakes his head because that could never happen. It would never happen. Sam might be similar to their dad, but he would never become that kind of person.
But mostly, he’s seen his hands covered in blood, even when there was no actual blood spilled. Castiel imagines his brothers and sisters swimming in an ocean of their blood. He imagines it washing over his body and drowning him. He imagines the blood of the humans he’s killed, and even some demons. He imagines his skin permanently dyed red.
Ten years ago, Dean wouldn’t have given Daisy or her feelings a second thought. Ten years ago, Dean wouldn’t have allowed himself a second glance toward Cas. Ten years ago, Dean wouldn’t have let himself fall in love.
But Jack isn’t in his room. Sometimes Jack wakes up early and goes to find Dean. Almost like he knows that Castiel is useless in the mornings. Castiel turns back to the kitchen and he pauses when he hears Jack talking.
They get ready surrounded by the other guys talking and laughing and worrying. Dean’s worrying too, but for completely different reasons.
In his moments of doubt, pain, and helplessness, Castiel looks at his hands to ground himself. Normal, human hands that never truly belonged to him. Jimmy Novak had a small scar on his right index finger from the time he was a child and slammed it in a door. His left pinky finger was crooked from when he broke it in college. And for a while, there was a tan line on his left ring finger.
Because it’s true. Cas shouldn’t have to apologize. They aren’t dating. They aren’t exclusive. They aren’t even a they. They’re Dean and Cas, not Dean-and-Cas. They’re just friends. Even if they did establish the other night that they both might want more than that.
“Even if you don’t end up moving there,” Cas says, maintaining eye contact. “You’ll visit. And I’ll show you around.”
When he gets upstairs, he finds Dean and Jack fairly quickly. They’re in one of the bedrooms, Jack distracted by a dollhouse in the corner of the room. Castiel wonders if it once belonged to one of the children who grew up here and if now its purpose is purely for the children of those children. He doesn’t even let his mind wander to the idea of Jack having children of his own one day. He can’t wrap his brain around that quite yet.
“Dean,” Jess sighed. She walked over and placed a hand on his shoulder. “I think it could be good for you. Meeting someone. Putting yourself out there. You owe it to yourself to find happiness.”
Dean nods. “He’s my kid brother. I don’t care how tall he is or how many degrees he has. Sometimes I feel like just yesterday he was still a child. And then I blinked and now he’s about to become a dad and a lawyer.”
He doesn’t tend to get weirdly possessive like this. At least not with people he barely knows. He’s possessive over Sam. He became possessive over Jess in a brotherly way. He became possessive over Lisa when they were dating. He doesn’t know why he’s feeling so possessive over Cas, a man he’s known for less than a week.
And then he’s walking toward Cas and acting before his brain can catch up and stop him. Dean puts a hand on the back of Cas’s neck, and Cas starts leaning in before Dean can even pull him forward.
They spend all their days together as it is, but Dean feels even more drawn to Cas now. Especially after the trauma bonding earlier. And it’s clear Cas feels the same way too since he doesn’t leave Dean’s side for the rest of the day.
“I came here to get engaged. If any guy in this room is here for a reason other than Daisy, then they should escort themselves out right now. That means you, Ellis,” Mason says.
Dean has seen Cas every single day for the past few weeks. He goes to sleep and wakes up every day with Cas just a few feet away from him. He spends day in and day out, with Cas, talking and laughing and joking and getting to know each other. Dean thinks Cas may know him better than any person in the world, besides Sam.
“Promise me you’ll start believing in yourself. Promise me you’ll go after the things you want and live your life unapologetically. Promise me you won’t stand in the way of your own happiness.”
Dean moves back to look at her and he smiles again. Maybe he could fall in love with her. He tells her that he’ll see her later and makes his way into the mansion behind her.
Dean nods. They’re walking slowly along the beach. They’re not holding hands, but they keep brushing their arms against each other. They keep looking at each other and smiling. Sometimes, Cas stops him and kisses him. Dean feels like he can’t breathe.
Cas nods. The sun is peeking out over the mountain range and a few rays land on Cas’s face. “Of course, Dean.”
“How’s it going, man?” Dean asks rather than commenting on the fact that he and Cas were practically in each other’s laps a minute ago.
Dean wonders if she has feelings for Cas. He wonders if Cas has feelings for her. He wonders how this whole mess is going to end.
Dean just wants to sleep as soon as they get back to the mansion, but Chris Harrison is waiting in the driveway with a bunch of cameras. He’s holding a rose. Dean silently curses.
Dean tries to give him some type of smile, but he still doesn’t relax. His walls are immediately up again. He doesn’t need anyone assuming anything before he can even figure out his own feelings.
Cas said he won’t accept another rose. Dean glances over and Cas looks like he might pass out. Dean’s glad he’s not the only one who’s nervous.
He’s open about his sexuality and he’s only sometimes ashamed of it. Dean wishes he could be braver. He wishes he could be one of those guys who goes to pride parades and covers themselves in glitter. He wishes he could be brave enough to celebrate who he really is. Dean’s been really sick of hiding himself lately.
Dean doesn’t say anything for a while. He doesn’t look at Castiel. He holds his hands in clenched fists and keeps his eyes trained on the wall. “I’m fine.”
“Cas,” Dean says immediately. He blushes and looks away. If Dean is getting a rose, then Cas better fucking get one too. “Castiel is great. And genuine.” A pause. “I think he’s here for the right reasons,” Dean says, because that seems to be what everyone wants to hear.
Dean looks up again and makes eye contact with Cas through the door. He gives him a small smile and Cas smiles back. “He’s really great,” Dean finally breathes out.
“So, this one is four bedrooms, two bathrooms, has an amazing backyard and kitchen, and it’s on a lake.”
Welcome to chapter seven! I hope you like it!! Sorry it took me a hot minute to update. I started my new job this week. Also there's a new season of The Bachelor. Anyone watching it? It's so unnecessarily dramatic, but that makes it fun to watch.
He waits for another moment, but she just goes back to her phone, so Dean takes that as his cue to fuck off. He passes the living room where he left Cas earlier, and goes straight up to his room.
He decidedly doesn’t look back. Daisy leads him to a more secluded area outside the mansion. Dean can’t stop looking at the rose she’s holding. He knows what this means. The first impression rose.
But Dean wasn’t prepared for silence from Cas. He wasn’t prepared for Cas to spend all his time alone and refuse to talk to Dean.
“Remember on our first night here when you said that neither of us would win this thing?” Dean asks.
“I know what you mean,” Cas says. He looks at her intensely. “Sometimes it’s nice to be reminded of home.”
Cas doesn’t give Dean much to go off of. He shrugs as he buttons up a light blue shirt. It really brings out his eyes and Dean tries not to stare.
But he also knows Dean and he knows Dean’s opinion of himself. He knows Dean never asked to be a father or help raise Castiel’s child. It’s just another reason to move out of the bunker.
He watches Dean’s face shift, his features closing off and his posture immediately straightening. He hasn’t stepped back, but Castiel can feel the distance Dean put between them in that moment.
So maybe that’s why he came on the show. He needed things to change. He didn’t necessarily expect to fall in love. He didn’t necessarily expect to find someone or make a connection with anyone.
“Hey,” Dean says. Cas turns to him. “No matter what, it’s always going to be only us. Okay? No one else. Nothing else. Just us.”
Cas hums at that, but doesn’t say anything else. Dean stands with him in comfortable silence and it’s nice. He almost forgets that they’re technically filming a TV show. That is, until one of the cameras joins them on the balcony and suddenly Daisy is there.
Tanner nods again and Dean looks at Cas. Panicked. Worried. Maybe waiting to talk to Daisy is stupid. Maybe they should just get out of here right fucking now.
“I hope you’re not bothered by what other people are saying,” Cas says. He’s moved back to Dean’s side and is resting a hand on his shoulder.
Cue a crying Jack, Dean and Cas rushing him to the infirmary, and Dean carefully bandaging his foot while Jack is held in Cas’s lap.
Still, Dean doesn’t have many regrets. There aren’t many of his stunts that stick out in his head as something he shouldn’t have done. Nothing’s killed him yet. Sam’s had to pick up a few broken pieces here and there, but Dean is mainly intact.
The men keep showing up one by one and just as Dean thinks this night might be never ending, Daisy walks into the room. Everyone falls silent and some of the men actually stand up as she enters.
Dean feels calmer every time after he talks to Cas. Maybe it’s the way Cas’s brain works or the sound of his voice, but there’s something about the other man that makes Dean’s panic disappear. The details and logistics of uprooting his life don’t seem as important. Cas is what’s important. As long as he has Cas, not much else matters.
Dean freezes the same way he does when he’s going into a fight. He turns to Castiel. “You guys going somewhere?”
Dean has done some stupid, reckless shit in his life. He’s done countless things without thinking that wound up almost killing him. He’s done so many risky things that he can’t even keep track anymore.
“The hell did we walk into?” Dean whispers to Cas. They’re standing in the corner of the room. A part of him wonders if this fight is genuine, or if the producers encouraged the guys to start shouting.
Dean understands. He doesn’t want to be here any longer either. But is he really about to uproot his entire life for one guy? Is he ready for that? Is he ready to move away from Sam and be truly on his own? Dean doesn’t want to rely on Cas the way he relies on Sam. He knows he relies on Sam a lot, maybe too much. And he doesn’t want Cas to be the reason for his happiness. He wants happiness along with Cas, not because of Cas.
“I still think you’re beautiful,” Cas says. He presses a kiss into Dean’s hair. “You’re still beautiful,” he murmurs.
“Yes, Jack,” Cas says, stroking Jack’s hair. “And no running in the bunker. And you have to watch where you’re going.”
Another guy pipes up from behind them. “I watched her last season and immediately had feelings for her. I applied as soon as they announced she was the next bachelorette.”
But the balcony doesn’t really matter. And if Dean does end up going to New York, then he’ll still have Cas. He doesn’t really need anything else.
The next day, Daisy has a one on one date with a guy in the house named Sawyer, and Dean couldn’t be more thrilled.
The sky is no longer black, but now different shades of medium blue. There’s a hint of orange in the distance, and it reminds Dean again of sleepless nights spent in the Impala. It reminds him of waking up at sunrise and watching the sky change from night to day. It reminds him of his years spent living in California, driving up and down the highway during the middle of the night, just so that he could watch the sunrise in the morning. It reminds him of the loneliness he felt every time he watched the sky change.
They don’t talk much for the rest of the bus ride, but Dean will occasionally point out something that they pass. He likes talking to Cas, and he just wants to have something to say. At one point, Dean looks away and catches Daisy’s eye. It reminds him of why he’s here and Dean just ignores the thought and watches Cas watch the world pass.
But Dean doesn’t want to go home. At least not yet. He knows he’s not going to find love here. He’s not going to find the person that would sacrifice everything for him. He probably won’t find that in the real world either. But he knows he’s definitely not going to find it here.
Dean really, really fucking wants to kiss him. He glances behind him and looks at everyone else huddled in their own groups. They’re not paying any attention to him and Cas, but the cameras are still on, and Dean wants to avoid any potential drama.
He spots Tanner talking with another guy. Dean thinks his name is Beckett. They give him a slightly weird look when Dean walks over.
His eyes are already on Cas as he grabs the two beers next to him. He needs to get back to Cas. He needs to talk about something other than being here for the right reasons or roses or this stupid fucking show.
And he feels guilty for thinking of his dad as abusive. His dad did his best as a single parent. The word abuse is strong and it leaves a bad taste in Dean’s mouth.
Dean prays to a god he doesn’t believe in that neither him nor Cas receive this rose. He’s too tired for this shit. He’s not going to keep dragging this out. If there’s another rose ceremony in a few days, then he and Cas really need to get their shit together.
Cas shrugs, clearly just as confused, but the rest of the guys are already excitedly making their way outside.
Dean doesn’t know what to say after Tanner leaves. He likes knowing that there’s someone else in his and Cas’s corner. Maybe not on the same team, but at least allies. Dean can appreciate that.
Dean laughs slightly, the tears still gathering in the corners of his eyes. He never used to be this emotional. Cas certainly makes him feel a lot of things. He certainly brings out the emotions in Dean.
Dean nods. “Yes. I want to be with you. I want to hike up mountains and watch the sunrise and have a real life with you.”
“Okay, yeah, I get it. Me too. I’m not the mistakes I made,” Dean says, clearly not believing his own words.
But Dean is thirty. One-night stands are getting exhausting. Sam and Jess are the perfect couple, and Dean finds himself wanting that. He wants someone who will put him first above all else. He wants someone who will love him unconditionally for who he is. He wants someone who doesn’t care about all the shit in his life and garbage in his mind.
There is already a large group of guys hanging around the place. They’re all impeccably dressed and chatting and sipping cocktails. Dean feels entirely out of his element. He’s far too aware of the cameras milling about the place and capturing everything that’s happening. The microphone strapped to his back feels heavy and Dean just wants a beer.
Dean breathes out a laugh. “Dude, I pay six hundred now.” Cas is giving him a look and Dean glares gently before Cas can get a word out. “And you’re not helping me make rent.”
Dean feels his heart drop out of his chest at that thought. He’s never needed protecting. It’s his job to look after Sam and he doesn’t care that there’s no one watching out for him. He doesn’t need that.
“Hey, man, I indulge plenty,” Dean jokes, a slight edge to his tone. He thinks about all the drinking and fucking he’s done over the years. He’s indulged in too much.
Dean didn’t agonize this much when he moved with Sam to California. Out there, he had Sam. Sure, they fought, but they still had each other. They were still brothers and nothing was ever going to break that bond.
Tanner leans forward and the smile is wiped from his face. “Look, you guys are cool and I don’t really care what’s going on here.”
It’s not like he’s going to find love on this show. It’s way too manufactured. None of this is genuine. And even if he does feel a connection with Daisy, how could he possibly compare to thirty other men? Sure, Dean feels like he can measure up in looks. But what about personality? What about providing for her? What about being there for her emotionally? The producers have made it clear that they’re not above pushing contestants to tears.
He knows it’ll upset Dean. Dean always seems upset when he leaves for an extended period of time, but he never stops Castiel. Dean always lets him leave and Castiel doesn’t think he can keep doing that. He can’t keep coming and going, unsure of his place. Dean has said they’re family and Castiel never quite understood or believed it until Jack came into the picture. Even so, Castiel can’t help the seed of doubt that sits in his head.
Tanner comes out to the balcony after a while and Dean doesn’t even bother moving away from Cas. He just can’t be bothered to give much of a shit anymore. Not when he has Cas and they’re leaving as soon as Dean can have a conversation with Daisy.
Cas kisses him. Dean wonders if there’ll be a day where he won’t feel like his heart is going to stop every time Cas kisses him. Dean isn’t sure he wants that day to come.
“Yes,” Cas says simply. He looks at Dean and knocks their shoulders together, smiling. “Guess I was right.”
Sam’s happy. He’s engaged to his college sweetheart. He has an apartment and a dog and plans to be married in a year. And it’s not that Dean doesn’t want that. It’s just that he doesn’t know how to get it. He doesn’t know what happiness looks like.
The producer doesn’t say anything else and Dean squirms in his seat. Eventually, she asks a few questions about some of the other guys in the house and Dean tries to answer them the best he can.
But Sam does. Sam thinks he’s discovered the secret. Sam thinks that since now he’s an adult, he can try to take care of Dean in the same way that Dean would always take care of him.
It’s a huge game that Dean has little interest in playing. Sure, he likes Daisy and he likes talking to her, but he isn’t here to make drama out of nothing. He’d rather just hang out with Cas.
Dean thinks back to the night he met Cas. He thinks about how reserved and nervous Cas was. He thinks about how Cas bluntly stated that neither of them was going to end up with Daisy.
But he’s not that person anymore. He’s grown up a lot in the past few years. He’s learned to become more comfortable with himself. He not only admitted that he is bisexual, but he came out to Sam and decided to live his truth.
Moving out of the bunker for Jack’s sake is the right thing to do, but Castiel will still miss it. He’ll miss Dean’s cooking and company and laughter. He’ll miss accompanying Sam on research binges and the family movie nights. It’s far from the first time that Castiel finds himself leaving Dean, but that doesn’t make it any easier. He’s going to really, really miss Dean.
Dean doesn’t really know how to respond, but he does feel the angsty teenager inside of him wanting to lash out and shut down. Cas isn’t saying anything either.
“No,” Cas says firmly. “But I’m going to miss this view. I’m going to miss this little bubble we have where it’s only us.”
The producers eventually tell them they have to wrap up the conversation because it’s time for the rose ceremony. Dean doesn’t really understand why he has to be a part of that bullshit considering he already has a rose and is technically safe. He’d rather just go to bed.
But it doesn’t make him feel anything. He feels more when Cas smiles at him. He feels more when Cas touches him. It makes Dean feel invincible. Like he could do anything.
“Dean,” Sam says, and Dean immediately relaxes. He hasn’t heard Sam’s voice in a month, and Dean didn’t realize how much he could miss hearing it.
He pulled the door shut behind them and led Cas into the main basement area as if he owned the place. He spotted the bar immediately and was grabbing two glasses without a second thought. He figured Cas would worry less with some alcohol in his system.
Sometimes Castiel thinks that Dean has to know. There’s no way they’ve been allies, friends, and family for twelve years without Dean once wondering about Castiel’s feelings. There’s simply no way.
Cas nods. “New York. Inwood, actually. It’s as north Manhattan as you can get without leaving the city.”
But that shit gets old really quick. Especially when your baby brother has a stable life and a beautiful fiancée. Between the two of them, Dean was the one turning into their dad.
“She died when I was four. House fire. Something in the electrical, I think. Dad tried to save her, but couldn’t,” Dean says. He stares at the ground. It’s hard to comprehend that he’s talking about his own life. “I wanted to be a firefighter for a while after that. But I don’t know. It never really panned out. I don’t think I could be in the business of saving people. I can barely look after myself,” he continues. He tries to joke and keep his tone light, but Cas sees right through him.
“Yes,” he says with a nod. He doesn’t know what else to say so he opts to just keep smiling as Daisy goes to pin the rose to his jacket and then leans forward to kiss him.
Dean feels himself exhale and relax. He didn’t realize how tense he was until he heard Daisy call Tanner’s name. Dean doesn’t know what he would have done if Daisy gave him a rose in that moment. It would mean he’s safe. It would mean he’s one step closer to marrying her. It would mean getting closer to a life he doesn’t want, and further from a life he does.
Dean doesn’t really know what to say in response. He keeps smiling, but the idea of this show moving into real life feels strange to Dean. It feels weird to think that he could potentially be engaged to this woman in just nine weeks. The idea doesn’t sit right with Dean.
It’s late. The sun has set. Dean can hear commotion coming from downstairs. Daisy is back from her date and they’re technically supposed to be waiting to greet her.
“But it’s more than just that. I feel like I discover something new every day. When I walk around the city, I feel like I’m a part of something.”
Can’s eyes soften and he shakes his head the tiniest bit. Dean’s thankful they’re in the back row because Cas moves his hand over to Dean’s.
Nevertheless, Daisy doesn’t let go of Dean’s arm for the duration of their Ferris wheel ride and the walk back to the bus. She’s still talking to Cas, but she’s holding onto Dean. It’s probably for the best. Dean doesn’t want to imagine the feelings he would have if Daisy was clinging onto Cas instead.
Dean feels the panic rise up in his chest as he watches the rest of the guys start to walk forward. He looks at Cas who appears equally nervous. This isn’t how it was supposed to happen.
Dean’s exhausted on the ride back to the mansion, but he forces himself to stay awake. Cas falls asleep, his head resting on Dean’s shoulder, and Dean nearly sprains a muscle trying to keep as still as possible. He’s seen Cas sleep plenty of times now, but having Cas rest his body against Dean’s for support makes his heart nearly stop in his chest. Dean thinks he might explode with all these feelings he has for Cas.
She leads them back to the house, turning around every few moments to make sure they’re following, so there’s no chance for Dean to talk to Cas or even grab his hand.
Maybe he would have been bothered by it in the past. Maybe if he was ten years younger, he would push Cas away and insist he’s no fag and go hook up with Daisy.
“How much do you like the beach?” Dean asks. There’s a small bus waiting in the driveway of the mansion and Daisy is in front in a bikini and holding a bag of beach toys.
A couple of other guys join their conversation and turn their attention to the upcoming rose ceremony. There’s talk about how many guys Daisy will be sending home. Apparently, midweek rose ceremonies are not common at all, and the rules fly out the window. Dean wonders why there are so many rules if the show is seemingly hellbent on breaking nearly all of them.
Dean feels a little more relaxed after their conversation. He feels a little more solid in his standing with Cas. Not that he wasn’t before, but Cas made it clear that he wants Dean for everything that he is. Even the broken parts.
But things are good right now and Castiel knows his plans to move out will rock the boat. So, he plans to bring it up gently.
It’s not that pathetic. At least not in Dean’s opinion. Sam usually spends the holidays with Jess and her family. They always extend an invitation to Dean, but he doesn’t want to intrude.
And a vague email with house listings is not something Castiel knows how to decipher. At least not before coffee.
Cas shakes his head. “I know some landlords. And it’s not that expensive. Rent in upper Manhattan can be less than a couple thousand a month.”
“I don’t really care that I didn’t get the rose. It’s just nice to have a conversation. I feel a little more secure about my place here, which is good. I don’t really want to go home yet.”
It’s not really impromptu if they were given a warning last night, Dean thinks, but whatever. He’s not going to be on this show much longer. Soon enough, he’ll get back to the real world. And then he can start a life with Cas. Dean smiles at the thought.
Dean feels like he’s listening to Sam. Sometime during high school was when Sam started getting annoyed at Dean trying to take care of him. It culminated into a huge fight a week before Sam left for Stanford when Dean announced he was tagging along.
The sit together for as long as they can. They hold hands and bask in the silence, and Dean stares into Cas’s eyes. Warm. Loving. Kind. Blue blue blue eyes.
Dean shrugs. He feels doubtful. Maybe he shouldn’t talk to her. It’s not like they had an actual relationship.
If he gets a rose. He looks at Cas again and Cas is just staring at the ground. He doesn’t move for a few seconds, but then he starts walking. Dean watches the guys in front of him move forward, but he can’t. He feels stuck. He didn’t mean for things to end up like this.
“It’s not just that,” Castiel says. “Jack deserves to be raised in a house like a normal kid. After everything, the least I can give him is a normal life.
Castiel hesitates. The houses were all incredibly different from each other. Different styles and in different places and some sat on the edge of a lake and some were in the middle of nowhere and some were in the center of suburban neighborhoods. Castiel isn’t sure he has any type of preference. But he does like the lake houses.
“I hope that’s not weird to say,” Cas says. “I promise, I’m usually a well-adjusted adult. But sometimes I think I’ll be holding onto this teen angst for the rest of my life.”
Cas frowns. “Too complicated. I don’t know anything about cars. It’s part of the reason I like the city. No need for a car.”
Oh, and they’re required to hang in and around the great room. Dean is specifically told by a producer that he and Cas can’t “wander off” like normal.
“Sometimes I wish I could have things. Things that I never imagined wanting,” Dean says. He almost whispers it.
He thinks about moving to New York for Cas. He thinks about having to find another job out there. He thinks about leaving Sam back in Kansas. Morbidly, he thinks about his parents’ graves in Lawrence. He thinks about how he can go wherever the hell he wants, but his parents will forever be stuck in the ground in Lawrence.
Dean kisses him on the porch of the house they’re going to buy with their son in the backyard, and it’s the closest Castiel’s felt to flying in a very long time. This feels like coming home. Castiel doesn’t have to close his eyes and dream up a fantasy of everything falling into place. He imagines kissing Dean on this porch every morning for the rest of their lives and he realizes he gets to have it. They get to have this.
Still, he smiles. He thinks about how easy it would be to lean down and kiss her again. He thinks about how easy it would be to win this competition. He knows how to say all the right things. He knows what to say to make girls fall in love with him.
Dean glances at Cas, who is looking away, before turning his attention back to Daisy. He nods to her.
Dean looks away at that. He’s never had a person say these kinds of things to him. When he’s dated people in the past, so many of them focused on his looks. He got used to being called pretty. Dean would accept the compliments and reject the emotional intimacy. But he’s never been called beautiful. Not like this.
He doesn’t look at Cas. “We travelled a lot when I was a kid. My dad dragged us to different motels all over the country. You pick up that shit quickly when your brother’s only chance for a hot meal is to sneak into someone’s house and steal their food,” Dean says. He surprises himself for admitting that. Maybe it’s easier to open up after a few drinks and you can’t see the other person’s face.
Dean sighs, but he knows they can’t stay on this balcony forever. He briefly wonders if Cas’s apartment has a balcony. Dean lets himself imagine a future where he and Cas sit on a New York City balcony together and watch the sun rise and set. He imagines a tiny apartment and brick walls and the sounds of traffic. He imagines a life with Cas. Every part of Dean wants that life with Cas, and it doesn’t scare him for a second.
“You know, the New York City Fire Academy is only a four-month program,” Cas mumbles. In the middle of their make out session.
“My brother and I took a road trip to celebrate him graduating college. Drove through California and Colorado and Wyoming and places like that. Drove through the Rockies for a while. It’s the middle of nowhere, but it’s so fucking beautiful.”
Dean tries to not get choked up at that. “God, I want to kiss you so badly,” he says. He doesn’t give a fuck about the mics.
Cas glances back and nods once to Dean. He jerks his head toward the rest of the guys and Dean starts walking. He lets a producer tell him where to stand, and a part of Dean considers walking out of the room. He thinks about taking Cas’s hand and just leaving. Skip talking to Daisy and just announcing that he and Cas are going to leave.
Dean ends up playing really well the rest of the night. So much so that, after Daisy reminds everyone that the guy with the best score gets extra time with her, he purposefully loses. He sneaks a glance at her face and can see the disappointment spread across her features.
Dean wanders inside, still wrapped up in his thoughts, and catches sight of Cas standing in the corner of the room. Dean finds himself slowly making his way over.
Dean looks away at that. “Sometimes I don’t know if I want to keep being a mechanic,” he says honestly.
“Cas,” Dean says, his voice breaking. He feels devastated. Angry. He wishes he could go back in time and beat Cas’s dad to a bloody pulp.
The rest of the date is spent in the arcade next door. Dean strikes up a conversation with one of the guys, Parker, who isn’t hyperfocused on Daisy. It’s a breath of fresh air. Until Daisy taps Dean on the shoulder and asks to speak to him.
But Castiel holds him. He would never deny Jack comfort. And truth be told, after three years of not being able to hold Jack like this, Castiel relishes in the chance to keep his child close to his heart.
He decidedly does not mention the nights he spent sleeping in the car with his dad and Sam. Their conversation is already getting uncomfortably close to family. Dean wants to avoid the subject as much as he possibly can.
Hi hi welcome back! Hope y'all enjoy this chapter. I have the next one nearly completed already so I'm gonna try not waiting another full week to post it.
Dean refuses to allow himself to break. It’s not going to happen, especially on some shit reality show.
“Oh yeah. I work for a family friend. Bobby. He’s a good guy. Told me to go off and do the show as long as I don’t make him watch it after.”
This time they find themselves in the basement. The door leading downstairs was locked, but that’s never stopped Dean before.
As it turns out, making the decision to leave is one of the easier parts of this process. Dean can run his mouth all he wants about how little he cares for this show. He can rant about it until he is blue in the face. But he still hesitates to march up to a producer, hand in hand with Cas, and announce their departure.
Dean smiles and pretends he’s paying attention to the conversation. Someone ends up handing him a glass of wine and he tries to keep himself from downing it in one gulp. He needs something to settle his nerves. At least he feels a little more solid after talking to Castiel. Dean thought all the guys here would be empty and vapid. Castiel is the complete opposite of all those expectations, and Dean can’t help but feel drawn to him.
This house will be protection for him and Jack too, but it’s also more than that. It’s not running away from the chase of angels and demons. It’s not him sticking his head in the sand. This is the start of a new life, a new normal. Castiel choosing to put Jack’s needs first. This is him choosing to leave behind the life of a warrior.
They’re standing on the driveway in front of the mansion with the rest of the guys. Dean takes a moment to look around the front of the mansion. It looks different from the first night. He remembers stepping out of the limo and noting how beautiful Daisy and the mansion were. Now, it just looks like some oversized house. The driveway isn’t hosed down. The lights are off. Dean isn’t searching for the beauty like he was before. He has Cas now. He found beauty in Cas.
“I’m the one who possessed him, Dean,” Castiel says, aching again. Jimmy Novak is one of his biggest regrets and Castiel knows he will live with that pain for the rest of his life.
Dean laughs because they’re already way past personal. He’s lying on a couch in a therapist’s office and crying about how he was daddy’s blunt instrument.
Dean doesn’t really know where to go from here, but thankfully they’re interrupted by a guy coming onto the patio and asking to steal Daisy away for a conversation. Dean smiles to her as she walks away, and then he turns to look at the mountains again.
If he was ten years younger, he wouldn’t give it a second thought. He would have hooked up with her by now.
Still, Dean wants to put in the effort and show off his authentic self. Sure, he thinks this whole thing is a joke and ridiculous, but he’s here so he might as well give it a shot. Besides, he saw a picture of Daisy and he can admit she’s hot. Dean would go on national TV to score some time with a hot chick. And being surrounded by 30 attractive guys isn’t so bad either.
“Hi there,” Dean says, smiling at her. He approaches her slowly and she immediately opens her arms for a hug.
Tanner must sense the tension because he says, “nothing wrong with making friends.” Dean silently thanks him.
“Because I’m a killer, Cas.” Dean finally looks back at him. “It’s like you’ve forgotten that’s all I am.”
When they get to the front of the line, all three of them pile into one cabin together and Dean can’t help but feel slightly bitter. He isn’t sure why he’s feeling like this. He likes the idea of being on the Ferris wheel alone with Cas. Even though he spent all day with Cas and he’s supposed to be here for Daisy.
And even if he does move to New York, it doesn’t mean he can never go back to Kansas. It doesn’t mean he can never visit his parents’ graves in Lawrence or go see Bobby.
He doesn’t want to go home. He doesn’t want to be here. He doesn’t want to be with Daisy or play this stupid fucking game anymore.
“Daisy. Gentlemen,” Chris greets as soon as they’re off the bus. “We’re having a bonus rose ceremony in a few days. So, you guys better make the most of your time.” He holds up the rose. “But in the meantime. Daisy.” He walks forward and hands her the rose.
Dean’s never felt like that before. But the feeling is intoxicating and Dean knows he would be an idiot to let it go without a fight.
He and Cas head downstairs and into the great room. There’s no alcohol or Daisy, which is unusual, but Dean tries to not let it bother him. He focuses on his breathing. He focuses on Cas right next to him.
He doesn’t feel anything. Dean kisses Daisy the same way he always kisses girls. Fast. Hard. Aggressive. It’s second nature to him.
Dean feels bad for thinking it, but he hopes Cas doesn’t get it. Yes, he wants Cas to stay at the house, but he doesn’t know how he would feel if Cas actually made it through the whole show, proposed, and lived an apple pie life with some random girl.
Dean notices the way Cas looks genuinely relieved. Cas doesn’t know Sam beyond Dean’s stories. Yet, he still cares. He still worries. He stands around while Dean’s on the phone and waits for confirmation that Sam is okay.
Dean is a bad person. He is a bad person who hurts people and takes what he wants and doesn’t regard other people’s feelings.
Dean chokes out a breath and nods. He looks at the ground. “I never really thought about having kids. I always thought I was too fucked up. And I was scared that I would turn into my father.” Cas’s hand finds Dean’s. “I already know Sam’s gonna be a great dad. And maybe I wouldn’t be so bad either.”
They don’t get a chance to talk later because after the rose ceremony, Daisy is ushered away and the rest of the remaining guys, all seventeen of them, are told that filming has commenced and there will be another date in a few days.
“I thought you two were joined at the hip,” Beckett says. There’s something about his tone that has Dean immediately building up his defenses.
Dean turns around to see Cas in the doorway. He looks exhausted. His eyes are tired and his shirt is untucked and wrinkled and he looks like he had a long day at work rather than going on a date.
Cas looks like he’s about to say something, but he doesn’t. He leaves the room and Dean hopes he’s not upset. He never intended on hurting Cas.
Dean nods even though he can’t relate, but he thinks it would be easier than explaining that he moved around so much that he never had a field day. Pretending to understand is easier than further bumming out Daisy with more depressing details of his life.
“Look, man, you don’t have to apologize,” Dean says again. He swallows the pain and the tears and forces a smile that doesn’t quite reach his eyes. “We’re here for Daisy.”
“I’ve killed so many people, Cas. Monsters, mostly, but people too. Innocent people. People who were possessed by demons who we couldn’t save. Monsters who weren’t actually monsters and just lived quiet lives.” He hesitates. “I know you think you’re solely responsible for Jimmy Novak’s death, but I feel like I killed him too.”
He and Dean are already walking away from the rest of the guys. A few have split off and a few are crowding around Daisy to be the first to spend time with her. Dean notices one of the cameramen following him and Cas as they make their way to look at the rides.
Dean doesn’t get how someone like Cas could possibly like someone like him. He doesn’t understand how Cas can see all of his broken pieces and still think he’s beautiful. He doesn’t get it. But that doesn’t mean he has to push Cas away.
Anyone else watching The Bachelorette this season? Crazy stuff. I feel like I sound like the biggest bachelor fan in the world, but I promise I'm really not that obsessed. I'm trying to keep details about the show as accurate as I can.
“I am,” Dean says. The familiar warmth of the past few days spreads through his chest again. “I definitely found what I was looking for.”
More like, Dean doesn’t want to lose Cas. More like, Dean doesn’t want to let go of Cas now that he has him. He can feel in his gut that they are meant to end up together, and he is not letting anything ruin that.
Castiel understands. He’s all too familiar with the longing and aching for Dean Winchester that seems to permanently reside in his bones.
Dean shrugs. “I have no complaints. I try to pick up more shifts around the holidays. People visit home, fight with their families, get super drunk, and tip us well. If someone is having a shitty Thanksgiving, at least I get to profit off it,” he jokes.
He goes back to his place in the midst of other guys. He feels like he can finally breathe again once the next guy is called and everyone’s attention turns to him.
That’s not how it’s supposed to go. That’s not how it’s meant to turn out. There’s a small part of Dean that just knows it’s not going to end like that, simply because it’s not supposed to. Dean tends to trust his gut, and right now his gut is telling him that Cas does not belong with Daisy.
Jealousy, he figures, because he and Cas are supposed to be competing for this girl’s hand in marriage.
Maybe Dean can just talk to her after the rose ceremony. He can explain himself and then he and Cas can leave. No drama.
Cas rubs Dean’s back and leans in even closer to him. “You sacrificed so much of yourself over and over. Don’t you think you deserve happiness now?”
“It’s cool,” Tanner says. Dean silently begs him to not say anything else. “Daisy’s back. One of the producers asked me to get you guys.” Silence. “I’ll see you guys down there then.”
Thankfully, after getting back on the bus, another guy snags the seat next to Daisy before she can ask Cas to sit with her. Dean is secretly pleased about this for reasons he doesn’t really understand. But he is happy about getting to have Cas to himself on the ride back. During the drive, one of the producers reminds everyone that Daisy will be handing out a rose when they get back to the house.
Dean doesn’t look at Cas, even after Tanner leaves and they make their way through the mansion. Maybe it would be best to put space between them. Maybe the idea of pursuing Cas is stupid and childish and the completely wrong decision. Maybe Dean should focus on Daisy, like the show intends.
“I’m really happy you guys are here,” Daisy says to the room. Everyone’s eyes are trained on her. “To me, falling in love is about finding your best friend. It’s about finding the person who makes you laugh. The person who puts you above everyone and everything else in their life. The person who is willing to sacrifice anything and everything for you.” Daisy pauses. Dean catches her eye. “That’s who I’m looking for. And I know that person is in this room right now.”
But accidents still happen, and they happen in the form of Jack stepping on a random shard of glass that must have escaped their notice.
When the room is too dark to see the words on the page, Dean hides the book again and heads out onto his and Cas’s balcony. He sits and looks at the mountains. He can’t believe that people live next to mountains. He can’t believe that people get to look out their bedroom windows every morning and see beauty like this.
“Jesus, Sam,” Dean breathes out. He feels like he just lost ten years off his life. “Don’t fucking do that again.”
That gets Cas laughing some more, even if he does shake his head at the end. He shrugs. “I love Gabriel. I do. But sometimes he acts like we’re still kids and he has to take care of me.”
And so Castiel copies Dean’s movements, kissing Jack’s foot and then his forehead. Logically, he knows it does nothing. He’s no longer a healer. But Jack does seem to be more at peace after Cas’s lips graze his forehead.
“I look at my hands and they belong to a killer. A monster. These hands weren’t made to nurture and raise a child.”
Castiel pictures a swing set in the backyard. Maybe he’ll keep bees out here too. When he gets out of the car and looks around the front yard, he finds that the Impala looks right at home in the driveway. Again, Castiel ignores the pining in his chest.
Dean glances at Cas. Not for the first time, he’s left wondering if Cas is truly only here for Daisy or if his priorities are other places. Dean’s certain that his own have shifted in his time here. But he doesn’t really know what that means.
Cas actually rolls his eyes at that, which does weird things to Dean’s insides that he chooses to ignore, and asks Dean about the best rides.
On the day of the rose ceremony, Dean is woken up by Cas before the sun has even risen. He groans tiredly and rubs his hands over his eyes.
He’s tired. He wants to rest. He is no longer a soldier. Now, he is a father and he wants to raise his son in peace.
Dean doesn’t need any other motivation to get out of bed. He’s up and Cas is grabbing his hand and soon enough they’re on their balcony. Dean sighs as he relaxes against the railing, Cas next to him. Their arms brush together and Dean has never felt so content in his life.
“Dean,” she sighs. She takes both of his hands. He looks at her. “I want you to know that I’m starting to really like you. I have these feelings for you and,” she pauses. “I could see myself falling in love with you.”
He still can’t believe Sam nominated him for this. He wants to know what Sam said in the application for the producers to choose him.
A small part of Dean thinks about how he will have plenty of time in the future to kiss Cas. He thinks about a future where he and Cas can do nothing except lie in bed all day and kiss and talk and be with each other.
The only thing in the body of the email is a dozen links to different house listings, all over the country. Castiel clicks through them one by one, quickly noticing that there are no listings in Kansas, and tries to wrap his brain around the implications of this.
Dean knows that’s all he wants. He just wants to be with Cas. He wants to exist next to Cas and just watch him be. Dean thinks he would be content if he were to spend the rest of his life just watching Cas be.
They’re still standing there, smiling, and Dean hopes she can have it in her heart to forgive him after this whole thing ends. He hopes she won’t hold a grudge against him for toying with her feelings. Even now, in this mess, Dean knows he’s not going to end up with her. He knows that Daisy isn’t it for him. Not in the way Cas is. She’s really nice and doesn’t deserve Dean treating her like this. She doesn’t deserve a guy whose thoughts are stuck on someone else.
“So, are you leaving soon then? If you like this Cas guy then there’s no way you’re getting a rose, right?”
He’s given a bottom bunk and it’s only a few feet from Cas. Dean rubs his hands over his face as he lies down. He finally has a moment to think.
Bullshit. In Dean’s eyes, Sammy is still the little brother who needs protecting. It doesn’t matter that Sam is three inches taller than him. Dean can tower over him any day.
“At least you have your job waiting for you when you get back. My brother told me that some people actually quit their jobs to be a part of this bullshit.”
“I’m just saying that since you’ve gotten here, all you’ve done is try to cause drama,” one of the guys is saying to another.
Dean sits on his bed and rubs his hands over his face. He doesn’t want another rose. He doesn’t want to be here. He doesn’t want to continue any sort of romantic relationship with Daisy. He just wants to be with Cas.
“I’ll miss them too. But you’ll have me. We’ll have each other. And you’ll have a backyard to run around and play. Maybe we can have a garden and grow our own vegetables. And we can paint your bedroom whatever color you want.”
Castiel tries to keep a close eye on Jack as much as he possibly can. The bunker is huge and dangerous and certainly not a place to let a toddler run around freely.
Thankfully, Cas doesn’t say much else. He gives Dean a kind smile and goes back to looking out the window.
Castiel sits up and wraps his arms around Jack. The smile on Dean’s face is glowing and Castiel returns it.
Dean feels his heart nearly drop out of his chest. He doesn’t notice Cas’s hand fall to his wrist because he’s already across the room and grabbing the phone out of the producer’s hand and rushing out to the backyard.
“Hey, kid,” Dean says. Jack looks over curiously at the box of Disney princess band-aids. “You want Ariel or Belle on your foot?”
Daisy tries smiling. Dean tries to not think about how the other guys here are doctors and lawyers and professors. He’s a mechanic who occasionally moonlights as a bartender and gleefully takes money from sad alcoholics.
“Thanks, man. And congrats. Seriously. I can’t wait to see you in action as a dad. You’re gonna be amazing. You and Jess both.”
Tanner shrugs. “Just that you guys seem more interested in each other than the show. A few homophobic jokes. I don’t know. I thought you guys would want to know.”
It’s still their biggest fight to date. They didn’t speak for a few days, but then came to the solution that Dean will still go to California, but do his own thing.
“Cas,” Dean says softly. He presses his lips to Cas’s again. Not quite kissing him. Dean just lets himself take in Cas. He lets himself take in the moment.
“Uncanny,” Dean chuckles. “A kiss to make it better,” he says. He leans in and kisses Jack’s injury, and then moves up to kiss his forehead. The top of his head bumps Castiel’s chin.
“And you feel guilty for making them the villain in your head. And then you wonder if you’re remembering things wrong,” Dean finds himself saying, relating to Cas.
“Yeah,” Daisy nods, smiling. “I love this place. I grew up on the beach here. It’s nice to be somewhere that reminds me of home.”
They’re lying in their bunks now. They’re not looking at each other even though Dean really, really wants to stare at Cas. Sometimes Dean tends to overthink.
For one thing, they’re not filming again until the rose ceremony. And Dean still has a lot to consider. He needs to find an apartment and find a job and figure out what to do with his car and how he’s going to move all his stuff a thousand miles across the country.
When they crawl into their separate beds that night, Dean desperately wishes he could be next to Cas. He imagines their future together. He imagines sharing a bed with Cas every night. He imagines feeling safe and protected with Cas next to him. He imagines just getting to be with Cas.
Dean has recruited Castiel and Jack to help cook dinner. He said something about Castiel needing to know how to make more than just peanut butter and jelly sandwiches now that he’s human again and needs to eat. When Castiel asked why he wanted a toddler in the kitchen during the cooking process, Dean said he read online that kids are more likely to eat if they have a hand in the cooking. Castiel asked where online and Dean eventually admitted he had been reading a bunch of mommy blogs.
“Hi guys,” Daisy greets, already receiving some hugs from a few of the more eager men. “We’re heading to my hometown today. It’s not quite a hometown date, yet, but we’re visiting the Santa Monica pier. I grew up on that beach, and I can’t wait to share it with someone special.”
Dean leans forward and looks directly into the camera. “I can definitely see myself falling in love.”
They stare at each other. Cas has a very intense gaze. His eyes are sharp. Dean feels exposed. He feels like Cas knows him, knows every part of him. If Dean was younger and more vulnerable maybe he’d look away. He’d make a joke and smile and ignore the feeling in his gut that tells him to trust Cas.
Dean grabs his suitcase from under his bed and immediately starts packing. Not that he ever really unpacked. Growing up in motel rooms taught Dean how to live out of a suitcase. If packing quickly was a sport, then he and Sam would have gold medals.
The producer is near the mansion’s front door, scrolling lazily on her phone. She barely glances up.
Because he does. But he isn’t sure if now is the time to dump even more of his emotional baggage on Cas’s shoulders.
Daisy breaks off the kiss after a couple minutes. Dean knows he has an electric smile and flashes it for her once again. She blushes and leans forward to kiss him once more.
“Some of the other guys have said that they can see themselves falling in love with Daisy. Do you think you can also see yourself falling in love with her?”
Dean takes a deep breath and glances around the room to find one of the cameramen standing somewhat behind a bookcase. Dean pushes down his instinct to give the guy the finger and makes his way into the next room.
He doesn’t look away. He stares right back at Cas. He refuses to stand down. He decides to go deeper.
Dean seems somewhat relieved. “Well, then, I’ll do some house hunters recon. Trust me, Cas, I’ll find the perfect home for you and Jack.”
He doesn’t really know why he says it. He’s a little pissed that Cas was chosen for this date, and he feels like he has to say something. He thinks that telling Cas to enjoy himself is the mature thing to say.
Castiel turns back to him. “My brother, Gabriel, nominated me. He thought it would be a funny prank.”
Castiel doesn’t know what to say. He’s unsure of this new territory they’ve wandered into. He didn’t think Dean would be so supportive of him moving out, and maybe it hurts a little, but Castiel will take what he can get. He’ll take anything that Dean is willing to give him.
Maybe that’s another reason Castiel is leaving. He’s been a masochist long enough. He knows he will love Dean for the rest of his life. It makes up a part of him. Metatron once cut out his grace with ease, but Castiel knows that no force in the universe could ever rid him of his love for Dean. But maybe it will be easier to love Dean from a distance. This way, Dean gets to live his life too without anything holding him back.
The other guys start moving around and voicing their annoyances about someone else talking to Daisy first. He thinks the guy’s name is Chad. Dean’s not sure how he’s supposed to remember everyone’s names. Maybe he’ll be sent home before he has to learn them all.
Dean glances up from behind the bar and Daisy is smiling at him. She’s twirling a piece of hair in between her fingers. Dean takes a moment to look at her face and notes that she’s really fucking beautiful. Apparently, she was the runner-up contestant on last year’s season of The Bachelor, and it’s beyond Dean’s mind that she didn’t win the show. Who wouldn’t want her?
Getting dressed up feels kind of pointless since he and Cas aren’t participating in the rose ceremony. Dean’s going to grab Daisy the moment she walks into the house and explain himself. Then he and Cas are talking to the first producer they see.
Castiel smiles slightly at that. “Gabriel has always been the prankster of the family. That’s what older brothers are for, I guess.”
Dean almost chokes at the question. He glances up and catches Cas standing behind the glass door, his eyes trained on the floor. It’s one thing for him and Cas to sneak around behind closed doors. It’s another thing to tell Sam. That just makes this real. But that’s what Dean wants. He wants something real. He wants this thing with Cas to be real.
Dean has a feeling that Cas is waiting for him to bring it up. Cas doesn’t talk about the impending rose ceremony. He talks about being a professor and how he’s considering getting a cat and ideas for books he wants to write and his ever-growing walking playlist. But he doesn’t talk about the rose ceremony.
“And maybe I won’t be too far. Jess and I were already looking at houses on the east coast. Her parents are in Connecticut. She wants to be near them.”
“Sam nominated me for the show,” Dean says. “I had my doubts, but when I found out you were the bachelorette, I knew I had to come on the show.”
So, Dean talks to Cas. They spend a lot of their time on the balcony from the first night, just watching the mountains and enjoying each other’s company.
He needs more time with Cas. He needs more time to talk with Cas. He can’t keep faking things with Daisy, but he can’t go home yet. He just can’t.
Dean is the second name she calls. He has to tear his eyes away from Cas and look over at Daisy. For the first time, he notices the hope written across her face. He never even considered the feelings Daisy has for him. He figured that there were plenty of other guys here for her to fall in love with. He figured she would gloss over him entirely.
Castiel barges into the kitchen at that moment to save Dean the trouble of answering. And to also save Jack from Dean’s rejection. Jack doesn’t need the pain of Dean rejecting him to his face. Castiel is intimately familiar with that pain.
He could say no. He could reject the rose. He could ask Cas to leave with him. He could ask Cas to go back to Kansas with him, just for a bit. They could go to Dean’s tiny apartment and talk about the future of their relationship. He could introduce Cas to Sam and Jess. Dean’s whole body warms at the thought. Cas keeps him warm.
All his thoughts are panning back to Dean, as they often do, and Cas wishes yet again that he could have Dean. His longing is so strong that it claws at his insides and makes Castiel almost wonder if he could die from it.
And Dean isn’t ready to give that up. The thought of going back to his tiny apartment and living for the days that he’ll see Cas again makes Dean sick. He doesn’t want that. He doesn’t want to go back to what his life was when he has the possibility of something beautiful.
Deep down, Dean feels like Cas is it. He feels like no matter what happens, on this show or in his life, Cas was brought to him for a reason.
The men are already lined up when Dean enters the room. He’s directed to stand next to Cas and he breathes a little easier hearing that. If he has to endure another couple hours of this crap, he would definitely rather stand next to the only guy here who doesn’t make Dean want to stab his own eyes out.
“I know there is a rose ceremony tonight,” Cas says. “I got a rose the other day. Technically, I’m safe.”
Dean perks up at that. A new type of hope fills his chest. “I think I’m gonna move to New York, Sam.”
“Sometimes if money’s getting a little tight, I’ll pick up a few shifts at my friend’s bar,” Dean says. He glances behind Daisy to Cas who is chatting with Tanner.
Dean frowns at that. He knows he’s probably not going to find love here either, but hearing someone else voice the same sentiment makes Dean feel… Something. He doesn’t know how to place what he’s feeling.
“Cape Cod. There’s something about growing up in a tourist destination. People visit all the time and walk on your beaches and swim in your ocean.”
He feels Cas watching him and Dean turns his head. He’s well aware of all the other people in the room. He’s well aware of the cameras. He just. He doesn’t really care anymore. He tilts his head slightly in an apology for accepting the rose. He didn’t really know what to do in the moment, but he figures that if he and Cas decide tomorrow that they want to leave then they can leave. They can ignore the dramatics and just tell a producer they’re leaving.
Dean tears his eyes away from Cas to see a producer standing in the doorway with a phone in her hand.
They kiss for a few moments and turn back to the sky. The sun rises shortly after. Dean watches the way the sky and the mountains in front of them transform. But mostly, Dean watches Cas. He’ll never get tired of watching Cas.
Being stuck in the house all day does make him feel like a prisoner, but Dean supposes it’s better than having to play the game. He’s exhausted after the group date yesterday and he isn’t sure if it’s from walking around or pretending that he’s all-in on this reality show crap.
Dean reaches into his suitcase on the floor next to him and pulls out the rose. He can barely see it in the dark room. It’s fake, made of plastic, just like everything else here.
He knows Lisa would casually watch the show. He wonders how she would feel about seeing him on here.
Dean’s thoughts are interrupted by a producer coming out onto the balcony. Cas puts distance between them and blinks at the producer like he didn’t have his tongue in Dean’s mouth a minute ago. Like they weren’t just planning to run away together.
Daisy stands at the front of the room by a podium piled with a dozen roses. Her face is stoic and Dean thinks about grabbing her hand and whisking her off to another room. He thinks about coming clean to her. He thinks of a hundred different possibilities as Daisy starts calling names.
Cas turns around and his hair is a mess and his face is unshaven and his eyes are tired and Dean thinks he looks beautiful.
But he can’t think like that. Dean doesn’t want to move with them. He doesn’t want to be a part of their little family. He doesn’t want to be Jack’s father. And Castiel can’t force Dean to be a part of something he doesn’t want.
Dean follows the producer’s directions to the living room where the rest of the guys are waiting. He steps over to Cas and they flash each other a brief smile before turning their attention to the host, Chris, who just walked in with a small, white envelope.
“No long walks on the beach for you then,” Dean jokes, and Cas lightly checks his shoulder with his own.
Dean and Cas spend most mornings on their balcony, just looking out at the mountains. But this is the last morning, so they spend a little bit longer there. They postpone the inevitable, just a bit longer. Dean’s going to miss this view, but he’s still going to have Cas.
Chris Harrison gives Dean a sympathetic look. “I’m sorry, Dean. The rose ceremony is starting. If you get a rose, you can talk to her after.”
“So,” Daisy begins after they sit down. She twirls the rose between her fingers and looks into Dean’s eyes. “You’re different, Dean. You’re different from every guy here. Even when I was talking to some of the other guys, my mind kept drifting back to you. I like you a lot and I look forward to getting to know you better.” She finally holds up the rose, presenting it to him. “Dean, do you accept this rose?”
Dean hangs out on the balcony for the rest of the night. He hopes Cas will come talk to him, but he never does. Dean supposes that if he wants to talk to Cas, then he has to be the one to start the conversation. He has to be the one to apologize.
Dean looks down at his lap and tries to ignore the warmth he feels in his face. He’s not used to people noticing him. And he’s certainly not used to being so strongly drawn to someone. But he and Cas are in this together. They’re like battle buddies. Dean can appreciate forming bonds in unusual circumstances.
Dean can’t find the words so he just nods as they watch Tanner leave. Dean sighs and leans his head on Cas’s shoulder. He closes his eyes and tries not to think about what could happen later. He tries not to think about Daisy. He tries not to think about the rose ceremony. If Dean’s certain about anything, it’s that he’s not wasting any more of his time waiting around during stupid fucking the rose ceremonies.
In his initial interview with the producers, he didn’t tell them that he’s bi. It’s not that he’s ashamed. But he’s definitely not comfortable enough to announce it on national TV. He’s not in the closet, but he does have some reservations about being out and loud and proud. Especially when he’s living in a house with a bunch of overly heterosexual men.
He doesn’t feel jealous that Daisy is off with another guy. He doesn’t think too much about her kissing other men here. He knows the show gets more intense as the weeks go on. There are hometown dates and fantasy suites and other crap that’s supposed to lead to an engagement.
Dean’s walking into the house as soon as filming commences and the cameras are being packed up. He’s exhausted and the pressure of the show is starting to get to him. Cas follows him upstairs toward the bedrooms.
Castiel knows that as a father, all of his decisions come from having Jack’s best interest at heart and that Jack won’t always agree with his decisions. He knows that Jack probably won’t want to move out of the only home he’s ever known. Castiel knows firsthand how terrible it is to be thrown out of your home. He doesn’t miss heaven, but the first time he was cast out was one of the worst spells of loneliness he’s ever felt.
Dean walks into the house and doesn’t look back. He knows he’s a bad person. Good people don’t do shit like this. Good people say how they’re feeling. They don’t just act on impulse. Sam would never pull something like this. He would never do anything to hurt Jess.
“Yeah,” Cas says and he actually laughs. It sounds empty. “My parents put a lot of pressure on us as kids. Sometimes it felt like the whole world was on my shoulders.”
Cas doesn’t say anything else. Dean doesn’t know what he would even want Cas to say. It’s not like anything happened between them. They were just staring at each other. And leaning in close together. But that doesn’t mean that something was actually going to happen.
“Sam. Listen to me,” Dean starts. He waits for Sam’s breathing to even out before he says anything else. “Everything’s gonna be okay. You gotta trust me.” Dean pauses. “Yeah, our dad sucked. But we turned out pretty alright.” He can practically hear Sam nodding through the phone. “If John Winchester can raise good kids, then anyone can raise good kids.”
Dean nods. He’s heard that before. Hell, he’s said it to himself and Sam has repeated it a number of times. But Dean still feels like a sissy for thinking of himself as abused when he never went to bed with bruises.
“Um. Well, I mean,” Dean stammers for a moment. “You don’t really have anything to apologize for,” he says.
His voice is quiet. He’s not looking at Cas’s face. He’s scared to admit that he would move to New York in a heartbeat for Cas. He’s scared to admit that he’s already willing to give up nearly everything for Cas.
Dean’s heart clenches in his chest. He kisses Cas again. It’s the most freeing feeling. To kiss the person you like whenever you want. It also feels pretty fucking great to know that Cas is willing to be uncomfortable on the beach and get sand in his shoes just for Dean. It sounds small and insignificant, but Dean hasn’t ever had someone like that before. He’s never had a person willing to make a small sacrifice just to make Dean happy.
The producer eyes them. “We’re starting the rose ceremony earlier than normal. Come back to the house and get dressed.”
Daisy’s face brightens immediately and Dean exhales. He knows that she likes him. She said she could fall in love with him. And Dean is just kind of fucking with her. But it won’t be like that for much longer. He’s going to leave. He and Cas are going to leave. Maybe today they can pull aside a producer and announce that they are leaving. It doesn’t have to be dramatic. It doesn’t have to be a thing. It can just be Dean-and-Cas running away together. That’s all it has to be.
“I know that was a lot,” Cas says. He moves over to Dean’s couch and they sit side by side. “I don’t think of my parents as abusive. I don’t really know what to think of them.”
“One night, I got into a really bad fight with my dad. I think it was just about homework or whatever, but it evolved into something so much bigger.” Cas shakes his head and frowns. “My dad’s not a bad guy, Dean. I was being kind of a shit. He slapped me and I left. He never put his hands on me like that before and he hasn’t since.”
“I recommend getting to bed, guys. We’re getting an early start on filming tomorrow,” the producer says.
Still, they ride in comfortable silence back to the mansion, the producers line them up and check their mics, Daisy stands in front of them holding a single rose, and Dean can’t stop looking at Cas. Not until Daisy calls out another guy’s name and Dean can suddenly breathe again.
There’s no bartender in the house so everyone has to make their own drinks, but Dean isn’t complaining. He feels more comfortable around the bar rather than the other guys except, obviously, Cas.
Dean has had plenty of sleepless nights throughout his life. When he was little, his dad would leave the house for days at a time. And when John didn’t leave him and Sam with Bobby, Dean was left to take care of his brother. Dean used to be scared of the dark. When John was gone, Dean would stay up all night. He was scared to sleep, especially while Sam was sleeping. He needed to stay awake to watch out for Sam.
Maybe Cas does feel something for her. Maybe he feels something for Dean. Either way, he accepts the rose immediately. At least they get another week together.
“I’m going to kill you, man,” Dean had said months ago after that first phone call. He went straight to Sam and Jess’s place after work to ask them what the hell they were thinking.
He heads to Jack’s room first. As much as Castiel is hungry and thirsty and tired and not awake enough to handle a hyperactive toddler, he is still first and foremost a parent. That means he always puts Jack first.
It hurts, but it’s true. Dean takes a shaky breath. “And you know why that is? Because I had a shitty childhood. Because my mom’s life got cut short and I was daddy’s blunt little instrument.” A couple tears run down his cheek and Dean ignores them. “You know, Cas, you could have just fallen in love with Daisy like you were supposed to, and you could have ended up with someone normal. Not this.”
Dean squirmed under her stare and glanced to Sam who was nodding. Jess was younger than Sam even, but sometimes she felt like a big sister to Dean. But most of the time, Dean just feels the need to protect her too. She’s almost a Winchester. It’s his duty to protect her.
It’s confusing, and feelings scare the hell out of him, but Dean’s tired of holding himself back from being happy. He’s spent his whole life refusing to let himself be happy. For a while, he wasn’t sure he deserved happiness.
He’s able to sneak back into the arcade and spends the rest of the date under the radar. Just before they board the bus back to the mansion, Daisy gives a rose to a guy named Cameron, and Dean feels relieved. He made it through the date and now he’s just excited to get home and talk to Cas.They don’t get back to the mansion until after midnight and Dean practically runs through the house to find Cas, and feels the disappointment settling in when he finds the other man in bed asleep. It’s probably for the best because Dean is tired and thinking irrationally and he’d probably do something stupid and impulsive. Like kiss Cas. Except that probably can’t be considered too impulsive since Dean has thought about kissing Cas for a while now.
Dean follows Cas onto the bus and doesn’t hesitate before sitting next to him. He vaguely thinks about grabbing the seat next to Daisy, but someone else beat him to it. But Dean can’t really find it in himself to be upset because at least he has Cas.
It takes every ounce of Dean’s self-control to not pin him to the bed here and now. Instead, he picks up a few more of his shirts that were sitting crumpled on the edge of his bed. He begins folding them.
Daisy looks like she’s going to say something, but another guy comes over and asks for a moment of her time. She looks conflicted, but agrees anyway.
“Right. Of course,” Castiel nods, wondering if he should correct her. But he doesn’t because maybe it’s nice to live in a fantasy for a moment where he and Dean are together in every sense of the word, and buying a house to raise their son.
“We grew up in Kansas and I followed him to California when he went to college. We got an apartment and I started working as a mechanic. We stayed there until he graduated, and then we went back to Kansas.”
He glances at Cas again, who is now watching him. Dean throws caution to the wind and sends a quick wink in Cas’s direction. Cas smiles. Daisy doesn’t seem to notice.
He’s about to tell Cas another story about Sam, specifically the time that Sam broke his arm, when the room goes silent. He glances over to see Daisy holding a single rose. She’s being trailed by a few guys and several cameramen. She smiles at each of the guys before her eyes settle on Dean.
Even though Cas was the one to kiss Daisy first. He didn’t have to go on that date. He didn’t have to accept the rose from her. He didn’t have to kiss her.
“You know,” Cas says, sitting up and looking straight at Dean. He laughs again. He talks like he’s speaking of another life. “I was so angry at the time. I guess I still am. I don’t know. Time really does make things easier to forget. But I don’t think I can ever forget the fact that he rejected me when I needed him most.”
“Hi guys,” she says sweetly. Dean’s a little surprised to see her without some guy attached to her side.
“We’re gonna growing old here,” Dean says, looking back at Cas. “We’re gonna spend the rest of our lives here. Together.”
But it’s also exciting. It’s exciting to think about things working out in Dean’s favor. He’s never had much luck in life before. Things tend to go badly for him. But Cas is new. Cas is hope. Cas makes Dean feel like nothing can touch him.
He knows Dean is familiar with words left unsaid, has mastered the unspoken language, and it leaves Castiel feeling like he has to play catch up. For all that Dean talks, Castiel rarely knows what is coming out of his mouth.
There’s no chance to ask Cas what they should do. There’s no chance to ask what their master plan is. There are no more chances to talk about them and what’s going to happen to them.
Dean swallows, glancing away as he does every time Jack refers to him as Daddy. Castiel hasn’t talked to him about it, but he has a pretty good idea what Dean is feeling.
Cas. Cas Novak. Castiel Novak on a date with Daisy. Dates mean kissing and opening up and intimate moments. Dates mean falling in love.
No more ignoring his feelings. No more acting recklessly and hurting people. It’s time to man up and tell Cas what he wants.
He insisted, much to Castiel’s chagrin. He is not a fan of Jack being exposed to the horrid truth at such a young age, even if it was inevitable. He swore to Kelly that he would protect her son. Castiel isn’t sure that keeping a toy gun to ward off real evil would count as protection.
This all feels way too manufactured to Dean. If this was real life and not a TV show, he would have probably just hooked up with Daisy and been gone by morning. Dean is all too aware of the fact that he’s expected to be falling in love at this precise moment. After all, he got the first impression rose. So far, he’s winning this thing. Apparently. It doesn’t feel right.
It’s not a question. Dean pulls back from Cas like he’s been burned and stares at the guy who just interrupted them. Dean thinks his name is Tanner.
After a minor freak out, Cas is the one who calms him down. As usual. Cas is the voice of reason. He spends the entire next day with Dean talking out every fear and doubt. He spells out all of Dean’s options with him and they make a plan together. After listening to Cas, all of Dean’s fears melt away.
Castiel walks forward, silently sitting down. He stacks a few Legos on top of the structure Jack’s working on.
He turns and leaves before he can say anything else. He has no right to be this upset. He and Cas haven’t said anything since the last rose ceremony. They haven’t talked about the things they said or the near confession they both made.
“Hey, Jack,” Castiel says, smiling fondly as he watches his son sit in the middle of scattered Legos.
The producer leaves and Cas takes Dean’s hand again. He gives Dean one more kiss before dropping his hand and standing up.
Castiel swallows the lump in his throat. The three of them aren’t sure when Jack took to referring to Dean as Daddy and Sam as Uncle Sam, but none of them have corrected him. Sam hasn’t seemed too offended. He took somewhat of a step back in raising Jack after he turned himself into a toddler. Castiel doesn’t think Dean minds either, although catches how Dean falters nearly every time Jack calls for him.
And underground bunker filled with an unknown number of supernatural objects is no place to raise a child. It’s technically the safest place on earth, but there’s danger around every corner and it’s way too easy to get lost and there’s no sunlight. Jack deserves to have the sun shining on his face.
“Because they cost a lot of money and a lot of people to build them. And we don’t need to live in something so big.”
But he gives himself a few moments to look away. For one moment, he looks at Chris Harrison, who is staring back at him, which makes Dean feel slightly sick. Another moment, he looks at Tanner, who is looking at Daisy in the same way that Dean looks at Cas. And for one last moment, Dean looks at Daisy, and she’s looking at him expectantly. Like she was waiting for the moment that he would finally look over at her.
“Sam’s okay,” Dean finally says after pulling back. He keeps his arms around Cas’s neck, their foreheads pressed together.
Dean’s taken a lot of risks in his life, but none of them measure up to this. Nothing is quite as big as uprooting his entire life for a guy he just met.
One of the producers eventually lets everyone know that it’s time to start heading back to the bus. Dean turns his head, his hand still on Cas’s arm, and catches a camera on him and Cas. Dean thinks about pulling his hand back, but he doesn’t. He glares at the camera until the cameraman turns away.
Bullshit. How is he supposed to know if he loves this girl after one night? Sure, he’s had his fair share of one-night stands (some of them not even lasting until the morning), but this is way out of his league. This is more than a quick fuck to make him temporarily feel less empty. This is about falling in love. And how is he supposed to fall in love with thirty other guys all grappling for her attention? Dean suspects that most of these guys come on the show just for the fame and attention. Who actually goes on a TV show expecting to find love?
They’re quiet for a minute. Dean listens to the other guys sleeping. He doesn’t really know what to say, but he wants to keep talking to Cas.
Dean gets genuinely annoyed when he’s woken up a few days into the week by one of the producers and told to get “camera-ready.”
“I guess you’re right,” Sam says. He sounds calmer now. “Thanks, man. I guess I just didn’t expect this so soon.”
Dean tries to take his mind off of Cas. Books aren’t technically allowed in the house, but Dean still snuck some Vonnegut in his suitcase. He sneaks upstairs and grabs the book and reads and reads and reads until the sun is setting.
They keep walking, but now in silence. Dean thinks about what life will be like after the show. He thinks about leaving the show with Cas. He thinks about doing long distance. He thinks about only seeing Cas every month or so. He thinks about having to get on a fucking plane every time he wants to see Cas.
Tanner stares at him. “Right. Again, I don’t really care, but I just thought you should know that a few other guys in the house have been making some comments.”
He’s cut off by fucking Chris Harrison, and Dean just wants to grab Cas’s hand and run away from this whole nightmare together.
On the other hand, Dean has always been the type of guy to say what’s on his mind. Shoot first. Ask questions later.
