So, Dr. John H. Watson. Every thing he'd already known- soldiers, doctor, injured in Afghanistan- it all checks out when Lestrade looks him up in the system, but it's what he find when he looks the guy up on the internet that's interesting. It's not bad or anything, it's just a blog, but it's surprisingly
It was already dark by the time they'd left the museum, and by the time John finds the wall of Chinese symbols, he's tired, and sore, and ready for a rest. So when Sherlock doesn't answer his phone on the first try, John simply sends him the photo of the wall with the message ‘answer your phone you idiot’ before trotting off to find the detective.
“You gonna help us properly, then? We've found Rachel,” he says, deciding that getting down to business is the only proper thing to do in this situation.
“Wait, were you being choked?” John asks, reaching out to pull Sherlock's collar down, examining his throat as Sherlock reads over the note, and the name of the museum on with the note was written. “Are you sure you're alright, you have a tell if you're having trouble breath, right now Sherlock.”
Once everyone had finally cleared out of 221B, Lestrade turned to John. “Why did he do that? Why did he have to leave?”
And now? Now he lives with Sherlock, and he was, unless it came to the worst, going to live with Sherlock for a rest of his life and he can't ever run away from that. And honestly that sounded really, really good, except that John didn't want Sherlock to come to the conclusion that they'd have to talk all their problems out eventually, and then decide the solution to avoiding that was to just running John around the city for an adrenaline fix any time he was upset with a Detective. He didn't want to one day not find Sherlock accidentally-sweet-while-he’s-trying-to-be-logical-ness to only bother him because John just wants Sherlock to be sweet for the sake of being sweet just once!
“Isn't the doorbell working?” The landlady, Mrs. H-something, was standing in the doorway now but everyone, Lestrade included, was too distracted by Sherlock to take any notice. “Your taxi's here, Sherlock.”
So… he'd been spectacularly romantic today. Well… good. That was. Good. Progress, right? Doing those sort of thing accidently was supposed to be good? Though, the delayed realisation, that was,  problematic at best…
John sputters, quickly swallowing his mouthful. “And- and how many books is that going to be exactly!?”
“Excuse me!” A voice interrupts from the stairwell behind Mrs. Hudson. Its one of the men carrying a crate and from the way hes straining it looks like he might have been standing there for a while waiting for them to notice. “Where are we taking these then?”
Sherlock studies John, his tense posture revealing his surprise, and the expression on his face all but screaming his confusion.
“Well you've only known him five years, that’s only one more than me, and that first year I imagine he was too high to notice anyone else, and after that I should
“Or we could use the picture from the tram.” John says, realises what he was seeing was that Soo Lin has started to translate the message. He passes it to Sherlock. “Just flip through to those two pages and see if they match right?”
Sherlock continues the story by detailing the events that had happened at the museum after he'd realised that Soo Lin was not only still in London, but still in the museum. He'd gotten the explanation of her connection with the smugglers, apparently having been one herself at a younger age. And them, with a slight bit of hesitance, Sherlock tell John that the gunman, her own brother, came for her, and he was only about to distract them for so long, chasing him through the museum and away from Soo Lin, before they caught on and rounded back towards the archives where the young woman was hiding.
“John! John in here!” Lestrade calls from one room, and hearing his panic John rushed in behind the DI, expecting to see any number of terrible things- Sherlock fighting for his life, or already dead. What he sees is almost worse, if only because it means John is helpless to do anything. Sherlock’s alright, only talking with the killer- who it's easy to guess is the cabbie, now- but their
“So we can read her e-mails. So what?” Anderson said, watching Sherlock successfully log into the woman's mephone account.
and simply said he'd just gotten back from Afghanistan for a time, he was doing well, and that he, his sister, and his sister’s new wife had gone out for dinner last night as a welcome back present. There was more chatter in the comments of this one, as people asked more questions, and John actually answered.
“You really think it's the smartest idea to be turning down jobs like that?” John asks as he flips through their mail-  a stack of bills Sherlock has been ignoring, as it's always been John's job to deal with the bills when he's home. “I'm broke. I'm going to have to find a job, you're probably well on your way if you keep turning down the jobs that pay- and the money people offer you on the free ones anyway.” John adds under his breath.
“It's a drugs bust," Greg repeated. Sure, the other man hadn't believed it, and Greg did know Sherlock was clean, but hopefully it might scare Sherlock into behaving when helping an investigation, if he knew they would start searching his flat like this.
Well, still, he tries to cheer himself up by thinking. He did know one more, very important, thing for certain. John was definitely going to agree to the joint account.
“Yes, of course I'm all right.” John sighs, and clearly too tired to argue anymore, he leans in close to Sherlock, letting himself get wrapped up in the warm blanket.
By the end of the week Lestrade gets to the end and finds the most recent post, posted the day after the incident with the cabbie.
“You know,” says Mrs. Hudson from the doorway, as one of the last crates is being set on the floor. “There's another bedroom upstairs.”
“Space dear. You've made an even bigger mess of the living room than usually. I thought you might turn it into an office for this sort of thing, if you'd like.” Mrs. Hudson shoots back. “Don't go getting all offended, I'm not insulting the state of your marriage.”
The meeting in Wilkes’ office dampens the couple’s good mood slightly, as Sebastian pisses John off by smugly insulting Sherlock, despite Sherlock introducing them as partners. They'd decided a while back this was more accurate than “Colleague and friend” and less personal than “This is my colleague, but also my boyfriend,” because it left room for interpretation for people with less open minds, and for people with more opens minds, but also more social grace, room to assume without wanting a make anything awkward by asking for clarification. But Sebastian should know, all things considered, and of course Sherlock just does not like Sebastian to begin with, so it's a relief when the conversation move away from personal matters and towards business, and when Sebastian shows them to the scene of the crime.
“That's true. He was a bad cabbie. Should have seen the route he took us to get here!” That sends the two of them into a terrible giggle fit.
extraordinary.’ I'm completely hook right then. He says ‘that's not what people normally say’ ‘well what do they normally say?’ ‘piss off’.
“Sort of.” John says, snippish, turning into the kitchen. “It sat there and I shouted abuse. Is your wallet still on the table- nevermind, I see it.”
“Ye-yes. Sorry. Alright, that's what you were thinking. I'm sure it's what Jennifer Wilson was thinking too, but you're both so much more clever than that.” Sherlock took John by the upper arms, careful of shoulder. “You both knew your murders, and you knew you wouldn't be the last victims. Neither of you wanted your death to be in vain.
expression. It would have all been almost funny if the situation wasn't so tense. If they weren't trying to catch a murderer.
As it was, Lestrade only realised that there was another bloke living in 221B when, about three minutes into his and his team's impromptu drugs bust, said bloke emerged from the room behind the kitchen looking half dead and very pissed off. The man was short but muscular, blond, and wearing nothing but a pair of boxers. And as he was wearing nothing else, the large not-yet-scar from what looked like a bullet wound on both sides of his shoulder, and the sleek and expensive-looking prosthetic piece replacing the man's right leg up to just above the knee, were both very visible to everyone.
So that left the improbable- and the frankly ridiculous- idea that Sherlock had done something spectacularly romantic. But what? He knows it had to be something John wouldn't have commented on at the time, or else he would have, and Sherlock would know what he'd done. So it had to be something that upon reflection, had been more that it's intent. But what could John have been thinking about in bed at two a.m. that resulting in the desire to put forth the required effort it took to get from the bed to here to “keep him company” and say “I love you”? What could possibly rationalize such confusing behavior.
“Recognise the paint. It’s like Michigan; hardcore propellant. I’d say zinc.” RAZ answers oh-so professionally.
awake, I'm going to go get dressed.” If the whole room hadn't been watching they probably would have missed the lightening-quick peck John left on Sherlock’s cheek as he pushed past the taller man. “Don't be too clever until I get back, yeah?”
“Anderson, don't talk out loud. You lower the I.Q. of the whole street.” Lestrade heard John snort rather loudly just then and Sherlock, though he hadn't been trying to one-up Anderson, smirked in satisfaction. “We can do much more than just read her e-mails. It's a smartphone. It's got GPS, which means if you lose it you can locate it online. She's leading us directly to the man who killed her.”
“And who do think you a-” Anderson started say, just as they all heard the front door slam open, and someone stomping up the stairs.
There were several comments under that from various people asking how John was liking the army, and how he'd been, and if he'd be home for Christmas.
“Yes I am, and no, I didn't.” John says, mimicking his earlier words before he turns to walk out of the room and down the hall back the way they'd come.
“John, on the luggage, there's a label. E-mail address.” Sherlock snapped his fingers behind him expectantly as he pulled open his own laptop at the desk by the wall.
“Does it matter? Does any of it?” Donovan shoves in. “You know, he's just a lunatic, and he'll always let you down, and you're wasting your time. All our time.”
“Oh I don't know. Several crates full, at least.” Sherlock turns his laptop around to show John what he’s found on one of the auction site. “Here look at this. Anonymous. Vendor doesn’t give his name. Two undiscovered treasures from the East. Chinese Ming vases.”
“Hmmmm?” John murmurs, a little annoyed, which he knows Sherlock will understand to mean ‘There's a case on, why are you sleeping?’
“What does that mean?” Sherlock asks, but John's turned away now, so he can't deduce anything other than that John thinks he's being funny.
“Yeah, he uh, cleared off before I could get there. But a guy like that cabbie, he would have had enemies, I suppose… One of them could have been following him but... got nothing to go on…” Lestrade trails off.
“So you do know, about the drugs?” Lestrade asked. He'd figured as much, but it would have really, really sucked to have been the one that break it to the guy his boyfriend used to be a junkie.
There's a pause once John enters the living room, and Sherlock doesn't have to look up to know that John, despite Sherlock's efforts to re-place everything as it had been, can tell that something's happened, and is searching for the evidence. It's one of first things that every attracted Sherlock to John, and about the only observational skill John has, his ability to sense, practically on instinct, the presence of dangerous people and situations and if only John would put in the effort to perfect, to master, this instinct he would truly be exceptional at it. But as it stands, today is not the day John will pick to prod at the nagging feeling in the back of his mind when he doesn't instantly find any proof of Sherlock's mischief, and before John can say anything, Sherlock says from behind his book “You took your time,” rather disinterestedly.
“Hmm,” John hums, unimpressed, walking into the living room and collapses into his chair. Sherlock has an irrational thought, brought on by his ridiculous but undeniably sentiment for John, that perhaps John's leg or shoulder was bothering him today, but John's leg and shoulder have both been healed for months now, and John rarely ever complains about either. Then Sherlock realised that John was just being dramatic as an expression of his irritation, and relaxes.
John closed his eyes, stepping back reluctantly. “Happy Christmas!” he replied. He saw Sherlock take another large gulp of wine out of the corner of his eye.
“I should think that was obvious.” Sherlock rolled his hips enough that John could feel his arousal, and John groaned, his eyes fluttering closed.
Another long pause. But this time, instead of breaking the silence with words, Sherlock pressed his thigh against John’s, and John felt the air gush out of his lungs.
John couldn’t breathe; otherwise, he would have laughed uproariously. He’d never expected Sherlock to say something like
. They never talked about the fact that Sherlock had only shaken his hand and then walked off to his own execution.
Sherlock wasn’t struggling, or fighting back. He was letting John hit him, without protest... as if he thought he deserved it.
When John had all the buttons undone, Sherlock shrugged out of his shirt, and John took him by the shoulders, twisting him down to the bed. He pulled off his own jumper and shirt quickly, throwing them on the ground, not caring if he popped a couple of buttons in the process.
“I felt like someone was drilling through my skull, but yeah, sure,” John said, grinning even wider at the horrified look on Sherlock’s face. “What, no one has ever told you?”
When Sherlock blinked his eyes open on an unusually cold Valentine’s Day morning, therefore, he hadn’t expected to feel any different. He was on his side, turned toward the window, and he could see snowflakes dancing downward against a white-grey sky. John was snoring softly behind him, his warm body a solid, comforting presence. Normally, Sherlock was an early riser, getting up far before John, always itching to start the day. Today, though… he felt completely content to stay cocooned in the warmth afforded by John and by the down blanket covering them both. For some reason, there was nothing he would rather do than stay here, with the love of his life, until something forced him to leave.
John made the face he always did when he was confused, tucking in his chin and tilting his head at the same time. “What the hell are you
Everything else in the world dimmed completely. There was no sound, no touch, nothing other than Sherlock.
By the time late afternoon rolled around, Sherlock was still in his room. John was starting to worry that something was actually wrong.
“If you can’t sleep,” John said, as if he was slow. “Or I could look in the emails to see if there’s another case, but honestly after that last one, I’m knackered. I could use a day or so to recuperate.”
John chewed his bottom lip. “You need to open up your sinuses and get some of the congestion out. Bath or shower, you choose.” Sherlock groaned and tried to turn over again.
, John thought. “You were never the heartless bastard you thought yourself to be,” was all he said aloud. “Not even close.”
John’s jaw dropped. Sherlock’s eyes were closed, but he still had the ghost of a smile on his face, and John couldn’t help but laugh. He covered his mouth, turning towards his own window, but the mirth bubbled over.
John walked down the hallway, pausing at Sherlock’s door. It was cracked open, but there were no signs of life within. John glanced back down the hallway, wondering if Sherlock had gone out without him noticing, but his Belstaff was still hanging on its hook.
He heard another blow, much harder this time, and the sound of someone falling to the ground. Without hesitation, John strode around the corner, his fists clenched.
“Probably not,” Sherlock said, as the latch gave way. He ducked in quickly, leaving the door open for John, who looked around briefly before following.
“The Ritz? Seriously?” John looked up in awe as they got out of the cab. It was very late because they had flown through the night but had arrived in a time zone that was five hours behind.
Sherlock huffed a bit, and John couldn’t help grinning a little. They spent the remainder of the flight in companionable silence.
For a long, unbearable moment, John simply looked stunned. But after an interminable several seconds, his face morphed into a softer, less defined emotion, one that was still a little hard for Sherlock to place. John reached out and took his hand, so gently that Sherlock felt his heart was going to burst.
Sherlock’s expression was inscrutable. “I thought I was being clear, John,” he said, his voice a low rumble. “You do know I hate repeating myself.”
John shook his head, but he could see Sherlock watching him through the slits of his eyes. John opened his mouth to say something else, but as they did, the taxi pulled to a stop in front of Sherlock’s flat and he clicked his jaw shut again.
John put his ear to Sherlock’s chest, and he could hear a strong heartbeat. Sherlock groaned, seeming to come back to consciousness a bit, and John sat up again.
know, though, he hadn’t said anything, which could mean he didn’t want John that way. John was the most important person in his life, and they would both do anything for each other, of that John was certain. But what if Sherlock simply didn’t want…
Sherlock scowled at him, and John couldn’t look at him for another second, because he was sure that his own expression was giving him away. Needing to put some distance between them, John swung his legs out of bed and picked up the phone.
The man pressed on, those strangely intense eyes scrutinizing John intently. “However, you’ve always had a secret desire to be a doctor, and you even passed all the required A levels to do so. Your parents had wanted your older brother to be a barrister, but then he became an alcoholic and dropped out of uni. You took up the burden of your family’s expectations to relieve your brother of it.”
He grinned, turning over to look at Sherlock, who was still naked from their activities the night before–and in the middle of the night–and was smiling in his sleep.
"So…" Sherlock swallowed. He glanced over at the group of people across the street, of which one member (a man in his early twenties) was watching them with keen interest. "Now what?”
“Do I ejaculate when I masturbate? Yes, John, I do,” Sherlock snapped, and it came out sounding waspish.
John held him like he was a precious thing, and Sherlock felt himself falling apart at the same time that he was being put back together. They stayed like that for a long time, what felt like an endless, slow fuck, Sherlock’s favourite kind, even if it was torture. John brought him to the edge over and over again, pulling back just enough that he didn’t come, while fluttering kisses over his face and neck. John had always been a driving force in his life, and in bed he was no different.
John smoothed his hands up Sherlock’s legs as he bent down to kiss and bite along the inside of Sherlock’s inner thigh, working upward toward his groin. When he had almost reached it, he moved to the other side, repeating the same torturous process.
Moriarty tilted his head, looking at John as if he were examining a fascinating specimen. The door slammed behind the last of the students, and suddenly he was alone with Moriarty. The professor walked over to the blackboard and began slowly erasing all the writing he had done during class. John shifted from foot to foot, still feeling uneasy.
John just grinned, and the smile lit up his entire face, his entire being. Sherlock wanted to file that smile in his mind palace and remember it forever, because he had never seen John Watson smile like that.
When John still didn’t leave, Sherlock opened his eyes again. “I’m fine, John. Just go.” He turned over so that his back was to John and lay still.
John didn’t back down or step back, instead poking his finger into the man’s chest. “If you don’t leave,
“I love you,” Sherlock managed to say, through the haze. “I know I don’t say it enough… but I always feel it.”
“Bastard,” John gasped, and Sherlock grinned even wider, clenching his cheeks together so that John had even more friction around his cock.
John was looking at him with a kind of awe, an awe Sherlock felt reflected in himself… and his mind finally let go, his body finally gave in, and he came.
“More wine, anyone?” she asked, stopping briefly at the dividing line between the kitchen and the living room.
John nodded, his hand still moving maddeningly slowly. “Anything. I could tie you down, suck your cock until you come down my throat.”
Sherlock cleared his throat. “Since you moved back in, things haven’t been.” He sighed, leaning his forearms against the stone and hanging his head slightly. “I feel like we haven’t gotten back to… the way we once were. I was hoping that if we went somewhere together, it might. We could,” Sherlock stuttered, much more inarticulate than usual.
After the first few notes, John knew exactly what it was. He settled back into his chair, letting the sound of the lone violin wash over him. He felt at peace for the first time in a long time, a kind of peace that he had never thought he’d find after everything with Mary.
John rolled his eyes, taking a sip of his tea and settling back in his chair. He was rather tired himself, but he couldn’t let Sherlock slip into a coma or he’d never forgive himself.
Sherlock was working in the kitchen, trying to match the substance from the bottom of the locker to various poisons as a last resort. After several hours, Sherlock threw a petri dish against the wall and growled in frustration. John looked up from his papers warily, wondering if he would have to abscond to the law library again in order to get any studying done. Sherlock stalked over to the window, taking out his violin case and snapping it open.
Inside the car was a man in his early thirties, who was wearing a pinstripe three-piece suit. He was twirling an umbrella in his hand and watching John with an expression of curious bemusement.
And then, Mary had taken the bullet instead. Mary had died instead. And if he was being honest with himself, he had been relieved, for a split second.
They arrived on their floor and Sherlock led the way once again, opening the door to the room with customary flourish. Once inside, he didn’t even look around, dropping his carry-on bag and immediately taking out his phone, texting furiously.
He looked up at the ceiling, at the hundreds of brightly colored cranes up above. He counted them one more time, even though he had already done it half a dozen times, just to be sure. There were nine hundred and ninety-nine.
“I just… I want to warn you. I’ve… never done this before. You must know that, or at least you have suspected.”
John wriggled his tongue into Sherlock’s hole, and smoothed a hand up Sherlock’s back at the same time. His tongue breached the muscle, massaging it for a bit until it was looser, and then he started to push inward. Sherlock gasped, and his cock was throbbing.
“I’m here to check on you,” John said, pulling himself up to his full doctorly height and stepping over to the bed to pick up her chart, as if he were supposed to be there. “I’m Doctor Watson, by the way.”
“Right, right. Well. Enjoy the game.” Wilson nodded at them, turning to the next two people with their tickets.
“Jesus,” John muttered, wading out a little to help a very waterlogged Sherlock out of the river, just as the rain had started picking up to a drenching pour. “You must be freezing, this water—”
He set her up in her high chair and was halfway through fixing her oatmeal when Sherlock draped himself over John’s back. John grinned, letting his eyes fall closed, leaning his head back to rest on Sherlock’s shoulder.
By now, they were starting to cause quite a stir. Security personnel were coming down the aisles to meet them as Sherlock hauled Larry up to where John and the two men were standing.
,” Sherlock said, looking back at the building as if it had personally offended him. “All this time, he was hiding in plain sight.”
“You just keep saying my name over and over again, do you know you’re doing that?” John snapped. Suddenly everything felt too close, Sherlock felt too close. How had it gone on this long? How had he not snapped before this? It felt like he’d been walking on a tightrope for almost a decade, waiting to fall off.
Sherlock nodded, knowing why John was asking him that question over and over, but feeling exasperated by it all the same.
The anxious feeling in Sherlock’s chest tightened. “Now that you know how limited my sexual experience is, and given your high sex drive, I’m sure that you realize I can’t be a fulfilling partner to you.”
“So, Mr. Watson,” Moriarty said, gathering up his papers as he spoke. “I sincerely hope that you will not be late again. Otherwise, there may be repercussions.”
He wanted everything. He wanted to flip Sherlock over and slide into him, fuck into him long and slow and deep; he wanted to swallow Sherlock’s cock until he couldn’t breathe, and let him come down his throat; he wanted to ride Sherlock until they were both breathless and dizzy and he came with a shout, clenching around Sherlock’s cock.
After a while, John realized that Sherlock was trembling. He pulled back a bit to make sure he was all right.
“I’ll wash myself,” Sherlock interrupted, breaking the gaze and holding out his hand for the soap and cloth.
When they were finished, Sherlock got up from the table and shrugged his coat back on. John followed him outside, and they walked at a leisurely pace back to the flat. When Sherlock was about to use his keys to open the door, John grabbed him by the elbow.
But John knew him so well that he was able to stop right before Sherlock reached the point of no return, pulling his fingers out and stopping the suction on his cock. Sherlock cried out at the loss, but John quickly divested himself of his boxers, settling himself once more in between Sherlock’s thighs, their chests pressed together.
As the hours ticked by, John watched Sherlock doze, his dark eyelashes fluttering over his pale cheeks. His defenses down, Sherlock looked so much more vulnerable, so much younger. John got the feeling that he didn’t sleep much normally, if the dark circles under his eyes were any indication.
“Hey, hey,” John pulled him closer so that Sherlock was nestled into his neck, and Sherlock wrapped himself around John completely. For a while, they just lay there, holding each other, and Sherlock listened to John’s heart beating in his chest.
“Fuck,” John breathed, arching into Sherlock. He hadn’t thought past the first part of this—well, of course he’d fantasized about this a thousand times, but he’d never known for sure if Sherlock would want that, want
“You’ve always been the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen,” he said, a small thrill running through him at being able to say it out loud.
On that sunny day in June, though, John wished that he had had some luck to fall back on. He wondered if all the bad luck he’d accumulated over his entire lifetime had somehow culminated in this one tragedy, this one event. Now he couldn’t undo all the times he’d walked past black cats or under ladders. He could only stand at the grave, shaking, trying to keep his fist clenched so that it wouldn’t tremble.
John gave Sherlock his best soldier stare, and for a long moment it was like time had been suspended. Sherlock almost seemed to have stopped breathing.
“Hmm,” John hummed, running his thumb along the slickness of Sherlock’s lower lip. “I was hoping to take you back to that hotel room and break in that bed properly.”
He pressed their hips together, feeling Sherlock against him, but he was very aware that Rosie was in the crib next to them and though he didn’t want to stop, he couldn’t do—
Sherlock shook his head, arm still covering his face. He felt mortified, and he didn’t want John to see his expression.
John slammed his hand into the headboard for more stability, pumping his hips inward, his stomach rubbing against Sherlock’s cock.
“Goodnight, Sherlock,” Lestrade called back into the living room, but Sherlock seemed lost in his own thoughts.
As he brushed his teeth, John thought about Sherlock’s expression when he had asked whether anyone had ever told him that he snored, and couldn’t help wondering if that meant Sherlock had never slept next to someone before.
If she turned out to be a chemist, Sherlock would probably spout some bravado about not caring, but he’d secretly be thrilled. John didn’t much care what Rosie did, so long as she didn’t follow in her mother’s footsteps: a career murderess who was finally murdered herself.
He nodded once, stiffly. He took the crane, turning and walking out of the bar without another word.
“Yes?” John said, his amusement creeping into his voice as he continued to torture Sherlock with deft fingers.
John was so lost in his own thoughts that he didn’t even notice at first when a sleek, black car pulled up beside him, moving slowly to keep pace with him. Feeling slightly uncomfortable, John walked a bit more quickly.
He had never loved someone this much, and that realization had been terrifying and immobilizing. Even though he had been back at Baker Street for a year, even though he was committed to staying with Sherlock for the rest of his life, he couldn’t have…everything. To be sure, there were more casual touches than there had been before—Sherlock sometimes lay his head in John’s lap, or casually tangled their feet together while they watched bad telly—but nothing seemed to indicate that Sherlock wanted anything
It felt different, somehow, to look at Sherlock’s body now. They weren't really simply flatmates anymore, but they weren’t really something more, either. John tried to keep his gaze at eye level as he helped Sherlock down into the tub.
Chi looked up from her paper at him. “Have you heard the story of Sadako and the One Thousand Paper Cranes?"
John was sitting in his chair, reading the paper, a cup of hot tea steaming next to him. When he saw Sherlock, his eyes immediately lit up a little and the corners of his mouth turned upward.
Not wanting to press the issue while Sherlock was concussed, John dropped it. He helped Sherlock into the taxi, and he immediately rested his head against the glass of the window.
“Another top third year student at the School of Laws, dead under mysterious circumstances,” Sherlock mused once they were alone, scanning the body.
“More,” Sherlock breathed. John obeyed, adding a finger, still bobbing up and down. He worked Sherlock’s hole long enough that he could press in three, and Sherlock moaned loudly. John didn’t stop sucking Sherlock’s cock as he pushed his fingers in and out in long strokes, brushing against Sherlock’s prostate. Sherlock was losing himself already, unable to speak, unable to tell John to stop.
“I’m not good at this.” Sherlock couldn’t stand to meet John’s eyes, so instead he looked up at the ceiling.
“Mmph.” John made a surprised sound, probably about to protest about morning breath, but instead he pulled Sherlock closer, giving in to it. Their teeth clicked slightly before they fell into a rhythm, their lips sliding softly against each other, John’s tongue tangling with Sherlock’s. It was a kiss of reassurance, for both of them, to chase away the pain of almost having lost this. John took his time, skimming his hand around Sherlock’s back to squeeze his arse. The movement pulled their hips together, and Sherlock’s cock, which was already half-hard, brushed against John’s hardening erection.
John kissed him slowly, with purpose, skimming his hands up Sherlock’s back under his shirt, making him shiver. It was like he’d forgotten how to do this entirely; he couldn’t quite remember how to breathe through his nose, and he couldn’t stop kissing Sherlock long enough to inhale properly. He wanted more friction, more of Sherlock’s body pressed against him.
They got to their section, where Wilson was currently checking tickets. He was a middle aged man with a mustache, somewhat portly, and he was wearing a filthy Red Sox hat. It must have been red at one point, but was now a dingy brown from never being washed.
known it then, deep down. He’d tried to keep dating in spite of it, because he’d just been too damned scared to do anything about it. Once Sherlock had come back, he’d been too hurt... and there had been Mary. He’d essentially convinced himself that Sherlock could never love him back, at least not the way John loved him.
Sherlock looked up at him blearily, but he obeyed, placing a palm flat on the side of the wall and standing up enough that John could slip his pyjama bottoms down and off.
He set his drink down, pausing the recording as he stood up and walked over to the foyer. John closed his eyes with his hand on the door, then opened it.
John reached out to card his hand through Sherlock’s hair, massaging his head, as he’d wanted to do so badly the other day.
The warmth in his chest bloomed again, deeper, more permanently than it ever had before. It was a strangely satisfying feeling, like he’d found the last piece of a puzzle, or had come home from a long and arduous journey. Holding Sherlock in his arms felt more like being home than any place John had ever been before. John had never depended on anyone but himself, and the fact that this was starting to change scared him more than anything.
“Yesss,” John licked his hand, reaching down to hold their cocks together. Sherlock threw his head back, holding on to John’s hips, rocking into every thrust.
There was a long pause. When the man spoke again, it was in an even quieter voice than before. “If you were to continue your association with Sherlock Holmes, I would be happy to pay you a meaningful sum of money to…ease your way.”
They kissed slowly, and John felt arousal spiking deep down, but he didn’t want to push Sherlock too far too fast. He took a few more sips from Sherlock’s mouth, then pulled back, still holding Sherlock close.
The softness of Sherlock’s skin against his as they shook hands on tarmac next to a learjet, his body still and calm, his mind screaming
Sherlock didn’t move or speak, and John sighed. “Sherlock, I want to talk to you like adults, if we can manage it. Can you please look at me?”
“Right.” John saw a beer vendor walking down the aisle, so he signaled him down. “Two beers please.”
Sherlock simply raised his eyebrows, and John’s frown deepened. “Guessing that’s a ‘no’ then. Can I still
“Hmm?” John made himself meet Sherlock’s gaze, realizing how close together they were standing. Sherlock’s eyes were wide, and just a bit darker than usual.
“I—yes.” Sherlock’s eyes fluttered open, and he was swaying a little on his feet. John grinned, taking his hand and leading him toward the sofa. He sat down, pulling Sherlock down next to him, close enough that their knees were touching. He looked slightly nervous, despite the fact that John had just been snogging him senseless.
After a long while the song ended, and John shook his head slightly to clear it. Stuffing his hands in his pockets, he turned and strode away before he could be spotted.
, holding it out as if it were an extreme inconvenience. “I accept your apology,” he said imperiously.
Sherlock’s brow furrowed, as if his brain was trying desperately to comprehend those words despite the fever. John leaned down and brushed his lips against Sherlock’s forehead.
Sherlock surprised him with a sudden motion, swinging his leg over so that he could pull himself up onto John’s lap.
John’s mouth was dry, and he couldn’t seem to find any words. He blinked, then blinked again, trying to process this information, but it didn’t seem to be sticking in his brain.
John panted, looking at him, and Sherlock grinned as he unzipped the trousers. His curly head dipped down as he nuzzled at the outline of John’s cock, and then kissed it open-mouthed, his breath hot even through the cotton pants.
Sherlock leaned back, his eyes dark, hair disheveled, and John was overwhelmed with arousal, deeper than he’d felt in about twenty years.
“Not that one. The cupboard in the locker room. I made sure to hide them under the water polo equipment since it’s not the season for it.”
Sherlock ripped off his coat and thrust it at John. “Wait here,” he said, kicking off his shoes and wading into the water.
On a particularly chilly night, John was in the sitting room, trying to get through all his Property law notes for his midterm which was only a few days away. Between rugby practice starting and all the time he now spent investigating with Sherlock, his grades were suffering. He’d been below the median in the first exam for the course, and in order to keep his scholarship he had to ace the midterm.
“What are you doing?” John breathed. The air between them was thick with unsaid words, with want, the visceral, aching
Sherlock didn’t move or open his eyes. “If you want me to sleep here on the couch, I will,” he said.
John stared at him in surprise for a moment, then moved back up to settle between Sherlock’s legs. “You mean… you planned this? Even the king sized bed?"
, not anymore. Before Sherlock died, it happened all the time; inadvertent brushes of hands or feet, but now...it was too delicate, this thing between them, like a bubble that could burst at the smallest contact.
, maybe multiple someones. And you’re under some kind of ridiculous presumption that you will become a barrister and be able to get his sentence reduced? Is that it?”
“Time’s it?” Sherlock asked, his voice low and gravelly, which sent a small shiver down John’s spine. John realized that his hand was still on Sherlock’s shoulder, which was dangerous, but he didn’t want to move back.
Sherlock realized he had his hands fisted in the back of John’s vest, and he was making little half-hiccuping noises. Taking a deep breath, he made himself loosen his grip a little.
“Right, nothing at all, obviously,” John said, sitting on the bedside and reaching over to feel Sherlock’s forehead. It was clammy but feverish, and his hair was plastered to his forehead.
“Of course it is. Well, it was. They never found anything of consequence, because the most important item was already gone when they arrived.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Can we see the body now? If you’re done with your cro-magnon friendship ritual?”
John pulled his soiled jumper off, and tried to rinse the stain out as best he could. After he had pulled on the new jumper, he glanced at himself in the mirror. It was almost the same shade of blue as his eyes, and it was more luxurious than anything he had ever owned. He felt uncomfortable in it.
“Ah, we get to the bottom of this whole tirade. I had a good day at work, by the way, thanks for asking.” John dropped his messenger bag on a chair, irritation coursing through him.
John raised his eyebrow back. "Of course not." He put the chart back in its place and walked around the bed, putting his stethoscope in his ears then leaning in to listen to her chest.
Was he allowed to move closer? The morning after was one of John’s favourite parts of being with someone, but maybe Sherlock wouldn’t want this. He’d always seemed to eschew romantic relationships, after all.
“Or… I know we don’t do it very often, so…” John raised his head to meet Sherlock’s gaze, his eyes dark. “Would you like to fuck me?”
A few days went by. John had the cashmere jumper cleaned and left it next to his door, and every time he walked by, he paused momentarily but didn’t take it with him.
Stuffing his hands in his pockets, Sherlock jerked his head in what John assumed was the direction of his flat and started to stride away, his long coat billowing behind him dramatically.
Sherlock barreled forward, as if he were incapable of listening to John’s protests. “No. Let me guess…smashed into something while driving drunk. Skull fracture, dead instantly.”
Rolling his eyes, Sherlock batted away John’s hand. “My mind is like a hard drive, John. Details such as
John felt himself flush deeply. He released Sherlock’s face and straightened up, clearing his throat. “Good, you’re awake. That’s, um…” he cleared his throat again. “Good."
John finally got Sherlock’s trousers undone, and pushed them and his pants off and down to the floor. He had to stop for a moment, trailing his fingers down the expanse of skin, still feeling giddy. Sherlock was finally naked, underneath him, completely at his mercy; he trusted him,
He untucked Sherlock’s shirt so that he could skim his fingernails up his spine. Sherlock cupped John’s face with both hands, sipping from his mouth, grinding downward with his hips, and John arched upwards unconsciously. Their clothed cocks brushed against each other, and John felt Sherlock gasp into his mouth.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, still watching him with that unnerving gaze. Glad to escape, John shuffled out to the kitchen to make them tea. As the water was boiling, he hunted some more in the cabinets until he found an ancient-looking bottle of paracetamol.
He reached in his pocket, pulling out the yellow crane, which he had carried with him every day. He re-folded the tiny paper head, smoothing out the wings.
As he watched the car pull away, John’s immediate impulse was to call Sherlock and warn him. However, as he took out his phone and looked at the screen, he realized that he hadn’t actually gotten Sherlock’s number.
“That was truly brilliant, what you did today. Figuring out what really killed her. Alexia, she…” John cleared his throat, unable to find the words to finish the sentence.
“Sherlock?” John said, standing up and rubbing his eyes. He sat on the side of the bed, catching one of Sherlock’s flailing arms.
John rubbed his eyes with one hand, leaning back slightly to look up at the ceiling. They were more than they were before, but it was still viscous, unformed, not fully actualized. After so many years of waiting to be with Sherlock, the burden of longing he had carried for far too long had finally been lifted. The problem was, now John had no idea how to act around Sherlock. They knew each other inside out, possibly better than two people had ever known each other before, but now it was as if they had turned over a stone and found another world underneath.
Carl Powers, a third year from the UCL School of Laws, had been found dead in the pool three days earlier. The media had reported it as an accidental drowning, and there’d been no mention of foul play. Of course, everyone at the School of Laws had been talking about it.
John rolled his eyes. “She drinks different amounts at different times, Sherlock. She’s a baby, not a robot."
He felt John peel the waistband of his pants down, just enough that he could free his cock, which was a huge relief. For a moment, nothing else happened, and Sherlock squirmed a little, and then John blew directly on the tip. Sherlock moaned, and when John enveloped the head with his mouth, he arched upward, just a bit, but John held him down with his forearm over his hips. He slid all the way down once, twice, before finding a faster rhythm.
Sherlock turned to look at him, his pale face in shadow, eyes dark. “What took us so long?” he asked, his voice soft.
“Good morning,” John whispered, the apprehension he’d been feeling a moment earlier fluttering away like a leaf in the wind.
Sherlock’s eyes, which were strangely luminous in the half light, were darting all over John’s face, and he knew that he was being scrutinized. “That’s why I relapsed, John. I couldn’t. I just couldn’t.
“I wasn’t keen on her or anything, you know,” John blurted out before he could stop himself. For some reason, it felt important to make that clear. “I just…she was a good person. She didn’t deserve this.”
“I’m asking Mycroft–well, really, Anthea–to book the tickets and the hotel. We can’t use the Lear jet this time because he’s taking it to Morocco to mediate some kind of clandestine peace talks between Pakistan and India–”
But then John was moving off of him. Sherlock almost protested, but a stern look from John and he clicked his jaw shut again. He stopped when his head was level with Sherlock’s pants, which were straining to restrain his cock. “Okay, where were we the other day?”
“Sherlock—” John started to say. Sherlock pressed his finger to John’s lips, a flash of mischief in his eyes, as he sank to a kneeling position on the ground. He smoothed his hands up John’s thighs, biting his lower lip, unabashedly eyeing John’s still-clothed cock.
“Come along, John,” Sherlock called over his shoulder, striding forward as if he belonged there. John sighed in exasperation, jogging to catch up with him.
“I think I do,” John said, before he stepped closer, his hand sliding down to grasp the lapel of Sherlock’s coat and pulling him down into a kiss.
John frowned. He’d completely forgotten about the oral argument, and he did need to go over his notes again before class. “But I—”
John made a noise of satisfaction, repeating the motion. Sherlock was sure he was making some strange noises, but he wasn’t about to tell John to stop.
“Get it yourself,” John snapped over his shoulder. He trudged back up to his room and closed the door, a bit more forcefully than was necessary, spilling some of his tea.
“No.” Sherlock looked surprised, as if that hadn’t even crossed his mind. “Not just tonight. I want everything
John rolled his eyes, taking off his rain-drenched clothes as quickly as possible, leaving only his pants, and slid into the bed carefully. Sherlock didn’t move, his eyes widening slightly as if he hadn’t expected for John to actually get in bed with him.
“It’s all right,” John said, unable to think of anything else to say. He rested his forehead against Sherlock’s, and Sherlock sighed.
John looked at Sherlock again, and as if he could sense his gaze, Sherlock looked up at John. As their gaze met, his lips slid upward into a grin.
John crossed his arms. “Okay, putting aside the fact that entering a crime scene unaccompanied is one hundred percent illegal, why are you doing this?”
Sherlock held up her hand again. “See how torn her fingernails are? She was clawing at the wall when she was asphyxiating, trying to get out. If you take samples from under her fingernails, we might be able to match it with building materials to find out where she died.”
Locked in his gaze, like a cold chill, Sherlock felt that part of himself, the pre-John self, the lonely man he’d been before. The part that had been separated from John, achingly empty, while he was with Mary. He never wanted to feel like that again.
Sherlock looked out over the water with his hands clasped behind him, and neither of them moved or spoke for several long seconds.
John inhaled, breathing in the proximity of him, trying to burn the moment into his memory forever; the way Sherlock’s eyes glinted in the low light, the way he smelled just a bit of baby formula and formaldehyde, the creak of the old house around them, the wail of the siren fading to stillness.
“It’s…er…nice.” He wasn’t exactly sure why his opinion was of consequence. “Much nicer than my flat.”
Sherlock’s eyes were still boring into him, but he simply tilted his head toward the hall. John felt himself flushing deeply as he walked to the loo, shutting the door quickly and leaning over the sink. He turned on the faucet and splashed some water on his face.
“They were only hiring men who worked at the stadium and had a rare 100th anniversary Red Sox hat, specifically a red one, which had never been washed. Which, essentially, meant that Wilson was the only hirable candidate."
“I never expected to fall in love, you know. I thought I was incapable of it,” Sherlock said quietly.
When the fourth inning finally started, Sherlock sat forward in his seat during the entire inning, watching their section instead of the game. John split his attention, trying to watch both, and by the time the inning ended and Sherlock sat back, he wasn’t sure if he had seen anything unusual.
John walked back into the room, having disposed of the towel, and stood by the bed, carding his hand through Sherlock’s hair.
He sat back in his chair, watching Sherlock breathe--his chest rising and falling with a steady inevitability. He tried not to think about the scars, but it was like trying not to think about the elephant in the room.
Undeterred, Donovan barreled forward. “Just you wait. One of these days, we are going to be standing around a body and Sherlock Holmes will be the one who put it there.”
“We do?” John said wearily, giving in. Sherlock slid in after him, closing the door and barking an address at the cab driver.
,” Sherlock gasped, tilting his hips upward into John’s movements. He could do this forever, always, having John on top of him like this, inside of him, filling him.
The scene that greeted him was worse than he had feared. A rather burly man was standing over the limp form of Sherlock Holmes, whose hair was flung over his face. John could see that he’d been hit enough times to draw blood. The other man, who was slighter, shorter, and darker, yet somehow seemed like the more powerful of the two, was leaning against the wall and watching them with clinical disinterest.
Sherlock clapped his hand over John’s mouth. They were close enough that John could see the outline of Sherlock’s face in the darkness, but not his expression.
“I’m going to go up and check on Rosie,” John said. He turned and marched up the stairs as fast as possible.
John slapped his paper to the ground, crossing his arms and looking up at him with amusement and a bit of irritation. “Enlighten me then, genius.”
“You have to leave because you are very busy and important, we know,” Sherlock interrupted. “John, is the spiced wine ready?”
“She wouldn’t kill herself over a bloke. She was too—I don’t know, pragmatic,” John said. He stood, crossing his arms across his chest and trying to breathe deeply, filling his lungs with the abnormally brisk air.
John startled, pulling back, the bliss that had been flowing through him coming to a screeching halt.
“The girl was so sick that she couldn’t go anywhere, so one day she started folding paper cranes.” She pointed up at the strings of cranes overhead. “There’s a legend that if you fold a thousand paper cranes, your wish will be granted. So she tried to fold a thousand, hoping that once she did, she would be cured.”
“Sherlock?” John reached over and started massaging Sherlock’s head with one hand. It was soothing, but it didn’t completely calm the anxiety that was fluttering through Sherlock’s chest.
“Keep telling yourself that, maybe it will come true.” John had to physically stop himself from pressing a kiss to Sherlock’s temple. Being in bed with him was intoxicating, not in a sexual way, necessarily, but in an intimate way–in a way he’d been longing to be with Sherlock for far too long. He was so in love with him that it felt like his chest was caving in with it.
He kissed Sherlock again, tenderly, pouring every ounce of love he’d felt since that first day into it, and slowly, started rocking again, building them up to the crest this time.
“So why do we have to go to a game?” John asked, once they were through security. “You haven’t actually told me.”
“They’re your date shoes,” Sherlock said matter-of-factly. “And I was certain you weren’t trying to pull Mrs. Hudson.”
Sherlock sighed dramatically. “No one at NSY will take my hypotheses seriously, and their resistance is becoming unbelievably frustrating. So I’m just going to have to solve it on my own.”
He felt Sherlock’s sharp intake of breath in surprise, as if after all that had happened it was still unlikely that this was the inevitable outcome of all the events leading up to this, after what felt like a lifetime of wondering what could be and what might have been.
Sherlock opened his eye as requested, but John immediately regretted the suggestion. For a moment, Sherlock simply looked at him, his lips pressed together. “You’re a doctor,” he said simply.
The minutes inched tortuously by, until Professor Moriarty finally ended the lecture. John immediately bounded from his seat and bolted for the door.
,” he added, licking over Sherlock’s pulse point, which caused a frisson to run down Sherlock’s body.
, who shall remain nameless, I have to study in order to do well in school. It doesn’t come naturally to me.”
The voices stopped and he heard the crunching noise again, accompanied by the muffled sound of someone trying not to cry out in pain.
Everyone looked at John, and he felt himself flush, taking another big gulp of his scotch to hide his face.
He wasn’t afraid anymore, not even a little bit. It was time to jump off the edge, to finally just go all in. “I want you, Sherlock. I…”—
John sighed, rubbing his eyes with one hand. Despite his attempts to stay away from Sherlock, here he was, back in the man’s flat. Not only that, but he was staying up all night and watching him sleep.
Sherlock chewed his bottom lip. “I didn't think…I couldn’t tell if you wanted this. You hadn’t dated anyone since you moved back in, but I still couldn’t tell if you wanted...I thought maybe I could force the issue, so to speak, by putting it up.” Sherlock paused. “You avoided it judiciously for days, so I thought I had my answer.”
Moriarty threw down the rag, stuffed his hands in his pockets and swaggered back to where John stood. “I suppose I should ask, instead, whether you can swim at all. It can be an important skill, you know. When you’re thrown headfirst into deep water, you don’t always know whether there are…sharks.” The sides of his mouth slid upward, slowly, into a mirthless grin.
Sherlock thumbed at the heads of their cocks, and John felt himself getting close already. They continued like that for some time, until Sherlock started thrusting with more intent. John reached down with both hands to grasp Sherlock by the hips, holding on for the ride.
Sherlock obeyed, his eyes widening when he saw where John was standing. The blinking light from the mantelpiece lit up his face in green, pink and purple, and his eyes seemed even more luminescent than usual.
“Only one hour left,” he said pointedly. He went into the kitchen and started heating up the wine on the stove, adding spices, brandy and sugar to it. Mrs. Hudson had already brought some of the dishes upstairs, so there wasn’t much else left to do.
“John,” Mr. Hatayama stood, catching his arm. “Please, just take it with you. It was the last thing she asked me to do. Please.” He picked up the crane and held it out to John. “She said to say… you promised.”
John stood up, pushing his trousers off the rest of the way, and as he did, Sherlock spread his knees in a way that showed exactly what he wanted. John settled in between his legs, and their cocks brushed together. Sherlock’s eyes fell closed and he pulled John to him, moaning lightly, hips arching upward again. John had come too recently to get hard again, but if he had been about fifteen years younger, that would have done it.
“I’ve imagined doing this a thousand times,” Sherlock mumbled. “But reality was beyond my imagination.”
He walked over and sat on the arm of the chair, and reached out to sink his fingers into the curls at the back Sherlock’s head, massaging his scalp.
Sherlock furrowed his brow. “They are obviously going to destroy the trainers, and they have erased all other traces of the murder. They need another method of
John chuckled. “Good,” he said, fingers brushing over Sherlock’s still-clothed cock, which was starting to show some interest.
When he was finished, he looked up again, at the roof. He sat there for a long time, giving his final goodbye.
“I'm fine, John,” the detective insisted, his voice a little stronger now. He grabs John hand away from his collar, I pulls in into a jog. “We've got to go to the museum, now!”
“Stop! Stop, we can't giggle, it's a crime scene! Stop it!” John tries to say, pulling out of Sherlock’s arms just enough to look him in the eyes.
“And Dimmock still thought Van Coon and Lukis are suicides, to top it all off.” Sherlock finished, finally taking a stab at the eggs John has made him.
“Guys, we're also looking for a mobile somewhere here, belonged to the victim…” Lestrade instructed anyway, and the sound of shuffling feet and moving objects was added to the cacophony of sounds slowing starting to fill 221B.
Lestrade gets swept up in doing his job once the other officers finally show up, that he doesn't actually find Sherlock until much later, when he's been seated in the back of an ambulance and given a bright orange shock blanket. He notes that Watson has snuck back onto the other side of the caution tape, and is talking with Donovan as he approaches Sherlock.
“Not interested,” the Detective dismisses with an eye roll, noticing a scratch across table, and covering it quickly with some of his notes for the experiment still set up on the table, hoping John won't notice it for a while yet. “I sent them a message.”
“Sherlock…” John said a bit more insistently. Sherlock rushed back over to John, leaning over the man's shoulder, very much in John's space, as both arms came on either side of the man, palms on the armrests so he would lean in closer. And yeah. Sherlock’s got a boyfriend. Right. Nevermind the murder mystery, how the Hell did that happen?
“Oh, so not only did you wake me up for a drugs bust with no actual probable cause, but you're not even using actual, properly trained officers?” John asked with a bitter laugh.
And just like that Sherlock's worries were flying out the window and he examined the body, and the rest of the flat, while John phones the Yard. Later, after Sherlock's basically done the Yard’s job or deducing Van Coon’s death to be a murder, not a suicide, and John has had to explain that yes John going through a stranger's dirty laundry is different than John going through Sherlock’s, for Christ’s Sake, the duo leave to explain to Sebastian everything they've got so far. Sebastian is as arrogant and unhelpful as ever, denying the murder and the subsequent threat to himself and his employees, and sends them on their way to “do the job they were hired for.”
"What thing? The thing where I stand here and you talk half-realised abuse at me until you come up with something clever, or the one where you stand there and
"The one where you shut up will do nicely, thanks." Sherlock said, still looking at only John, who was looking back at the other with a thoroughly
“So, the shooter. No sign?” The slight up-curve to Sherlock’s lip as he changes the subject tells Lestrade that Sherlock does actually know it was John, and he knows Lestrade knows it was John.
Throughout the few years the blog has been up, it's easy to see the Consulting Detective and his Doctor have amass quite the following, as each new post- both the personal and the ones documenting Sherlock’s brilliance- have more comments from people that “just stumbled across it” or were “sent by a friend and don't regret checking it out!” than the previous. People ask them all sorts of questions in the comments, about the couple’s relationship as much as asking them to “solve my mysteries please!!.” The later often responded to with “send us an email with the details, there's a link on the homepage.” At first any that ask for more details, Sherlock responds to with a great amount of detail, but as comments have a word count, and Sherlock tended to rant, eventually case posts start getting posted in double, one for those that like the stories from John's perspective, and one from Sherlock for those that like hearing all the analytical details. Eventually he comes across the post from about a year ago that documents the change in the blog's title from “The Personal Blog of Dr. John H. Watson” to “The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes” There are several complaints in the comments of this post, all from Sherlock- and all effectly drowns out by the hundreds that loved the new name. Greg amusingly suspects that Sherlock probably complained a lot more in real life about the ludicousity of the title change, which probably prompted the next post announcing yet another title change, this time to its current title
Greg will not be ashamed to admit he spends the next few days reading through all the stories as well as the personal posts that both John and Sherlock post- Sherlock’s with a much more reluctant and sarcastically toned. No one else at the Yard will be ashamed to admit such either.
Sebastian Wilkes, from Sherlock’s Uni days, is apparently offering a gracious sum of money if Sherlock can come by the bank he manages and deduce the who, how and why someone broke into one of their offices the night before and sprayed graffiti on the wall. There's more details about what's happened in the email, and Sherlock decides that despite his dislike of Sebastian, the case is intriguing, and John would be incredibly upset if he found out Sherlock turn the money away.
Sherlock nodded, the ghost of a smile passing over his lips. “There's another possibility: chemical inhalation. See these skin irritations?”
She licked her lips, her tiny pink tongue sticking out just a little bit, like a cat. Then she closed her eyes, and after a few seconds of silence John thought she had fallen asleep. He was just about to get up and leave her to her rest when she spoke again.
John moved a bit closer, sliding his arm around Sherlock’s waist, so that they were breathing each other’s air.
“Sex. We were just talking about this. Why I can’t lose myself in the moment and...“ he gestured in front of him, hoping that his point is implicit.
He repeated this for a few minutes until John felt like he was going to pass out, and already felt embarrassingly close to coming.
John was about to ask what that meant when there was a knock on the door, and an older woman—Mrs. Hudson, presumably—came in holding a tea tray.
The woman—Donovan— looked from Sherlock to John. “You should stay away from him if you know what’s good for you,” she said to John. “He’s a psychopath.”
This was what he’d been waiting for, and it had been so long that he didn’t know how to handle the waiting coming to an end.
John sat down on a bench near the ambulance bay. Despite the fact that he must look quite insane, sitting in a hospital parking lot in the dead of night, slowly, methodically, he folded it.
He took out his violin and quickly tuned it, then simply let it rest against his neck as he looked out the window, plucking a few strings but not actually playing anything. John sighed and went back to his reading. Despite only having lived with him for a couple of weeks, he knew that nothing he did would snap Sherlock out of it right now.
It took him a month to go back to the hospital. When he finally did, the supervising doctor said nothing about his long absence. Instead, she looked at him with that pitying look, as if he were something broken that no longer had any hope of being fixed.
There was nothing to confirm that they were in the right place other than the sign on the front, which proclaimed that “The Red Sox-Hatted League” had officially been disbanded.
“Yeah, right,” John said dryly, unbuttoning Sherlock’s sopping wet shirt and taking it off. Hesitating slightly, he reached to undo Sherlock’s trousers and pulled them down. Once Sherlock was only in his pants, John helped him into bed and under the covers.
Sherlock sighed, looking up at the ceiling, tapping his foot. “John, remember the conversation we had the other day about why I can’t orgasm easily?”
“Work, unfortunately,” John said, not even trying to correct her about their relationship. Sherlock never had, even in the early years. For what felt like the thousandth time, John couldn’t help wondering what that meant.
John’s legs were about to give out underneath him. The one thing that seemed to be anchoring him to the earth was the fact that Sherlock was trembling, his breath coming in short bursts.
He reached out to smooth Sherlock’s hair a bit, and Sherlock shifted in his sleep, starting to wake up. John leaned down to kiss him, as he’d wished he could do so many times before.
John turned down Baker Street and walked up the well-worn, familiar steps, opening the door with his key.
Sherlock eventually opened his eyes, looking directly at John. His surroundings melted away, and it was as if the two of them were the only ones in the room, as if Sherlock were playing just for him. His eyes were mesmerizingly dark and stormy grey, and his pupils were wide in the dim light. His pale skin was ethereal, contrasting with the wine silk shirt, and his body shifted, moving lithely with the music.
“He didn’t give a shit, Harry,” John said, not even bothering to deny that this was because of Sherlock. “He killed himself without a thought of what it would do to me.”
Their lips just barely brushed against each other, and that single point of contact was like a lightning bolt down his spine. John’s toes actually curled inwards with the force of it.
“Doctor Watson! I am such a fan of your blog. I used to read it religiously before you stopped posting as much,” he said, grinning as he shook John’s hand.
Downing the last of his scotch in one gulp, John walked slowly toward the living room, pausing directly underneath the beam.
Mrs. Hudson sighed, moving over to pat Sherlock on the shoulder. “I’m so glad that you’re moving on, Sherlock. That boy wasn’t good for you.”
“Shh,” John said, smoothing his hands up Sherlock’s thighs again. “We are doing this my way, remember? You’re still alright aren’t you?”
John didn’t say anything, instead letting his forehead fall to Sherlock’s chest. His hands fisted in Sherlock’s coat, and he felt the tears starting to prick his eyes. He didn’t believe in fate or luck, but somehow, Sherlock had come back to him.
“Your turn,” he whispered. He kissed down Sherlock’s torso until his head was even with Sherlock’s still-hard, leaking cock.
John felt irrationally pissed off about it. It wasn’t as if he would be kissing anyone under said mistletoe, including the only person he wanted to kiss: the person who was currently sitting on the living room floor.
“Anderson, don’t talk out loud, you lower the IQ of the entire street.” Sherlock was still examining the body, now with a small magnifying glass. “She didn’t die in the water. In fact, I don’t think she was ever in the river itself, as her coat isn’t drenched on the inside. The tide may have lapped around her body, but she was dumped here on the riverbank. John, are there any other causes of pulmonary edema other than drowning?”
“Oh, yes I do,” Lestrade took her face in both hands and kissed her, to Mrs. Hudson’s delight. It wasn’t a quick kiss, either, especially when Lestrade dipped her.
“You know, I’m not entirely sure your clothes will fit me.” John peered into a beaker of some noxious-looking substance on the countertop.
John put his own coat on another hook and walked into the flat. It was homey, if messy, with two armchairs in front of an old-fashioned fireplace. There was a skull on the mantelpiece, next to a stack of letters had been skewered to the wood with a knife. Various medical and chemical tomes, as well as sheets of notes, were scattered everywhere. John wandered into the kitchen, where two different microscopes had been set up, and what appeared to be a couple of ongoing experiments.
Sherlock framed John’s head with his arms, shifting a little so that their cocks could slide against each other through their clothes. John arched up against him, his hands sliding down to cup Sherlock’s glorious ass, pulling him down hard.
“Greg Lestrade,” the man said, shaking John’s hand as his eyes slid from John to Sherlock and back again. “I suppose you can observe. Maybe someday you’ll be a prosecutor, eh? Couldn’t hurt to have a friend in that office.” He clapped John on the back. “You play football at UCL, John?”
“I'm investigating," he said slowly, as if John were daft. "I want to be a consulting detective, solving crimes. I invented the job.”
Chi shook her head. “No, that’s not how it works, Doctor Watson. I have to fold all of my own cranes or my wish won’t be granted. You should do your own.”
Ten minutes later, John found himself standing outside a building near campus. He glanced down at his phone, then back up.
“Hot dogs are also required at baseball games, according to Virginia,” John interrupted, handing one to Sherlock.
People always thought there was an overhanging stench, or a harbinger, of death in hospitals. But the cancer ward wasn’t like that. Most of the time that wing was quiet, a place of peace. It was like a deep breath before plunging underwater.
More than an hour went by this way, until eventually Sherlock turned to look at him. “Why do you do it?” he asked.
“This way!” Sherlock yelled, veering into an alley to the right. John nearly ran past by accident, stopping short and bumping into an elderly man.
Sherlock brought John’s hand to his lips, kissing his palm, a gesture so tender that John couldn’t quite breathe.
“And biscuits if you have them,” Sherlock called back, taking off his scarf and coat as he reached the entryway. He took the baggie with the swab out of his coat pocket.
“We’ll fix that,” John said, the corner of his mouth twitching upward as he carded a hand through Sherlock’s hair.
Sherlock’s cock, now leaking slightly, was rubbing against John’s stomach. He pushed both palms against the headboard to allow John to thrust up harder.
John flushed, realizing that must have been part of the reading that he’d been unable to finish the night before, as he was taking care of a certain posh chemistry student. “I, er… I think it was… good?”
Then, when Sherlock was sure he was going to combust if John didn’t actually touch his cock, John licked the pants directly over it. Sherlock swore, his hands now fisting into the sheets at his sides.
They had a lovely meal, sharing a bottle of wine, and John’s eyes glinted in the candlelight. As they chatted easily over dessert, Sherlock knew he had the perfect moment to do it. He looked up at John, who was watching him, a soft smile on his face… and he started to say it, but for some reason, he couldn’t. It was too much. What if John left again? He couldn’t bear it; he would rather have John like this, than not at all.
Once they were in the room, John turned to face him again. He slipped his hand around Sherlock’s neck, pulling his head down to kiss him once, slowly, before standing back a little. Sherlock watched, his heart beating out of his chest, as John trailed his fingers down Sherlock’s stomach to the tie of his robe. John tugged one end of the tie, pushing the robe off Sherlock’s shoulders, so that Sherlock was standing in only his pants.
and fires it at the window. By the time his head turns the Cabbie’s already fallen to ground out of sight, and it’s obvious Sherlock’s now yelling at him.
“It's alright, I know,” the man said calmly, soothingly, leaning back against the counter now. Taking some of the pressure off his leg, Greg thought. He didn't seem at all bothered by Sherlock proximity, and Greg was starting to see a surprising picture here. “But I
“Not really!” he hisses. “He gave me a vague threats-of-consequences by way of your brother! Sherlock he shot a man and didn't flinch, are you sure he's not dangerous, I mean what the Hell?”
They spent hours up there together sorting and searching, because not only do both of the dead men have almost identical book collections, but they have extensively large collection. John takes more frequent breaks then Sherlock throughout the day, but they both manage to work their way through a fair amount of the books by the evening, when Sherlock flips closed the book in front of him, that, surprise surprise, is not the one used to decipher the code.
Sherlock doesn't get much time in the cab to ponder over John's thought process for “thinking about it” because they arrive at Van Coon’s apartment building shortly thereafter. Sherlock gets them inside by pretending to be Van Coon and on the elevator ride up, John gets out first on Van Coon’s floor, leaving Sherlock to scale the balcony on his own. Sherlock's so instantly distracted by the number of deduction his brain charges him with once he's in Van Coon’s flat- he's very wealthy, he's left handed, very clean,- that he forgets he's meant to let John in until he hears the man shouting to be ‘let in already!”
Sherlocks arms encircle John's waist under the covers and he rest his forehead against the back of John's neck.
“John and I need to talk about the rent.” Sherlock tells him, like that's a perfectly logical thing to do at a crime scene.
And here Lestrade pauses, because he remembers John telling him about how he'd met Sherlock while he and John's sister had been in rehab together. So this was clearly the post he'd written that day, and suddenly Greg felt like he was prying, because yeah, he'd known Sherlock longer than John, and John had told him the story already, but Lestrade’s already verified that Watson is a perfectly respectable man, so isn't he just snooping at this point? And then he spots the title of the next blog entry, from a couple of months later.
“I was an army doctor, I'm not a civilian, I'll be fine!” he calls as he rounds the corner of the stairs and disappears. Then Lestrade hears a thud, a swear of "Damnit my leg!" and the sound of John continuing loudly down the stares before he thinks to move after him.
If the people standing all around the flat hadn't already been silently watching the two, there would have been a gaping silence all around after that. Many people, Lestrade included, looked from John's shoulder to his leg, getting a clearer picture then ever of Sherlock's flatmate.
Sherlock hops up to stand at his full height, and walks away, towards where John was standing, by himself now as Donovan's walked off at some point.
“Yeah, but when you were dying, John… When you were being murdered: in your very last few seconds what did you say?”
Sherlock smiled to himself minutely. He'd known at least some of John's pains had to be psychosomatic at this point, but he hadn't been willing to say anything. Now though, now there was too much excitementright in front of him for John to possibly go lay back down. Adrinialine and adventure, that's all John needed at this moment to break the nasty depression he'd sunk into since returning home.
Sherlock chides himself for forgetting that John is with him, and will be with him from now on while John is doing so. He's been so used to being alone on cases, because even though John always came with him while on leave, a majority of his time the idea of Sherlock Holmes and John Watson together was just an abstract idea, something rare you mostly talked about, but never really saw because John was always overseas. But he’d just been making a big deal in a cab ride over about them being together, and then he'd left John in a hall like an idio- Oh, a dead body in a locked room! How exciting.
“Why have I got this blanket? They keep putting this blanket on me,” is the first thing Sherlock says when he spots the DI.
Possibly John is the one in need of comfort, and was attempting to prompt Sherlock into providing the needed comfort by saying it first? But that really didn't sound like John. It was too complicated, and too deceptive, so no. That wasn't it.
“Well, maybe it was in the case when you brought it back and it fell out somewhere?” Lestrade suggested.
I thank you all ever so kindly for waking him, it's not as if he needed the rest." Sherlock spat at no one in particular. "If you're all still here under the pretence of a drugs bust, there's several painkillers and antibiotics for John in the bathroom cabinet that I will thank you to confiscated as well.”
A little something to tide y'all over while I finish up the rewrite of the blind banker (If anyone can think of a better punny title than "The Bi Banker" I would MUCH appreciate you suggesting it.)
“Did you shout abuse until it called you clever, too?” Sherlock let's his amusement at the image of John yelling at the chip-and-PIN machine in the middle of a crowded store, eventually become flustered and embraced seep into his voice as he teases his boyfriend.
“Why did you buy that thing?” Sherlock says while they're sitting in a small restaurant,staking out the shop from across the street. The little cat sites on the table, waving innocently at him from next to John's plate of well deserved food.
Well now John's just being ridiculous. It's obvious this is the only long term solution to their problem, even John should see that. What's there to think about?
“It okay, they're just talking now, I think they'll be fine- shit no, what is he doing!?” John and Greg watch as the cabbie’s mouth moves, talking to Sherlock as the other man's hand moves slowly toward his mouth. “Christ he's gonna do it- he- shit Sherlock!”
So of course Greg looks the guy up. Sherlock my be an arse, and can take care of himself, but Greg worries. And Sherlock would totally harbor a lunatic criminal in his flat if he thought the guy was neat!
that there was another person living in 221B, rather than finding out the way he had, which worked out well for exactly no one.
“Ah, there you've gone.” Sherlock says lightly as he open the door and steps aside for John. He quickly amends his mistake properly by allowing John the honor of shoulder-charging the locked bedroom door open.
“I did love getting into trouble with him. He loves mysteries and I love adventure, so it worked perfect. Well then three months later, I had to return to Afghanistan, so we kept in touch with letters, I'd tell him all the stuff I could, and told him if he's guessing all the rest of it, he better not write it in a letter or else I'd get in trouble. He told me about all the mysteries he solved, people he'd helped- pages and pages of handwritten letters, detailing every bit of exactly how he figured everything out…”
Sherlock's sitting in his chair in the living room, his breathing only just evened out after an incredible fight with the assassin over a diamond right here in the flat, when he hears the front door open downstairs and then slam shut again. This is followed by the tell-tale sound of John stomping his way up the seventeen steps to their flat. Sherlock quickly grabbed a book and flips to a random page in an effort to look as if that's all he'd been doing since John left, because judging by the heaviness and speed with which John is trudging up the stairs, he's not having the usual trouble with his prosthetic, but rather is in a mood, and Sherlock really doesn't want to add to that by letting on that he'd had an exhilarating fight with an assassin over the fate of a diamond while John had been doing the shopping.
Sherlock hears a faint “My god...” of astonishment from John as he takes Sebastian’s cheque, and Sherlock does so believe John's annoying money troubles won't be bothering either of them for quite some time.
“You're the one who shot him. Don't blame me.” Sherlock struggles to keep the grin off his face, glad John was alright for the moment. “Dinner?”
And then Sherlock remember earlier that day when he'd proposed the joint account, and John had said “he'd think about” and been utterly confusing.
John wakes up hours later to Sherlock curling up on the couch behind him. The flat is completely dark save the street lights filtering in through the window, and the dim hall light they almost never turn off.
“Left, take a left here.” John says from the passenger seat next to Greg as they rush after Sherlock.
After another look at the vandalized wall, and a ridiculous dance across the trading floor, which John barely repressed the urge to film, they're turning around again and leaving, and really this is turning out to be an exhausting day for John's legs. Sherlock explain on the way out the door exactly who the message was for- one Edward Van Coon- and how he figured this out. While they're on their way to Van Coon’s apartment to question him, Sherlock speaks up about something entirely unexpected.
After reading for a bit Lestrade thinks he kinda liked the guy. He had a dry sense of humor, was very witty, and did seem genuinely nice. Lestrade kept reading. There were several short post after that one, for a couple of months, before one said
“We'll just have a map reference, not a name.” Lestrade said, trying to remind Sherlock he was in charge by not immediately jumping into action.
Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade is not as observant as Consulting Detective Sherlock Holmes. This is why he's come to Sherlock for help in the first place, when they find the fourth victim of a serial suicide case has left a note. But never mind that, were he as observant as Sherlock he wouldn't be coming to Sherlock in the first place, because more to the point: were he as observant as the consulting detective, he would have noticed when he came asking for Sherlock’s help, that there were more dishes in the sink than usual, that there were things laying around the flat that obviously didn't belong to Sherlock, that a door closed quietly from behind the kitchen while Sherlock was talking with him, that Sherlock left with him while there was still water for tea was boiling in a kettle on a stove. Then Lestrade could have
“Couldn't sleep, thought I'd keep you company,” John replies as he replaces the shrinker on his leg and lies down, facing the back of the couch and trying to get comfortable. “Put your legs down.”
“Detective Inspector Lestrade, this is drugs bust,” Greg said, trying to keep his composure despite his bafflement, while his team slowly started to abandoned their own half-started search in order to watch the exchange.
“Jennie dot pink at mephone dot org dot uk.” John read without hesitation, coming to stand behind Sherlock’s chair.
“How can it be here? How?” Sherlock leaned in closer to the screen, accidentally putting just enough pressure on John's shoulder to make him hiss in pain, and make Sherlock jolt back with a quick apology.
“No.” John replies shortly, crossing his arms, because he really doesn't like RAZ, but apparently they need his help again.
John can't climb up the ladder into Soo Lin Yao’s flat and they both know it, so when Sherlock fails, yet again, to open up the front door, it set John off a little bit, and has him yelling through the mail slot. That doesn't mean he doesn't notice, or doesn't care, when Sherlock comes through the door all croaky
“Well that's idiotic, I don't need company,” Sherlock argues as he obligingly lowers his legs to the floor and lifts his laptop so John can lay his left foot and the end of the duvet over the detective’s lap. Sherlock adjust his end of the blanket so it covers his own bare feet as well, and set his laptop down, partially on John's foot. “And this couch is much too uncomfortable for you, your back will hurt in a morning. Why didn't you just call me into to bedroom?”
Hey okay I know I said at some point this was gonna be a full rewrite, but I said that when I was MAD, and now I just don't care about BBC sherlock, and so I'm not gonna finish this, but I felt like I own you guys what I managed to get through, it's only half the blind banker I wrote it on my phone, and I didn't even try to edit it, sorry. I might come back to it one day, but I wouldn't hold your break.
“First we find all of the books they had in common,” Sherlock answers. “Then we see if whichever word is the first on page fifteen seems like a reasonable single word message to have left for Van Coon and Lukis. Most likely it will be a simple threat.”
“The book; the key to the cipher. She had to have it. It had to be sitting right there on her desk, and I didn't even notice!” The consulting detective shuffles through the photos until he finds the one of her work desk. There are three on her desk, only two of which the titles are visible, one is a book on ancient chinese artifacts, one is a copy of a chinese romance novel, the last is open, hiding the title from site, and none of the words on the page are legible in the photograph. Sherlock determine in half a second that that's the book they need, but with nothing more to go on, and Soo Lin’s things likely already long cleared from the desk, they're left with matching books from both men's collections and flipping through the pages.
“What is it? Quickly, where?” Sherlock insiste, unaware of Lestrade’s - and everyone’s- eyes fixed on them.
But he still hadn't almost dead any time in the recent past, the incident with the cabbie notwithstanding. He'd suffered a lecture that night for that for his trouble, but the honor, if one could call it that, of nearly dieing on the other most recently still belonged undoubtedly to John.
“Shut up, everybody, shut up! Don't move, don't speak, don't breathe. I'm trying to think. Anderson, face the other way. You're putting me off.”
clever like you John, yes!-" now he turned away from John to look at everyone else around the room. "She's cleverer than you lot and she's dead. Do you see, do you get it? She didn't lose her phone, she never lost it. She planted it on him. When she got out of the car, she knew that she was going to her death. She left the phone in order to lead us to her killer.”
“What are you doing!?” Came Sherlock’s voice. “I swear if you've woken up- John…” The last word came as a regretful sigh as Sherlock rounded the corner and spotted John standing there in the kitchen.
And because Sherlock said it just oh so casually, and because everyone was so busy wasting there time, no one noticed the odd little phrase slipped right in there like it belonged, or how John’s back went rigid as he called out “Alright, Sherlock,” after the quickly disappears man.
“Mrs Hudson!- Oh…” Sherlock shouted and then immediately forgot about the woman in the wake of his realization, still looking at John. “Ah! She
Once the living room was put back together, and their new office jampacked with crates, much to the displeasure of the men who'd carries most into the living already, Dimmock hands over a evidence bag full of photos from Soo Lin’s crime scene, which sherlock had requested, as John hadn't been there the night before, and then the boys are left to it.
When the couple get back to Baker Street, John makes no pretence of trying to stay wake, laying out on the couch where their duvet and pillows are still laying from a night before, and instructing Sherlock to wake him only when he's needed and not a moment before.
“Well that's further proof they work for the Black Lotus. But we already know that, so what are you thinking?” John asks
Well the middle of the night’s certainly a Hell of a time to think about it John, Sherlock chides silently to himself. Especially when you're the one that needs sleep to function during cases, you absolutely hypocrite.
“Hey, Watson!” RAZ’s smile turns into a wolfish grin. “Nice to see you've made it back! I’ve got two minutes before a Community Support Officer comes round that corner, you wanna take the fall for this one too mate?”
John trails off as he and Lestrade spot a cab parked on the curb. The both of them get out quickly, and even though they ought to have each taken one of the buildings when they find no one in the cab, in their panic they both enter the same one, running up the halls, slamming open every door in search of their missing friend.
The Homepage is simple, the title says “The Personal Blog of Sherlock Homes and John Watson” with a picture of a genuinely smiling John and a begrudgingly smiling Sherlock right next to him as the profile picture. There's a counter off to one side that flickers every now and again to indicate the number of people visiting the webpage. There's a photo gallery, and a list of the most popular posts as well. The Bio section is brief and says simply.
dating, but we hung out. His idea of hanging out though- he took me running around the city chasing someone down, just like this- I don't even remember what we doing, but it was the most fun I'd had in ages. So we hung out, sometimes with Clara and Harry, sometimes without. Most of the time I picked what we did, but I did love- Right, take a right, we're almost there.
“You- you're not allowed to have that, it's against the law! You just killed a man!” Lestrade shouts as John clicks the safety back on, and calmly tucks the gun back under his jumper.
Sherlock spends the entire trip to the store following John up and down the aisles with his nose in his phone reading through his and John's email inbox, the one publicly advertised for clients on their blogs. He's searching for something both interesting enough for himself, which is impossible because none of these people know how to rate their case, almost none deserve the high ratings they're given in the slightest, and with a well enough offer of payment to satisfy John. By the time John's filled the buggy full of all the grocery and lead Sherlock into a line- not the one for self-service Sherlock notes without bothering you look up- the consulting detective has completely given up on finding anything that wasn't completely dull, and he’s now looking thought the ones offering the most money, deciding which will be the least miserable to deal with.
“So, I gotta ask,” Greg says and he takes the turn, thanking God for the sirens on top of the car as he barely slows down for the turn. “How'd you and Sherlock end up- you know?”
Lestrade scrolls down here, and upon seeing that Sherlock apparently hacked his boyfriend’s account- as he admits to having figured out John's password in the comments, and then proceeds to explain the process right there in the comments- and written a freaking essay about himself, Lestrade elects not to read any of it. The next five posts are titled
Sherlock has to pocket his mobile temporarily while he and John carry a copious number of bags on each of their arms out to the street. Sherlock suspects John did twice as much shopping as usually since he had Sherlock along to share the burden, and wait for a cab. Once they're in the cab, bags set carefully at their feet and between them, and in their laps so nothing breaks or gets squished- and God how tedious can this get- Sherlock pulls his phone back out and sees he has an email from an old acquaintance in his personal inbox.
After Sherlock's had a look at the wall, the security footage, and the layout of the trading floor, Sebastian tries to hand him a cheque. Sherlock waves him off as he turns to head back towards the trading floor. “I don't need incentive,” he says, despite the incentive of money being one of the reasons he came. “And John handles our money, give it to him.”
The problem was, ultimately, that John found it funny and almost cute now, that Sherlock could say those things on accident, and never understand what he did, and it was setting a terrible precedent for their future. Before now, any time John was starting to get frustrated with Sherlock’s lack of concern for anyone else, he'd been able to tell himself it didn't matter because he'd be leaving eventually, he'd had an out, and he'd bottle up his frustration until they'd get in a shouting match, and then they'd sort it out. Or if it was nearing the end of John's stay Sherlock would take him on one of his farewell cases, and drive him to the base the next day, and kiss him goodbye, and John would wish he could stay. Either way he'd always been about to tell himself if it wasn't working out it didn't have a be permanent, which was stupid thinking about it now, because it had always been so completely permanent.
“Hmm. So you're really not planning on leaving me anytime soon?” The humour in John's voice puzzles Sherlock. “Because joint bank account are usually what married couples do. Are you proposing, Love?”
“So of course, I'm stunned, and I say ‘that was amazing.’ He says ‘really?’, I say ‘yeah, extraordinary,
“Because I had a row, in the shop, with a chip-and-PIN machine.” John answers at the same times Sherlock's brain is coming to the conclusion that John's bad mood stems from his lack of ability to have gotten the shopping, which could have been for a number of reason, but is most likely do to his card being declined, as his blogger has yet to get a job since overcoming a majority of his depression these last few months. But more importantly...
“John, come back here, I need to think," Sherlock said, pulling John back infront of him, holding him still by his arms.
talk completely intended abuse at you until you claim I was the clever one?" John said, somewhere between serious and teasing. God what a weird relationship they must have, Lestrade thought.
Sherlock repressed the urge to correct John as he remembers the work out he'd gotten this morning, and he shuts his book and stands in defiance of John's accusations, as if to say ‘there I've moved, you've nothing against me now’. Then he realises, as he stands and his foot bumps it, that the assassin sword is still under his chair, and how did he miss that!? Disguising his kick of the sword farther under the chair as him taking a step, he walks into the kitchen.
“No, I only came up with it in the bank. It seemed the logical choice,” Sherlock answers honestly. It didn't need thinking about. Once the idea was there, all the reasons why it was a good idea had easily followed.
But John would still see it that way, obviously, and Sherlock had meant everything he said, just not that way at that time. He wasn't going to leave John, and because of how long they'd been together and everything they'd already worked through, he was confident enough in himself to know John wasn't going to leave him. And he did consider the way the expressed their love to be much more impactful than just saying it.
But not all of it, and after another half hour of not falling asleep- and it's probably approaching two am by now- he just sits up. Then, instead of calling Sherlock into the bedroom, because he both doubts his boyfriend is aware of his surroundings enough to hear, and because he just needs to move, he pulls the duvet off himself. He pulls the shrinker sock off of the remainder of his right leg, replaces it with the liner for the socket of his prosthetic and then puts it on. And all so he can haul the heavy duvet and both pillows out into the living room where Sherlock sits, still unmoved from his place on the couch scrolling rapidly down something he couldn't possibly be reading. Sherlock’s curled up to one side though, and that leaves plenty of room for John to prop the pillows against the other side, and sit down in order to remove the prosthetic once again.
“I’ll explain in the morning. It doesn't matter now.” Sherlock answers back, and John, though he knows something's happened, is content enough with that to drifts back to sleep.
Sherlock looks down at the books he's already pulled out, then to John, and the both say together “Upstairs.”
“So anyway, he "does the thing" on Clara, which amount to a half a minute of half-veiled insult. And then he does it one me with surprisingly less venom. He could tell I'd been on leave, that I wasn't sleeping well, that I'd dressed in a hurry, you know what he does. Take a left, I know where we're going now.
The shorter man said. “Sherlock’s clean, you know he is! You're just here for the pink case. He left it in the living room, so take it and get out.”
“‘Cause you're busy and would have ignored me. I'm not putting my leg back on so unless you wanna carry me, shut up and get back to work,” John ends the discussion with that, smiling at Sherlock’s accidental concern, closing his eyes a burrowing deeper into the duvet.
John told himself resolutely, and pulled open the medicine cabinet, placing the unused suppressants back on the shelf, he shut it with a dulled click.
Sherlock stared on, remaining still, though John saw when Sherlock’s lips thinned in an expression of irritation and his eyes hardened. The alpha was turning to stone, building up walls, shielding himself from the sentiment loaded in that one question and its answer — if he chose to give it.
"What would you have me tell John?" Mycroft knew that Sherlock would be unable to say his goodbye this time.
He would beg if it meant Sherlock would keep their pups. He loved them already, because they were his and Sherlock's. They were family and he'd been lacking a family for a long time. He had Harry, but that was different. He loved her and he would always take care of her, but he'd always wanted children. He'd always wanted a mate that loved him. Someone who he could spend his life with, grow old with. Someone kind and loving, who would bless him with a family. Children they could raise together, watch them grow and learn. If he could just have children, then that was more than enough, because it just tied himself closer to his mate.
“If I asked you to kneel before me in front of your family, strangers… would you?” John’s lips pursed, already knowing the answer. The alpha was a liar.
Sherlock's cell phone chimed again. This time it was from an unmarked sender, bearing the address of a unknown location.
Some alphas took the responsibility of family so strongly, that because they'd already acknowledged their spouse as kin, they couldn't disown their obligations. Those poor omegas more than the others were forced to then share their alpha with another. Some of those alphas didn't engage in physical intimacy with their spouse, respecting their true mate, but that didn't change the fact that the omegas would live in a home with the first and - God forbid - children from the first before the omega mated with their alpha.
. Bugger me up, John. Want your sperm, cock fuck me good. Breed me till I'm spilling your spunk." Sherlock whimpered like the bitch in heat he was. John shuddered under him. The vulgarity of Sherlock's words...
John hated how his eyes stung and he was ready to leave, ready to punch Sherlock in the face if he tried to stop him when Sherlock spoke again.
Once he returned to 221B, John shucked his bags at his sides and locked the door before weakly making his way to… to the room that smelled the most… the most like…
Sherlock clasped his hands together over his knees and stared at them as he listened to his brother proceed to make arrangements. This was the right decision for him. He needed to start over. He'd be giving up so much though.
“I am calm!” Sherlock sniped; spinning around to glare down at John, but immediately after, Sherlock was rushing to his side guiltily and taking hold of his hand.
“Beautiful Sherlock, look so young, want to breed you, fill you with my pups. Be so beautiful pregnant,
Gagging with the beginnings of it all, Sherlock sat straighter and aimed. As he chucked out the remaining contents of his dinner from Angelo's, John moved to kneel at his side, and lovingly pushed back the bangs that covered his eyes.
“What are you typing?” Sherlock inquired of John who was typing quietly on his laptop, writing his blog while Sherlock drank from his cup of coffee and flipped through the papers of the newspaper.
Harry scenting the anger growing in John and in turn Sherlock broke the tension with a question of his own. “Will you take the case?”
The room once cool now felt boiling hot, humid, heavily laced in his pheromones, Sherlock’s scent completely absence, drowned out by his own. Scorching clammy wetness soaked his pants and sweats. John could hardly do much in the fog of heat.
John whined brokenly, allowing his mother to wipe his tears away and took deep breaths to calm himself enough to nod his head in understanding.
John wordlessly entered the kitchen and started preparing them a late breakfast, though he expected Sherlock to refuse the meal. After he’d finished making biscuits and gravy, wirh a side of fruit salad, he set up the table and let Sherlock know breakfast was ready.
“Take me to the hospital.” Mycroft instructed his men, sight blurring from blood loss. Collapsing back onto his desk chair everything faded to darkness.
John pitied this older omega. He could understand Mycroft’s insistency to have this omega bond quickly. An omega of that age… It would be near impossible to have them bonded with a worthy suitor. Most alphas were vain and liked taking young omegas as bond mates. The best chance this omega had was to mate with an alpha that had more than one omega bond mate. John had seen many alpha’s in the middle east demonstrate such practices, these alphas had large harems of omegas and it had disgusted him. John had seen the pain, the hurt, and betrayal they’d felt when their alpha showed interest to another omega.
John swallowed hard. He wasn’t sure what to expect from Sherlock - as always, his expression was impossible to read. Would he be angry? Find it weird? Ignore it altogether?
“Because it doesn’t make sense, Sherlock!” he snapped. “The cocktails, the compliments, the kiss. It’s not
John fought a snicker as he handed him the bottle. “Cocktails. Right. Thirty minutes ago you were sulking on your chair, refusing to eat, and now you’re making cocktails.”
It wasn’t a lie. He’d been through a lot in life and he prided himself on his resilience, but something about that memory still managed to shake him to the very core. He still had nightmares about it, two years later. He’d go to sleep and suddenly he’d be there, on the ground, watching helplessly as his best friend took his own life. Sherlock’s return had helped a little. He’d wake up breathless and covered in sweat, with a sore throat as if he’d been screaming, and he would go downstairs and open Sherlock’s door a crack, just enough to see that he was alive and well.
John couldn’t think of an answer, so he simply stood under the kitchen doorframe and watched as his sociopathic flatmate frantically tinkered with the limes in an effort to prepare two gin and tonics. Once he was done, a few minutes later, the detective topped them with two straws and gracefully placed them on the coffee table. Then he turned towards John with a proud look on his face.
CW/TW: this chapter contains mentions of PTSD, suicide and drug addiction (more specifically drug overdose)
Though thinking back on that cab ride himself, Sherlock remembers John’s joke about a marriage proposal. Sherlock supposes his totally logical reply, when viewed by such a romantic as John was, could have been construed as romantic itself, if he'd meant it that way. But he's sure John knows he didn't.
“You said earlier that the victims all took the poison themselves, that he makes them take it.” John said, coming to stand by Sherlock. “Well, maybe he... I don't know, talks to them? Maybe he used the death of her daughter somehow.”
The first post, when Lestrade finds it far to the bottom of John's posts, is from several years ago. It's titled
“Dull? How is what you do for excitement, dull?!” When Sherlock doesn't answer he goes on. “Well if you're not doing anything, you can accompany me to the store, C’mon.” John stands, headed for it stairs. Sherlock raises to follow without protest, because he's learning when to pick his battles, more or less, and this is not the time.
They established that Rachel was Jennifer Wilson stillborn daughter, and Anderson got in a few derogatory quips accusing Sherlock of being a murderer, a psychopath, and sociopath respectively while John was getting dressed. Sherlock was just insisting that it was more than just thinking about her daughter Jennifer Wilson was doing when she died, when John re-emerged, now wearing jeans, boots, a comfortable looking jumper, and his leather jacket. Only Sherlock noticed the gun tucked away at his side, and that paired with him wearing his jacket, meant John was prepared to go
“Christ,” says Lestrade taking a step towards the door, but deciding against it in favor of being able to see Sherlock through the window right now. “What are we gonna do, back-ups on their way, but they might not make in it time.”
Sherlock talks with RAZ for another minute, impressing upon him the gravity of the situation and just managing to get him to agree to keep an eye out when the officers RAZ had mentioned earlier rounded the corner, sending the three of them scattering. The cops chase them for quite a ways, one splitting off to chase RAZ, and one continuing to chase Sherlock and John. The officer gives a good effort too, chasing the detective and his soldier for three blocks before they lose him by ducking around a corner and into and busy little cafe. John tries to insist they stop for and while and have lunch at the cafe once they're sure the officer isn't going to come back around, but Sherlock insists much more convincingly that they're too busy before pulling John out the door.
In the morning Sherlock explains, while John eats breakfast and Sherlock searches through a slew of online auctions, the events of the night before, which had taken place after John had fallen asleep. Sherlock had spent a few hours pacing the living room trying to figure out the cypher before coming to the unfortunate conclusion that he would need Soo Lin Yao, who'd been threatened with the cypher and gone into hiding, was the only chance of deciphering the cypher in anything resembling a timely manner. He says he'd debated waking John but decided against it due to the long day and the late hour, and the assumption that nothing of note would happen at the museum. He apologies to John of course, when the soldier tells him off- with no real force behind the words- that he should have woken him up anyway, he really doesn't appreciate being left behind so constantly on this case.
Sherlock pulls out his phone from his coat pocket and now hands it to RAZ when the artist turns around. RAZ makes to toss one of the spray cans at John first, but stops short when he sees John’s crossed arms and equally cross expression. He huffs a laugh, and drops bother spray cans into his bag. RAZ takes Sherlock’s phone and scrolls through the pictures of the yellow ciphers from Sir William's office and the library.
“Anyway, we texted her phone earlier from mine, and he called us back.” John said, standing from the chair.
“Well, I knew you'd find the case. I'm not stupid,” he said calmly, knowing he did have the upper hand, seeing as the pink case
“It narrows it down from just anyone in London!” Sherlock went on ignoring his… boyfriend- whatever, didn't matter in that moment. Focus Lestrade! “It's the first proper lead that we've had!”
“Well, on behalf of the British Government, I can assure you, you didn't see anything. You came up here alone 'cause you made me wait in the car. You heard the gunshot and came up here, but the room was empty by the time you got here. Now I'm going to go, I wasn't here.” Then John starts to run, and Lestrade vaguely registers that he's no longer limping.
Immediately Sherlock turned to the other man, John, and came to stand very close to him, looking more apologetic and worried then Lestrade had ever seen- if he'd ever seen the man look such a way at all. “John, I swear to you I am
“Wha- I- No!” Sherlock stammers in horror, then gathers himself and says, “Marriage is nothing more than words on paper, and vows to do this or that for the commitment of the relationship, whereas you and I have already, time and again, proven with actions that we intend to make this relationship work, which is much more meaningful on my opinion. I simply think a single bank account would be a better solution than you or I having to constantly figure out who has the money during any given week.”
“What are you doing?” Sherlock asks without looking away from his laptop, which is precariously balanced on the top of his knees.
They go home for the night instead. They spend the evening sitting together on a couch, Sherlock researching every kind of code he can find, looking for the symbols on the wall, and John half heartedly looking up local surgeries in need of a doctor. When he gets hungry, John makes dinner. He sets a plate near Sherlock, who hasn't moved for hours now, without expecting him to actually eat any of it, and goes to bed by himself when he gets tired. John tries to sleep. He curls the whole duvet around himself, a rare luxury, pulls Sherlock’s pillow under his head along with his own, and he couldn't be more comfortable, but he's had a busy day and his thoughts won't settle. Giving up trying to ignore his thought after a while, John moves on to sorting them out.
John said nothing, directing his stare to the table; he mulishly sipped at his water, refraining from speaking
“Stay.” Sherlock rasped, voice raw from sex and all John wanted to do was crawl back into Sherlock’s bed, to stake his claim. Claim Sherlock as his…
"You just wait." With that Victor stormed towards the door. Sherlock stepped to the side and watched cautiously as the distressed omega passed by and ran down the stairs and out to the cold night.
What are you doing here?" Sherlock cried out and John struggled to open his eyes, never having realized he'd shut them.
“I told you.” Sherlock leaned close, pressing his nose against John’s temple and scenting him amorously. “I told you so clearly how I’ve loved you.”
"My mother grew ill two years ago. I was always away on tour and then I was told by my father that my mother was dying. I came back to be with her in her last moments. She told me then that she'd found me a strong beta who she thought was perfect for me. My wife... Mary. Her mother and my mother grew up together and were the best of friends. My mother was always fond of Mary. She got it in her head that I'd be happy married with her."
Sherlock hissed excitedly and yet John was unable to register it as he withered upon the mattress, Sherlock fucking him through it, through coming, pounding in,
As Sherlock sat himself in the cab, heading back home where his alpha was sure to be losing his mind with worry, he knew what he could and could not do. Sherlock could endure nine bloody horrible months carrying John's litter, if it meant that John's depression faded, he gained ultimate joy, and
John’s pelvis smacked the globes of Sherlock’s damp ass, sloppy-wet sounds of slick and the clapping of flesh causing Sherlock’s sensitive senses to become all the more muddled. Soft groans and moans filled the room; an alpha answering an omega’s soft pitiful whines.
Sherlock knew it. This one was dangerous. A physically violent alpha that he should refrain from angering further, but Sherlock didn't heed the warnings of his omega. To hell with his omega. The omega he'd attempted to appease - his omega needed John, begged for the alpha's affections, and he'd nearly given to his instincts. He'd nearly allowed himself to foolishly give way to trust. He'd been so close to letting go of the past and trying to start a new life together.
John watched as Mycroft rounded the desk, seating himself in his chair and motioned that John sit in one of the two chairs facing him from across the desk. Releasing a heavy breath, John ambled sluggishly towards the awaiting mediator and collapsed down in his seat, weighed down by the stress of everything.
Sherlock pursed his lips unimpressed when the alpha snarled a feral cry. John might be impressive for an alpha submissive, but he wasn’t different from any other alpha. They were all animalistic in their mating and though he’d never feel it, Sherlock knew John would be so if they ever spent a heat together.
Another thing that bothered Sherlock was how his mind felt unsettled as if something was off—missing. Something was missing and Sherlock couldn’t figure out what it was. It was as if it were over the horizon, just needing a bit more time to make its presence known. Something needed to happen to get him over the hill to overlook the truth set at an unachievable distance. What that was still remained unclear, but Sherlock wanted it. He desperately needed to find that truth, the one constantly nagging in the back of his mind wishing to be revealed but being locked away somewhere unknown.
Looking back after that day, try as he might, he couldn’t remember what he had said while he stood there, except for the last part. “Don’t be dead. Please. Just for me.”
“Leave it, it’s fine.” Carefully avoiding meeting those mesmerizing eyes, John grabbed his wet jumper and turned towards the door.
The silence in the room was punctured only by the soft beeping of her heart rate monitor. The trees beyond the window started to sway back and forth in the darkness, as if a storm was coming. John blinked, looking at them. He had been in the hospital so long that he had forgotten whether it was day or night. He had no idea how long they stayed that way, not speaking, but it felt like a long time, suspended in time as his entire life had been for more than a year.
“Even if she didn’t die of drowning, that doesn’t rule out suicide,” Lestrade said, apparently trying to get the conversation back on track.
John stared at the piece of paper in his hands. It was a particularly brilliant shade of blue, like the summer ocean under a sunny sky.
The shorter man from the alley was standing at the front of the class. He was garbed in a light grey suit with a red pocket square, and his dark eyes were focused on John. He was smiling, but something about that smile made John cringe.
John clenched his left hand once, pressing his lips together. He was looking at the crane, but what he was seeing instead were Chi’s tiny hands around his one bigger one, and her dark, serious eyes looking up at him.
Sherlock licked his lips, but then, slowly, he nodded again. Unable to hold himself back for one more second John leaned in again, pressing his lips to Sherlock’s.
,” people always said. He said it to people all the time as a doctor. But it simply didn’t delineate the violence of the act, the selfishness of someone taking their own life. Nor did it encapsulate the ravaged wasteland of being the one left behind.
The flight attendant smiled, completely unaware of his inner tension. “Well I hope you two have some time to see the sights when you’re not working. My partner loves Boston, she’s from there. She could tell you its entire history, especially about the Revolution. Oh, and you’ll need to stow that,” she replied, nodding to his computer.
Sherlock was already running toward the edge of the roof, and John followed, wondering what he’d gotten himself into.
Sherlock sunk his teeth into his bottom lip, his gaze dipping to John’s mouth. “Maybe we can try that next. But not here.”
John was content to keep kissing Sherlock for hours, but Sherlock stopped suddenly, panting. John licked his lips, feeling giddy.
Thanks so much to Katie, who is a beautiful tropical fish, and Leslie, who is a poetic, noble land mermaid.
“Sorry?” John said, sitting up straighter in his chair as the entire class tittered amusedly. The professor must have made more than one attempt to get his attention.
John pressed his lips to Sherlock’s forehead, briefly. “Well that,” he said softly, “you will always have.”
“Bored?” John snorted. “I’m the farthest thing from being bored. I have so much to do I can’t sleep for more than a few hours a night—”
He’d never told anyone, not even Harry, that he was bisexual. In his teens he’d had a few fumbling encounters with his mate Pete from his rugby team, but by tacit agreement, both of them had kept it a secret. John hadn’t been sure whether it was just a phase (it wasn’t) and because Pete had been dating the most beautiful girl in the school (officially, anyway), John had never really thought about trying to test the waters thoroughly in that area, mostly because he knew exactly how his family would react. When Harry came out as gay around the time she had dropped out of uni, he’d become the golden child: the one who would be a barrister, then get married and provide grandchildren. There had always been plenty of girls, too, which had been…easier.
At first the kiss was close-lipped, but Sherlock tilted his head, leaning into it. There was a surprising click of teeth, but then John took control, licking into Sherlock’s mouth. He tasted of spices and wine, his lips lush and soft. Sherlock kissed him eagerly, as though he were out of practice (which he probably was), and with a hunger John shared on a visceral, primal level. He felt like he was hyperventilating, because waiting to kiss the love of your life for seven years was far too long.
“Yeah,” John said, finally, his mouth feeling so dry he tried to swallow twice. “Yeah, I did. Don’t you… don’t you know?”
John felt his eyebrows lift. That sounded exactly how a little girl would describe the atom bombs in World War II.
Sherlock grimaced. “Before you, there were only two others. Both times, when they were done, it was over. And they didn’t care about… you know.” He made a gesture with his hand.
Sitting on the bedside again, he grasped Sherlock by the shoulders and pulled him gently onto his back. Sherlock didn’t protest, but he did wince slightly as if his joints and muscles ached at the movement.
After waiting a few more seconds, Sherlock opened the door to the pool, striding out and crossing the deck quickly. He paused at the door to the locker room, listening, before pushing it inward.
He could hear Harry sigh, then she sat down next to him, crossing her arms and leaning them against her knees. “You can’t keep doing this to yourself, love,” she said. “Believe me, I know.”
John left the door open a crack—he didn’t much care to find the baby monitor right now—and pulled Sherlock toward the bed, kissing him as he went, feverish with want.
The man watched him for another long moment. “Very well.” He knocked his umbrella on the roof in three swift taps, and the car pulled over to the kerb.
John rested his elbows on his knees, folding his hands over his mouth and looking at Sherlock again. Sherlock basically had sacrificed everything for him, more than once, more than anyone would. Even without all the things he felt when they looked at each other…
“We should get some sleep, I want to check out the Red-Hatted League Office before we go to the game at seven,” Sherlock said.
A man in a hazmat suit who’d been eavesdropping slinked back over. “Open and shut, then. Her beau died, so she killed herself.”
The tall man walked over to loom over John in a manner that was probably supposed to be intimidating.
Sherlock nodded, looking back at the paper in front of him, resting his chin on his bent knee. The dust-moted winter sunlight filtered into the room, glinting off his dark hair, and he looked very young. The years that had been added to his face, the tiny crow’s feet and worry lines, seemed to melt away. John felt his heart squeeze, just a little, and he wished he had the nerve to walk over and brush his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, to massage his scalp.
He’d always loved watching Sherlock, ever since that first day, when he’d first been caught up in the whirling maelstrom of brilliance that was Sherlock’s mind. He’d wanted to push Sherlock up against the wall in that dingy room in Brixton and snog him senseless, despite the dead body only feet away on the dusty floor.
be a doctor. You have the temperament, the mind of a healer. If you need evidence, look no further than your actions today.”
“John.” Sherlock couldn’t seem to find words, any words, to fill an entire sentence because nothing was going through his head anymore other than
John inhaled sharply. Sherlock was so close, his eyes shining in the half light. John wanted to taste him, to feel him, hold him until they both fell asleep, until they grew old.
Sherlock arched again, moaning, trying to stay still but unable to manage it. At the same time, his brain was spinning, unable to process everything. He was with John, they were so much more than they had been before... but they still hadn’t talked about what they were, what they would be. What did John want? Did he just want to have sex? Did he want… everything else? Sherlock could almost feel his body fighting to get to orgasm, but at the same time, his brain didn’t want to shut off.
John felt himself crumple a little, but only for a second, because Sherlock cupped his face with both hands and leaned in to sip from John’s mouth with infinite tenderness, the gesture so intimate that John’s heart fissured into a thousand pieces.
This time though, the dream had been particularly vivid and real. He could almost feel the beat of Sherlock’s heart, almost hear the whispered nothings and sighs of pleasure in the dark. It was like a piece of silk slipping through his fingers, ethereal yet tangible.
“Possibly, or—” Sherlock stopped short. They had walked almost all the way to a bridge downstream from the crime scene, and he was looking at a cluster of logs stuck in place in the middle of the slow-moving murky water. “Given the timing of the tide at the time of death, and the rain yesterday, that must be it.”
John’s eyes had adjusted to the dark enough that he could see Sherlock’s wide eyes, his hair tumbling over his forehead.
Sherlock nodded. John kissed him briefly once more, mostly just because he could. He got up, walking to the ensuite bathroom and washing himself off. He brought a wet cloth back to the bedroom, giving it to Sherlock, who wiped himself off as well. John pulled the covers down, and they both got under them. Sherlock burrowed up against John, his head tucked into John’s neck.
John helped Sherlock over to the bed, taking off his coat, then his shoes. “Th-this is un-n-necessary,” Sherlock said, shivering even more.
“Arms up,” he said, peeling Sherlock’s clammy sleeping shirt up off his chest. Sherlock tried to sit up, swaying slightly, and held up his arms high enough that John could pull the shirt off and throw it in the hamper.
John’s stomach dropped out. He had suspected it, he’d known it, even, deep down--but he hadn’t really let himself fully grasp it. They hadn’t talked about that day, not really, because
Lestrade rubbed his hand over the back of his neck. “I don’t know, something about this just twigged my brain. After the Powers kid… it could just be a coincidence, I suppose.”
“Mr. Hatayama,” John said, trying to keep the crushing, albeit ridiculous, disappointment from entering his expression. “Please, please come in,” John said, standing back to let him in.
He slid his arms around Sherlock’s waist, and Sherlock tilted his head down until their lips met again.
He took John to Angelo’s, and they were led to their normal table. After the waiter took their wine order and left, Sherlock pretended to look at his menu, but he really took the opportunity to sneak a glance at John.
“You seemed to be pretty good at it last night,” John said, cracking a smile. “In fact, I seem to remember us both coming in our pants, not all the way in the door. I haven’t done that since I was a teenager.”
“I…” Sherlock couldn’t seem to form any coherent sentences at this point, his entire world narrowing down to John’s hand, to his voice.
Sherlock sighed, dropping his phone and ruffling his hair. “Our client, Wilson, is one of the section ticket takers for the Red Sox, but he needed some extra income to care for his sick wife. At the hot dog vendor’s urging, he applied for and was employed by the Red Sox Red-Hatted League to ‘keep score’ for two innings every game, the fourth and eighth. After several months they mysteriously disappeared and haven’t paid him for the last several games.”
Instead of trying to keep Sherlock awake, as that appeared to be a lost cause, John decided to wake him up every twenty or thirty minutes. It wasn’t exactly easy work, but Sherlock would make some kind of sarcastic remark each time, so at least his brain function was close to normal.
John clenched his fist. “For your information, I worked really, really hard to get into UCL. I’m not going to give it up now.”
“Right, I just...I need a moment to, um, figure out what I’m going to do.” Sherlock turned, walking away from the camera.
After a moment, John realized that Sherlock was truly worried about not living up to John’s expectations. The notion that Sherlock could be anything other than exactly what John wanted was so ridiculous that John felt the last of his own reservations melting away, and affection bloomed in his chest anew.
John stopped in his tracks, looking over at the car, which rolled to a stop. A pair of sharp, almost threatening eyes were trained on him over the half-raised window.
Sherlock went to the front desk to check them in while John dealt with the bags, giving them to the bellboy. Keys in hand a few minutes later, Sherlock led him over to the elevators, once again seeming more… ebullient than usual.
John lowered his fist slowly, his anger just starting to dissipate. The fact that Sherlock was beneath him, solid, real, actually
He’d thought about running after him immediately, but who left their own wedding to chase after the best man?
? After everything that’s happened?” Sherlock’s lower lip wobbled minutely. “This isn’t going to be easy.”
“I love you, Sherlock,” he said again, very deliberately, just to get rid of any lingering ambiguity.
John leaned in, pausing, letting Sherlock move back if he wanted, but...Sherlock’s fingers dug harder into John’s chest, as if to urge him on. John’s heart in his throat, he leaned in just a bit more.
John smiled, stroking him as he asked, and kissed him deeply, with purpose, the way he imagined he’d kiss him every day for the rest of their lives.
“Ken,” John said. “I know that the story meant a lot to you both, and that Chi really believed that the cranes could save her. I just… I don’t believe in this stuff. I don’t know why I was doing it in the first place. The reason I was folding them—the person I was—he died. He’s gone. There’s no way folding some pieces of paper could change that.”
Sherlock didn’t turn around. “I just do. Just as I know countless other things about you— so many things that I had to add another room in my mind palace to contain them all.”
Yet, he couldn’t help thinking about Sherlock inadvertently standing under the mistletoe. John imagined catching him, sliding his hands around his hips, maybe kissing him briefly. Maybe Sherlock would take it as a joke, maybe it would mean nothing to him, but if John was able to kiss him, just once…to feel his lips, his breath, his tongue, the silk of his shirt under John’s fingertips…
John stared at the hand for a moment, then unclenched his fist and shook it. He wasn’t entirely sure why he was shaking the hand of someone who was quite possibly unhinged.
Sherlock rolled over and pressed himself into John, tucking his head into John’s neck. John trailed his fingertips down Sherlock's back, letting his eyes drift closed.
.” John’s gaze snapped up to meet the professor’s. She was looking at him above her horn-rimmed glasses, obviously piqued.
He’d seen Sherlock’s body before, of course, but it was nothing like this. This time, he was allowed to look as long as he wanted, to let the lust show through in his expression, unguarded.
John stared at him for a long moment, and Sherlock stared back, and John couldn’t quite fathom that Sherlock had actually said those words to him, but then…then it hit him.
of felony-murder. Quite thrilling. Ta,” Moriarty said, grabbing his briefcase and, with one last smile, left the room.
A sort of calm fell over him when it rained; the sound of raindrops plopping on vinyl umbrellas, the whooshing of black taxis’ wheels through potholes full of water. People scurrying toward shelter, holding newspapers over their heads.
It was almost noon on a crisp fall day, but Sherlock still hadn’t emerged from his room. Sherlock had never been fond of lie-ins, so John decided to take advantage of the rare silence. He took out his laptop and created a blog entry for a case they had finished weeks ago but he hadn’t had time to write up yet.
And then, John smiled again, and Sherlock was gasping and arching into every single thrust. He wasn’t thinking about anything other than that look in John’s eyes, the desire, the…
“Sh—Sher—” he tried to say, but Sherlock was doing some extremely clever things with his tongue and it was hard to get a coherent thought together.
Sherlock took the opportunity to catch John’s earlobe between his teeth, worrying it a little, which went straight to John’s cock.
And then he got his hand on Sherlock’s cock, finally, feeling the silky skin and teasing the head with his thumb. Sherlock moaned, his eyes fluttering closed, and John chased the sound with a kiss, continuing to stroke him firmly, slowly.
Sherlock’s face was still full of anxiety, so John pushed himself up and stood, holding out his hand.
For Sherlock’s entire life, he’d felt like there was something missing, some kind of emptiness that he had searched to fill; first through the drugs, then through cases, but it had never really been enough. It had been a stopgap measure. But now with John here—John in his arms, in his life, filling him with his body and his mind and everything else… for the first time he could remember, Sherlock felt completely, utterly,
“Oh, lovely!” Mrs. Hudson said warmly, putting down the tray on the kitchen counter and shaking John’s hand. “You seem like a very nice young man.”
“No, no, I just, don’t want to come that way, not the first time.” Sherlock relaxed visibly, and John pulled him up to kiss him, tasting his own precome on Sherlock’s lips, dizzy with want.
“Night, dears,” Mrs. Hudson said, closing the door behind herself. John glanced at Sherlock, but he didn’t move or look up.
“An arch enemy, according to him. How many enemies do you have, exactly? Not including the blokes from the alley?”
Mrs. Hudson cocked her head, glancing over at Sherlock. He was fiddling with his violin, looking out the window.
Sherlock sighed again, as if John were being slow on purpose. “I don’t know if I’m doing it wrong. You’ve done all this before, I haven’t. You’ll have to tell me if I cock it up.”
Sherlock’s eyes were so vulnerable, a touch of fear. “Second thoughts?” he asked, in a tone that was certainly meant to be airy but didn’t quite reach it.
On a dreary, grey Thursday evening, John was walking down a somewhat-deserted street toward his flat. He hadn’t eaten anything in a day and a half, and he was contemplating whether he could afford a sandwich, when he heard a sound coming from the passage to his right. It was barely discernible over the noise of traffic, but it sounded very much like the distinct crunching noise a fist made against facial bones.
John tilted his head slightly to the side. “‘Red Sox Red-Hatted League’? Doesn’t exactly roll off the tongue, does it.”
John put his head in his hands, trying not to think about how massively he had fucked everything up. Sherlock could have died, and it would have been his fault. He would have ruined both their lives.
There was nothing other than the sound of the running water, and neither of them looked away. John saw a world of pain in Sherlock’s eyes, pain he’d never let himself see before. It was the ghost of a thousand times he’d seen Sherlock look at him with Mary.
“W-what?” Sherlock gasped, feeling faint. Probably from the blood rushing from his brain to… other places.
Sherlock blinked his eyes open, looking down at Rosie, who was still eating her oatmeal with gusto, before he met John’s gaze. “Now, we live.”
John took the penlight out of his kit and held Sherlock’s eyelids back, one at a time, to flash the light into them. They were equal and reactive, though a bit more dilated and glassier than usual.
“Alright,” the man said, sending whatever it was he’d been typing. He glanced up, and their eyes met briefly before sharp greyish-green irises flicked over John’s whole body as his lips quirked upward on one side into a smug-looking half-grin.
John dropped his hand to the comforter. “One?” His voice had reached a higher decibel than it ever had before.
“Okay, okay, get a room,” John called out good-naturedly, pouring himself some more scotch. He glanced at Sherlock, who was watching them with a slightly peeved expression.
Sherlock just moved faster, eyes boring into John, and John came, shouting Sherlock’s name, clenching his fist in his hair.
“Don’t talk about him,” John said through his teeth. “I mean it.” He turned to leave the room again.
The flight attendant returned with his drink, touching his arm and asking him a few questions, but she soon left again once it became clear that John was not going to flirt back.
The echoing footsteps faded away, and the door opened and closed once more. Then there was only silence.
One of the pair scoffed aloud. “Later. Just retrieve the trainers so that we can get out of here. The janitorial staff could be coming through soon. Where are they?”
“Oh, thank you, John, I need a couple more things,” she said, grabbing a pad and scribbling a few items down. “Here,” she said, handing it to him with a wink.
John shook his head. Sherlock would definitely not be interested in someone like him. He was obviously rich and seemed abnormally intelligent, and he probably only dated blokes who could afford cashmere jumpers and said things like “obstreperous” without any irony. And there was no way he could handle being flatmates with Sherlock; it would be extremely transparent that John was attracted to him and that would just be embarrassing.
“Hold on,” John said, sitting up, still a bit dizzy, placing a palm on Sherlock’s chest. “I want to see you.”
Sherlock threw his head back, rocking harder into Johns thrusts, holding onto the headboard with one hand for more stability and John could tell he was close. He leaned down to suck at Sherlock’s throat, and Sherlock cried out, his cock hardened even further as he came over his stomach. John swallowed his cries with a hard kiss, thrusting harder, holding him through it.
Making a sound of encouragement, John pulled him closer, nipping Sherlock’s bottom lip as he trailed his hand down Sherlock’s sternum. Sherlock threw his leg over John’s hip, and John groaned, sliding his hand down Sherlock’s stomach, pushing Sherlock’s pyjama bottoms down to free his cock.
“Come for me, c’mon,” John panted, reaching down to stroke Sherlock’s cock in time with his thrusts.
Before Sherlock could make a no-doubt scathing remark, a man in his early thirties with kind eyes strode up to them. “Sherlock,” the new arrival said, taking Sherlock’s hand and shaking it. “Thanks for coming.”
John traced along Sherlock’s jaw, trailing his fingers down his throat to Sherlock’s torso, and started to stroke him harder.
Sherlock started to play a more jaunty tune, and everyone refilled their glasses. Eventually, about an hour later, the evening was coming to a close.
John walked until it was dark, and eventually found himself at St. Bart’s. He stood in the spot where he’d stood when Sherlock had jumped, when he’d last heard Sherlock’s voice in real life.
Sherlock smiled, despite the chattering of his teeth, as he cleaned off some of the river mud and gunk from the top of the case. “It’s
“It’s alright,” John said softly, reaching over to stroke Sherlock’s hair. “You don’t have to explain.”
,” Sherlock repeated. He opened the cupboard, which had obviously been sorted through already. “Blast,” he muttered.
He glanced at Sherlock again, despite trying not to. Sherlock was the person who anchored him to life, the person who had saved him in ten thousand different ways. Sherlock had to know how he felt by now, didn’t he? He was the most observant person on the planet, he must know that John’s love for him had gone far beyond the platonic and was well into the romantic.
“And would you like anything else at the moment?” the attendant asked, her eyes flicking downward flirtatiously.
“That’s not possible,” John said earnestly. “I’m pretty sure you wouldn’t even have to touch me and I’d come at this point.”
John sighed in exasperation, following him at a trot. Sherlock had already swept around the corner and out of the locker room, so John pushed the swinging door inward, following him into the pool.
“It’s just… you’re the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen, you know that?” John’s gaze flicked down Sherlock’s body appreciatively.
Trying to appear more confident than he felt, John slid forward. “C’mere, it’s pointless if we’re not touching.” He pulled Sherlock toward him until they were pressed together, chest to chest.
“Of course, of course love, if that’s what you want.” John leaned in to kiss each of his eyes, a motion so tender that Sherlock almost couldn’t stand it.
He peered into each of Sherlock’s eyes, trying to see if his pupils were normal. “I’m going to ask you some questions to see if you have a head injury. Who is the prime minister?”
John sighed, putting his tea down and sliding back down to rest his head on his pillow. “I accept your apology, Sherlock.”
The stranger held out a gloved hand. “Sherlock Holmes. I study chemistry, though possibly not for long.”
After they’d realized they were pregnant, John had...well. He’d gotten a bit distracted. But then after a dance or two, he’d looked around, and in an instant he’d realized that Sherlock was no longer there. The look in Sherlock’s eyes had been one of such visceral pain, that he’d known deep down what Sherlock had gone off to do.
“No, you don’t need to study Property,” Sherlock cut him off, hailing a taxi with his free hand. “It’s another apparent drowning, but we both know that’s completely ridiculous,” he said as he opened the door for John.
John licked his lips. “I always figured I’d be the one saying that to you, if...this...ever happened.”
Sherlock felt his orgasm cresting, and he tilted his hips up even more with John’s every movement, trying to get more of John, even though there was no more to be had.
Sherlock looked distraught and frustrated, and somehow even more beautiful than he’d ever seemed before—pale cheeks flushed, hair windblown from running. Watching him, John felt lightheaded, but more exhilarated than he’d felt in ages.
He opened his eyes again, and John was bottoming out on Sherlock’s cock, pulling and twisting with one hand at the base, his blue eyes searing into Sherlock’s gaze. But Sherlock still couldn’t let go.
John listened to the lecture with half an ear, his phone burning a hole in his pocket. Sherlock had been searching for this man for weeks, unable to find a trace of him, and here he was, discussing the
“Getting there,” Sherlock said quietly. “How is it that you keep having to bring me to bed under less than ideal circumstances?” he asked, his breath unfurling against John’s skin.
“That’s it, you’re so amazing, god,” John said, starting to pick up the pace. He pressed forward until Sherlock was practically bent in half, kissing him deeply as he drove his cock inward, again and again.
She had oxygen tubes in her nose, but she seemed to be sitting up without too much aid, and she had a canteen tray on her lap, but no food. Instead, there were several brightly colored pieces of paper in front of her, as well as several carefully folded cranes.
His lips twitching slightly in amusement, Sherlock reached out and took John’s cock by the base, stroking up it a few times. He leaned in to kiss the head, then enveloped it with his lips, sucking lightly a few times as he continued moving his hand.
When it was finally time to go to the game, they took the T to save their feet. They came up from Kenmore station to see droves of people in Red Sox paraphernalia all walking in the same direction.
Sherlock kissed him for a long time, then leaned his forehead against John’s. “I don’t know if I’m cut out for this,” he said.
Once Sherlock finally relaxed back into the bed, John lapped at his cock, swallowing the last of it, then crawled back up to the head of the bed and collapsed. Sherlock leaned over to kiss him vociferously, peppering kisses all over his face.
Mr. Hatayama sat down next to him just as the bartender was pouring the fourth glass, looking at John with a slightly wary look.
John stared at the text for a moment, his heart pounding. Before he could respond, another text popped up.
“There was once a girl who lived in Japan a long time ago. One day, something horrible came down from the sky. There was a brilliant flash of light, and in a single second many thousands of people were gone.”
“Why are you telling me this?” John felt his throat tighten. “Are you trying to make me feel guilty for being with Mary? Because the only reason I was with her—”
John sucked on Sherlock’s lower lip, palming his cock through his thin pajama pants, and Sherlock let out a little keening sound. John chuckled, sinking both hands into Sherlock’s hair, kissing him with abandon, and Sherlock kissed back, hard, rocking hard down onto John’s cock.
John just hummed, sucking harder, cupping his hips upward at the same time so that his clothed cock rubbed directly against Sherlock’s. Sherlock’s cock was already unbelievably hard, and feeling John’s arousal against his own, even through several layers of clothing, was overwhelming.
“Just checking,” John said, kissing down Sherlock’s neck again, and starting to suck over Sherlock’s pulse point,
During the first months after Sherlock had jumped, everyone kept asking him how he felt. They asked him if they could do anything for him, watching him with a mixture of pity and awkwardness.
Sherlock took the blow hard, falling onto his back, and John knelt, grabbing him by the collar. He was about to sock him again, but for some reason he paused when he saw Sherlock’s expression of calm serenity.
Sherlock watched the snowflakes fluttering down, the blissful silence of a winter’s day interrupted only by the sound of John breathing. He didn’t shy away from any of it. The only thing he felt was an overwhelming sense of contentment.
John lay there for a long time, not quite sleeping, just listening to Sherlock breathe evenly and deeply. After a while Sherlock dropped off to sleep, and his body temperature rose almost back to normal. Instead of rolling away from him as he should have done, though, John settled further into Sherlock’s embrace.
Afterward, he walked down the familiar hallway toward the main wing, and he passed by what was once her room, willing himself not to look inside. A few steps after he passed the threshold, he stopped, closing his eyes and clenching his left fist.
John had no idea what Sherlock was looking for in terms of the case, so he let himself just enjoy the taste of the beer, the feeling of the early fall breeze, and the slow cadence of the game. It was oddly soothing, though he’d never watched a baseball game before in person. There were only two or three people moving at a time, and most of the players were simply standing there. Overall, the sport was much less violent or exhausting-looking than, say, rugby or football.
"Hey, look at me," John said, reaching up to cup Sherlock’s face with one hand. “It’s just me, yeah?”
It was incredibly endearing, and John simultaneously wanted to kiss Sherlock awake, and also punch him. He couldn’t help wondering how had he gone this long without knowing that Sherlock snored. Though, to be fair, he hardly ever saw Sherlock sleeping. When Sherlock slept in his room, he always had the door closed, so it was possible that John had just never heard him. And that time in Baskerville… Sherlock had hardly slept, and when he had, it had been in the comfy chair in the room, sitting up.
John threw himself head first into his studies, trying not to think about Sherlock (an effort which became increasingly futile). His heart skipped a beat whenever he saw the back of a curly head walking down the street, or when he saw someone with a long coat walking around the corner, but it was never him. He thought about “casually” bumping into Sherlock outside of the library or near his flat again, but quickly dismissed all of these thoughts as pathetic.
“Yoo hoo. Happy Christmas,” Mrs. Hudson called as she entered the room, holding the Christmas goose.
Sherlock was now inspecting the floor of the locker with a magnifying glass. “Not with words, no. With their incompetency, yes.” He swept his finger across the locker floor and sniffed it. Looking intrigued, he pulled a small baggie containing a cotton swab out of his pocket. He swirled the swab on the floor of the locker before replacing it in the bag and sealing it carefully.
had–since they’d last lived together. Sometimes it felt as though they were tiptoeing around each other, and the ease with which they had once each seamlessly integrated into the other’s life was lost. But at least now they were together again, in their flat. He had to hope that they would get back to the way they were eventually, even though it would never truly be the same as before Sherlock had fallen.
He’d often come home to find Rosie sitting in her chair as Sherlock did an experiment, explaining his steps to her as if she were an adult with seven PhDs. Rosie would usually have fist in her mouth, eyes wide, hanging on his every word.
Sherlock let his eyes close for a moment and tilted back into the caress, as if he were luxuriating in the feeling.
After a while, John paused, kissing lightly along Sherlock’s jaw. Sherlock’s eyes were closed, his cheeks flushed beautifully. “I know the whole point was to snog under the mistletoe, which I would love to keep doing forever,” John said between kisses. “But do you think we could slow down for a bit and talk about this?”
John felt his eyes widen and his nostrils flare slightly. No one he came in contact with day-to-day ever asked him that, because everyone already knew. Most everyone went out of their way not to talk about it. He’d gotten used to feeling like a leper, or like a bird everyone was frightened of scaring off.
John let himself revel in the fact that he was allowed to watch Sherlock like this, and that he could actually kiss Sherlock awake this time, unlike the day before.
He and Sherlock would lie on John’s bed after, trying to make sure she was really settled. At least, that’s what John told himself, but he never asked Sherlock to leave when it was clear that she was truly down for the count. It was a bad habit, but he had started to look forward to falling asleep next to Sherlock, even if that was all it ever was. Sherlock was almost always gone when he woke up the next morning.
,” Sherlock breathed, feeling a flush rise on his face. It was almost embarrassing, how much he wanted John, but he didn’t care.
“I know I didn’t say it last night but… I want… I want to be with you. Like this. I know you waited for me to be okay after…” he swallowed, feeling a tightness in his throat. “After. But… we can do this. I want to. You know that right?" John cleared his throat. Sherlock leaned back enough to meet his gaze.
“War?” Sherlock offered as he leaned down to nibble at John’s earlobe, starting to undulate up and down slowly so that their cocks slid against each other.
John hesitated a fraction of a second longer before he turned and strode off in the opposite direction.
.” Sherlock ran his hand through his hair. “Sleeping in the same bed with someone, waking up next to them the next morning… this.” He gestured between their intertwined bodies.
Sherlock’s eyes flashed with surprise, and something that almost looked like vulnerability. “No, because I
A wonderful turn of events, which, now, Sherlock had ruined. Sherlock gulped, turning his face away.
He helped Sherlock sit down and draped his coat around him. He looked triumphant, despite the fact that his lips were tinged blue.
“I managed,” Sherlock said with attempted bravado, but he seemed exhausted. He dropped the towel from around his waist and slid back into bed, wincing as if it were a herculean effort. He sighed, closing his eyes. He seemed to be breathing a little easier, if only marginally.
John slowly caressed the skin of Sherlock’s neck with his lips, up to where his jawline met his ear, and then he nipped lightly at the skin, still palming Sherlock’s cock through his robe and pants. Then he turned to snog Sherlock full-on, his tongue teasing Sherlock’s mouth open slowly, tantalizingly. Sherlock’s eyes were still closed, but he lifted one hand up to reach around John’s neck, more for stability than anything else.
“I’m going back to my flat for a new jumper, thanks very much,” John growled without turning around.
John must have fallen asleep, because he woke up with his head at an awkward angle against the headboard and dawn breaking in his window. He sat up, wincing and rubbing his neck, but he froze as he saw that Sherlock was lying on the bed next to him, fully clothed and over the covers. He was staring at the ceiling, his hands folded over his lap, as if he had no idea that it was abnormal behavior for two flatmates to lay in bed together. John frowned, about to say something, when he noticed a cup of steaming tea on his bedstand. John glanced over at Sherlock, who was still very carefully staring at the ceiling.
Chi raised her eyebrow. “I did. What, do you think because I have cancer I can’t fold some pieces of paper?”
“What was that all about, anyway?” John asked as they walked back towards the sunlight. He glanced around, but there were no taxis in sight. It wasn’t far to Sherlock’s flat, but he was dead weight and they would never make it on foot.
“A third year. She—I knew her,” he finished lamely. He cleared his throat and continued, despite feeling like something was lodged in his trachea. “She tutored me last semester. She was brilliant, top of her class.”
“Shhh,” Sherlock hushed him, for the second time that day, but this time was so different that it was as if lifetimes had separated them, because this time, he leaned in to kiss John as he did it.
John leaned down to kiss him again, continuing to thrust, joy and fevered lust coursing through him, seven years of longing gushing into every vein and neuron.
John chuckled, moving his hips a bit to brush their cocks against each other, making Sherlock inhale sharply. “You bad, bad man,” John said happily.
John blinked at him, his gaze refocusing on Sherlock’s face. “No, no, it’s okay. I mean, christ.” John scrubbed his hand over his face again.
John exhaled, feeling a stab of relief. “Sherlock, you need to wake up." He cupped Sherlock’s face and looked into his eyes to check the pupils. Sherlock looked up at him sleepily, and John froze, realizing that he was hovering only inches from his face—close enough that they could easily kiss.
John opened and closed his mouth, his hands balling at his sides. “Who the hell are you? Are you some kind of… stalker?”
of burglary as if he were just any other professor. John’s heart was racing, and he felt like he was going to be sick.
The only differentiation between the girl and the sheets of the bed behind her was her large, dark eyes, like dark pools of water in deep winter. They seemed bigger proportionally than they should be. John had seen it before in children who were nearing the end of terminal illness.
” He shook his head, looking displeased with himself, as he removed his dark blue scarf. “It’s always something.”
“What does it look like?” Sherlock didn’t look up, continuing to poke through the sparse contents of the locker and throwing items on the floor. His face still sported the telltale signs of the beating he had received, but at least the swelling had gone down enough that he could see out of both eyes again. His skin was still a slightly mottled shade of yellow where the bruises had faded on his cheeks.
“Sherlock,” he said, his voice not quite even. He reached over and touched one of the scars with his fingertips.
“I am,” John said, tucking his chin into his neck and smiling. “I just wanted to tell you that I kept my promise. I finished a thousand.”
During the eighth inning, Sherlock watched the section with more fervor than before. John tried to watch too, though again, he had no idea what he was looking for.
Now that his vision had adjusted to the lack of light, John could see Sherlock’s face. His eyes were dark and dilated in the scant light, and his excitement was crackling in the air.
Sherlock turned, his brow still knit, and John stood up a bit straighter, trying to school his expression into something neutral.
Sherlock refused to give the case to Scotland Yard, and John was too worried about him to argue. They caught a cab back to Baker Street, once they could find one who was willing to take them despite the fact that Sherlock was sopping wet.
Fighting his impulse to simply cuss at Sherlock some more, John backed up as far as he could and made a running leap onto the other side. His foot landed right on the edge of the ledge, and he started slipping backward.
“This is cruel and unusual punishment,” Sherlock said, going into another round of coughing. “I’m not even
“I’ll feed her,” Sherlock said, picking up her small bowl of oatmeal and walking over to take her out of the high chair.
He frowned, moving toward the living room, pausing just before he reached the dividing line between the two rooms. There was no mistaking it: a large sprig of mistletoe—
“Don’t be coy,” Sherlock said. He nuzzled John’s cock through his pants, which was a sight John had seen in his dreams, but never thought he’d see in real life. “You know why I made you wear them the first time.”
After a few seconds, Sherlock looked up at him, apparently oblivious to John’s thoughts. “You do realize that the kettle is ready?” he prompted.
John’s hand stilled in Sherlock’s hair. “Making you come?” John finished for him, his voice very quiet. “Are you saying you’ve never had an orgasm with another person?”
Sherlock arched higher into him, thrusting against John’s cock, against his hand. John held him, and imagined what it would be like to thrust into his body, to be completely enveloped in Sherlock.
Sherlock whined, his fingers digging harder into John’s chest, and John felt like there was no oxygen left in his brain because he was kissing Sherlock.
Slowly, what had happened the night before started to filter back into his addled brain. They’d finished a case and had immediately gone to their favourite Chinese restaurant where one bottle of wine had turned into two, and John felt the same kind of kinetic energy flowing between them that he’d felt on his stag night.
“Sorry, I meant not to wake you,” Sherlock muttered, but he nuzzled his nose into John’s neck, just breathing him in.
“John,” Sherlock moaned, realizing that he was almost collapsing onto John at this point, hardly holding himself up. Not for the first time, he thought that despite his small frame, John was remarkably strong.
“Yeah,” John said, still hesitant. “If Mrs. Hudson came up in the morning and found me in your bed though…I don’t know, people might talk.”
Sherlock held up the crime scene tape long enough that John was able to slip underneath it, and a young plainclothes officer walked over to them quickly, holding up a hand to halt their progress.
“I don’t think I can handle you inside me after last night, as much as I want to. It’s been a while and I’m a bit sore,” Sherlock said, continuing his ministrations. “But we can do... other things.”
“Do you enjoy swimming, Mr. Watson?” Moriarty said over his shoulder. When he was finished, he dropped the eraser, wiping the chalk from his hands on a rag.
He collapsed backward onto the bed, and Sherlock stood up, licking his lips and wiping a bit of come off his mouth with the back of his hand.
“Hey,” John said softly, squeezing his hand. “It's all right. I just don't want us to jump into bed with each other before we talk about this.”
At first, it was just a gentle slide of lips and the hint of tongue, but once John nipped at Sherlock’s tongue, it turned more heated. John slid his hand under the sheet to brush his fingers down Sherlock’s stomach and stroke his cock once. Sherlock inhaled sharply, shifting his legs a bit for better access. The kiss now had a sharp edge to it, of want. Need.
John’s forehead crinkled, and a range of emotions flicked through his eyes, including the look he got when he was about to snog Sherlock senseless. “I love you too,” he said. “You’re the love of my fucking life, actually.”
John dropped his hand, but his face was jovial, not angry. “You just… you have to catch me up sometimes, you know? Your brain skips steps and you expect me to know all of them.”
Sherlock twisted John off him, standing quickly and pulling John to his feet before taking off again.
John peeked out from under his arm. Sherlock’s eyes were closed, his limbs sprawled over the bed clothes gracefully. John let his gaze linger, because he could now, because he was allowed.
He raked his hand through his hair, trying to shake off the strange feeling he’d had about the entire encounter. Why was the man asking people to spy on Sherlock? Was he somehow involved in a case Sherlock had been investigating?
He sat on the bed, listening to the silence for a long time, looking at the tiny folded crane in his hands.
He waited, looking at the line of Sherlock’s shoulders against the dark sky beyond the window, the fire crackling in the background.
“It’s going to require us to get out of the rest of these clothes,” John said, pushing Sherlock’s pyjamas down.
“Professor Jim Moriarty. Hi,” the man said, in the same singsong voice, waving at John with just his fingers. “Your name please?”
.” John slid his hands around Sherlock’s waist, his head falling back against the headboard. “Do you want… the lube…”
Sherlock stopped, one knee on the bed, and John reached up with both hands to push his jacket off his shoulders. Sherlock shrugged out of it, letting John work on his buttons. John kissed down his chest as his skin was revealed, wonderingly, and Sherlock’s breath started to come quicker.
Lestrade put a hand on his shoulder. “I’m sorry, John, I know this is difficult, but I need to know. What was her last name?”
“Mmm,” Sherlock hummed again, reaching out blindly toward John. John took the opportunity to slot his leg between Sherlock’s, moving a bit closer. Sherlock slid his arm around John’s waist, nuzzling into John’s shoulder, and made a little sigh of contentment that made John’s heart skip a beat.
John rolled his eyes. “How do you know he would be called back in time? He might have already been undercover when—”
“Thank you,” Sherlock said, and he meant it in so many different ways that he couldn’t actually articulate them all if John had asked.
John slowly turned over onto his other side, wincing slightly at the protest from his aching limbs. His eyes widened slightly when he saw Sherlock sleeping peacefully next to him, his face half turned toward John. The sheet was bunched around his waist and an arm was thrown over his head.
“I have to see what happens during the fourth and eighth innings. The innings where Wilson is distracted by having to keep score,” Sherlock replied,
long. I’ll stop whenever and if you want me to, but… I want to make you feel good, Sherlock. We can figure this out together. And if you decide you don’t want to have sex at all, we don’t have to. We can take this slowly. Is that alright with you?”
The bigger man looked like he wanted to bash John's skull in, but the shorter one watched John for a moment before he said in a lazy drawl, “Seb, let’s go. I think we’ve made our point.”
“Sorry,” Lestrade said to Sherlock, who shrugged, appearing unruffled. Lestrade’s eyes fell on John. “Who’s this? I can’t really have more unauthorized people on the scene.”
John let himself settle back into the bedclothes for a good while, basking in the feeling of Sherlock’s naked body pressed up against him, listening to the sounds of London awakening around him as an abnormally sunny morning dawned.
He framed Sherlock’s face with both hands, kissing him deeply, as he rolled his hips, tantalizing Sherlock by sliding their cocks against one another. It was delicious torture, but it wasn’t enough. He needed… god, he
Sherlock’s eyes were glittering, and he pressed his lips to John’s again. The kiss was even more passionate than before, and Sherlock eventually swung his leg around so that he was sitting on John's lap, which was much better.
The carousel night light on the dresser twirled, its light danced over the walls, horses chasing butterflies that were somehow the same size.
