Still beautiful.
. Especially after that night.»
The first time he had truly believed Dean had come for him. He had believed it to be
This time, Cas was the one to stop abruptly in the doorway of their motel room, Dean walking into him. He didn't have to say anything as Dean saw why he had stopped short. He laughed quietly as he pushed Cas into the room by placing a gentle hand at the small of his back.
I feel like I´m kinda finished with this story now, it already turned out waaaay longer than I had planned, but I really enjoyed writing it and I really needed to forget about the finale and just write my own... But, I have this really sad but happy (ending) epilogue idea, where Dean and Cas have lived a happy life together and dies of old age (because that is what they deserved!!), so I might write that...
«Well, duh. But she’s a part of me, part of my heart. So she’s kinda yours too...» He smiles softly at the man beside him.
“Dean, I’m okay, really.” Dean looks him over with skeptical eyes, the protectiveness clearly showing on his face. He reaches over and resting it against his thighs he takes Cas’s hand in his own, intertwining their fingers.
Jack takes in the sight of their fathers for a moment before they turn around and heads in a different direction, disappearing unnoticed around a corner. Jack is still smiling as they reach the living room, joining Eileen and Sam in front of the television in their living room. And as they sit down, Miracle comes running over from his resting place by the fire. He jumps onto Jack's lap, getting comfortable. His beautiful dark eyes staring up at theirs as he waits for Jack to hug and cuddle him.
“Thank you, Dean. For everything.” His voice is sleepy and barely loud enough to hear.
Because the one he thought he could never have...
Cas would sometimes join him or Eileen on some of the basic hunts, the quick and easy ones, but nothing big or too far away. Sam suspected Dean might have something to do with that. He knew how protective his brother was about Cas, he always had been. And now that Dean had gotten him back, finally got what he had wanted for so long, he for sure refused to lose that to a stupid hunt.
Returning to the bunker with Cas that night, Dean could not even imagine things turning out as they did. He’d rather Death have taken them both. Losing Cas like that was worse than them going out together.
The pictures aren’t really pictures, but memories made of glass. They’d `stolen´ them from the brothers, Eileen and Cas while they were sleeping. Jack hadn't poked around in their head uninvited, of course not. They had only stolen the feelings their family had dreamt of.
If anyone has been noticing and wondering about the chapter titles; yes, a lot of them are lyrics from (mostly) taylor swift songs (especially the Destiel album "evermore")...
“Look at me, Cas!” This time he does. He takes to study Deans eyes, his blue ones searching for something.
He tasted them on every breath he let out, wanted to scream them out loud for every beat of his heart. The words were written on every kiss. Every touch. Every look. And yet, he felt he could not say them enough.
«Ha-ha.» Sam mocks.
He can hear a low whisper as he reaches the door.
«Cas, I love you.»
“It’s not important. Forget that I asked.”
He knows he should wait until Dean returns with food, he’ll need it now as he’s human.
«Hello, Dean.»
“He might be drained of... well everything since he spent so long there,” Jack says as they pass Sam to approach Cas. “I could heal the cut and bump up your levels, but that might make it worse. You’ve been locked away In the void for so long, with no access to your power or anything. I don’t know how you’d react to my power if I tried to heal you. Especially since Dean had to drain your grace. You should probably get some proper rest. You’ll need it, whether you want your grace returned or if you stay human.”
«Oh you poor, lovesick little angel. You keep waking me up with your longing and your regrets, and I hate being awake. And if I have to stay awake, I’m going to make sure that you suffer with me.»
This close, Dean sees Meg’s eyes widen, sees her attempt to pull up and out of the attack but it’s too little too late and Dean slams the shield into her open jaw.
“Well, the stasis spell on the entrance was tripped. So, I was sent to make sure that everything’s peachy here.”
Sure enough, inside the antechamber was a veritable mountain of treasure, taking up every inch of space, and right on top of it—a naked man, fast asleep.
He couldn’t believe it. He never thought any dragon was capable of taking form of a human. This one seemed different. It seemed special.
“Meg,” Cas replied, his voice low but resonating with the power Dean knew he possessed. “Thank you for the meal. Care to join me?”
“Right, what do you suppose we call him then?” Sam walked up and purposefully stood close to Gabe.
“Dean?!” Sam called out from behind him, making the older brother jump. “Dean! You’re okay!” Sam rushed him, hugging him tight.
“Don’t you dare touch him.” Castiel started growling again, his wings snapping open behind him as Meg continued to advance on Dean.
right there was why Dean was such a screw-up. He'd been so busy flirting and getting it on with Cas, he'd forgotten to keep Sammy safe.
In retrospect, Dean thought sourly as he climbed his way back into Cas's cave, he should've protested Gabriel's idea with far more vehemence. Cas was going to skewer him alive. And the parts of Dean he left uncooked, fucking Meg would have her fill of.
“Thank you.” He said once he is completely human, voice deep and hoarse from disuse.
Dean swallowed. Shit. He was usually better about not leaving his supplies behind. Must have been distracted for some reason.
Dean sighed. “
Another roar shakes his body — shakes the whole room. Dean clutches at the closest thing to remain standing — which just so happens to be a full-size body shield. The shield wobbles a little, but holds, and when the room stops shaking Dean slips his hands through the handles. Extra protection won't go astray — after all it's not every day he fights a Dragon.
"Convince Meg to turn on Lucifer," Dean finished. "Or at least get her to take us to his secret hideout in his kingdom."
The man moved his face away and tilted his head to the side, eyeing him.
Dean just stared back, not daring to move. He just hoped Sam found him in time, god knew where he went.
Sam shook his head. “That’s the one language I have difficulty with.”
Castiel’s eyes moved from Dean to Sam, “Thank you for apologizing.”
Dean could hear more gold shifting. Castiel sitting or maybe walking down the gold pile toward the ground?
that? I thought it was just the walls not being quite as reflective in places, but look—“ Dean lifted his arm up to demonstrate how it vanished entirely at the edge of his reflection. “I think maybe…”
Sam startled and the egg dropped from his hand.
“Cas gave it to us. It’s a long story.” Dean sighed. “How about you gentlemen show us to a stable so we can take care of our horses, and then we’ll tell you over some grub and booze?”
Dean watches as she fakes in, then withdraws. He sees her muscles tense in preparation for the next attack, and Dean launches himself. Ignoring the burn in his legs, the ache in his arms, and the spinning of his head, he runs forward, uses the treasure chest as a launching pad, and leaps.
Beside Meg was a large canvas bag and she nodded to it, watching as Castiel leaned forward and withdrew a chunk of cheese and a loaf of bread. “There’s a buck outside,” she added, eyes never leaving Castiel’s as he split their meal and handed Meg her portion.
The velvety voice spoke again. “Oh, come now, Castiel. No need to be so ornery.”
“They are alive. But who could've done this?” Dean spoke to none, his questions going unanswered in the battered and torn room.
Thanks to all my fellow RoundRobin authors for being involved in this!
"I want to find them as much as you do, Dean," Balthazar said. "But barging in half-cocked isn't going to help anyone."
“You can’t reach Lucifer’s kingdom from the ground, Dean,” Castiel answered, giving him a sympathetic smile. Meg moved over to the canvas bag, withdrawing a small, sharp blade. The handle was ivory, colors reflecting from its depths in the changing light.
“You see, Lucifer is our second oldest brother,” Balthazar said upon seeing the twin looks of confusion on Dean and Sam’s faces. “Michael, the oldest, was supposed to rule but Lucifer wanted the throne for himself, turned against him and killed him in a rigged duel. That started the Great War where our people fought against Lucifer’s followers. After Lucifer started kidnapping people, Castiel as the commander of our army was tasked with a rescue mission. We thought he perished in the attempt, but it seems he joined the ranks of Lucifer’s prisoners instead.”
Lmao who am I kidding, it's not you're welcome worthy but :shrug: I LOVE YOU ALL.
Dean sighed heavily. "What the fuck ever," he muttered. "Hit me."
He needs to help.
Gabriel rushed over after grabbing a blanket and wrapped him in it. “First off, we can’t just call him… well… him.”
"Anything?"
“I’ll be back,” he promises, turning back to look at Cas one more time.
“And the father?” Sam asked, but Dean had a feeling they all already knew the answer.
“You must be really lonely,” Meg commented. “Its been a long time since you’ve invited me to stay and eat with you.”
“Dragonbreath,” Sam said. “It’s keeping the mouth of the cave warm.”
Gabriel turned all his attention to his brother, stepping over quickly and grabbing his shirt. “Because I am older than you, ya asshat.” He let him go, pushing him away.
"There's only so much magic can do, Dean!"
"You," Gabriel stalked forward. "You need to sit down and shut up."
The final showdown with Lucifer!
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean whirled to see him glaring at both of them. His golden, scaly wings unfurled and fluttered agitatedly.
Dean’s heart sped up and he launched himself out of his gold-coin blanket, unsheathing the dagger and raising it threateningly.
Dean looked back at his brother. He could see the confusion clearly in the way Sam’s eyebrows knitted together, but there was something else in his little brother’s eyes. Something that he hadn’t see from Sam in years.
for the beta! You're a life saver :D (and they'll be posting art soon too so keep an eye out!)
“Balthazar, hold,” said the shorter one, who was covered in golden scales. His demeanor was angry as well, but he looked a little more in control of his feelings. “Let them speak.”
Dean charges.
“How much time are we looking at? We should go back and tell Cas that we delivered it safely to you guys,” Dean interjected.
Still caged up, but that was something that he could try and change.
I have been sitting on this chapter since Sunday, just waiting to post it.
His hand is still wrapped around his sword (
Gabriel smirked and rolled his shoulders, his eyes flashing golden, and suddenly two huge scaly golden wings sprouted from his back. Sam’s jaw dropped as he took in the magnificent appendages. Gabriel winked at him, then the wings vanished as if they’d never been there.
“You say that so confidently, jerk.” Sam rolled his eyes at his brother’s arrogance.
“Is that... “ Dean started to ask but despite his efforts, he couldn’t place the script that ran along the flags.
Dean turned and before his eyes, was a black dragon as big as the mountain of gold. Dean was stunned for a moment. This dragon was like no other. He was beautiful. His scales were exactly like the ones he had seen in the gold. Midnight blue flashing in the black.
Sam made a shushing motion, and nodded agreement.
The last couple coins fell away and Dean finally got eyes on the situation. Fortunately, Castiel was several body lengths to his right, which meant that he could probably observe without discovery.
Dean braced himself, waiting for the realization to sink in.
The leather armour had done its job, and the claw is stuck. There’s a gauge in the material, but it hadn’t broken through — guess it was worth the exorbitant price the leathersmith had charged.
"And Gabriel wants me to..." Cas said slowly.
Ah! It's so exciting to be writing the first part of this Round Robin, putting the pieces out there so that other people can extrapolate them. I'm as pumped to see what everyone comes up with as I'm sure you all are! Don't forget to set your calendars for Friday. Next week RavensCAT will be telling the story! So many questions to be answered, and I can't wait to see where the story goes from here!
Castiel’s head was still pointed to the side where Meg had left him, and blue eyes suddenly locked on green. There was pain in Cas’ eyes, pain and fear. It was Castiel’s eyes widening that made Dean realized he’d automatically stepped out from behind his rock.
“I guess there are worse names than Jack,” Sam was quick to change his mind.
By the time that Dean got to Castiel, a little relief washed over Dean. It had been a while since he’d last seen him, and it felt nice to know he was okay.
Sam nodded, urging Dodge to catch up to Dean and Baby.
Dean swallowed, stepping back. Cas wasn't wrong, but son of a bitch, that hurt.
Sam stood, frozen after hearing the words.
“Exactly,” Cas nodded.
Lucifer stepped closer to Sam, fury in his eyes.
Still they descended. There was no sun here, and the snow was deeper, thicker, rising higher up the horses’ legs with every step. Baby was trembling now, but Dean urged her onward, cursing his lack of preparedness. Steam rose from her flanks, her body hot against the cold air.
“My master wished it so. And it’s not like I don’t visit you every now and then.”
“I know, Cas,” Dean offered, finding Castiel’s hand and threading their fingers together. “You may say things or do things you don’t truly mean?”
“Excuse me?” Castiel sounded genuinely confused.
Silently they walked on, deeper and deeper, until at last Dean called out for Sam to stop.
The blond whose shirt could stand to be tied a bit more was the one to speak. “Try the woods. That’s more hunter friendly.”
For a long moment they both just stood there, wrapped up in one another. Cas was the first to break away.
“Ourmeddrouxfamund, galmedmedundgeddroux, cephundtaldonunddroux,” Balthazar chanted. “LOONSA DOOAIN ZAMRAN!” His eyes flashed silver and the egg began to pulse with a silvery glow as well. The shadow of huge ragged wings was visible against the wall for a split second. After a moment, the glow receded and Balthazar exhaled, seeming to shrink a bit. Suddenly, he looked weary.
For a moment, Dean thought that Castiel might give him away. But instead he said, “I lit the torch. I was tired of being in the dark all the time.”
Dean listened hard for the sound of a shrinking body, of coins shifting, or at the very least a decrease in warmth and presence above him that would suggest Castiel had changed. There was nothing.
Cas ducks his head, blushing. “I know.”
“Safeword. I want you to feel free to use it whenever you are teetering beyond your personal boundaries. This isn’t an ‘end of the world’, ‘shit storm’, ‘stop everything’, sign. I want you to use it way before things go from "I don’t like this, to horribly wrong.”
Climbing into the tub, a bubbling sensation builds over his flesh where Eulo paste has been doused for years.  All the ache and burning dulls until it’s non-existent.  Tears escape his eyes with utter relief.  Dean is unable to recall the last moment he didn’t feel the burning of his flesh.  Leaning his head back against the tub permits the magical waters to clean away the blaze.  “Thank you,” he whispers, hoping the flittering fairies understand the debt he owes them.  His skin is his again.  Another ball of light dances in front of his eyes directing him to duck his head under the water.
The scowl on Cas’s mouth is so adorable Dean just has to kiss it off.  Both omega and alpha tumble onto the floor as the kiss becomes more heated.  Circling his legs around Cas’s waist gives Dean the leverage to yank their cocks together.  Both men howl at the delicious rub of erections.  Dean’s thin boxers and Castiel’s pajama pants are the only things separating the naughty bits.  The weight of his alpha on top of him sends Dean’s desire into an erotically charged frenzy.  Dean slides his hands down Cas’s arms until their fingers link, grounding the connection between them.
The older Winchester chuckles softly to not wake his daughters, “We do. Our house is littered with tutus, tiaras, and glitter in every corner.” To emphasize his point, Dean pulls out his jeans front pocket and watches as green glitter falls to the floor, “That shit gets everywhere.”
“I don’t need a nurse.  I can feed myself, bathe, and use the restroom without assistance.  What I do require is a personal assistant.  Someone who can drive me to doctor’s visits, help with shopping, cook my meals and be able to dial 911 if an emergency did arise.  I might ask you to take a CPR class if you are willing.  We’d pay for the class and for your time, of course.”
“And soon you will be a dog owner.”  Dean watches as Hannah chases Fish around, an adult version to Ruby’s psychotic dog rant.
“Can I assume Castiel is in with Hannah?”
in his normal after-dinner spot, lying stomach down on the worn gray carpet of the living room, his homework spread out before him while his mother watches her gossip shows.  The apartment they share is spacious, but not expensive or over the top, three bedrooms and two baths, with a little deck out the back where Castiel grows flowers and herbs in cement planters.  He dreams of starting a real garden one day.
“Not my place to start the conversation. My interest here is to make sure you both stay in a healing state of mind. Addiction is horrid. Sam needs you to support him through this process; are you ready to do that, Dean?”
The first sip burns even with the sweetness of added honey.
A bottle appears in Cas’s hand.  The professor pours the lavender-scented oil into the opposing palm.  His gorgeous boyfriend leans in, whispering, “Close your eyes.”
Gabriel leans against the wall, rubbing his beard.  He looks old and weathered, “It was added in the fifties when science started creating pups instead of Mother Nature.  If a bloodline is ever called into question, then a child conceived naturally would be considered purer and therefore would win.”  He takes a shallow breath, “Claire is here because of science.  For that reason alone, Dean’s pups will always be favored, legally.  If this Omega is trying to clear the way,
“Excellent, we have a compromise.”
Sam spent most of the sign-out Facetiming with Jess and Hael. For obvious reasons they were at home in St. Paul, which meant this was Sam’s first time away from his infant daughter.  Dean repeatedly told him to go home, but his brother refused to leave, stating that Jess was fine alone for 12 hours.  Then it was off to the Apple store for new iPhones and iPads for both Inias and Dean.  The elder Winchester was baffled as to why he would need it until he saw the nice, big picture of Hael.  Yup, Facetime just got a lot more interesting, especially after he sweet talked Hannah into buying one for his husband.
Dean hands Claire her copy of
Then the answer becomes apparent when they both utter “Rowena.”
Jesus, like he and Cas spend every God damn minute together naked.  Now that the idea has crossed his mind they should definitely partake in a naked weekend, but he digresses.  “Actually, Cas is painting my spare room, and I’m sitting on the couch with Fish watching football.  Clothed.”
The response is immediate:
Crowley takes a loud sniff, coughing behind his hand, “Oh Castiel.”
The blackness of the curse descends, blinding Dean.  He doesn’t need sight.  His body understands its job right now; he follows Pamela’s suggestion, shoving hard into his groin.  Tendrils of smoke lick into his nose.  The air is thick and hard to properly breathe, instead Dean’s coughing and his head's spinning.  Damn, the fucking curse understands there is only one more hurdle before its demise.
Meg pops her head out. “Took you guys long enough.”  She pats Castiel’s bicep, “he’s waiting for you.”
The house omega places a new bucket next to him with a faint smile of pity. She is the only one out of the three that has shown Cas even an ounce of sympathy, but he’s not surprised. Missouri has yet to spend more than five minutes in the same room with him without huffing something about behaving like a toddler before storming out, so it’s been Charlie who has guided him through his cleaning punishment.
“We have several eyewitness accounts.”  The woman glances down at a notepad yanked from her back pocket.  “It seems there were two assailants.  An older gentleman who distracted you, Mr. Novak, then a young female wearing a blue ball cap used an extremely large knife to slice through Mr. Winchester’s upper arm.”
Well that’s odd; they hadn’t plotted with the idea of another person, but then at the time Dean was going to be with him.  “Who?”
“Why?”  The young girl shouts.  Dean’s sure Claire would have stood up if she could.  “Angel Computers believes in the rights of Omegas and designation equality.  You have to get an alpha for your health, Dean!”
Nora picks her book up, nonchalantly replying, “Nobody cares.”
Chuck squeezes Cas’s hand, a throbbing building from his fingers. “No harm will come to Dean until the birth.  You know I can’t guarantee how the child’s delivery will go.”
"Be Still" by The Fray plays next as Castiel leads Anna across the dance floor.  Dean has nowhere to be, so he keeps an eye on them.  Cas whispers in her ear, but again there is no reaction; at times her gaze darts to Cas but then skitters away like a frightened child.  Dean wonders if this is what the Brotherhood stole from the beautiful woman, the ability to express anything but fear.
He joins Charlie on the floor, perching on the spare pillow.  Castiel has no idea where to begin, and then something Dean said earlier sparks a thought.  “Do we have cameras on the ranch?”
“Cas, I haven’t agreed to this whole dating mess, which clearly involves pet sitting.”  Dean’s terrified after all the emotions the alpha brought out of him last night.  This is not what he wants from a Dom.  Shaking his head, Dean finishes his coffee and places the mug in the sink.  “I don’t know, this seems very fast.”
The glare emitting from his true mate could kill a man.  Cas’s words ice cold, “Excuse me.  Did you touch any of it?”
He can’t.  If they want the new home ready as soon as possible for the triplets, demo and construction has to begin immediately.  The emotions of all the changes hit him like a two by four.  Bursting into tears, he cries with his whole frame leaning forward, the mug in front of him.
Dean sees red.  He reaches behind him, yelling, “Uriel, give me my blade.”
Oddly, Emma inhales deeply as her feet enter the study.  She never touches the white boards, but her fingers ghost just over them.  Spinning in a circle, her smile reappears.
“I found my life,” Dean responds his tone stern.  “This is Dean Winchester healthy, happy, and looking forward to the future.  The man you used to know was cold, angry, and consumed by either the job or alcohol.  This place gave me …everything.”
“We could play Box,” Gabriel announces oh so innocently.
Duck.
“Fine.” Krissy sighs with a pout. “I will be the adult today,” her gaze leers over at Castiel.
A new wave of chills are making it difficult to breath as Dean feels his body revolting against the food he’s eaten. God he really doesn’t want to vomit in front of Castiel’s brothers.
“They are stunning, little omega,” his mate replies, dragging his gaze over their tiny Winchester brood.
“Alright, girls.”  Dean claps his hands enthusiastically.  “Loud noises and wild actions scare Portia.  Whoever sits on the couch without a sound gets to hold her.”
“Infant play is not in your hard or soft limits, Kitten?” His dom winks with a teasing smirk.
Castiel finds his new beta companion in the library with her many computers.  He has no clue as to why she needs two PC’s and a laptop, but she’s the teacher.  The beta has the equipment spread across a long mahogany coffee table in the center of the room.  Charlie is sitting on a pillow with a second one next to her.
“I’ve mentioned before how Gabe helped with the construction of my house.”
“Bobby, let him go.”  Both men turn to the timid voice in the corner.
Dean screams in his head, but keeps his expression cool and collected. Cute nicknames are not appropriate with adult students who have dreamy eyes and fucking awesome sex hair.
Using what’s left of his alpha strength, Dean flips April on her back, banging her arm until the needle drops to the floor. “You are done here, fired, adios, bitch.”
He trails behind her down the shadowy hallway that’s dripping in red light, “A friend made the reservation, so whatever he chose is fine.”
Using his pointer finger, he gestures for Cas to come closer.  Whispering as if a deep, dark secret, “I’m one with the force.  The force is with me.”
Immediately the barricade slides open, revealing a huge indoor amphitheater.  Billie leads Dean down a set of stairs to the main floor.  People are sitting shoulder to shoulder, crammed into the two dozen rows of seating that surround a circular stage.  No partitions, no glass, nowhere to hide.  If his nose is correct the audience has a single designation: alphas.  When they reach the stage, Asmodeus raises his hand and the arena goes silent.
“You know it won’t take much effort for me to free myself.”  The alpha suggests with a growl.
Ignoring the sad dangling white mesh with bits of green on his hands, the omega responds dryly, “You do understand that I’m an adult perfectly capable of walking home.”  Dean refuses to admit the idea of hiking back sounds painful.  Martin is odd.  A part of the omega pictures the guy stalking behind him the entire way.  The beta’s eyes have an unsettling effect.
It takes a few seconds for his eyes to adjust to the dim lighting of the room.  The space is void of any windows or natural light, the only illumination comes from four lanterns across the back wall.  Suddenly Dean notices little balls of brilliant white light speeding around the room.
Carefully, Cas helps situate Dean on the bench.  It’s a modified spanking horse, so Dean straddles the tilted top, putting his ass in the air.  There are padded placements for his forearms, Dean’s wrists strapped in with buckles and leather.  On the other end a slightly lower set at a perfect height for Dean are padded slots for his shins along with leather straps with buckles for his ankles.  A nice addition is the length of the horse style, which allows Dean to rest his head on the padded top.  All in all he’s super comfortable, probably designed for long-term use.  This realization gives Dean thrilling butterflies.
“We ride the subway to work most days.  If someone bumps him in the process, he trembles a little and stops moving for a couple minutes, no big deal.  The doc gave him breathing exercises for that.  However, say an individual were to grab his arm and not let go, he would be screaming like a bitch in labor and he can’t calm down for like a fucking eternity.”
Dean’s a bit out of his depth.  He’s masturbated.  God, during his heat the omega can wear out the batteries of his favorite fake knot.  BUT, Dear Lord Almighty this situation is totally new.
“She mixed up some of her meds with a glass of wine. It was an accident!” Dean slams his hand down on the table between them, the hit sending a throbbing sensation down his arm.
Though the hunter is still standing, Castiel raises a hand to him.  “Thank you, Dean.  I am painfully aware of the inconvenience of my phobia.  Your forethought is very kind, and hasn’t gone unnoticed.”
Always Mr. Honesty, Cas announces, “I will not be able to please you with my cock.  The natural design requires time to recover after an extraordinary climax.”
Suddenly, Cas steps in front of him. “My love, you will need help. Charlie and I usually return from Orlando with a long list of alterations and statistical analysis to be performed before school begins. I can work from home and adjust my schedule; however, having someone here whose sole purpose is to care for you would ease my stress.”
Pausing to think, Dean does recall a conversation with Sammy about some big star phenomenon going on during the week.  However, he can’t let his young boys perceive this so he lets them sweat for a second.  Henry reminds Dean of his father while Ben looks more and more like Cas every day.  They are his middle children and the omega worries they might get lost in the numbers, but then Gabe and Sam do something special for them and all seems okay.
“Brother, I tore out a man’s neck for her. I do love her, and the best part, she loves me too.”
“Gilda’s got some magical alternatives which should help fill in the gaps we don’t have time to deal with.”  Max holds the fairy's hand tenderly.  Dean finds the touch interesting.
“I don’t understand.”  His world is thrown completely off its axis.  He wants the truth; in his heart of hearts he can’t disagree with Charlie’s findings.  She has no reason to lie.
After lunch, Dean lays on the floor of the nursery.  He and Claire are playing ball or catch to be more precise.  The Omega rolls a rubber ball across the floor and his adorable princess dashes after it giggling.
Hannah pulls her brother into a hug, rocking him gently, “Have faith, Castiel.”
Plunging back onto the mattress, Dean hits the bed with an “oof." "Every time I pass through the gates an alpha approaches me.  It’s probably how Alistair tracked me down and how my gift giver saw me too.  My heat's coming; I just want to be left alone.”
Yet, the reverse has more truth to it.  Castiel falls astray to the sensation of having his omega’s hole surrounding his knot as it slips into place.  He pulls back but an inch so he can stare into Dean’s emerald gaze as they both climax simultaneously.  Watching Dean succumb to his orgasm could only be described as magical.
“Dean, Dr. Mills made the rules very simple.  No sex of any kind until she is confident the stitches have healed.”
“Had a couple beers but I’ll be fine.”
The Novak home on Angel Cay appears to grow larger and more massive with each step Dean takes towards the mansion.  Looming down on Dean, the building reminds him that there is a lot more than designation separating him from those who live in such luxury.  The exquisite white latticed front porch extends the entire front and holds several white rocking chairs.  A hammock hangs from one end, blanketing an older alpha in a very obnoxious flamingo Caribbean shirt who snores loudly.
Why is she laughing? Adultery is not funny, not at all. Then her words are starting to take shape in his mind. “Dean these pictures were taken when Castiel and Amelia were in college. She hasn’t had bleach blonde hair since before Claire was born.”
“I surely did. She had been living with me for a little over a week, and I couldn’t stop thinking about her, but it was more than just the smell.  Meg is this tiny, beautiful woman, but she’s also smart and funny.  I didn’t want to claim her because my pheromones were working over time, I fell in love with her.”
Licking his lips, the alpha turns on the water, quipping, “I would spend the next hour proving you wrong, but I know the interview is important, so it will have to wait until tonight. Remember, Crowley said anytime now, and orgasms can only help things along.”
Crowley stands, extending a hand to his wife, “We will be back at nine to see how the night went with your new charge.  You have our cell numbers if our presence before then is required.”
“Bless you, Dean.  First round is on the house, beer and a whiskey?”  Dean bounces his head as he takes his seat.  Well damn, he has been officially swept off his feet.  He focuses on the next limerick as he searches for a chocolate without coconut.
“Oh yeah, if it weren’t I would have popped my knot the second I saw you. We’re good.” Dean’s eyes darken with lust, his feet bringing him to the foot of the bed. “I… I… I don’t know where to touch first?”
His voice tight, Cas removes his touch. “Did you fall in love with her?”
“I like the new scents.”  Dean blushes, realizing that Claire would notice his claimed odor.  “Reminds me of mom and dad just like …”
two cars since they started fifteen minutes ago. The darkness is soothing; giving him hope that maybe, he can actually do this.
Knowing Cas will tip over the edge soon, Dean lowers his hand, stroking his dick for the grand finale.  Screams of pleasure ring out as they orgasm, neither man able to use words.  He’s not sure he recalls his own name.  Castiel’s cock surges to knot them together; the Alpha continuing to ride out several more aftershocks, filling Dean’s hole with cum.  Eventually his Alpha snuggles in, tucking his nose to hide by the omega’s neck.
“The Carrigans agreed to a trade.  Your cross for their bench.”  Cas goes back to his work, leaving the omega even more confused.
Unfortunately, guns with silencers are not totally silent.  Movies lie.  When all he’s worried about is witnesses, they do the job, but not with multiple moving targets.  One shot gives away his location.  His hand drags along the Maxim 9 with a silencer deciding the twins should definitely come out and play anyways.  Yet, knives and steel cable kill with accuracy and zero noise.
“It doesn’t matter.  The man who raised me until his untimely death will always be my father.  Genetic links don’t make a parent.  I did not father Emma or Claire, but they are my children.  When they grow up, we will not hide these facts, and I hope they will not love me any less.”
Castiel steps into the water fully clothed, socks and all, never releasing his hold on Dean. They sink into the tub as Castiel lays back, Dean resting his cheek to the alpha’s chest.  For several minutes, they don’t move, they don’t speak, they just hold each other like their lives depended on it.
“I was paid,” he mutters.
The officer nods, “Been here since 5am prepping paperwork for your transfer, but I’m under strict orders to say nothing. Simply lead you to your lawyer.”
He knows that she is giving him an out.  Everyone would support his decision to leave if he wanted to.  The offer is very tempting.  He could bring some of his blankets and make a nest in their living room, but he needs to be here till the end.  It’s important to stand together with his mate tonight.  It kills him to be separated from Claire, but there is no way in hell Lillith will be within a mile of his daughter.  “Thanks, but I’m staying.”
The five-year-old smiles brightly as she sneaks a kiss to Claire’s forehead.  “Will she leave?”
“Wow,” Castiel announces, “This place is really busy on a Saturday.”
“I’m sorry, I wish I knew more about it.”  He follows her to the couch.  Hannah drags one foot, and Dean can’t believe he missed the cane.  What an idiot!
“Take your clothes off Dean.”  The dancer kicks off his shoes.
The sub has no idea how long he rested, but is suddenly awoken by a sharp pain from his ankle.  “Holy Shit, Ouch!!!”
“No, I’m good.  I need my friend here to not talk about screwing my baby brother.”  He shivers with the thought.
Dean tugs on his boots, staring at her with total bewilderment.  He remembers to pee and brush his teeth before rushing out the front door with Meg.  “It’s 8am, why are we doing this now?”
Adding all the sass Dean has in his arsenal, “I slaughtered 222 alphas in a myriad of creative and unusual ways, and you don’t think a single one could be toting some seriously wicked wrath?  Maybe one of them was so fuming with fury they broke through and took out their anger on my house.  Let’s be real.  One slightly plausible Omega versus hundreds of Omega-hating Alphas murdered by who you say?” He points to his chest, “This mother fucking Omega.”
“Good to know, Elle.”  She slaps his shoulder at the comment.  “Look someone was very vocal about volunteering, and I agreed.  Hence no need to pick, case closed, Ms. Woods.”
Safe and secure, concealed from the outside world, it’s just mates.  Castiel will be connected to Dean from now until eternity through mind, body and soul.  Dean cloaking his uneasiness and dread won’t work; Cas already has pictures in his head, so he might as will own up to it now.
“Because of an ugly bump, what, you don’t want to have sex with me now?”
Dean obeys, his gaze catching the female detective that arrested him. Perhaps she’s hiding a banana with a blue Gatorade behind her back. Yeah he’s doubtful, but damn he can’t stop wishing. She takes his elbow, guiding him down a corridor and through a door marked ‘Interview Room 1’.
The word family is what does it.  The younger Winchester rolls off the beaten man, gasping for air and reaching for his Meg.  She goes to him willingly, his cheek falling to her abdomen, embracing Meg’s waist tightly.  Sam whispering to her tummy, “You are safe.  You are both safe.”
Lifting up, Dean slides down Castiel’s cock with a slow whine.  Their mouths finding one another to kiss and explore.  A mix of pumpkin mint flowing through both men as Dean rides his alpha at a snail’s pace.  The rhythm is a combination of frustrating and intoxicating.  Cas grips Dean’s hips, his fingers burrowing into his Omega’s flesh, yet he refuses to take control.  Dean always leads.
Cinching his hips closer, Dean grinds into said angel knot as both men moan from the sensation.  The delicious bold scent of his alpha envelopes Dean as he thrusts his groin into Cas’s.  Adoration for this man spools off Dean like a constant stream of need. Strong hands snatch Dean’s hips, halting his motion.
Shaking his head, Castiel steps closer to the bed, halting just next to his Omega.  “She is not.  I have learned a valuable lesson, and I can only beg for your forgiveness.”
By the time he rolls into the house it’s been a couple hours.  He can hear talking from the living room.  He peeks in. “Hi, I’m back.  You guys need anything?”
Dean continues to argue with Kevin as Cas begins at a snail’s pace. The instructor has a slight brain fart, forgetting whose behind the wheel as he barks out, “Give it more gas.”
Immediately he spots Jesse. “Man!  I haven’t seen you in ages.”  He embraces his old work colleague.
He wants, he needs, he can’t live without more.  Humping the door, slick streams into his pants; the odor of aroused omega lingers in the air.
The ex leans into Dean, nearly bumping his chest with his own, “I can’t be replaced.”
Suddenly, Dean notices someone licking the lube off his sling.  Dean’s head snaps to the left, and Frank is caught mid-lick.  “Frank!  I am not a lollipop, step back, man.”
“How do you feel?”  Seems like a question Amara would ask.
Bursting out in giggles, Castiel attempts to speak through gasps of air. “Don’t worry, I feel like I just knotted the Chrysler Building. Nothing is going near that entrance for a while.”
Then Roman rushes out the door leaving it open.
Marv and Ed are practically salivating over the sweet treat.
Dean wonders to the back office because he’s used up all of his social graces for the evening.
Busting out in laughter, Dean steps back to keep his rantings in the room.  Uriel, as always, keeps his face locked in a serious expression, which actually makes the entire scene funnier.  Dean’s gasping after a few minutes.  Once he’s caught his breath, the omega decides eating might be the better use of his time.  His tummy’s still a little sensitive from his illness; however, he can’t starve the munchkin.
“I should go too,” Dean rises to his feet but realizes he doesn’t have a vehicle here.  “Crowley, do you know which hospital?”
Eventually, he pulls the Toyota into the parking lot and slides into the specific spot identified by his Omega.  Something about the lack of video surveillance.  Turning off the engine Castiel scans the area.  No Dean.  He sets the alarm clock on his phone for twenty minutes and prays. Eleven minutes into his countdown a knock at the window nearly has him wetting his pants.
The Alpha’s vision goes blurry as he pays for his spot, receiving the gold coin, his fingers clasping it like letting go would be losing the love of his life.  His cousin’s final words are sinking in.
“Charlie!  Did you come up with this?”
Meg’s eyes bounce between the brothers. “Okay.  Naomi’s hired an entire security team for my family, Castiel and Amara.  I could take him home with me.  Seriously, I’d protect him as if he’s one of my kids.”
Dean’s eyes are drooping when he smells a new alpha entering their bedroom.  In the same moment Cas calls out, “Can I help you?”
Turning away from the majority, the omega sprints in the opposite direction.  A little space between him and the mob might help his survival odds.  Mumbling to himself, “Cas is coming.”
BDSM TAGS: Movement Control, Impact Play
He studies the younger man as he tosses his clothes on, dashes to Castiel and kissing him harshly, and then sprints out of the room shouting over his shoulder, “Bye, Cas. Love you.”
Sam strolls in dripping with sweat, “The plumbers finished up this morning so Cain and I are finally able to close up the walls.  Have you picked a paint color for the bathroom?”
Her hands return to working on his leg as Hannah whispers, “He’s my hero.”
Emma spots her grandfather flipping through a magazine.  No shock there.  Yet, when John Winchester pulls his granddaughter into his lap and signs, “Hello, Princess.”
She wipes at her eyes. “Castiel gave you the bruise.”
Finally, the omega can’t handle the rising terror in his mind.  All the questions drowning him in anxiety.  “Am I in a lot of trouble?”
XOXOXOXO- Angie
What in the world could she be biased about?  The woman froze an entire person and ate him.  Dean’s attempting to decipher where she could even begin to be against his pieces when the doctor interrupts his train of thought.
The cloud of guilt and regret clears, allowing Dean to picture those hazel eyes in their last moment.  Anna knew she was going to die.  Either after several rounds of torture from Ketch or a quick bullet to the head.  “Oh my God.”
She can’t look at him. Charlie keeps her eyes squarely on the monitors; however, he hears a hushed, “I hope so” as he exits.
Once they are cuddled together watching the others play in the snow, Dean whispers into his friend’s ear, “We should find a place to plant some yellow primroses.”
Gadreel, or is it Ezekiel, goes to answer when Gabriel stops with a halting gesture, the eldest brother’s voice cold and calculating, “I think you need to keep your Castiel observation to yourself. He chooses to eat alone in his room, and prefers to volunteer for jobs that keep him on the hall.  Leave it be, are we clear?”
Sliding his bare feet over the edge of the bed, Cas attempts to stand when the door explodes open, revealing his alpha. The poor door dangles from his grip, completely ripped from the frame.
A new cover of
Hoozier plays.  Scanning the space, Dean notices piles of shoes under the tables.  It would seem the guests have also taken to the barefoot attire.
“A little birdie told me.  Why would you not tell Gabriel or me?  Do you not trust us?”
The woman leans forward, her eyes darkening, “All your painkillers have gummed up the works.  We’ve tried Metamucil and laxatives.  Fucking down three prunes and the glass of prune juice, or Dr. Mills has authorized me to back off on your pain meds until we have a proper dump off.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ten alphas have sent me gifts, once it was released I’d be escorting the Winchester Omega.  A new car,” she whispers low enough for only him to hear,” so thanks.”
“Why can’t he cross?”  Dean queries to Billie.
“I only use one tattoo artist, Pamela Barnes. She’s based in LA but travels, texting me different locations to meet her.  She has this belief that if you leave space in your art, love will find you to fill it.”
With his long sleeves, most of Dean’s body art remains hidden; however, the two tattoos on his neck are visible: a weaving noose crawls up his right side, while an antique colt revolver rests on the left. Flashing the stranger a sassy faux smile, he tries again, “I just want to know where I landed so when I get my phone call, I can tell my dad where to pick me up.”
“Whatever!” Dean exclaims before he notices the alpha trembling.  “Dude are you okay?  Is my heat smell too much for you?”
Dean rolls his eyes. “God I really shouldn’t have forced you to watch
“Has Cas ever mentioned me?”
A grin settles on the omega’s mouth as he recalls the sensation of Cas’s lips on his.  Dean’s fingers brush over the sensitive skin; they seem swollen today.  “We did.  It was awesome.”
“I know. I know you might not be able to answer.”  He cuts the alpha off with a wave of his hand.  “Where was I born?”
Rising to his feet the Alpha doesn’t let go of Rowena and Gabe’s hands.  “I swear on the lives of my unborn children I never laid eyes on Dean Winchester until you were dead and buried.”
“Charlie has another date with Gilda, and Ash vanished when it was time to clean up dinner.”
After making sure all the omegas and Gabriel have been, fed Sam jogs out to the platform, taking a slice of pizza for each alpha.  Nobody is talking, just staring up.  Lillith has been mumbling and crying for over an hour, but Hael stands perfectly still, her face like stone.  The sun is beginning to set, making Lillith twitch and scream for mercy.  The alphas just eat slowly, glaring with curious faces immune to her.
The clouds looming over Cas appear to break as the sun gleams from the smile on his alpha’s lips, like the words are setting a warm glow inside the other man.  Dean can’t help but return the bright sunshiny smile.
The sinking sensation in his chest becomes overwhelming. He plunges forward to steady himself on all fours. It’s not hot out, but sweat is dripping down his nose and his heart is beating as if he’s run a marathon. The worst is the Sahara in his mouth making it difficult to swallow, much less breathe.
“How in the hell is cyanide poisoning poetic?”  Gabriel exclaims through a soft hiss.
An additional question looms in Castiel’s mind.  Since Castiel was born here and Dean never claimed his scent, then what does this day represent to his alpha?  The gifts of the bears obviously aren’t a celebration of the alpha scent-claiming his mate, so then could they be making up for something?
“Castiel Novak.”  A doctor in a long white coat calls out.
He chokes on the truth, “I need a friend.”
“Benny would probably give it a whirl.”  Dean trips over a rock, stumbling a bit.  Shit, one of them is going to poke an eye out before they ever get to the slopes.
“Takes more than,” he pauses chewing on his lip, “what the hell was that?”
Do they really need to know?
The blonde beta comes swooping in for clarification, “Yes, in New York City.  It’s a private school that caters to omegas with disabilities.  There are counselors and medical staff on site to help with any situation.  Claire would be able to visit that doctor Jo was talking about, the one who specializes in pediatric prosthetics.  The school would even give her class-time to work on prepping for it.”
Again, a hint of deceit with a fuck ton of panic.  Allowing his brother to calm down, “Why not!  I haven’t been over to the school in a while.  It houses pre-school through 12
“Can you read it?” Dean asked, trying his best not to sound proud of his scholarly brother.
(See the end of the chapter for
The intruder was female, petite, and relatively non-threatening except for the giant set of wings she had retained. But unlike Cas’ black wings which contrasted nicely with his glittering, gorgeous scales, this creature’s wings were almost see-through and grayish. Like something had sucked all the color and life from them. Dean would be surprised if she could fly on them if he hadn’t heard her come in. Maybe that’s why she’d made that awful noise.
Not more than five minutes after Dean crossed the city lines to go back, a giant dragon crashed through the ceiling. “Why do you have my son?” Lucifer growled.
What an interesting story this has been!! Good job to all the authors and artists thus far.
"I would, if you'd brought them here. Like you
“We are not naming him after Jack Daniels.” Sam flashed him a typical bitch face.
Also its 10:48pm on Thursday here but I'm posting anyways because it's Friday somewhere right? ;) Also you're welcome.
still stuck in the cave," Balthazar snapped back. "Give me one good reason why I shouldn't turn you into a frog right now."
"Well, thanks for that, genius," Dean spat. "Clears things up so much more."
"That's enough." Gabriel's voice was dark and angry.
“But the real question is, why was Castiel risking his life to have us bring you this egg?” Dean dared to interrupt. As interesting as hearing all of this was, he’d really rather bring the attention back to the gorgeous man he’d had to abandon to an unknown fate. A fact that still gnawed at Dean’s guts every time blue eyes and black scales flashed before his inner eye.
“I have a horse, waiting outside.  I do not wish to leave you but I think that I must... I will bring your brothers here, Sam as well and maybe with all of us thinking together we could figure something out about how to free you.”  A blush crept over Dean's cheeks. Blue eyes met his, it almost gave him a sense of intimacy, that much he knew. Though he hadn't spent much time with Castiel, a single gaze from him would send a small shiver up his spine.
“Dean,” Sam whispered, nodding his head towards the entrance of the town. Above the elegant archway held a large sign welcoming travelers in glittering gold lettering, but it was the flags on either side that had gotten their attention.
I am loving this story and collaboration so much!! I hope this chapter does the rest of the awesome chapters justice :)
I made it!! To everyone who's written such an awesome fic before me, I hope this lives up to the expectation!! Thanks to
He smacks into the wall, and his head collides heavily with something behind him. The
Balthazar paused, took a long look at the scale in his hand, then closed his eyes. For a moment, there was nothing. Dean waited impatiently, tapping his foot against the floor. Gabriel shot him an irritated look and he opened his mouth to offer a snarky fuck off, when suddenly, Balthazar began to glow.
“Why do you have my son?” Lucifer growled.
The gorge had an otherworldly aura to it. Mist hung like a vast white carpet, obscuring visibility in the very deepest parts of the valley. Above, on the plateau from which they’d descended, it was a beautiful spring day full of promise and vitality, but Dean and Sam had already ridden beneath the snow line, where the sun couldn’t penetrate deep enough to melt away the passage of winter.
It wasn't a question, but he nodded anyway.
me in there.” Dean could see the questions in Sam’s face and held his hand up to stop him. “I don’t want to talk about that last bit so don’t ask. Now let’s stop the dear diary and get moving. We’re losing daylight and I don’t want to be here when Meg wakes up.”
“What about her?” Dean asks, tipping his head in her direction; his arm flops weakly when he tries to wave in her direction, and Dean’s beat, entirely wrecked. He’s exhausted, and sleep is the only thing he really wants to do, but judging by the feeling in his head that’s not advisable in the near future.
“What was she doing there?” Sam asked as he started to untie Dodge.
“What about you?”
“My name.”
But Dean had noticed something in the darkness, a glitter that reflected back from his torchlight on the walls, and his appreciation for shiny things drew him toward it. He didn’t even notice that Sam didn’t follow him, the temptation to explore was so strong.
Dean and Sam learn the origins of the Great Dragons. Tensions arise.
“Well, that makes more sense. But I don’t think the baby can move much if at all. It was just hatched.”
Dean sputtered. Before he could protest, Gabriel turned to Balthazar.
“Lucifer!” he hissed menacingly. “We thought that snake had been beaten so badly he’d gone into hiding to lick his wounds, but it seems he fooled us again!”
(See the end of the chapter for
The thing that really had Dean stumped was the realisation that this meant Castiel was… also a prince. Holy shit. He’d ogled a prince’s naked backside. Sam gave Dean a sharp look as if he knew exactly what Dean was thinking and was silently imploring him to not share this fun little fact with their hosts.
Dean turned to go when a strong grip pulled him back. Suddenly, he was whirled around and a hot, warm mouth pressed clumsily against his own.
“Blood of my brother, I’ve bound thee,” Meg whispered, moving to Castiel who had his arm outstretched. Dean’s gasp was ignored as Meg dug the blade deep into Castiel’s forearm before doing the same to her own. “Blood of my own, you have been freed.”
The dragon gently lowered him to the ground and dropped him beside Dean.
“I’m saying, I think it is a little of both. I did see them bump it a few times. But it very well could be hatching on its own.” Sam’s gaze went back to the shiny gold before him and he sighed slightly with a small smile.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I still don’t think this is a good idea, brother.” Balthazar rolled his eyes. “Why do we always do what you want to do?”
“Call me crazy, but yeah. I think it might be good for him if we do.”
Seeing Balthazar’s long arm come up and get the side of Gabe’s head, Dean stuck out his hand. “I’ll take that bet.” They shook hands and went to the other side of the room to find chairs to watch.
Even with the shield, Dean knows he's no match for a Dragon; he needs to be strategic about this —
Dean watched as Balthazar’s words made Sam jump to his feet. “Termination? You want to
“THAT IS MAHOGANY!” Balthazar jumped up and yelled loudly.
“Thank you?” Dean asked after he shakes himself out of his stupor, voice shaky.
*tags Alessariel* You're next lovely.
Thank you to Profound Bond for setting this up! If you do it again I am going to sign up once more I had so much fun writing this chapter.
doorways.”
Dean shook his head, the image of the one Cas called Meg still burned into his retinas. “She was a foul and repulsive creature.”
“Oh.” Dean stupidly said. “Uh, your welcome.”
“We know where your brother is and have a clue as to who is holding him.”
Balthazar looked back at the egg, “The reason I had an idea of what this might be, was because Lucifer always treasured one story in particular. The fable of the…”
Sam landed with a grunt and stood up, rubbing his butt, “Oww.” He complained.
“It cannot be…” Gabriel whispered, touching the glittering egg in awe. “How did you get this!” he demanded with the air of someone used to his every command being obeyed.
Gabriel’s regal air of authority did only a little to prepare the hunters when it was revealed that he was prince regent of the kingdom and Balthazar, a prince in his own right, was his royal advisor and court mage.
“This fable was written based on the many recounts from our ancestors. This fable could well be become a reality is we let that…
“Don’t you always say that the bigger the ransom the less likely they are to pay it?”
Dean told them how they’d come across the cave and the prisoner within. Once Dean mentioned Meg and the “master” Castiel had alluded to Gabriel’s face darkened even more.
Castiel hesitated for a moment, and Dean just barely picked up his quiet reply. “Just a small amount.”
"You've been staring at that bowl for the past two hours," Dean snapped. "Tell me you got something."
The voice continued, slowly. “But it isn’t, is it? Something seems different.”
Okay, maybe not completely naked. There was a nasty looking shackle wrapped around the man’s chafed and bruised ankle. The shackle’s chain descended the full height of the treasure pile, right down to a melted patch of gold into which it had been thrust.
The man just pointed to the egg.
They both watched as he placed the egg back at the top, before changing himself back to human, scales dropping to the floor as he does.
That's
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh, good! I knew you could do it. I’ve always thought you were better than the others,” said the voice, sounding almost fond.
“Shut up, Sammy! Be glad he didn’t eat you!” Dean hissed.
It was because of the glint, Dean decided to take a chance and tell this stranger about Castiel. After all it wasn’t every day you find out that a captive human was, in fact, a captive dragon. Who was to say that Castiel’s brothers didn’t take a human form like he did?
Dean loomed over Balthazar, who swatted at him from the side.
"Okay." He took in a deep breath, then looked at Dean through dark lashes. "Okay. I will try to convince Meg."
“Not Gabriel, ya twit. The baby. Make sure the baby doesn’t go anywhere.”
“Why are you here?” Castiel asked, his words clipped.
“Impossible!” Balthazar exclaimed, suddenly suspicious again. “First your stories of our long lost brother, now you claim that the Great Dragons have returned? You must think us supremely gullible!”
"Clearly, you didn't do a very good job!"
This dragon must eat gravel for a living because his human voice was gravelly and it was making shivers go down Dean’s spine.
Narrowly escaping Meg, can Dean and Sam complete Castiel's request?
That’s when he saw Sam, climbing up the mountain of gold toward the egg. Dean gulped, he didn’t dare move a muscle that would let the dragon know what was happening. Sam didn’t know that this man was actually the dragon they had been fearing.
Enjoy!
Sam nodded in agreement. “Speaking of. Are we going to do what Castiel asked of us? Take the egg to his brothers?”
Art by
“I’ve already made a decision, so any quarrelling is unnecessary.” Gabriel spoke. They all stood still, waiting with anticipation for what the prince was going to say next.
“How original.” Dean muttered, causing Sam to elbow him and a glare from the two princes.
Castiel growled at the owner of the new voice.
“Hand him over.” The calmness of his voice is what got to Sam, the calculating demeanor he wore. “Just hand him over and everything will be fine.”
Sam’s eyes widened as he looked over at his brother. Dean’s eyebrows jumped up as he held his hand palms out, pushing them towards Sam with two downward gestures signing for his brother to stay calm before he twisted around to see two men standing behind them.
“Get off of me!” Gabe flailed around.
Beautiful art done by the amazing HarplessCastiel
Dean couldn’t comprehend why anyone would
He reached out and smoothed his hand along her snout, smiling when she leaned her head into the touch. “I’m sorry, Baby. I had to make sure he was okay,” Dean said softly.
“I am sure your Master would be displeased if I were to share information he’s been searching years for with you before him, Meg. Don’t you?”
“Meg!” Castiel yelled, his voice echoing throughout the cave. “Do not harm him. He’s the key to manifesting my magic.”
Everyone watched with tentative eyes on the egg in a small nest, warm light beaming down upon it from a strategically placed hole in the roof.
“Lucifer?” Dean spat, the word tasting vile on his tongue.
“Well, yes, we’re dragonkin, but we don’t lay eggs. Our ancestors were supposedly able to turn into real dragons, but no dragonkin has been able to do that in hundreds of years. We’ve interbred with other species for so long that our powers are watered down. Magic is more predominant in the royal family, but Gabriel is the only dragonkin alive who can still manifest some of the more dramatic traits of our ancestors.”
"Cas—" Dean reached out and grabbed his shoulder. "Cas, we're gonna get 'em back."
live!” Balthazar retorted with a sneer.
“A human, Castiel? Now you’re just yankin’ my chain.”
So, I had a blast writing this because Soba (destimushi) kept me company XD and she forced me from 452 to 1003 :3 so thank her.
It’s repulsive.
And a big thank you to Crypto/pantydean for taking time out of her day to help me with the ASL gestures! I hope I did it justice.
“That was elm, you idiot.” Gabriel shook his head. “Can’t even tell the difference in mahogany and elm. Useless,” he mumbled, making his way back to check on the egg.
Balthazar noticed Dean admiring the scales and his lips quirked up, “This book has been in our family for centuries. This is the only book of its kind, where the cover has been pigmented with the scales off our own flesh. It’s very valuable, which is why it is kept in our possession.”
It’s easy to tell them apart. Cas he’s seen before, but the other Dragon is different by far — she’s a dragon still, but she looks just as wrong as a Dragon as she had as a human. Her wings are almost in pieces, and she’s skeletal — actually skeletal like the reanimated corpses he’s seen from the necromancers in the town of Leifsdottir.
What he didn’t account for was Balthazar getting a second wind and jumping on Gabe’s back, grabbing on to his wings and pulling.
"What happened?" Dean asked tightly.
“Fight ain't over yet, bitch.”
He had just started twisting a gold coin between his fingers when he heard a distant roar, soon followed by shifting wind. A soft thud and purr alerted him that Meg had arrived, seconds before the dragon shifted into human form.
Sam shifted on his feet.
“I’ve been thinking, Sammy… This should be our last job. It’s crazy dangerous, the hours are awful, we don’t get paid overtime--” Dean groused, casting a nervous look overhead. “These people aren’t even grateful. Remember that King back in Lokum? He promised us half his kingdom if we slew that manticore, and we ended up running for our lives from his King’s Guard.”
“My brother died in the Battle of Sunder, you bastard!” he snapped. “Don’t you dare try to use his memory to sneak into our capital!”
"Screw this." Dean tucked the scale into his pocket and grabbed his bag. "I'm outta here. I'm gonna go find Sam by myself because you morons are clearly useless."
“Ah, Clarence, thank you for the welcome party,” she purred and Dean clenched the coin, knowing she was probably encroaching on Castiel’s space as she spoke.
“Sorry, girl,” he murmured as the ground beneath them levelled out. “I’m sorry. I’ll make it up to you. Which way, Sammy?”
“You said this egg was the ‘product of two true Great Dragons mating’.” Sam replied, “What do you mean by that?”
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
In, out, attack.
Gabriel and Balthazar shared amused looks, Balthazar rolling his eyes.
“We could call him, Jack,” Dean suggested.
Castiel agreed, nodding a little at Dean and standing, with Dean following suit.  “I know. Maybe we can take him far from the city lines. Hide him some place where no one would dare to look.”
Gabriel turned to a page in the middle and began to read.
“Do… do we really have to fly there?” Dean asked, stomach fluttering in both anticipation and from the heat of Castiel’s squeezing his hand.
“I don’t know. Oh hey, look. That’s weird.”
Thanks to all the wonderful RoundRobin Artists too! Make sure to head over via the link to check that out too.
The sound of gold shifting stopped. “Everything is as it has always been. I am still your prisoner, as I will be for the remainder of my life,” Castiel said dully.
It’s fine, Dean would deal with the consequences. He would take the blame.
(See the end of the chapter for
A disembodied voice from behind them made them freeze in their saddles. “It says, Kingdom of Heaven. As in this town is protected from hunters by the royal family.”
There was soft chuckle before footsteps and dragging chain moved across the stone floor.
Dun dun dun!
"Hey man, your brother came up with the idea!" Dean protested. "Take it up with him, not me!"
Hi! Sorry it took some time, but here it is. Next up is zaffre!
Art by lotrspnfangirl
“Out of us five brothers, Lucifer was the one who cherished his time with Father the most,” Balthazar said, a sharp bitterness to his tone. “He remembered Father’s stories like the back of his hand. He would retell those stories countless of times. He was so heavily fixated on the legends of our past and the way dragonkin used to live. It is why when the Great War came, we were unfortunately unsurprised. After Father left, those stories were the only things that seemed to fuel Lucifer – to the point he became less the brother we knew and loved and more of a corrupt conspirer to the throne.”
“I always get what I want. I wanted my son and I got him. Now the question remains, what to do with you?” Lucifer spoke from the shadows. Sam didn't let the fear of death get to him. His brother would be back, Dean would realize that they're gone and he would find them both, he would save them.
Sitting up a little straighter, the man cocked his head to one side in adorable confusion as though he hadn’t understood. Dean flushed, doing his very best not to let his eyes wander. He needn’t have tried so hard, for in the shackled man’s lap was an enormous jewelled stone, egg shaped and glittering in mottled gold and silver. It was encrusted in precious stones more beautiful than any Dean had ever seen. The man held the egg tightly, as though he dare not let it go, and Dean found his thoughts drifting, unsure which was more beautiful: the treasure or the man himself.
. Secondly, he
Sam sighed and shook his head. “What happened to you in there?”
Cas kneels down in front of him. “She’ll be out for a while. When she wakes she will undoubtedly need to report to her master. It will be best for everyone if you are long gone then.”
for the beta and to
Now.... onto the chapter!
wouldn't get his hands on a Great Dragon's power. It was all for nothing!"
Dean paused for a moment, sympathy warring with the panic in his gut. But this was Sam, his baby brother. Dean didn’t know how to be anything but Sam’s protector.
"I... may have an idea," Gabriel said slowly. "But you're not going to like it."
The books pages were yellow and wrinkled, exposing their wear over the many centuries of use. Dean noticed the pages were written in Draconic, just like the cursive letters on the kingdom’s gate. He watched Sam inch forward in his seat, obviously fascinated by the unique language.
"Wherever," Dean spat. "It's gotta be better than sittin' around here!"
“I am ready to see Lucifer.”
“Wait, we’re not lying! Cas is alive, and we can prove it!” Dean hurried to say. Both he and Sam were expecting their adversaries to turn into huge ass dragons any second, roasting them with dragon fire.
“My son doesn't need protecting from me. Hand him over and everything will be just fine.”
“I like it.” Gabe smiled lightly and looked down at the tiny blanket burrito.
“Our, Master, you mean?”
“Cas needs to know he was hatched too.” Dean insisted. “I will go tell him. Sammy, you stay here with them and make sure he doesn’t go anywhere.” He pointed to Jack in Gabe’s arms.
Unaware of the human’s bet, the fight kept going. It didn’t take long for them to be just a ball of scales and wings rolling around on the ground. Profanities and improper name calling filled the room from the dragonkin.
All the workers are required to wear bright yellow jackets to identify them from the guards, staff, and patients.
“I will check the closet,”  Cas huffs with a weary voice.
Novak rubs his eyes harshly, searching for an answer. “If things were to … not go well with Claire. She hasn’t seen me in three years, and the last night I saw her I was high.”
As soon as the door is opened by the valet, an older guy steps forward, handing Cas several envelopes.
The woman appears highly offended, her face contorting darkly. “What kind of place do you think Heaven is?  The alpha you mate will be your alpha, and the beautiful blessings your union produces will be your children, Omega.  We will be at your service.”
“Have a good night, Castiel,” Donna throws over her shoulder as she approaches Dean.
“With your mom?”  He lies back with his curiosity, letting the bouncy mat catch him.
“Should I even be up here?”  Those blue eyes scan for any weapons.
“That’s not why I’m crying.”  She mumbles.
Sam leans against the island. “It’s not funny, Dean.”
“Happy to help.”  Her voice returning to its typical chipper self.  “Dean, are you okay?”
Dean follows Castiel to the head table to be seated for dinner.  All the guests will share a meal before the Omegas separate to head upstairs to Dean’s burger feast.  The Omega’s nerves have calmed down a little, and he is patiently awaiting his release; however, he’s regretting that he listened to Becky because the joint dinner will span three courses, ugh!
“The burger Kevin ate at the party.  It was laced with alpha spray.  His pup must have been an alpha cause…”
“You are the only third-year stupid enough to sign up for Hunter.  I told my fourth- and fifth-year omegas to give us an hour alone.  You have a shit ton of catching up to do, Dean.”
“The weather has turned colder in the past few days, and the hike will take several hours.  If you approve, we can have more clothes made to keep you warm.”  Cas grins, pulling his tan overcoat on and buttoning it up tight.
Castiel hits end on the Satellite phone, a huge smile plastered to his face.  It was nice to take an hour to discuss the trip with Dr. Shurley.  He and Dean are making such amazing strides in their relationship, that it helps to review things with his therapist.  Today marks the sixth day of the safari.  The scenery is gorgeous, a picture perfect moment at every turn.  Their first stop was a small ranch house set in the southern part of the Bushveld Region of South Africa.  A dry, open savanna rolling around them made getting up in the morning a pleasure.  Now, the group has settled into their second location near Limpopo in a massive hunting lodge that could easily house twenty or more people.  The lodge sits close to a mountain range, so the landscape is green and lush.  The dancer adores the wraparound porch with several rocking chairs.
“I love you, Cas.  But I am in no condition to be appeasing that particular scent.”
Violently trembling, Dean ignores his instinct to curl up in the fetal position.  The straining of his body is agonizing, yet he won’t move.  A cruel punishment of aching sore muscles and gaping ass isn’t enough for what he did, but Dean will take it. His teeth are rattling between his pathetic hiccups and silent wails.  Dean’s mind is circling the drain with stress.  If this is the end he has no one else to blame but himself.  Dean crossed the unspoken line and for what?  The answer to a question he probably already knows.
There is no hesitation.  Castiel lunges for the omega’s presented throat, plunging his teeth into Dean’s skin.  The act drives them both to climax as a trickle of blood glides down the omega’s neck.  Dean ignores the rusty scent, his focus solely on the gratification as their bond solidifies between them.  The alpha laps up the crimson mess.
The pregnant male submits as the teen’s fingers scrub shampoo into his scalp.  Dean startles as the soap stings the abused skin.
They are enjoying a quiet evening at home until Dean leaves for Cas’s later. His fingers drift through the gorgeous dark wavy hair of his niece, as a little sigh dribbles from her mouth. These tiny moments that really have no significance will be what Dean will miss. The thought makes his heart stop. His phone buzzes on the cushion next to him.
Cas opens the door wider as Benny enters.  “I’ll just come in for a quick snack.”
Lily takes the paper, putting it in a file in front of her on the table.  “Thank you.  Hopefully this interview is a simple information expedition.  If they don’t mention Castiel’s mental health, then we won’t divulge it.  Castiel,”  her intense greenish brown eye sharpening on his alpha,” only answer the questions they ask and never give anything more.  We need them to conclude that the last time you saw Roman was with Sam Winchester; then they will exclude you as a person of interest in this case.  They have already tossed out Dean’s brother as a suspect, so it should be an easy in and out situation.”
“Nope,” Charlie leans back, gingerly blowing on her nails. “It’s the final week before the first trial so classes are suspended, and I don’t have challenge practice for another hour.  I’m all yours.”
“You’re not wrong, buddy,”  Dean quips, because he could kill the other man with his bare hands and never break a sweat.  Although, at the moment he’s dripping in salty perspiration.  “What time is it?”
Hugs!  Lot's of love and hugs.
Fingernails scratch down his throat, nipping at his pulse point.  Lips replace the fingers dropping chaste kisses, a slip of the tongue sends chills over his flesh.  God, he wants the alpha.  Dean wishes this were a genuine moment between them where his alpha could claim him body and soul.  Release him from the tall walls and locked doors of the Center.  A breeze has the alpha’s hair fluttering over his forehead.
“Great.  Can you swing by Lawrence Memorial?”  A follow up, “Now.  Dean’s MRI is in ten minutes, but I bet the tech will stall because having a patient lose their shit in the machine is no bueno.”
“Victim’s rights work pays shit, so yes, she does both.  The connection to seedier individuals gives her better access than the police when searching for missing persons.  Those crap filled rumors about her being a heartless bitch were started by wankers who have faced her in the courtroom.”  Crowley shoots both men a steely look, “Is that a problem?”
Seconds later Max answers, letting him in and shooing away any onlookers.  Alicia brings Dean over to an altar under the window, her voice strong, “He’s not trapped.  We gave him the spell against REM Vocal Control two days ago.  I assume he did not share it with you?”
“Please, I mentioned that I thought the idea was adorable. You came home yesterday with the supposed ‘abomination of a cat carrier’.”
Nobody moves as the wave continues, leaving them standing like a group of drowned rats.  Dean spits a mouthful of salty liquid onto the ground.
“Oh, the pink one?  Don’t know really, maybe 18 months.  Could be longer, but it’s all pink and on my ass so it’s nothing.  Right?”
Nurse Amy was left with the job of not leaving Cas even for a second.  It was the one stipulation of Dean’s, that someone be there if the alpha wakes.  Castiel has had enough frights lately.  Maybe tomorrow Cas will take him out for a walk, hand in hand.  That would be lovely.
Novak freezes. What did Dean just say? He must have heard him incorrectly because it is awfully early to be using that word. Isn’t it? Actually, the dom hasn’t a clue because he has never said those words to anyone but his mother as a child. All the good that did when she simply whisked him off to be raised by the many nannies and housekeepers in the family’s employment. Naomi Novak may have given birth to four strong boys, but that was the last kind thing she ever did for them.
Shaking his head, Sam counters, “Have you thought about the mess?  How you will clean it up?”
“Our sister Hael died after the first thaw of snow. The weather is how we kept the passing time while under the Brotherhood’s care.  I was told you knew about her death.”
Ushering him out the door and up the tiny twirling stairs, “I promise daily reports with photos.  You will be included, Dean.”
Stupid door.
“So how do you want me, Cas?”  Dean shakes his hips with excitement.
(See the end of the chapter for
The small local airport should have been less stressful for Dean, but merely being in public at all sets off his anxiety.  Lawrence Municipal Airport has only one main building, a few hangars and one runway.  Currently Dean perches, fidgeting in a sad excuse for a waiting room next to Donna.  Jody had walked off to check on their private charter jet to Nassau.  Dean’s fingers tighten around his guitar case, finding comfort in the familiar feel of leather under his hands and the vague scent of home.
“Oh my god, take a breath before you pass out.”  Dean waits while Charlie obeys with a grin.
Scratching his head, Dr. Tran shifts uncomfortably in his chair. “I assume you didn’t take any heat-specific birth control?”
Watching Dean’s reaction, Roman grows to his full height.  “Our Dean-O would slice and dice alphas, betas, and even omegas, his cock swelling at the pleasure of their screams.  He’d get so hard Dean would have to excuse himself to the bathroom to jack off.”
“Well, no.”
A piece of Dean broke watching his brother return to the Campbell condos.  However, he agrees with Crowley; a plan needs to be put in place before poking the bear.  The omega curls up by the fire, Cas’s arms embracing him from behind.  His alpha’s touch eases the ache.  Castiel’s fingers gently caress up and down the omega’s shoulders as random chaste kisses pepper the back of Dean’s neck.
“Come in.”
“Why in God’s name does it matter?”
“Alright.”  She appears shell-shocked, her hands trembling as she heads to the kitchen.
“Dean Winchester?”
The pitter-patter of rain is the first thing Dean hears as he crawls back into consciousness.  His body is curled tightly around the frame of Castiel.  A gentle hand cards through Dean’s hair; the alpha’s other hand types on an iPad placed on his free thigh.  He probably should get up.  Castiel has an empire to run, not waste his day pampering Dean, and yet he can’t bring himself to move.
The heavy door hissing gives away its movement in both opening and closing.  Footsteps approach their bed but halt several feet away.  Dean can’t see the angel.  The scent of a burning campfire in the woods gives his nose a tickle.  Alpha.
Solid dead air strangles Dean’s ability to inhale.  The elaborate plan decades in the making between smarter and obviously powerful individuals never included him mating Cas.  Neither man can find the words, because the sound of silence says it all.
Cas returns, and it's more of the same.
“Thanks, watch out for rusty nails,” Dean replies cheerfully.
“You aren’t—” Dean begins.
“Poop.” Castiel sighs because, of course Dean hasn’t forgotten, his boner deflating. “Can I tell you tomorrow, please?”
“Two reasons, one, have you not seen yourself?  Even from afar, the alphas think you’re stunning.  Two, is that they can’t openly talk about you, so they use a nickname.”  Kevin’s voice croaks a bit.
Dean winks, “No, just lay down on the bed spread out like an X, and I will take care of everything else.”
“Thanks for the pep talk.”
As he strolls a step behind Castiel, weaving their way through the crowd, Dean’s gaze drops to his angel’s delicious hips.  The skinny jeans are borderline indecent, and they make the hunter’s mouth water.  As they reach the street and turn towards Gabriel’s apartment, Dean asks with a naughty curiosity, “When is Gabe coming home?”
Those whiskey stained eyes he loves roll back into the tiny head, “Going for an afternoon jog is not misbehaving, Dee.”
The doctor laughs loudly, “Nope, I know I got that puppy.”
“Pergola.  There is a difference, and we are there with Hannah, Crowley, Benny, Jack and maybe a few friends from Kansas.”  Cas’s eyes have a little sorrow to them.  “It’s our mating ceremony.  Where we will tell the world our claiming bites are mutual and accepted.  This is what I see when I let myself dream of you.” A naughty smirk slides into his alpha’s expression, “the cleaner version anyway.”
“Do you believe me?”  His husband’s fingers slide down his frozen arms.
A blaze of rage lashes over him as Dean throws Bela against the wall, his hands shoving her face to the side.  He growls into her ear, “What are you talking about?”  The mere mention of Cas being in danger has his vision going red.
Striding away with confidence, he makes a dash for his room.  His world is crashing around him, and Dean can’t even confront anyone without a goddamned appointment.  Fuckers.
Dean places his lips near the shell of Castiel’s ear, “Please, Cas, he’s not worth being separated from me.”
“Makes sense actually,” Dean concurs, not to mention he still needs to warm up to the idea of stuffing Cas in a box. All the boxes are the same size but not that big, like it’s going to take some weird pretzel thing to get a grown ass man inside.  “While we have the time tell me what’s best to do.”
The two brothers are sprinting across the drive, heading for the dining hall.  Crowley had the caretakers transform the space into a fabulous party room.  “Meg is pregnant with my baby.  I would never fuck her into the mattress.”  Sam winks as they climb the steps into the main building, “I made love to her for hours while you went hunting with the crew.”
Castiel gently tugs Dean closer, the alpha resting his forehead on Dean’s shoulder.  They continue to rock in a circle.  Dean should be embarrassed.  He’s dancing in the rain.  “Fuck it.”  Dean whispers to the universe as he slides his hand over Cas’s leading the man in an awesome two step.
“Do you think maybe it’s sleeping?” he asked his brother, not daring to raise his voice above a whisper.
“Sam,” he hissed out, letting his voice be loud enough that Sam should hear him, but low enough that others couldn’t.
Big thank you to Dogsled who, despite the storms, was not only my alpha reader but my beta as well. ♥
the egg? You want to destroy an unborn life?”
“You know I hate trying to talk to you when you’re like this. Come on, change back.”
“You must be mistaken.”
“Uh…,“ Dean said after sharing a nervous look with Sam, “that’s weird because I saw your brother shift into a huge fucking dragon a couple of times. And that Meg woman, she could also shift into a dragon, a pretty ugly one though. We didn’t think it was so uncommon or we woulda mentioned it sooner.”
Rather than explain, Dean approached the wall, carefully reaching his hand out toward it. Where the reflection ended, though, the wall opened up to empty air, and Dean lifted his torch to shine light into the darkness.
Sam and Dean were now ducked behind two chairs, only eyes and noses poking up to watch behind their improved shields. “You think we should tell them the egg is starting to move?” Sam whispered.
he was not thinking about. Nope!
dragons.”
Others? Dean searched his brain and recalled the hot breath that was pumping in and out of the cave’s entrance when they first arrived. Since Cas was in human form when they found him there was no way it could have been him generating that wind. There must be other prisoners here. Were they all ones that had been turned into dragons like Castiel? Or were there other monsters lurking nearby? Sam could be in danger.
“Cas?”
Sam and Eileen had first gone to visit a friend of hers, a 29-year-old hunter, Alexander, who she had met ten years ago, when she helped him with a case, and since then they had become close friends. He grew up in a hunter family, but when his parents retired from hunting, he wanted to continue. When they met Xand, they were introduced to his husband, Leo. Turns out the 27-year-old hunter was an old acquaintance of the Winchester family. John Winchester had been an old friend of Leo’s father, and although Leo no longer had a relation to his father, he had been delighted to meet Sam again. They had been living on the road for the past three years, and when they were offered to make the bunker a home-base, they didn’t hesitate for a second.
«Yeah. It's no big deal.» His shaky voice, however, told another story. He’d never shared a bed with Cas before, but oh, how many times he’d wanted to. Long nights spent awake, alone in bed, only imagining the angel beside him. He hoped that Cas didn’t notice how flustered he’d suddenly become as he moved to the bathroom. Closing the door behind him, Dean sank against it as he released a shaky breath.
“Oh, really?”
“They are always touching or standing close to each other. It’s like they’re two magnets drawn to each other, no force keeping them apart.” Alex was just as confused as Zane looked.
At his words, Dean was suddenly wide awake as he stared at Cas, a shy smile on his lips as he avoided Dean's eyes.
«It shows. It looks good on you. On both of you. It´s been a long time since I’ve seen you this… alive.»
life too. I've never seen my brother be the way he is when he is with Cas. At first, they were simply best friends, and eventually, Cas became family, but then something changed. Something changed around the time they were lost in purgatory together. I don't know what, but he was different when he came back. Dean came back alone, and I’ve never seen him that broken. And then Cas returned. And it was as if Dean had regained the spark of life. Like he had found his reason for living again.»
Dean quietly makes his way down the hallway, the bunker bathed in calm and silent darkness. He’d waited in the dark of his room until everyone had gone to bed, which had taken longer than he expected as they were so many. People had arrived from all over the past couple of days making the bunker feel more alive than ever before.
“I won’t let go if you don’t.”
, that Sam sometimes almost forgot that they had finally gotten together. They’d always been close, inseparable. The looks were the same, a longing for the other shining brightly. The way they seemed to always be touching somehow, or at least be so close that they could touch. The way they always seemed more alive when in the presence of the other.
Having stepped around Dean, Cas took in the room, seeing only one empty bed. «I... I can sleep on the floor. It's no problem.»
“I need to say something, too,” Dean says as he pulls away from the kiss. But not from Cas. Their lips are still so close that Dean can almost feel Cas’s as he speaks. “You can’t just do something like that, man. You can’t just tell me you love me, that you want me. And then disappear from me.”
«You can’t be serio..»
«I just… I don’t… What if…»
, like that. I’ve barely even seen anyone grieve their wife, or husband, like that. So no, Dean. You´ve never managed to hide how you feel towards Cas. And he never managed to hide how he feels about you either.»
«Not enough.» Backing up slowly, Dean pulls Cas with him by the collar of his hoodie. His back pressed to the wall behind him, Dean pulls his angel as close as he can, to kiss him again. His lips seem to scream for contact with the other man's lips all day long, even when he wakes in the middle of the night, his first thoughts are of kissing his angel. His name is always the last word on Dean's lips as he falls asleep at night, his lips still longing for the other's lips. His name always the first word on his lips as Deans wakes in the morning. He no longer dreads walking in the mornings, knowing that his first word of the day will be answered with the whisper of his own name, a deep and rasping voice close to his ear.
“I should hold on tight to you then.” As to emphasize his words, Cas pulls him even closer, brushing his nose against Dean’s. “So you don’t fall.”
They both hold their breaths as Dean leans down the rest of the way, closing the distance between their lips. Cas didn’t know it could feel like this. A simple touch of the lips on some else’s. It’s nothing like hands touching. Nothing like an embrace. He’s thought about kissing Dean countless times, but actually getting to kiss him...
The room erupts in cheerful celebrations as all their friends and family raises from their seats. Still, Dean only has eyes for Cas. And Cas only has eyes for Dean. When they pull back from the kiss, they share a sweet, gentle, and loving smile as they rest their foreheads together.
that one can’t really compare it. I believe the term often used is “soulmates”, but not even that is enough of a word for what you are to each other. It wasn’t really hard to see. I might not have really understood you two, I never knew one without the other, but when you told me how he was taken, I saw it all perfectly clear, like a bright star on a dark and empty night sky.»
, the two of you, you simply
His body hitting Cas’s like a sinking ship as he embraces him.
Thank you so much to everyone reading, commenting, and leaving kudos, I really appreciate it!<3
“Wow.” It’s only a whisper as Dean breathlessly pulls away, smiling down at Cas. Eyes bright.
«Definitely. But we should probably be on our way soon.» Dean smiles, giving his man one last kiss before they start to rise from their comfortable positions.
time.
«Yes, he’s ready.» Sam stands to walk over to his girlfriend, kissing her gently before turning back to Dean, looking expectantly at him.
And when Dean can’t stand it any longer, he closes the distance.
“Come on, let’s get you checked up.”
But he didn’t have to.
“You called?” A voice suddenly speaks from behind Dean. When he raises and turns around he almost falls to the ground again. In front of Dean, another Dean is standing in the darkness. Same face. Same clothes as he’s wearing himself at the moment.
Those nights, when they find and heal each other again, and again, every pain and suffering is taken away. Every concern and feelings of anxiety left outside the door. Every fear and dismay are forgotten. The only thing remembered is their bodies and their touches, their words, and their love. Souls bleeding heavy for the other, just so they can be healed as one.
“Don’t ever leave me again.”
“You really do know everything, huh?”
«Don´t apologize, Dean. You have nothing to apologize for.»
this is probably shitty but this is my therapy now, so if you´ve read this far, thank you!
!” It’s barely a whisper but the way Cas says his name it sounds like a scream.
Sam had smiled so wide when Jack showed it to them in the morning, that the smile would have reached all the way around his head if possible.
Stretching his neck to give the other better access, his own hand moves to his black hair, while the other lightly scratch at Cas´s back. Beneath his fingers he can feel the chill it sends through his body, but Cas keeps kissing his neck, not letting go of Dean. Slowly he pushes Dean forward so he’s laying with his back against the hood of his car. Only held up by the welcoming force of Cas´s body atop his. His hand no longer at the back of his head, but moving down down down, slipping under his shirt where cold fingers find warm skin, its Deans turn to shiver at the touch. Unable to do anything as he feels his whole body reacting to the touches, Dean closes his eyes, breathing heavily.
Dean doesn’t really know when his feelings for the angel started to change, or if they had just been there all along, but he was too stupid to see it. But, he remembers when he first thought the thought. That he might be
It's not Dean.
Exhausted, they sit there in silence, taking in the sight of each other, the dog sitting between the two of them clearly enjoying being cuddled by them both until they hear footsteps approaching them.
The eyes are wrong.
Dean has felt his soul. Loved his soul.
Sam takes his arm, leading him to the table and makes him sit down.
(See the end of the chapter for
Although they've been together for a couple of weeks now, just the two of them living in a bubble where the rest of the world doesn’t exist, Cas sometimes thinks he has to be dreaming. No one is so lucky as to get everything they have ever wished for when that wish is something as monumental as Dean Winchester.
«You’re gonna kill me Cas,» Dean says between heavy breaths, not sure if the dizziness is from lack of air, or because of the man half laying on top of him. «But please don’t stop.»
Opening the door quietly he stepped into the dimly lit motel room. Sam was asleep on one of the
Carefully he raised his lips to Dean's forehead, gently kissing him as his hand still gently rested atop his head. Fingers dancing through his beautiful light hair.
He did it. He found a way. He is going to him.
«Dean, I’m here.» At the sound of Cas’s voice coming from his phone, his heart stopped beating. «I’m hurt... can you let me in?»
“Cas... what?” At the look Dean gives him, it’s Cas’s turn to panic, uncomfortably shifting against the car.
Back in the dark of the empty warehouse, the light is gone.
Sometimes they sleep in Dean's room.
«It…» he chuckles as he finally meets Dean's eyes. «It seems that the small portion of grace you left with me, is not as easy to control as when I’m fully powered up. It is... Uhm... I believe it’s so little that I have no control over it, and it might act on its own will when I experience... Uhm... strong emotions. So, it does things like that sometimes.»
The sound of his laugh.
“For two seconds, just shut up, please!” Cas finally goes quiet as Dean pushes himself away from the car to stand in front of Cas. “What did you say?”
. However, sometimes the happiness in their eyes was the only indication that anything had changed between them. The kissing was new, the giggling, tight embraces, cuddling. But... they were so
Cas kisses Dean's knuckles before letting go of his hand, exiting the car. Dean follows and as they meet in front of the impala, Cas is smiling brightly.
Cas has lived for longer than humanity is capable of imagining. He has seen it all, lived it all. Been all over the world, in heaven, in hell.
«Dean. You can talk to me.» Jack reaches across the table and softly rests a hand on Deans's shoulder. «You can talk to me about him.»
The younger Winchester stares at them with a questioning look when no one elaborates, too caught up in each other. Win a short, “I’m gonna go tell Eileen and Jack” Sam leaves the room again.
All of it.
«And Cas.» He leans against the side of the car, turning to face her fully.
“Here, change into these. They are way more comfortable than that suit of yours. I’ll go find you something to eat and drink. I’ll be right back.” He seems nervous, voice shaky as he speaks, not wanting to meet Cas’s eyes this time. But as he reaches the door Dean hesitates, looking back to Cas.
«What are you doing here?» His arm goes around Dean's neck as he smiles sweetly at Dean and buries his other hand in Dean's hair.
«No, I didn’t... but how…?»
“Well the first thing you ever did was steal my heart, so...” the stunned look on Cas’s face makes him laugh again, earning a small and sweet smile from Cas too.
Dean was his home.
Dean. «I found you. I finally found you.»
Dean.
The room was bigger than the ones they’d usually stayed at, but there was still only two beds, Sam was sound asleep in the one closest to the window.
The nickname still made Dean chuckle, even sometimes painting his face red as he smiles at the ground. Turning around in his arms, Cas face him, pulling him closer. Dean locking him in an embrace, reaching his hands up Cas’s back, trailing their way underneath his white and black plaid winter jacket, and then finding their way under his dark green hoodie. Or, Dean's hoodie really. After becoming human, Cas had been living in them, almost refusing to wear anything else. He loved Dean´s soft and slightly oversized hoodies, especially when they smelled like Dean. So, he´d sometimes make Dean wear them first, and Dean seemed to really like Cas´s T-shirt, so it was a fair trade.
«Cas.» Always, the first words on his lips. Always answered with the angel's own first words.
I don't know if anyone is even reading this? if so, thank you!
«Hello, Cas.»
“I could’ve killed you.”
Thank you so much for reading <3
Even the thought of putting words to his feelings scares him, but as Cas lays down beside him, he wishes he wasn’t such a coward.
“Cas.”
“I’m sorry Dean. I don’t want to make you uncomfortable.”
Dean growls from beside him, drawing Cas’s attention to him. Half in shock, they just lay there on the floor, staring at the other's eyes. Neither fully believing they made it out. Together.
“Ehm. Everything?” Zane was frowning at the table.
In the distance.
«Okay. Good night.» Sam gives Dean a look he’s not sure how to intrepid, but before he can think too much of it, his brother has turned towards the motel, walking away from the car.
«Dean, seriously. He walked through hell for you. He gave up an army. He rebelled against heaven. He
Eileen smiles sadly at him, understanding perfectly what he means.
As he moves towards the light, Dean can hear Cas’s voice all around him.
And closes his eyes.
«I just... I didn’t answer him. I just stood there. And I’ve been so ashamed about that ever since. I couldn’t tell you how I fucked up that one thing.»
His lips.
Castiel Winchester, woken by his angel grace, to kiss his husband one last time. Lovingly holding on to the man beside him, he rests their heads together on the pillow, his cheek still wet from the tear that broke free. No pain. No fear. Nothing left undone. Nothing left unsaid. Castiel Winchester’s heart beats one last time, for his man, at 5:59 am.
But, his absolute favorite place to be kissed, Dean had learned, was on the little, now almost invisible, scar on his neck. The faint line of raised skin, on the middle of his neck, where Dean had cut him with an angel blade to extract his grace. That had also become Dean's favorite place to kiss him, the slightest chill that went through Cas whenever Dean kissed him there. The little moan that would escape his lips, the way his hands always raised to the top of Dean's head, gripping his hair tightly. The way the angel seemed to freeze up, not able to function for a couple of seconds after Dean placed a gentle kiss there.
He shakes his head.
“Cas. Let me speak. You said all those things to me that night, and I didn’t even get the chance to say anything back.”
And then Dean had found him. Saved him.
But. It's what’s in front of him that scares Sam the most. Eileen too.
but watching Cas like this… he has never seen anything cuter. «You sure as hell know how to take a man stargazing.»
A single tear escapes from Cas’s eye, finding its way down his face. Their bedroom still echoing their last words before they went to sleep. Their sweet and gentle “I love you” still lingering on their lips. Cas knows why his last remaining grace woke him at this moment. He’s felt it coming for a few days, and Dean, always able to read Cas, knew too. Now he moves the hand he had been resting on Dean's abdomen, towards his chest. Gently laying it above his heart, Cas can feel the necklace with a small glass ball that always rests against Dean’s chest.
Dean couldn’t get enough of Cas´s sweet touches. And neither could Cas.
Goodbye, Dean.
Miracle comes running down the hall at the sound of Dean´s sleepy voice. Sam reaches down to scratch his head and places a kiss at the top of his head before slightly opening the bedroom door again. Miracle slips through it and Sam can hear him jumping onto the bed. As Sam turns to head to the bathroom he hears Dean laughing quietly in his room. The bunker is peacefully quiet.
Sam had never before seen neither of them so
And Dean still won’t let him ride shotgun which seems to annoy him even more. When he tried to get in the passenger seat yesterday, Dean gave him an unimpressed and slightly dark look until he rolled his eyes and moved to the back seat.
Soon they arrive at a small clearing atop a small cliff. Dean parks the car in the middle of the cleaning, turning off the car, cutting off the soft tones.
“Will you stay?”
This silence made up for it.
«I have faith.»
Told him that he loved him too.
The feeling wrapped around him no longer present.
He tosses and turns, restless, wide awake, dead tired. He knows what is bugging him but he doesn’t know if he dares to do anything with it. After an hour of just staring at the darkness, he can’t stand it anymore, so he rises from his bed and heads down the hallway. He stands outside the door, not knowing what to do, for a long time.
Still, the memory of Dean dying in his arms, stings somewhere in the back of his mind, not being able to let it go. The fact that he had dreamt the same thing three nights in a row, was too much of a coincidence to not mean something. Especially if your last name is Winchester.
He’d never been as broken as now.
Memories of everything they had been through together.
Cas can feel tears on his face. But he’s not sure if they are his own, or Deans. Or both. He’s not sure how much time passes, as they both lose themselves in the embrace. Dean's hand finds its way to Cas’s hair, pulling them even closer to each other as Dean runs his hand through the dark and soft hair.
«Oh, God… Sammy, calm down.»
Dean.
“You see the thing is... Recently I’ve... Well, there’s someone I... I sort of like someone and I’m totally screwing this up but I seriously don’t know how to say this.” He’s nervously rambling, his hands restlessly moving around. Turning his face away from Cas, his eyes search for something to rest upon. “What I’m trying to say...”
Rolling his eyes, Dean twists to show off the gun in his waistband.
The answer comes in a slap to the wood before him.  A long, thin clear plastic bag crammed with piles of money appears.  “The cash bidding lasts five minutes past the lottery name announcement.”  She shoves the bag towards him yelling, “Run! Castiel, my love, don’t leave your future to others.”
Before Castiel can respond, he sees Gadreel at the door ready to leave.  “Keep your phone on you.”
Their Uncle Bobby’s home has always felt safe to Dean.  Full of dust and cluttered with more books than a library, it’s where the omega fell in love with classic stories and history.  He was 12 when they were brought to the older alpha’s doorstep after the house fire took their parents' lives.  The only two things they have left of Mary and John Winchester is a 1967 Black Chevy Impala and the guitar that was in Baby’s trunk that fateful night.
He expects her to fight him, but she simple sighs, “Come out when you’re ready.”
“Well, she left that to us.”  A soft, perplexed, growl slips from his alpha’s mouth.  Dean playfully slaps his alpha’s bicep.  “These are the papers from our baby’s bio-alpha.  They have been signed; all we have to do is choose whether we want to know before Meg takes them to the lawyer’s office.”
Crowley nods but before he responds Dean shouts, “No!  That’s not what we decided.  Crowley can figure it out; he has friends.”  He whips around, his voice cracking, “Don’t you have friends that can help you?”
A few minutes pass as Emma hands over a fourth doll, her gaze remains low.
Dean feels like he’s suffocating in a coffin made of his own poor choices. He’s clawing at the imaginary wooden box, struggling to break free. His throat is flaring in pain as he tries to swallow. Nausea violently racking his body so maliciously he shakes.
A swift kiss to her forehead, then Dean leans back against the wall. “And burn your chances of conceiving?”
Always one to follow through Castiel thrusts into him with amazing precision. Dean’s fingers stroke against his dick enticing him to dangle on the precipice of a climax. Cas’s mouth flows down his neck, latching onto a nipple.
Dean’s eyes go wide, “And the lube?  Where the hell did we leave the good stuff?”  There may have been a slight panic in his voice since tonight Cas is playing catcher for the first time.  He refuses to cause his husband any discomfort.  “I’m not doing it with Vaseline.”
“Dean, what if we got the replacement from somewhere else?”
The omega’s world crashes in on him.
Dean stands silent as he watches Cas fidget in front of Lucifer’s club. Hannah is next to them and Cole is with the car, thank God. His dom is visibly anxious about entering, but Dean’s not sure how much he should push.
“Penny for your thoughts?”  The Omega opens his eyes to find bright blue irises staring back.
Sammy hugs him tight, and the embrace is calming to Dean’s nerves.
«You can’t really see it from anywhere. It’s hidden from the road, and the dirt road is almost impossible to find if you’re not looking for it, or knows it’s there.» When they had driven off the main road they had come to a side road going through the forest. They’d driven for almost five minutes into the forest when Cas had finally spotted the dirt road, and even though he knew it was there, even he had almost missed it. Dean had been very skeptical of driving down that road, mainly because of the car, at least that was what he claimed. But he had listened to Cas and continued down the dirt road for another five minutes. “Even when I knew it was here, this little cliff with the most amazing view, and tried to spot it, it’s completely invisible.»
Dean has seen all of him. Loved all of him.
The eyes are wrong.
Family.
«To be honest, I don’t really know the rules myself… But, I think, maybe we should stop doing what we’ve been doing all these years. Instead of hiding everything, hiding how we feel, we should talk about it. Figure it out.»
He wants to fall asleep like this, forever. Falling asleep to the steady rhythm of a heart beating, a sound so beautiful in a silence so beautiful. His head resting against Cas´s bare chest, resting against his heart, Dean can hear his heartbeats.
«Definitely. If not we’ll find another place.» He smiles at his best friend, taking in his beautiful face as his blue eyes search the town in front of them. He’s still staring when Cas turns his head towards him, meeting his eyes. Dean can feel his face turn slightly red as he was caught staring. Again.
“Of course. Snorri Sturluson is one of the greatest historians and poets there is. He was a great man, a brave man. ’Bravery is half the victory.’”
«It's not something you can borrow. It's something you do. Just like everything you do, you do for the love of your people.» The words stab Dean in the chest like an invisible knife. He flinches at the words that sound so much like the words he keeps repeating in his mind. He tries to hide it, but Jack notices, which evokes a deep and concerned look on their face. «What is it, Dean? Did I do something, or say something?»
It's not.
«No, Cas. Let me say it.» The next words are like a punch in his gut. A pain so severe Cas wants to let it break him. «I love you, Castiel. I love you too. I have since the moment I met you. I love you.»
Moving towards the light he feels a calm settle over him that he has never felt before. The light moves around him, settling around him. The bright light is tied with feelings of peace and love. Feelings surrounding him in the form of invisible threads and strings of light.
Jack came and went whenever they could, joining them for dinner in the bunker, movie nights in the living room. Jack didn’t stay for long, as they were busy rebuilding heaven, fixing what Chuck had ruined or broken. Making a better world. Sam couldn’t be more proud. The world was safe, in the hands of a God with a heart as good as Jacks.
“I’m sorry if I’ve just ruined everything.”
“Not everything. Not the things that matter.”
“Cas, listen...”
this early. Cas, fluent in every language, is of course also an expert in ASL. Sam is still learning, and although he knows a little bit, he isn't an expert, so he’s glad at least someone is. They’d found they had a lot of common interest, so Cas and Eileen have become very good friends after Cas got back, and both Dean and Sam couldn’t be happier about it.
But. It’s still the wrong eyes. Still the wrong shade of green shining like a star in an ocean of empty darkness.
Dean never joined them on any hunts though. He didn’t have the need for it anymore. He had, however, applied to a mechanic job in town. He was to start working at the garage next week. After the first week, two hunters joined them and then two more the week after that. Zane and Henrietta, moved into the bunker, while the others, Aiko and Mariana, lived between the bunker and the town, only a ten-minute drive in each direction. Through the spreading network, Sam and Eileen have been in contact with a whole bunch of hunters. Sometimes hunters would come to visit, some staying only a short time, others longer. The two of them had managed to do so much in just a small amount of time. Dean is so proud of his brother for what he’s done, and what he will do.
“That’s good,” Dean answers as he pulls Cas closer to hug him tighter than ever, burying his face in his neck. Never wanting to ever let go of him again. “Because. I want to live. I want to love. And I think I’m ready. To live a life to love. And there is no one else I love more than you.”
It is mostly just the Shadow, as Dean, yelling at Cas. Yelling at him for everything he has ever done wrong. All the awful things he has done. The things Cas regret.
And then he is taken by emptiness.
Jack turns their eyes back towards the horizon.
. “At least late, you were still gone when we went to bed... when did you come home last night?”
“Everything alright?”
“It’s nothing really...”
«And I love every single part of you. There isn’t a single thing that I don’t love about you.»
Their kisses a safe haven.
Slowly pulling back from his kisses, Dean stares at the angel, a satisfied smile playing on his lips as Cas slowly opens his eyes to search for where the soft lips went. Faces still close, they share a long look, just staring at each other with a loving look so familiar for both, and yet neither of them has been able to see it for what it was, before now.
Laying down in bed, they hold around each other, no space left between them. Dean thought he knew what happiness was. But nothing has ever been able to even compare to what he feels in this moment. This happiness. This joy. This safety. This love.
. A new feeling entirely. A feeling he welcomes with open arms.
. You can hide all of you, everything. But, Dean. The way you’ve been looking at Cas all this time. The way the two of you act around each other. That is something you’ve never been able to hide. I’ve basically been the third wheel for a decade. And then when…» Sam pauses as he looks to the floor, setting down the books. He leans against the wall behind him before meeting Dean's eyes. «When you’ve lost Cas. When Cas died, so did you.»
«He told you. Didn’t he? And judging by the regret that’s written all over your heart and the grief of your soul, I guess you didn’t get the chance to tell him?» At that Dean finally meets their eyes, his own going wide at the realization that Jack knew.
For Castiel, the world was created for him to meet Dean. Everything that has happened has led him into the arms of the only being Cas has ever truly loved. He would give anything for the man, he
«Ehm, sorry, I… I was just coming to tell you, breakfasts ready in twenty minutes.» Sam half-smiles as he turns to close the door. Relief filling his body as he realizes it was just a bad dream.
Now, by a look in Dean´s eyes, and the way he said his name, Cas knew this was, once again, the Shadow who had come back to torture Cas.
“What are you talking about, man?” Dean sits back on his heels. Hands resting limply in his lap.
When he and Dean had been trapped in the bunker, Death banging on the door, he knew he had to save his Dean. He had to save him, or he would never be able to live with himself. He didn’t know if it would actually work, but he knew that his feelings for Dean were so strong that even just saying the words out loud, would make him happy.
“Then why haven’t you kissed me yet?”
Bringing their lips together, kissing his angel for the first time.
He’s seen beauty, all wonders of the world, joy, love, peace, goodness.
“Hey, Cas.” He smiles as Cas opens his eyes again and strongly grips Dean’s arm. Resting his palm against his arm, where, once upon a time, the same hand had left a burning scar.
meant, not just existing, but
“You should, but you’re way too late if you wanted to keep me from falling.”
for it. And now it is all his. When Cas notices how Dean's eyes have teared up, he leans close and kisses him gently.
“CAS! Will you just shut up for one second?!”
Falling asleep in Cas´s arms for the first time, Dean decides that he never wants to fall asleep alone again.
«You were everything together. Best friends, yes. Family, yes. But also something more. No one looks at their best friend like the longing looks you give each other. No one loves their family the way you love each other. You and Sam, Cas and Sam; that’s so different from
Exhausted and
That stupidly cute and adorable smile.
Dean interrupts him again.
Cas deserved to live. To love.
«Shit…» Dean pulled his phone from his jacked, seeing a missed call from his brother. When Dean hadn’t picked up, he’d sent him a text instead.
(See the end of the chapter for
All these memories were taken from them as they slept. As they slept peacefully and safe, Dean in Cas´s arms, and Eileen in Sam´s arm. They were all safe, happy, and loved, and that’s when their mind raced through these happy memories. Jack just happened to be standing outside their rooms, harvesting the loved and treasured memories of feelings, and feelings of memories.
Finally home.
«Yeah,» Sam smiles at that. They’ve never talked about it before, and yet she understands it’s completely. Because it’s something that anyone can see when looking g at the hunter and the angel. «I didn’t understand it at first, but when I first saw it, I couldn’t help but not see it. It was in everything he did. Everything they did. The longing looks they shared. The careful words. Even the fighting and the harsh words. It was all there. When Cas died, we both lost him, but I also lost Dean. It was as if he had just given up, and he was slowly falling apart, falling from life. And then Cas returned, and once again Dean was
Leaning their foreheads together, Dean smiles down at Cas softly as he closes his eyes, holding on to his angel. When Cas stands up, he tightens his arms around Dean, not wanting to let go, gently brushing their lips together in the whisper of a kiss, Cas smile at the feel of his man finally in his arms.
“Don’t. Don’t let go just yet.” So Cas falls back against Dean's shoulder, breathing a little easier now.
knowing we are going somewhere. Knowing we have each other.»
He had almost told him. Dean had almost told Cas that he loved him, more than once. But in the end, he hadn’t. He wishes he had.
(See the end of the chapter for
All of it, was worth it, just to be able to lay in bed next to Dean, watching him as peaceful as ever, sleeping with his head resting on Cas´s chest. He’d do it all a thousand times, just to be able to lay here at this moment, counting the freckles on his face, waiting for him to open his green eyes so that Cas once again can look into the greatest wonder ever created in the whole universe. Nothing is as beautiful as those freckles. Nothing is as beautiful as those green eyes.
«Hey! None of that. Come on Dean.» At the look Charlie gives him, Dean doesn’t dare to lean in, so he reluctantly drags his arm away from its safe place around the former angel. As he has moved away from him, Cas buries his head in the pillows, getting comfortable again and most likely soon asleep again.
Heart beating too fast.
Shattered.
“Nothing. No gossip. Just some boring old Nordic texts.” The words fly out of Cas way too quickly to be subtle, and by the look Dean gives him, panic raises and Cas is quick to his feet. “I’m... I’m gonna go see if I can find a copy of The Elder Edda, I think you’ll enjoy that one Sam.”
“Right...”
“I love you too, Dean.” He hadn’t realized how loudly he’d screamed the words inside his head, but Cas heard him. The words that were only meant for him.
Walking up to the door to their room, Dean is ready for a good night's sleep. The case had turned slightly ugly today, and after treating himself with pizza and pie, he was ready to fall asleep, safely tucked into his lovers' arms.
“Cas.” Dean leans closer and whispers his name. “
Dean doesn’t know why he even bothered with bringing the stupid car here since Cas didn’t care enough to fix it. But Dean had still brought it home. He hasn’t touched it since he parked it there, but now he almost wants to start fixing it up again, just to be able to have something to do, something that still felt like Cas. That’s probably why he had it here, to have something of Cas’s. It’s stupid really, but now he’s glad he did. It almost makes him smile as he leaves the impala.
“I didn’t know if you could hear me.”
For years and years, Cas had believed his feelings to be his, and his alone. He knew Dean cared about him, but he never dared to think that he might feel the same way. Cas had believed that Dean loved him as a brother, and nothing more. He didn’t believe he could love a creature like Cas, a being like him. So he had never said a word. Never acted upon it. Although at times, that was all he had wanted to do. But he never did.
. Just exist. Just live. So they had cleaned the room, set up a huge cornered-couch against one wall, and a large flat-screen television against the opposite wall. They’d brought in two cozy armchairs in the far corner, with some small bookshelves decorating the wall behind them. It felt like home in here. Like a home where people lived. They had finally made a home.
“You wouldn’t dare...”
“The way they look at each other.” Aiko pointed at Sam, stealing his attention. “It’s fucking crazy that they aren’t together when they look at each other so intensely.”
Dean was the first to wake in the morning. He’d been slipping in and out of sleep all night, and yet, he felt like he hadn’t slept this good in a long time. He could feel a blush spreading all through his body as he realized how close he had moved to Cas sometime during the night.
«Come on, let's get some sleep. I think we have deserved it.»
«Yeah…» Dean laughs as he watches Cas slowly wake. Dean never thought he would find another man
Those were usually his first words to Dean.
After Sam had closed the door, and Miracle had taken his place by Dean side in the bed, he laid there in the dark of his bedroom, staring at the empty side of his bed, and at the chair that sat in the corner.
«I love you.» He says kissing him between each time he says the words, making Cas smile so wide he lights up the dark that the exploded lamp above them left. «I love you. I love you. I love you.»
He could feel tears streaming down his face as he smiled into the kiss. Deepening the kiss and tightening his grip on the angel.
He didn’t mean to eavesdrop, but when Cas was on his way past one of the storage rooms in the bunker, looking for Dean he could hear him talking inside the room. Cas knows one shouldn’t overhear other’s conversations, but something about the way was talking made Cas stop and listen.
“It was pretty pleasurable. Wouldn’t mind repeating it.” Cas mumbles to Dean as he chews with his mouth full.
Cas didn't deserve to die. He deserved to live. If anyone deserved to die, it was Dean, not Cas.
A whole new kind of silence takes hold of their bedroom. Cas gently closes the small distance between their lips, their lips finding each other
But... Dean can’t look away. He can’t turn away. He knows what happens with humans who lay their eyes on a true angel form, but he’s still standing. His feelings are telling him he is safe, that Cas won’t hurt him. Cas might think he can, but Dean knows it won’t happen.
«Talk to me, Sam. I’m worried about Dean too, and I hope he finds a way, soon, to bring him back. But I hate seeing you worried, so if it would help to maybe talk about it? Then talk to me, love.» This woman is way too good for this world, Sam thinks, wondering how he got so lucky to get to know her.
But it can’t touch them. Dean smiles at it.
«You stupid son of a bitch, Cas!»
A kiss unlike any other, neither of them have ever had.
“But you didn’t. You saved me. In more ways than one.”
«But… you
Cas believed his days were past, that he would spend the rest of eternity sleeping in the Empty. But he woke, and that’s when the Shadow made sure to torture him. He hadn’t known why he had started to wake, but he suspected that the man beside him had something to do with it. He couldn't hear his words when he was lost in the void, but an unrecognizable feeling had lingered around him. He recognized the feeling when Dean came close, pulling him into his arms. It was Dean. The feeling. It was Dean. Always Dean.
Holding the fear in his hands, the places he touches is turned to love.
The love. Dean and Cas.
«I know it's not Dean. And you know I know that.» At that, the figure starts to change. A black emptiness takes hold of Dean's body, and then the Shadow is standing in front of Cas.
«I don't really care. I just want you.» Dean takes a hold of his shirt, Cas´s arms reaching up for him to pull it all the way off.
«We could, but I’m not giving up my spot. He just wants you all to himself and I am not gonna let him have you.» Pulling Cas close to his chest, away from Mir, Dean teasingly smiles at the dog as Mir tries to make Cas hold him again. «You can have him while I’m at work, Mir. And we can share him when I get home. But at night, he’s all mine.»
«Did we stay here all night?» Cas mumbles quietly against his neck, his nose trailing soft paths along his neck, eyes now closed against the day.
The alarm on the nightstand goes off as the clock ticks to 08:00. A deep growl comes from the sleepy figure, as Dean slams his hand down on the alarm clock and a head appears from underneath the blankets. Still half asleep, Dean lifts his head and looks at his brother.
Sam is still smiling when he and Eileen get home. Parking the car, Sam can see that the impala hasn’t been moved, at all. Dean would often use the garage as a calming place. Fixing up his car, or another. He would retreat to the garage if he became too restless, not able to do anything, especially the times he’d lost someone. Lost Cas. But no one has been in the garage since they left.
«I… It's just... I…» Dean, not able to formulate words places his elbows on top of the open books on the table, hiding his face in his hands.
But this time, not with words.
“They aren’t.” Sam chuckled as he watched the two others sitting at the table.
A real, and loving family.
Sitting in the impala, besides Dean on dark nights like this, driving down the road, often nowhere as a destination. Cas could do this forever, as long as he had Dean beside him.
He’d found the place one of the days he had been exploring the forest. It’s not far from the bunker, but Cas had walked for hours through the forest, listening to the birds singing. Daydreaming about nothing and everything, when he stumbled on to it on his way back home.
Dean almost feels bad leaving the kitchen with that tone, but he knows his brother knows. And that almost makes it even worse. Almost.
Dean had never hated a silence the way he hated the one Cas’s absence had left in his life.
When they went into town yesterday, he and Cas had eaten lunch at a diner, sitting close to each other, their hands knitted together on the table. Smiles as bright as the sun, if not brighter, when they looked at each other. No one knew them there, so when Dean leaned over and kissed Cas, no one even spared them a second look.
The reason he hadn’t told his brother, might have more to do with the fact that he was a little scared. Because, as always, talking about his feelings scared him. It made him vulnerable. And Sam was his baby brother, who he had watched over all his life. Had raised him. It didn’t feel natural to be vulnerable in front of his little brother. He was the oldest, the one who should watch over his brother and protect him, so he was a little uncomfortable with showing emotions. But he was trying to be better. Trying to open more up and make himself more vulnerable. Like he was with Cas. Because Cas was the only one who had seen all of him, knew everything. And although he didn’t want other people than Cas to have such power over him, knowing everything, he found that he just recently had begun wanting to be learned more. Wanting others to see
«Okay… Ehm… Dean, I wanted to ask you something.» Dean can feel his whole body tensing up at the words, knowing that if Sam asks about
When darkness fell outside the bunker that night, Sam and Eileen retreated to their bedroom, leaving Dean and Cas sitting alone in the living room that Sam had cleaned up and almost finished furnishings. Only yesterday, or really it was almost a week since he’d sat in the library alone, Dean had felt the silence as a strangling pain around him. Sucking the air from the room, his mind so far away he couldn’t even remember which one of the days alone in the bunker, his head had truly become lost.
«Dean!» Sam's voice is hoarse, as he moves. «DEAN!»
inside the car, though we were too busy to drive…” He says as he hands the fork back to Cas. Winking at him as he watches Cas take a bite of the creamy pasta salad Eileen made yesterday. As always, his eyes are glued to Cas. So there it was, so clearly visible. Those small gestures. The looks. The way they loved. “The backseat is pretty comfortable if you share it with the right person.”
As long as he had Cas in his arms.
Leo, Xand, and Mathilda would be arriving at the bunker in three days, and Taylor, Severin, and Alex would join them the day after. Sam and Eileen had been talking about bringing more hunters, but they knew they had to start small to make things right. They had, however, got the word out to other hunters, about what they wanted to do, and several others were interested in joining them in the future.
He heard them from Cas just as often as he himself uttered them. He tasted them on his lips with each kiss. His blue eyes shining and screaming the words.
“Yes, Cas. I’m trying to tell you I love you. I'm in love with you. I’ll tell you however many times you need me to, and then some. I love you, Cas. I am in love with you. I want you, and no one else. I love you too.”
They raise from the bed, and the moment they meet by the door, Dean takes Cas’s hand in his, stopping them both. Turning to face Cas, his other hand moves to the necklace he’s got tucked away under his hoodie.
“No, it’s okay Dean.”
Sometimes the tug is stronger. Sometimes the tug is only a faint feeling. Sometimes it disappears completely.
Like how Cas had a soft and ticklish spot behind his right ear, not the left one but the right one, where, when Dean kissed him gently, he would make this small adorable almost giggly sound, before leaning into the kiss.
Looking around the room, he can see that someone has turned off all the lights. The two lamps, one on each side of his bed, had been dimly lit when he fell asleep. The light in the hallway has also been turned off. And the food on his desk is long gone, not even his half-empty class has been left on his desk. Most likely Sam who had come to look for them, finding them both asleep.
