sunk in. "You... what the hell are you talking about, John?" Sherlock squinted his eyes in the darkness, trying to see at least the outline of John's features, wishing he could read them so he could see what on earth was going on in his friend's head. "For crying out loud, I'm not going to
"A nice iron edge," John agreed, warmth starting to tingle in his hands at the ease of their banter, "metallic undertones."
"Any one of those would do, John." Sherlock no longer sounded amused. His voice was entirely flat as he brought the papers he held back up to eye-level. "Regardless, I'll be sure not to look at you anymore for the remainder of the evening. I wouldn't want to make you need to leave the room every time I enter it."
Sherlock nodded imperceptibly. “Very well. Before John left to face his family – let me remind you that his father is an alcoholic, and likely a narcissistic one, as that tends to be a common trait and would explain much about John's own comparative manner with people – we discussed his choice at length, and came to the conclusion that his worry of my opinions of his family and my obvious inability to refrain from deducing each of them individually, as well as their interactions with one another, would reflect badly on his
"Does talking to him brighten your day? Do you miss him when he's not there? Do you notice little details and love even his most irritating habits?"
“John.” Sherlock was glaring at him through heavily fatigued eyes, the very picture of lethargy. “What I want to say to you can wait. It would probably be more prudent to wait until daytime anyway.”
John's eyes slid to meet Sherlock's; there was a moment of unspoken conversation,a flashback to earlier. It was not difficult to say what he said next.
Mrs. Watson turned slowly to face her son, eyes meeting his with all the trepidation of a deer faced with its predator; once again they were clear, unmoved, unreadable. Her lips curved upwards.
He smiled gently, sending a wink down in John's direction. "She's a menace with an iron. Don't let her touch anything of yours."
The older man opened his eyes and met Sherlock’s hot gaze wearily. “Though I hate to use age or the natural biology of a human being as a point of explanation, it would probably be accurate to assume that were you, say, ten or twenty years older than you are now that you would not be quite so… emotional.”
"Oh, my." Her hand was raising to her mouth, eyes wide as she stared first at John and then her husband. "Oh...
The piano began, soft and certain – apparently Mycroft had lied about his talent being rusty, the bastard – and emitting such a lovely, lulling melody that John could feel the tension in his body start to unwind, uncurling itself from his muscles, pleasant and, despite knowing nothing about classical music, undeniably beautiful. He closed his eyes and waited, knowing it was coming, an odd combination of excitement and awe flooding his veins as he attempted to brace himself for what he expected would be a pleasing experience.
"Don't get too excited," Jim said with a wink that felt slightly out of place, "as of next week your sessions go up to forty-five minutes a pop. It won't always be this easy." He walked around to John's side of the desk, extending his oddly delicate hand out again and offering John an open, warm smile; John quickly reached out with his own hand, grasping Jim's hand in his and shaking it firmly. "But you'll have two sessions next week to figure that out. Goodbye, John," his fingers squeezed John's again, dark eyes piercing, "and I look forward to seeing you again next week."
Triumphant, Sherlock gave a small, smug grin. “Just as I thought. Age doesn’t make any difference, John. Granted, if I were ordinary or what you consider to be normal I would probably have a larger influx of hormones than you currently do, however I’ve never been affected by them and I am exactly the same person as a self-confessed nineteen year as I would be if I were your assumed twenty-six year old. It changes nothing.”
"No, no, I actually think you may need to," John argued hazily, shaking his head slowly, "I think you may need to just roll that past me one more time..."
What question? John wasn't even sure. His mind would not work. "The one you asked. With the toast... the question."
, you're there, you're falling in love and there's not a damned thing you can do to stop yourself. They're the only one who can catch you and the only one you'd ever want to."
The voice that interrupted sounded horribly polite. "Please forgive me for being so thoughtless. Of course I understand that your depression is not something on which silver linings can be considered. Please accept my apologies, John."
Slowly, body aching from lying still for such an extended period of time, John clicked off of the text message and found himself composing a new message to a new recipient, his fuzzy head barely even aware of what he was doing or why; even as he saw the name he was texting he found himself simply mildly confused rather than discouraged.
"1st of June. 'Due Tramonti' by Ludovico Einaudi. Recorded piano accompaniment by Mycroft Holmes, violin by Sherlock Holmes."
Sherlock's voice was slightly slurred in the darkness, seemingly more drunk than he had been during Ring of Fire; John supposed that the alcohol had finally caught up with him after drinking so much in such a short space of time. "Is that really what you were so desperate to ask me? I was under the impression that you had more to say, or at least that's what I assumed from all your fidgeting and huffing."
Quickly he opened Sherlock’s message first, tapping to reply and hammering out a response as quickly as possible:
Frowning, Greg looked from John to Sherlock, evidently confused. "Just in time? Just in time for what?"
"Tonight I am accompanied by Lucas Halloway on the piano -" he paused as everyone applauded, a flash of impatience in his eyes as he waited for it to die down, " - and, for your pleasure, will play for you an arrangement of Ludovico's Divenire. Thank you."
John threw the phone onto his bed, letting out a groan that was closer to a yell, the little effort it took to increase his volume sapping his energy even further. Now instead of simply being exhausted he was in a bad mood, and a bad mood led to an evening of utter nothing. The frustration at his friend wouldn't last long, and soon he'd be flat on his bed, falling into a very deep, very dreamless sleep -
John gritted his teeth and said nothing. Lewis reached out with his hands and began patting him down, eyes scanning his form searchingly until he finally stopped touching the now incredibly tense pre-med student, eyes lingering on the dark stain against his shirt.
"He's only twenty, he'll be a damned good defensive player if Mendley can get his head out of his ar-"
"I'm not -" John looked at Sherlock again, hesitating. "Look, I'm not gay. I'm most definitely not gay."
She continued as if he hadn't interrupted. " -breaking into Greenwich Observatory, that intense moment outside when you grabbed his sleeve and told him that he was the only thing that wasn't
"I, err... I actually meant that I don't think I could... y'know, the strength of feeling you described, it doesn't... I don't think..."
The tips of his ears began to burn – oh, shit. That had been a quick segue. "No, not... no, I don't have a girlfriend, Mum."
The touch was so light he wasn't sure it was really there; it felt almost other-worldly, so gentle and warm and comforting even though the scent and pain alongside didn't really fit any of those words. Well. Maybe warm. Warm was familiar. Warm was constant. Warm was something John knew he could associate at least with the scent, though the pain... no, it wasn't really pain, more of a constant thrumming, a continuous throb that seemed to travel all the way from his palm and up his arm to his shoulder. It was uncomfortable. He didn't really want it anymore. No, definitely not. He felt a groggy urge to flex his fingers, that might make it better – he felt his muscles twitch, more discomfort, felt himself try to squeeze his hand into a fist...
Sherlock opened his eyes, frustration glowing across the minuscule distance between them. "No, it was... the feeling was... I don't know how to do it right, but it was
"Oh, didn't you know?" Sherlock began to poke at his almost untouched lasagne with a fork. "Greg thinks we're not in a relationship now."
grin at Sherlock using the word 'romantic' to describe it. "If that's how you want to put it, then, yeah. If we try a romantic relationship, it's not going to be the same as trying a relationship with someone of the opposite sex. I know that times are moving on and people are opening up their minds a little but I, for one, won't have a supportive family. You know that. I may not have said as much but it's fairly obvious from the way I act when faced with anything other than heterosexuality that I haven't been brought up to think it's a good thing."
The first threads of a begrudging respect started to wind their way into Sherlock's opinion of her. Yes, it was an effective approach. How irritating. "There is nothing definitive about it. He just is."
Mycroft gazed steadily back at his brother, not a flicker of emotion on his impassive visage. “I was under the impression that you came here to talk to me about that very thing.”
John forced himself to think back, squinting his eyes and looking away until he could pull back the memory and realign the words on his tongue. "Oh."
So he had dumped notebook and bag down by the side of his desk and shucked off his trainers, shuffling over to the bed and crawling back into it. He didn't sleep – instead he found himself staring up at the ceiling with his mind beginning to spin a mile a minute, none of his thoughts really taking hold so that he could at least think about
John did not miss a beat, not wanting to make the dinner awkward – well, more awkward than it already was. He did not look over to the cause of the awkwardness, instead taking another sip of the crisp white wine and shaking his head. "Oh, well, I'm sure Dad's proud too -"
, and back into the logical and considerably less emotional version that he was far more used to. It was a relief, in some ways, to have that distance put between them; though John made no effort to hide the fact that he was inherently drawn to Sherlock in a physical way (something that was still unfamiliar, though possibly even more tempting because of that) he was relatively sure that if Sherlock had not just been proven right,
John was taking a few steps forward - soft steps, always soft, John didn’t know how soft he was but Sherlock did. For an ex-solider, he had always surprised Sherlock with quite how soft he was.
Wanda turned around from the seat in front of his and gave him a massive smile. "So, what do you think? Was it everything you expected it to be?"
"Oh, I'm not judging you, John." The younger man could not tell if he was lying. "I'm merely asking so that, if that
For once John didn't even bother arguing the term. "What's the point in insulting him when he's not here to defend himself?"
"Don't be so utterly ridiculous." He could hear movement, could hear doors closing and murmured voices in the background. "My brother is wholly to blame for this melodramatic display and it's pointless to start laying blame where it doesn't belong."
His legs picked up pace before his head even told him to move. "Sherlock." The man would not hear him from this far away, but that was unimportant; he was reminding himself of what he was here for, of what he would lose if he did not do or say the right things at this very moment. He began to run instead, determined to catch up and not particularly caring that actually it was pretty cold and that he should have at least snatched one of the hoodies he usually left strewn around Sherlock and Greg's house to put on; all he could focus on was getting there, getting to Sherlock and ending this madness quickly and calmly enough to bring him home in one piece.
Another grunt; Sherlock was in no mood to tease, much less be teased. His nerves we so oddly frayed and his head so ridiculously impregnated with nonsense that his patience was vastly limited, if he currently had any grasp of patience at all; that remained to be seen, and goodness knew that if anyone would gaily attempt to push it to its boundaries it would be none other than Mycroft Holmes.
"We won't get lost," Sherlock remarked confidently, leaning over towards John in order to peer out of the window on his friend's side of the car, "I'll keep track of where we are. Anything to get out of this traffic."
He waited, slightly impatient, as William worked silently to find the right words; when they came, however, it was not what he had expected:
“And when I leave tomorrow -” the sound of Sherlock’s grunt of disappointment rolled around the whorl of John’s ear, replaced quickly by a hum of contentment as John brushed his lips ever so gently against the cupids bow that so mercilessly tempted him every moment of every day, “- I want you to know that all of those things and all of the other little bits and pieces that make up who you are -” he trailed his kisses down, across Sherlock’s jaw and to the tender stretch of skin just below the genius’s ear, “- will be driving me insane from the emptiness of my bedroom.”
Greg motioned for John to join him at what was evidently the drinks station, bottles of rum and vodka and god knows what else sitting in a frighteningly large group amidst piles and piles of plastic cups; John wandered over and took an empty cup offered to him, looking at the offerings and biting his lower lip.
“Yes, you did,” John insisted quietly, moving his hands to rest upon Sherlock’s chest, “and that means a lot to me. Just so you know.”
forced into a state of guilt for assuming that it was entirely your fault that I had overreacted in such a ridiculous fashion and therefore were put under unnecessary duress which
"Oh, well." John stepped past Mycroft and offered his hand to shake, unsure if this was the way to do things; the woman didn't seem even slightly put-out, taking his hand and shaking it delicately. "It's very nice to meet you."
him. He bows his head and he knows John will understand, will feel his sorrow and regret from across the room, because John always knows, and he only hopes his friend will be stronger than he currently is.
John's face settled into a half-hearted smile. “Yes, I guess you're right. I just need to figure some things out, timing and whatnot, have things I should probably do before I go gallivanting off to meet my new landlady... I'll let you know.”
John forced himself to look back at what he was supposed to be doing, his stomach coiling at the undisclosed tension as his head tried to decide whether it was the good sort of the bad sort. "So... good. I'm glad. I mean, not glad that you didn't sleep well but glad that it wasn't a bad thing."
Slowly, painstakingly careful, John began to finally respond. The frustration had morphed, a veritable rage settling over him and flooding his entire body in heat as the words began to fall onto the screen.
Putting down the course material he had been forcing himself to glance over (littered with red lines of writing from Sherlock, of course) John found himself feel oddly reminiscent as the sound of an instant message fell into his ear; it had been a while since they'd communicated via laptop. He pulled the desk chair with the laptop on it towards him, wibbling his finger on the mousepad until the screen awoke slowly, tetchily. He opened up the conversation window and read:
Left hand twitching at his side, Sherlock opened his lips as if to speak; he hesitated, then gave the tiniest shake of his head. "Well. I'll leave you to it, then."
of yours. Not your drug dealer, is he?" He attempted to make his tone light, breezy, but his mind was suddenly very much considering the possibility that Sherlock was stupid enough to bring him along on a drugs collection.
"But it's not weak, despite what you may have thought to yourself when alone." The intense gaze was back, dark eyes impartial, non-judgemental as they stared out at him from across the desk. "There's a quote from Bruce Lee which I think is quite relevant here – do you know of him?"
"I..." The voice stopped, indecisive. "Would you call me your friend now? Is this what friendship is?"
She wasn't having any of it. "Nonsense. You're his friend, of course he'll listen to you. Mikey's already told us what you did with him in regards to his... well. His problem."
surprising to me – and this is an answer to your earlier question too, if you were wondering – is that you actually found it within yourself to take the time and effort to get me where I am now. It... it's a mystery to me."
"So essentially you do have feelings for him. Which is why you didn't like the whole 'unrequited' thing. 'Cos he cares for you too, just in a different way. But that doesn't make your version of caring any less relevant."
"Please, don't." Sherlock interrupted with a sigh. "That is genuinely one of the last things that I want to think of."
Was the man completely incapable of saying the right thing without it being twisted into something thoughtless? Even John in the midst of a depression was better at phrasing things than him, and that was truly saying something.
Greg shrugged for the umpteenth time that evening. "Comes with living with one Holmes, being in cahoots with another and generally spending a lot of time with girls."
"We'll empty out the third bedroom," Sherlock advised meaningfully, cocking an eyebrow, "so you won't have to sleep on the sofa anymore."
"No." Sherlock didn't even look at him, plucking the bottle of milk from the side and running some hot water, tipping the rancid liquid down the sink. "It's not the weekend and you haven't given me five days notice."
But John had more to look at. The wooden floors – he had been expecting marble – were a rustic, deep oak that looked as if they'd been there for hundreds of years, highly polished and yet worn from hours and hours of dancing from days long gone; travelling up from the floors to the walls – barely
"Well, yes. Yes, that's true. But that's not my point, my point is…" He stared at Sherlock, feeling completely useless. "My point is that I care about you more than I ever cared about any of them, and that is important. It's important to me that you know that and that you know that no matter what you do, or say, or feel, I am going to be here. I am going to be your friend, regardless of anything. At all. Anything at all."
"Yes. We'll both get... help. We'll both find someone to talk to. Not at the same time, don't worry, just... do it with me. Do it with me and maybe it'll feel a little easier to walk in there knowing I'm not the only one preparing to lay myself open to a complete stranger."
John picked up the pack of mince without looking at the dark-haired man who was now staring at him with all the ice of the Arctic, holding it in both hands. "So. You cut up the peppers, mushrooms and tomatoes and I'll start cooking the meat."
So, after the aforementioned fourth and a deeply unwise fifth, John decided that in this case the best thing to do would be to simply… let it go.
The words fell out of his mouth before he could stop them. "You think I'm endearing and I don't know if I like that or not."
"Sorry, sorry," John coughed, shaking his head and unable this time to suppress the grin that spread across his face, "but you have to admit it's a bit like the pot calling the kettle black."
"I still don't know what I'm doing with Sherlock." There. He'd said it. "We've made up, we're friends again, it's all well and good and I'm very happy with how things are turning out. That doesn't mean I've decided on anything."
John's eyes fluttered closed. "It was in his room. It wasn't on silent. It probably woke him up and scared the shit out of him."
It was the first time John had ever heard her speak to Sherlock like he was a normal teenager instead of a delicate child; the grin that spread across his face was impossible to suppress. Sherlock's eyes narrowed even further still, though he was certainly determined to keep himself from looking at his friend as he directed his stiff words to the woman who was glaring at him with all the authority of the Pope. "I don't
The question took John by surprise; his head twitched, eyes narrowed. "Don't be stupid. I told, you I don't have -"
"There you are!" she exclaimed, reaching out and pulling them both to stand between her and Tim. "We thought you'd got lost!"
. "Pulse slightly erratic." Sherlock glanced away again, taking another calm sip of his drink. "Dilated pupils."
"But then," she raised her hands in a questioning gesture, "John seems to bely that attitude. So there must be something that sets him apart."
"Apparently I do, John, look how thin you've got!" Suddenly she was really looking at him, eyes scanning his body like a hawk. "Have you lost weight? How much? Are you not eating properly at university?"
He directs the words to the floor, though he can hear the tremble in his voice and he is well aware that Sherlock will not miss it. "How you could possibly think that…
“I’m afraid that’s all the time I have,” she said, checking her phone and leading them back through the private corridor and to the reception area.  “You can check with Melissa to see what’s available yet this weekend.  We’ll do our best to accommodate you.  We do have a couples’ massage package, if you’re interested.  I know we’re fully booked for full-body massage for the rest of the evening, but I’m sure we have openings for other services if you want to try something out now.”
The next morning Mycroft joined John and Mrs. Hudson for breakfast.  John had to work, so he ate hurriedly and skimmed over the morning paper.
It’s what Sherlock always said; it was the way their relationship would always be, and John was kidding himself if he thought Sherlock would ever put him first, even if they were ten years’ married.  He’d waited this long - what was a few more days?  And when the case was solved, John would make his move.
John replaced his mouth with his slippery hands, tenderly, very gently massaging Sherlock’s sac and its delicate contents before letting his fingers wander lower, over his perineum, where they gently stroked and pressed.  Shedding the last of his trepidation, John kept the one hand busy while the other found and guided Sherlock’s shaft to his lips.
Life at 221B Baker Street continued on much as normal, except that John had abandoned his pursuits of lovers and catalogued the classic hormonal urges associated with falling in love.  He let himself bask in Sherlock’s intellect and waited for those moments when those unusual eyes would twinkle with mischievous glee or fond respect.  John studied Sherlock’s hands and lips and the column of his throat and said nothing.  He was fairly certain that if Sherlock wanted a sexual partner it would be a male one, but he never seemed attracted to anyone.  John didn’t even know if the man had a wank now and then.  If he did, what would he think of, if anything?  As far as John could tell, Sherlock had subliminated his libido into the Work in order to avoid the whole useless, distracting, and unnecessary mess of sexual intercourse.
“Why on earth do you keep staring at me?” John finally asked Lestrade, suddenly feeling self conscious.  “Do I have something...?”  He ran a hand over the top of his head.
John put his hand on the door before Sherlock had a chance to burst inside.  “Just how bored are you?”  he asked, Watson Damage Control instincts kicking in.
It’s a delicate thing, trying to navigate a friendship into the murky waters of romantic relationship.  Sherlock has never been especially good at the former, and those of the latter sort were few and ended disastrously.  There was, too, the question of whether John would be receptive toward Sherlock’s advances.  He was, after all, repressing his own bisexuality (and failing, Sherlock thought, reminding himself of the seven times John had licked his own lips today, touched Sherlock’s arm, twice, when he hadn’t needed to, and, for the lack of a better term, “made eyes” at him over the body of an armless corpse).
“Just sleep tonight,” said John, “if you can.  I’ve got to work tomorrow, and then we’ll talk about it more.  Try to think about something else, all right?”  He arranged himself on his back and let Sherlock drape himself over his side.  John was nearly asleep when he felt Sherlock grow hard against his leg and slowly move against him.
John let her lead the way through a drawing room, a formal dining room, a kitchen, and then down a corridor past half a dozen closed doors before the hall ended and turned to the left.  “Here’s the west wing,” she explained.  “We’ve got four bedrooms here, the rose, carnation, daffodil, and the thistle.  That’s the thistle, down there, at the end.”  She pulled a face.  “Never liked that room.  It’s got a hidden servants’ staircase up to the first floor and a creaky old dumbwaiter.  Gives me the creeps, even now that it’s all fixed up.  Now I’ve got the daffodil across the hall.  Mycroft stays in rose, when he’s here, and here we are, the carnation.”
“You’ve got to get all this dead stuff out,” said the gardener, grabbing a fistful of slimy brown grasses.  “This stuff is last year’s daylilies.  And this is ornamental grass.  All this has got to get pulled out.  It’s rotting and it chokes out the new growth.  Got to get down in the dirt, use your hands.  If it won’t come out with a gentle tug, use the clippers.  Give all this stuff here, these green parts, room to breathe.”
John felt his face heat.  “Well, good,” he said, tugging his shirt back into place.  “Glad that’s settled.”
“Have you now?”  John doesn’t know exactly what that means, but it sounds suggestive.  He’s perfected his tonguing techniques too, but Sherlock probably doesn’t want to know about that.
“He had no disputes.  He had no one who would benefit financially from his death except myself and Mycroft.  I checked and double-checked his accounts.”  Sherlock rummaged for another folder and brought out pages of bank statements.  “Here.  Everything’s in order.  I suspected maybe there were some debts.  There weren’t.”
“Naming inanimate objects seems like a waste of time,” Sherlock replies before stepping back to check John’s posture.  John notices he doesn’t actually answer the question.  “No, that’s not right.  Spread your legs, it goes in between.”  John almost blushes, but he does as instructed.  It’s still not right.  “Here.”  He moves closer.  “May I…?”  He nods at John’s arms --
“Not necessarily,” replied the elder Holmes, fingers steepled under his nose exactly the way Sherlock did.  John wondered how many of Mycroft’s idiosyncracies Sherlock picked up in his youth.  “Sometimes scandal can be quite good for business.  I’ll do what I can.”
Mrs. Hudson stayed away, so they cleaned up together (Sherlock did more talking than actually loading the dishwasher).
“Mycroft would be so jealous,” Sherlock said softly.  “He would like to have seen this again.”  Sherlock picked up a pebble next to him and tossed it down.  It bounced on the stones below before rolling into a clump of grass that would never meet the blades of a mower.
.  In the morning he washed the welts with vinegar.  He had a gentle hand.  Nothing had ever felt so painful or so comforting.  That was the day I discovered my skin, John.”
“Yes.”  He picked another daisy and began a chain, if only to keep his hands occupied and eyes from betraying anything.
The air above the throng of people had turned into a purple miasma.  A hipster whose beard was now a spectacular shade of yellow was carrying a woman on his shoulders.  Her sports bra (and entire torso) was covered with blue and pink splotches.  One of the race marshalls discharged a fire extinguisher in their direction, spraying both of them green.
John rolled his eyes.  “Why don’t you just go to a lab? Find a place to do your research that’s actually set up for this type of thing.  With better microscopes.  And a chemical hood.  Maybe real cadavers.”
Sherlock dressed with precision as John began to explain what he found in Lillian’s “Fountain of Youth” room.  He shook the box of needles as Sherlock buttoned his cuffs.  “She’s got loads of these,” he said.  “What on earth is she doing practising acupuncture?”
“The flower!” yelled Sherlock again.  “You took his buttonhole!  And you still have it.”  Sherlock twirled around and gestured to the walls of books.
“Colleagues,” said a woman who was brushing Barbara’s sweaty, powder-stained hair off her brow,  “we work at a primary school in Wakefield.”
‘Still’ is a funny word, John thought.  It was a word connected to ‘calm’ for John, related to ‘peace’ and close kin to ‘quiet’.  ‘Still’ was the feeling he had long ago when he was young and still a believer, sitting small and unmoving under the eaves of his parents’ church.  ‘Still’ was the desert in Afghanistan during the summer, when the horizon shimmered with heat and his platoon sat idle, waiting for the next skirmish.  ‘Still’ was a quiet bath after a long, stressful day.  ‘Still’ was the only word that he could think of to describe the feeling he had the moment he closed the door behind him.
The evening was pleasant and warm, and John enjoyed the ride into the city.  He could faintly smell whatever aftershave Sherlock had applied whenever Sherlock shifted, could feel the heat of his body through the leather.  John hoped it wouldn’t make his friend too uncomfortable, being in a pub with strangers.  It’s not that Sherlock didn’t know how to behave in social situations.  He did.  He just chose not to.  John had no idea why Sherlock decided to make an exception in his solitary life to include him, but he was pleased that Sherlock did.
“God, I want you,” Sherlock growled, wiping his face on his arm before reaching for the floor beside the bed.  John lay there lazily, arse still in the air, smiling to himself.  He heard the flip-cap of their pricey (and preferred) silicone lube and the crinkle of a condom wrapper.
Harry didn’t have anything to say to that, so she abruptly rang off, and John was left holding her old mobile.
John doesn’t catch him at it.  There are no awkward moments, no nervous laughs or pointless denials.  Part of him is secretly pleased at finding the evidence.  Proof that Sherlock does, once in a great while, at least, sucuumb to basic biology and doesn’t always ignore the needs of his body.  That he really is human after all.
John heard Sherlock mimic his words under his breath as he sat down on the therapist’s rolling chair.  “I hope she’s old and ugly,” he muttered, “and has tiny, weak little hands.”
“He has no suspicions,” said Sherlock, steepling his hands together under his nose and savouring the considerably fresher air.  “He is also a colossal idiot about anything with less than four legs.”
“I was in the RAMC, and I thought I’d eventually find myself in an A&E somewhere, but I seem to have ended up in general practice.”
.   Sherlock sees red.  “Don’t be scared,” drawls Moriarty as he saunters toward the door.  “Falling’s just like flying….”  He leaves, probably thinking he’s said something clever, but Sherlock has stopped paying attention.  There’s an apple in his tuba.
“A little.  Look, Sherlock, if you want personal things from people, you usually have to ask permission first.  And hair is pretty personal.”
The man who delivered the mysterious unlabelled drugs had to be familiar with Willow Cross to have a key and to enter the spa so boldly.
Mycroft shrugged.  “What did he tell you?  That I’d kidnapped him against his will and am holding him prisoner?  He does love to be dramatic.”
“You’ve got pond scum on your back, love,” John said.  “Leave the boots.  We’ll get cleaned up and find everything you need.  I’ll call Stamford and see if we can get you into a proper lab tomorrow.”
“That’s it,” murmured Sherlock, sliding his hands down John’s sides to his hips before running them back up again and over his nipples.  John sighed and leaned into the touch.  He closed his eyes as Sherlock manoeuvred their bodies so that Sherlock was directly behind him.  John felt the nudge of Sherlock’s cock between his legs, and he closed them so that Sherlock was trapped there between his thighs.
“Ate this morning,” said Sherlock, who suddenly started unbuttoning his shirt, completely unabashed.  John didn’t know whether to look away.  He kept his chin up and stared somewhere past Sherlock’s head.
She looked up, her large, brown eyes shining.  “Thank you,” she said.  “I’m really going to miss this place.  What’s next for you, John?”
John wiped his brow on his forearm and held out the shovel.  “You have a go then,” he said grumpily.  “Bloody thing has roots of steel.”  It was a hazy-hot late August afternoon: he’d already been stung once by a wasp and Sherlock was doing little other than being bossy and unhelpful.
They kissed leisurely as Sherlock slowly guided them back to the steps.  When the water was shallow enough for both of them to kneel, Sherlock took both of John’s hands and planted them firmly on his arse.  John, knowing when to take a hint, kneaded the muscles and ran his fingertips over the cleft, causing Sherlock to grow squirmy and more insistent.
It was at this moment when Sherlock’s erection finally flagged enough that the muff toppled over to the side and rolled onto the floor, which sent John into another fit of giggles.
“It’s called ‘Mme Alfred Carrière’ and smells like heaven,” said Lestrade.  “These are old.  Heirloom, too, been here at least sixty years, maybe longer.  Roses take a bit of care -- got to prune them carefully so they don’t get too gnarled and barky.  But these particular ones, climbers, I can basically let alone and they do their thing.”
Sherlock continued to laugh.  John could feel his lover’s persistent erection hit him in the thigh.  “I spent the better portion of the week locked in my head trying to figure out a way to make myself more sexually appealing to you. If I had not had such an unfortunate experience with the sugar, I would have a perfectly bald chest, belly, and bum.”
John could barely see his lover in the dark room, but he manoeuvered himself so they were face-to-face.  “I’m happy,” he whispered.  “You said you love me.”
“Do keep a close eye on the place,” said Mycroft as he put John’s file back into his briefcase.  “All it contains is very, very dear to me.  Now, Mrs. Hudson, what have you prepared this morning?”
John looked up when Sherlock didn’t respond.  He was gazing oddly at his laptop, his eyebrows drawn together and head tipped down in the way that gave him multiple chins.  “No, it’s.  Just something.  Nothing in particular.”  He abruptly shut the computer.
On Monday morning, John wasn’t needed at the surgery until 11am. He awoke feeling more vigourous (and horny) than he had in a long time, so he got up early, enjoyed a nice shower (and a leisurely wank) and rode his bike into the village to grab a pastry and coffee from Marjorie Gant’s bakery.  He sat enjoying the sun at a small metal table outside, when Mr. Chapman, who owned the antiques shop, hobbled up, unlocked the door, and began his morning ritual of sweeping his front step.
Sherlock looked down at him.  He looked like he did while on a case, a bit manic, slightly sinister.  “I bet I can make her drop something,” he said in response, lifting his eyebrows, before pushing past John and into the cool sterility of the mortuary.
John was vaguely aware of Sherlock making muted scathing noises from where he had retreated into the corner.  Small talk was distasteful to Sherlock, but John had expected him to ask a million questions.  Instead he clammed up and looked entirely uncomfortable.  He’d shaken James’ hand and introduced himself, at least, but at the moment he was sounding more like a pervert and less like pleasant company.
The colour drained from Lillian’s face, leaving her as white as the sheet she had clutched to her breast.
beard, John,” he replied, frowning.  “Just because I don’t have five o’clock shadow by one in the afternoon does not make me incapable of growing facial hair.”
Say, for the sake of argument, he did approach Sherlock with his feelings.  He probably couldn’t hide them forever.  He was an awful liar.  How would Sherlock react?  Would he stand there, frozen, blinking, trying to process what he’d heard?  Would he flee?  Would he be embarrassed?  Would he laugh?  If anything, he would likely remind John, in a tone that conveyed irritation at having to repeat himself, that he was married to his work and that relationships were ‘not his area’.
She let Sherlock pour her tea as she studied John.  “That was good work on the barman,” she said, crossing her legs and sitting a bit sideways in her chair.  “I’m beginning to think you’re useful to have around.”
For once, John felt perfectly at ease.  Something about his pseudo-confession to the woman at the front desk eased six months’ worth of mental exhaustion.  The situation was just too hilarious to get worked up about.  He and Sherlock, together in the honeymoon suite at a preposterously posh spa resort set up by the world’s most pretentious older sibling.  John decided right there and then that he was going to drink the champagne, order the most expensive meals he could, and sleep nude in those magnificent sheets, regardless of what Sherlock - or his brother - thought.
The two eyed each other for a few moments before Sherlock seemed to suppress a smile, his eyes flickering away. "At my mercy, are you?"
"For the most part." Sherlock made to sit down next to Mycroft. "Though I would appreciate it if next time those who decide to have conversations upstairs would perhaps have the decency to keep their voices down -"
it's not something I'm familiar with. You know what people are like, they don't make prolonged eye-contact or spend a substantial amount of time trying to read someone -"
“- and therefore 100% outlining the fact that I was the black sheep of the family and making me even more of a target for Mum.” Harry's eyes were still closed, as if she were simply relaxed in his company, but her next small soliloquy made him wonder if she were actually purposefully avoiding his eyeline. “She was
As he walked towards her she reached under the desk and took out a clipboard on top of which lay the forms that he had previously filled out and sent to her. He cringed. That had been a month ago. He'd completely forgotten what he'd written. "He's waiting for you in room A2 – just down that corridor and second on the left. Take these in with you and give them to him when you get in there."
"Fuck it," he said with a little grin, grabbing the lemonade and filling it up to the brim, "it's Saturday tomorrow, right?"
from his every pore. "I want you to tell me why I shouldn't just throw you to the sharks, boy. I want you to give me a reason to keep you here as my crewmate."
Pushing the sleeves of his shirt up his arms and walking over to where John was unpacking a bag full of fresh food, Sherlock shrugged nonchalantly and started putting the food away. "Crying, laughing... either way, at least she was over the shock of the incident."
Heart thumping wildly John sat bolt upright, almost knocking the laptop from the edge of his bed; he reached out with a hand and slapped it down on the keyboard to stop it from falling, other hand grasping the material over his chest as he gulped in deep breaths to calm himself down. The room was completely dark, laptop the only source of light. His phone was dead, he knew it was, so that couldn't have been the source of the godforsaken noise.
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY NEW CHAPTERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!! <3 <3 <3 LOVE YOU SO FRICKETY FRACKING MUCH, GUYS!!
With John covered in blankets and holding a steaming cup of tea between his hands, Sherlock sat in the armchair and began to talk.
"Oh god," John mumbled, rubbing his hand down his face. "Can we just make a decision so we can get to the supermarket and get some food? Otherwise we won't end up eating 'til late."
The hand still lightly grasping his shoulder and John's mind slowly working away at what his mind was yelling at him, he continued to be led around into a small alleyway until they were safely outside the front of the house. Sherlock's hand was immediately removed, replacing his grip on John's shoulder with a grip on his phone instead as he searched rapidly for the number for a taxi service.
The beating of John's heart under the layers of fabric was so strong he wondered hazily if Sherlock would hear it from where he stood.
Sherlock shook his head. "She didn't want details, she just wanted to know how I felt. So I told her."
Her smile instantly became triumphant. "Good. You want something of everything? I could just do you some toast if you're feeling... delicate?"
Sherlock could feel his body tensing against the words inspired by what he was sure was John's anger. "John, I -"
A gratified silence met the end of his epic story, his throat almost sore from nearly half an hour of talking; he swallowed hard, wishing he had a glass of water beside him and wishing even more that perhaps
"Nonsense," the determined woman interrupted, reaching down and seizing Tim's hand in her own. "Go off and have fun. I'll call you when we're getting ready to leave, hm?"
Wanda turned to look at the two of them. "Are you sure? We could end up in the middle of nowhere, you might actually end up preferring the traffic..."
To Sherlock's complete and utter horror, a wicked smile flitted across John's face. "A gentleman, are you? Not sure that's entirely accurate, Sherlock."
"We had to read it at school," he explained, painful memories of the dragging lessons floating above his head like a ghost, "and I never really recovered."
," he stressed, turning to face Sherlock's older brother and meeting his stare, "that you can fall in love with someone despite their appendages and whatever, believe me when I say I've heard that
The corners of his lips twitched; he had long thought he'd gotten his stubborn denial from Neil but, as it turned out, it was far more likely to be from the one person who he had almost obsessively observed for most of his adolescence and adulthood so far.
"Well." John nodded slowly. "Yeah, I guess that is what I'm saying. No matter what happens, we're friends. Friends above everything."
John could not remember the moment that his hands had curled into gentle fists. "And then, Sherlock... then..." He could not for the life of him think of how to phrase it, how to explain the sheer
John's mouth fell open, hardly believing what he was hearing. "I'm sorry, did you really just refer to his heroin addiction and the
The two of them looked at each other for a moment, John's unspoken question from before floating between them; Mycroft's call rang out, silence flooding the dark room, yet neither of them seemed to be able to find the motivation to speak again.
He couldn't control himself, the alcohol had too much power over him; two hours beforehand he would have simply offered a small smile, maybe even a wave, but new and more-than-tipsy John had other ideas. He walked in almost a straight line to the garden door, waving away protests at his departure from his apparently new, sloshed friends - "Air, I need air!" - and pulled it open, a welcome burst of cold air rushing in and hitting his flushed face with a freshness that felt almost bitter. He savoured it for a few moments before remembering why he had opened the door in the first place.
"Yet here we are, days after his first and last high in a fair number of months and not once has he attempted to get more. Not once has he begged for something to ease his desire for the drug. My brother has no need for self-control most of the time, John, but when it comes to this habit of his... well. Self-control goes out of the metaphorical window, shall we say."
“Don’t be an idiot,” Mycroft snapped, “you’re drowning in it. You’ve completely relinquished your grip on any level of sense and you’re falling to your emotions entirely. It’s disappointing, certainly, but you must accept that you are not in your right mind and that you are currently experiencing a wealth of emotions which you have never before allowed yourself to feel.”
Wanda's well-aging face wrinkled into a frown. "Did it sound like I was asking? You've done absolutely nothing towards household tasks since you got home, young man, and for someone who turns twenty next year you certainly can't get away with hiding in your room for the entire summer. So, in response to my own question, no, I wasn't asking. I'm telling."
Knowing as he did that it was completely inappropriate to do so, John could not fight the urge to simply get dressed and leave his room; the bed was just too judgemental, staring at him in consternation as he pulled on his jeans and a clean white t-shirt, throwing the grey jumper on over the top and glaring right back at the badly-made bed before turning and slipping out of the door as quietly as he could. He navigated the hallway without too much fuss, creeping over to the stairs and holding his breath as he descended them as slowly as he possibly could – this evidently turned out to be a mistake, every single stair creaking and alerting his pathway to the entire house no matter how gently he placed his heel to the wood beneath them. He cursed quietly as he hopped over the last step and landed quietly on the balls of his feet, forgetting that there were wooden floors all throughout the house and almost slipping over; he grabbed the banister and prayed for dear life that he wouldn't fall, gritting his teeth and feeling relief wash over him as he managed to pull himself upright.
Sherlock stared bitterly out of the window. Damned sentiment. John had no one to blame but himself if this ended badly, for being so bafflingly likeable.
"William, you have no reason to care about me," John murmured quietly, his stomach twisting in discomfort at the intensity of the conversation, mind unable to grasp how it had come to this. "And I don't say that for you to pity me, I really don't, but you have no...
Sherlock smirked, still stirring the tea despite the milk obviously being useless and therefore rendering their tea undrinkable. "Milk out of date?"
Sherlock, and it's a crime. I don't know if it's on your to-do list to get arrested by the time you graduate for what I assume is the tenth time running, but it's not on mine. I'll walk you back to your place and get a cab back to campus from there."
The burning gaze was back, fixated completely on John as Sherlock rocked back and forth on his heels slightly; John found himself rooted to the spot, wondering inwardly if Sherlock had any bloody clue how intense he was, knowing deep down that the clueless man probably had absolutely no idea. No wonder he'd been propositioned three times tonight, if he was looking at the insanely drunk girls with those eyes. If John was a rabbit caught in Sherlock's headlights then those girls were already roadkill.
"Ah, there you are!" Wanda said brightly as he took a few steps into the room, still cracking what were
He did not kiss John. His lips lingered centimetres away, eyes focused completely on John's mouth as if he was trying to work out what had just happened and why.
John sighed, already irritated by the mocking tone in her voice. "Nice to speak to you too, Harry. You sound nice and... buzzed."
Without hesitating John separated his lips and waited for Sherlock to move the glass close enough, his head tilting forward to catch the edge of the straw against his dry lower lip, shifting until he could take a pull on the end of it and almost groaning from relief as water surged gently into his parched mouth and down his throat. He started drinking quickly, utterly enamoured with the sensation of water soothing the rawness away, only realising he should slow down when he caught the slight narrowing of Sherlock's continued gaze from the corner of his eyes. He stopped, letting the straw fall from his mouth.
A small jolt of surprise went through John: there were other topics up for discussion? He bypassed this for now, however, trying to keep on track.
"Self-diagnised depressive pre-med student, right," John interrupted, making no effort to hide his irritation. "Glad to know that you both put aside your squabble long enough to talk about my personal life."
"Mycroft was clearly right, as he always bloody is; we're unsuitable for each other – two emotionally unstable young adults leaning on each other when neither of us have any real experience of..." Sherlock trailed off, eyes suddenly flicking up to John's. He did not continue, changing his tack as if he had not been speaking at all. "I cannot have you pitying me, John. It is absolutely unnecessary,
grown man was enjoying himself." The flush in John's cheeks was deepening, his hands curling into fists and then relaxing as he fought against the urge to do... whatever it was he wanted to do. Sherlock was hopelessly out of his depth here. "Sherlock, I didn't pull away because I didn't want to carry on."
She stared right back, tears glittering in her mirroring grey, storm-filled eyes even as she widened her smile to be come almost garishly bright. “You might have been able to forget, but I sure couldn't.”
be a but of an over-exaggeration, Sherlock. It's not like they're sticking their tongues down each others throa-"
what to do. The lips on his were hard, insistent, the forte at the end of a crescendo that had stretched on for what felt like far too long; it was frightening, exhilarating and not unlike standing at the edge of a very tall building and waiting for the fall. He could feel the tremble of the hands that clutched at his damp shirt and he thought that maybe it was better that he wasn't the only one who was nervous – though nervous wasn't quite the word. His stomach was a mess of knotted tension, his body so taut that he couldn't even move to touch John,
"I thought you'd rather skip all the emotional stuff and stick to a non-complicated, academic thing. Like you so strenuously put across in your e-mails."
Of course he would already know. He knew everything. It embittered Sherlock no end. “It wasn’t my idea.”
Christ. When was the last time he'd seen half past nine in the morning? "Did Greg make it to his lecture?"
You know what I think? You're just some jumped-up twat who wants to have a bit of a laugh, so you thought you'd hack into my emails or something and now you're using whatever you read to piss me about
Brought out of his little stupor by Wanda's gentle, hesitant voice, he turned towards her with a willing smile. "Yeah?"
... well, this was just uncomfortable. He forced himself to keep talking. "What is it that you would want me to be if not this?" His large hands gestured down his body, knowing that John wouldn't see the exact motion but would hopefully understand.
John didn't pretend to misunderstand; all the fight left his body as he, too, collapsed back onto his chair. "I've never had a friendship quite like it, I'll say that."
Greg stepped quickly out of the way as Sherlock took lithe steps to the stairs, taking them two at a time and not looking back as he made his way to the bedroom; there was the sound of a door opening and closing quietly, footsteps on the ceiling above them and finally nothing, no sound at all.
“I can't stop myself loving boobs any more than you can stop yourself loving Sherlock.” The fact that she had used his proper name spoke volumes to how serious she was currently being; again, John found himself feeling alarmed beyond measure. “I know it upset Mum – I knew it then and I know it now – but that doesn't mean I could change it... fuck, it doesn't mean that I
Sherlock pushed himself off of the tree and glanced down at him, grin slowly getting smaller until it was a simple tilt of his lips. "Yes you will. And it's sociopath, not psychopath. There's a very pronounced difference."
"Any friend of Sherlock's is an impossibility," Mycroft muttered, still glaring at John; Mrs. Holmes tutted at him again.
Sherlock's eyes were closed once more, body slack as he sat unmoving opposite his friend. "I told you why."
him do so had probably not set the best first impressions of friendship. He couldn't help it; he felt bad.
"You wait, dear, all of the women will be falling over themselves to dance with you. We'll take this one, then, Franco."
- if you pull out a seven everyone has to point to the ceiling and the last one to do it has to take a drink."
John finally looked up at Greg. "Where the hell are you getting these sentences from? When did you get to be so observant and... and
That would have to do. As he'd specified, he didn't want to go into details and as far as he was concerned it was none of Jim Moriarty's business what was going on – of course, he was well aware that this was the wrong outlook to have when he was supposed to be opening himself up to the willing counsellor, but that was a problem for another day. If Jim had an issue with what he'd said he'd no doubt tell him so.
Sherlock was looking at John as if he didn't quite understand a single word he was saying. "I'm not going to wreck my clothes and get myself filthy just to make you feel like less of an idiot for enjoying yourself by climbing over great big dirty rocks."
He wandered into the kitchen, wondering if it would be simply too assuming of him to make himself a cup of tea – he decided that, yes, that would be absolutely inappropriate and would probably make far too much noise anyway. Instead he turned his attention to the huge pile of washing up sitting on the draining board, his fingers itching as he edged towards the dishcloth and padded over to the mess of pots and pans with a fierce resolution that he should do
His voice breaks again and he has to look away from the fixed stare layered so intently on his; he doesn't want to see the pain, the denial, the desperation. He doesn't want to see it from Sherlock, if only to avoid the reality of those very same things rotting away within his own chest like the blunt end of a knife left to stagnate for months. He cannot face Sherlock because to face Sherlock would be to accept that he has his own truths to face, truths that he has denied for as long as he can remember.
Tim interrupted their argument with a gentle suggestion to his wife, a woman who seemed to be very much enjoying their banter as a smug smile played on her lips. "What if we took a detour, dear? There's a little country road just up there, we could take it and see where we end up?"
"You are so fucking closed-minded," his sister said with an almost audible eye-roll, "to think that you're not capable of falling in love with someone just because he has the same bits as you."
They spent a considerable amount of time in that bed, exploring each other’s bodies and giving each other pleasure, sometimes just holding one another tightly, fingertips tracing patterns over skin.  Sherlock would sometimes doze off after sex, curled in on himself or lying face-down, body finally exhausted and brain quiet.  Yet he still kept strange hours; he ignored circadian rhythms and John found himself more often than not sleeping nights alone.
“There’s nothing that girl can’t do. She even helped do the decorating. Made a dent in the finances at the time but within two years, we had not only paid for the renovations, but were turning a considerable profit.  Her ‘Fountain of Youth’ is extremely popular.  I owe her tremendously.”
Keeping his left hand on his cock, John slipped his right down between his legs, shivering as his fingertips flicked over his anus.  Perfect.  He kept at it for a few minutes, pleasure coiling deep in his groin, his pulse rising and breath coming faster.  “Beautiful,” said Fantasy Sherlock, who somehow managed to talk and lick at the same time.  John removed his fingers long enough to drizzle more lubricant over them.  “I love kissing you here,” rumbled Fantasy Sherlock.  “Look how your legs shake.  God, I want you, to be inside you.  But first, my fingers,” he said.  “Just one, just to start, yes, relax, just like that.  You’re so tight, John, such a tight little hole...”
John took a moment to collect himself, his own cock hard and straining against his belly and leaving little smears of pre-ejaculate everywhere, before dismounting and settling at the foot of the bed.
“John!” he exclaimed, before leaping up (watching Sherlock run around with the beginnings of an erection was never going to get old, John mused) and disappearing into the bathroom.  He returned with a familiar brown bottle, which he deposited into John’s hands.
Now, with the case concluded, simply being close to John like this, even with him snoring like a freight train, his head tipped back and mouth comically open, is enough to remind me of what I’d been physically missing.  We’d had one frantic encounter in a hotel in Leatherhead, while we were meant to be perusing CCTV images in an office no bigger than a cupboard, but besides that, we haven’t managed a proper shag.  I’ve grown to really quite like sex.  But my body is exhausted, I tell myself as the cab pulls onto Baker Street.  And a tired John is a grumpy John.  The sex can wait.
John regarded what was left of his ivy curtain.  “I clipped the tendrils from the brick, you idiot.  Slipped in behind it.”
John thought hard; he’d run out of things to talk about and still hadn’t found a way to see the soles of Owens’ shoes.  It wasn’t as if he could just walk into his bedroom and pull a pair from his wardrobe or casually ask to see them.  Maybe he could feign smelling dog poo and check his own soles, prompting Owens to do the same?  He saw that Owens kept a pair of wellies by the back door, but those wouldn’t have wear patterns on their soles.  He’d have to try another tactic.
It might be nice, though, John thought as he rested on the mossy stone bench near where he’d dumped the weeds, to move past that, the frantic gropings or semi-frequent dates that were pleasant but not exhilarating.  Not marriage, no.  But something real, something deep.  Maybe that’s where his next battle was, where he’d be called upon to be brave and bold: negotiating his own heart.
“Would have been much better with you there.  No worries.  It has been many years since I have been sexually active, so a little priming of the pump might be in order.  Wouldn’t want to disappoint.”
Sherlock frowned.  “I am simply trying to convey that picking apart a daisy tells you nothing about someone’s true feelings.  All you’re left with is a mutilated flower.  Which is rather beside the point, I’d say.”
John heard himself groan.  He wished he had a mirror; he wished he could record it from the front so he could see Sherlock’s slender, perfect cock, so he could see their bollocks pressed together.
“Probably nothing, unless they were doing it with a donkey. Then he might want to join in.  Actually, there’s so much on these sheets they might as well have been.  I’m surprised the ceiling’s still clean. It’s like an explosion in a sperm bank…”
He reached the first room on the right and tried the door: it was unlocked, so he let himself in, prepared for anything.  It was completely empty, void of furniture or mysterious people.  The next three rooms on both sides were also empty.  He continued on until he reached the end.  The last room, however, was actually furnished.  As far as John could tell through the small beam of his torch, it was a room someone had actually lived in.  Feeling oddly compelled, he stepped in for a closer look around.  Books lined a shelf.  He glanced at the titles -- a mix of mathematical texts, popular bestsellers, a few gardening photography books.  There were photographs, too, hung on the walls: a family portrait of a man, tall and thin with a kind face, and woman with long blonde hair.  She had a face like a fox: clever and mischievous, cunning, even.  She looked proud of her family, though, and she had her arms around her two sons, one a tall teen, the other a small, bored-looking boy with a mop of curly black hair.  There was a photo that was obviously a younger Mycroft Holmes in his graduation robes, and a picture of an Irish setter with the curly-haired boy, the his arms around the dog’s neck.  At once John felt like an intruder, realizing that the room must have belonged to the late Mrs. and Mr. Holmes.  He quickly left, closing the door quietly behind him.  Nothing there but old memories.
Gray-green eyes met dark blue, and the walls of Willow Cross’ premium honeymoon suite rang with childish laughter.
Owens finally looked up, his grey eyes stormy.  He said nothing, but his lips pulled back into a sneer.  John felt his heart pounding, wondering if he were going to have to restrain either (or both) of them.
I’ve been breathing hard, so I close my mouth to swallow and wet my lips and I taste him there, taste his arse on my face and that’s it, I’m off.
“Yeah.  It’s her brainchild.  She’s actually studied in China and knows much more about the traditional practices and their philosophies than the rest of us do.  ‘The Fountain of Youth’ keeps her in high demand, and she’s paid a fortune,  but everyone’s so pleased with how she’s turned this place around in the past few years that we don’t really care.  Rumor has it that she’s got a boyfriend, but with all the hours she works, I can’t see how she’s got the time.  Now,” he said with a smile, “You’d better go and chase after your friend.”
Molly was preparing to perform an autopsy.   She looked up at the pair from her her paper mask, eyes lighting up when she saw Sherlock, who wasted no time shucking his coat, rolling up his shirtsleeves and finding gloves.  (John gave him a case of nitrile surgical gloves as a Christmas gift once - Sherlock needed the largest size available and took an unnatural delight in snapping them on and then finding something to do that would require their use.)
Completely unbidden, John let out a noise that was a strangled cross between pain and pleasure.  Sherlock’s head snapped up at the same time John’s did, his eyes wide and searching.
Sherlock rolled on his socks and tied his shoelaces; John tried not to think about feet.  “That is the question,” he said.
Sherlock insisted he wasn’t hungry, but John ordered lunch anyway, knowing that Sherlock would help himself to titbits from his plate.
Sherlock takes the opportunity to make the tuba groan with something that sounds more like the flatulence of a hippo rather than a real note.
Sherlock didn’t return home and an hour’s research through the usual internet news sources turned up nothing promising case-wise, so John dressed and called Lestrade, hoping something was brewing that would get Sherlock’s attention off personal grooming and back onto crime.  Lestrade had nothing to offer but a pint after work, John left the flat and made himself busy the rest of the afternoon.
And indeed, John can hear it.  It’s a droning sound that goes on and on, warbling obnoxiously.  “What the hell is that?”
Behind the house were the gardens, several acres worth of manicured beds, evergreens tamed into spheres and spirals.  It was very formal and proper and worlds away from John’s secret garden, the one he’d slowly but surely reclaimed from the clutches of time.  He felt no sense of communion with these plots of green and brown.  They were too perfect, too rigid, too controlled by the human hand, hoe, and spade.  A huge fountain stood in the middle of the formal garden’s quadrangle.  It featured a larger-than-life-sized copper statue of Theseus, in all his nude glory.  Sherlock waggled his eyebrows as they passed and John giggled.  He was suddenly possessed with the idea of throwing a colour bomb at its genitals.
“Is it?  What are you going to do if I keep talking?  Are you going to shout at me?  Tell me I’m stupid and know nothing because I’m just a teenager?  That you’re not gay?”  She drawls this last word out, mocking.  “No one even fucking cares about that anymore!”
“I’m not saying that’s what it was,” said Sherlock, annoyed.  “I believe there was someone else in that garden with him, someone who shook the ladder.  Why he did it, I couldn’t tell you, but the end result was that my father fell and died.  Manslaughter at the very most: loss of self-control.”
Then Mrs. Hudson saw the rose Sherlock had brought in, quickly put two and two together, cornered the two of them, and demanded to see the garden.  As suspected, she wept, and Sherlock may have snuffled once or twice.
“Wait.  Have you read mine?” John asked.  Sherlock didn’t even bother dignifying the question with an answer.
He dreamed he was back in Winnicott Hall’s formal gardens, except the manicured topiaries had all grown wild.  Impossibly large asiatic lilies lined the walks, perfuming the air, their petals open, pistils and stamens protruding from deep, pink centres; tall purple iris stood guard proudly around lush rose bushes.  Up ahead, the fountain beckoned.
John's mouth was slightly open, torn between staring at the man who was apparently not only William but Sherlock too, someone who lived with an acquaintance but also lived with one of John's casual friends and giving Mike enough enthusiasm that he would have no idea that something that shouldn't have been a big deal but
time, so it might as well be now. “It’s not as if it’s going to be… they’re not like your parents, Sherlock, and my upbringing wasn’t like yours. It’s not going to be as easy as it was for me to come into your home with your parents and instantly slip in like I’d always been here. They’re not -”
Sherlock reached out with a gloved hand – when had he put gloves on? – and nodded. "Take care, Lewis. I'll be in touch."
Throwing himself away from the door and pressing himself flat up against the wall opposite, John breathed out a silent laugh of nervous disbelief. Had Sherlock not thought to mention that he
on a date everybody else seemed to think that they were). It was difficult to think clearly with the heat and the tension and the warm food in his stomach. "I don't know, Sherlock." He looked down at his plate, fiddling with his cutlery. "It's not something I think about."
At this he sat up a little straighter, frowning. "Sorry to be rude, but, who the hell exactly are you?"
Sherlock visibly brightened, sitting up straight and bringing his hands together in front of him. "Oh good, are we done here? We could go for a walk up to Greenwich Park, visit the observatory."
"It's fine," Sherlock managed to force out, pulling himself away from John and struggling to stand –
Another miniscule twitch of her heavy eyebrows. "That's a relatively short space of time considering -"
Standing outside in the chilly night air and staring up at Greg's house, John wished he'd brought a coat.
It still sounded odd. Then again, it would solve the problem. Sort of. "Right. You're sure this is... all right?"
"Now take the violin in your left hand and rest it on your shoulder" - Sherlock handed him his beloved violin and waited for John to do what he told him. Again, he had blind faith in Sherlock and propped the violin on his shoulder.
A few millimeters the legs of the detective moved closer to John. He pressed himself more firmly against his friend until they were touching all over his body, lengthwise. John could feel the hot breath of the taller man on the back of his neck, a shiver ran down his body and his heart began to race. Sherlock, for his part, was gently tickled by John's hair on his face. And then there was that feeling again. It was the same as always, and yet somehow very different. This time it felt better, more pleasant.
"I've had this funny feeling for some time now" - Sherlock stopped again and seemed to be searching for the right words. - "I feel kind of oppressed. Not haunted-oppressed, or dangerously-oppressed. It's more of a- It feels like something's missing. Like I've forgotten something very important. But I can't find it in my mind palace. Sometimes I get nervous for no reason and I think my pulse and heartbeat speed up. Only at night I can calm down. That is why I am awake all night. It's the only time I have peace from this feeling" - Waiting, Sherlock looked at his colleague. He now put all his hopes in his friend's knowledge of human nature. Surely he could help him. He was good at all this emotional stuff, after all.
"I wish I had some special talent, too. I always wanted to learn an instrument, but somehow I never did. I don't know why" - "Then I'll teach you" - "What?" - Had John heard wrong now? Probably not, because Sherlock just held out his hand to indicate that he should come to him. Without knowing what John was getting into, he put his hand in the detective's and simply trusted him. Just as he always did.
And right at that moment, Sherlock had an effect on John that he had never had before. He suddenly felt immensely attracted to the consulting Detective. His pulse quickened and the words literally stuck in his throat. He just couldn't help but stand there and watch him. He could only watch and listen to the music he had cursed so much just moments ago. It gave him goosebumps and never before had the music Sherlock played touched him so much.
Unfortunately, John knew as little about it as Sherlock did. He tried to figure out what these feelings meant, but couldn't really put them into context. Sherlock seemed to sense his not knowing, because he snorted and got up from his chair.
They remained like that for a few minutes until the piece finally came to an end and the sounds of the violin slowly faded away.
Watson closed his eyes briefly to enjoy the music, but opened them again a few seconds later. He wanted to watch Sherlock. He wanted to see his slender fingers touching the strings, the other gently gliding the bow over them. Sherlock himself kept his eyes closed, letting his own music envelop him, playing with a feeling he had never played with before. He wanted this piece to be flawless. Even more than flawless, he wanted it to be perfect.
Sherlock guided his hand back a little and then stroked the strings of the violin with his bow gauzily and almost imperceptibly. For the first time, John realized that a lot of sensitivity was needed to play such an instrument properly. Sherlock's movements were gentle and almost unassuming. He did not play a distinct melody. He merely held John's left hand fingers on some strings and let his right hand do the rest. He first gave John a feel for the instrument they held together. He stroked the strings in different strengths, sometimes shorter, sometimes longer, so that they produced something like a melody, even if always in the same pitch.
It was late at night and Watson had recently been trapped in a deep and sound sleep until suddenly the sounds of a violin entered his consciousness. Grumbling, he opened his eyes and tried to ignore the sounds at first, but that was easier said than done. The music was simply far too loud to be easily ignored. Sherlock! Thought the doctor angrily and with a heavy heart he pushed the blanket aside. He put one of his bare feet down on the cold wooden floor to let the next one follow. Annoyed, he went down the stairs to make it clear to Sherlock that he should keep his hands off that damn violin at such an ungodly hour!
"Bertholdy. A Song without Words, No.1" - How John came up with this piece, of all things, was a mystery to himself. He himself had no idea about classical music, but he once had a girlfriend who was totally crazy about it. And somehow this song had stayed in his memory.  It was a very beautiful song and John was sure that it would suit Holmes.
“It’s the texture of synthetic furs I find repulsive.  I never said I disliked the real thing.”  And as if to demonstrate, he rubbed the collar against his cheek.  “That feels rather lovely.”
“Anyway,” said Sally, getting back to business.  “I didn’t get much more out of her, except she did say she was at that party you mentioned.  There was a treasure hunt.  Your dad gave all the kids a list of things to find and return to him, things you could find around the estate.  An acorn, a pinecone, a sprig of ivy, that kind of thing.  My sister was older than the other kids, and smarter.  While they all took off, willy-nilly, looking for the items, she sat down and made a plan.  She worked clockwise around the entire yard and finished first.  This is what she won.”
John’s hand shook as he made his way to the back of the pub, his feet carrying him steadily onward although he knew he had no reason to interfere with Sherlock’s private life.  It just seemed off.  And God help him, if Sherlock were exchanging sex for drugs, John would bloody well throttle both of them right there on the spot.
Perhaps I should get a dog.  Would be handy at crime scenes, I suppose.  John says I do enough inhalation of the evidence as it is and gets tetchy if I put my nose too close to something he deems dangerous or disease-ridden.  Sniffing out a killer would be so much more efficient.
“Of course.  But I was young, and it was a serious allegation.  I’m not sure what came of it.  My parents refused to discuss it with me.”
No, that was a person.  It was very faint, somewhere in the massive house, but John’s ears recognized a person in pain.  What the bloody fuck was going on?  Was
Together they carefully sowed the seeds around the stump, poking holes with their fingers in the freshly-tilled, fragrant earth, inserting the little black seeds, and gently tamping the soil down on top of them.
Below there was a small tin box, no bigger than a cigarette packet.  At one time it must have been painted with what looked like a Parisian scene, but most of the paint had worn off, and it was caked with rust.  The box opened with little effort, however, and inside were two keys.  One was of the old, brass skeleton variety, and the other, a modern mortice.  John knelt there, his gun and birds on the bench nearly forgotten.  He knew, without a doubt, that he was holding the keys to the locked garden.
James’ large hands became Sherlock’s , his feet became an extension of his dick and all the messages got crossed.  “Oh God, that’s
“So,” Sherlock says.  “You bring the instrument up to your lips -- don’t try to bend to it, bring it to you.  There.  Yes.  Now, most of the sound comes from your lips.  Focus the stream of air into the instrument -- don’t puff your cheeks out.  Breathe through your mouth, too.  It takes quite a bit of air, so breathe with your diaphragm so you don’t hyperventilate.  Now try making a few different sounds simply by changing your lips.”
John couldn’t disagree.  Yet if Sherlock’s brain were his biggest sex organ, there was no way for John to compare.  He wasn’t stupid, not even close, but next to Sherlock…it wasn’t a fair comparison.  Sherlock’s brain was his most powerful sex organ, and John wondered how he’d stimulate it.  Dirty talk?  Erotic letters?  Explicitly describing his erections in purely medical terms?  He felt doubt and apprehension crawl through him, poisoning his earlier happiness.
She made a little humming noise before turning toward the small car park.  Thank God she didn’t offer to carry it.  He’d nearly died of embarrassment when an elderly woman on the train attempted to give up her seat for him.  “This way.”
“Well,” said Sherlock, disentangling himself.  “We’ll have to repeat that.  I was looking at you when you did it.”
Without second thought, John was off, Donovan at his side, weaving in and out of sweaty, colourful bodies.  A haze still hung in the air, making it harder to see.  John lost sight of Sherlock but kept pace with Donovan, who was quickly going to outpace him.
“I think we may be receiving company for dinner.  While I was walking, my dearest brother phoned.  He seems to find it necessary that we meet the owner.  It seems they’re rather chummy. Something to do with horses, apparently.”
Eventually Mr. Chapman opened the door and smiled.  “Dr. Watson!  Do come in.  How are you getting on with the anatomy book?”
Once, long ago over some holiday I’ve since deleted, I spent a weekend with several of my  insufferable cousins.  One of them proudly showed me the romance novels he’d nicked from our grandmother’s bookcase.  He and the others giggled and blushed over the lurid descriptions of genitals, marvelling over ridiculous phraseology and cliched descriptions of women’s breasts, thighs, and vulva.  They sniggered over the adjectives used to describe the male anatomy, words like “turgid” and “swollen” and “engorged” and “throbbing”.
A few days later, John realized Sherlock had never returned the handkerchief, and for some reason, he didn’t feel the need to ask.
Sherlock stood and stretched; John saw he was still hard, and the thought filled him with a sense of pride, of power.  John stood too, brushed the remains of daisies from his trousers and dust from his rear.  He was thirsty; the early afternoon sun (and his intense arousal) making him just shy of too hot.
John was dressed (the well-fitting jeans and polo shirt courtesy of Mycroft) and ready to go when Sherlock burst into his room without knocking.  “I can’t THINK!” Sherlock yelled as he flung himself into John’s spare chair, a habit he’d taken to that John could not seem to get him to stop.  “There’s this horrible noisy thing that sands floors and some dreadful woman keeps floating around taking pictures and wants to redecorate my room.  It’s still
John followed Owens’ battered blue Fiesta down the driveway to a stone garage.  He had no idea whether Owens was actually dangerous, so he decided to take stock of possible weapons in case he’d need one: there, to the left, a pile of wood with an axe driven into a formidable-sized log; rocks the size of cannonballs on the right next to the fence; a rake leaning up against the side of the garage -- all would do in a pinch if Owens got violent.  What if Owens
In the back, Sherlock rolled his eyes and heaved a sigh of great suffering, not that anyone was paying attention to him.
“I’ll admit I’d entertained the idea before that day.  But seeing you like that, deducing what you must have felt for me to react so strongly, it just…”  He huffed a breath out his nose, unable to articulate exactly what it was he meant to say.  “And then I knew, later, as we drove back, you tight around me just like this.  That maybe you could be more than just my friend.
John smiled as he brought the empty tray back to Mrs. Hudson, who couldn’t believe it all returned in one piece.
“Consulting detective,” he said as he shut the door behind him, emphasizing the modifier and raising his eyebrows.
“It’s all good.  Just keep going,” Sherlock moaned into the pillow, where he lay face down naked on his bed, John crouched over him, touching him slowly with long, broad strokes of his fur-encased hand.  Once John started on his lower back, though, Sherlock gave up all scientific pursuit of knowledge in lieu of simply feeling.  It was hypnotic, and Sherlock was lost in a sleepy, warm haze of sensation.  John was tracing patterns on his skin, down his torso, over his bum, across his thighs and back up.  How many minutes passed this way Sherlock couldn’t calculate for the life of him.  A meteor could have destroyed half of London and it would be of no concern to him.
Sherlock’s cool, aloof demeanour had slipped somewhat.  John felt somewhat proud to share these private moments with a person who, as Mrs. Hudson said, didn’t have friends.  As far as John knew, he might be Sherlock’s only friend.  Friendship didn’t come intuitively to him, it seemed, or if it had, he’d ‘deleted’ it or something in favour of logical reasoning.  Either way, John felt he’d found a kindred spirit in the man.  He didn’t give much stock to notions of fate or destiny, but he couldn’t help feeling like he’d found something he’d been missing, something he had waited a long time for.  He’d grown to care very deeply for Sherlock, and while Sherlock still didn’t quite function within the normal parameters of any other man John had ever known, John thought...or felt, rather...that Sherlock felt the same.  Maybe it was some stupid romantic notion.  Maybe it was a figment of his imagination or a manifestation of his own lonely heart.  But when Sherlock finally declared Professor Plum (a morally dubious scientist devoted to doing nefarious things with the Higgs-Boson particle) the murderer and declared himself a superior intellectual being, the way he looked at John for confirmation of the fact, the way his eyes seemed to say “validate me”, confirmed to John that he had somehow insinuated himself into Sherlock’s sphere, that he now had a place, albeit small, among the myriad facets of Sherlock’s mind palace.
John took the train home to Burnett Thwaite and cycled back to Holmes Hall to see a familiar red Royal Mail delivery van parked outside.  Sherlock was signing for something.  John waved and nodded at Owens and rode around back to put his bike in Lestrade’s garage.
John stares at the flames for a long time before he sips his drink again. It’s comforting and mellow, like old leather furniture in a library. He drinks much less than he used to and no longer keeps alcohol in the flat.  The glass is stemless; he can feel his wedding ring clink against the side.  Funny how he never notices it anymore, but ever since his spat with Rosie it seems to be -- not taunting him, per se, but making its presence known.
When his pension came in every month he took £50 and went to the Porter and Sorter, where he sat, alone, and drank pints of bitter until the money ran out.  Then he staggered home and justified his actions by telling himself it was only once a month, that he wasn’t like his sister, that he wasn’t an addict, that he had the right to get as pissed as he wanted to after losing both his career and his comrades-in-arms.
Sentiment.  Funny how it produced funny feelings in the transport.  Sweaty palms, some kind of aching in the chest, a quick cramp in the gut.  Oh, wait.  That wasn’t sentiment.  Sherlock looked to the left.  He looked to the right.  He observed John, listening attentively, and Greg, talking to someone and sounding official.  Just because he
“There is no key, really.  They just need a special blend of essential nutrients.  Garden lime and cow manure worked into the soil at the beginning of the season help, but you can do it anytime.  It’s a heavy feeder, so it needs more phosphorous during peak growing season to get it to bloom.  It’s prone to powdery mildew and black spot, annoyingly.  But growing roses is not that difficult.  Lestrade just has bad luck with them.  I suppose I could clue him in, but I rather enjoy watching him struggle.”
Sherlock cleans his nose, gingerly wiping it with a warm wet flannel.  His lip needs ice or it will swell so badly he won’t be able to play.  He hasn’t touched the tuba in two years and it’s the only thing that can comfort him now.
John awoke too early, finding Sherlock’s erection nestled happily in the space between his thighs and buttocks.  He pressed back, experimentally, and found that this, too, could be fruitful.
John marvels at my body, the way it goes through the sexual response cycle as everyone else’s does.  He still finds it completely absorbing, as if I had never had a libido before.  I have, of course, explained to him that I simply abstained, that I could control myself.  He’d just never had the occasion to witness it, before.  What would he have done, anyway, before we were lovers?  How would have responded, had he seen me in the shower, in my bed, or occasionally on the sofa, indulging in a bit of self-pleasure.  (“I would have bloody well joined in,” he says now.  He wouldn’t have. It would have been a bit not good.  That was before.  I do not think of before often.  Rather upsetting.)
right to John, and for a man who made major life decisions based on the unexplainable stirrings of heart and gut, ignoring it was not an option.  John intuitively
“Navya!”  Sam marched out of the laundry room holding a sheet by her thumb and forefinger.  It trailed behind her like a soiled wedding veil.  “Who the fook was in the honeymoon suite this weekend?”
“Oh no,” said John after Sherlock looked at him with a glint in his eye.  “You’re not making me up.”
.  And if John moved up just a bit, like that, he could see where his cock disappeared, the stretch of skin surrounding him.
Mrs. Hudson gave a hiccuping sob.  “He won’t eat a thing!” she confessed, then realized her error and sobbed again.
“Oh God, oh God!” Smith was screaming from across the street.  One moment he was standing, the other he wasn’t.
“His books, probably.  And his chemistry equipment.  That boy and his experiments.  Electrocuted a squirrel once.”
“The thing is,” John said after a long silence in which they sipped their drinks, “is that I don’t feel the need to apologise.  This sounds stupid, but I was
As it turned out, Sherlock had a beautiful smaller-than-average penis.  John found it fit rather well in his mouth, and he did not gag or sputter through his first blow job.  In fact, he found he could go for ages without his jaw aching whatsoever, of which was glad, as Sherlock tasted amazing.  That small penis was perfectly capable of shooting load after load across John’s chest, his face, his arse, his own larger-than-average penis.  John loved the way they looked together, the way they both fit in Sherlock’s hands.  John found he loved frottage, loved to watch that slim cock rub against his own as Sherlock rocked above him.  He loved to watch it bounce as Sherlock rode him.  As it turned out, that small prick felt lovely rubbing against his hole, although he found he didn’t particularly enjoy anything
I must have been for some time now, my body responding to his as we slept, my cock filling, expanding, seeking the warmth of John’s body.  I shift a bit, seeking to extract my arm from underneath John’s head.  I’ve been curled up too long; my body longs to stretch.  I do so as gently as I can as not to wake John.  Not yet.
“No,” said John just as Sherlock said, “his leg.”  Their eyes met again - Sherlock’s expression was completely schooled, although John could tell there was something
“Me too, but it’s the only one we’ve got.  Whoops, here’s some more.  Might as well strip all the pillows, dear.  This one’s fooked.”
“Perhaps he is too selfish and too much of an arsehole to really navigate one with any chance of long-term success.  Perhaps he knows there are dark places inside himself that would be impossible to share.  And perhaps he has never felt this way before, not really, and has no idea how to proceed with his unprecedented emotions.  Bothersome, that.  His genius does not extend beyond the realm of the cerebral.  He does know he feels, though, and deeply.  Perhaps he, too, fears rejection, of spoiling something he considers...precious.”
He was struck by the urge to share something with her, something to thank her for fixing his finger, something to ameliorate some of the pain of being rejected by a man who maybe was incapable of love altogether.  Then, he knew.
It was nearing evening when the police finally left with Lillian and Robert Leybourne, who created a great deal of fuss and indignation about the whole matter.  Sherlock shut him down in his typical condescending fashion, deducing him publicly in front of his father, who had become a horrified weepy mess, weeping into his G&T about who was going to save Willow Cross, how would he afford the upkeep on the horses, and that all his hopes were lost.  John did his best to pacify the poor man and suffered through another hour’s worth of questioning and paperwork before Sherlock announced to the whole lot that his involvement was no longer necessary.
“No.”  Sherlock’s eyes danced.  John could see the excitement in his face, even if the room was lit only by a small lamp at the far side of the room.  “How would you like to do a bit of exploring?”
Owens remained silent.  John wondered if Owens kept a loaded weapon on the premises.  He had several chickens to protect from the local foxes.
That was, until, he realised very early on that Sherlock had no problem eating from unwashed plates and cups, digging around in skips, leaping into the Thames without regard for his made-to-measure suits, or -- this was truly surprising -- refusing to wash out of sheer petulance.  Sherlock did not fear blood, guts, body fluids, microbes, or putrefaction.  Nor, (to John’s great relief) did Sherlock have any objections to putting his lips and tongue on any part of John’s body.  Thank God for that.
“The bottle was slightly warmer than the rest,” replied Sherlock, the corner of his mouth turning up with pride at his own cleverness.  “You had obviously held it in your hand for a considerable amount of time, and the only reason you would have done that is if you’d got  lost in your thoughts, and because it was massage oil, you were likely thinking of either physical therapy or a massage of a more intimate nature, so your thoughts strayed to sex and you momentarily lost track of time, as you usually do when you think about sex.  I thought you might be able to appreciate it.  You go through shower gel at an alarming rate and that lotion you sometimes use is that horrible antibacterial stuff you bring home from the clinic.  Frankly, I can’t see how that would be at all comfortable on your genitals.  Not emollient whatsoever.”
The man lifted his head.  “Really? That’s not what people usually say.”  He looked genuinely surprised.
.”  Sherlock huffed and turned his back on John, taking most of the blanket with him and presenting most of his arse to the room.
They finished packing the suitcase, and Mrs. Hudson put the muff back on top.  “Never liked that yucky thing.”
“Ten years. The first few were really great, right?”  Lestrade sat up a bit, brushed his gloved hands on his jeans, and reached into his jacket for a water bottle.  “Then it all went to hell.  I used to do police work.  Was a detective inspector in Leeds for nearly twenty years.  I guess you can only be really devoted to a woman or really devoted to a being a cop.”  He took a sip of his water.  “After the divorce I went through a bit of a tough time.  Had to take an early retirement.  I moved out here, and now it’s just me and the earth.  Don’t have to deal with other people’s shite all day.  The flowers, they don’t talk back or miss you if you’re gone, you know?”
Sherlock must have been struggling with the same feelings, for he couldn’t seem to fall asleep either.  He kept moving this way and that.  He’d roll over, rub his feet together, roll the other way, flop on his back, spoon John only to kick the covers off again.  After nearly an hour of it, John finally sat up and turned on the small bedside lamp.
“And he told his father.  I don’t know exactly what happened, but the police came to our house.  Mum denied everything, said nothing was happening, that Sherlock was a freaky little boy who enjoyed causing problems and put his nose where it didn’t belong.”  She cringed a bit as she said it.  “My sisters said nothing.  Shortly after, we moved back to Leeds.”
John looked at Sherlock, who resembled a child banished to the corner for wrongdoing.  John propped himself up a bit.  “Sherlock, come over here and watch.”  In the dim light of the room, Sherlock’s cheekbones looked even more pronounced as he continued to scowl.  John smiled at him, a warm smile, one that said
“You have...feelings...for someone whom you believe does not return your affections or is unattainable.  Yes or no?”
John waited, his aggravation dissipating.  “No, Sherlock.  It’s about pleasure. So don’t even tell me you don’t know just how many nerve endings are in fingertips or lips. Because you do.  It’s about self-gratification, about feeling that you’re worth something.  You should, by all accounts, enjoy it, you, who has to be the centre of attention, upstaging a goddamn corpse.   It’s more than feeling good, though, it’s about wanting and being wanted.  Sometimes,  it’s even about love!”  he finished, voice dripping sarcasm, before instantly regretting it.  He sighed, feeling at once great pity for his closest friend.  “Look, it’s fine.  Just...it’s fine.”
“You know,” came that deadly baritone from somewhere under the covers, “I had an aunt once who made spectacular vanilla panna cotta.”
“Your ‘embouchure’ made me see stars, you berk.”  There’s a lazy silence.  “Why haven’t you been playing?”
Sherlock tamed his hair in the mirror.  “I suppose it’s a legitimate concern,” he said, shrugging.  “I can’t say I don’t occasionally feel the desire.  I’ve locked it away, but sometimes that door slips open.  She keeps a key,” he said quietly, almost to himself.  “Cocaine.”  He said the word almost in a sigh, nearly reverent.  It chilled John to the bone.  “However,” he continued, “I have significant reasons not to allow myself to return to it.  And those are more powerful than chemical enhancement.  You asked me earlier what I fear.  I fear very little, John.  But losing you would be unbearable.”
As soon as the buzzer sounded and the lock engaged, the tears were quickly dismissed with, dispatched from his face with a quick swipe of a hand, never to return again.  Sherlock strode through that door in Belgravia with the confidence of a crocodile and a smile to match. Later, after the chapter of the Woman was (hopefully) securely closed, John marvelled at just  how strange it was.  Bloody madman could weep on command but couldn’t muster a single tear for her death or her resurrection.
“You know, I think that’s plenty for tonight,” muses John.  He crosses the room and slides the curtain aside.  It’s very dark outside.
John rubbed his hand over his face.  “Because I care about you, you idiot.  A lot.  And I don’t fancy seeing you hurt, OK?”  His face felt hot.
“You know how he is.  He gets ideas in that head of his and then forgets about all common sense.  Anyway, I made the two of you supper.”  She stopped sweeping and leaned in conspiratorially.  “I think he wants to apologise,” she mock-whispered.
Later that night they sat in the sitting room in their respective chairs, Sherlock on his laptop and John reading the newspaper.  John was focussed on a story about the spread of a new virus in South America when Sherlock made a noise.  A surprised type of noise, a little exhale with just a bit of sound.
However it didn’t take long into their new relationship before Sherlock had reached for John’s hand during a blowjob and placed it on his backside.  “I love it,” he’d said breathlessly.  “Touch it.  Please.”  John nearly came just from the words alone.
John doesn’t usually wear aftershave.  He used to, when he was dating the most boring women on the planet.  He grew wary of all smelly products for awhile, and had an aversion to any woman wearing distinctive perfume.  He ditched the Tom Ford
John rather felt like he had a giant sign above his head, blinking “We’ve Just Had Incredible Sex” in red neon.  He and Sherlock had not come down from the honeymoon suite holding hands or giggling, neither of them had love bites (he’d checked, twice, just to make sure), and neither of them was walking crooked.  Yet when he and Sherlock approached the table on the veranda where the local CID Inspector, Lestrade, Mycroft and Phillip Leybourne were taking tea, the four of them stopped and stared.  John could imagine the thoughts in each of their heads:
She shrugged.  “As it turned out, my father had lost his job right around then anyway, so moving back to Leeds just seemed practical.”
“Mr. Holmes has been a client here for many years.  He’s rather pleased with our newest package, but then again, most of our clients are.  There’s nothing like being able to truly relax and clear your mind, now, is there?”
“It’s usually not a big deal,” explained Sherlock.  “But Brandon, the cat abuser, also suffered an extremely rare and serious cardiac sequelae from the bacteria and died.”
“He always said how clever you were,” Owens said, teeth clenched together.  “Find it, then, if you’re so convinced I have it.”
Sherlock managed to wrestle away.  He stood, glaring down at John, and tried to stuff his shirt back into his trousers.  His hair was a mess, his cheeks were red, and his eyes were full of hurt and indignation.
“There is no literature that shows a correlation between cognitive function and SSRIs.  Lethargy, perhaps, but we could tinker with dosages and…”
Sherlock sat back, smirking, pleased with himself.  Juvenile and base, yes, but there was always something very satisfying about revenge.  And he had made John laugh.   Even better, he had outfarted two very masculine men, which he supposed gave him some kind of male prowess.
Thankful for his handkerchief, John wrapped his throbbing finger the best he could and hoped Lestrade wasn’t in the main walled garden. He’d made it out of the garden and was walking along the wall, heading back to his room and half-concocting a story to tell in case he was questioned and wondering how on earth he was going to stitch himself up when he turned the corner and bodily collided with Molly.
John watched with interest as Molly set down her things and crouched next to him.  “They’ll never bloom if these aphids suck all the juices out of them.”  She opened the box and captured a ladybird on her finger.  It climbed to the top of her index finger, paused, lifted its wings, and took flight.
“Worried that you’ll let this slip sometime in the wrong company.  It’s just a bit kinky.  Sex with inanimate objects, Sherlock.”
“Or is it Shakespeare?  Plenty of material about fathers in there, am I right?  No, not Shakespeare.  No.  I don’t…”
Sherlock said nothing.  They stayed there until the moon was high overhead, bathing the garden with a pale, watery light.
help.  Once situated,  John opened the files on the laptop and began reading Molly’s report of the post-mortem and the deceased’s pathology results.  Molly’s conclusion: cause of death -- serotonin syndrome.
John smiled to himself, his eyes still closed.  “That is something you should never, ever apologise for,” he said, his voice sleep-rough.  “Honestly.  You’ve done wonders for my ego.”
John’s latest blog entries were set to private.  He wrote about the garden, about the things he’d learned about plants and flowers.  Sometimes he wrote about loneliness, formless poems that were for his eyes only.  He wrote about the people who were now in his life, and sometimes he wrote about the people who were no longer in his life.
“This is not my area, John,” Sherlock said as the car pulled up to the estate.  It was gorgeous, absolutely gorgeous.  Spring had finally broken through and the grounds were manicured and the trees were all flowering, the mansion looking stately and proud at the end of a long driveway.  Lines from
Sherlock slipped from his seat and waded across the pool on his knees until he was directly in front of John, who no longer felt quite in control of his body.
Something about the way the linen was lying over the massage table struck him as odd, as if there were a slight protrusion on one side.  He went over, lifted up the sheet, and found a little drawer built into the side of the table.  Sliding it out, he expected to find more oils, or towels, or other implements of relaxation - instead, there were rows of boxes.  Small boxes.  Lifting one out, John shone his light across the label, which was printed in both English and Chinese:  sterile acupuncture needles.
“Yeah right.  You had two glasses.  I’ve seen you knock back a few glasses of whisky without the ensuing innuendo.  Are you sure you’re OK?”
“Of course.  I know everyone.  Quiet little thing.  Well, he was, until he grew tall and learned how to argue.  Then you couldn’t shut the boy up.  He’d come in with his father sometimes when he was little.  I heard through the grapevine that he’s back at the house.  Been in some trouble, most like.”
“So sentimental,” John laughed.  “No, really.  Bodies age.  Minds can be lost.  Spirits can be broken.”
“Gentlemen, I bid you a lovely afternoon.  It seems that when one crisis is resolved, another arises to take its place.  John.  Sherlock.”
thought John.  That’s what that was last night, that little titbit of information.  Sherlock’s way of passing the ball into John’s court.  But what was it?  A hint?  A flirtation?  A suggestion?   Was this
That is not to say I cannot appreciate the more classically beautiful smells.  Women’s perfume is an exercise in chemistry (and while interesting, does nothing for my libido.)  I suppose in a way perfume is pleasant, but it has nothing on the damascenones that are responsible for the delicate aroma of the hybrid tea rose.  Mrs. Hudson’s baking, cinnamon and sugar, are enticing.  The perfume of my mother’s Crabtree and Evelyn jojoba oil hand cream comforts me.
Owens studied John for a moment, and John wondered if he had more to say.  He must have thought better of it, for he wished John a good day and went back to his red van.
He knew that Sherlock would know if there was any missing, and he was so weirded out by Sherlock’s “data collection” that the bottle went promptly back on the shelf and John let the hot water wash away the day.
“Fine,” John said at last.  “Then I’m out.  You can stay here in this place yourself or take on someone else.  I heard someone.  A real person, screaming fit to wake the dead.  Don’t tell me that it’s my PTSD or my imagination.  I know what I heard.”
John regarded her closely; Molly was really beautiful in her own right: deep brown eyes, turned-up nose, expressive mouth.  Her skin was lovely, smooth and flushed from the afternoon heat.  He was glad for her company and truly wished her the best.
“But it’s not,” said John, taking the flower and holding it gently in his hand.  “It’s Sherlock’s, and the only place in the world it grows is in the Holmes gardens.”
Then, Sherlock was leaning up to meet him for a kiss, and they rearranged limbs with a quick exchange of shy smiles until everything was lined up properly.
“I suppose he doesn’t.  Rather sad, that.  Everyone should have a friend.”  She crossed her arms, pulling her cardigan tighter around her.  “Even him.”
John failed to secure a sexual partner for the evening.  He’ll do it in a clinical fashion, too, as if John were just another silly human being with stupid biological urges that he can not control.
The dildo -- a 9” long, 2.75” wide realistic masterpiece that had set him back 30 quid -- collided with the wall with a loud, rubbery thud.  Panting and sweating, John lay on his bed cursing the damn thing and his body which would not, despite coaxing, meditating, relaxing, massaging, and being slicked with specially-designed numbing lube, accept it.  Everything that had led up to the actual penetration had been wonderful: he’d been fantasizing about Sherlock, that the faux dick in his hands was Sherlock’s, and that Sherlock was getting off on rubbing it all over John’s perineum and arsehole.  John had shivered as he worked it over himself, trembling in anticipation, and nearly came when he’d begun to nudge the thing against his hole in earnest.
I’ve been known to rather enjoy all sorts of smells other people find off-putting.  Even the most rank things (rubbish dumps) at least smell interesting.  I might be one of the only people who legitimately enjoys the smell of decomposition.  Granted, it depends on what is decomposing.  A week-old corpse pulled from the Thames is one thing.  The forest floor is another.  Organic decay: rare fungi, worm excreta, damp mosses.  Rotting bark.  The dampness of a cellar, complete with mould.  The sweet smell of fermentation: yeast on apple or grape.  A glass of wine worth drinking holds a fragrant bouquet. I can appreciate the ripeness of a good, ripe cheese.  The byproducts of bacteria.  Sulphur compounds.  Methane gas.
“Excellent!  Now, to find us a flat.  Somewhere in Zone 1, no more than 200 metres from the tube; Barbican might work, or Spitalfields.  At a pinch, somewhere near the Silicon Roundabout.  But definitely not south of the river.  A man must maintain certain standards when seeking appropriate accommodation. I’d also prefer…”
“I’m sorry if it’s frustrating.”  He swallowed.  As much as he would hate to leave, maybe Sherlock needed some space.  “Do you want me to go...”
Finally he arrived at the black plastic tarpaulin covering the east wing hallway.  Fuck it, he thought, and, as quietly as he could, peeled the tape away until he could slip past.  He palmed his torch and stuck close to the wall, trying to calm his heartbeat.
“Come here,” said Sherlock, the tone of his voice now gentle and seductive.  John eyed him dubiously, convinced Sherlock would drag him back out and dunk him again, but when Sherlock held out his arms, made sad eyes at him, and called his name
.  John barely had a chance to think about how that might actually work (backwards?) before Sherlock descended upon him, capturing his mouth in a wet and insistent kiss.
Together they waded to shore, where Sherlock carefully placed the boots on the grass before grasping John in a tight (if cold and wet) embrace.  “This was a brilliant idea,” he said, stepping back, cupping John’s face in his big hands, and kissing him soundly, with just enough force to make John’s rather cold penis give a slight twitch of interest.  Sherlock pulled back, picked up his prize, and began to trek back to the house.  John was momentarily distracted by Sherlock’s bum in tight, wet pants before he realised he was being left behind.  “Wait!” he called.  “Your clothes!”
John gave Mike the number and pulled out his mobile -- Harry’s old phone, a present from her now ex-fiancee, Clara.  It was fairly new and rather complicated, and he couldn’t turn it down.  She’d helped him change the number and set up a plan; things had changed so much with cellular technology since last he’d been a civilian.  John had never taken to technology the way his sister had.  He still hunt-and-pecked when he typed and he had no desire to learn to do it properly.
“Well, that’s straight out,” John says.  “That’s not a lark you’ve got there.  I hereby re-name it ‘The Ostrich Ascending’.”
John smiled and looked fondly at his beautiful, strange, amazing lover.  “I don’t know.  Do you steal the covers?” he asked cheekily as he settled in beside him.
“Basic human biology, Dr. Watson.  The chemistry of attraction is well-documented.  Simply observe respiration and heart rates, look for biological responses to hormone release, such as dilated pupils or a flush to the skin when the person in question is in the presence of his beloved.”
“Yes, but nothing incredibly interesting. I haven’t been able to check it, either.  Mycroft took my mobile.”  He frowned petulantly.
He did his normal bedtime routine, including stretching the resistance band, put on his pyjamas, lit the gas fire, and sat down to read his book.  Within moments he was asleep.
“Warning me about what?” she shouts.  “That you’re going to turn into a mean, grumpy old arsehole if I don’t shut up?  ‘Cause guess what?  You already are one!”  The thin thread holding them together snaps.  She grabs her backpack and slings it over her shoulder.  “I’m going out.  Nice chatting with you, Dad.”
John tried to breathe through his nose, but his heart was pounding and felt like it had lodged somewhere in his throat; a fluttery-queasy feeling curled around his belly.  Was this really happening?  Was he really sitting in one of the most beautiful places he’d ever been, his own piece of earth, his secret garden, faced with the prospect of starting something new, something
“Woah,” said John, grabbing an oven glove from the worktop and rescuing the blackened remains of a pan of beans.  “Slow down there.”
“Hey, wait a second,” said John, who was ignored completely.  Sherlock attacked his wardrobe next.  He looked like some overgrown rodent digging a burrow, jumpers and t-shirts flying behind him like clumps of dirt.  John raised his voice.  “Look, you crazy git, they’re in my bag.”
“Partner,” muttered Mr. Campbell again, under his breath, shaking his head.  He took a pair of glasses from his front pocket and fitted them low on his nose.
.  The black cloth cover was battered and faded, but the gold lettering was still fairly crisp and clear.  The date read 1895.  “Now,” said Mr. Chapman, “it’s not a first edition or anything, but it’s still highly collectable.”
One of the most marvellous things about being penetrated, John thought, was that he could feel Sherlock inside him, his hard length, and if he concentrated, he fancied he could even feel his pulse through his cock.  He wasn’t so accustomed to it that it wasn’t completely without discomfort, but the pressure eased quickly enough.  Sherlock hit his prostate best like this, from behind, and while they couldn’t easily kiss or look at each other in this position, John found that he could close his eyes and just concentrate on the bright spark of pleasure that radiated every time Sherlock thrust in.  Sherlock was controlled in his movements, too; John never felt as if he were getting jabbed, poked, or used, but rather like he was welcoming Sherlock into his body, that he was not simply allowing it, but offering it because it honestly felt good.  Even now, as Sherlock was beginning to thrust forward, pulling out just an inch or so to push back in, John felt the pleasurable tug of his stretched rim, the lubricant letting them slide together as if they were meant to: a well-greased engine, a mechanical marvel.
“My father had a full head of hair at the end of his life.  Same with my mother’s father.  Turned silver, of course, but remained an unruly mop long into their eighties.”
“Sadly, no.  I’ve built a mind palace.  It’s a mental filing system of sorts.  Allows me to access obscure things I’ve memorized by linking them to more accessible schema.”
“Thinking, I told you.  I’m finding it very difficult to concentrate on two stimulating things simultaneously.  I’ll learn how.  I’ll have to do a little renovation work.”  He made a hand gesture near his skull to indicate
“Hang on,” said John, and went to find a shovel.  Luckily he’d left one in their secret garden, and thankfully he’d brought the key with him.
“You said on the way here that you know nothing about me,” Sherlock said as they walked along.  “And after last night you have questions.”
They’d been up all night, and now that the case is closed and they are heading home, the transport is making its demands known.  Hunger, while usually the first of his body’s cries for attention, isn’t currently on the top of the list.  He’d eaten earlier -- John had handed him something in a Pret a Manger bag (perhaps some kind of a cake?) -- and his stomach wasn’t protesting as it usually did.  No, at the moment, he really wasn’t thinking about food.  High on post-case adrenaline and buoyed by John’s praise, he allows himself to experience another kind of appetite. Something he’d long ago suppressed: desire.  Of the sexual kind, that is.
John swallows.  No.  Not now.  Not after all of this.  His heart can’t take it.  He forces himself to look up.  He steels himself for a confession of love.  What is he going to tell his wife if he...?
“It would make sense,” said Sherlock.  “If no one answered the door, Owens would have known my father well enough to know where to find him…in his garden.”
Sherlock hummed and brought his large hands down to John’s groin, one hand wrapping around his length while the other cupped his balls.  “Not here.  Just want to touch you for a while.”
What was stimulating his mind right now? Likely nothing.  And that, John thought, was what got him into trouble in the first place.
With nothing better to do, John decided he would work on his new project: the locked garden.  He gathered a few tools from Lestrade’s garage and sneaked in behind his curtain of ivy.
him.  James had changed whatever he had been doing to some kind of rhythmic hand-over-hand thing, and John’s mental train of thought went right where it wasn’t supposed to.
John’s face grew hot, ashamed at himself for feeling whatever it was he was feeling, and turned away.  Sherlock’s business was Sherlock’s business.  After all, if John was attempting to find a romantic partner, why shouldn’t Sherlock?  Still, something about it turned his stomach.  Not
Sometimes, John imagines what Sherlock would have looked like strung out, lost in a drug-induced oblivion.  It isn’t pretty.  John’s seen addicts, watched drugs destroy a body: sacrilege.  If Sherlock’s brain was his god, John, as his one and only friend, refused to let him destroy the temple.
“Hello, pretty,” said Molly, smiling away.  The robin answered back, chirping a few times, before flying off again, up to the right and out of sight beyond the tall wall.
One look at Mycroft spurred me into action.  I took an oyster from their impressive display on ice and carried it carefully back to the table where we had been seated (everyone had gone about mingling.  Boring.)  Upon further investigation, I found the oyster looked horribly revolting, which meant it was decidedly
“How could I?”  John felt an itch of irritation bloom somewhere in his chest.  “You never tell me anything.”
His romanticism sometimes earned him some good-natured jibes from his fellow soldiers, and even now, when he rarely met up with his old army mates, John was regaled with half-true stories of his sexual prowess.  (Watson, you short arse bastard, how the hell do you do it?  It’s the doctor thing, isn’t it.  It’s got to be).  And he’d smirk, raise his bottle, and drink to the bodies he’d healed with his hands and pleased with his tongue.
“Jesus, Sherlock,” he mutters into his pillow.  He’d better not choose this moment to have a crisis about cleanliness.  Don’t you see, John?  I want all of you.  The parts you would give to no one else out of consideration or embarrassment.  He understands.  I know he does, and he yields to my touch, concedes to my kink.
Sherlock sighed.  “Her father was incredibly jealous.  Of my parents, of their privilege, of the way they didn’t seem to care that they had money.  And I...I wasn’t exactly ‘normal’.”
John sleeps on, exhausted after a grueling case.  I’ve slept my fill and awoken pressed against his back.  I’m intensely aroused.
Thanks again to all who commented, read, and simply enjoyed this story, to those who took a chance on a premise that seems a little out there.  The Secret Garden?  Really?  What was she thinking?  Anyway, thanks.  Thanks.  Thanks.
“It would take me far too long to go through all of these,” Sherlock was saying.  “I’d say you used a fairly thick volume to press it originally, or even a flower press.  But you keep it somewhere special, don’t you?  Somewhere...sentimental.  After all, we don’t just toss mementoes under beds or into cupboards.  No, we treasure them, protect them.  And in your case, hide them.  Let’s see.  Ooh, look, you’ve organised by genre!  How clever.  Here’s American literature.  Like Mark Twain, do you?  And Hemingway?  And here are some classic Greek dramas.  Rather scandalous, those, if I remember correctly.  No, you wouldn’t have kept it in
Sherlock laugh-sobs and wipes at his eyes, sitting up.  He takes a few ragged breaths and sobs some more.  Tears are now coursing down his cheeks; his nose is running, and he sounds like he’s dying.  His body seems caught, no longer differentiating between joy and agony.
“Let him wake up a bit first, yeah?  It’s still early.”  John tugged on jeans, a shirt, and a lightweight jumper and went about making the bed. He hated an unmade bed - a residual habit of military life.  After, slapping a silly decorative pillow back in its proper location, John turned around to find Sherlock stripping off his suit - again.  He smiled seductively as he undid the buttons of his shirt, causing John’s face to heat.  “Oh, no you don’t,” he said firmly, pushing Sherlock through the bathroom door.  “Shower.  Coffee.  Eat.  Case.”
Mycroft smiled one of his smarmy smiles, but it didn’t quite reach his eyes.  “That won’t be a problem either.  And for God’s sake, don’t shoot anyone.”
John didn’t disagree.  He wiped his hands on his serviette and balled it up.  “Maybe it’s not symbolic at all.  Maybe the gardening bit just reminded her of your dad and she liked it because of that.  Or perhaps she just put the flower in randomly.  That story is in the middle of the book, after all.  It’s a good place to press a flower.”
Shortly after noon, there was a power cut.  A falling oak had destroyed a major cable serving Burnett Thwaite, and Yorkshire Electricity didn’t expect it to be repaired until evening.  The workers went home (having had their biscuits), and John was left to his own devices.
“No, it’s not.  Knowledge is power, Sherlock, I’ll not argue against that.  But so is love.  Ask Helen of Troy.”
“I always knew that Lillian was a sneaky little cow,” Joyce chimed in.  “What a bloody mess.  I’m hoping we’ll find a way to sort this.  Can’t afford to be out of a job.”  She frowned.  “Not after all the bloody graft we’ve put in.”
John flung off his backpack and knelt at her side.  Her pulse was weak and rapid.  “What happened?” John asked, searching the sea of faces around him for someone who knew her.  He was vaguely aware that Sherlock had appeared by his side.
“No, John.  I need hair.”  He waved his arms around in a flourish.  “I’m going to devote a page of my blog to it.  I need to begin gathering samples immediately.  Human only, of course,” he added, as if that would make John feel any better about the strangeness of the whole thing.
Thankfully the sound didn’t give him a night terror, but he got up and went to the window nonetheless.  Mycroft’s familiar figure climbed out of the helicopter.  Another man --Lestrade?-- came to his assistance, and together they helped a third figure out of the machine.  He couldn’t see clearly, but it looked like the newcomer wasn’t walking well on his own.
But there it was; it hadn’t gone after all.  He was still John.  Sherlock was still Sherlock.  The Earth was still orbiting the sun and everything would be OK.
John had his hand on the doorknob when Sherlock spoke again.  “I really could use someone with medical expertise,” he said.  “And the skull sometimes draws unwanted attention.  Next time there’s a case, would you like to join me?”
John catalogued the sensation, felt the shiver run through his body as Sherlock licked at the spot.  “I’m not...no, actually, that’s, that’s...not above the collarbone, okay, I’ve got to go to work tomorrow and…and…ow!”
John was summoned by Mycroft later the next afternoon.  Something about the man made John slightly uncomfortable; namely, that he was holding something back, and John hated dishonesty.
“Yes.  That was one thing about her that really stood out.  After my divorce from Annabel, I’m afraid to admit, the old WC fell on some hard times. Relaxation and beauty treatments were more her kind of thing than mine.  I needed someone to give the place a good kick up the backside.’
It was then when Sherlock’s arm finally gave in and he fell both fell flat on the bed, John still on top of him, panting and sweating and shaking and coming and coming and coming.
“Well, there’s this one garden that’s locked up.  Has been for over a two decades now.  I've never seen it.  ”  She leaned in conspiratorially.  “It belonged to the late Mr. Holmes.  From what I've heard, a kinder man never walked this planet.  See, well.  There was an accident” she whispered.  “No one talks about it anymore.  It’s still a very distressing to Mycroft and... and everyone.  So Archibald Holmes' garden stays locked.  I hear he hated that name; everyone called him Archie.  Loved to tend the earth so, when they were here.  It was his wife who was so brilliant.  She’d be studying or writing, mathematics, it was, and he’d potter about in that garden of his.  They tell me this place never lacked for fresh flowers, never.  He said “grow” and they’d just spring right out of the ground.”
The managed another two miles in silence before the odourous symphony began again, and with it, the giggles.
Traffic slowed back down.  Lestrade was still on the phone, John scribbling away, and they were nestled between two lorries on either side whose engines were loud enough combined make Lestrade speak up a bit and put his finger to his ear.
Sherlock doesn’t answer.  Instead, he gets up from the table and goes to his chair, places the bulky instrument on his lap, and replaces the mouthpiece.   “I really am very good.  I have perfected triple-tonguing.”
Mrs. Hudson’s hearing is not what it used to be.  But the low, groaning notes she’s hearing from upstairs decidedly do NOT come from a tuba.  Is Sherlock hurt?  It takes her a moment to figure it out, and she giggles when she realises what’s going on up there.  She briefly considers retrieving her broom, which hasn’t been thumped upon the ceiling for over a year now, but she quickly banishes the thought.  Finally, her boys are together, the way they ought to have been ages ago.  Now where did she put those headphones?
“Molly couldn’t figure it out.  He hadn’t ingested them, no traces of it were found in his lungs and he had no puncture marks.  She re-did the blood tests several times to make sure she had it right.  Bizarre.”
…”  The last word gusted out from between his lips as Sherlock moved again.  “It’s all slippery, love.  It looks...wet...it looks like a video and feels like...Heaven.  Fuck, Sherlock.”
“Mummy indicated that there were some issues with father’s cousins.  Abuse allegations.  Mycroft looked into it.  Turned out to be nothing.”
“You should ask your questions,” he replied.  “I haven’t kept anything from you, John.  I just...lack certain graces of conversation.”
“Not in the slightest,” said Dr. Fellows, smiling.  “You’re going to be just fine.  But,” she said, pulling up the chair to sit next to him,  “you’ve been under heavy sedation for a while.  You lost a lot of blood and the shoulder injury was complicated.  You were stabilised at Camp Bastion where you had your leg patched up.”
Sherlock was quiet.  “If I fall, you will catch me,” he said eventually, quietly, almost to himself.
“I looked you up on the internet last night,” John said instead, coming closer to the bed and pulling up a chair.  “The Science of Deduction.”
When it’s finally over, they are both giddy with post-case adrenaline, Sherlock riding the high of his own genius.  The door clicks shut and then both collapse, jackets still fastened, on the sofa.
“It does indeed.  But my son, Robert, unfortunately has shown very little interest in taking over.  He decided to study chemistry instead and works for Pfizer, developing pills and potions.  Staying here was simply not exciting enough for him, I suppose.  I would hate to see this place leave our family.” He nodded to John, “Don’t put it in your report, but perhaps I’ll have to sell.”  He shook his head.  “What a shame that would be.”  He looked maudlin for a moment, then knocked back the rest of his drink.  “Well, boys, I’m off. Got to check on a poorly filly before I turn in.  Please do take advantage of everything we have to offer.  If there’s ever a mystery at Willow Cross, I’ll know who to call.”
Owens’ pale eyes filled with tears, but he blinked them back.  Sherlock moved in front of the fireplace and stared at it; John let him be.
Completely enclosed within thick brick walls, John felt a thrill of excitement, as if he had discovered something special, something distinctively unique.  He glanced up at the second story window, at the room that was once Lilly and Archibald Holmes’.  Was he trespassing?  It didn’t feel like it.  For some reason, he felt an immediate and intense ownership of the place, as if a sense of goodness, of all that was right, was saying,
John looked up at what was, at one point, a fortress of some sort.  Its basic structure still stood, three stories of thick, rough-cut stone, but it had been overrun with ivy; slime dripped from where water pooled and trickled down.  Moss clung to cracks and crevices.  Sunlight filtered down from the break in the forest canopy, casting flickering shadows everywhere. It was almost otherworldly.
“Sure,” said James, darting his gaze between the two of them, clearly unsure what the hell was going on.  “Er...are you on your feet a lot?”
John studied the print.  “The insole and outer sole both show moderate-to-severe overpronation.  Here.”  He picked up one of the papers and outlined the worn areas with his finger.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow.  “Don’t you think I’ve tried?  I’ve been chucked out of  most of the major university labs and Cambridge threatened to sue me if I even approached the Medical Research buildings...I’m officially persona non grata.”
himself, situating himself back down on the bed a bit, spreading his bent knees and drawing them up, and John saw
Mrs. Jenkins looked affronted.  “Why, Lillian is the only one who performs ‘The Fountain of Youth’,” she said.
“Do you miss it?” Lestrade asked after a period of the two of them pulling up fistfulls of dead grass.  “The army?”
Taking the key card from his pocket, he waved it in front of the little electronic box, heard the mechanism engage, and let himself in, shutting the door quietly behind him.
The photo is of Sherlock’s backside.  His rather glorious bare backside, on display.  His legs spread open as he kneels on the bed, testicles hanging loosely between them, his weight on his elbows.  John’s not an expert with the camera on his phone.  He knows little about taking photographs in low light, and this one’s not as clear as it could be.
“These power cords are tricky to insert.  The scuff marks indicate that whoever owned the phone routinely struggled to connect it.  I’d expect to see these marks on an older person’s device, or on someone who has a neurological disorder that causes tremors, like Parkinson’s, for example.  I’m assuming that your brother is no more than six years older than you are based on birth rates from the 1970s, if I am estimating your age correctly -- you’re prematurely greying, am I correct?  So, if your brother is between forty and forty-five, I’m going to assume that he is of good health and that the shaking is caused by a more common affliction: drunkenness.You must not get on well or you’d be living with him while you reorient yourself back into civilian life.  A quick glance at your history shows you don’t know how to use half of the apps on the phone, indicating you haven’t been home long enough to figure out how they work, or you’re a bit of a Luddite who couldn’t care less about the weather forecast or how well your shares are doing.  There are no games; you don’t waste your time.  And you’ve only made twenty or so calls since you acquired it.  Half of those were from your brother, and half of those you didn’t answer: my guess is that you didn’t miss the calls, but rather you ignored them.   Ergo, you don’t get on.”
“There are so many things I want to say to you,” Sherlock murmured.  “And I have no idea how.  I don’t even think I have the words.”
John had to stretch, reach his arms down to palm Sherlock’s buttocks, spread them apart, expose the cleft, slick and moist with the sweat of his exertion, to the cool air of the flat.
John had two nightmares that night and woke up feeling unrested.  He watched the morning news and was cursing the hateful blue rubber exercise band (right fucking cunt) when his mobile rang.  It was a sunny trill of notes that Harry had selected; that would have to go.  He swore at the band a few more times before tossing it on top of his rucksack.  One day he was going to destroy it, cut it up into tiny pieces or set it on fire.  He checked the screen -- it was the same number he’d called the night before.
John took it; it was an older model and warm from where it had been next to Owens’ body.  John didn’t actually want to type Sherlock’s mobile number into Owens’ phone, so he dialled his work phone instead.
“What?”  Sometimes John was positive Sherlock talked to the windows just to make himself harder to hear.  “Whose?”
“Stay the night?” Sherlock said after they’d cleaned up.  “I don’t sleep as much as most people, but I’d...enjoy your company.”
“I don’t have anything with me and you’ve lured me out under false pretences to show me your holiday home?” John asks, but there’s no venom in it.
He couldn’t possibly imagine calling the place ‘home’, but some niggling feeling told him that perhaps it would do him some good to spend some time in the middle of nowhere.  He could work, and heal, and put himself back together again.  It would be like living in a museum for awhile.  It was beautiful, for certain.  For all the ugliness he had seen, perhaps a little beauty was what he needed.
John shrugged.  “I hope so.  The interview went well.  Going to have to find a place to live, though.  The pay’s OK, but it’s only a couple of days a week, so somewhere fairly cheap.  I really just want some peace and quiet.”
“I’d like five minutes with each witness,” Sherlock said.  A large shout came from over by the finish line: apparently the last of the stragglers had come in.
“Cheeky,” replies Moriarty, abandoning the horn and crossing the room to stand in front of Sherlock.  Sherlock is glad the madman is away from his tuba, but now there’s the more disconcerting feeling of having him directly in his physical space.
“So good,” Sherlock mumbled as he thrust his hips into John’s hands.  “More.”  John wasn’t exactly sure what “more” meant - that was one of the beautiful things about a new lover: learning each other, each other’s bodies, preferences, when to do what depending on the mood. His body was at war with itself - part of him wanted to get right down there and reciprocate Sherlock’s earlier blowjob; another part of him wanted to sink himself deep, sheath himself to the hilt and rut.  Sherlock decided it for him.
“Halth ob thith ith chcolate thyrub,” Sherlock said after licking his finger, rubbing it on the wall, and sticking it back in his mouth.  No one batted an eye.
John figured they had plenty of time for adrenaline-fueled, up-against-the-wall sex, break-the-kitchen-table sex, or drench-the-floor bathtub sex.
Lestrade frowned.  “Yeah.  Did.  Past tense.  Divorce finally went through.  But that’s different.  I mean, when you live with someone, you can’t help it, right?  Eventually you get to this comfortable place when it’s no use trying to blame the dog or pretend your shit doesn’t stink, you know?  Plus.  It’s just amusing sometimes.  If God didn’t want us making such beautiful music, he shouldn’t have given us arsecheeks.”
Pushing soil away with his hands, Sherlock began to dig.  “This portion of the garden’s been redone, but I doubt someone carted all those rocks away.  It would have been easier to move what you needed to and then dump dirt over the rest.”
As if on cue, Navya entered the garden.  Her hair was pulled up in a French pleat, her name tag already affixed to the front of her tailored blouse.
Sherlock froze.  A dozen expressions crossed his face (surprise, curiosity, fear, betrayal) before settling on blank indifference.
John re-oiled his hands, looked at the long torso in front of him, and made an executive decision.  He slid back a bit on Sherlock’s legs, so that his balls were tucked up against Sherlock’s calves, and then took that perfect arse in his hands.
John knew he meant it literally.   Sherlock wasn’t a virgin, that much was for sure.  But as far as being loved?  Having sex be an act of love?  John knew, without a doubt, that this evening, for all intents and purposes, was Sherlock’s first time.  So John held him, breathed deeply, and fell asleep smiling.
It was still raining at 9pm; the house was dark and quiet.  Candlelight wasn’t bright enough for him to read by, so he went to bed early and slept fitfully.
Sherlock blinked rapidly and seemed to come back to himself.  His eyes raked over John’s face.  “Nightmare?”
It was nearly dark, twilight fading from dusky purple to the lush velvet of night as John followed Sherlock around the property, torches slicing through the shadows, stopping here and there to examine rocks and stones.  There was decorative gravel to the side of the greenhouse, but it wasn’t a match.  Two more locations proved fruitless as well.
There were several rows of slides set up to the right of the scope.  They were labelled, but from his perch John couldn’t read them.
jeopardise success.  But John is worth it.  He is not a convenient body to have sex with, I remind myself.  He is my partner, my friend, my lover.  Maybe one day, something more.  (The jury’s still out on that.)
John’s hands were not as large as Sherlock’s, but they, too, were finely-boned and capable of great precision.  Within minutes Sherlock’s thighs were trembling.
“I feel much better about that now, thanks,” John grumbles.  “Yeah, why not.  You can get a good laugh out of it, at least.”
.  “Fucking snag,” he cursed under his breath.  He was still wrangling with it by the time Sherlock had unhooked his fish and added it to the string.
“Good heavens.  They were yelling for hours.  Mycroft left an hour ago, and Sherlock’s in his room.”
John stowed his tools under the stone bench and draped the tarp over it to keep out the rain before surveying his handiwork a final time.  He’d done well, he thought.  A clump of larkspur and a patch of foxgloves, still only six inches or so high yet, now had room to grow.  Tomorrow he’d go after the roses with the pruning shears.  It was rather late in the season for it, he knew, but maybe if he cut the dead growth, the stems that had managed to sprout leaves could actually blossom.
arousing, thought John, and not that much different from a woman’s, a bit musky, a bit yeasty, a bit spicy, and right now, all sex.  He worried the thin skin with his tongue, tasting, sucking a bit, letting his mouth find the root of Sherlock’s penis, nestled deep between the testes.
John found himself more relaxed than he’d been in a long time.  Sherlock’s stories were interesting, and in spite of the man’s infuriating quirks of personality, he was exceedingly good company.  More than once John found himself laughing at something or shaking his head in disbelief.  Time seemed to fly by.  Dessert was eventually set in front of him, and he ate it, occasionally pushing the plate toward Sherlock, who actually took a bite or two of the delicate layers of tiramisu.
John groaned his assent, wriggling a bit as Sherlock fitted himself between John’s arsecheeks.  They hadn’t tried penetrative sex yet, but John was quickly warming up to the idea.  Too bad he’d left the condoms and lube up in Sherlock’s room.  He wondered how it would feel, to have Sherlock inside him, pushing into him.  The other night Sherlock had used his fingers, proven that he could find and tease a prostate, and while a bit overwhelming and new, John had enjoyed the stimulation and thought anal play warranted further exploration.  Sherlock clearly knew what he was doing down there, for which John was thankful.  He also couldn’t wait to return the favour.  For now, however, the idea of penetration was enough to light his nerves on fire, and the drag of Sherlock’s hot prick against his sensitive flesh, combined with his arousal from his dreams, had him close to orgasm already.
“It was a lucky guess.”  John countered and prepared to get to work.  He still couldn’t believe that he was allowed to touch Sherlock at all, let alone this part of him.  “I think we should probably buy an entire case of it.”
" he cried, as if taken by surprise, and then he did, semen missing his hand and flying across his chest.  John could feel it from the
I gently remove my fingers from him, I fumble for the oil, and turn him over so I can have better access to that beautiful backside.  I have to be careful with this because if I am too enthusiastic I’ll ram my cock right into him, and he trusts me not to hurt him.  I pour more oil over his cleft and slot myself in so that I rub just between his cheeks, against that loosened hole.  I know I might be smothering him, but it’s not going to take long.  I kiss his shoulderblades, run my hands over his arms and grab at his hands a moment, linking our fingers together, my large ones over his small.  Moving my hips slowly, I create enough friction to build an orgasm rather quickly.  Panting into his neck, I focus on the pleasure, on the tightness in my groin and slipperiness of my cock against the sparse hair between his cheeks. I’m so close, my love.
John dropped off his backpack and took another quick shower --he smelled of antiseptic-- before walking down to the kitchen.  He expected to see Mrs. Hudson bustling about, but instead there was Sherlock, carefully setting the table with silver cutlery and the Spode dinner service which was kept for special occasions.  Just two place settings, John noticed immediately.
“No,” said Sherlock, returning to their boxed-in bed.  “Not tonight.  We’re both tired, and I think I’d just like to...rely on my other senses.  They’re more connected to memory.  Touch.”  He climbed under the duvet and ran his hand down John’s chest.  “Sound.  Scent.”  His hand delicately reached between John’s legs to give a gentle squeeze to his cock, spread his legs a bit and fondle his balls.  “Taste.”
“Lillian?”  John asked.  Sherlock had resumed eating, although he was now picking, brain engaged again on the case.
“Mr. Owens,” said Sherlock as he began picking up various knicknacks and twiddling them in his hands, “You have lovely gardens.  But I noticed a lack of roses.  You really should try your hand at them.  A garden seems incomplete without them, and they're not that difficult to manage if you follow a few simple instructions.  Even John can grow them.”
Never one to stay daunted for long, John decided to take a different approach to the problem of his stubborn anus.  Perhaps he’d gone about it all wrong, starting with the largest thing possible.  His bum had been so bruised and sore afterward that he wasn’t even remotely in the mood to masturbate for a good week and a half.  He awoke before his alarm one morning from an erotic dream.  The details were fuzzy, but his body had been into it, and he was hard and leaking.  He grabbed the lube from his nightstand drawer and conjured Fantasy Sherlock.
The case was fairly open-and-shut now that the suspect was in custody.  Sherlock was brilliant, as usual, and the suspect --now minus a spleen-- admitted his guilt readily.  Both of them were ready to head back to London and not stay another day in Glasgow, and so they caught the 10am train.
“Right after we crossed the finishing line,” said a fit-looking man whose bald head was completely blue.
“Yeah.  Doesn’t look like much now, though.”  Lestrade shrugged and pushed his cap back with his forearm.  His silver hair fell over his forehead from underneath.  “I like it.  Good, honest hard work.  Quiet, too. Well, I should probably show you the garage while we’re right here.  Got a motorbike you’re welcome to.  And a real bicycle, too, if you want.”
“I want you,” Sherlock said softly as he kissed the skin he revealed.  He said it over and over, as if he were surprised by his own need, as if he’d never before wanted anyone.  Maybe, John wondered, he hadn’t.  So with every iteration, John returned the sentiment with his fingers, lips, and tongue.  He was so turned on, his body ready for sex, but it was more than that.  Something deeper, indefinable, even, born of friendship and fondness.  And then there was the thrilling nature of the forbidden and the novelty of pleasuring a man.  What he’d done with Murray that one time lasted maybe ten minutes and, for all its raw intensity, was nothing about exploration and everything about impulse.  What he was now entering with Sherlock was so different.
...let his gaze flicker briefly to Greg, lids shifting down to narrow slightly as he acknowledged Greg's analysis. "If you really object to living here so stridently you are more than welcome to find your own place to live."
The blankets shifted and a figure sat up; John was silhouetted against the dim light of the street lamp outside. "I was. I did. My hand -" Sherlock watched as Silhouette-John held it up, " - was prickling. Doesn't make for an easy sleep."
“- and spoke in a most melancholy way of how deeply I miss and long for John, at which point you comforted me in a warm and brotherly fashion and we parted knowing that we had both shared a meaningful, important moment which would forever strengthen our fraternal bond.” Sherlock glanced back at Mycroft with indifference schooled perfectly across his long features. “That should shut her up for a day, at least.”
been referring to Neil, he had never – not once, not throughout the many years he had spent defending, supporting and loving his mother – seen her reach out for help
Sherlock began to walk, his pace leisurely, talking despite no longer facing John. "It surprises me."
John shook his head, apprehension buzzing through his body but not wanting to deny the kind woman anything. "No, it's fine, go ahead."
The two of them walked in tense silence for at least a mile, John trying not to become slightly concerned that his hand hadn't stopped bleeding yet – the blood was starting to cool against his skin but that in itself was worrying enough considering it had soaked through the material he held it against and was now undoubtedly leaving a crimson smudge on his chest. He hadn't had a look at what he'd actually ripped the skin on, though it was probably likely to have been a nail or a screw or something similar; either way he was heavily risking an infection without proper cleaning and bandaging, and if the slow intensity of the throbbing was anything to go by it wouldn't take all that long to get into his system. He gritted his teeth, however, and said nothing. It went without saying that he shouldn't speak. Anything he said now would echo around the tunnel like he were speaking through a microphone.
"Traditionally a bourguignon is cooked over a long period of time. Unless of course you have other plans for us whilst we wait for it to cook over the next three hours."
"And the piece of music? A change, I think, from what you were originally planning to play, brother dear, correct?"
The sound changed; Harry's voice was suddenly much crisper, closer. She'd taken him off of loud-speaker. "I'm glad you called me."
“Less grateful,” Sherlock murmured back, leaning his head forward and touching his fingertips to his forehead as if in pain. “More expensive.”
"We don't have to do that," John murmured, pushing forward gently to brush a kiss, two kisses, three against Sherlock's somewhat swollen lips, "we don't have to. We can just kiss, no tongue, it's fine -"
Greg nodded, eyes shining as he pulled two more bottles forward on the sideboard. "Sambuca. Tequila. Jagermeister.
"What trap?" she'd said innocently, picking up a turnip and turning it over in her hands. "There's no trap, John, whatever do you mean?"
Sherlock felt a small smile creeping onto his face and extinguished it before it got out of control; it wouldn’t do to show amusement at a time when he was determined to be serious. “Well, perhaps that’s a slight exaggeration. But I’m relatively certain that if I were to turn to you at this precise moment, gaze into your eyes and murmur to you a few choice words you’d most likely embarrass yourself with the strength of your reaction.”
With a little sniff Wanda took a step back and brushed her hand over her perfectly pulled-back hair, offering him a watery smile. "All right! You're all ready! Did you want to go downstairs and join the boys? We want to take a few photographs before we leave, so please make sure that Mycroft and Sherlock aren't already rolling around the floor attacking each other."
John’s voice breaks, and Sherlock drops his violin - drops it, doesn’t care, doesn’t give one damn about the expensive piece of wood, nor the clattering it makes upon hitting the floor - and reaches out to support himself upon the window because otherwise he’s going to give in, otherwise he’s not going to allow John to finish his soliloquy and he’ll have
Slowly John shifted until he was lying on his side, arm dangling over the edge of the sofa. "And it really doesn't bother you." A statement more than a question.
Yet he watches as Sherlock takes five tentative steps in his direction, his name spilling once more from brandishing lips. "John."
"Careful, Mother, your judgement is showing," Sherlock said dryly from beside John, nodding towards his friend for him to open the car door. "John will get the wrong idea and think you're no better than a flapping fishwife."
"No!" Sherlock rapidly uncrossed his legs, leaning forward again with wide eyes. "No, no, I would have never done that, John. I crossed some lines, I won't deny, but never that one. No. You must believe that I would never have done that, then and now."
John stumbled over a metal rod, throwing his hand out at just the wrong moment to regain his balance and having it connect searingly, painfully on a rusty something sticking out of the brick wall next to him; he inhaled quickly, hissing through his teeth as he pulled his wounded palm towards himself and tried to see the damage done. It was far too dark. The best he could do was grit his teeth, press his palm to his chest and hope for the best. "A package? What kind of package? And what kind of friend?"
And then there was the moment when John had moved his lips and the words had come out, sweet and warm against his jaw, so quiet he had to replay it over and over again to be sure.
would undermine his own feelings for John – "Damn it, Sherlock, I didn't mean for you to… no. No." He forced his nerves to calm, his laughter to cease; he could see the frozen blank stare of the man opposite him and he knew that behind it was now a myriad of negativity that he could not control nor change. "I mean that my feelings, they're… different, they're more than I've had for Mike or Molly or Greg or Sally or pretty much anyone I've ever been friends with -"
John’s voice slips through the sudden haze of combined panic and anticipation. “You said it first. So.”
"I'll call Greg, tell him to destroy your room until he finds every piece of apparatus you have and stomps on every one until they're unusable."
John slept absurdly well. The sofa was just long enough that his feet brushed the other end, the blankets were incredibly warm and there was a strange comfort in knowing that just upstairs was a friend – well, no,
And there he was. Not sitting with the students as John had expected, feverishly scribbling notes and gazing up with mild respect at the lecturer, oh no. Sherlock stood, chin tilted slightly up in his trademark show of arrogance and his body held straight and tall behind the giant wooden lectern as his eyes roved the room and lips moved with no doubt reams of relevant information, completely and utterly in control: Sherlock wasn’t
The quiet that erupted in the small space between them was full to the point of bursting; the two of them stared at each other, John trying to find the right words to respond and Sherlock wishing he could take the ones he had offered back.
Slowly, almost apologetically, John reached down and scooped the little machine up and into his grasp. Even as he slipped the earphones back into his ears and scrolled through the menus to reach the playlists he found himself wondering what level of hell he was about to unleash, not at all trusting his hope that Sherlock might have actually attempted to do something genuinely thoughtful – perhaps a little Pink Floyd, that would be good – and preparing himself for what he thought would be the inevitable flow of Phil Collins, Tina Turner or (
thinking that you have to die in order to secure my happiness, stop putting yourself in these situations where my life is more important than yours, just…
Standing so quickly he felt his head begin to spin, John reached out and wrapped his fingers around the material of Sherlock's dressing gown and pulled until the dark-haired teenager was forced to stop and turn, his own fingers grasping the plate a little tighter as he met John's wordless stare and took a step forward so that John was no longer pulling at the soft fabric and instead simply grasping it between oddly numb fingertips; instinctively John let go of the dressing gown and flattened his palm against the waist beneath it, his lips forming into the words he was unable to say as he pushed the arm wielding the plate out of the way and stepped firmly into the space between them, leaving no room for hesitation as he pushed himself up onto the balls of his feet and pressed the unspoken sentiment to rest against Sherlock's own virtually unresponsive lips in a quick, hard gesture, not entirely unlike the first kiss he had ever experienced at the hands of the tall genius. As he went to pull away, embarrassed, Sherlock's hand dropped to the height of the table and let the plate land with a thud onto the tablecloth, a flash of movement as his now free hand moved to rest lightly upon John's hip as it had the night before, head following the descending journey of John's.
John rolled over, groaning, barely conscious once again as he leaned towards his laptop and dragged the chair clumsily closer. His eyes squinted in the darkness as they adjusted to the light of the screen, seeing that there were words but hardly able to comprehend them.
Sherlock’s fists clenched within his pockets, his teeth grinding together as he fought the desperation to yell. “I’m
"Shut up," Greg ordered again. "And from there we kind of just started noticing things. He would bring you up in conversation. And then when whenever I mentioned you he'd kind of leap on it, start talking about something or other that you'd said. Nothing major, not like a love-sick puppy or anything but just mentioning it in that monotonous way he has when he's talking about science or parties being shit or whatever. It wasn't the content or the tone that was weird, it was just the fact that he actually seemed to
John reads this. Sherlock can see the quick processes of realisation flickering in the haze of blue within John’s eyes, and he marvels - possibly for the first time ever - at the rapidity of John’s understanding. Perhaps there were different sorts of genius, and John simply happened to be a different breed to Sherlock.
.” Sherlock said brokenly, his hands moving up to cover his face; Mycroft was conscious to the fact that Sherlock was not talking about the volume of his voice as he had been. “I don’t understand any of it, it is beyond me now. Before it was easy, easier than it should have been but now it’s different and it’s interfering with how I think and react and John is lying at my home right now with a bloodied hand because I didn’t consider what could happen to him… and now it’s all I can think of. It is poisoning my mind and I cannot fathom it. You’re right, Mycroft, you are absolutely right as you ever seem to be -” His hands dropped to his sides, his eyes finding Mycroft’s and knowing that his brother would be able to see exactly what he was really saying, “ – I lost control and now he’s going to leave.”
Sherlock turned, glancing him over and shrugging briefly. "It doesn't much matter to me either way. Whatever suits you."
"No," he said, irritation creeping into his voice with no attempt to shadow it, "I'm not. I don't want to. He can do it on his own."
