Because Mary is standing motionlessly in the doorway. Her hands trembling. Her heartbeat thundering. She forces a smile.
Adrenaline spikes. God she’s missed it.
“Wrong?” The words leave Sherlock's lips as a mumble. He casts his eyes to the floor.
“Uh, well Methadone can give a sort of relaxed high apparently, especially at this dosage.”
They both fall speechless. Time creeps past.
"I know." Sherlock whispered, failing to contain the warm grin that was overtaking his face. He took hold of one of her hands affectionately.
“Shh,” John reaches out and presses a finger against Sherlock’s lips. “The answer is yes.” And with that he finally leans in and closes the gap between them. His hands slide into Sherlock's hair. Their eyes close automatically.
Please feel free to contact me on here or on social media at any time for a good old chat - I'm always grateful for the attention to be honest XD
John opens his mouth to speak but Sherlock gets there first.
do you think you're doing?”
"She does, half the time you just don't notice." John quipped.
Hello again! Sorry it's taken me a while to update I've been busy! I'm still so unsure about this fic, to be honest I think it's awful but everyone else seems to be enjoying it so I guess I'll carry on. I hope you enjoy!
“Oh of course, big brother knows best.” Sherlock huffs sarcastically, shifting around again.
They all stay quiet as Mark tightens Sherlock’s upper arm off with a strap and finds a vein. Nothing is said about the purple scars and bruises that line the underside of Sherlock’s forearm. Mycroft promptly casts his eyes to the window.
“These are for you.” Sherlock tries.
You believe in you and I
Suddenly, it seemed Sherlock decided for him. He sighed quickly, withdrawing himself and stepping back, dropping his hand from John's shoulder.
“He’s won.”
Hope you enjoyed it! This has given me a whole new idea for a fic now which I will definitely try my hardest to resist, at least until my other works are finished. Hope you're all okay <3
“Ah,” Sherlock lets his head fall back and sighs heavily as the drug goes in, his dark curls sticking to his forehead. “That feels good.” His voice drops deeper as he draws out the words. “Really good…”
“Well then!” Sherlock proclaimed, suddenly pulling back from John’s neck. “That, John Watson, is what you shall get”. And with that, he placed his hands on the rounds of John's shoulders and pushed with such force that before John had a clue what was happening, Sherlock had pushed them both roughly off the chair, meaning they fell forwards and tumbled onto the floor. It would have hurt, but Sherlock calculated the move perfectly, swiftly thrusting his arm under John’s head at the last moment, thus protecting it from the hard floor.
he can go now, that he-
John looks away and takes a pained breath, his whole body tensing. His fingers start to curl at his sides. “Right…”
The nurse steps forward, determination sparking brightly in her eyes. “Now you just listen to me Mr Holmes, I’ve seen a lot of distraught people in my time, but none as bad as those two out there. They have a right to know, ok? I’ll tell them to give you ten minutes.”
I guess we'll never know!
The door swings open.
Mycroft leans forwards and collapses his head in his hands. He breathes out slowly.
Also if you want to follow my work (& my general screaming about s4), then please follow my Instagram @221bsherlockfandom_
No. Mycroft takes a breath. He can’t let anything like this ever happen again. He must strive to be better, for all their sakes. Any more emotional turmoil might just be the end of them.
He’s suicidal. Mentally traumatised. Ill. Something John has dealt with intensively himself.
“Think so." John replies. "Ambulance coming?”
He paused mid-sentence and glanced at Sherlock, who was sat in the corner, hardly saying anything at all. John guessed he must be bored, and wasn't really surprised. A PowerPoint about how to address open wounds was incredibly basic stuff and more than a little dull. In fact it would not be illogical to assume that at least 90% of the students were only here so they could add another thing to their CV. The other boys appeared completely oblivious to Sherlock’s unusual silence, and perhaps presence; as they joked together at the far back of the room, chucking paper at one another and laughing as they pleased.
Sherlock presses the needle into his arm. It doesn’t hurt like it normally does, there’s just a sharp sting, a prick that lasts a moment, and then it’s done.
But Sherlock hardly notices, a million things shooting through his mind. All the ways John has ever looked at him, all the time's his pupils dilated. His jealously at Irene’s texts. He was
“Here so,” Sherlock smoothed out the slightly crumpled paper and pointed at a large paragraph of messy writing. “In this section I'm comparing the time it takes for bruises to rise on the skin before and after death...amongst other things related to that.”
Sherlock looked momentarily startled. "I've only solved it in my head, John, I want to make sure I'm right before I present the facts. And besides, this is no fun if you're just going to ignore me."
He’s the man who got him off the drugs, who helped him eat, laugh, smile. He blogged about him, about their cases and crazy adventures. He's the man who can make him see sense, giggle hysterically at a crime scene.
Sherlock looked up, pulling his mouth from John's cock intentionally slowly, still teasing.
“Is that…better?”
“Sherlock?”
“Oh,” Molly takes a slight step back. A gasp. Her chest deflates. Crushed. “Oh you haven’t-”
They look at each other for a long moment, before John turns away and pushes Sherlock’s bedroom door open for him, flicking on the light.
Sherlock’s eyes flutter open, and he focuses on the ceiling, his voice dull. “Clearly you need a moment to process this so I’m just going to let you-”
It gets tucked into the waistband of her trousers. She confirms the name of the contact who will help her get through border security in her head before tapping the fake passport in her pocket. Her rucksack slides over her shoulders.
“Err…” John sits forward in the chair and instinctively holds out his hands, offering, debating whether to stand and help. Concern and confusion sweeps across his tired features, sets into his brow.
The corner of Sherlock’s mouth twitches up in a smile and finds he can’t stop himself from rolling his eyes. “Alright, don’t start milking it. We’re not in EastEnders or whatever that crap is that everyone watches.”
“Woah excuse me miss," She says suddenly when she realises where Mary is heading, "But you can't-”
“John…”
-” Sherlock groans loudly as John dips a hand under his boxers and wraps his palm around his cock before beginning to stroke, his hand moving in slow, precise movements. “Positive.”
White noise rings out into the silence. Specs of something that feels like dust drift over John’s face. Splintering in his eyes. Drying out his mouth. It tastes of dirt.
Maybe after a tense moment John whispered "I'm sorry too Sherlock. I'm so so sorry" before pulling Sherlock tightly into his arms.
I'm fine.
Another short fic written as a prompt for a 'crappy fanfiction post' on Instagram. This one is even worse than the last one to be honest. But because I haven't written in such a long time it's been nice to get back into it by doing these. Anyway, I really don't think much of this at all, but I hope you enjoy it anyhow.
“Oh for god’s
Everything would have been fine if he hadn’t gone and overdosed.
John releases his grip on the kitchen counter and straightens up, exhaling loudly. He takes a few unsteady steps towards them.
“I’m sure John. I want you. More than anything.”
The music drops to a flirtatious pace, the final verse, and John smiles graciously as Sherlock holds up his hand and twists him under his arm. They encircle each other slowly, moving closer and closer until they find themselves pressed up against each other, the music comes to its climax and-
Holmes was sat at the back, in his evening class where he shouldn’t be, and all the worse calling out and defending him again! John could think of nothing more humiliating. However he barely had time to process-
Mycroft steps backwards and rearranges his shirt collar. His expression is inscrutable.
Sherlock crinkles his nose. “You’re not a subject, John. You’re...you know..." He looks distracted. "Anyway do you like it?”
It’s Jim.
“Mmmmm.” He murmured, deliberately pressing himself down harder onto Sherlock. “I’m not sure.”
"Oh." John gasped, slightly taken-back, to say the least. "Well...I suppose-"
“Well.” John considered his choices carefully, his thought’s flowing through his mind in a relaxed manner, spurred on by Sherlock’s very evident eagerness. He cleared his throat, trying hard to keep the small ounce of shyness from creeping into his words as he spoke. “It’s been a long time since you’ve given me a blowjob...”
Slowly, carefully, tucked away in a discreet corner of London, the Rivoli Ballroom comes to life.
Something inside Sherlock collapses. The final foundation. He forgot. In all the exhaustion and the arguments, he forgot about the scars on his fucking back - and more importantly that John was still yet to see them. It's a secret he’s managed to hide for nearly two years, and it has come to light now. In this moment. Brilliant.
Because he’s done it. He’s switched off. Numbed the pain so that nothing remains. It’s just him and a wonderful emptiness. A mind that has slowed to a near standstill, what most people would probably consider a normal.
“Wait? Are you upset?” Sherlock leans forward, once again panicked. “John? Did I upset you?!”
“Although…” The slightest smirk appeared at the corner of Sherlock’s lips. “Your intervention was quite welcome.”
He sits back in his desk chair and rakes a tired hand through his hair. He should sleep. He needs to be up again in less than 5 hours.
John’s shirt has now joined Sherlock’s on the floor. The moaning accelerates. Everything shifts into a higher gear. Sherlock’s hair keeps falling into his eyes. John notices at some point that they are both shaking, grasping at each other feverishly, almost childishly. Desperate to feel every inch. Experience every sensation.
John moved back an inch, slightly startled. Out of all the weird questions Sherlock had come out with before, not one of them had been about drugs. Drugs weren’t really related to the course in any way.
Sherlock moved his arms down so he was holding John more firmly on his lap, with one of his hands sneaking down to grab John’s arse. He leaned in close to John’s ear again, his voice becoming low and rough. “And what would I have to do then? To
“Papers.” Mycroft inspects them more closely. “The Telegraph...the Daily Mail’s quiz section.”
Mary goes rouge. Sherlock is still high. John and Mycroft are fed up and Molly lets everyone know what she's thinking.
She doesn’t know what to do.
Because although he is by no means good with people - Sherlock will admit that at least - he would like to think he is good at predicting people. And he did
With great effort John pushes up from the chair and stands, ignoring the fact that his arms and legs strain underneath him. He pauses awkwardly and runs his fingers through his hair, catching Sherlock’s eye. “Do you err...need me to…?” He offers his hands into the empty space between them.
“I love you too.” He stammers before he can stop himself. “I
“Are you sure?” he gasps.
The feeling of dread crashes into him like a high-speed train.
“You don’t say,” Mycroft replies in a dry tone.
In you and I
hand. Caressing his skin, running a thumb over his lips. Softly, gently, ready to retreat at any moment. Sherlock slowly follows the movement, looks up, and
“It’s just not good enough, it is Sherlock.” Molly takes a meek step forward. The words tumbling out of her mouth faster than she can stop them. “You can’t keep hurting the people you care about most. Okay? You can’t. Because there’s only so much they can take-”
Sherlock's eyes dart back and forth, processing the words in a heartbeat.
Dread and shame and guilt curdle like ingredients for a terminal illness in his stomach. He can't believe he's gone and done it. Cheated. Actually kissed someone else, and it was Sherlock bloody Holmes for that matter. He told himself he'd try and forget about it. Banish those feelings back to the destructive pit they came from, and now...
“Move out of the way please sir.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m coming, by the stairs now, which floor?”
“You’re an absolute dickhe-” John began but Sherlock suddenly cut him off with a tender, affection filled kiss. While John had moved Sherlock had gently put the present down on the floor so now he could use both of his hands to cup John’s face as they kissed, with his fingertips beginning to slide gently though the light tuffs of John’s hair. The kiss was a passionate and gentle one, and Sherlock let it continue until he was sure he'd relaxed John completely. With a final smooth swirl of his tongue, Sherlock pulled back slowly, opening his eyes once again and gazing at John fondly.
“Is it?”
“Hmtfh,” Sherlock mumbles, his fingers twitching at his sides.
does he even attempt to put this into words?
As he starts to drift off guilt gnaws away at his insides and snakes around his stomach like a deadly disease. What will happen to John if he doesn’t make it? To Mycroft? Will they blame him?
John rubs his eyes and tries to straighten himself up before looking away.
was about to die. "Shouldn't we...err...you know," He looked down at John's hand which was resting freely at his side.
He was
John sits up on his elbows and reaches for his phone.
“No you sit down love, the ambulance is coming.”
It's like he’s underwater. In another dimension.
Something only a complete fool would say. The words fail to scratch even the surface of his feelings. They lack the gravity he needs to explain everything - the details he wants to share.
Hello. It's been forever again, sorry. I was staring at a blank page at 2 am last night and this came out. I hope you like it.
It was all happening so fast, and John wasn’t thinking, wasn’t focusing, instead he just let his eyes fall shut as he moved in the rest of the way to meet Sherlock’s small rosy lips softly with his own.
“No-” Sherlock raises his voice slightly to cut John off. “I shouldn't have kept you in the dark. Not for so long. After about a year it would have been safe to make contact, maybe. I just thought it would be easier - simpler somehow. You would have come after me. I really didn't realise how much it would affect…” he makes a vague gesture with his hands. “This… us,
They stumble through. The detective’s room is not quite as untidy as the rest of the flat. There are only a few stray shirts crumpled on the floor, an unmade bed and - John scans the surfaces carefully - the dresser and bedside table are clear. No needles.
John takes his evening class but he and Sherlock still end up having a bit of a chat...
Mycroft and John both turn to each other, but John is the first to dip his head.
“Mary doesn’t deserve this…” He manages at last, “
It doesn’t help.
Any annoyance John had previously felt was slipping away fast.
What did you think? Please let me know! Thank you ever so much for taking the time to read my work at all, it really means a lot to me.
“Oh.” John said, slightly taken back by the tone of Sherlock’s voice, and suddenly finding he didn't know what to say.
Her ears ring with painful white noise. When she opens her eyes the world is sideways. Her vision slanting and blurring, blobs of colour showing people rushing towards her. Shouting, calling for help. Their fuzzy faces shocked. Terrified.
“You think so?” He asked softly.
“Mmm,” he hums softly. “You can do it again if you like.”
“Um,” Sherlock hesitates for a moment. His vision is still a bit hazy at the edges, and his mind blurs as it struggles to patch together all the options. It is unlikely he is going to be able to stand and walk to the bedroom on his own so...
Faster. Faster.
"It wasn't like that," Sherlock mumbles, staring at the ground.
She scoffs under her breath. It's almost impressive.
“Mycroft…” Sherlock eventually mumbles. “Please don’t blame yourself.”
“- Sherlock.” John steps forward. “Look, forget it. It doesn’t matter.”
Time to go.
couldn’t get Sherlock to take it, didn’t monitor him properly, was too busy with work, let things slip. He lowers his head. “I will watch him more closely this time. Collect it for him every day, whatever it takes.”
It tears me apart
The flat looks terrible. An absolute bomb site, as if it has been ransacked or burgled overnight. Everything is messy and unorganised, even more so than normal. All the furniture seems slightly out of place. Every surface is covered in sheets of paper, books, rubbish, meaningless clutter. Pieces of litter scatter the floor. There's magazines and newspapers cut-outs, data from experiments, endless streams of material from the frantic string of cases Sherlock's been completing on his own recently. His skull lies cracked on the floor by the fireplace. The wall has several new gunshot holes, and one larger one from where it's been kicked.
Because his brother is as white as a ghost, a sickly pale. His cheekbones hollowed out and angular. There’s puffy white bags under his eyes.
Sherlock gets up from the desk and flops himself down on the sofa, dramatically covering his eyes with his arm.
John tries to speak but then drops his head and turns away, taking a few shaky steps towards the kitchen. His eyes are already brimming with tears. His chest feels as if it might burst. He can’t
An uneasy silence draws itself out between them. Like elastic band being pulled to its breaking point. John steps back from the bed and starts to pace, and as he moves away it’s as if the tenderness formed by the moments before is seeping from the room, silently slipping away through the cracks in the walls, escaping through the gap underneath the door. John shifts uneasily from foot to foot. He shuts his eyes.
Mycroft presses his hands down flat on the counter, scanning the shelves of medicines and tablets as he waits.
“No, we’re fine thank you.” He tugs John in the direction of the bar. “How about a drink instead?”
me, I…” He grimaces at the memory, regret and fear and dread uncoiling like a broken spring in his stomach. “I was already tripping and having some rather...horrific...
John stayed at his desk, staring through the moving crowd at Sherlock. He was definitely
, well that's another subject entirely. John can’t even comprehend it.
“The list.” Mycroft repeats, his hands still scurrying all over the ground near Sherlock, searching blindly in the darkness. “We have an agreement you see, that every time he overdosed he would write a list. A list of everything he’s taken. It makes things easier when - WHY CAN’T I FIND IT?!”
Sherlock laughs and rolls over before sloppily starting to undo his shirt.
Mycroft nods again and rearranges his hands in his lap. He feels completely numb. Unable to find the words to speak.
“No!” Sherlock begs, “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to - wait!”
John looks as if the world is about to evaporate around him.
“You’ll have to find out…” John smirked, his eyes glistening in the pale light that streaked through the quaint curtains of 221B.
“Yes.”
He groans and pushes the thoughts away.
“What?” The detective's smile fades suddenly, worried he’s said something he shouldn’t.
did he want to. It was wrong, it was all so wrong and a decent person would probably stop things now before they went too far, but John had never claimed to be a good man, and he
“I’m coming!”
Sherlock takes John’s hand and passes him his coat. He quirks an eyebrow. “I was ready ten minutes ago.”
most of the moves. They are the steps Sherlock’s been teaching him right from the very start. Has he been planning this all along?
“What?” Sherlock follows his gaze. “No. Stay. I don’t mind.”
“Okay.” John trails his hand down towards Sherlock’s chest, as if he was smoothing out a piece of silk. “Well no one can hurt you, ok? I’m here now.”
He needs somewhere he
Sherlock can tell from the squeak of John’s chair that Mary is sitting forward and trying to get a better look at him.
John moves forwards, slowly, cautiously, acting on instinct. He takes a steady step, distressed by Sherlock's reaction, by the tears trailing down his cheeks. He stops moving as he reaches Sherlock’s side.
“No you’re not busy,” John snaps, “I know you’re not. This is my birthday dinner, Sherlock, you could at least pretend to be interested in it - I mean, why is everything we do on your terms all the time, you know, why is-”
Spurred on by this encouragement, Sherlock reaches out once more and slowly cups John's cheek with his palm. His fingertips come to rest just before the other man’s ear. Skin against his skin. John is completely still beneath him.
but he wants things to go back to the way they were. That he’s angry at him for going back on drugs, furious even. That’ll he’ll
“It's fine.” Sherlock replies flatly.
other than that...ok.”
. I thought perhaps they would be smarter, that you’d be teaching things with a bit more depth because they’re older adults.” The words were spun quickly, shooting from his mouth like a machine gun on rapid fire. He huffed. “Clearly I was wrong."
He can divert her all he likes, set as many traps as he pleases.
John pulls the phone from his pocket. “No, it’s...,” his voice trails as he reads the name. “Molly?”
. He is no longer thinking about his actions. His willpower too weak to even bother trying to set the moral compass straight. They've both given up trying to resist what is obviously about to happen, even though it is definitely too soon.
John takes several deep breaths. After a moment he finally gives in and drops down beside Sherlock on the bed, defeated.
“Yes don’t be so stupid.” Sherlock’s snaps in reply. “I
: begged, stolen, murdered, tortured. Anything to stop the pain. He couldn’t focus. Couldn’t connect the dots and solve the problem. He had to walk away, so thank god John was there to bring him to his senses.
John knew, especially in his position as a teacher that he shouldn't ask such a personal question, but suddenly he found the urge of curiosity was so overwhelming that he couldn’t help himself. The words slipped out before he even had time to think.
“Oh, my boys.” She whispers.
John took a deep breath. He needed to change the subject.
“What? Kill myself?”
John wakes to the sound of a baby screaming. It’s Rosamund.
When Sherlock suffers for months being tortured, there's only one thing that keeps him going. Set before The Empty Hearse.
He feels completely lost in it all.
The tone of Sherlock’s voice is so seductive it would normally make John gasp, but for once he doesn’t get the chance because at that moment the music gets louder, heavier, picking up in pace as it progresses into the chorus.
Sherlock studies him for a second. “Apart from the obvious signs such as your flushed cheeks and the feeble attempt to flatten your hair you have also turned away from me and are now avoiding eye contact. Overall I’d say that’s pretty obvious body language John even you wouldn’t miss it. You’re ashamed.”
Sherlock stopped the next protest that was formed on John's lips by engulfing him in another incredibly passionate, heavy kiss. Sliding his lips over John’s in such a graceful way (He was a quick learner anyway but after being with John for year he’d more than perfected the art) that John couldn’t help but moan helplessly into Sherlock’s mouth, using his hips to grind up against Sherlock’s hand which was already rubbing and stroking at his hard cock through his trousers.
The pharmacy is quiet around him, and for that he is grateful. He needs the peace now more than ever, and he’s always particularly wary of the press in times like these. After all, there's only so much he can control.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock sucked harder.
Pure and cold. The air seems to grow heavy and dense around them, as if there was water rising from the floor. A million words are flicker past in just one look. Years of devastation. Paragraphs that have been left unspoken, hundreds of texts unanswered, phone calls ignored. So much
After a minute his eyelids start drooping. Sherlock’s breathing slows beside him, starting to even out. It's no surprise really, John thinks, they're both on the brink of exhaustion.
“Well…" John feels just a little bit giddy at the memory. "I suppose that’s true.”
Sherlock ignored John's comment and continued flicking until he stopped on a title page.
He hopes the army doctor is ok, that somehow last night they worked something out. It’s not fair for him to bear so much pain and heartbreak for his little brother, he never did anything to deserve it.
“Err yes,” John hesitates at the end of the bed, still unsure of what to do. “But that was a while ago...” He watches as Sherlock tears off the plaster holding the needle in his arm and starts to pull it out carefully. Strangely, the sight of it makes him wince. “...when they weren’t sure if you were going to wake up. They didn’t tell me anything actually and - are you sure you should be taking that out?”
Mycroft’s stomach twists, and his fingers start to twitch involuntarily. Sherlock’s hasn’t got a case on at the moment - not to his knowledge - and intelligence is showing that John and Lestrade are both asleep at their separate addresses. Irene is not in the country, and Moriarty is dead.
“Why didn’t you tell me?!” John demands, nearly shouts in fact, still standing beside the bed. His hands have curled into tight fists.
The sickening sound of a sob feels breaks out from somewhere behind him. Mycroft has finished on the phone and is sat back on his heels. John doesn't need to shine the torch to know there’s tears streaming down his cheeks.
Sherlock dropped Mrs Hudson's hand quickly and they both simultaneously turned, guilty looks covering their faces.
It’s John.
“Yes.”
he whispers in the seconds before he opens the door.
But thanks so much for reading. This story was inspired by this image.
There was a pause, and John suddenly became very aware of the awkward silence that was falling over them.
A few quiet moments pass. The orchestra start to pick up the pace of their songs, upping the volume just slightly. Several couples stray onto the dance floor.
"Of course sir," The waiter replied smoothly in a rich French accent. "I'll bring it right over."
“Moriarty…”
“Thank you, Mycroft,” Sherlock says eventually. “It was good of you to sort that out for me.”
I promise the next chapter will be something happy and not wedding related. Enjoy!
He exhales softly.
"I see."
Mary nods and takes one last look around the flat. “This is a mess by the way.”
He can't be sure.
this now, if he wasn’t mistaken Sherlock did too.
“I’m not going back to hospital.”
“Parcel for delivery!”
But now her routine has crumbled apart.
"Actually!" The word fell out of his mouth a little too desperately, but he ignored his internal cringe and carried on, instead feeling relief when he saw Sherlock turn back.
She passes through another door and spots the room she’s looking for. 210. It's located in a narrow corridor, littered with a few worn chairs. There's a nurse with mousy brown hair standing outside the door.
“Mycroft?!”
She spots her phone on the ground a couple of meters away. The corner of the screen is smashed.
"Почему ты не говоришь!”
“Are you ok?” John finally asked, his voice soft, no more than a whisper.
“Good.”
Sherlock wants the wedding day to be perfect. Because it
Mrs Hudson! This has been
Mycroft never knew he could feel relief so pure, an emotion so strongly. At any other time the notion would be alarming, but for once he didn’t care.
She makes her way back through the hospital; using her phone to try to hack into the MI6 database and track Mycroft’s movements - or Sherlock’s. She gets into the hub of GCHQ and gathers countless CCTV footage and begins to trawl through it. She checks local news reports, twitter,
. That view!"
Gone.
He tries for a faint smile, an awkward laugh. “I was never very good at judging these matters.”
John shakes his head in disbelief, staring at Mycroft as if he’s just spoken in a different language. “Really?”
“Or you will be dismissed. Immediately. ”
One day at a time
Mary takes several deep, stunted, breaths. Her lower lip starts to tremble against her will. Her eyebrows narrow slightly. She doesn’t bother concealing the array of emotions sweeping across her face. She almost chokes on her own breath. “So...you- you two...?"
But she can't find it within herself to form words anymore. It’s like her brain has temporarily gone offline, shut itself down with shock. She stands without actually registering what she is doing.
John looks impatient. “Mary?”
Sherlock blinks.
*Sherlock is planning is overdose on drugs the moment he gets home.*
I believe if I just try
A quiet grin broke out on John’s face, and funnily enough, it was that same smile that seemed to follow him as he journeyed home that evening; escaping out onto his lips at several intervals. Although, to tell the truth, he wasn't quite sure why.
Small droplets of light start to appear in the murkiness. Pulses of electricity spark from somewhere deep in the corner of his mind. Surely this is an illusion. That’s not
Mycroft shakes his head.
"Seriously? John squints in disbelief. His expression is dangerously sour. He almost laughs. “This is ridiculous.”
He hears John come back up the stairs and go into the kitchen. Moments later, he comes through the door.
“That would be advisable.” Mark replies, “Methadone can cause extreme drowsiness and slowed breathing, which is most likely during the first few hours and when I increase the dose for the second time.” He straps the blood pressure instrument around Sherlock’s arm and takes the reading. “Hm, still a little high but that’s to be expected. Your temperature is high too but not dangerously so. I think we can continue with the treatment.”
“I don't know what to say.” He whispers.
It's like the walls are melting.
“I’m trying!” John whispered through gritted teeth.
John’s face crumples.
“Thank you.”
She reaches the entrance of the hospital and stands outside, trying to hail a taxi. Rain drizzles down from the dark night’s sky onto her face, catches in her hair. There are no stars. Sirens wail in the distance.
"Since today."
She’s a little concerned about John’s lack of replies, because it's usual but...there's probably a reasonable explanation. She just hasn't figured out what it is yet.
Hello again. I know it's only been a few days since I last updated but I really am rushing to get this done before TFP airs. And typically, my computer decided to crash and I lost everything. So I had to rewrite this chapter. I'm so anxious that my writing standard has slipped and it's not going to be good enough anymore, but hopefully that's not the case. Anyway, enjoy!
“No,” Sherlock says at last, stammering as he speaks. “He’s not
"Important?” The boy laughed, a loud haunting sound. ”Its basic first aid, all you need to do is call a bloody ambulance mate." This time a full ripple of laughter emerged from all the students, although John would bet his life that Sherlock wasn't smiling. When he spoke his voice sounded as if it was coming through gritted teeth.
The man laughs, a thunderous cackle that bounces off the walls, fills the small concrete cell like gas. His eyes gleam black in the half-light. His matted brown hair seeming to merge into the mess of his beard. His infernal black boots thud against the floor when he moves.
She blinks back a fresh wave of tears and swallows loudly. “Look it doesn’t matter now, what happened two years ago, because...you’re right.”
He stashes their belongings in the cloakroom before leading them through to a large oak-panelled hallway. Grand old paintings in golden frames line the walls. The dark wooden floor is so clean it squeaks underneath John’s feet.
Sherlock opens his eyes. “Haven't I…how amusing..." The nurse is still moving towards him, Sherlock's whole body suddenly seizes with panic. "Wait no!”
Thank you very much for reading. I would love to know what you thought.
He gets up and promptly disappears from the room. John follows so it won’t be painfully obvious they’ve emerged from the same bedroom by the time Mycroft gets up the stairs. And, as predicted, he has just enough time to drop down in his chair and pretend to be on his phone by the time Mycroft and Sherlock renter the living room.
See, no one understands what's it's like to live like this - not even Mycroft.
They manage to make it all the way to the top, up to the landing, before the noise seems to wake Mrs Hudson. She bursts out of her door and rushes up the stairs towards them, dressed in only her nightie, all smiles and dainty steps until-
Will he ever stop worrying about this?
will.
But there’s something else.
John sighed quietly to himself. Why was the boy hanging behind again? He didn't mind answering his questions, but it was starting to get slightly...annoying.
It's nice to see what they could have felt like. What it’s like to actually say them, even if it’s just this once.
A horn blares suddenly. The front wheel of the bike twists out from beneath her. Brakes screech and squeal, so loud the sound deafens her eardrums. In an instant everything turns very slow, surreal, yet unbelievably quick at the same time. She looks up just as momentum throws her body from the bike. The engine growling as her foot flies from the clutch. She falls sideways into the road, flipping and rolling in mid-air, her elbows grating the tarmac, and travels roughly two meters before crashing to a halt at the kerb of the pavement. The screeching lorry sails past milliseconds after. It’s huge industrial wheels just inches from her face. The exhaust fumes fill her lungs.
“So he will be coming back into hospital?”
Finally the red velvet curtains are unrolled from their hangers. The wide glass doors at the front of the building are opened, and the evening sun starts to stream through the tall arched windows, causing streaks of apricot light to line the floor. The ushers step back. The orchestra position their bows and the conductor raises his hand. Gradually, a gentle melody fills the room.
He just has to say it. Now.
Sherlock sleeps for what feels like an eternity.
John’s mouth actually falls open.
this time?
Sherlock sways and staggers as he rises upwards. Every muscle in his body screams at him to stop. His vision blurs over once more. Out of the corner of his eye he can see John moving towards him, reaching out to steady his shoulder. His palm is about to make contact with his skin and-
She sits back and looks for another album but as expected there isn't one. Perhaps after that year John stopped taking photos, or maybe he simply forgot, or they're all on a computer somewhere. She’ll never know. At this point she’s pretty sure there’s nothing left to see but she checks the bottom of the box anyway, and, face down at the bottom, are two photos she’s not sure she’s looked at, with some writing scrawled on the back of them.
“Отвечай мне!”
you.”
He takes a breath and presses send.
Sherlock takes a small breath and bites down on his lip. He's here to dismantle Moriarty's network, to find the Russian leak. But he can't admit that, and it's not
John has to keep reminding himself they’re even there.
,” Sherlock stops and steadies himself on the doorway, panting heavily. There’s just something in the irony of it. He
“Hm,” Sherlock stops munching and contemplates this momentarily. “To be honest, she probably knows already. Bet she heard everything last night.”
John eyed him up slowly. Back straight, Sherlock was tall and lean with piercing green eyes, or were they blue? In the light John couldn't tell. His cheeks were usually pale, but in this moment the sun happened to be dancing elegantly on the smooth edge of his cheekbones, letting them glow a tanned orange. And
dazed expression. He blinked quickly, and for a
It was only supposed to be two photos originally, but as you can see I got a bit carried away, sorry about that.
“I'll go outside and make some calls. Try and divert Mary. It should give you a bit longer.”
“Well of course we have to bloody tell her Sherlock,” John snaps, his tongue quick and sharp. “There's no way we can keep it a secret. Christ, I don't even
The hall they have just entered may as well be a room from Buckingham Palace. The dark wooden floor stretches out to form the edges of a long rectangular ballroom, framed by a series of velvet curtains hanging across high windows. The walls themselves are painted in crème, decorated with swirls of gold and scarlet. Chandeliers hang from the ceiling. A large orchestra is positioned on stage, with more instruments than John could possibly name. He looks around. Alone, the people here are something to gawp at. Slender women in glittery dresses of all shapes and colours wander past them, arms draped around their partners. The men grin and run their hands through their hair, possessive and charming.
It’s like a thunderstorm. He can’t keep up. He’s falling and flying and spinning all at once. The world blurs and he’s yelling John’s name a rush of dopamine floods his brain.
Mycroft shuts his eyes, fear flooding through his body and making his fingers tremble. A vision of the next 24 hours flashes before him. Sherlock going still, his pulse disappearing. The sound of John's sobs as he tries to resuscitate him, the ambulance arriving, the paramedic's trying too. Failing. The hospital. The bleach white walls. The numerous doctors, police. Talking, endless questions. Mycroft not being able to find all the answers. Mummy and Daddy arriving, the most harrowing disappointment in their eyes. Bitter resentment.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mycroft grimaces. It feels like the air is vaporising around him. He forces himself to unclench his fists and leans forward, tries
His heart sinks.
Mycroft tucks the packets of Methadone into the breast pocket of his coat and walks towards the car. It’s still raining. He nods to the driver as he approaches and slips into the backseat, tapping his fingers together in his lap.
Mary stares out of the plane window as London disappears beneath her.
John bends over and grips the bed, his head sagging between his shoulders. Clearly experiencing a fresh breakdown. “You were…” he can hardly say the word. “...tortured?”
; makes his stomach churn. He clears his throat and tries to smile reassuringly. “Yes I gathered that, thank you.”
John -
But the only man he’s ever loved doesn’t move, not for a second.
She clicks her phone and slides it back into her pocket. There are only two words on her mind. One direction.
“Who’s that?” Sherlock grunts.
"Really?” John sneers down at him coldly. “Because that's how it seemed to me. I mourned your death for two years, Sherlock, and you let me! You let me do that. You let me suffer."
He winces.
“Hm.” Sherlock looks up reluctantly and tries for the faintest of smiles. “I think Mrs Hudson has some Morphine downstairs.” He smiles at Mary’s stunned reaction. “Yes, I’ll be fine.”
But as she moves quickly towards the door, her fingers just inches from the handle, the cab unexpectedly pulls off again,
John didn’t mean to freeze, dead still, fist clenched around the door handle, but somehow it was instinct. Like a rabbit caught in headlights he stopped outside the classroom door, because suddenly he realised he could hear loud talking and shouting coming from the boys inside.
The smell of John.
Maybe Sherlock pulled John into a quiet room at the wedding reception and gave it to him before smiling sadly and walking away.
“Wouldn’t you?” Sherlock sticks out his arm to present the flowers.
The smile on the taller man's face hastily dropped. His lips suddenly pursed together in a very,
, he thinks. He looks across to Mycroft and senses he’s feeling the same.
Sherlock moved back, and although the proximity was now gone, his dangerously deep tone continued. "Good. Thank you, John".
“Sleep.” He mumbles, almost deliriously. “I need sleep.”
“Of Serbia. He finally intervened and prevented me from being tortured to the point of execution. Still, it took him long enough though, as is now
I have to put up with, John. The gunshots, the...
"What am I going to have to do to get you to
“Sherlock? Sherlock can you hear me?”
As he ordered his papers he risked one final glance at Sherlock, who was picking up his bag and making his way towards the door. John smiled briefly and looked away again, bending down to pick up his coat.
“Wait,” Claire’s voice sounds too loud in his ears. Distorted. “There’s still lots of things for us to discuss. Mycroft-”
John and Mary's wedding from Sherlock's point of view.
“No, I-”
“In my defense it was quite funny.” Sherlock continued, laughter returning to his words once again.
“Where’s the list?” He mumbles.
“Nothing. I just,” John tries to compose himself and blinks. He needs to get a grip. “I’ve just never seen you topless like that before, that’s all.”
“I’m going to inject your first dose of 30mg now, and then I’ll top you up with another 10mg in four hours. Then we’ll need to give you 20mg twice a day for the next couple of days.”
“She’s gone rogue, Mycroft. Molly said she mentioned something about a flight?”
Sherlock stepped forward energetically. “Oh? Not tea then. Well John and I had run out tea bags anyway, bloody things.” He sighed, faking a frown and a disappointed look.
It’s propped delicately against a section of wall beside the doors, helmet resting by its side.
“Is this… acceptable?” Sherlock asks, barely daring to breathe.
He moans softly as he slips into the dark world of unconsciousness. “
Sherlock’s reaction however, was not what he was expecting.
But neither men drop their stances. Their eyes burn into each other. They’re like two animals. The golden lion and the arctic wolf. Both at the top of their food chains, never willing to back down, snarling at each other through gritted teeth. She can practically feel the heat radiating off them.
He’s snapped from his trance by the touch of a gentle hand on his cheek.
.” Sherlock continued, tumbling over his words. “This stuff could be importan-”
“What?”
(See the end of the chapter for
The silence is deafening.
"Sherlock dear!"
“Maybe we should go back to the hospital.”
John props himself up on his elbows and leans down to start devouring Sherlock’s neck; feeling oddly pleased with himself when the detective starts to whimper and shake beneath him.
Sherlock’s feels the heat growing between them. It’s never radiated quite like this. The air has never been so thick with anticipation. His groans get louder. He breaks the kiss and gasps for air. Grinning, momentarily, before pushing John backwards so that he falls against the sheets. Sherlock falls with him, pressing down on to him. Smug that he’s managed to get on top.
But, as he stands there, with nothing but the faint sound of London traffic echoing around the empty flat, the truth is that he really doesn’t have anything else to say.
“Do you need these?”
Sherlock turned, moving out of the way of the door to let the other students past. A couple of them threw questioning glances in their direction but John simply ignored them, instead leaning back onto one of the desks as he took a deep breath and tried to decipher Sherlock's murky facial expression.
A rush of endorphins flood Sherlock’s senses. His brain. It’s a fresh high. A temporary conversion to technicolour. Everything feels hazy.
“Mrs Hudson was out, but I got the honey.”
Hi! So I know it's been a while I'm sorry. I'm so incredibly busy studying journalism at the moment that I hardly get any time to write anything that isn't articles! But, I was feeling rather down this evening and this just sort came out. It's not very long and as always it's not very good but...anyway. I hope you like it. Sorry in advance for the feels. You might also want to read the notes at the end too...
Without another second of hesitation Sherlock broke the moment by continuing to slide his hand up John's length and stroke, regaining his focus on John's neck with his mouth. And after a while John let his eyes flutter shut, relaxing completely, he wanted to remember every second of this, how Sherlock sounded, how he smelt, and how he tasted when John nibbled on his lower lip. Having Sherlock like this was an indescribable form of ecstasy, it was addictive, sensationally exhilarating, and most certainly heaven on earth. Nothing compared to the happiness he felt with Sherlock right now, and John doubted anything ever would.
“John,” Sherlock almost laughs. “He will but there’s nothing we can do about it. I doubt he’ll say anything. Perhaps make a passing comment at the most.”
It all starts with a laugh, a silent cackle that gradually gets louder and louder until suddenly it’s so deafening that it's threatening to burst his eardrums.
“Promise?” Mycroft pushes.
Ah! I find emotional dialogue scenes quite difficult so I hope this was okay and not too cheesy. There were also a few jokes in there too which I hope you found vaguely amusing. Sadly I realise I am not going to be able to update the next and (possibly) final chapter tomorrow before TFP airs, but I'll try and get it done for soon afterwards. As always, thank you for reading. I appreciate your support more than I could ever describe.
But doesn’t. There’s no need anyway, Sherlock inferred it.
At that very moment, an announcement came over the shop loudspeaker.
Sherlock blinks.
John laughs, a deep-rooted chuckle before he captures Sherlock's lips again. Deeply. And then, as Sherlock whispers
“Yes sir.”
“Pardon?” Sherlock replies sarcastically.
These photos were for Sherlock, weren’t they? To make him happy. She roots around in the box again, searching under the newspaper clippings and stray pieces of paper, and her heart leaps as thankfully, to her delight she finds another album. The final album. It’s newer, not quite as tattered as the rest of them. The title simply reads:
“Hm,” John hums. The offer is tempting. He is far too tired to consider booking a hotel, or even making the journey up the stairs to his old bedroom. But what will people think? What will
The cab is already waiting for them when they step outside into the night, a pale orange dawn setting across the sky, the chilly evening air stinging John's cheeks. He takes a deep breath and tugs at the door the handle. They both side into the back of the cab.
Sherlock sighs and drops Mycroft a quick text.
"Mycroft." John tilts his head to the side, a dangerous glint in his eyes. His voice starts to tremble. "What are you implying...I love Mary."
“Do you need to change?” He asks gently.
“No, um, god,” John struggles, backpedalling. “Not wrong, that wasn’t a good way to put it, I mean... It’s just a shock, isn’t it? All of this, and we’ve gone quite fast and I still feel so...
Sherlock watches warily, feeling quite sure he is going to pass out soon, if not from the drugs come down then from exhaustion. Mary is stroking John’s hair, holding his waist, but this time he doesn’t feel the sharp sting of jealousy he normally does. Because this hug is not like before, not even close. It is not an embrace of lovers, or even the pity of friends. It is just genuine comfort, a release for the both of them. Sherlock takes several steady breaths.
"Hey!" John reached out and pulled softly on Sherlock's shoulder, slowing them both to a standstill. "Are you...alright?" He rubbed Sherlock's arm lightly before dropping his hand.
The noise and surprise of the door flying open stopped everything and everyone dead in their tracks. The first thing John’s eyes fell on was a very alarmed Sherlock, draped across his desk, arms outstretched, reaching for his papers. The boy who’d clearly been doing all the talking was stood in front of the desk, holding them high above him.
“Hm,” Sherlock gives an awkward laugh, the first to break the silence. “This is…” he looks down at his chest. “Unpleasant.”
“Got any leads?”
Mycroft widens his eyes. “Er, perhaps that’s not the best ide-”
“Sherlock? Please?”
“Sorry.” Sherlock breathes.
All of this is making Mycroft’s head spin - something he hasn’t experienced for many years. The feeling of panic is almost unrecognisable - dangerous. The world sways in front of him. He feels dizzy and lightheaded. Like he might faint or throw up at any moment, actually drowning in a swamp of his own despair.
Maybe this time I can go far
John continues to stare at the paper and tries to hide the mix of concern and jealousy from his face. He’s normally always the one asking Sherlock the questions.
"It was
“Quite so,” the detective says hurriedly, crossing the room and sitting himself down in his chair. “In fact, I feel a lot better now so you can go and get some sleep, brother mine. John is here to look after me.”
“You- you look terrible! Are you ill?”
“You were going to hit me.” Sherlock whispers eventually.
Sherlock winced at how blatantly obvious they were and he tried to stop himself from looking so guilty. "I was just asking about Mrs Hudson's..." his eyes darted back and forth quickly as he tried to think of the right word "...day."
It’s everything he needs to know, all in one glance. Sometimes, people are just so easy to read.
“Earlier!” Mary retracts her arm, instantly defensive. “When I was trying to find you. You both just disappeared and no one was answering their phones. I thought you were in danger, John. I thought this was serious.” She glares between them. “Why weren’t you answering your calls? What's happened? What’s going on?”
done before.
“Ok?”
"Umm..." John squinted, shading his eyes from the sun with his palm. "No. Looks good, but Mike told me the food isn't. Let's keep going, apparently, there are some nice ones around this street corner here."
A trail of blood drips from Sherlock’s chin. He shuts his eyes as he struggles to translate. The pain overriding his thinking, making his brain whir with distractions.
“Good.” John gets up and props the skull back on the mantelpiece, angling it so the crack is no longer visible. “That’s another thing sorted then.”
me, Sherlock, it's fine." John continued, stepping back ever so slightly to give the other man some space.
Sherlock crinkles his nose. He glances from the kitchen to John and gives him his best puppy dog eyes.
"That. Was. Amazing." John managed between ragged breaths.
“Um,” John pretends to consider this for a second. “I don’t think so, no.”
“Good.” Sherlock purred, reducing the touch of his hand so now it was just his fingertips. He let them trail along the stitches of John’s shirt, following them down his arm.
I'm probably wrong
They both strain as Sherlock lifts himself from the bed once more and tries to stand. His legs tremble beneath him, quivering like jelly. His head sags weakly on John’s shoulder. It takes an enormous amount of effort just to stay upright.
“Oh,” Sherlock pulls his black Belstaff coat over his shoulders and turns the collar up, ready to step out into the night. “That doesn’t matter anymore. I just wanted to ask if I could kiss you, but we’ve done that now.”
The nurse bursts in from behind and grabs Mary’s shoulder sternly, starting to pull. Mary doesn’t resist.“I told you, you couldn't be in here,” She hisses, “This is a private room. You need to be on the list, a relative or…”
Sherlock can’t see but he guarantees his brother is rolling his eyes. “I need some more.” he moans dramatically.
John gave him a look that most men would probably be frightened of. “He’s five years old Sherlock! Five-year-olds shouldn’t be running around B&Q on their own. There are drills and stuff-”
John smiled, glancing at Sherlock in reassurance, but Sherlock looked away quickly, darting to the floor to pick up the rest of his things and rushing to straighten himself out. John felt a wave of guilt wash over him. He should have defended him better or intervened sooner. He tore his gaze away from Sherlock. Too late now. This was going to be a long lesson…
John smiled, rising onto his tiptoes so that he could reward Sherlock with a small kiss on his lips.
Sherlock tilted his head to one side. "Not really, no. Mycroft's always had a fear of...legwork, as he so wonderfully puts it.”
was it. He was bursting in right now. But-
The mostly bare white walls of the hospital corridor give him nothing to look at, offer him no distraction. He’s already memorised the two posters that are there, followed every single chain of thought that can possibly be squeezed from them.
Mycroft takes a small breath. “No, I just...I thought I’d lost you for back there- last night. John and I both did. And you cannot imagine…”
John grins. He's never seen Sherlock’s eyes sparkle this brightly. They’re a stunning blue, yet slightly darker than normal because of the light. His pupils are wide, his gaze never strays from John’s face, and his tongue keeps travelling suggestively across his lips. Has he ever looked so happy? So content with the world?
’ in black marker pen. John’s writing, obviously. He would be the only one to bother storing photographs. She opens it up.
"Yes" Sherlock replied, pulling her closer so their whispers weren't so ridiculous and they could speak in hushed tones. "And you were about to give it all away!"
And then there’s Sherlock.
They hobble across the room towards the door, Sherlock slumping against the wall for a break whenever he can. They both wince as the bright corridor lights blind them the second they leave the room.
John keeps his gaze fixed on the contents of the window too, watching the grey London buildings as they pass by. Not once does he try and catch Sherlock's eye. He twiddles his fingers pointlessly in his lap, his back straight, legs hunched and tense. Sherlock’s eyes dart back and forth quickly, watching, observing all these movements in detail.
It feels like the hardest thing he's ever done.
"But-"
People come and go around him, like players in a game or characters from some naff television drama. It's odd setting, one he's not used to. There is all sorts here, people who look tired, old, young, ecstatic, bereaved. There's children, families. Lone women with sad smiles. He finds he doesn't know how to act, how to
tears when he said goodbye on the rooftop. He's someone Sherlock will do
John gave him an exasperated look, one that had a certain degree of edginess about it. “It’s hardly a surprise Sherlock, it is our one year anniversary after all.”
He says with his eyes.
She growls in frustration and types Mycroft’s password again. Another red flash.
“Oh be quiet.” Sherlock scoffs. “Astonishment doesn’t suit you.”
Sherlock has stopped murmuring, stopped shaking. His whole body now still expect for the moisture that fills the oxygen mask and the bleep the machine makes as it picks up his pulse. The blue-eyed paramedic stands in the other corner trying not to look at them. But when he does, his eyes are filled with something that makes John's stomach curl. Genuine sorrow. Pity.
“Well, I didn’t predict that.”
She tilts her cheek and holds her breath, listening just outside the door. Her fingers curl noiselessly around the handle.
“Hello Mrs Hudson,” He says as brightly as he can manage. “Tea?”
The sound of Sherlock’s shallow breathing is all that fills the room, the air seeming to scratch sharply along his throat as it leaves his chest; rasping against his lungs. Each breath he takes becomes a little more desperate, more fragile.
Five minutes had slipped into ten, then ten into fifteen, and soon Sherlock’s work was sprawled out all over the desk in front of them. With the pair both leaning over it, sat side to side their shoulders and thighs almost touching, crossing over one another and leaning on each other casually when they pointed something out or made a correction. All of this obviously, John didn't have any complaints about. Although it wasn't just that, in all seriousness he didn't mind about the time anymore, he didn't even mind about the risk of being caught. Sat here, right now, giggling, studying and discussing medical science with Sherlock was the most fun he’d had in ages. Amazingly he found that he wasn't even that far out of his depth. He was actually able to understand a great deal of Sherlock's work (with occasional explanations) and even help correct it, so far he’d managed to point out several marginal errors and Sherlock seemed both surprised and very grateful, making a comment that “another eye, a second opinion” was very useful to him.
let him change his mind.
“Are you alright?!”
he thinks,
The elder Holmes straightens up. “But you don’t understand, Sherlock. I
“Sherlock?”
, that he doesn’t know if he can process it all. There’s red lipstick and long black eyelashes. Suit buttons that are straining to hold it together, dying to pop open. Sweat pearls along trimmed hairlines. Bows glide effortlessly across the strings of violins. Everything is movement. Smiles and teeth and sparkling eyes.
Her ears pop as they disappear above the clouds.
Would he lie? Why?
“I don’t think you are…”
Nothing.
Sherlock waved his arm and caught the waiter's attention. "Excusez moi, pourrions-nous avoir l’addition s’il vous plaît?”
“What list?” He cries, his voice laced with panic. “I don’t understand?!”
. He should never have opened up, never-
something.”
Sherlock lets out another agonising yell. His whole body tensing as his muscles contract inwards. Dark blue veins start to line his pale arms. More blood dribbles from his mouth and stains the fabric of his shirt. It’s actually horrific, impossible to witness. Mycroft feels sure he is about to be sick. He can’t even look at him, his own brother, he-
"Um, you don't have to keep calling me sir." John replied, stifling a small polite laugh. "I'm not strictly a professor or anything.”
Sherlock starts moaning relentlessly into John’s mouth. Babbling. His eyes closed and fluttering. His breathing is shallow. Movements unpracticed.
Sherlock scowled and rolled his eyes. "Really John? Small talk? We travel all the way to a different country and you want to make pointless comments." He scanned the hustle of people rushing past, his eyes flickering over hundreds and hundreds of small details. Trimmed nails, worn-out handbags, shiny new shoes. "Why don't we play deductions instead?"
Unexpectedly a smile broke out on John’s face and it quickly dissolved into a chuckle.
Confusion flickers briefly across Mary's face, and then determination. “We both still love her, don't we? We’ll both still see her and look after her. That's all a child needs.”
. It’s just not an option. She’s probably fine anyway, it would just be a waste of time. Besides, what if John is actually hurt?
But neither of them notice, because at that very moment Sherlock finally musters the courage to move forward and close the gap between them. Their eyes shut instinctively as he presses their lips together, softly, gently. For the first time. It's like connecting the final wire. Solidifying their relationship, whatever it is, to something
it. She'd known things hadn't been quite right when Sherlock returned from the dead. Why wasn't John happy then? He'd been angry, initially, but even
This information lingers in the air for a moment.
Molly balances Rosie on her hip. “It’s not that I don’t want to but...can’t John take her?”
Perhaps Sherlock simply got there first?
John’s eyes snap from the window. He looks startled but doesn’t pull away. Sherlock holds his gaze, his pupils reflecting the soft glow of the sunrise, a burst of orange light suddenly streaming in through the window.
“Wait,” Sherlock interrupts, because he can’t stand how innocent her tone of voice is, how much she cares. “There’s more.”
“I’m sorry?” John scoffs and turns to her, finally breaking eye contact with Sherlock.
“Hm,” Sherlock murmurs, looking up and giving John a shy smile. “I didn’t realise I was so hungry.”
“No.” John pauses before shaking his head. “Things weren’t working anyway, between me and Mary I mean.” The words muffle as he speaks into his hands. “Not really, not underneath. Not when everyone was gone and Rosie was in bed and we were... alone.” He shakes his head slightly, looking off warily into the distance, eyes dark. “I don't know. We argue and, I can't stop thinking about you, and-”
"Ok." Sherlock smiled, turning back and starting to walk, his usual restlessness all but settled by the reassurance that hung in John's smile. "I don't mind."
“But what about Rosie?”
"Stop.” The boy cut him off, raising his voice. There was the scape of a chair and a hushed silence fell over the room. John could hear footsteps advancing over towards the door, towards where Sherlock usually sat. "Look, is this some sort of joke?” The boy's said, his voice softer this time but sour, dangerous.
tone.
The elder Holmes drops his head into his hands and begins to rock slowly; forwards and backwards. His whole body tingles and tenses, prickling with a storm of fiery emotions.
(The Russian was from google translate, do correct me if it's wrong.)
“Well um,” Sherlock leans back in his chair and undoes the top button of his shirt, looking slightly embarrassed. “I feel very hot, for a start. And shaky, lightheaded and a bit...sick.” He wipes a layer of sweat from his forehead.
Mycroft’s words drag him back to reality in an instant, like a cold slap in the face. A million insecurities flood back to the hollow pit in his stomach. His chest contracts with nerves. He sits up wearily.
It’s only now that she has an idea of why. He wasn’t happy. He was thinking, missing someone. Again, she wonders how she was so blind.
feel for her, once, but nothing comes. His vision starts to blur before him. It feels like everything is collapsing on the inside.
Sherlock will. He’s going to fight back, going to see this one through. His entire system is being fuelled by John’s words, by a feeling he’s never truly felt before.
“What are you doing?!”
Of course, it was not only the glow of springtime London that was fuelling John's good mood. No, it was also the unmistakable pleasure of post-case glory.
He reached where Sherlock was sat and stood awkwardly. It felt weird standing when Sherlock was sitting, but he decided that taking a chair next to him could come across as creepy. Especially in a darkened classroom, that could be viewed as slightly inappropriate.
Hands that nearly swung forward and connected with his jaw.
He won’t be able to handle it if Sherlock dies. Not for the third time. Especially not when he awoke with that feeling earlier and carelessly ignored it.
Sherlock lifts both his hands and pushes firmly at the rounds of John's shoulders, just enough to make him sway backwards. He makes sure the force ripples slowly through John’s body, across his chest. It's a display of strength. A warning.
, and all that came afterwards. So many arguments. So
Even if Sherlock definitely does pull through, how will they ever recover from this?
Sherlock blinks, and his fingers twitch against his will as the coal black darkness of Moriarty’s eyes flashes before him. He sees the unnatural whiteness of Jim's teeth. The blood…
I believe if I just try
But it still doesn’t make him believe it.
The day she
Enjoy!
“No…” Dread rolls in her stomach at the thought of an ambulance, of more pointless waiting around.
“No!” Sherlock’s gasps, his body jolting as his knees contract towards his chest. “Not you.” Tears begin to squeeze from the corners of his eyes.
"Of course."
John pondered on these thoughts as made his way across the university campus to the class. Surprisingly, so far he’d managed to tame the butterflies in his stomach, although there was no denying he could still feel the nervous tingle of anticipation sparking through him with every step as he walked closer to the building. To be honest he had no idea what to expect, he hadn't spoken to Sherlock, he had no way of contacting him and besides, what on an earth would he say?
“Right, but you do understand that after any overdose, especially one of this severity, we would normally expect to keep a patient in for a few days at the very least.”
John pulls Sherlock behind to check that he's okay. However, that's not all that happens..
Sherlock rolled his eyes and unfolded his arms, his voice adopting a sarcastic tone. "I thought this class would be more
“Oh...god...”
He steps outside to make a phone call and adds her to a ‘high security’ list, before sending a few people out to keep tabs on her every movement. After a minute, Anthea informs him she’s left the house and has dropped Rosie off with Mrs Hudson. Mycroft’s lips twitch as he watches some footage of her leaving and taking a cab south towards St Thomas’s Hospital, the blue dot showing her location moving steadily across his screen. Falling innocently into his trap.
It’s been four whole days now and John is still refusing to speak to him. Every time Sherlock has gone round and knocked at his student house he has received nothing but a swish of the curtains, a muffled huff, and an unopened door.
She rubs her eyes once more and tries to focus on the task in hand: clearing out the attic and searching through their old belongings; deciding what will be kept, and what will be thrown away.
John sighs. “Yes, kind of. I mean I feel guilty, for Mary, and because if I’m honest I’ve never really been comfortable with my own-”
John ignored him and stared out across the street, watching as various different types people wandered past, either businessmen or tourists, rushing or milling about, with their suitcases or cameras in tow.
“He’s woken up.”
Sherlock floats in and out of consciousness ceaselessly. His limbs are limp, spiritless, and there’s saliva leaking from the corner of his mouth, drooling down his chin. At one point he collapses onto his side. He
Will he be furious? Distraught? Overwhelmingly relieved? Did he actually mean what he said?
“Nearly there,”
John laughs and disappears downstairs.
And all the films were wrong, the books too, because the worst feeling in the world isn’t having your heart broken. It’s breaking someone else’s.
“Really?” John raises his eyebrows.
John finds his grip intuitively tightening around Sherlock’s waist. He glances between them.
And then it hit him, what they were doing, and John’s heart almost stopped. They were holding hands properly now and time seemed to slow as Sherlock brought his eyes back up and they just stared at each other, mouths partly open and pupils dilated. John took a moment to admire the phenomenal person in front of him. Sherlock looked absolutely gorgeous, his dark curls tumbling over his ears and forehead, his eyes dark and his cheekbones softly radiating the orange glow from the desk light. He looked young, inexperienced and ever so expectant.
Sherlock gazed at him intently for a moment, his blue-green eyes glinting sharply in the sun.
The photos are starting to get more personal. Evidently the hits counter on John’s blog was rising at this point, hence the publicity photos. There are the first ones with Sherlock and his iconic deerstalker. It's proof of the passing of time: they are now an established pair of crime solvers. The next few photos seemed to be stamped with the trademarks of various newspapers.
“Is this better?” he breathes.
“I suppose I should…go...” He looks towards the door.
Except that he didn’t, of
Shiny expensive exterior, well kept, and not more than six months old. A four-stroke engine. A full fuel gauge.
“I get like what?” Sherlock snaps from the other side of the room.
“Excuse me but what the
“Ignore him,” Mycroft repeats, looking slightly embarrassed. “He gets like this.”
“Sherlock,” His voice comes out all wrong, desperate. A new-found guilt gnaws through him, sucking all the air from his chest. He could never have actually beaten Sherlock. He would have stopped after the first punch, wouldn't he? He would have realised the gravity of what he’d done.
“That’s correct.” John replied, trying desperately to ensure his tone didn’t come across as patronising. He was pretty certain everyone in this room was either his age or older than him.
Sherlock and John finally talk. Properly.
He slumps backwards on the mattress and lets his head fall against the damp brick wall behind him. It shouldn’t take long before the drugs start to take effect. He’s taken a higher dosage than normal - a whole 5 percent more.
“Let’s get you off the road. Someone call an ambulance!”
He slips his hands in his pockets and watches the world go by in the car window. London looks as lovely as ever, the rain painting a faint rainbow against the clouds, sunlight shining through and catching in the puddles. Perhaps this is a new beginning.
It has been left like that deliberately. Ajar.
Sherlock’s unforeseen thanks had crossed his mind several times, and although it was hard for him to admit, John found himself willing Sherlock would stay behind again so they could talk a bit more.
Suddenly the hushed bang of the door downstairs stopped them both dead in their tracks and their eyes widened simultaneously at the realisation that Mrs Hudson was coming out of her flat and probably on her way up. And nonetheless, in the second they'd frozen, small footsteps had begun to walk along the corridor and pad up the first few steps of the stairs. John’s laughing face fell and he pushed up from the ground quickly.
fine," Sherlock mumbled. "It's just..."
Thankfully after a couple of seconds the heads turned, the man sat back and John blew a small sigh of relief.
“My pyjamas are in the second draw down.”
John watched, propped up on his elbows, his eyelids heavy and his breath yielding to the intense effect of Sherlock’s actions.
"Erm..." Sherlock looked away awkwardly, avoiding John's eyes and doing the face he always did when he was trying to act in control but actually wasn't.
“What?” Sherlock asked, genuinely puzzled. “I’m sure I got the right type of-”
Sherlock is the first to look away.
Time bends and fluctuates around him, some minutes passing like seconds, some like years, but the moment he does finally does fall into some kind of distorted sleep, Mycroft’s elbow starts jabbing him sharply in the ribs.
. Something unbreakable.
“John Watson?”
Sherlock splutters as blood from his face starts to dribble across his lips. He can almost feel his right eye swelling.
It’s like nothing John’s experienced before. To be with someone like this, to feel them so intimately. It's not like Mary, not like any of the girlfriends he’s had previously. There's just something else with Sherlock. Proper chemistry. A connection. A fuse that’s been waiting to blow. It's as if there's electricity between them, pulling them together. Two stones striking for a spark.
That must have been when it happened, shortly after these photographs were taken. She shudders. That's why the rest of the album is once again empty, like before in 2012, John must have stopped because it was at this moment his world came crashing down around him. 2017 is the year his wife, and her mother, died.
“No don’t lie.” The words sting but they're not supposed to. Mary wipes a tear from her cheek and takes hold of John’s trembling hands. “Look it's... ok.” She shrugs her shoulders and smiles sadly. “It’s ok. This. I think we both know we wouldn’t have lasted anyway, not forever.”
Except...
“You could borrow one of my infamous dressing gowns?”
Mary turns and moves until she’s hovering awkwardly behind John’s chair. She tries to keep her expression unreadable, her eyes blank. But it doesn't work.
He waits for his vision to black out completely; for the vomit to come. It’s as if someone is grinding and kneading his heart with their fists. How can he ever - there’s nothing left for him now. He’s...failed. What will he tell their parents? How can he face them?
transparent.”
what’s going on. This can’t continue. She has to get answers; right now. She has to see John again and kiss him, she-
John’s grin faded slightly. He glanced around the now darkened classroom rather shadily. The sun had now almost completely set and as their class was last period, students and teachers alike would now be setting off home. The university was now almost completely quiet, and there was no denying this kind of behaviour, just a teacher and a student alone in a darkened classroom for no good reason, was suspicious.
“Hot,” Sherlock slurs. “I’m hot again now.”
“John…”
worse.
“Ugh…” Mary shifts in the sheets beside him. “I’ll get it.”
Mycroft stops hesitating and moves to Sherlock’s free side. He hooks his umbrella on his arm and pauses, offering Sherlock his shoulder, his support. Surprise flickers briefly in his brother’s eyes.
This has never happened before.
But Mary has stopped listening. She looks past the woman distractedly, over to the carnage of the motorbike in the road. The world is still blurring slightly at the edges. She speaks her thoughts aloud. “I need to find my phone.”
"Clearly-" He tried again, but he was already beginning to sound defeated.
to John that he means it. There’s just so much he needs to convey, so many details and feelings. So much he has no idea how to put into words.
"Okay. I believe you."
"Relax, she barely ever comes in" Sherlock said, sensing his anxiety.
"No. You better have got me something Sherlock."
“What?”
He tries to picture John's face. The dimples in his cheeks when he laughs, the gentle touch of his hand on his shoulder. He imagines the gleam in his eyes when he finally returns. How bright his smile will be when he explains that it was all for him. And that they can be together now,
He’s never regretted saying anything more.
Sherlock tried to stifle his laugh but it escaped all the same, and soon they were both sniggering, hiding their fond looks behind twinkling eyes.
“That it's romantic… that it's....where people go to-” He mashed his head into his palm. Giving in.
“Don’t try and guess just open it!” John huffed, interrupting Sherlock mid-deduction, he had a habit of doing that.
Sherlock was twitching anxiously. He started to drum on the table with his fingers.
Mary stands outside the infamous black door of 221B Baker Street and pauses for a moment to catch her breath.
John bit down on his lip nervously. One week had passed and now he found himself 15 minutes into his 11b class - the one with Sherlock. He would like to say he was completely uneffected by last week's encounter, but of course that was not the case.
All of the pain, so much power
“Oh my…”
John’s heart sinks lower and lower with every text he receives; every phone call he watches ring out silently in front of him. He feels physically sick, sure his stomach is about to chuck up its contents at any moment.
Sherlock stirs as he enters.
“So,” John repeats, blowing some air through his nose and trying to gather enough strength to lean forward and look Sherlock in the eyes, resting his chin on his upturned palms. “What’s the plan?
The nurse lets go of her shoulder and tells her to go and find reception, but Mary pays no attention. She presses herself back against the wall, her brain still whirling, eyes darting.
A busy square in Paris had never felt so silent. It was like the trees had stopped rustling, the people stopped talking. All John could hear was his heartbeat drumming frantically in his ears.
All my apologies,
“Yeah.”
“Shh,” Sherlock unexpectedly moves in the darkness and takes his hand. “Stop worrying.”
The white walls now seem to slope inwards; crushing her. Her brain swirls with confusion, with questions. Her eyes drift to the sign on the door. 210.
In my heart, in this cold heart
“Mm.”
He wants to stop Moriarty, of course, but deep down he'd be lying if he said that's actually the reason.
“Oh don't cry.” John starts to plead, “Mary, please.”
ure they’ve had their ups and downs, but Mary doesn’t deserve this - to be cheated on and lied to - not one bit.
Sherlock’s voice cracks. His words turn into small sobs. He gasps and tries to stifle them, slowly lifting a hand to cover his face.
She stares numbly at the ceiling. If she tried hard enough, she could probably convince herself that John was simply in the bathroom right now, just brushing his teeth before bed.
“Thank you.”
“Oh...um...” Sherlock wishes he could interrupt and change the subject but for once he has nothing to say. This has come from nowhere, caught him off-guard. “John…”
Sherlock sounds defensive.
Minutes ago John would have jumped in front of a bullet for this man, but now he just wants to punch his lights out, to hit him until he
Sherlock flops down onto the bed and closes his eyes, still breathless. He pulls a pillow over his head to block out the light and lets out a long groan in response to John’s question. “I do but I…” He takes several deep breaths. “I’m too exhausted.”
The army doctor curls his fists. His knuckles are starting to turn white. An ugly sort of strangled sound escapes from his throat.
“I know it is...and I know he says stuff, and that he hurts you, but it’s not real...do you understand? He’s dead.” John leans in even closer and closes his eyes. Their foreheads are almost touching.
"Well
She thinks. She can sit back into the seats and start to gather locations-
Sherlock sags forward and takes small shallow breaths. Gasps desperately for air. He tries to utter the few Russian words he knows how to pronounce.
“You what?!”
Sherlock and John sit together on the bed for a while, enjoying the silence, the calm. Outside, trains rattle through the station and the afternoon traffic hums. The rain patters. Birds tweet outside the window. Eventually, John rests his head on Sherlock’s shoulder.
The pale yellow bricks seem to tower oddly in front of her. A train rattles faintly through the station a few streets away. The road is quiet - silent even - but not peaceful. Instead it feels eerie. Rigged. As if someone’s watching her. She glances cautiously over her shoulder.
The clock ticks rhythmically above them. Serving as an unwanted reminder that time is always passing. That the inevitable is drawing closer and closer.
John was utterly still with shock. His brain temporarily offline, it seemed something inside of him did the talking for him.
“Wow” John breathed again, pulling the notes closer and studying the diagrams of cells and chemical compounds Sherlock had drawn. “May I ask why?”
“And what about Rosie?” Mary wipes a tear from her cheek with the back of her hand. It disgusts her but she can’t help it. “Oh John,” Her voice cracks. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
“No one’s ever said that to me before.” Sherlock said quietly.
“So,” She begins, “We’ve had another one, have we?”
“Please Sherlock. Wake up.”
Sherlock looked up at John and noted that his eyes were now slanted and heavy with arousal and his breath was beginning to hitch on every second pant - a sign that he was really close. Sherlock knew a few more tentative strokes is all it would take to send John spiralling over the edge.
“Until what?” Mary is now perched on the edge of the seat. Her fingers curl into fists at her sides. She
“Fine. Better.” Sherlock swallows. “Bit shaky to be honest and my head hurts but you know
Sherlock grins. “Like it?”
“Sherlock?!” John looks bewildered for a second before his face clouds over with something Sherlock doesn’t recognise. “You do know it’s me you’re talking to - right.” he gets up from the bench quickly, clenching his fists. “You know what? Fuck you then. Fuck you.” He turns sharply and starts to walk away.
Sherlock groans softly. His eyes flutter behind his closed eyelids. “Moriarty...”
"What?" John looked across the table and raised his eyebrows in the consulting detective’s direction. "I didn't know you spoke French?"
John grips his arm. “Steady,”
John appears, walking slowly, cautiously, staring hard at the floor. Watching the movements of his shaking hands as he lets go of the handle and pushes the door closed behind him. The first thing Sherlock spots is the sweaty palm prints he leaves on the metal. The faded creases of his jeans, his shirt. His nails which are unusually are bitten down to the skin. And when Sherlock’s eyes finally drift up to his face…
“Uh,” Sherlock drapes his arms around John’s neck. “Really?”
It crushes her.
. He crinkles his nose in disgust and starts to tug at the drip pressed into his hand, an instrument feeding even more drugs into his body.
“No?”
“Don’t.” He beckons Mary to step away from John with his eyes, as if she were standing too close to something dangerous. “Leave him. I’ll explain.”
mutual resentment. It could fill books or entire museum galleries. All of it feels just simply impossible to address. The air conditioning hums faintly above them. Neither of them actually know where to start.
Sherlock didn’t reply, he was all over John in an instant, kissing him with the most imperative haste and pulling desperately at his hair and clothes.
Which is So Far by Ólafur Arnalds, as it was what I was listening to when I wrote this, and to me speaks exactly what Sherlock is thinking through music.
…” He clears his throat. “Hallucinations.”
“Mary.”
"Sherlock!?!" He hissed, "What the-" But he cut himself off. Annoyed as he was, he wasn't going to embarrass the boy in front of everyone.
“No,” John narrows his eyebrows and sighs. “That’s not what I meant…” He drags his gaze from the floor and looks Sherlock directly in the eyes, defeated. “I want to help.”
There’s another deathly silence.
He opens his eyes properly and sits up, rubbing his head.
“Adjusting your tubes, I was going to move them so you can sit up and see-”
“Oh my god Sherlock.” John said, breaking away from Sherlock momentarily in a desperate gasp for air.
He can’t shake Mary’s gentle voice from his head, and he can’t
“Yes you have?”
John forces air to inflate his lungs. He shuffles so he's back at Sherlock's side. Places his hands on the detective's flaming cheeks and tries to calm his movements, but as he does so he accidentally nudges something light with his foot.
To make up for it I've made a playlist of appropriate soundtrack music for you to listen to as you read - as it's what I write to. Please listen if you can, It's
Mycroft feels as if the world is collapsing around him. It’s like gravity has shattered into little pieces, slanted sideways. His whole body is starting to feel weightless, numb, and his vision takes a while to sharpen when he moves.
He cuts himself off as John looks away and gulps silently.
“I think I’m fine.” She manages at last, pushing herself to her feet. Everything shakes as she moves. Throbbing with pain. The adrenaline is off the scale.
“Sorry,” Sherlock whispered, trying for a smile.
“Because I didn’t-“ John is now trying to hold back tears too. “I didn’t know! I had no idea that’s how Sherlock felt. He-“ He turns to the detective still slouched in his chair, head in his hands. “He never bloody tells me anything!”
“You don’t have to.” Mycroft says, quieting his voice and trying to sound reassuring.“I’ve already been to the doctors and I’ve got some Methadone, the strongest available. I’ll have it collected every day and delivered here. All you need to do is promise me you’ll take it.”
Sherlock watches and smiles, a cheeky grin spreading across his face, “Don’t fancy sneaking down in just your boxers then?”
But he can’t have both of them. He
“Shit.”
Mycroft snatches it from his hands. He places the torch between his teeth and unravels it as fast as he can without making it rip.
Mary stops dead in her tracks. Her excitement shatters like a wall of glass around her. The door bangs shut.
John licked his lips, unsure if this was some kind of dirty innuendo or if Sherlock genuinely did have notes he wanted help with. “I’m…happy to do that. In fact it would be my pleasure.” He whispered in a slow, low voice. Amazed at his sudden ability to stay calm and talk so smoothly. This wasn’t a normal occurrence. There was something here…some kind of electricity, some kind of chemistry between them that set a spark of tenacity alight inside of him. He looked back up to Sherlock’s eyes. His pupils were dark and blown back wide, and John imagined his were the same.
“Hello?” She slides the phone underneath her helmet, steering the bike carefully with one hand.
“Mycroft he’s…he’s gone.”
She passes through the empty hallway and begins heading up the stairs, noticing the light is on in Mrs Hudson’s room, her outline dancing through the clouded window as she moves around the kitchen. She quietens her footsteps, not wanting to be disturbed. There’s no doubt Rosie will be safely asleep in the bedroom.
two weeks of dashing about and night's that involved very little sleep. It was a serial killer this time, Sherlock's favourite, but even this case had pushed his limits, and it was a relief to know that things were finally going to return to some kind of normality, well, at least for the afternoon.
It's like all the galaxies aligning. Everything slotting into place. It feels so
“Um,” Sherlock turns his head, eyebrows raised. He looks lost, baffled and bemused all at the same time. “I don’t think this level of confrontation really suits you Molly-”
“Why not... what?” John whispered, afraid to breathe.
The people are coming after her. The rain is drizzling down into her hair, misting her vision. Everything is shaking. She can’t physically stay here and wait for the ambulance, suffer more delays and distractions. She
THE COMFORT BEGINS.
John felt his fists clench.
“I'll be in touch.”
the hero.
“I'm sorry too, Sherlock.” He murmurs as his fingers curl into the other man's hair, their foreheads resting gently against each other. "I'm sorry too."
“My. God.” He shuts his eyes as the feeling sweeps through him, overpowering his body, his mind,
“Sherlock?” He calls.
Twenty minutes later and he’s stood on John’s doorstep holding some flowers. His coat flaps softly on the wind. He ruffles his hair. He can’t help thinking that he must look utterly ridiculous - that this definitely won’t work. But this is what people do, don’t they?
The car finally skids to halt outside a large run-down victorian building a few streets away from the main road. It’s got faded red brickwork and slanting window ledges. There’s graffiti on the walls. All the glass is smashed through.
“Last night...after everything, what I did, it really wasn’t what you needed, alright? That’s what I’m trying to tell you. I’ve always had a bit of a temper but that...that was…” He loses the words to continue. “I shouldn’t have treated you like that, no matter the circumstances, and I promise I
“Yes. But he’s…” The nurse trails off and her eyes suddenly fixate on the floor. “Well, um, maybe it would be best if you went in one at a time.”
He hesitates momentarily before folding the note up carefully and slipping it into his blazer pocket. It’s not perfect. But then, nothing he’s done ever has been.
I can live or I can die
He exhales loudly through his nose and stares up at the ceiling. He’s wide awake now, and a sick feeling has settled in the pit his stomach. What if Sherlock isn’t fine? What if he’s lying in an alleyway, bleeding out from a gunshot wound. What if he’s had a row with Mycroft, or is thinking about Irene. What if he’s fallen victim to temptation….
the first groan slips from his lips. He rolls them over, pushing Sherlock down hard against the bedsheets, tangling his fingers in those glorious soft black curls.
Mycroft takes a casual glance at his watch. “Ignore him.” he says to John, “This is right on cue.”
"Uh...yeah” John replied, his fingers suddenly reaching down to fiddle with the corners of his shirt. This felt... weird. He wasn't on first term names with any of his other students.
He listens attentively as the nurse suggests they should see Sherlock one at a time, lets Mycroft go first, and gulps nervously when the elder holmes promises not to be too long. Soon he’s watching Mycroft take one last breath and step through the door.
He turns.
She leans forwards and gives John a final peck on the cheek before turning to go. “I’ll speak with you in the morning.”
John nods, breathless.
Footsteps. The clamorous clicking of stilettos, echoed down the corridor. Breaking the silence, destroying the moment and shattering it apart. John’s stomach instantly flooded with a wave of dread. He pulled back quickly and opened his eyes. Sherlock had frozen, eyes wide, staring at him like a terrified rabbit caught in headlights.
Sherlock smiles.
She gulps. It was always going to be hard, but this? A sinking feeling spreads slowly through her chest. The loss is still so raw. She feels such sadness, but at the same time, a kind of warmth is rousing there too. What beautiful, caring men her parents were, with such big hearts. How dear they were to each other.
All of a sudden Sherlock grabbed his empty glass from the table and raised it. A little drop of moisture ran down the outside and onto his hand but he didn't seem to notice. He was still staring at John, looking at him in a way that he’d
Mycroft tilts his chin and blinks once. He chooses his next words carefully.
“Sir?!” One of the students shouted, bringing John crashing down from his thoughts.
The tension released. It wasn't the perfect reaction, but it would do.
She flicks through the magazine tucked in the back of the seat in front of her. Sips her water. Anything to distract herself from the reality of what she’s doing.
“John,”
,” Sherlock tries again, “I just need something to take the edge off. Anything. Cigarettes, I don’t care. Get me some. I want this to stop.”
It doesn’t at all.
It was really late when I wrote this. I personally think it's a bit not good but people seemed to enjoy it then so I thought I'd try and touch it up a little and put it on here so it's not wasted. Enjoy!
Sherlock moans. He whimpers. But the sounds get swallowed by John’s mouth. He’s insistent, moving against Sherlock now, grinding his thighs up against Sherlock’s clothed body, rutting against him, desperately trying to find some sort of friction.
Her screen flashes red.
Except they didn’t.
A shuffling sound breaks the fragile silence that follows. Sherlock is sitting himself up in his chair, wincing as he moves, his eyelids heavy. His words come out as little more than a whisper.
John tilted his head, didn’t Sherlock understand? He ran a hand through his hair slowly. “I uh, you don’t need to...defend me.”
John holds his breath and starts to lean forwards.
He takes in their current situation, all of it, and starts to imagine a hundred different scenarios, scenes and outcomes; before predicting their conclusions as best he can. He lets nothing go unmissed, factoring in John behaviour, Mary's. He takes into account the weather, the time, the traffic; how exhausted they all are. In an instant he opens his mind palace and pictures every single detail, every reaction. It’s like he’s inventing a map in his head, drawing lines and making links. He plots Mary’s likely responses, her movements. Tries to decipher where she might be right
“That’s alright dear,” Mrs Hudson smiles, “It’s just nice to see you looking a bit better.”
“Please Sherlock,” John sobs, tears dribbling onto the other man’s cheeks. “Wake up. This can’t be it. I love you.”
Mary lies still.
“Shit,” John mutters under his breath. “He's getting worse. Sherlock? Sherlock, it’s okay I’m here.”
Sherlock’s face lit up. “Oh, that's what I thought.”
“I love you too.” John added, leaning upwards to peck a small kiss on Sherlock’s lips.
The man next to him laughed before joining in. “Give em a cuppa”
it would be him. How the hell has he been so blind?
"He's not." Sherlock quipped, his loud low voice sounding defensive.
How can he possibly expect her to understand?
Molly tries to catch the end of Mary’s sentences but she’s not really making much sense.
“Не смей игнорировать меня!"
someone then, or I would have...”
But really, he’s nervous.
Sherlock takes a very cautious step forward. “Yes.”
The song finishes. Everything goes silent and Sherlock halts suddenly, his whole body freezing in John’s arms. Panic flashes momentarily in his eyes. His confidence falters. Their lips are only inches apart.
John squares his shoulders. It wouldn't take much to take the bait right now, hardly anything in fact. There’d be no trouble mustering up the courage or the strength, no hesitation before he swung forward.
Mycroft and John step forward, they answer in unison.
But it is. It
There was a cough, and then to his utter relief the boy chuckled awkwardly, glancing at his classmates in dismissal before tossing the papers roughly in Sherlock's direction and flopping carelessly back into his chair, swinging on it slightly.
“You can’t just walk out?!” He hisses, swooping down to pick up his umbrella and tactically blocking their path. He glares daggers at John.
They get held up by a truck and are set back thirty minutes at least. Thirty whole tortuous minutes that John has to spend going crazy in the back of a car. He’s actually losing his mind. He wants to cry, to throw up, to kick something.
“It looks very impressive.”
They were here of course, because of a case. Mycroft had contacted Sherlock earlier this morning, and they'd flown out from London an hour later, touching down in Paris at about four pm French time. They'd booked in at the hotel, a rather exquisite building that happened to have an absolutely gorgeous view of the Eiffel tower - probably at older Holmes’s expense, and then Sherlock had been rushing them out of the door before John even had time to hang up his coat.
After a moment, a door opens and a doctor arrives. He’s pleased to see that it's Claire, a tall woman with blonde hair and sympathetic smile. They've discussed Sherlock’s case many times before.
“Yes” John replied, realising his voice was no more than a whisper either.
She pulls out her phone and double checks the information, all correct.
They remain in silence for a long while, before Mary runs her hands down John's shoulders a final time and pulls back, looking towards the door. “Well…" She sighs softly. "I guess I should go.”
“Just for now then,” Sherlock revises. “You stay just for now. Please.”
Sherlock's grip tightened on his hand. He let out a tiny gasp before slanting his eyes and beginning to lean in also.
love her, and our life together. Truly. But she’s
Sherlock drops his head into his hands.
Mary hurries out of the front door and looks around for her cab, lost. “Not exactly. Um, anyway I’ve got to dash, don’t want to miss this flight. Thank you so much aga-”
I can live or I can die
The journey feels like forever, because it
The tall Russian's words strike his eardrums. So boisterous they seem to vibrate in the valves of his heart. He punches Sherlock again and this time the detective can't help but whimper as the man's knuckles connect with his jaw. Breaking the skin on his lip.
It’s the dust more than anything, the place hasn’t been cleaned since well before Mrs Hudson died - the boys never bothered to do it, and to be perfectly honest she probably didn’t either - so now the stuff lays about an inch thick on every surface, a sort of grey ash. It covers the Victorian beams and tattered old boxes that surround her. She sniffs and rubs her eyes. Dust allergies probably. But of course, it’s not just that.
John pushed up from his chair, pressing his sweaty palms flat against the dark oak of the desk as he stood up and addresed the class.
No one steps in her way.
“I’m...I’m not going anywhere.” He mumbles. “That’s the problem.”
He speaks on the phone to Mycroft for roughly ten minutes. They formulate a plan: Locate Sherlock, assess what drugs he’s taken, and then get him into an ambulance and try and keep him conscious. If he’s taken a syringe they will be nothing else they can do.
“You can go in now he’s...slightly better.” Mycroft moves forward and purses his lips, seemingly unsure of what to say. “He’s in a lot of pain though so...be careful.”
“Hmpth,” Sherlock slurs, shirt partly undone, one arm behind his head, still completely out of it. “They could be quite important.”
What if everything did turn out okay in the end?
predict this.
Will he be able to handle it?
“Hey,” John murmurs softly. “Look who’s awake.”
John gave a shy smile, “Well... It does…-look let's... ”
“Me?” John replies, turning his head.
John’s face clouds over.
John just stared at him blankly, not yet recovered from the shear panic he’d just experienced.
"My, haven't you told him yet!"
“What is this?” John hisses.
"Oh," Sherlock paused, his eyes finding the floor. "Just...?"
Time slows further. Each minute starts to last longer, dragging past like a death sentence; a form of torture. He rakes a shaky hand through his hair and tries to focus on taking deep heavy breaths. Should he plan out what to say?
How could he do this? To the man he loves?
Mycroft blinks. He realises the situation in an instant.
a place he understands like the back of his hand. Somewhere they will all feel comfortable.
She takes one last look around the house that for a short while, she called home.
He opens his eyes and squints as the glare of the bright white ambulance light fills his vision.
“John,” Sherlock reaches out and touches John’s shoulder. “It’s ok, I understand. We were both angry. I wound you up, even.”
But Sherlock and John are still prowling around each other, smiling. Spinning. Twisting. And suddenly they find the entire attention of the room is on them. Everyone else has stopped dancing and is now watching, waiting, holding their breath.
"Hm?" Sherlock muttered quickly as if he hadn't quite heard. He made to stride past John back into the living room but John snapped his hand across the doorway, his palm spreading out on the wooden door frame, forcing Sherlock to halt suddenly as he nearly bumped into it.
“Don’t be nasty, Sherlock,” Mycroft snaps. “And anyway I do.”
“Sorry,” John stutters in between pants, “I'm not really sure what I'm doing but-” he moans as Sherlock leans up and kisses him again. “You will say if it's too much?”
“What?” Mycroft manages to lift his head slowly. “How?”
Sherlock eats like he hasn’t seen proper food in weeks, which, if he’s honest, isn’t so far from the truth. He gulps down his tea and crunches on his toast enthusiastically.
John strains his neck, as if finding the right words was causing him pain. “I’m not leaving...what I said…”
“STOP!” Sherlock sobs, his chest rising and falling sharply as he thrashes and tries to push John’s hands away from him. “We’re not the same! You know nothing about me...” The words trail off as he keels over in pain, turning on his side and clutching his knees to his chest.
“Hmm?” John groans softly as his dream liquidates in front of him. He was lying on the soft brown sofa at Baker Street, the leather cool against his skin, his fingers curled into Sherlock’s hair…
He's only a few months in and he’s broken his wedding vows - the whole thing makes him feel sick. Questions swirl endlessly in his head, like water twisting down a plughole. What will happen now? Who will look after Rosie? How will Sherlock react to this? Mary? Surely there’s no way back to the way things were?
How will anything-
“Ok?” He breathes as the world comes back into focus.
Invent a time machine to go back and stop himself from ever taking drugs, probably.
John and Mycroft follow quickly, taking the steps two at a time. The flashing blue lights of the ambulance blind them as soon as they step outside. The cold wind stings their cheeks.
He’s alive. He’s fighting back. Moriarty is nowhere to be seen.
“Sherlock,” He warns.
Sherlock wasted no time, he pulled at John’s trousers, making quick work of undoing the buttons and pulling them down so they were around John’s ankles.
He reassures him through endless kisses and filthy whispers, telling him that he
“Yeah...“ John sniffs, “Something like that.” He tries for a shy grin and wipes his cheek.
ticking.
Sherlock Holmes shifts uncomfortably on the bench he is sat on and twiddles his thumbs.
“It’s ok.” He says, “I understand, and I err... obviously have a lot to apologise for.”
And there it is. All John's ever wanted to know. He dips down suddenly and closes the gap between them, pressing his soft rosy lips gently against Sherlock's own, giving himself no time to hesitate.
"Only if you want to!" Sherlock spluttered. "I just saw a couple back there and, I thought maybe you expected it... now that we're sort of...oh god actually never mind." He finished, the slightest pink starting to form on his cheeks.
Mycroft pulls out his phone and texts the authorities their coordinates before shuffling a little closer. He tries to catch John’s eye.
A tear slips out of the corner of Sherlock’s eye. John drops his fists.
“Only once.”
Unless…
"No." They chimed together.
“In order to keep the hospital happy, and for my brother’s own good, I have agreed to two home visits a day from a doctor who specialises in treatment for addiction. I know you are a perfectly qualified GP John so please do not take this as an insult to your skills but I thought this might be simpler. That way you can sleep, go home and do not bear the responsibility of any complications. Of course, I do not doubt that every second you are here you will be doing your best to look after him, and for that I am very grateful.”
It’s a mix of aftershave and hair product. A sort of musk that reminds Sherlock distinctively of knitted jumpers and cooked dinners; of all the times John’s been close. Leant over his shoulder or embraced him in a rare hug. It smells of home.
“Sometimes we work so well,” John is saying, “We do. But other times... I feel like I hardly know her at all.”
They all sit in silence for a moment.
“So he was recovered in Croydon at roughly 3 am, picked up by an ambulance and taken to the nearest hospital, but at 5.30 this morning, when he had only been there for a few hours, he… got up and discharged himself?”
John’s voice fades as Mycroft passes through the doorway and rounds the corner. At the earliest opportunity he drops his head against the wall and lets out a long and shallow breath. Forces himself to gag several times but nothing comes. It's fear. Fear is pulsing through his bloodstream, sparking like electricity in his brain. It’s corrupting the signals, making the dots impossible to connect. He can hardly breathe, can’t
John’s heart sinks to the very bottom of his chest. It suddenly feels like he might be sick.
Sherlock stared down at their hands with
He nods gingerly.
So it’s decided then. Rosie stays with Molly.
She swoops down and grabs her jacket. She can’t believe she’s coming away from this calm, the one with the most self-control out of all of them. She's sure it'll hit her properly later, like a tonne of bricks, but she can't worry about that now. She peers across at Sherlock, who is still not looking at them, still refusing to look anywhere other than the ground.
The nurse stops in her tracks, her hands frozen in the air.
“To us.” Sherlock smiled.
I've missed you all a lot. I hope you're well. Please let me know what you like if you liked/disliked this chapter :)
And it’s one person who controls them all.
fault now?”
“Of course.” Mycroft revises. “I do apologise for the state of my brother. Thank you, Mark. I’ll show you out.” The older Holmes gives one of his polite smiles and closes the flat door behind them.
The smallest whimper escapes from the army doctor's lips. He brings his fist to his mouth and bites down hard, tries to shield his eyes with his elbow. He’s
The sensitivity of such a small touch gave John goosebumps and he shivered slightly, trying to steady his breathing.
The man himself was buzzing, radiating with nervous activity as he dragged them back onto the French streets and in the direction of the case. They were headed to the south side of the river, but, as they marched straight past the famous monuments and through the charming squares, John had pulled at Sherlock's shoulder and insisted that they stop for at a café for a drink.
Sherlock’s voice, soft and patient, resonates vaguely in John’s brain. But the words feel very far away, because right now he can do nothing other than simply watch, gasping slightly, as his mind is completely absorbed by the transformation. It’s amazing. Couples glide past him, pointing their toes and flicking their heads. It’s a struggle just to take it all in, and he's still trying, astonished, when the sight of a slightly worried Sherlock consumes his vision.
“No…”
"Was there anything you'd like to ask me?" He asked quickly, surprised at himself.
“Oh...god.”
“Oh, really it was nothing.” John replied, willing the blush that was already beginning to creep onto his cheeks away.
Sherlock wakes up in hospital.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I can almost see the colour returning to your cheeks,” he jokes.
to try and distract himself.
Ten.... eleven...
Time slows down, switches to slow motion. John shuffles on his feet and clenches his jaw, as if he was having to physically squeeze the words from his throat. A single tear drips from his cheek. “I love
“It’s just-" John takes a breath. "We’ll be fine now, won’t we?" He tries not to let the insecurity creep into his voice. “Us?”
voice is it? That’s not…
"Um, er." John stuttered slightly, his brain whirling as he struggled to even remember what Sherlock had asked. "Sorry,” He said at last. “That's not really my area I'm afraid.”
To save his life.
Sherlock shuts his eyes for a long moment, making the white slabs of the hospital ceiling disappear before him. He wants nothing more than to shrink away into the sheets. To be left alone to drown in a pool of his own despair. For a moment it crosses his mind to run, to pull these stupid wires out and hide, somewhere far away from everyone. But the idea gets dismissed as soon as it comes. It’s clear he simply doesn’t have the energy to move, neither the mental or physical strength. It seems he can barely lift a finger.
John’s eyes drift to Mycroft, who is sitting on a small blue chair on the other side of the bed, directly next to Sherlock’s side. In the cold bright light, he looks like an entirely different man. Someone John’s never seen before, and doubts he will ever see again. The elder Holmes looks pale, decrepit. Hunched over Sherlock's side with his hand placed lightly over his brother's fingers. His tired eyes never stray from Sherlock's face, not even for a second. John scans him up and down. His suit looks ragged and dirty. His shirt is rumpled, his top button is undone, and he tugs repeatedly with his fingers to loosen it.
- who died and came back from the dead, twice. Truth be told, he's been the real centrepiece of his life these past 6 years. Someone he’d do
John didn't have the strength to argue back, instead he let his head fall back against the floor once more and moaned as he felt Sherlock finish tugging down his trousers. Sherlock slipped his hands down John's pants and wrapped his hand around his cock, Also moving himself back up, so he was lying on top of John and could go back to kissing his neck as he began to stroke.
The corner of Sherlock’s mouth twitches. “There’s only one place we would go.” He looks down to John and smiles at him weakly, his hand coming up to squeeze the smooth curve of his shoulder. “We’re going home. Back to Baker Street.”
nothing.
Finally, she allows herself to check her phone.
The light from the golden chandeliers glitters and sparkles. Waiters whisk out food on elegant silver platters, hundreds of different canapes tucked in between jars of olives and delicate pastries lined in rows. The orchestra sets itself up on stage, preparing their bows and music stands. They unclip their shiny instruments from their cases; listen carefully while plucking the strings to make sure they’re in tune.
The sin went on until John was panting loudly as Sherlock fucked him with his mouth, the oh so elegant bastard would swirl his tongue teasingly around the tip before suddenly increasing the pressure and swallowing nearly his entirely length once more. John let himself get lost in the feeling, letting the warmth flood over him as the easy heat flowed through his veins. It was absorbing him whole and now his mind was blurring and he was beginning to feel lightheaded.
I can live or I can die
Mycroft sits back into the cool leather seats of the car and waits as his phone downloads the CCTV footage. It seems to take forever. The percent ticking upwards slower than he can physically bear. It’s torture.
“Yes,” John laughs half-heartedly. “You did but not in a bad way.” He rubs his eyes and tries to compose himself for a moment. “I just can't believe this is all over. Everything we’ve been through. All the arguments, the grief, Mary and now...I just can’t believe we’re finally out the other side. We can start again.”
Sherlock gulps as John trails off. A part of him wants to reach out and take his hand, to trace delicate circles across his skin. But he’s too far away, and he hardly has the strength.
John turns. He is about to step forward and pass over the clothes but-
“Why?” Mycroft finally murmurs.
John nodded, trying to keep his face stern but it was being rapidly overtaken with a bright smile.
"No," John replied in slow, dark, tone. "It was your turn to look after him, remember?"
he still wants to, but somehow, now that they are actually here, with John on top of him and the lube only an arms reach away…the prospect seems quite daunting.
Her heart jumps suddenly. While thinking she's flipped the next album over in her hands and unwittingly read the title. Her heart thuds. '
“No, I’m being serious!” Molly exclaims, a real outburst this time. “Not for me, Sherlock, I know you overlook me, but for the people that love you. Like John, and Mycroft, and Rosie. Please take this seriously. I know it’s hard for you but please never do anything like this ever again. Please. It’s too scary, Sherlock. We can’t lose you. Not again.”
"Oh, John!" His eyes widen as he pulls back sharply, breaking the moment. "This song. It's good, really good." He swipes John's drink from his hand and places it behind them before pulling them both forward. "We have to dance now."
Sherlock narrows his eyes ever so slightly. Confusion flickers across his face.
John is reaching over Sherlock's trembling body, grabbing his wrists and trying to pin them down, telling him that he needs to listen, to pull through. But it's simply not
There are over eighty Hospitals in London, but the process of elimination takes that straight down to about twenty.
Today John felt content and fairly relaxed. It was his evening class, which meant he was teaching older adults not the reckless 21 year old's he was so used to. His audience were still bored none the less, but at least they were quiet, and more...polite.
the word sorry. He scrunches his fists at his sides, tightens his jaw, pulls back and…
possible exit to Moriarty’s web of lies, his...weapons of destruction. There was no other way, honestly-”
The suit he’s wearing hasn’t seen daylight for several years, but it’s kept well. The fabric is dark grey, tailored to his features. A sharp blazer jacket fits comfortably over a crisp white shirt. His sleek coal-black trousers cling to him in all the right places. His hair is slicked back from his forehead. His jaw is sharp, clean-shaven.
“Wow.” His mouth slips open.
Sherlock swallows and narrows his eyebrows. He doesn't make promises, and in any other situation he would roll his eyes, but-
“To us.” He repeated.
to stop his words from coming out in a stutter. “You…” He cleared his throat, “You know what they say about Paris…”
"But I remember..." He started.
, he thinks. Probably slumped in bed or passed out on the sofa after spending hours composing on the violin. Or perhaps he’s out on a case, tracking down a criminal with Lestrade.
John hastily decided he wasn’t a fan of that. He stood up quickly, shaking slightly. He couldn’t deny that Sherlock looked...
“Please.” Sherlock repeats into the stillness. “I need you.”
John blinks. He looks like a man who has just been to hell and back. In fact, he expects they
to go away. My entire effort to dismantle Moriarty’s network was for you.”
He practically leaps from the car and makes off down the path towards the doorway. Red hot adrenaline pumping through his veins, fueling his system. He feels absolutely nothing other than the desire to run, the need to seek Sherlock out and help him immediately.
The video is black and white, grainy, and moves by the frame. An imagine of dimly lit alleyway flickers slowly. He’s got to give Anthea credit for identifying Sherlock with this quality of footage.
‘I’m sorry’ transmits a lot of guilt. An immeasurable amount if John can’t wait until she gets there to say it.
“Oh god!” John cried, raising his arms in frustration. “Again Sherlock, I can’t believe you-”
how he feels. Everything he’s kept locked and hidden from the world for the last four years. All the waiting and the hoping, the looks and sly hints, the
The sheets are not his own. The light is unusual. It’s too orange, too bright for his room. The surroundings are different. A sinking feeling seeps through his chest.
“I've got Rosie downstairs, she's asleep bless her. Mary dropped her off and said it was urgent? I-”
“Sherlock.”
“What? How?”
Claire reviews her notes again.
In the end, it takes a lot of coaxing, a lot of waiting and encouragements and questions to check that everything’s okay. It takes cooperation, slow kisses and soft moans, and then, eventually, it starts to feel good.
“What’s this?” Sherlock asked in a bewildered tone, looking up to John from where he was propped in his chair with curious eyes.
John let his head fall back against the floor, he couldn’t believe how perfect Sherlock could be sometimes. How he just knew what he wanted, it was bliss.
Mycroft’s eyes accidently drift to the dark scars and bruises that decorate Sherlock's pale wrist. “Yes, yes you have.” He stands up briskly and straightens out the creases on his trousers before smiling softly. “Anyway, I must go. I think it would be better if we discuss everything properly later, when you feel better. Besides I told John I would be quick…”
And it's that word, and that word alone, that finally drives John to breaking point. It presses the final button, snaps the last chord, and sends him plummeting over the edge. It’s like being dropped into boiling hot water.
Somebody coughs. It’s his turn to pay. The woman behind the counter smiles softly when she sees the flowers. “Lucky girl, is it?”
"I..."
“Mary....” Sherlock whispers, his eyes darting, calculating. Still replaying everything over in his head, the fall from Barts, his return. John’s
"Oi! No it didn’t! And anyway, you can't have done - that flight was only two hours."
“Ahh,” John stalls, “Yes he is, but he’s trying to get some rest-”
“Yes.” Mycroft’s voice almost wobbles. He struggles to look her in the eye.
“With Sherlock.”
"Ok, ok, fine," John retreated, "No deductions. Let's talk about the case."
"Wait.” John searched for something,
He fumbles with his phone and types a message as quickly as he can manage, his fingers blurring as they rush across the screen.
"You're wrong." Sherlock interrupted plainly, a glint of something John despised in the center of his eyes.
"Am I...missing something?" He asked.
He doesn't dream, hardly shifts or makes a sound. It's like his body has switched off; his mind gone blank. For the first time in what must be months, no dreams penetrate his thoughts.
Mycroft spots some faded purple plastic lying at Sherlock’s side. It's the syringe. He picks it up and shines his torch, the glare from the light making him squint. Within a moment he's memorised the faded measurements written along the side. “Is this what he used?”
Rosie swallows. Her mother was stunning. A beautiful woman with floaty golden hair that is much like her own, and then suddenly, as she turns the page, she’s gone.
“Oh god,” John places his head in his hands. “Will we stop her?”
“He’s woken up.”
“Ok careful, careful,” John reaches Sherlock’s side and grabs hold of his shoulders. He steadies him before sliding a gentle arm around his waist and taking as much weight as he can. Sherlock rolls his eyes but doesn’t resist.
“Look, Sherlock...what happened earlier, if it’s...you know, happening regularly then you need to-”
The murmur of low voices greets her ears as she climbs the final stair and tiptoes onto the landing. She takes another silent step forward. Pauses. The talking becomes clearer.
Sherlock stared at him for a moment, eyes blank, before confusion and disappointment crossed his face. He lowered his head slightly, eyes darting towards the floor.
“Because, err…” John narrows his eyes and sits down on the edge of the bed. “While I was downstairs I was thinking for a moment and, I wanted to say I’m really sorry for last night.” He clears his throat. “
Holding his breath he tilted his cheek, angling his head more directly to the door. He had no intention of eavesdropping, but there was just something in the tone of the boys voices that made him stop and listen.
"No no, I'm...
“John?”
Sherlock’s never seen him this way before.
Sherlock sat forward in his chair, his eyes widening dramatically. “What?! We agreed we weren’t getting each other anything!” He exclaimed.
The door bangs. He disappears along the corridor.
but if it wasn’t tea you were asking for, your question could hardly be of much importance and John and I were actually in the middle of something
“So John…actually, what he said...what he
Mycroft’s breath is coming out in small, short gasps. He’s done crying. Done gagging. He just sits, with his fingers clawing into the flesh at his thighs, and watches.
“It’s fine.” Molly looks away. Embarrassed. “It’s just we - we care about you.”
Sherlock calculated they had 2.4 seconds until Mrs Hudson greeted them with her untimely presence but because John had spent too much time fiddling with his belt it would now take him 3.8 seconds to pull up his trousers and successfully do up all the buttons. Confident with his own appearance he strode up to the door and pulled it partly open just as Mrs Hudson was about to touch the handle.
She’s already contacted KH, Dalvegur, and some other names from her past. People who might still be undercover on the streets. Agents. Waiting. Hiding. Working. More than one of them owes her a favour.
