The more Dean thought about it, the more names he could list. Bobby. Jody and Donna and the girls. Eileen. Garth. Ellen and Jo and Ash and Pamela and Missouri. Benny. Rowena. Hell, even Crowley.
Cas’ gaze drifted back to the television and he fell silent and still once again. Dean lost track of the episodes, the time that flew by, until he saw Cas’ head start to bob as he nodded off.
“The Empty…only the angels and demons go there. Billie was going to send us there, but we wouldn’t have gone there on our own because we’re human, right Jack?”
Dean felt his stomach twist and said a gruff “Morning” as he entered the small room. Cas looked away guiltily and Jack frowned into the cereal box.
“This is for your own good,” Ishim promised, cradling Cas’ terrified face with both hands. Benjamin and Mirabel held Cas in place as they chanted what Dean recognized as Enochian until light burst forth from the vessel. Dean watched as Castiel broke one arm free and drew an angel blade. He raised it against Ishim, but as it came down, the Enochian took effect, and he was removed from his vessel in a burst of white light. Ishim wrenched the blade down and into the woman’s torso. She screamed for a moment, no longer possessed as her blood stained the green dress.
For the first time, Dean came across something—a flickering orange flame. The brightness was distracting, but only for a moment. Dean could hear distorted screams—no, wails—and felt fear touch his core. He didn’t know where he was, but sand hit his skin and a smell like burning metal consumed his senses. He was facing a door, splashed in blood, and then he turned. Behind him towered…a being. Tall, with six wings and hundreds of eyes everywhere, circled by rings of fire and metal. It reached out with a humanoid hand and for a moment Dean thought it reached for him, felt static crackling through the air and making his hair stand on end, until its hands reached up to what Dean could only assume was its head, its many eyes closing all at once as though it was in distress. Another being of the same type appeared out of nowhere and dragged it away. Just as quickly, they both vanished and Dean was thrust back into the pitch, breathing hard.
“You’ve done more than that, Dean,” the younger man replied, and Dean felt himself stiffen in preparation for a new wave of guilt.
a family. We all want you here, but…” Dean saw Jack’s face fall. “Jack, you’re not a nephilim, you—”
Dean knew he should be happy for him. Jack was his kid, too, despite their rocky history, but in order to be happy, truly happy…
“Well, yeah. He died saving me. And you said it yourself, he thought he would have longer. It was my idea to come back here. Billie came after me. And Cas… I couldn’t stop it, Jack. The Empty just came out of nowhere and…”
Dean pulled out his pocketknife, the same one Castiel had used, back in the dungeon. Slowly, carefully, he dug it into the wood and painstakingly added two names: Jack and Castiel. They always should have been there. They should have known that they belonged. It was Dean’s fault for not including them enough, not helping them to feel seen. Maybe if he had, they wouldn’t have left. With a heavy heart, Dean remembered standing in this same library, shouting that Jack wasn’t family. He remembered nearly killing him and blaming him for things beyond his control. Just as bad was the memory of Castiel at this same table, sitting and eating a burrito and being content, happy even, just before Dean had kicked him out. That wasn’t even the worst, was it? No, he had done so much worse to Castiel, even just in the library.
Dean could feel it behind him, unmoving, and slowly turned around to see the outline of a tall, vaguely human shape though distinctly inhuman in every other regard. It took his form, a perfect replica of Dean Winchester, and shook Castiel’s shoulders. He didn’t stir this time. It called Cas’ name heartbrokenly and circled him a few times to no result before smugly settling down and sleeping near enough that Dean could still make out the outline. So
They made it through the rest of the movie and the popcorn with many more tears but ultimately Jack seemed pleased with his movie choice. The screen rolled through the credits and eventually stopped on
[Make the point that Castiel is/has the potential to be happy as he is in spite of his past experiences. Perhaps bring up time, and how now they finally have it after how time-sensitive everything has had to be]
“Cas!” Dean shook him and his eyes opened slowly. Dean was so relieved that he kneeled and hugged him, not realizing until Cas was in his arms that the angel wasn’t reciprocating. Dean let him go and Castiel allowed himself to fall limply back to the floor. He could see now that Cas’ eyes were dull and vacant.
Jack beamed at him, and Dean felt dizzy. He looked back to Castiel, still sleeping, and found a new appreciation. Was all of that true?
would be like, and I thought maybe we could go back to how we had been before I said... but I know things have changed. Maybe it would be better if I moved on.”
[At least address the dog-related trauma. It is there; it is weird for him to have a dog. But Miracle is a gem and we're keeping her!]
To calm himself, Dean mindlessly ran a hand through Cas’ hair. Slowly, a smile crept onto his face. He had an idea. He planted a kiss on Castiel’s forehead and ran out to the library to explain.
Dean wrapped Castiel in a hug one final time within the safety of his mind. Then he sent a silent prayer to Jack and felt Castiel disappear within his arms before he himself followed suit. He came back to himself slowly, his whole body consumed by pins and needles that eventually retreated. He could feel Sam’s hand on his shoulder.
“No.” Dean’s mind was reeling. Choosing to be happy shouldn’t be a death sentence. “There has to be something we can do. There’s
It was easier than Dean thought it would be. He was nervous, of course, but this was Cas in his bed, his best friend. He could see the peaks of messy hair on the pillow by his, he could feel the heat radiating off of him and smell the warm musk of his shampoo. Cas was human, feeling human emotions and living a human life. He wanted to be here, like this, and so did Dean. Maybe this could work.
Carefully, Dean stood again and reached out as though he would wind up back where he had been, but nothing happened.
Heart pounding, Dean did the only thing he could think of: he picked Castiel up and carefully made his way beyond the strewn figures back into the emptiness. The figure didn’t follow, or didn’t seem to, but now Dean could feel the time crunch. He didn’t want to know what would happen if he didn’t get Castiel out before the Shadow woke up.
“Sorry, kid,” other Dean told Jack, clearly back from a walk. “Might have just made your next code harder.”
Dean ran to stop her even as the drill sank deep into the corner of Castiel’s eye and he screamed. Dean grabbed her arm and felt the vibrations throughout himself, but he couldn’t do anything to stop her. He was a projection inside a memory, dammit, he was useless.
“I think I’m going to have to shave today,” Castiel said, mostly to his coffee. “It’s rather itchy.”
“We will get him back. As soon as we can, we’ll save him,” Sam promised after a few minutes, when they had broken apart, but both leaned against the Impala, far too overwhelmed to start the drive home. Was it a home, without Castiel and Jack?
Castiel started to cry and Dean wanted nothing more than to close the distance between them and wipe the tears away with the pad of his thumb. So, he did. Soon enough, Castiel was enveloped in his arms, holding him as though he would drown otherwise. Dean held him tighter.
But he couldn’t do that. It wasn't his turn just yet, and the door was closed. He couldn’t intrude, and who knew what Castiel was thinking, feeling…
Note on Cas' pronouns for the female vessel: I rationalized it as 12x10 "Benjamin is an angel, his vessel is a woman" and kept male pronouns for Cas since he's been shown to use them. Sorry if they read as a little jarring :(
When Dean and Miracle got back to the Bunker, Jack was there, sitting still as a statue in a chair in the library.
Castiel gave him his trademark squinty eyes, illuminated by the light of his own grace and the soft yellow tones of a lamp by the bed.
“You won’t have a lot of time,” Jack warned from where he sat on the table, legs swinging gently. “The Shadow…it should be asleep now that it has Cas, but it would keep him close. If it catches you, there’s nothing I can do." He worried his lip. “You’ll…You’ll be lost forever.”
Dean rubbed at the back of his neck and was about to step out to let Cas get changed when he felt the chain of the grace necklace. It was Castiel’s, and he wanted to return it.
“It means you can’t drop everything to come back,” Dean said firmly. “If you’re not in charge, then who is?”
Dean could see fear on Jack’s face and tried to soften the rigidity of his body and his voice. Jack was just a kid; Dean could be calm for him. “It’s okay, Jack, we’ll figure it out,” he promised, though his worry increased. What did it mean if the new
“I had a job. I experienced a multitude of new things. I learned more about humanity and emotion. And myself. What I wanted.” He nuzzled his face back against Dean’s shoulder. “All things considered, I don’t think it turned out too poorly. We’re here, together.”
Dean stared at it for a long second, let the chain drip from his fingers. Enochian was engraved on the top and bottom, but otherwise it looked like a normal vial. This would have to work.
Dean looked down at the paper. Jack’s scrawl was messy, but he could clearly make sense of what had once been nonsense.
He was here. He was here and alive in his own head, holed up with a book. Dean ran across the library up to him, ready to hug him tightly and bring him home, but Castiel didn’t even look up. Dean stopped in his tracks.
Disjointedly, Castiel nodded and rose, eager to leave behind his tangled bedsheets and the darkness of the room. Dean couldn’t blame him.
This was it, Dean knew. The last memory. They were so close to making it out, so close to Castiel being alive and awake and free. Without hesitation, he and Castiel walked into it, the angelic forces long since gone. Fire still burned but dimly, and Dean got to talking before the guilt could weigh Cas down.
“Is there… Can we take it so that he can get it back? You know, like it was before?” Wait, Jack hadn’t been around for that. “Uh, last time he lost his grace, it was kept in a…a vial, and he was able to take it back. Could we do that again? In case we find another way and he can have his grace back.”
Dean hummed a response. He knew what this was like, how it had to be for Cas. “Do you want to talk about it? The, uh…”
“How’d you sleep?” he asked Castiel, who, no longer in conversation with Eileen, was nursing his coffee. He turned slowly, obviously still in need of another cup.
“No, we won’t,” Jack said confidently, just in time to get sprayed by water and mud as Miracle shook herself dry.
He left them all in the library. Dean wandered down the hall to the kitchen and grabbed a beer from the fridge. After a few minutes, he decided to make himself a sandwich, too, but stopped. His eyes lingered on the cereal lined up neatly on the shelf. An unopened box of Krunch Cookie Crunch sat there, safely nestled among the rest. It was Jack’s favorite; Dean knew because he had bought it for him the first time.
Dean laid next to Castiel on the bed, slipped his hand into Cas’, and gave it a squeeze. He nodded to Jack, who pressed two fingers to each of their foreheads, eyes glowing golden. It was the last thing he saw before everything went black.
“It’s warm, familiar…. Safe…. I get why you’re here, man. It’s a whole lot nicer than anything the Empty. Hell, it’s better than the memories I’ve seen. But you’ve gotta know it’s not real.”
“Sammy?” Dean called out, only to realize that Sam couldn’t hear him either. The pair ducked out the garage door and Dean sighed in frustration. So, he couldn’t be seen or heard by anyone so far. That was just peachy.
“Hello,” he said brightly, holding up a hand in greeting. It was mere seconds until he was enveloped in a hug.
After Jack ate and Dean cleaned the dish, they met up again in the library. Jack had in his hand a slip of paper. Dean could see Castiel’s neat penmanship across it, and Jack handed it over for him to read, or rather, to try to read.
At first, he thought he might be able to nap, find something to drown out the guilt festering in his soul, but the more he lied there in the silence, the louder his thoughts grew.
At first, Dean thought his eyes were closed, but a few moments later realized that no matter how much he strained, he couldn’t make anything out. It was like the Empty was somehow inside Cas’ mind, though Dean wasn’t sure how that worked. He was going to drag Castiel out of this darkness if it was the last thing he did. After sending a quick prayer, he started wandering deeper into the pitch.
In the dark, everything was stripped away. Suddenly, Dean was hyperaware of how he was sharing a bed for the first time in years. More than that, as minutes ticked by, he grew more aware of how tense Castiel was. At first, he thought it was just nerves, the same trepidation that bubbled under his own skin, but he came to realize there was more to it. Dean could feel every shift of Cas’ body as though it was his own.
“Alright, we had Crowley for me, that British woman for Mom, and Cas for you. We’re already batting zero here.”
“As tall as the Chrysler Building? Yeah, I remember,” Dean said, and Cas smiled at him gently. “What happened here? I get the plagues and all, but what happened to you?”
He smiled warmly for a second and Dean felt it spread to his own face. A peaceful beat passed before Cas’ face fell. “But no…I didn’t plan on telling you. You made your feelings clear: I was like a brother to you, and I feared I would never be anything more. I didn’t want to… I didn’t want to screw up what we had, as you would put it. Friendship was enough.”
“He’s always done it before. Come hell or high water, no matter what he has to do, Cas always manages. I trust him to fight. To come back.”
Dean could feel the warm thrum of happiness in his chest when he saw his brother with Eileen, Jack playing with Miracle, Castiel watching him with a soft smile. This was how it was meant to be. This was their happy ending.
Dean turned away and bit his lip, hard. Tasting blood, he took his utility jacket off and folded it neatly before putting it in a drawer out of sight. He was too sober for this.
“Your hair got long,” Castiel commented over coffee and Dean ran a hand through it, surprised by how much there was.
Castiel looked to Sam for a moment. “My grace is failing. I’m afraid I’m not quite as useful as I once was.”
Sam came in after a while and found them together like that. Dean had slumped forward onto the bed, but his hand was still entwined with Cas’ as he slept. The younger Winchester’s expression was soft as he woke his brother.
Deep in his heart, he could feel himself asking the same question: Did Castiel ever know what he meant to Dean?
Had that…creature been Castiel too? Now that he thought about it, the sand, the blood, the screaming, and angels…that had been Egypt, hadn’t it? The plagues, death of the firstborn. Castiel had been there.
“The others will stay behind to return the bodies to Heaven,” the man promised, and the women nodded. Dean’s brow furrowed. Heaven? So, they were angels, but how did he know that voice?
Castiel was already in the room when Dean got there, wearing a pair of long plaid pajama pants that Dean knew with certainty were his. He was sitting in his chair by the wall reading one of the dusty tomes from the library, or at least that was what Dean thought at first.
He started to pass figures. All were slumped on the floor in various states of disarray. Some writhed in the throes of nightmares while others remained as still as marble sculptures decorating a sepulcher. All were unconscious.
Dean’s mind ran rampant. Of everything he had worried about, in all of his nightmares, this had never come up. “I’m real.
His smile grew wider and infected the other two even as Sam groaned. “I think we can figure something out.”
No, Dean had been in his memories. Castiel knew just how alone he was when he was human the first time.  Maybe this was his way of moving forward, his way of hiding from Jack how rocky the past really was. Regardless, Dean didn’t sleep that night.
Dean kept his hands busy by making burgers for dinner. It was a relief to pull out four plates, to know that everyone was safe and home. He sent a text to Cas and Jack, and to Sam.
If anyone can make it work, it’s you. I know you’ll do what’s right, and Sam and me are here if you need us.”
Castiel looked so small huddled against the wall. He was drenched by the rain and shivering, obviously human.
Jack nodded earnestly. “Because Heaven was failing, the Veil was full and then Rowena said Chuck brought back a lot of ghosts and cracked Hell right open.”
“I don’t know,” Jack said truthfully. “I’m new at this, Dean, but we’re running out of time to find other ways to save him. I don’t even think he could pass through my rift as an angel—Amara said that rifts have rules. Especially in places like that.”
“Come on, Cas,” he murmured, taking hold of him as he started to tense up and tremble slightly and guiding him through. “We’re almost out.”
[Address the miscommunication, let them realize that they're both dumb but they're dumb and in love]
Eileen still lived out of town, but since the fight with Chuck, she and Sam started getting serious again. It was nice, seeing both her and Sam so happy together, even if it made Dean’s heart ache more. She’d spent the night only once or twice, and they hadn’t gotten to talk much between the infrequent visits and Dean’s determination to save Castiel, but he was glad to see her back in their lives.
He gave Dean a smile, happy and sad at the same time but overwhelmingly warm. Almost beatific. He looked so much like Castiel in that moment that it took everything to keep from sobbing, to bury the raw emotion until it was safe to feel again.
He fought to keep the bottle of bourbon, but Sam managed to take it, along with the rest. Without something in his hands, they were restless. Dean ran them over his face and through his hair before they ended up clutching at Sam’s shirt as the weight of his grief pulled him down.
He could get the dishes later. Better yet, he could buy new ones. Miracle would love that, wouldn’t she? She deserved nice new dishes to eat from. And while he was out, he could get her food and toys as well.
Castiel looked to him, a soft smile on his face, pulling at the crow’s feet by his eyes, no longer bright with grace but warm and loving all the same. “I'm happy here.”
“I still haven’t figured out one. He apologized for making it harder and wanted to help, but I said I would get it.” Jack hesitated for a moment before adding, “He gave me another the day he…”
Leave it to Cas to understand. Without a word, he gracefully took a pause, let Dean think about that.
With that, Jack left to talk to Sam and Dean, after processing everything Jack had said, went to the kitchen to start dinner.
“No, it’s your alphabet. The letters are simply in a different order. Maybe I’ll use another language next time.”
At first, Dean thought he was alone. Standing up at the top of the stairwell, looking down into the library below, he saw nothing. The halls were empty and cold, so he stepped forwards into the library. Each shelf of books was just like they were in real life, and each little nook between them was empty except—
“I think a little bit of change is nice. I was an angel for millennium, now it’s time to try something else. And
Sam stole one of the recliners while Miracle, Jack, and Dean all took the couch that Dean had picked up a few weeks ago when Ms. Butters had been around. The movie went by quickly, and Dean definitely
Castiel reached across the table and ran his fingers through Dean’s hair. Dean swore he could still feel the crackles of grace in his touch.
[Previous versions: Some ancient shit like don’t step on that fish; FADED SPLOTCHY ETC Refusing to shed blood in Egypt, doors splashed in lamb’s blood, having his memory wiped of that; 1901 female vessel.]
“In the real world, we brought you back. I went to the Empty for you. But you…you just won’t wake up. Maybe it’s all too much, reality…but we’re trying. Sam, and Jack, and I. We’ve been working on it for months, ever since you…ever since you died.”
“I like TV,” Castiel said quietly after a few minutes. Dean nodded and looked over to him, watching the bright colors reflect from his blank face.
“They might have been silhouettes for you, but each was someone to me. Whenever you look at them, they come back to life, they become someone you knew. Like the Shadow itself, the souls that have been there long enough become the same way. Whether you’re awake or asleep, they torment you. You can never be at peace. You can never escape them. Every time you think you’re awake, that you got out, it turns out you were wrong. You were never free; the nightmare just wasn’t as bad for a little while.”
“Ah, Castiel,” Ishim tsked, wiping the angel blade on the dress of the dead woman. “You shouldn’t have been so careless with your vessel.”
With a clear direction of where to go, it took them less than a day to get everything together and decided. Jack would use his powers to let Dean into Cas’ mind, but he would be on his own after that. Sam stood by with approximately three spells ready to go if something went wrong and it was decided that Dean would pray to Jack as soon as he was in so that they knew they could still communicate and when he had Castiel. If Jack couldn’t hear the prayer, he and Sam would pull Dean out after 8 hours.
“Finally free,” Dean summed up. He thought about the last few months, his own obsession with freedom. Sam’s statement was right—it was just them. They hadn’t reached out to anyone else yet, too overwhelmed with the implications of Chuck being defeated. That didn’t change the fact that Castiel wasn’t there to share it with them. Or Jack for that matter. He had been shoehorned into the position of God, had never gotten to be a kid. Dean’s heart ached in sympathy. If anything, Jack was more trapped than ever.
Dean nodded and started cooking. Castiel started a conversation about Star Wars characters that Jack happily added to, but Dean couldn’t focus on it. What had he walked in on? A place of Cas’ own? Did he want to move out? After everything they had gone through…was Castiel leaving him again?
“Alright, well, you’re not a nephil, you’re capital G God now.” Jack started to respond again, but Dean beat him to it.
He wandered out into the library, looking for Miracle and pointedly ignoring everything else when he stopped.
Castiel frowned deeply. “I don’t… I don’t remember very well, but we were ordered to kill innocents and I refused. At least then. You know what happened to May Sunder.” He kicked at a drift of sand and watched it collapse and disappear. “They took me away when they realized I wouldn’t do it and hurt me after that. I think it was the first time I saw Naomi, but I… I can’t be sure.”
doesn’t get in the way of our working relationship.” Castiel turned to face him, obviously speaking carefully. “You’re… like family to me.”
“Uh, I don’t know if you’ve heard, but Jack’s kinda the new God.” Dean let out a breathless chuckle. “Who would have thought? Us parenting God. But, uh, turns out you were right. About him, and his destiny.”
“Yeah, that’s right.” Dean allowed his hand to drift up to Castiel’s face, cupping his cheek and curling around to his neck. “That’s right, buddy.”
Castiel hummed in response. In only a few minutes, Dean came back over to the table with a plate of eggs and toast for each of them.
“Well, hold onto that while you can,” she said. “It’s over before you know, and then you’re old and your man sits in front of the television and never takes you anywhere!” She chuckled a little and thought for a moment. “But when it comes to that, when you’re too old to go sparkin’ in the car, just enjoy sitting on the couch with him too, because before too long that’s over, too.”
Sam blushed. “Seriously though. I’m really glad you’re alive, Gabe. I… I still think about watching you die and it… it’s one of the things I wake up screaming about.”
“So I had a look at the schedule, and after this band that’s on now is the drag show. We should go watch that.”
Castiel appeared in the doorway. “I guess I shouldn’t have mentioned. I am sorry.” He filled a little paper cup at the sink and handed it to her, took a washcloth from the shelf and wetted it with warm water and handed her that too, as if he was quite used to caring for vomiting humans on bathroom floors.
“Well you’re just gonna have to let me take care of you then,” Dean said. “Let’s get you home - well to a motel for now, get you patched up and then get home. ‘S a long drive from here.”
“Tell who what?” said Sylvia. They both turned in unison and saw her standing on the pathway, clad in a quilted housecoat and fuzzy socks. “What the hell is going on? Why are you fighting outside my bedroom window in the middle of the damn night?”
“Yeehaaaaw!” Dean shouted as the machinery started moving. He held on tightly, with his hands and with his thighs as it went up and down and side to side, but then one sudden lurch of the machine and he was tumbling to the padded surface below, landing on his back. “I’m okay! I’m okay!” he proclaimed, struggling to his feet. Cas mercifully ended the video.
inside, Dean.” He carefully worked one finger in with copious amounts of lube. With his other hand, he stroked Dean’s thigh, his stomach, then reached up to tweak a nipple. At Dean’s pleased little gasp, he continued to rub and pinch gently at it, then the other.
Cas’s arm tightened around him. “I suppose I never thought of it that way. I very much enjoy your company, Dean. I would also consider you my best friend.”
“We were on the phone,” Cas said. “He was giving me directions to the farm. And he disturbed a wasps nest and was attacked. I- I was so afraid that I wouldn’t find him in time. I didn’t even know if you were near enough to see, or if you’d been attacked as well. And I knew that he couldn’t physically talk anymore, but he was still praying-” Cas’s voice broke, and Dean felt the hand on his arm trembling. Cas had been scared for him? He hadn’t been certain that Cas could hear the desperate praying in his mind, and he hadn’t considered how terrifying it must’ve been for him. He felt both guilty, and yet warmed that Cas cared so much. Carefully he moved his hand, just able to bend it enough to place it over Cas’s hand and sort of pat it. It was the best comfort he could offer. He felt Cas exhale a deep sigh.
“Hello!” she said cheerily, whipping off her oven mitt and offering a hand to Dean. “It’s so good to meet you!”
Dean dozed fitfully while they were gone. His stings all seemed to be either burning or itching, some of them both. He scratched at the itchiest ones, but then they hurt worse. It was miserable, and he wished Sam and Cas would get back so he could gripe to them about it. He put the TV on and flipped it to the classics channel and watched the antics of the Fonz for a while until he drifted off.
,” Dean said rawly. He wrapped his arms around Cas and buried his face in his neck and sobbed brokenly. “Please don’t ever leave me again,” he begged, his voice barely audible through the tears.
“The bull, sweetheart. I rode the bull. It was that time those witches hit me with that memory spell and Rowena had to save my bacon, so I don’t actually remember doing it.”
Dean laid on the pavement and slid the drain pan underneath and started the process of draining the radiator and disassembling all those parts that would have to come out before he could get to the alternator. He glanced over at Cas.
“Hey! I’m a friggin’ catch!” Dean protested, his cheeks overstuffed as he chewed too much pizza, crumbs dripping down onto his shirt. “Brat.”
“Huh,” said Claire. “Well good job on that, I guess. Even if you did leave them stuck in a barn with a newborn.”
“Angels?” Her eyes widened. “Wait, is this the guy you were just with at the brew pub? He’s an angel?”
Sam paused, his face suddenly serious and wistful. “If there was ever a guy… it’d be you.” His eyes met Gabriel’s and a look of longing passed between them.
“Fine. I’m riding the bull.” He tugged Cas along to stand in the line with him. Sam waved them off, muttering something about a pool game, and he ducked back out of the room before they even got very far.
“I’m getting close, sweets. Can I make you come again?” His fingers drifted down between them as she nodded, and he rubbed her as he thrust up into her. “Syl… Sylvia, so good,” he whispered, his forehead pressed against hers. She cried out, and he shouted and tensed up and spilled into her as she rocked down onto him. And then he was holding her face and kissing her, deeply and desperately as their heartbeats slowed.
Cas was proudly cooking breakfast when Sylvia came downstairs in the morning. Pancakes, bacon, eggs, the whole works. Dean sat in a chair and nursed a cup of coffee. “Mornin’” he said. “How’s your head?”
“You know, you two just - have a great - a great time together. Whatever. Guess I just didn’t measure up to the great Sam Winchester!” she spit out as she started to walk away. But she turned back around, right in Sam’s face this time. “Oh, and another thing, didn’t you have a girlfriend last I heard? You running around on her, too?”
“I get it,” Dean said. “Now I’m crying because you are.” He kissed Cas’s cheeks. “Get some sleep angel. We’ve got a lot of driving coming up.”
“Well this has been a very, uh, trying situation.” He reached up to wipe his forehead, then looked at his hand in surprise.
“Switch it up, I wanna ride you,” she said suddenly. With practiced motions they moved, and soon she was straddling him, her hands braced against his, and taking him deeper than before. “Oh fuck, this is the stuff,” she groaned.
Sylvia went up to the bar and came back with drinks - Irish coffees for her and Cas, and a regular coffee for Dean. “Best way to end the night,” she said. Dean watched Cas sip at the booze-heavy drink. He wanted to kiss the whipped cream off his upper lip, but once he started he knew he wouldn’t want to stop.
“Dean,” Cas said, the word full of both reprimand and reassurance. Dean knew exactly what Cas was saying. He thought Dean was beautiful, sexy, perfect, and he didn’t care about a few extra pounds or wrinkles or gray hair or any of that. Dean gave him a soft look of gratitude and appreciation, and resumed popping fries into his mouth.
Dean stuck the fork in his mouth. “So it’s okay if I tell people?” he asked around the mouthful of food. “I was gonna ask. Before we got home. Because. You were never out of the proverbial closet, as far as I know. Unless you told Sam and not me.”
Dean did as he was told, and was surprised to taste tea with honey, pleasantly warm and soothing. He sagged back against Cas’s arm. “Thanks, Cas,” he murmured. Cas was sitting on the edge of the bed, and without thinking too much about it, Dean leaned against Cas’s side. “You’re so… so good to me, Cas. You know I- I wish you were around more.”
“Can’t believe the hottest piece of ass in this place is drinking alone,” said a voice behind him. “Must be my lucky night.”
After dinner, Sam and Eileen graciously accepted cleanup duty, and Cas and Dean sat in the little alcove in the red leather chairs, sipping whiskey. “This is much nicer now that I can taste it properly,” Cas said.
And then she blinked, and Gabriel was crouched in front of her. “Hey, sweetcheeks,” he said. “How’s tricks?”
“Or we missed a spot,” Cas suggested. He pointed at an odd-shaped lump in the dirt pile. A dirt-encrusted piece of bone had been dug up with the grave dirt.
Fifteen minutes later he was back on the road once again. Logic told him that he should go to the nearest auto parts store and get the car back on her feet rather than try to push another fifty miles, but he wasn’t in the mood to listen to logic. Not with Cas waiting for him.
“I think it’s fair for me to ask you more about your relationship with Sylvia at this point,” Sam said.
This time, Sam cupped his face with both hands and kissed him more forcefully. His fingers threaded into Gabriel’s hair and for a moment, he wished that they weren’t here in the middle of a crowded park, and he let himself think about what they could do alone together. It was hard to keep the kiss to a reasonable level for public, even at Pride, and Sam broke it off, breathless, a few minutes later.
“Cas, I can’t tell you how glad I am to have you back with us,” Sam said. “I was afraid we were never gonna figure it out.”
He liked to think that he’d been fairly well behaved during his time in Team Free Will. He’d done a few harmless pranks, mostly on Sam for some reason. Maybe because he figured Sam would take it better. Whatever, he wasn’t here to think about why he pranked Sam more often than anyone else. Today, he had an idea that would mess with Dean. It was possibly a little more extreme than his usual silliness, but it was a really, really hilarious idea. He decided to go through with it.
Dean kissed him before lying back down and tucking one of the pillows under his hips. Cas ran his hands down the backs of Dean’s thighs, and steered his legs up and apart. He felt like his heart might stop with the combination of nerves and excitement. He leaned forward. Dean squished the pillows under his head, and settled in, trying to get comfortable. Their eyes met, and Cas knew that Dean was nervous too.
“Yes, hell yes! That sounds like a great deal,” Gabriel said, squeezing Sam’s hand. “Happy Kiss A Ginger Day, Sam.”
They walked together toward the main street. Claire and Cas walked a little ahead, and Dean found himself walking next to Kaia. He sensed that Claire needed some daughter and dad time, such as it was, and maybe it was good for Cas as well. But he found himself awkward next to Kaia. They hadn’t had a lot of time to patch things up since how badly he’d treated her, how badly it had all started, and this wasn’t exactly the time or place.
Dean looked beyond Sam over to the doorway where the voice had come from. Jack. Miracle, too. He was dressed in a pair of Star Wars pajamas that Cas had gotten him for his birthday, though Dean figured their kid didn’t need to sleep anymore.
A few nights later, Dean found himself in the same situation as before: he couldn’t sleep, even with Miracle warm beside him. He left her in bed and roamed the halls instead.
“It started to rain on the way back,” Jack explained, shrugging off Cas’ trenchcoat and his own jacket to reveal a relatively dry t-shirt.
Dean’s gaze caught on the names carved into the table again. Family: People who care about you through the good and the bad. People who have your back, even when it hurts. Who else fit the bill?
finally starting to understand. Then he had become an angel again, and all that progress vanished, at least from Dean’s perspective. There was only so much Castiel could have felt, much less fully understood, in the under six months he was human, and the difference between human and angelic understanding was the problem.
“Purgatory wasn’t… It never was a heaven. It was cruel. People who were turned, who never had a chance, just got stuck there. It wasn’t fair to them.”
“The being in the Empty,” Jack explained. “It’s not going to give him up willingly, you’re going to have to sneak him out.”
Jack’s face darkened for a moment and it startled Dean how much he looked like Chuck. “Yes, but they're the best person for the job.” His gaze softened. “They only ever double crossed us because they thought they could be a better god than Chuck, but that you would never let them get there. And they were right. Nobody was willing to give them the position, so they felt they had to take it.”
Dean slid into the seat across from him at breakfast and thought about bringing it up when Cas beat him to it.
[Jack and Dean bonding because their relationship is a hot mess. Something having to do with Castiel]
Dean hated the dungeon. It had been cool at first, and helpful as hell over the years, but nowadays he couldn’t even step inside without his breath stopping in his chest. He figured that being trapped by Death themself and having his best friend confess his love and die on the spot might factor into why, but Jack had said that they needed to be somewhere the Empty had touched the Earth or some cosmic shit like that in order to go back. That was why he now stood where he had when Cas had—
Sam was on the phone in the library, but upon seeing his brother put an end to his conversation. Dean didn’t know what he expected: to be chastised, perhaps, or to be forced through a heart-to-heart. Worse, to have Sam look at him with pity without saying a damn thing. Instead, his brother wrapped him in a brief hug.
“Going out!” he shouted over his shoulder a few heartbeats later, running up the stairway and out the door before Sam could stop him.
[Dean wants to return the grace. He can feel the thrumming of it, how warm and comforting it is. He can feel the guilt hanging over him like a cloud: He made Castiel fall in every sense, and here he is keeping the grace as though that is something he is allowed to do. It's not right. He cannot keep this from Castiel, even though part of him fears that Castiel will take it back in both senses and become an angel again. He remembers last time Castiel was human, how hard it was for him, and he wouldn't blame Cas for taking his grace back, but what if he gets himself killed? What if he spreads his broken wings and leaves one last time?]
He wanted to see Cas; he wanted to touch him. Dean's hands yearned to stroke down an arm, to caress his face, to pat his back, anything to assure himself that Castiel was alright, that he was really here, and not just a figment of Dean’s grief-stricken imagination. He’d had enough of that, in nightmares and after purgatory. He longed for the warmth of skin on his own, for assurance.
A few days later, after writing out dozens of little messages for Castiel, Dean and Jack took Miracle on a walk together. The weather was cool, and Dean could feel winter air biting at his skin.
[Our Castiel: S07E21 Cas and the bees; S08E08 Cas cracking the cat; S08EXX Naomi conversion therapy arc; S09E03 that shot of Castiel in the rain with April; S09XX Cas and pb&j (pre 09x09); S09E10 Cas/Sam hug, treated like a brother; S12EXX Cas and Mixtape (post 12x19, pre 23); S14EXX movie night with Jack (pre 14x08); S15E07 Eileen asks what happened to Jack / Sergei while Sam is unconscious, Rubi's idea]
Dean felt desperation and anger and sadness rise up in him. “So, we just pop his batteries out and he can never have them back? We force him to live as a human for the rest of his life?”
“I wasn’t afraid to die,” Castiel said, a steely look in his eyes. “Not for you.” Cas’ thumb swept across freckled cheeks. His hand traced Dean’s jaw and slid down his neck to settle on his shoulder. “I’ve seen you at your lowest and I’ve seen you at your highest. Both were you. Even in hell, even angry and broken, even when we fought…you were beautiful, and loving, and
“Then you see the problem. The monsters aren’t monsters like we thought – they’re just people put in circumstances beyond their control. They still have souls and I think we should let them rest like we do with the humans. Rowena agrees. She says that the only real monsters are the people who turn themselves into one. Those are the people who will go to Hell.”
The memory collapsed and Dean found himself in the dark, alone. Was this how Cas had felt when he left the Bunker? This nagging, out-of-place feeling... Dean knew where to go, he could see it, but he didn’t have the power to make it there. He was afraid of what he would find and how he would be received. After everything Dean had seen,
Hoping they had simply lost track of the time, Dean made his way to Cas’ room with their food. He knocked on the door, only to find that it wasn’t latched. The door swung open to reveal a dark and empty room.
Dean nodded, staring at it intently. There was something, some pattern to the madness on the paper, but he couldn’t figure out what he saw until it clicked.
Dean nodded and stretched his stiff, half-numb legs before standing. Cas’ grace bounced against his chest and for a second he thought about giving it to Castiel.
Unfortunately for Dean, that left only two places to sit, and neither were especially appealing, given everything. He chose what he hoped was the better option and sat between Cas and Jack even though he could see Castiel tense slightly. That had to be better than being caught between the lovers and the wall, right?
“Then that’s good enough for me.” He offered Jack a sad smile. “I’ll see her in a few years anyway, right?”
lived them, after the Fall, Dean had dared to hope that maybe he would understand. When they had met in Rexford for the Rit Zien case, it had seemed like Castiel
“Well, a lot of those ghosts were left stuck on Earth or went to the wrong place. We brought back Billie to help us—”
Once upon a time, an old entity told you that you never hungered because you were so damn empty inside. If that Famine could see you now. See how damn
Even this aside, the birth of the Righteous Man was a sight to behold and witness. Castiel was certain many an angel had paused in their duties to watch on as the Michael Sword drew in his first breath.
it was bait, but wasn’t willing to call her bluff. Not for the kid. “You’re not gonna make another move to that bathroom.” He threatened.
Hands traveling up his bare torso, Dean felt breathless. These were his hands, but the movements belonged to Cas. The dance that only his angel knew, tracking from his navel to his collarbone, trickling across his skin with his calloused fingers.
They looked peaceful in the witness’ front yard. Untouched by the grueling werewolf that was lurking through the small town. Dean could hear Sam’s sharp inhale from beside him.
“The Castihell for Castiel, right?” Abby grinned with a laugh. “My uncle’s on stove duty in the back. He got a kick out of it.” She offered a bag with their food and a small cardboard with three cups stacked in it. “Our soda machine is right over there for you guys to use.”
Dean was already moving, Sam following quickly. With the weight of the full moon in the sky, they couldn’t afford to be wrong about Marissa retaining her humanity in a transformation. “You’d’ve thought some kid gets bit when her boyfriend is mawed in front of her, they’d tell someone.”
,” Jack whispered back. Dean turned his vision back to the road, trying to listen to their conversation. Praying to
Cursing under his breath, Dean halted in his steps. “Dammit, Sammy,” he growled. “Why the hell didn’t you say anything before? At the motel?”
“No harm to me, Cas,” Dean’s voice felt hoarse. He wondered if it sounded as much. “You can read the book if you don’t believe me.” Leaning toward Cas, Dean rested his forehead against that furrowed brow.
Furrowing his brow, Castiel placed his hand on Jack’s shoulder. “What is it?” He asked softly. Had already there begun a war to fight? Was there no time for rest as Heaven had been recrafted and Humanity given their Free Will?
drew them away, Dean’s phone lighting up on the table and alerting him to a call. He sighed, pressed a tight-lipped kiss to the corner of Cas’ mouth for good measure before answering his phone.
“We will?” Dean scoffed, his eyes glancing between Sam and James before his irritation got the better of him and he settled angrily on James.
“Cas,” Dean grunted, forcefully redialing Cas’ number as the edge of the woods came into view. “He got a call from Marissa. Guess she thought that bite was a reaction to poison ivy or some shit.”
“I always thought sunflowers were… homey,” Sam confessed, watching the sunflowers dance with a furrowed brow.
can hold this divine being beneath his tainted palm without his blood coating twisted hands. How can your touch be more damning than that of the
“Oh,” Castiel let out in a breath. He felt Heaven spin around him, vision swirling until he was forced to take a seat. Jack followed him, arms reaching out but withheld as not to touch Castiel. “Dean Winchester is…”
“Isn’t it always witches?” Dean scoffed. “Witches in Florida is like the premise for every witch media ever.” Sighing Dean merged into the turn lane. He hated Florida traffic. Driving down two-lane roads across the midwest was more of Dean’s style. Downtown traffic was pitiful.
. Dean really was getting old. Brushing some of the dirt off of his jeans, Dean turned to Sam. “Just the two, right?”
“And we can go get ice cream.” Dean watched as Pine and 3rd flickered closer. He set his jaw into place. “We’re coming.” He spared Sam a glance. “Keep him on the phone.”
“You shoulda got in the car. Turned the A/C on,” Dean chided gently, ducking his head so he could meet Jack’s gaze beneath the sunhat.
“I do,” Dean promised. “I do, Cas, I promise,” he cried. “Please, sweetheart, I just need you. I need to touch all of you.”
until suddenly imploding into a million pieces. Part of Dean hoped he did, the dark part that whispered horribly how he had already chained Cas’ soul here. He hoped he shattered in Cas’ mouth and left pieces of himself between Cas’ teeth. Kept himself there in the warmth of that cavern of stars.
“All of them.” Ananiel’s words were but a whisper. “All of humanity. So small and frail.” The Captain turned their gaze away from Kansas, to Paris, to Istanbul, to Sweden, and to everywhere and nowhere all at once. “Look at them, Castiel. Look at all that they have done on their own.”
With a sigh, Sam fell into step with Dean. “I’ve been thinking about how weird it was that the first three victims were torn to shreds and more than just the heart was taking,” Sam eventually spoke. “I mean, I know we’re thinking it’s Moira out here and that she’s an Alpha, right? That she was aware enough to make it look like a bear attack.”
Marissa seemed to understand that. She sighed, tilting her head in thought. “It was just so dark.” Her voice tightened. “That… whatever the hell it was jumped us from the treelines. I just… I couldn’t see it.”
“They’re so unassuming, aren’t they?” Ananiel spoke. When Castiel did not respond, Ananiel continued. “He’s so small. Fragile.”
Swallowing thickly, Dean traced his fingers over the inscription within the volume that Sam had placed in front of him. His throat felt dry, but his mouth would not salivate. He turned his gaze to Sam, words rasped. “Are you sure?”
Sighing, Dean pulled his phone out of his pocket. Thankfully, in the tumble with the werewolf, it hadn’t been badly damaged. He paused in his steps, furrowing his brow at the voicemail notification. He couldn’t remember the ringer even sounding, not that he would have heard it over the growling and gunshots.
golden, but when he tried looking at it, the sun was just a bright, white color. Blinding. Dad said he couldn’t look at the sun without hurting himself, so he stopped trying.
. There was a beautiful sort of ache knowing that someone you loved would finally get to achieve their happiness. Perhaps this is what Anna had meant all those years ago. Perhaps she too had seen the man that Dean Winchester would become, or the hope of the man he could be. Or perhaps she had no idea whatsoever what it meant to fall in love with a human.
Panting, Cas increased his pace, following Dean’s beckoning as the heels of Dean’s feet dug into the small of his back. Dean’s eyes widened, reflecting grace-blue in their depths. It wasn’t often that Cas could feel himself slip, feel his grace shine through in the small moments, but it seemed more apt to happen during these private moments.
. You’re starving and it aches so much that the ringing in your ears might be the phone in your hand or it might be his words ringing,
The morning was silent, comfortably so. Sam watched the coffee maker eagerly as it sang its siren song. Dean hummed beneath his breath, turning back and forth between his mixing station and the stovetop. When the coffee maker cried out, Sam scuttled to the cabinets for his mug, pouring himself a cup of coffee and moving to the fridge for his low fat, sugar-free creamer.
—Dean hurriedly reached for their soda to wash it down. He glared at Sam, flickering his eyes quickly to Cas who seemed much too preoccupied with washing Jack up to notice Sam’s comment. Sam’s eyebrows danced up his forehead in amusement, cheeks tickled pink with the laughter he was holding back.
Sam rolled his eyes, taking his phone back from Cas. “The other laptop is in my duffle,” he instructed Cas. “I’ll phone Rowena and then head over to the library. Maybe they’ve got something to substantiate Moira’s claims on the history of the land.”
“Had a long night?” Dean turned to face Sam, watching his little brother’s eyebrow quirk in question. “Cas didn’t make you sleep on the couch, did he?” He teased, but Dean could tell by the shifting of his eyes that Sam was uncertain whether Dean and Cas
Standing, Castiel nodded in understanding. Dean did not like to be watched over so closely while resting. Perhaps it was an instinct ingrained into him through his life as a Hunter. “Of course,” he whispered. “Sleep well, Dean.” With an unfurling of his wings that Dean could not see, Castiel cast himself outside of the motel room.
Sam and Dean spared one another a look before Sam cleared his throat. “We can’t tell exactly what it is yet, Marissa. That’s why we need your help.”
?!” He huffed. “Any time I look at you, you’re just—” he gestured wordlessly to Cas’ body with flailing hands.
,” those feathers tickled at Dean’s chest, drawing out another moan from Dean's throat. Cas was ceaseless in his caress of Dean’s dick, of his tease of Dean’s hole. “You tellin’ me you get off from getting me off, sunshine?”
Cas paused in his trek toward the bed that held his duffle bag and a sleeping Jack. He inhaled slowly, grabbing the bandages before moving to sit at the table beside Dean. Their knees were a hair’s breadth from knocking against one another. Wordlessly, he handed Dean the gauze and ointment before shifting to place his shoulder between them.
Maybe it’s because your unholy hands could never touch something so divine unless bathed in its blood. Like red wine cleansing the body’s sins. You’ve heard wine is good for that. Some God-follower interpreted it and some doctor agreed with it.
“You didn’t forget where you placed your marbles, did you?” He teased, a smile bright stretching his face into something that felt close to Heaven in Castiel’s heart.
Dean sighed with relief, turning to face his brother. Sam was a little bit bloodied, though hopefully, that was more from the werewolf than him. “Nice timing,” Dean let out another breath.
Jack clapped his hands together excitedly, juice box nearly forgotten in the collision. Cas saved it, taking the nearly empty box amid Jack’s excitement. “Yes!”
Snorting a laugh, Sam moved to the chair Dean had vacated. Dean rolled his eyes and grabbed the remote on his way to settle Jack on the second bed more securely. Currently, Jack was kneeling in front of the bed and zooming his cars across the covers. Dean bit back the ache in his knees as he knelt to grab Jack, carefully tossing him onto the bed with a bounce that made the kid giggle.
Sam’s eyes were wide and his face was pale. “Jack? Where are you?” Sam attempted to keep his voice level, but Dean could see the stress pulling at his throat.
Then it continued in a motel. The year is 2018 and this is where the End begins. Castiel had not wanted to stay beside his brethren as they let Lucifer rise to destroy Humanity. They had been commanded to
“Moira Doherty,” Sam explained, all sense of humor washing away to reveal business. “She owns the land that Marissa and her friends were camping out on.”
Dean’s body quivered. “You gotta—” his voice wobbled. “You gotta stop staring at me like that, or I’m gonna be finished right now.”
“I think you’re selling Fred short, Dean,” Cas smiled softly, watching as Dean’s amusement flickered into confusion. “Fred is a very determined man, and clever too. He is inventive and kind. Considerate to a fault, considering that Shaggy does not
, Shaggy and Scooby.” He looked to the two of them and his sad blue eyes became sort of like summer skies that reminded Shaggy of picnics by the lake. “You two are very dear to me.”
, Castiel considered. That Dean Winchester would not allow himself to be viewed as vulnerable. He had been charged to watch over his brother much like Castiel had been charged with watching over Dean. It was…
Jack’s singing broke into the kitchen, a gleeful greeting for each of them as he stepped into the kitchen. Dean offered the kid a salute with his spatula before returning his attention to the pancakes.
The room was so sparse. A few knicknacks on the dresser. Papers on the desk. A tablet full of case notes and little things he’d jotted down for himself. Dean ran his hand over these; traced the way Cas formed each letter, tried to remember his hands as they held a pen, a beer bottle, Dean’s shoulder. He turned away from the desk abruptly.
“Sort of, and sort of,” Gabriel said. “It’s complicated. On both fronts. But it’s good. Things are going well for me, all things considered.” Gabriel bumped his knee against Sam’s. “Heard you’ve got a girl, too.”
Sylvia was up soon afterwards. Dean really wasn’t paying attention until she launched into the chorus with heartbreaking fervor. “Til now! I always got by on my own! I never really cared until I met you!” she belted out. “And now it chills me to the bone. How do I get you alone?” The song gave Dean chills too. He could feel that acute sense of loss all too well. He watched her and thought about Gabriel. Not just for Sylvia’s sake, but the world would have benefited from Gabriel still being alive.
“No no no. Now,” she insisted. “Need to… ‘pologize...” She closed her eyes and sighed a long, drawn out mournful sigh. Then her eyes popped open again with a sudden thought. “I could pray! I could pray!” she exclaimed. “He’s n… can’t not hear me.”
Gabriel squeezed Sylvia’s hand and looked over at her. “Would you mind if I do that? Not right away, maybe in a week or so?”
“...that’s fine…” she said weakly, so beyond caring about household goods. His tongue swirled over her stomach, interspersed with kisses. One hand kneaded at a breast, the other slid up and down her thigh a few times and then began to finger between her folds.
“Yeah. Yeah, of course.” He stood up and gave Gabriel a last desperate glance before walking away with her.
It felt good to pull the Impala into her usual spot in the garage. “Oh Baby, you need a bath,” Dean moaned sadly, patting her fender. “Tomorrow, girl. I’ll wash you up tomorrow.”
Dean would be driving of course, Cas assumed that he wouldn’t get a response for a while, but just a few minutes later his phone chimed. -Damn- was all it said. Then, a few minutes after that, a photo came in. In the background was the corner of a building with some dumpsters and an air pump beyond it. Dean was leaning against the back of the Impala, holding his phone up high and angling it down toward his face. He was lit by the midday sun. The strands of his hair were practically glowing. And his eyes, oh. The sunlight brought out the golden flecks within the green. He was squinting a little, which wrinkled up his nose and concentrated his freckles. He was beautiful.
“This IV fluid has some nutritional properties,” Cas said. “It should keep your body functional in that regard.”
She nuzzled into his palm with a sigh, and felt the comforting wash of grace throughout her as the alcohol and the pain and the nausea subsided. “I love you, Gabe. That’s going to hurt for a long time and you can’t magic that hurt away. I wasn’t trying to drag you here, I just wanted to apologize. I was absolutely shitty to you. And Sam, for that matter. If he can make you happy, then… be happy.” Her voice was soft and sad.
Gabriel had a very brilliant plan, if he did say so himself. Things were getting sort of boring around the Men of Letters bunker. Hanging out with the Winchester bros, and his own little bro Cas, was pretty cool. But they’d just been hanging around the place for ages. It was good, of course, that there were so few monster problems out there that the Winchesters could enjoy semi-retirement. Getting to watch movies and play board games and drink beer with Sam Winchester - with both the Winchesters, of course, and Cas - was great, Gabe thought, but they needed to liven things up a bit.
“A kiss?” Dean repeated, dumbfounded. “So I have to go kiss someone? Big deal! I’ll put on my best shirt and head out to the Stumble Inn tonight, I’ll be fine by morning.”
“Earth to Dean Winchester!” bellowed Sam’s voice from the distant grave. Dean shook his head and stood up and marched toward the hole in the ground. Sam was about halfway down. “I said, do you want to actually take your turn?”
“You mean they’re not trying to get my phone number to try to ask me out? I thought that man at the realtor booth was giving me amorous looks.”
“Is this a shortcut?” Cas asked. The road was badly rutted and Dean was steering creatively to avoid the holes.
want to take that bait. So here I was, sending out resumes and hoping I could bounce along to another company and maybe it would be different next time… and we got a new janitor in the building. And he was… really cute and just… he had this sassy sparkle to him, but I could tell he was just a really good guy under it all.”
After a moment, the pic arrived and Dean inhaled sharply. It was really him, really Cas in all his beautiful, messy haired, blue eyed glory. Dean ached to touch that face. He had for a long time truthfully, but now that it was all out in the open it was even more acute.
“I mean, Syl, we’re not… you don’t want me sticking around all the time anyway, and we’re not serious, so what’s the difference?” For the first time he raised his eyes and she could see the hurt in them.
They bought tacky tourist souvenirs that said Baltimore even though they were nowhere near the city, a fridge magnet and a set of shot glasses. For Sam, Dean picked out a t-shirt that read “I got crabs in Maryland” with a pile of orange and blue crabs in a bucket, and then he got Eileen a nice bracelet, silver with enameled charms of various ocean creatures.
Sylvia nodded and leaned back in the corner of the couch. “That’s alright then. If he trusted you, I think we’ll get along.” She crumpled the wad of tissues in one hand, and patted Castiel’s hand with the other. “So what do you do now? Do you like… ask Scotty to beam you back up? You know, request a Heavenly rescue?”
Cas’s caresses were slow and deliberate, stoking the fire within Dean with a steady pace. And then he mouthed down to Dean’s neck and sucked on the soft skin there, and his fingers moved toward the button of his jeans. “May I?” he murmured against Dean’s spit-damp skin as his fingers toyed with the button.
Dean nodded. “Okay. Um. Just so you know, you’re the first person I’m telling but you ain’t the last. I’m gonna… I’m gonna be totally out now. Like maybe not a big announcement type thing but… I’m done with trying to keep people from knowing.”
“So, you two… you’re okay?” Dean asked. He waved to the waitress, pointing at his beer and holding up three fingers, then signing “more” without really even thinking about it.
“I could perhaps go with ‘cherished one’?” Cas suggested as Dean slid into his seat and started the car. “Or… I understand that ‘bae’ is currently very popular. Sylvia called you my ‘boo.’”
Cas rolled his eyes as they moved up to their turn at the checkout. Dean winked at him as he emptied the basket onto the belt, and somehow they managed paying for their snacks and heading back to the car interspersed with silent flirting.
The night was winding down, the crowd thinning out. Dean picked up one of the remaining song slips on the table, brushed nacho crumbs from it, and filled it out. He dropped it on the dwindling pile on the DJ’s table and returned to his seat.
Sam huffed bitterly. “She got… not mad, exactly, but… annoyed? And kind of... weirded out?” Sam ran his hand through his hair. “And like, it’s just so awkward now. Said she needed time. She left, went on a hunt with friends, and we talk but it’s nothing like it was and… I don’t know, I guess I’m just waiting for the shoe to drop. For her to say that she doesn’t want to see me at all anymore.”
“Sam?” The soft feminine voice came from behind him. Sam pulled his hand away like it was on fire and spun around.
“I can see that now,” Cas said, still glaring murderously at Gabriel. “I suppose someone interfered with my eyesight.”
He was almost too caught up in enjoying the feeling of Cas’s fingers on him to notice Cas’s little hitch in his breath. Dean turned his head to the side and looked at Cas carefully. His cheeks and the tips of his ears looked… were they pinker than usual? Was he blushing? His hands trailed lower, rubbing the cream into a spot just above Dean’s waistband. It felt slower, more deliberate, and their eyes met. Dean let out a breathy sigh.
Dean made it onto the stage and grinned out into the crowd as the music started. He was starting to feel good about this. Why had he hesitated to participate, this was great!
“So tell us about your fella, then!” called out an elderly lady across from them, who’d been following the exchange with a sparkle in her eyes.
The back of the performance tent ran parallel to one of the side streets that was shut down for the festival, one that was being used as a parking and loading zone for the workers, volunteers, and performers. In the small space between the tent and the street were smaller pop-up tents with sturdy walls, which served as the backstage dressing rooms.
Dean and Cas exchanged a look, each challenging the other to say something first. Finally, Dean cleared his throat and said, “I recently learned how important it is to tell people… things. Just sayin’. Somethin’ to work on before hot wings galivants off again, maybe.”
“Oh, we gotta teach you,” said Dean, snagging the last slice of sausage pizza and taking a huge bite. “Good times. Very lucrative,” he added around a mouthful of food.
“Just past Pittsburgh,” he said. “I probably coulda pushed through and got to you by morning. Still could if you say the word.”
“I kept begging Jack to help, but I never heard anything from him. I guess I was mad at him. When I got home and you weren’t there… everyone else was put right back where they were. But the bunker was empty.” He shook his head. “I can’t believe he’d just leave you there. And he had nothing to do with this, huh. Just some accident.” He squeezed Cas’s hand.
Dean opened his mouth to say something irritable to the both of them, but instead he took a deep breath and sighed, and shook his head. “You’re right. I’m being a jackass. You two should go. But first, we should check out the carnival games. I’m gonna win you so many stuffed animals, sweetheart.” He took a big bite of his sandwich and wiped the grease and barbecue sauce from his face with the back of his hand. “Big ol’ teddy bear,” he said. “All kinds of crap.”
Dean sighed. “I guess so. I’m still worried about Sam, and I still think you’re wrong, but… I dunno. We should talk about it in the morning. I don’t wanna be pissy with you right now.” He traced a fingertip over Cas’s forearm. “Love you, Cas.”
They were quiet for a few minutes, each working on their drinks, trying to think of what to say next. Finally, Gabriel cleared his throat. “They’re playing a slow song.”
“Yeah? Haven’t heard from him lately. Sam said he was not coping well. With you being dead and all. Not surprised he’s driving all the way out there to fetch you. So, uh. Give him a hug from me.”
In the morning, Sylvia showed Castiel how to fry eggs perfectly, and to cook bacon from chewy to crispy and everywhere in between. After that, they put together a lasagna, covered it with foil and tucked it away in the fridge for easy dinner prep.
The automatic blood pressure cuff on his arm began inflating, and that aggravated the stings beneath it, plus making his swollen hand feel like it would explode. Dean whimpered. He glanced over at Cas’s face and it was crinkled up with worry and sadness. And something else, too. He looked paler than usual, and he’d actually removed his coat and had it draped over his arm. Fine beads of sweat shone on his forehead.
“Need a ride, Gabe?” Dean offered as they walked out toward the parking lot. He had an arm firmly around Cas, who was stumbling and a little giggly and clinging to Dean’s neck.
“You’re right, it’s not how it works. You can decide that you’re not going, but you can’t order the rest of us not to.”
Cas turned up just as the oven was done and Dean was handing over the bowl of drained pasta for Sam to carry in. “There you are,” Dean said. “Thought we were going to have to form a search party.” Sam paused, his eyes flicking from Dean to Cas, trying to integrate this new knowledge.
Dean chuckled. “Guess I really blew your mind. Hang on, let me get us cleaned up.” He slid out of the bed, padded into the bathroom and brought back a warm washcloth and cleaned Cas off. Then he tucked the covers around him and nestled in next to him. “So how about that cuddling? Big spoon or little?”
“Eh.” She made a wiggle hand motion. “I don’t think we ever would have called it that. I guess that’s not exactly how either of us rolls. For a few years, he came and went. But he always came when I called.”
Dean trailed his fingers up Cas’s arm. “Hey, maybe you should text Sam, let him know we’re almost there.”
Afterwards, wrapped in towels, they sat on the bed and ignored the cheesy movie in the background. The heater chugged out steady warmth and they kissed, slow and sweet at first, then with growing intensity as Dean climbed into Cas’s lap. He teased at Cas’s tongue with his own, and Cas returned the gesture, groaning softly as he dipped his tongue into Dean’s mouth. Dean shifted in his lap, straddling him, and his cock was suddenly achingly hard and nestled against Dean’s ass. Dean leaned back a little, sliding just the tiniest bit, nudging him against there. “Wanna try something different tonight?” he asked hoarsely. “I’ve been thinking…”
Dean lost himself in the feeling and the sound, so much so that he was surprised to find himself at the brink of a toe-curling orgasm, without so much as a hand on his dick. He came for what felt like twenty years as Cas kept fucking him through it, pounding desperately into him, chasing his own orgasm. As soon as Cas had pulled out, Dean collapsed like a bowl of jello onto the bed, heedless of the puddle beneath him.
And a trench coat. It was the shorter style that Cas had tried for a while and abandoned. Dean didn’t know why; he’d never asked. He’d give anything to ask Cas something right now, just to talk about stupid crap like clothes, or the little snowglobe on the dresser, or the notes on the tablet about some case Claire had been working. Or, better still, to tell Cas that he was in love with him too, that Cas could have him, that he just wanted to be with Cas, be whatever he needed.
The nurse came back in a moment later. Fortunately she decided to stop Cas outside of the cubicle and yank the curtain shut in his face. “Common side effect,” she said cheerily. “Let’s get you cleaned up.” She got him a paper cup full of water and a cool, wet paper towel to wipe his face with. “How about the other end? Oftentimes that’s next.”
“Even with the exertion of the walking?” Cas asked, frowning in concern. “I understood that physical activity could keep humans warm in such situations.”
“Nope, just me. How’s it going? You two still going hot ‘n heavy?” He patted Cas on the shoulder and gave Dean a knowing smirk. He could tell that they’d just been off somewhere for a quickie; the pheromones around them were nearly enough to choke him.
Cas smirked at him knowingly. “I’m afraid that my shirt is beyond repair,” he said, tossing the tattered garment toward the wastebasket.
“He would have,” Cas said. “He would have caught the perfect frog, and he would have hopped around in a sack with the biggest smile on his face.” He laughed and shook his head. “I am going to miss… everything about him. Selfish, I know.”
But when they got to the table, it was just Dean there. He had polished off the onion rings and the jalapeno poppers and made a pretty good dent in the cheese fries, and he was drinking Sam’s beer.
“Anyway, I think we’re going to stay for a while yet. Haven’t even hit the pool tables. And I still need to get Cas onto the bull,” Dean said, quickly derailing the Biblical discussion.
Downstairs, she found Castiel standing up and stretching, the throw blanket now sarong-style around his waist. She handed him the bundle of clothes and turned around while he dressed. Once he was done, she sat down and gestured for him to do the same.
“Sam…” Gabriel said sadly. “I’m not the only one who died on that trip, don’t forget. I don’t think I’ve ever felt so useless in my entire existence as when I couldn’t save you.”
“Oh. Oh, dude,” Sam said. “Yeah, I’m gonna need a minute.” He sat down on a stool, the salad forgotten. “So like… what, pining secretly for each other for
“Oh, um, yeah. So, Cas. I told Sam.” They arrived in the library and put the last of the things on the table. He glanced at Eileen. “So like, Cas and me are…” he struggled to think of the signs he knew. He couldn’t think of ‘together’ or ‘dating’ or ‘a couple’, and he felt douchey every time he had to make Eileen read his lips because he couldn’t think of a sign. He crossed his arms over his chest. ‘Love’ it is.
“Cas?” Dean asked, running over. “Oh please, oh please,” he murmured, scarcely aware of his voice as he knelt in the dirt. He touched him, turned him over carefully. He was unconscious but breathing. His poor face was battered. One eye was swollen and purple, his nose looked broken, and his hair was matted in blood at his temple. “Cas, please, please wake up,” Dean begged, sliding an arm under his shoulder and pulling him half onto his lap. The solid weight of him was somehow reassuring.
Sylvia was sitting on the floor of the bathroom stall, her knees drawn up against her chest. Her stomach still felt awful, though she didn’t think she was in imminent danger of throwing up yet again, and her head was absolutely spinning. Fortunately she was still drunk enough to dull the pain.
He’d finally brought himself to come into Cas’s room. For weeks it had been so hard to even think about doing, and now suddenly he couldn't do anything else. He just needed something, some kind of connection to Cas. Some way to feel Cas still with him.
“I…” He felt the panic growing. Should he tell him now? Just like this, over the phone? What if he didn’t want Cas, the human? Was his angelic nature part of Dean’s love for him? Would it be better to know that now?
There was an agonizing pause. Finally, Dean sighed, a huge, relieved sigh. “Oh, Cas. Oh sweetheart, I’m so sorry for what you’ve lost, but I am so glad to have you back. I wouldn’t care what you are. Angel, human, demon, wendigo, Jersey devil - I don’t care. I love you. And I would always, always rather have you.”
He wasn’t quite certain what had just happened, but Sam let her lead him back. They walked toward the brew pub together holding hands, and for the first time in days it felt like it was going to be okay.
“Ah, screw the parade,” Gabriel said. “More worried about you. Listen, Sam… this stuff sucks. I get it. I’ve been there. Kali. You. Hell, more often than not, that’s how my romances go. I just need you to know, Sam, that it’s not because of you. You are so, so worthy. You deserve someone who loves you just as much as you love them. I’m sorry that this didn’t go that way for you.”
Dean sat up and fumbled for the pink basin on the bedside table. “Nurse!” he croaked. Cas scrambled out of the cubicle and no sooner had he gone than Dean was puking his guts up. And if that was unpleasant on a good day, it was a million times worse on a swollen, sore throat, with a mouth that barely wanted to open enough to mumble words. He wondered if his face would actually split open, and then he wondered how swollen and awful it really looked. Maybe this was the dumbest time to try to confess his crush to Cas, while he was barfing and looking like the freaking blueberry kid from Willie Wonka.
“No!” Sam exclaimed, realizing too late how it sounded. “No, I don’t mean you! It’s… well Eileen isn’t coming.” They stopped at the corner, debating whether to cross once the crowd thinned or just stand and watch from where they stood, in a grassy bit behind the county health department’s booth.
“I miss you so much when you’re not around. Just because I can keep busy and take care of myself doesn’t mean that I don’t want you.”
“Okay Cas, I guess you’re all caught up to speed, now we can talk about something else,” Sam said desperately.
The girls had acquired balloons from some booth on the way out, and Dean was slightly grouchy about trying to drive with balloons bopping around behind him, until Cas gave him a baleful look.
“Shit,” Dean muttered. He pulled the piece out just as the ghost came back again. As Cas snatched up the shotgun from the ground and fired a salt round at the ghost, Dean rolled quickly away and toward the fire, and he thrust the bone down into the flames. The ghost screamed and disappeared, but as Dean pulled his arm free, his sleeve was aflame as well. “Shitshitshitshit!” he said, slapping the flames frantically.
“Okay, whatever. Kiss my hand, or my cheek or something.” Dean fidgeted, rolled his eyes, and then held out his hand half-heartedly.
“I’ll be there,” Sam said. Gabriel gave him a wink and turned and walked off into the crowd, and had soon disappeared.
“Good to have you back, man,” Dean said, slapping at his shoulder. And Cas moved in for a hug, squeezing him tightly.
Dean grinned. “Well in that case. You probably want to stick around for the part where I bend over for a few hours.”
“No weird pains or anything? No, uh… I mean, feelings-wise, you’re okay though? We jumped in with both feet here babe, and you’re going through some serious crap and… guess I kinda wonder if I should have given you space first?”
“Lucifer?!” Cas exclaimed. “What the hell was Lucifer doing back? Dean, are you alright? Jack? Sam? Did Chuck-”
Cas shrugged. “I read it more than watching it. I find the written word quite stimulating. It’s easier to picture you.”
“I’m not about to tell you what you can and can’t do, Dean.” He softened, the grumpiness smoothing from his face and shoulders. “I think I might like to see that, actually,” he added after a pause as they all watched the next young man thrash around on it.
“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you yet, but strangely I keep forgetting - not forgetting exactly, but it just didn’t feel like a big thing. And I know it is, but maybe-”
Cas was behind him pushing the chair and Sam dashed into the doors and frantically tried explaining the situation to the woman behind the desk. A nurse came out, took one look at Dean and gestured for them to follow her.
“I have noticed that, yes. Hold on.” And in the blink of an eye, they were back at the table with Cas. There was only the one other chair there, so Sylvia found herself perched on Gabriel’s lap with his arms tightly around her. She smiled.
“Dean told me that you’ve been trying various spells for months. I can’t thank you enough, Sam.” He sat down on the edge of the nearest bed, and Dean went to pull beers from the fridge and hand them around.
“I’m assuming… I’m going to assume you didn’t mean to do that,” Sam said. He took a deep breath, trying to calm himself. “I mean, you clearly set up this whole stupid, mean prank, yet you seem awfully surprised at the ending, so I’m not sure what exactly you were trying to do here.” He leaned against the table, arms folded.
“Cas?” he called in a hoarse whisper. “Baby, you up here?” He tiptoed through the kitchen, down the hallway that led to the bathroom and Sylvia’s office. Nothing and no one, they were quiet and still. He went into the living room and the dining room, still nothing.
Dean frowned. Cas was supposed to have met them here. This was a simple enough haunting and they didn’t exactly need help; either of them could have done it alone in fact. But Cas was on his way back from checking on a possible rogue angel situation in New England that had fortunately been a bust. And since he was coming through anyway, he’d said that he would meet them here, in this weird rural bit of Pennsylvania.
Curled up in the fetal position was a very unconscious, very naked man. And definitely not Gabriel, at least not how she’d known him. This guy was all thick muscles and tanned skin and dark, messy hair. Had he changed vessels? Was he injured? Was he even alive? Sylvia crept forward and tentatively grabbed his shoulder and gave it a little shake.
The festival was in a large park downtown. Food trucks and vendors’ stalls filled the streets all around it, a huge performance tent was set up in the farthest corner, and a DJ in the little band shell in the very center was blasting dance music. The parade was set to begin at eleven, and people lined the streets throughout the downtown area. The parade route would carry from the industrial park, where floats and marchers were preparing in parking lots, through town to the park. After that, the performances would begin in the big tent.
She frowned in confusion. “I’ve never… I’ve never had an objection to you going when you want to go. I just want you to come back some time. You’re… we’re not… you and I, we don’t…”
“Is there…” Dean scowled. “Hell yes there’s meat in it. That’s what makes it taste good!” He threw up his hands as Sam carried his bag down the hallway. Eileen looked at Dean, lips pursed, before following Sam.
“The last person who called me using that voice was Lucifer,” Dean said. “So maybe try another way to fuck with me that’s unique, because I’ve already-”
“This is amazing,” she said as they dug into piles of deluxe pancakes. “I usually just end up eating, like, bologna slices and olives out of the jar for lunch.” The pancakes were light and fluffy, and with just a hint of vanilla and cinnamon. Castiel beamed at the praise.
“Well you didn’t say,” Cas replied hotly. After another moment of poking around and some muttering, he figured out how to reverse the camera and took a photo of his own face. He sent the photo and waited.
“I take it you don’t mean the patio,” Gabriel said. Dean gave him an unamused look. Gabriel grinned. “I did go visit. Things are really good up there, with the kid in charge. And he let me give him some pointers and tips. ‘Fraid I can’t say a lot more than that. He loves you all. Very much.”
She leaned closer and slipped an arm around his waist. “I don’t think we’ve ever gone out to dinner together.”
“Aw come on it’d be a good way to meet somebody,” Sam said. He was looking at Dean’s face as he said it and something must’ve been showing in his expression. “Oh my god, you’ve already met somebody. This is why, isn’t it? This is why you’re telling me now.”
“Dean, that’s… I was… very confused. I’m certainly not confused now. She’s a very nice woman, and moreover, she’s quite distraught that my brother is dead.”
“Cas, did Dean ever tell you about the time he rode Larry?” Sam said as they stood against the wall, watching some guy try, and fail, to stay on the bull.
Gabe hopped up to sit cross-legged on the table next to Sam. “Well, um. Yes sort of, I- didn’t think that hard, I just thought it would be funny if.. aaaand by the time I could see that it was mean, I- I was going to ‘fess up! But Sam, I had no idea they would.. do you think they’re. That they’re. Um.” He scratched at the back of his neck. It’s not like he needed to ask; he wasn’t even sure he needed celestial hearing to detect the happy noises coming from Dean’s room.
“No, I was giving him a chiropractic adjustment,” Gabriel said smoothly. “Chillax, Dean-O. We were just catching up. We’re bff’s now.”
“No, no. To unbreak it. Not break it. Whatever getting back to how we were would be.” He tilted his head. “Is… is how we were okay? Are you thinking you want something different?”
“Mmm. Wait and see,” he said. He drove until there really was no road left to go on and put the car into park.
“Babe,” Dean said with a tinge of exasperation. “Just hop in.” He was shampooing, trails of soapy foam running down his body. He was gorgeous, absolutely irresistible. Dean tilted his head back and rinsed, exposing the length of his throat. Cas licked his lips and stepped into the tub.
Cas turned to look at Dean. “Not at all. I was… bewildered, I suppose, but I’m very happy with how things turned out.” He smiled, and Dean grinned back at him, and the exchanged look left Dean feeling almost as warm and comforted as any post-nookie cuddling.
“More than that, you’ve shown me that we all make mistakes. We all have regrets. We say things and we hurt people we care about and we can’t always make it right. But we can try. We have to try. We owe it to ourselves and those we hurt.”
Jack buried his face in the rough twill of Dean’s jacket, which still bore the imprint of Castiel’s final farewell, before Sam’s hand fell on his shoulder and he let go.
It was moments like this where Dean saw Jack as the child he was. The way he toed the floor with his sneaker, the steadfast gaze at the ground, the softened tone all betrayed it. He might be God, and he might look like a twenty year old, but he was still so breathtakingly young and uncertain.
Jack gave a small smile and looked to the ground. “We talked before I left, Dean. She doesn’t trust me fully, but giving her space will help.” Proudly, he added, “We’re getting to know each other. Now that this is all over.”
Hadn’t Dean done that? Maybe he hadn’t used nephil mojo, but he’d made more than his share of mistakes and hurt countless friends.
Dean’s stomach was in knots, knowing that today was the day they would bring Castiel back. He put on his battle armor—the green jacket with Castiel’s handprint—and allowed his hand to sit overtop the bloody smear. He hadn’t worn it since…
deserved that.” Dean felt his throat thicken. “What you did without a soul... Mom... None of that is your fault. It was an accident.”
A slow smile slipped on his kid’s face, and Jack left the room speaking brightly to Miracle. Dean didn’t know who was more excited for their walk.
But Jack wasn’t Dean. He never had to worry about his brother, or where his next meal would come from. Jack was young, and happy, and free. He was surrounded by love and gave it back freely. He was selfless and kind and true.
“Hey guys!” Sam entered quickly and pulled a yogurt out of the refrigerator, clearly just back from his morning run with Miracle hot on his heels. Dean could have killed him.
“I never would have dreamt of you with a dog. After what you went through in Hell… It never occurred to me. I’m sure you noticed her absence in my… in my head.”
“A little bit,” Castiel confessed without looking up. “But my... my grace was failing already. I knew I would end up like this, if I survived. So, I guess... I guess I’m not angry with you. I’m glad to be alive. To get more time with Jack, and you, and Sam... I just... I wish I had a choice in what happened.”
When they stayed in the Bunker, Castiel had a habit of resting the hand usually on Dean’s shoulder by his grace instead, where it rested on Dean’s chest. At first, Dean had thought it was regret, that Cas was considering taking back his grace in spite of the risks, but as soon as he voiced that fear, Castiel was quick to dissuade him.
The sunshine shifted into cold white light and all of that guilt and trauma was back post-purgatory. All Dean could hear were screams. Castiel was strapped down to a patient chair, like Dean had seen at a doctor’s or dentist’s, and Naomi loomed over him with a drill.
[They fall asleep together, but Castiel leaves before Dean wakes up. He's afraid, not of Dean, but of how he cannot do this anymore. He might be new at being human, but he knows this is weird,
“It’s a nice place you have here,” he started. Castiel kept milling around, ignoring him, but Dean didn’t mind. He had time now, all the time in the world to say what he needed to.
“Look, I get it, Jack. You’re a kid, and you’ve grown up too fast, but…” Dean exhaled slowly, trying to pick his words carefully. What would he have told himself thirty years ago? “I know what it’s like, to be pinned down by destiny and expectations. I know you didn’t ask for this, and that this is a lot, but you’re a good kid. You care so much about everyone and everything.
Dean wasn’t especially hungry during dinner, and even though Jack was bubbly when he and a freshly cleaned Miracle came in to eat, he couldn’t ignore how Castiel was still so stiff around him after that.
Sam just smiled and put the popcorn into a bowl before heading to the DeanCave. “We’ll wait for you to start.”
Eileen looked up from her conversation to smile at Dean, and only a minute later directed that same smile but brighter at Sam as he slid her a plate with a waffle before taking the seat beside her.
.” He spoke his name with reverence, like it was the last thing he would ever say and he wanted to savor it, to live in every syllable like they were lifetimes. “You’re the man I love.”
Dean felt guilt wash over him, unbearably heavy, and walked away. The Great Fall? That had to have been years ago, when Sam was doing the trials and the angels were cast out. He and Sam had hardly been there for Cas; Dean had kicked Castiel out, for fuck’s sake. What the hell had he told Jack?
Jack added, “Dean, you don’t understand what it’s like in there. I spent months in the Empty waiting, and every angel and demon in there is living out their worst memories. Imagine having a nightmare and it never ends. You never wake up. You’re stuck in your own personal hell forever.”
The next day, Dean slept until almost noon. When he stuck his head in to check on Cas, he saw that Jack was still there, no longer in pajamas, and that Miracle had curled up by Cas’ legs and was sleeping soundly.
Castiel’s eyes were blank, tears streaming down his face. His breaths came in gasps: ragged, haggard gasps that shook his body violently.
When they pulled apart—however long it was—Dean held his forehead to Cas’. A lump formed in his throat, closing off his attempt at words. “Cas—”
that much. Not that he hadn’t taken his eyes off of Cas since they got him back. Not that they still hadn’t talked about this
“Bears nest?” Marissa furrowed her brow before scoffing. Dean could recognize that self-deprecating tone. “I guess so. I sure as hell wouldn’t know.”
of names could be complicated. “And what if…” Castiel began before pressing his lips tight together. As if he could trap his thoughts within his skull.
The werewolf snapped closely at his throat, red bleeding eyes a menacing glint in the moonlight. Dean could hear his brother struggling, grunting as he rolled with another werewolf. Hopefully, he kept a better hold of his gun. Dean would have to start using a damn bungee cord if arthritis was gonna make him lose his gun.
Returning the smile, Dean kissed the corner of Cas’ lip softly. He drew away, remaining in Cas’ space. “I wish I could see you.” He sighed against Cas’ skin.
going back to that,” Dean’s pupils blew wide, dark and drawing in more of Cas’ reflecting grace. “But if all of those eyes keep
. And you will. You will love. There will be no mercy granted to this quivering once-god, but you can grant the prayer of the only thing you have ever worshipped.
Heat flushing to his cheeks, Dean turned to look out the joint’s floor window. Dean huffed, watching the Florida sun reflect off of Baby’s coat outside. “Yeah,” he grunted. “Some dudes are into that.”
“I wouldn’t have that car any other way.” He spoke finally, sparing a glance to Cas but unable to hold his gaze. He buried his face into the screen of the laptop in front of him without waiting for Cas’ answer, but he wasn’t buried enough to deny that he heard the quiet
“It means,” Cas sighed, “I have fallen. I have stolen grace. I have murdered my brethren. Attempted to be God. Held the Leviathan.” He bore his gaze into Dean’s and saw unwavering green staring back at him. “My form is not as magnificent as it once was. While no less awe-inspiring in its magnitude, my wings are beyond ruined and incapable of flight. My form is...
Dean swallowed thickly, readying his gun in sync with Sam’s motions. Cocking it back, pointing the barrel where the shadow had last emerged, Dean spoke in a whisper. “Didja get a good look?”
Cas’ gaze flickered over Dean’s face like a waning candle. He was looking for something. Dean wished he knew what the hell Cas was searching for. He would give it to him. He’d give Cas anything he wanted—
He could wait and hope for this too. For Dean’s happiness. Perhaps in that short time before his arrival in Heaven - had it been short at all? - Dean
Dean furrowed his brow. “Damn, Cas, tell us how you really feel.” He took a bite of his half thoughtlessly, a way to occupy his mouth. A way to finish this odd encounter and get back to the case.
There was a moment in time where Jack responded. Where Dean gave Sam one last look outside of Marissa’s door. Where a snarl so great and a crash so loud echoed in the apartment hallway. They’d have to make it fast. The noise would draw attention and Cas was in there, and who knew if he was packing anything.
Dean laughed, head shaking in that same bobbing manner. “Yeah, he’ll be fine.” Exhaling slowly, Dean admired his hands, admired
Dean. Takes him into his mouth until he can feel nothing but the weight of him on his tongue and when that is finished he takes Dean again until he can feel nothing but the pulsating thrum against his stomach.
Cas smiled against his lips, drawing back a fraction to look at him. “Thank you,” Cas whispered again, tracing his nose along Dean’s cheekbone.
Abby smiled politely at them. “Y’all can take a seat if you want. We’ll get your order out to ya in a minute.”
“Here,” he shouted at Sam, tossed him his phone before pulling his keys out of his pocket. “You keep trying until you get him.” The keys of the Impala were shoved into the door in a hurry, but the familiarity of the motion kept Dean from causing it any harm.
Castiel knows what he means. It has not been so long since Lucifer rebelled against God’s Will. The noise had been terrible; the fighting was great. Now Heaven rolls with ominous thunder that looms within the clouds, waiting to rain down upon the peace that has settled since Lucifer’s Fall.
Sighing Dean rubbed at the bridge of his nose. “Fine, fine.” He huffed. “I get your damn point, you saint.” Before he could make another retort, Abby from behind the counter shouted out.
building the Network back up again. With the help of the Wayward Sisters, Eileen, Garth, and several others, Sam had finally started making things
—everywhere. He took a deep breath, arms feeling loose as he reached forward to catch’s Cas’ limp body.
“Dude, look!” Dean grinned during another part of his life, pointing at some old lady’s front garden full of
“Hey, Cas,” Jack’s voice tilted with the question, drawing Dean’s curiosity as he peered from the corner of his eye. “What’s that on your jaw?”
With a furrowed brow, Dean paused the movie that was quietly playing in front of them. “What?” He turned to face Cas, drawing his leg up on the couch so that his knees brushed against Cas’ thigh. “You mean when you showed up at Pamela’s?”
Cas inhaled sharply, breath lost to him at this moment despite having no need for it. He reached out tentatively. Thinning his lips into a pensive line, Cas closed his eyes under the weight of Dean’s gaze. “Thank you,” he whispered, “for the sentiment.”
Heaving puffs of breath, something like sweat building up against something like his forehead, Dean panted. “I’m startin’ to,” he reached out, spotting the shape of another face. This one was like a phantom, a Greek painting, and the most similar to what Dean had always envisioned Cas’
“This feels trippy, man,” Dean confessed in an anxious laugh. “I think this musta been what Sammy’s oregano trip felt like.”
Castiel swallowed heavily. The thought that Dean was being greeted by a familiar and warm face was a soothing balm to the gaping wound left in his heart. “That’s good.” His throat felt constricted around his words. With these thoughts, he could understand the bittersweetness to Jack’s smile. Perhaps this
“If you want me to stay, ask.” Cas challenged, dominating eyebrow raised. Dean felt himself squirm and hated how scrutinizing Cas’ gaze could feel. Like a small bug beneath a magnifying glass.
“We just got back from speaking with her at her residency,” Sam explained with an equally furrowed brow. Dean was glad he wasn’t the only one lost in this conversation. “Marissa’s boyfriend died from an animal attack. What sort of allegations are being claimed?”
—fault Cas for spending time with his kid. Even if it made the wait for this conversation anxious as hell. Or maybe Cas was just as afraid of this as Dean was, putting it off for as long as he could. Shuttering, Dean closed his eyes and inhaled slowly.
,” Cas corrected, “was looking at the Impala from afar until Jack called him over. He wanted to show it off.” He smiled fondly, reaching into his pocket for the car keys and then stretching his arms out to take Jack back from Dean. “We should probably go get lunch now. If you’d like, you can drop Jack and I off at the motel and I can try looking into other possibilities.”
“Cas,” Dean offered. “We’re sorry about that,” he had offered in explanation again. “The guy was supposed to have paternity leave. Was out here for his vacation with his kid—”
“Well,” Dean sighed, setting aside his tools before beginning to reassemble his weapon. “I guess that means we can just stay up late. Braid each other’s hair and talk about the new High School Musical coming out.”
Watching Cas and Jack reminded Dean of being four and trying to see what color the sun was. It was blinding, something he felt he should look away from lest it hurt him. But he found that he
There was rustling, a dull thud, Dean wondered if Jack was settling into the bathtub. Cas had been talking to him about hurricane safety even though they lived in the Bunker.
Cas raised a brow, pointedly looking at the empty slot on the four-cup carrying cardboard, but thankfully let it go. Dean felt his ears heat. How the hell
Dean nodded, gripping his hands on the wheel. “See ya in a bit,” he promised, even if his skin itched at the thought of leaving Cas out of sight. Just like it had when Cas carried Jack out of the witness’ apartment. Just like it had when Cas offered to go on the grocery run with Sam last week. Just like it had when—
The kid in question seemed mellowed out now, but that might have been the heat. His little cheeks were smeared with sunscreen and his hands occupied with a juice box that had been kept in the cooler.
“I want to stay with you, Dean. Of course.” Tears glistened on his cheek. “I have never wanted to leave you.”
“Well, I like that idea,” Cas agreed. “I’ll ask everyone and text Sylvia and let you know what they say.” He gave Gabriel a quick hug. “I should go; I told Dean five minutes.”
“That would be nice,” he said, looking down at his body as if he’d just noticed. “I suppose I didn’t get to keep those, either.”
proud of you. Of course I’m not going to look at you differently! You’re my brother, you’re the same brother I’ve always had.” Sam moved around the counter and hugged him, a quick hug with a fierce pat on the back. It felt so reassuring; Dean didn’t want to admit how badly he’d needed that hug. “Thank you for trusting me with this.”
“How about food, Cas?” Dean asked. “With your grace low, maybe a little grub will boost you back up?”
The sun had dipped well below the horizon, the last rays of light trailing behind it. Street lights were starting to come on. Half a block away, the pride festival was winding down for the night. Vendors were packing, park staff was cleaning, and people were trickling out and heading home.
“I mean, I would have gone with ‘best’.” Cas said patiently. “Though I’m not sure how one competes in bisexuality. You’re certainly my favorite, if that counts for anything.”
“Good morning!” Castiel said. “I thought breakfast together would be nice before Dean and I head out. I made hash browns and cinnamon rolls.” He gestured toward the table.
Dean and Cas found Sam leaning against the car, and moments later Claire and Kaia emerged from their room and greeted them. They all grabbed coffees from the motel lobby and were soon packed into the Impala and on their way.
Dean was sitting on the edge of the map table, with Cas standing between his dangling legs. They were kissing, his hands in Cas’s hair, Cas’s hands palming over his chest. He was just starting to wonder if they could get away with fooling around a little more seriously when the door creaked open.
“That’s who I was summ- c-calling. He should- wait, you said you are human but you seemed surprised. Are you not usually human?”
“Sounds good,” she said. They’d reached the main road and found a relatively uncrowded spot to stand together. Dean walked up to Cas and slid his arms around him and leaned his chin on his shoulder.
“Usually. But it’s more fun with two.” Dean winked at him and slid his pants and underwear off his hips. He walked away toward the bathroom, Cas’s eyes following him.
Dean leaned over and looked. “Oh, the Blue Moon’s pretty good. They have pool tables. And roomy bathrooms.” Everyone stared at him. “What? I like pool.”
By the time Sam came into the kitchen, Dean and Cas had finished cooking and were halfway through eating. Sam scooped some eggs onto a plate and pushed a piece of bread down into the toaster. He glanced over at where Dean was sitting. “You did like it,” he accused.
“I gotta take Cas to the beach this summer,” Dean said. “You’ve got a beach around here somewhere, right?”
The DJ called up a few more people, then closed the evening out. The bar still had a few hours until closing time, but with karaoke over most people were leaving. They filed out into the chilly night and across the parking lot. Cas only stumbled twice, Dean catching him both times. He would have nudged him up against the nearest car for a thorough makeout session if Sylvia hadn’t been right behind them.
“He sounds like a bad boy. I’ll bet he wears a leather jacket. Does he wear a leather jacket? How about a motorcycle?”
“Little did I know. I hadn’t been the first girl that this guy had messed with. There had been a few others, and the last one before me… well he’d gotten tired of waiting for her to return his advances and he ended up attacking her in his office one day and… it messed her up so much… I had known that the girl in my job before me had killed herself, but I never knew why until Gabriel told me.”
“Shots!” Margo announced, having just come back from the bar. She passed them around to everyone. Dean paused to throw back the shot before heading toward the stage, Cas copying his movement. So much for him sobering up.
It turned out pretty well in spite of neither of them being ginger, Gabriel thought, as they resumed kissing.
Dean took his boots off and then started peeling off his clothes. “I’m gonna hop in the shower. You wanna come with?”
Cas finished his meal and put the plate aside. Now when Dean looked at him there were no wounds at all, and his movements were unencumbered by pain. It seemed that Cas was recovering just fine, and Dean exhaled and felt the tension release from his shoulders. And then Cas stood and stretched, letting Dean’s coat fall from his shoulders onto the bed, and he began unbuttoning his torn and bloodstained shirt, and Dean felt a different kind of tension.
“It smells nice,” Cas observed. The room was clean and spacious, with coordinating drapes and bedding and wall art in shades of blue and beige. He kicked off his shoes, sat on the bed and turned the TV on.
After a quick dinner of cheeseburgers, which Castiel had been eager to learn how to make, and sweet potato fries and kale chips, which he was a little less certain about, they drove the short distance to the library where knitting club was held. The sun was dipping low in the sky as they went into the building and down into the basement meeting room.
Castiel squeezed his eyes shut. This was too good to be true; wilder than his wildest dreams. “Will you come pick me up?”
It was dark outside when they wheeled him out and helped load him into the Impala. This time, Cas was there by his side for him to lean on as he moved from the chair to the car. “You smell good,” Dean mumbled against his hair. He wished he could hold on, but Cas just stuttered a nervous laugh as he guided Dean into the car.
“I know, and I’m sorry. This isn’t easy, okay?” He ran his hands through his hair. “He’s an exception. I don’t even know that he technically is a guy. Angels are… I don’t know.”
The waitress came and took orders before anyone could get too curious about Dean and Cas’s careers. The DJ arrived on the stage and began setting up equipment, and the crowd in the bar began to increase in size and volume. Margo leaned over to Sylvia, already too many drinks into the evening to be discreet, and asked “Which one’s yours?”
“We’re both good. Things are still pretty quiet out there. I found one possible haunting that I sent Jody and Donna on. How’s Cas?”
“I’d rather you not run yourself ragged,” Cas said. “You once told me that you required at least four hours, though I know that that isn’t sustainable and somewhat more would be optimal.”
“Sam, you’re not this stupid,” Dean said, shaking his head. “Yeah, I can guarantee he’ll be here for dinner.”
Back at the motel room, Cas dropped onto the bed in an undignified heap and threw his arm up over his eyes. Dean chuckled and sat next to his feet and started taking his shoes off. “You have a good time tonight, sweetheart?”
A short time later, Castiel walked through the library. Gabriel was very innocently reading a graphic novel. Cas waved and walked through to the kitchen, and Gabe heard the rattling and clinking associated with the coffee pot being put to use. The pot was gurgling out its last few drops when a shrill scream came from the direction of the bedrooms.
Cas returned from brushing his teeth and sat on the bed next to Dean. They looked at each other warily.
Sam put his glass of beer down, now more than half empty, and sighed. “Maybe- maybe this is all…” Sam flapped his hand. “I don’t know. Have we done something wrong? I sure feel like it.”
They pulled apart quickly. Dean felt a surge of fear and guilt as he adjusted himself and smoothed his hair down. He glanced at Cas, who was studying him with concern. “Let’s not throw it at him right out of the gate, okay?” Dean said quietly. Cas nodded. “I’ll talk to him later.”
Dean put his fork down and sighed. He looked over at Cas. Cas was giving him that wide-eyed hopeful look. Dammit, those eyes. Impossible to resist. “Fine. Fine, I guess I’ll go.”
“It would be nice to have a peaceful day with my big brother,” Cas grumbled. “Apart from last night, I haven’t seen you in months, and all you want to do is antagonize me.”
Cas lined up and started to push into him. Slowly, achingly slowly. He stopped, watched Dean’s face until he nodded, and then a little more. Stopping every little bit, making sure Dean was okay with the progression.
“Desperate ‘I thought you ditched me for years and then I found out you were dead but now you’re not’ sex?” she suggested. “Or I can make you cookies. Dealer’s choice.”
Cas woke up enough to make it to bed, grumbling about stupid human urination as he detoured into the bathroom. Dean tried to tuck him in without stirring anything up, but Cas was apparently a horny drunk. Dean undressing him and pulling the covers up around them both turned into frantic kissing and messy handjobs. Cas cried afterwards. “I just love you so much,” he said. “I’m not sad, I promise.”
Sam had dug his phone out of his pocket and was frantically googling. “Here it is, SOG! Um, let’s see, lore says… yeah, okay, virus, waking up, red hair… only an hour until… no, no, that can’t be. There’s like five hunters that died of this! The red hair is the last… oh, okay, January 12th. It’s a day that the magical energies align in such a way that the disease can be combatted with- with a- a kiss?!”
When Sylvia emerged from her office just after noon, Castiel was in the kitchen, paging through a cookbook. “Hello,” he said with a smile. “How’d it go?”
“Hey, uh. I was just wondering if you would be willing to tell me about the spell you used. The, the angel summoning,” Dean said as they drove back toward the house.
They ended up shifting around and lying down on their sides, face to face. Not touching, but close enough to feel each other’s warmth. “You should get some more sleep, Dean,” Cas said. “I’m hopeful that I’ll be able to accelerate your recovery by morning, but in the meantime, you should rest.” He took Dean’s hand gently between his and kissed his knuckles. Dean closed his eyes and let sleep overtake him, knowing that Cas was by his side and that they had so much more to look forward to very soon.
Dean grasped himself and started pumping in time to Cas’s thrusts. “You gonna come for me, Dean?” Cas growled. “I’m close, too. Your ass is so tight, Dean. I’m going to come deep inside you. Come for me, Dean, my love,” he kept murmuring variations on this until Dean shouted and shivered and twitched, and his ass was tightening around Cas like a vise. Cas squeezed Dean’s shoulder and thrust into him, one, two, three more times as wave after wave of ecstasy washed over him and his whole body trembled with it.
Dean shrugged. “There were times. I almost… when you came back, when Jack- when I found you at that phone booth- and then we went to Tombstone and it was so good, and I thought, I almost have it all now. Just one more thing… but angels don’t feel like that. It would never be the same for you, and it would hurt too much.” He twisted the salt shaker around in his hands. “What would you have done then?”
“The vial is from when Ketch rescued him… uh, long story. But this was definitely his. I don’t know if it’ll make any difference, but when Cas mentioned him in his phone call, I decided to grab everything we had. Just in case.”
Cas chuckled warmly. “I’m happy for you. Have a lovely time, both of you. Be sure you pack appropriate weapons, just in case. And wear warm socks.”
The bowl began to emit a bluish-white glow as she started to recite the Enochian words. This had never been her thing - she was no witch or anything of the sort, just a simple programmer who’d happened into a whirlwind romance with a guy who turned out to be an archangel and taught her a few tricks for her own safety.
“Dean?” he choked out. “What are you doing here?” He tried to sit up, but quickly collapsed back onto Dean’s lap with a pained cry.
“Dean you feel so fucking good,” he grunted. “I had no idea it would be this good.” He was sweating already, flushed with arousal and desperately wanting to go harder, faster. “How- are you- is it good?”
“I did. I’m glad you guys came.” She smiled, and Dean noticed that the smile didn’t make it to her eyes. “You’ll keep in touch, right? Maybe come for a visit sometime?”
“Will you permit me to help you out with that?” Cas said. Dean responded by undoing his own pants and pulling his dick out.
Cas started slowly but quickly picked up pace, spurred on by Dean’s needy moans and whimpers. He straightened up again and dug his fingers into Dean’s hips and redoubled his efforts. The sounds of sweaty flesh slapping together, Cas’s grunts and Dean’s gasps combined in a rhythmic soundtrack.
“Aww, I’m glad you were able to get some honey after all,” Dean said. He picked up the bag and looked at it.
Dean sighed. He felt like a creeper even asking, but, “Cas, um, could you maybe put some of that itch cream on my back?”
Cas slid his hand into Dean’s. That felt nice, their hands fit together perfectly. “Come sit in the back yard with me and tell me everything. Claire told me about Jack, I… I scarcely know what to think.”
The waitress came to take their orders, and Dean got the appetizer sampler for them, and a ribeye. Cas hesitated for a moment, finally ordering a steak and shrimp combo.
“I’m good for it, really,” she promised. “I wouldn’t be doing half so well if it hadn’t been for Gabriel in the first place.” She plucked a blue polo shirt with thin green stripes off the rack and held it up to him. “This one makes your eyes
“I can always pick off your plate for old time’s sake,” Dean said with a cheeky grin. “How’s it feeling? The humanity thing?”
“Oh, why not, Cas, it’s a special occasion, right?” Dean said. “A little Happy Meal now and then won’t hurt.”
“Not bad, Cassy,” Gabriel said, completely unfazed. “How’d you kids sleep? Which one of you got stuck on the lumpy-ass basement sofa, huh? Even my feet hang off the edge of that thing!”
“Okay. Okay.” Dean took a deep breath and steadied his hands on the counter. He could still feel Sam’s eyes boring into the top of his skull. “Sam, the thing is… there’s a fact about me. That you don’t know. That I need you to know.” He lifted his head and looked into Sam’s eyes. “Please don’t look at me different.”
Sam had received endless offers of drinks and phone numbers, and even more blatant invitations, as the evening went on. He turned them all down politely, and no one was particularly obnoxious about it, but he was starting to get tired. He sat on a bar stool, nursing a beer and wondering if he should go check on the girls. They’d been having fun dancing last he checked, and he felt a little out of place hovering around them - the patio dance party was decidedly a young person’s scene.
“Duh,” she said. He could hear the eyeroll in her voice, but also the fond smile. “What about you, what are you up to?”
“Yes, I believe so. I cannot fathom that there is a way my grace could be recovered from the Empty, and it would be foolish to try.”
“You love it,” Dean said with a saucy grin. He put an arm around Cas’s waist and pulled him toward him, and when that got a smile, he leaned in for a kiss.
Later they had another movie night. Sylvia painted her nails while they watched Tangled and The Little Mermaid, and snacked on Thin Mints and hot cocoa. She tried not to think about how much Gabriel would have enjoyed this as well. She’d always tried to keep a spare sleeve of Thin Mints in the freezer for him, and she became more and more despondent as they worked through the last of them. But there was no sense in saving them now.
Dean cranked up the air conditioning and kicked off his boots as soon as they got into the room. The creaky old machine was slow to bring the temperature down, and he ended up stripping down to his boxers before sitting down to eat.
Kaia chuckled. “No, just basic stuff. Lots of cupcakes and cookies and bread. I learned how to make pastry cream last week.”
“‘S good stuff,” Dean agreed. He reached over and brushed the backs of his fingers gently against Cas’s, the faintest whisper of a touch and yet so connecting. “Good stuff.”
“Sylvia’s luckier than the rest of us,” Stephan said. “Promotion and almost exclusively work from home. So jelly.”
“Yeah, why not? Pancakes for lunch!” She bustled around the kitchen, pulling out ingredients. Castiel really didn’t need as much instruction as he thought, just a few tips on things like greasing the pan, finding the right temperature, how to tell when to flip them. After the first few came out well, they graduated to adding chocolate chips, blueberries, banana slices, and walnuts. Cas was handling it quite well on his own at this point, and Sylvia made a fresh pot of coffee and put out butter and syrup and whipped cream, and sliced some strawberries.
“Love you too, angel,” Dean murmured as he fixed his clothing. They shared a quick kiss before exiting the stall and heading to the sinks to finish making themselves somewhat presentable. “You’re not mad at me, are you?”
It was not entirely unheard of, but it was rare that Dean was not in any hurry on such a long road trip. With Castiel by his side, alive and human and very much in love with him, they took the opportunity to enjoy the journey from New Jersey to Lebanon. They veered south a bit, avoiding the misery of the Pennsylvania turnpike and its endless construction and mountain tunnels, and went through Maryland and West Virginia instead.
They sat at the table, Sylvia with her cup of coffee and Castiel with a dish of cottage cheese and a banana. “There are so many foods that I didn’t get to try last time I was human,” he said. “Cottage cheese is interesting. Bumpy. I haven’t decided if I like it.”
“Oh, crackers,” he muttered as he caught Castiel’s eye. Cas and Dean were sitting at the bar now, fresh beers in front of them. He couldn’t exactly avoid going over there. Castiel was getting off his stool and coming toward him for a hug.
thing, Dean.” His large hand slapped reassuringly on Dean’s shoulder, but it did nothing more than shake him further. “I think Cas might be…
Humming, Cas nodded once again before falling silent. Dean turned from the stovetop—now off—and the stack of pancakes. “Cas?” He called Cas from his ponderings.
“Honeysuckles stand for devotion.” Cas’ voice rumbled gently. “In the ancient Celtic alphabet, the symbol that the Ogham carved into stone to represent the honeysuckle stood for following one’s path.”
“You’re right,” Cas finally whispered. He broke eye contact with Dean, looking down at the small book he held within his hands. Its colorful cover made Dean think Cas must have grabbed it with Jack in mind. “My apologies.”
?” A small voice asked from the other end of the phone. It sounded tiny and quiet. Dean felt that hardened piece of his heart crack, thunder rumbling in his chest as he held back the sound it threatened to make.
Dean rolled his eyes, hiding his scoff beneath the rim of his beer bottle. “Yeah, that van must be such a
“Usually wendigos like dank spaces,” Sam commented. It was the same thing that had been haunting Dean’s thoughts too.
“Well, the men do what most insect men do,” Cas explained, “they’re gatherers. And traditionally, as with most insects, they’re just meant for mating.”
Dean was proud of him. Proud that Sam had taken the life that Chuck had thrown at him and made something out of it. Got his happy ending, or at least something damn well near on the way to. With Eileen at his side and Miracle in the Bunker running beneath everyone’s feet, the damn place was feeling like
,” Dean moaned, reaching out for one of Cas’ rings on reflex. His hand grasped at one of the turning rings, felt the stirring pause as he held it there before the ring morphed completely. It became something like a smoke cloud and Dean could no longer hold it.
dispute that. Their father had ordered Humanity to be their priority. Lucifer had rebelled because Humanity had been loved more. Certainly, God had viewed Humanity as His greatest Creation. Why would Castiel assume differently?
Cas’ hand, the physical hand on the physical body that Dean knew, reached out. Grasping Dean’s outstretched hands in his, Cas stood over Dean. He bent down to draw his lips across Dean’s forehead.
the network, Dean.” His brow was challenging and it was a challenge Dean was willing to concede to. Sammy had worked
Blinking rapidly, Shaggy nodded. “Like, I think I get you, man. Sometimes those names are just who we are, though, dude.” He chuckled, looking to Scoob and gesturing between the two of them. “Like, me and him? Man, we weren’t born Scooby and Shaggy.”
“Sure, Dean,” Sam rolled his eyes goodnaturedly. “See if you can get in touch with Moira too for that interview. I think I read that she has a summer cabin on the land that she stays at. Maybe we’ll be able to get some insight on whether she’s involved or not before heading out to the campsite.”
Cas hummed, lips thinning and hands tightening in their grip. “Perhaps once upon a time,” he nodded. “Now, though, my form has... it is reflective of me, I suppose.”
With a grunt, Dean lowered himself to the soil, sitting beside Cas and wrapping his arm around Cas’ shoulder. “These little guys are pollen-less,” he spoke to Jack. “That’s why we got the honeysuckles.”
Dean laughed again, quiet and mindful of Jack. “Oh, you’re such a bastard,” he swallowed Cas’ low chuckle, felt it in his chest, and hungrily asked for more. Cas hummed into his open mouth, a satisfied noise that Dean hoped to hear every day for the rest of his goddamn life.
There once was a Righteous Man who was touched by angels both literally and figuratively. On the same day an angel reached out to raise him from perdition, he reached back.
“If Moira is not a witch and her land is the victim of something else, then she will be doubly suspicious of the young woman who is still grieving her boyfriend if we prod the beast as it were,” Cas spoke pointedly. “We’ll go regardless of whether she gives us permission, but it might behoove us to seek approval first.”
Sam turned to face him, a furrow of concern and curiosity that was familiar to Dean bearing its full force at him. “Dean?”
Cas sighed, tilting his head. “I have taken precautions against you perceiving my true self.” The words felt sharp as they drew from his mouth. “You found my true self to be rather distasteful when we first met.” He shrugged at the emotions that passed through Dean’s face. He couldn’t probably identify them, but he was not always fluent in Dean Winchester despite knowing the man so well.
?” Dean balked, eyes blinking rapidly. Beside him, he could see Sam’s eyebrows raise into his hairline.
actual and literal God had told him he was the center of his story. Sam and Dean Winchester were the center of the universe for Chuck’s
It seemed the wrong crutch to lean on, and Dean felt his legs give out from underneath him with how Cas’ eyes shuttered, finally turning to look at Dean. “He might not appear so physically,” he spoke gently, “but he is
, despite hiding himself from Dean’s gaze. He could remember avoiding Dean’s presence in Purgatory with the blind hope that waiting his time would
“Do you want to know how I see you, Dean?” Cas whispered hotly into Dean’s ear. His fingers spread to Dean’s neck and waist as his hands wound their way around Dean’s body. Cas dragged his open mouth across Dean’s cheek, hovering over Dean’s quivering—fucking
“We gotta go, Baby,” Dean whispered, barely audible, but from the look on Sam’s face the prayer was heard. God, who was Dean even praying
“It’s just,” Dean started softly, “you know how I get.” He shrugged, idly drumming to a song that was no longer playing. “When he’s gone.”
“It might not even be a wendigo,” Sam grimaced, grabbing the collar of his shirt and loosening it. “Do we have any more of those juice boxes?”
“Cars don’t need to attract mates, Jack,” Cas whispered gently, standing to move closer to Jack and the television set. “Why don’t you watch the show? Dean and I have to work, okay?”
“Yanno, your true form or whatever,” he spoke gruffly. “What’s it, uh... what’s it look like?” Dean’s eyes turned from the screen to Cas.
. But often, when it was young women who had just lost the love of their young life but hadn’t been hardened enough to prescribe to the Dean Winchester school of dealing with shit, they needed Sam’s gentle understanding.
with Daphne, so…” he gestured with his hands in a motion that Cas couldn’t understand. “If you wanted to, yanno,
. Said it shoulda just been me and her. I—” her voice broke, and Dean saw a mirror of the young woman he had seen grieving her boyfriend. Her
---” his words are stopped abruptly before he continued in an even softer voice. “Daphne knows what she wants. She always goes after what she wants. If she wanted Fred, then she’d already have him. Because he’s already hers.”
. That’s why you couldn’t touch him. His blood isn’t coating your hands. His body hasn’t spilled so that you could break that unspoken barrier.
when he had seen them. While they might not have been the tallest—or the smallest—of sunflowers, he had thought they were lovely. Dean had made a quip about their halo and bought Cas seeds the same day.
“I could have brought my truck,” Cas had reminded them both, to which Dean could only grunt in reply.
Looking up at the menu, Dean gave an appreciative nod. The young woman behind the counter drug a customer service smile across her face.
“You know,” she whispered against the shell of his ear, “they say that sunflowers track the sun all throughout the day.”
Dean hummed, closing his eyes and resting his forehead against Castiel’s own. He peered one eye open carefully to catch Castiel’s before closing it again with a smile. “How about you and I go to the lake.” He offered a breathy chuckle. “Off by the pier. Just you and me.” A sharp nose ran gently across Castiel’s cheek, a kiss of skin as Dean tightened his arms around Castiel’s waist.
“Cas, you gonna wear flowers on your head?” Dean said. He regretted the words as soon as they were said; he knew he sounded judgey and critical. But Cas didn’t seem ruffled.
Sylvia shook her head. “Well I certainly don’t want to like, settle down and play house. I don’t think exclusivity is necessary. Or even desirable.”
“So, like, a wet t-shirt contest? Should we go back and oblige her?” Dean’s eyes roved up and down Cas. “I mean, clearly you’re winning, but I’m game to try.”
“So like… if someone was really into you, you probably wouldn’t ever notice?” Sam asked thoughtfully. “If someone had been flirting with you for months, you’d just… never respond because you didn’t even see it?”
“Shakespeare never wrote anything half as convoluted as our story, I’m pretty sure,” Dean mused. A fond look crossed his face. “I stabbed you at first sight,” he chuckled with a happy sigh.
“Shit, we were in there forever,” Dean said as they walked through the parking lot. “Should we grab dinner and stop for the night?”
Happy Birthday to waning_grace! Thank you for all the advice and suggestions, I hope it's what you had in mind. ;)
“Stay safe, Sam. And say hello to Eileen for me,” Cas said as Sam gathered his things and headed out.
for my help then,” Cas said, snatching the basket of rolls and heading toward the library behind Sam. Dean made a face at the back of his head and followed with the pot of sauce.
“Dean Winchester,” he said, looking up. His face was like thunder. “I think you had better start talking.”
Sylvia tapped the side of the copper bowl, shaking all the dry ingredients into the fluid beneath them. It was almost exactly like baking cookies, if your cookies were made of your own blood and the juice of exotic fruits and handfuls of dry herbs that were very expensive, probably poisonous, and definitely illegal. And then, the last ingredient.
“It’s perfect.” Dean’s lips grazed his skin. “I… I don’t wanna make any assumptions, but it seems like you’re… well I wasn’t sure what we’re doing.” He felt Castiel tense up in his arms. “I mean- I want to do things! Didn’t know what you would want to do. For all I know, making out is your limit. What
“So… how are things? Cas said that you had a girlfriend, and that you were… maybe gonna… work with Jack?” Sam asked cautiously.
There was a table filled with cowboy accessories where the line was forming. A young man with floppy blond hair, wearing a striped vest, boots with spurs, and cutoff denims so short his asscheeks were peeking out the bottom, tied a green bandana around Dean’s neck and placed a cowboy hat on his head. “Ohhh yeah,” he proclaimed, patting Dean’s shoulders. “You look amazing, sweetie. Ready when you are.” He led Dean to the mechanical bull and helped him climb on.
“Dean, you can’t eat twinkies. Your throat was swollen shut half an hour ago,” Sam said. Dean just grinned - at least he tried to grin; he could definitely feel the swelling in his face as he tried to form his mouth into his signature grin - and Sam walked out of the cubicle with an irritated, dismissive handwave.
“Well if you ever decide you are, kiddo… you know my direct line.” He made a praying hands motion in front of his chest.
“Trust me, we’re hardly the first.” He pulled back and leaned his hands against the wall on either side of Cas and studied him carefully. “Is this not okay?”
Ten minutes later and a brilliantly crafted bit of lore about the implications of Sudden Onset Gingerism in Hunters had been posted on five different very serious-seeming hunter websites. For good measure, there was an ancient book with a chapter about it on the library shelves, and a few case files in the Men of Letters filing cabinets in the personnel section, though he didn’t think it would come to that level of research. You could never be too careful with Sam around.
She spun around. “Hey, Dean!” she replied, pocketing her prize. “How are you? Thought you’d be with Cas. And Sam.”
“You’re smiling,” she observed. “Did you call him or have you been holding my phone hostage all day for no reason?”
“What do you mean, ‘end stages’?” Castiel said. He’d stepped into the room and was looking Dean over, looking into his eyes, at his tonsils, taking his pulse.
When he slid into the driver's seat and turned the key, it took him a moment to register that nothing was happening. The Impala was silent. “Baby, no,” he said. “C’mon girl.” He turned the key again. “You cannot seriously be doing this now!”
It was only a few minutes into this that Dean began chanting his name, tugging his hair, and writhing around beneath him. And then Dean tensed up and gasped, and Cas’s mouth was suddenly full of hot cum. He swallowed, though a little got up his nose and he choked as he pulled away.
Cas gasped as Dean reached a hand down the front of his pants and cupped it around his cock. Dean deepened the kiss as he stroked him gently, and hummed as he felt Cas harden in his hand.
Two doors over from the brew pub there was an insurance office that was closed on Saturdays. Sam and Eileen ducked into the alcove of the entryway and leaned against the closed door, providing a semblance of peace and privacy.
“I love you, you idiot,” Dean said softly. “I was too chickenshit to ever tell you. Too afraid to make it weird and lose you. Too afraid of how... overwhelming it is. But I don’t ever want to live without you again, Cas. There’s been too much of that, and I hate it.” He leaned in and pressed the barest, gentlest of kisses to Cas’s injured lips.
Dean sighed. “Well, get some sleep I guess. See ya in the morning.” Dean clicked his phone off and returned his attention to the conversation. “Sorry, Gabe. Where were you? Belgium?”
“Shit!” Dean said. “Ow! Fuck!” He nearly dropped the phone as the first one stung his arm. Dean backed away quickly, but the wasps were now very interested in the sweaty human who had poked at their stolen goods. “Fuck fuck mother fucker!”
“I actually slept a lot today. I’m good for it,” Sam said. “I’ll catch up with you guys back at the bunker in a few days, okay?”
“Gabriel, if you fly off and don’t face this I will personally pluck out all of your feathers,” Cas muttered as the three of them filed out of the performance tent and headed around toward the back. “Amen,” he added bitterly.
By the time Cas met up with them at the car, Claire had settled into a quiet sulkiness that Dean, if he hadn’t been present for the outburst, would assume was perfectly normal Claire. He stuffed the teddy bear into the trunk as Claire and Kaia piled into the back of the Impala for the drive to the motel.
If his fingers had been pleasurable, his mouth was ten times better. Gabriel was a connoisseur of the finer tastes of the human experience and this was no exception. He licked her clit and teased his tongue around in circles. He sucked the salty, slippery fluid from her folds. He dipped his tongue inside, nosing at her clit as he did. But he kept returning to the careful attention to her clit, relearning all the moves that made her scream the most.
Cas stepped closer to him, blocking the wind, and Dean could almost feel the heat radiating off Cas and seeping into his chilled body. Maybe it was a grace thing he was doing, or maybe Dean was just imagining it. Cas started slipping his arms out of his coat.
“It could be that he knew that this was coming,” Cas said. “Or it could be because my death wasn’t Chuck’s doing and therefore not his business to unravel. I don’t know, Dean.” He stroked his thumb soothingly over Dean’s hand. “I love you.”
They followed Sylvia into the bar and she immediately called out a “helloooo!” and waved to people across the room, close to the stage. The bar was only about half full, and they easily made their way over to the large table. “Dean and Cas. meet Margo, Nora, and Stephan.” Handshakes were exchanged, and they all settled into seats. “We all met at work, though none of us work in the same places these days.”
“I see,” she said. She pounded back the rest of her drink. “Well guys, it’s late and I.. I should get some sleep. See you in the morning.”
And then Cas was gone and Dean did whimper, but the bed dipped again and the little plasticky click of the cap sent a rush of anticipatory lust through him. Cas’s touch was gentle now, one hand stroking soothing touches around the curve of his ass and up his back to his shoulders, while the other hand fingered him gently open, cool and smooth. This part was quiet, soft gasps and moans and murmurs. Quiet until it wasn’t, quiet until Cas’s patient touch brought Dean from anticipatory to desperate. When Dean started to make louder, demanding keening noises, and finally looked over his shoulder and pleaded “Cas,” in a drawn out hiss, then Cas withdrew his fingers and knelt behind him.
“Hey Sam, uh. You know... did you know that Claire and Kaia went camping together this week. Like, apparently they’re a couple.”
Dean cranked the heat up in the car and tucked a blanket over Cas, his touches lingering as he adjusted it carefully. Cas’s hand brushed over his, and they looked into each other's eyes. “I missed you so much, Cas. I… I just need you to stay this time, baby. Please, stay.”
“Uh.” Dean frowned, uncertain how to proceed. “Cas is helping out a friend. And Sam is… I don’t know. Somewhere. I was looking for him, actually.”
Cas looked at Dean over the top of Sylvia’s head. They held a whole conversation with their eyes. Sylvia was sobbing and Dean understood that Gabriel was probably to blame, given the earlier conversation. Cas was petting her hair and murmuring soothing things.
“I do! I really like you, Gabe. Seriously. I would love to hang out with you. I felt like, if there wasn’t always something awful going on, we could have been such good friends. And now that things are okay…”
Cas’s lips were so soft. He responded eagerly to the kiss, his lips parting, his arm sliding around Dean’s waist and holding him close. Dean hesitated, pulling back just enough that he could brush their noses together. He moved his hands to Cas’s shoulders, moved back just enough to look into his eyes.
you. The one who - who always loved you, every moment of it, even at our worst moments.” Tears dripped down his cheeks. “I’m sorry if I had to ruin our friendship in telling you, but I’m not sorry that I saved you. I would like to still be your friend, if you can-”
“It’s not stupid,” Gabriel argued. “She’d be better off writing me off and moving on. Before she goes and gets attached or anything.”
Sam stood by, wringing his hands nervously “I should take Cas to get his car back, though. Do you think you’ll be okay while we…”
“I’m the one who gripped you tight and raised you from Perdition,” Castiel said, squeezing his eyes shut and reliving the memory of tucking that beautiful soul into his grace. “The one who rebelled from Heaven for you, who fought alongside you, who made stupid mistakes and fought
“I believe Lebanon has a sack race and a frog hopping competition at the town celebration,” Cas mused. “I’ve seen signs for it in the grocery store.”
When Sylvia could stand up and look around again, she was relieved to see that the room looked fine - not destroyed, every knick knack and book still in place. Nothing was changed, except for the presence of a crumpled up figure lying on the floor in front of the table.
“Hell yeah I was. I ain’t regretting it.” Dean’s eyes fluttered open, and Cas’s heart skipped a beat at that first flash of mossy green. “Don’t get me wrong. I wouldn’t change a thing. That was awesome.”
As Cas walked away, Gabriel put a hand on Sylvia’s shoulder, warm and protective and a little possessive. “My dear, can I interest you in dinner?”
Cas sunk to his knees on the floorboards and planted a hand on either thigh. “I had been hoping to revisit this. I enjoyed the first time so much.”
“Mmm,” said Dean doubtfully, but without any desire to drag out the argument. “Does this count as our first fight?”
“I’m good for now. The nurses took me to the can before they let me out.” Dean was absolutely not going to elaborate on that humbling experience. He stretched out on the bed as soon as he was lowered onto it, and Cas sat down at the bottom of the bed and began untying his boots.
“What are you making?” asked the stranger to his right, leaning closer toward him. “I’m Angie, by the way.”
“I’ll do everything I can not to,” Cas said, his voice thick. “I want to live a long life with you, Dean.” He shook with sobs, and Dean was caressing his back, trying to sooth him as he fell apart, even though Dean was still crying too. It felt like all the heartbreak that they’d put each other through was pouring out of them in that moment.
“I guess I’m not really good at figuring out all that stuff,” Gabriel sighed. “Crushes, love, attraction, whatever. Biggest mystery there is.”
“I need to tell Gabe I’m sorry,” she said firmly and slowly. Her face was blotchy, her eye makeup was smeared and runny.
“Yeah, Cas, give it to me,” Dean said breathily. He felt Cas moving closer, the press of his thighs against Dean’s, the tip of his cock dragging along the top of his crack. Cas was teasing him, taking his time, moving around here and there. Dean wiggled, teasing back, and Cas sighed and pressed the tip against his hole. He pressed in slowly, and leaned over him, peppering kisses over his shoulders.
Cas sat up and started to take his shirt off, but Dean grabbed at it. “Uh uh. Let me.” He pulled it over Cas’s head and ran his hands all over Cas’s chest and arms, and then leaned in to kiss him. Less violent than their initial frenzy, but still just as hungry, he let himself savor the taste of Cas’s lips as his hands drifted down and unfastened those tight shorts.
“Yeah,” Dean agreed, dipping in to kiss him. Dean’s hands slid into Cas’s hair, tugging at the strands. Cas gripped his waist as Dean nudged him backwards until they bumped into the fridge, sending magnets scattering. Dean’s leg slotted between his, and Castiel groaned as Dean rocked into him.
Cas put the TV on a movie channel, some sort of cheerful romantic comedy. He watched for a few minutes, but he found that he couldn’t stop thinking about Dean, naked and wet under the shower spray. He’d been invited, after all; it seemed silly to skip out on that experience. He stripped down and followed Dean.
“Of course, Dean.” Dean rolled over and held his breath as Cas slid his t-shirt up and started rubbing a dab of the cool cream onto his skin. It shouldn’t have felt anywhere near as good as it did. Dean bit the inside of his cheek to hold back a moan. Maybe this had been a bad idea. Maybe he should have just toughed it out. But on the other hand, he probably should enjoy this for what it was worth.
“Dear Gabriel, pleassss listen to me,” she began. “I really rllyrlly messed this all up, annnn I wanna… wanna tell you. I’m so sssorry I love you. No… no, that’s… Shit. Sam, you and Sam, I hope he’s… he’s right for you because… you derser, deser…” She trailed off and lolled her head around. “I don’t feel good.” And she bolted up out of her seat and staggered toward the bathroom door, which mercifully was not far away, but she still bounced off the wall a few times on her way in.
Sam’s driving was far more tolerable now that Dean wasn’t actively dying. The hospital was actually quite close to their motel, so in no time Dean was being helped into the room, this time between Sam and Cas, for the agonizingly long stumble from the parking spot into the room.
They picked through a plate of nachos and an appetizer sampler filled with all sorts of fried goodies. Cas found that he enjoyed the onion rings and the french fries, but the mozzarella sticks and the jalapeno poppers were unsettling. He was dissecting a popper on his plate when Dean caught Nora looking at him strangely.
She carefully dropped the precious angel feather, the one that the creepy shaman had sold her after regretfully informing her that he’d already sold the last of Gabriel’s grace, but that fortunately he did have a feather around and that that would perform the spell much the same way. It would latch onto Gabriel in whatever realm he’d scampered off to and deposit him directly in her living room. And then he’d have ten years’ worth of explaining to do.
“Yeah, uh. We thought that maybe the spell wasn’t working because it needed to be more of a significant location.” As he spoke, he was carefully helping Cas to his feet. Even when he’d stood all the way and seemed steady on his feet, Dean kept his hands on Cas’s waist, and Cas continued to lean on his arms. “Cas, you gotta let me tell you now.”
Sam heated up soup on the little stove and Dean found that even swallowing that was a struggle. As much as he wanted to send Sam back out for pizza or tacos, there was no way that was going to work very well. Sam, in solidarity, hadn’t gotten himself any real food and he was eating soup too.
Dean drifted off to sleep long before Cas did. Cas laid awake in the dim room - they’d left the bathroom light on, neither had discussed it aloud, but Cas couldn’t bear full darkness. He watched Dean’s chest rise and fall, studied the freckles on his nose, and let himself feel the full measure of gratefulness. He sent up a little prayer to Jack, telling him as much, and he felt like Jack was happy, too. Happy for them.
“Did you really not know?” Cas murmured, his breath warm against Dean’s face. “How I’ve felt about you for years, Dean. I thought you knew; I thought we were both just conveniently ignoring it because you didn’t-”
“Hey!” Dean protested. “Ugh! Frigging angels!” Cas shot him a dirty look. “Oh, yeah, like you didn’t used to do that to me all the time too.”
No sooner had Dean closed and locked the stall door than he resumed kissing Cas, this time thrusting his hands up under his shirt, desperate to touch his skin. Dean tenderly traced the lines of Cas’s collarbone, the defined muscles of his chest, down over his abs. He knew every inch of this skin so well now, and yet it fascinated him every time.
“I think we’re almost there,” Sam said. Dean could feel that they’d made it to the main road now, they were moving faster, the drive was smoother, and he could hear other traffic too. And then he must’ve drifted off again, because next thing he knew they were moving him out of the car and maneuvering him into a wheelchair.
“Well congrats,” Eileen said happily. “I hope you’re as happy as we are.” She and Sam shared a gooey look.
“So good,” she assured him, bringing her legs up and around him, taking him in deeper. Gabriel braced his arms against the table and thrust again, a little harder, and soon she was rocking against him on every thrust, little shivers going through her. The sensations were delicious, and seeing him above her, having him alive and with her again, was even better. She traced her fingertips over him, his chest, his shoulders, his arms, appreciating the strength of the muscles rippling there.
“I think I might like being poked in the morning,” Cas said. Dean chuckled and kissed the back of his head.
“Yeah, sure. We’ll do that after breakfast.” Sylvia looked down at her dragon onesie. “Maybe I’ll change first.”
Cas shifted, pulling away so he could look Dean in the face. Dean felt a wave of regret and shame wash over him, and he looked away as Cas studied him. He expected Cas to get up from the bed and put even more distance between them, creeped out as he surely must be. But he didn’t do that. Instead, he gently touched Dean’s face, smoothing his thumb over an unblemished spot of his cheek. “Dean,” he said, desperate and longing like something out of Dean’s dreams. “Do you mean to say that you’ve had romantic thoughts about me?”
“Well buddy, you did a shitty job of that,” she said. “And that sucks as both an apology and an explanation.” After a long silence, she added. “How is it that I asked as little as possible and you still managed to disappoint me?”
There was a flash of blonde hair in the crowd, and Claire emerged near Cas’s elbow, with Kaia trailing close behind. “Hey guys,” said Claire. “How much later are we hanging out here?” She gave Gabriel a curious glance.
“She’s really hung up on Gabriel, huh?” Dean said, following Cas as he put away the leftover food and cleared the table. Dean leaned against the counter and watched him work.
They went through the drive through and then headed back to the motel with their food. Cas invited the girls to come eat with them, but they declined, and each couple went their separate ways.
Cas was silent. His eyes flicked all over Gabriel’s face, reading him. “Will you tell me what happened?”
They hadn’t, and Dean challenged them to a round. One round turned into four, and Claire won each time, trading up her prizes until she had acquired a giant purple panda.
“You’re beautiful; you’re always beautiful,” Cas murmured, and kissed the tip of his nose, and Dean thought he would melt on the spot. He very badly wanted to pull Cas into a deeper kiss, but already his lips felt split and bruised and he knew that it would have to wait.
“Sounds good to me,” Sylvia said. “Let’s head down the east end of Main Street. That looks like dive bar territory.”
“Hey, you know, I made peace a long time ago with the fact that I could bite it for good at any time. Any hunt. Never figured on it being insects instead of monsters, but… it is what it is, man.” He reached for the tube of cream and started rubbing it into the bites on his hands.
Sam made a squeaking noise and fumbled the knife, dropping it to the floor with a clatter. “Holy shit! Holy
Dean was quiet for the rest of the drive, but Cas and Sylvia were too caught up in their own chatter to notice him brooding.
Dean ordered two pieces of pie, coconut cream and lemon meringue, and when they arrived he nudged both toward Cas. “Taste ‘em both, see which you want.”
He needn’t have bothered with the light. In the bottom of the bag was a small glass vial emitting a glow. It was faint, barely there, just a few drops in the bottom, but it was a bottle of angel grace.
“Just about ten years ago. He… I knew something bad was up the last time I saw him; he seemed very concerned when he left.” She shook her head. “I wonder what he was up to… you said he died two years ago... all those years in between when he never answered me… I guess I’ll never know.”
“What? No, no, no. That’s shotgun’s job! Pick the tunes, read the map, keep the driver awake if necessary.” She shook her head. “You must’ve heard wrong somewhere.”
The dining room was tiny, really just the other half of the living room. It was scarcely big enough for a six-person table, a hutch, and a few side tables with Sylvia’s nicer dining pieces. The table itself was smoothly polished and covered with a yellow plaid linen tablecloth. A vase held red carnations in the center and was flanked by salt and pepper shakers and the napkin holder. These Gabriel swept to the floor with a dramatic crash, and he laid Sylvia out on the table.
Cas moved first, diving onto Dean and pushing him onto his back while capturing his lips in a bruising, fierce kiss. It took Dean barely a moment to respond, sliding his hands under Cas’s shirt and pulling him closer as he returned the kiss. Cas’s hands sought his and laced their fingers together, pinning Dean’s hands to the mattress above his head. Dean’s head was spinning by the time Cas finally let him up for air.
Cas bristled and his eyes narrowed. “Who’s Larry? Is he here tonight? Dean, you told me that you had never-”
Dean had just strolled out of the booth where the local Rocky Horror shadow cast was handing out flyers and giving out beaded necklaces, all in costume, when he spotted his boyfriend. His drop-dead gorgeous, too hot to be left to his own devices, love of his life, hopelessly devoted boyfriend, with his arms wrapped around someone and holding them tightly against him. Dean was three long strides towards them and composing a tirade before he recognized the figure in Cas’s arms, and by the time he reached them he was just confused.
“Is this New Jersey?” Cas said. He looked out the window. He hadn’t thought about where he was. There was a big oak tree in the yard, other houses in the distance, nothing distinctive to mark this as any particular part of America. “I didn’t ask Sylvia where-”
Cas got a second finger in and added more lube. “Still good?” he asked Dean, with a kiss to his knee.
Cas sighed. “Well, it seems that I’m outvoted. But I think you should at least have a salad, or apple slices.”
“I am going to kick Sam’s ass for you,” Dean said. “And for Eileen, for that matter. Gabriel, I expect this shit out of him; but Sam, I raised him better than this.”
“Oh, why not,” Sam said. He’d gotten most of the way through his drink and he was feeling agreeable and relaxed. He stood up and held out his hand. “I’m a terrible dancer but, sure. Let’s go.”
They were soon back on the road and leaving West Virginia. Ohio was even less interesting than the mid Atlantic had been, and they opted not to stop in Ohio at all. They were well into Indiana before they stopped again, grabbing lunch at a diner outside of Indianapolis. Dean had been here before, at least a decade ago, and he remembered it as being pretty good. He ordered a triple decker BLT and curly fries, and Cas got a PB&J and cheesy broccoli soup.
“Ouch,” Gabriel said, wincing and looking away. He made the mistake of meeting Cas’s eye. “Yeah, okay, that’s… I shouldn’t have lied. What I should have told you, Sylvia, is that I’m no good for you, and you should forget about me.”
