The red-haired guy throws his hands in the air and does a little dance, while the others give her the stink-eye. She-lock, John notices, rolls his eyes almost out of their sockets.
Karamo releases John from his hold. “I had roommates in college, and they refused to do dishes, hung a dirty trafic sign on the wall and ate my yoghurt. They did not keep body parts in the fridge, man.”
“No, that would be… quite awkward”, John says. “But you must… errr. You must have... impulses. Take some pleasure in… pleasuring yourself. It’s not just mechanics to you, is it?”
As they continue the game, the gorgeous woman next to John reaches with her gold-painted fingernails under the table and touches his arm. Momentarily, he freezes. But it’s important to stay in the game, not to give anything away. Not to let anything distract him.
Mycroft loudly clears his throat. Right. The secret mission. Sherlock bites his lip, and rubs his fake beard.
“To not keep you on your toes, of course,” She-lock frowns. Surely she mustn’t go into depth about the abomination that are ballerina’s feet?
He opens his eyes immediately, and focuses on Wiggins’ careful working. The beard is glued on meticulously. His hair gets slicked back mercilessly. A pair of glasses finishes off the look.
Sherlock gets the first rose, receiving cold glares from David and sharks. David gets the second rose quickly though.
“Wow,” Katya says, eyeing BenDeLa en Ru. “I would’ve noticed it sooner if I dared to look Michelle Visage in the eyes.”
When Sherlock returned after two years of undercover work, he’d been wounded. He had redirected every conversation John had tried to start about it. But he’d winced when they’d hugged, and John hadn’t tried after.
“Oh, did you wash your season four gowns again, Latrice?” She-lock says, and turns around before she can reply. Time for a few more hours in bed, then. What a waste.
John’s jaw drops. That git is not seriously suggesting they go through with this lunacy, is he? The case is solved, he’s not staying here for one more minute.
John glances around the room. The three bodyguards are definitely armed, with multiple guns, it seems. The women probably have small knives or guns attached to their thighs, judging by the outline of their dresses. They’re outnumbered. Though it’s not the first time that’s happened, of course.
“Have a seat. I’ll make… fresh tea,” Sherlock gestures toward the small wooden table where the tea leaves are still resting at the bottom of a cup. John looks at them, brows drawn.
John doesn’t know how she managed to finish her garments while sleeping half the time, but they do look amazing. Dimm-cock regards John smugly.
“It's more than that, John.” Sherlock stretches his knees now. He's all legs and arms. “Our would-be victim is not just any around-the-corner gay bachelor. He's a celebrity doctor, a famous surgeon, apparently, named Jonathan Wilson.”
“I was introduced to him by one of them, Mike Stamford. Then I saw how close he was to his landlady, Mrs Hudson, like a mother almost. You’ve just met detective inspector Lestrade, who called for his help on many occasions and told me right off the bat how great he was. And of course there’s Molly -”
“Then”, John raises his voice. Sherlock stares at his hands. Sandy laughs nervously. Everyone else's eyes are fixed on him. “Then you invite him here, supposedly to say thanks. You invite me, and a date, to humiliate him.”
Jonathan points to a picture of Eurus on the mantle. “This pic has to go, too. It’s jamming your style.”
“No.” She-lock holds her hand up. This is not on John, but on her. She shouldn’t have let herself be distracted. Love is a chemical defect found on the losing side. Like Color Evolution makeup. She-lock should know better by now.
“What did you do?” John shouts, panicking as the laser beam starts moving slowly up between Sherlock’s legs again, cutting the table in half.
“... A real prodigy. Excuse me, I have to go,” Sherlock says, backing up. “Still have to iron my tippet before the service. The archbishop borrowed it. For a Halloween party.”
“... get outta here, Sherlock”, he hears Victor say. Does Sherlock need his help? And are they standing very close?
The man is showing him the small platform where he’s about to stand on, a tiny hydraulic lift designed to make it seem like he’s flying.
Sherlock puts down his fork, and waits before continuing. “I just wanted to... thank you for everything you’ve done.”
Sherlock finally pulls John’s trousers and pants all the way off and tosses them on the floor. He crawls onto the bed, between John’s spread legs. John looks back at him. It’s an odd sight. Sherlock, fully dressed still in his dancing clothes and Belstaff, crouching over him like he’s a murder victim.
The junkie puts his hand inside a tattered mattress that’s turned up against the wall, and digs out a staggering amount of makeup supplies. Not an
Moriarty smiles like the Cheshire Cat and caresses the laser. “I really wanted to try this new toy. It’s not personal. It’s the future. And you’re… not.”
Sherlock finishes his tea. Because these oddly dressed children hate the taste of tea, they’ve agreed that ‘Monsieur Cherverrou’ should be the one to do the drinking.
“Victor...”, he hears Sherlock's softest voice he's ever heard. Like velvet. Like a knife cutting through velvet. Is he
Meanwhile, Karamo is studying the knife on the mantle, next to Billy the skull. He turns around to Sherlock, smiling broadly. “You ain’t fooling anybody, you’re into some freaky shit!”
As if he’s underwater, and someone is calling him, that’s how a distant voice enters John’s sleepy brain. He opens his eyes, and is scared to death.
So now John was sat here. He’d put aside all his anger, to come and check. And hell, underneath that wig and beard, yes, perhaps Sherlock looked skinny, but he always had, hadn’t he? He’d looked at the hands that were holding his. They were soft. Immaculate. No new puncture marks on the arms.
“No, you’re open to massages,” John says, then immediately closes his mouth and clears his throat. “Besides, I’m not too keen on mud treatments. Got enough of them during my army days.”
Sherlock looks down and sighs. He feels… he can’t possibly say what he feels. Best get on with it. He takes a portion of his cure, and rubs the blood on his arm.
“Okay, now, take my penis in your hand,” John instructs. Why is it so hard to say those words? (Why is it so hard?)
He rubs his neck, and moves to sit back next to the prostitute, who’s staring at them utterly dumbfounded.
press his lips against the scar in Sherlock’s neck. He dares not remove them. If he removes his lips, it becomes a kiss. Now it is just this - a connection. Sealed.
John approaches the castle, and lingers near the entrance as the Alices shove the cart into a doorway, closing the door behind them. John runs up to it, and tries the handle. Locked. There’s a sign on the door -
Sherlock looks briefly at John’s cock. His hands are still tightly clutched around his trousers, like he’s latched on and not about to let go. John considers zipping up again and abandoning all together. Perhaps Sherlock is not ready after all. This is all a bit much. Sherlock can talk a big game all he wants, it’s still very different from actually looking an actual penis in its glistening eye.
Christ. Drag queens bragging about dicks? John manages the final few inches to the workstation. She-lock helps him take off the shoes, like a reverse Cinderella. It definitely did not fit.
Walking back, She-lock can’t help but replay the conversation in her mind. Is John… interested in her?
However, they never wore them the way She-lock wears heels. It elevates her, it emphasises her grace, it makes her legs look… John swallows.
Brilliant disguise, perhaps, Sherlock can’t help feeling a little proud. The wig is only washed bi-monthly, for a more authentic effect. And smell.
“No, thank you, I’m good on all my blackmail,” John turns to his desk, looking to assemble her clothes. They must be somewhere in this office. “Now if you’ll please…”
He glances at John, who’s sitting a few feet away, watching the stationary Eurostar from the bushes. He told him to check if there were any other people leaving the train. In which case, they’d really have to make a run for it.
John bends forward and presses his lips to Sherlock’s nape. Tenderly he explores the soft skin, while still rubbing his fingers on the back of Sherlock’s head. He sticks out his tongue, and very lightly, very slowly licks along Sherlock’s neck.
“Oh, I see,” Phi Phi smiles. “He wouldn’t touch you either, eh? Let me guess. You invited him to your room, and you tried to get trade? And he said no because he could smell the desperation on you?”
Is that John ‘falling’ into Sherlock’s body? If Sherlock is inside John’s, that would make sense. However, it’s slightly inconvenient if one’s body is standing on the edge of a strikingly tall building.
“What -” he stammers. John looks him up and down. There's clearly a blush creeping up to his ears, and yes, something pokes from Sherlock's pajama pants. He's erect, and god, by the looks of it, it must be
The Lair is big and dark; searching it should take Moriarty a while. He appears to be unarmed and alone. If only John can untie Sherlock quickly, they can easily overpower him.
Behind him, John hears Sherlock puff and grunt as he moves faster and faster, the slick noises of spit and precome getting smeared by the palm of a hand.
“Deep exploration is advised,” Sholto says. “Though be aware of the possibility of friendly fire. Take out the enemy’s soldiers.”
It’s as if John is deducing the world around him by pointing out the obvious, and yet revealing it to Sherlock in wholly new ways.
Almost automatically, his hands travel down to his balls. He needs to wash them, after all. And soap them thoroughly.
Some of the German tourists have started watching him as if he’s performing a play. John tries to shoo them with a hand gesture.
Sherlock carefully nods. While looking him straight in the eyes, Sherlock wriggles his left hand down in the tight spot between them. Slowly, he pulls down John’s zipper, not even batting an eyelid.
Charles and Phil make an odd couple, one being skinny and wooden, the other a towering green giant, more Hulk than Elphaba. And it’s not cute in a
Ugh. She just won’t shut up about Canada, where she’s from. Brooklyn, Canada? She-lock rolls her eyes.
“Sherlock, I don’t care,” Jonathan interrupts. “Everyone has done things they regret. The point is in trying to be better. Even if it’s with ups and downs. And if we do start something together after this show, away from the cameras and escaped zoo animals… I would like the problems of your future to be my privilege.”
Keeping himself upright with one arm, he uses the other to feel Wilson’s pulse and check his breathing.
“Oh, and I didn’t even bring my background dancer this time,” Trixie continues, “Kennedy Davenport.”
Sherlock blinks to his book, then closes it, turns off the desk lamp and goes to the bathroom. Once more John is resigned to listening to the sounds of water flowing.
They stand awkwardly, while Mike Stamford gets powdered again to reshoot his introduction. Nearby, Jonathan smiles at them. Well. At Sherlock.
“Thank you for bringing breakfast to my room,” John says, motioning to all the things he is not hungry for.
Also, I’ve had AMAZING readers who blew me away with each comment. And yes, I feel sad that it's over... There is nothing, nothing that compares to the high of writing and sharing fic. I’ve learned so much about writing, about myself, about these characters we all love. I hope this ending will be satisfying for all of you who’ve been along for this amazing ride <3
He looks up, and takes a step closer to Sherlock. He needs to start living his truth. Whatever Sherlock’s answer may be. No more games.
John Watson seems to consider this reply quietly, and She-lock turns back to her sequins and hot glue. It’s not exactly about the money, of course. Her family is quite well-off, and though she wants to provide for herself, she knows there’ll always be a safety net to fall back on. Even if they don’t necessarily agree with her life choices.
Ru laughs. “Yes, I love how you turned Mr Watson into a lesbian butch queen. Very interesting. Great job.”
Sherlock stands up and rolls up the sleeves of his tight, purple shirt. As if he's going boxing. John stares at his long, pale underarms, with its occasional bruises and, higher up, hidden in the fold, old needle traces. It's an unwritten agreement that John never mentions them, unless new ones appear. Then he'd grab his arm, pinch it, make it better.
me. We've agreed the best way to find out who sent the threatening note is if I go undercover on the show. As one of the suitors.”
“Someone’s got a video call,” Alaska says. She and Sharon are staring at the screen, while the others come closer.
“I’d correct ‘YouTube stars’ to ‘Viceland stars’ but that feels a bit like reading myself,” Trixie Mattel says, whose makeup John could only describe as the love child of Barbie and… Chuckie. “But I’m happy to be back in All Stars! I love judging people.”
Sherlock glances back at John. “Oh thank god,” he mumbles. “Make it French toast. For two. And maybe no yogurt. And very black coffee but also with two sugars. And chocolate milk.”
“Because, Sherlock Holmes, you lovely, posh, amazing madman. I am not Victor Trevor. I am John Watson, and I am madly and irrevocably in love with you.”
-Boob lipstick: a lipstick with a bottom queen’s name on. On All Stars, the top two queens choose such a lipstick before they lip-sync, deciding who goes home (instead of Ru deciding)
- right. She-lock tries to get better at learning names. Apparently, it gets you so-called sympathy points from viewers. Tedious. Nobody should be expected to know all the judges’ names anyway.
, and he’s only looking for fame. We can’t allow him to win this thing. Moreover, I just can’t be sent home now. I’m very close to cracking this case, John. The only logical conclusion is, I have to go to lengths David isn’t willing to go to.”
John feels heat radiating off Sherlock. He slowly slips further, not daring to use any more fingers but one.
Sherlock moves the piece for him. They’re sitting in 221B, and Mycroft has agreed to play chess with him, blindfolded. “To level the playing field,” he’d said. Smug bastard. Having to actually look at his brother - that’s the true player’s handicap.
“Have you figured it out yet?” She asks. Sherlock doesn’t reply. “Tut tut tut. Sooooo disappointing,” she sings.
“I'll assume you're Daddy”, Sherlock says, without missing a beat, staring at Sam. Victor about chokes on a shrimp.
Sherlock looks offended and opens his mouth to reply, but she disappears back into the crowd. John looks at the glass.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock. Television show or not, you’re getting married tomorrow. We really shouldn’t.”
She-lock just turns around and walks back to her work station. John tries to follow, but finds that without the adrenalin, walking in heels is a lot harder. A. Bloody. Lot. It seems like his ankle is constantly threatening to kill itself, while his toes scream for sweet release. He must look like a right tit, jiggling all over the work room floor.
He ends the call immediately. He should have learned never to pick up the phone for unknown numbers a long time ago.
Sherlock reminds himself to breathe. This is a normal, everyday situation in the life of Monsieur Cherverrou. He’s done dozens of these transactions. But what on earth would John be doing out this late, at the Southend fair?
“John, you are amazing, you are brilliant!” Sherlock shouts, giddy with joy. “That’s not a phone number, those are geographic coordinates.”
She-lock turns her back to him, so he can’t see her face. She mustn’t be caught doing something as pedestrian as - as smiling.
Undisturbed, She-lock continues. “... I turned Joan into a sexy lesbian cab driver, and myself into one of the victims, a lifestyle journalist dressed completely in pink. The red diamonds on my face represent blood, naturally. The larger, scattered diamonds on Joan’s dress represent the suicide pills.”
Abruptly, Sherlock pulls back, licking his lips and swallowing. He looks up. Like this is a videogame, and this is a task he has completed. He’s ready to go to the next level.
“It’s now time for the, eh, final farewell,” Sherlock says after everyone has shared the bread. “Though, how much of a farewell is death really? One must wonder…”
“I didn’t almost die because I didn’t stay put like I was told to,” John says, pulling down his trousers. “I almost died because I was playing a game I didn’t know all the rules to.”
John bounces back, next to Sherlock. But instead of talking, Sherlock stares at him intensely, at his face, down to his bloody Star Wars shirt, back to his neck, to his -
John glances at Sherlock. He feels oddly like his dad now, all built-up rage, trembling, and yet he has never felt further from his homophobic trashcan of a father than in this very moment.
“I'm James Weston, if anyone's interested”, John says. “Cheers”, he tells the butler, who's refilling his wine glass generously. He takes a sip of water, just to show he can, too. He's an adult. He's responsible.
Sherlock takes the potato. John stares at Sarah's potato. It's half eaten already. It doesn't look too appetizing anymore.
John’s eyes open at once. She-lock gasps - in this light, they are the dark blue of quiet oceans, disturbed only by a devastating splash of green in the middle. All the best parts of the Nyx Ultimate Shadow Palette, distilled into two eyes.
“A two,” Mycroft mumbles, getting up to leave. “The government is not your birthday party planner, Sherlock.”
In the words of my wonderful beta 88thparallel: "My heart just gave its letter of resignation and is packing up its desk."
Sherlock weighs his options. Working together with Moriarty and Mary? The thought alone repels him. But he glances at his own body, sitting miserably nearby. John. He deserves to be returned to his rightful… palace. Absentmindedly, Sherlock rubs John’s chest. He’ll miss this. Seeing this in the morning, in bed. Granted, not next to him. But… closer. More intimate.
“Try not to solve tonight's case before the first course is served, Shirly”, Sarah jokes, but sees the look in his eyes and immediately corrects herself. “Sherlock”, she says quickly. John puts his hand on her lower back.
“Sorry, boys,” she says, “since our production schedule was moved due to the police investigation, the hotel couldn’t hold our rooms anymore. They’ve only got two left. One is for Jonathan, obviously, and since it would be unfair to stack either of you with him, you will have to share a room. Will that be a problem?”
“Not the money, he's a surgeon, remember,” Sherlock says. “No gambling debts, no family members in trouble, he's entirely clean. So. Perhaps they somehow tricked him into this, made him sign a contract, and now he's trying to get out of it. There's nothing quite like death threats to get out of something tedious.”
The group of four opens as if Mozes has split the sea. Curiously they scan John, then Sarah. Sherlock they ignore importunately. Sebastian points to a woman whose dark blue dress is cut so low that John thinks he can distinguish the point where her back ends and the curvature of her behind starts. He tries not to stare.
The door leads into a hallway, back to the vicar’s private rooms. Sherlock leans against the wall, panting, shaking. Suddenly, Mycroft rushes in and takes him by the shoulders.
Sherlock is writhing around John's finger, pushing back a little himself. After a few minutes of pumping in and out of Sherlock, he adds another finger. “Yes”, Sherlock groans. “Victor would twist his fingers inside of me, roughly, telling me how beautiful I was.”
“Fashion show!” Bobby yells, puts on John’s white cable-knit jumper, and follows Jonathan downstairs.
“I will solve the case on air”, Sherlock says, “I will have the murderer arrested, and leave the show. It'll be good for ratings.”
Yes. Transport sputtering to an unexpected sticky halt at times. John’s mind flashes back to last night, to Sherlock gripping his arms tightly, nails digging in, moaning, coming hard in his pants.
Sherlock keeps his eyes closed, his trembling hands in John’s, as John gently kisses the salt off his cheek. Sherlock moves his head slightly, and John’s lips finally touch his, a soothing warmth in the empty grave that is a church.
“Each suitor will explore a different area of the park with Doctor Wilson. You each get thirty minutes to convince him you’re the one,” Mary says. “Make it count, because afterwards we will have an immediate rose ceremony.”
“Exactly.” She-lock leans backward. Her dressing gown rides up, revealing even more of those long, smooth legs to John. “And yet. The order of eliminations has been posted to Reddit. Just like on All Stars 2, by an ex of Alaska. History repeating itself...”
“I’ve been in here since they filmed season 11,” Shangela says. “I was ready to take down that fake-ass Queen of the North Brooke Lynn but the lid got stuck. Bitches, you know I
“Me too. Besides, we thought there weren’t enough white people yet” Katya says, her Russian accent now completely gone.
“She’s too old to be a twink,” Dimmock says. “Nice dressing gown, by the way. Very #BedBathAndBeyoncé.”
… I can hear your awful pleading for my life! I hadn’t slept, so I made this foolish plan to come to the funeral and see if you will…” Sherlock looks up. “If you’d be ok.”
Sherlock reaches his hands up to John’s shoulders. Now it’s John’s turn to moan, remembering Sherlock’s electric touch the night before. Encouraged by this, Sherlock starts tracing up and down John’s chest, then reaches around and over his back, picking up speed, enclosing him with desperate arms.
“Just tell it to us straight,” Bobby says, adjusting his sunglasses. “Are we fixing Charles and Camilla? ‘Cause I’m going to need a raise and a larger gap between seasons.”
John falls quiet at once. His jaw still open, his eyes travel down his own body, in which Sherlock’s brain is in alarm phase three.
“Mr Holmes is ready for you now,” the secretary says. She pushes a button and with a buzz, the door to his office opens.
She-lock opens her eyes, and finds John in exactly the same way he fell asleep - one bud in his ear to listen to the song, one hand open and inviting on the pillow between them. Almost like a baby falls asleep. The bedside table lights are still on, but the song has long stopped playing - She-lock turned it off after John fell asleep.
“Do you think Sherlock’s actually into John?” Bobby asks, a bit unsure. “There’s now… only one bed.”
She walks on, excited to discover a little bit of Poirot inside her. It’s been a long time since anything was inside her, really. “Next up, Phi Phi. A pageant queen: she only plays mind games. Frankly, I don’t deem her smart enough to do this,
It starts with the knocker on the front door. It’s slightly crooked. John frowns. It hasn’t been crooked in two years now.
His belly touches Sherlock’s back now. His hips, he keeps carefully turned away from Sherlock’s behind. He doesn’t want any awkward erections suddenly rearing their ugly head. He just wants to -
The man himself, meanwhile, is not talking to him. After last night’s rose ceremony, Sherlock was obligated to do interviews, provide soundbites, engage in photoshoots. They kept the candidates awake for hours and hours, hoping they’d say something mean about the others (they’d have a harder time provoking a kind word from Sherlock). John didn’t stay for the circus, but retired early.
“Fuck,” John says, as an orgasm overtakes him as well. John keeps jerking them both through their aftershocks - have those always felt this intense? - while Sherlock shakingly holds onto his shoulders. He grunts. It’s John,
The sight leaves John temporarily speechless. His skin is like the cracked surface of an icy lake, milky lines stumbling over each other, creating a sinister chess board. His hand, pulling Sherlock’s robe back, freezes. The fist of his other hand clenches.
Sherlock is trying to unbutton John’s trousers. John gives the button a little nudge. It pops like an answered question.
It’s just too early in the morning to deal with this kind of nonsense right now. Surely not before his first cup of tea. So John takes Sherlock by the arm, pushes him to the balcony and closes the glass doors.
Of course, right at that moment, Phi Phi walks by, and stops in her tracks. She throws a long, haughty look at Watson.
“Yes?” Sherlock leans forward, almost crossing the small space between them over the wonky wooden table. If there was ever an inner voice telling him to hide his enthusiasm about murder, it is now long silenced.
“Do you understand now, Doctor Watson? During the next rose ceremony, when Jonathan is about to boot Bainbridge, you’re going to step up and tell them you’re quitting the competition. Then you’ll go home, back to Baker Street. Just leave Sherlock here, alone.”
“Next thing you know we’re going to be finding Dita Von Teese’s body in the Gold Bar,” She-lock mumbles.
“Water is precious and therefore rationed,” Sholto says. “And must not be dispensed lavishly, however hot it gets.”
As he drags the suitcase and overnight bag after him through another field, John smiles. “My education pretty much stopped at ‘
“Miss Vanjie,” She-lock says, looking a tiny man in heels up and down. “Your wigs are looser than Brooke Lynn’s arsehole. Have you been using Roxxy Andrews’ wig glue?”
Sherlock looks up, his cold mask slipping. And suddenly John sees the situation for what it is: in front of him, an insecure man, who never knew sober love, thinking this perhaps really
Also, John had only done it to transfer part of his own lipstick to She-lock’s bare lips. Helping out a mate, as one does.
“Glad you dodged the bullet”, Victor says, and he winks at him with one of those half-smiles like he's Katie fucking Holmes in Dawson's Creek or something. John's fist clenches. He hides it under the table.
Mycroft stands up, grabs a file from his desk and moves to the left wall. There, he opens the large cupboard and pushes a hidden button. The back of it starts shifting, revealing a hidden doorway.
He smiles reassuringly, but the moon is shaded again, and the darkness is a hot and heavy blanket. John puts his feet back into his slippers, and ascends the stairs, shedding its weight. During the night, time seems to be shaped differently, and it's as if the world is inside out.
“Now that I think about it, that could very well be,” Wilkes says. “He was always a right weirdo, that guy. A deviant in more than one sense, if you get my drift. A freak, and a fa--”
John turns off the faucet and removes Sebastian's envelope from his back pocket. It contains his character description, as well as some clues which he could drop during conversations, if the right questions are asked.
John fumbles blindly into the Dalmatians rucksack to quickly turn it off, never allowing his eyes to leave Sherlock’s face, who sits unmoving, eyes shut.
So he’d traveled to Southend, bought chips and vinegar, casually walked past the booth in broad daylight. There wasn’t anyone in. He’d waited until the evening fell and sat watching from a nearby bench. Saw a tall old man begrudgingly talk to other fair folks. Open his shop to customers.
“Do you think you can win this?” captain Watson asks, seemingly determined to push further. “The competition is strong, I hear.”
He turns to a nearby table, where there’s a single red rose and a large bottle of rose scented massage oil. He pours some of it on Sherlock’s back, and rubs some oil between his hands, slowly heating them against each other.
The man, a balding gentleman, is so professional not to react and refills the glasses of Sherlock's former uni friends. They were already empty, even though they can't have been here long, because one of them put a wet umbrella near the door and it has only just started raining. John smiles. He has only lived with Sherlock shortly and he's already picking up some deduction skills himself.
“What?” John says, scratching his head. He feels like he just got shot in the heart. He should be falling backwards. He looks at Sherlock. He wants to fall forwards, so badly.
“Please, have an amuse-bouche, everyone”, Sebastian says. “It's salmon with avocado, fresh goat cheese, some sour cream, herbs and at least one secret ingredient.” He smiles broadly.
He looks at those translucent blue eyes, that are now staring back so intensely. Beard or no beard, that is unmistakably Sherlock.
“I know we never really talked about this but… After you died, the media were relentless. They called me endlessly. About how you were a fake, how you made up cases for attention, asking me if we were shagging. They were nasty, Sherlock.”
John moves to rest on his knees, grabs Sherlock’s limp hand and pulls it up to his mouth. He waits, and searches Sherlock’s face, looking for signs of revulsion. For a moment, he wishes he had Sherlock’s deduction skills.
“I want to give you the confidence to get the F out of the closet,” Jonathan wastes no time beating around the bush, scissors in hand. They’re in a barber shop, and John is gripping the sides of his chair tightly, whitening his knuckles.
In front of her, John straightens his shoulders. She-lock follows his cues - their dance instructor has appeared.
“Holmes-Watson,” the woman says, with as much sugar as she can still muster. “You’re in the Sleeping Beauty suite.”
“I was just tired from work, those two times” John tries to defend himself. Seeing the look in Sholto’s eyes, he stammers. “Sir, yes sir.”
John steps a bit closer and uses Sherlock’s long fingers to slide down his zipper. Slowly, he pushes down Sherlock’s underwear, and rubs his thumb over the huge cock’s tip, smearing the precum.
Jonathan takes the rose and looks at the two men before him. “Dear John, dear Stephen. I cannot say this was a difficult choice, today.”
“Yes, yes,” Sherlock waves his hand dismissively, still pacing back and forth. “He was my plant, of course, a longtime member of the homeless network. Let’s say the excuse that he left the show for drug-related reasons won’t be that far-fetched. But he was useful and slipped me observances about the other candidates when I was occupied elsewhere.”
I’ve seen a lot of musicals,” Jonathan says. “Enough for a lifetime. Yet, I always want to see more.”
Sherlock looks briefly at John and then at Jonathan. He puts his lips around the tip of the banana. John nearly spills his tea. What on earth is that madman playing at?
“You’re going to have to beat that face real hard to win, Shell-cock,” Phi Phi says, waiting a beat. “And that vet’s face too.”
“Perks of the job. Anyway, close that door, the light is giving me a headache and a tan. Bad for my reputation.”
I hear MF admitted to having perhaps read some fanfic. Martin, if you're reading this, my life will have been meaningful, and please enjoy. Don't be shy. Haha. Also: sorry.
“I grew up wealthy,” She-lock continues. “Little baby Sherlock, born with a silver spoon in his mouth.”
John frowns. Has She-lock been suffering from headaches? He stares from left to right, trying to work this out. She-lock rubs his shoulder reassuringly.
“That was close,” Sherlock says. He looks down at John’s hands, letting them hold each other. He loves the feeling, really. Holding John’s hands. In John’s hands. “And, by the way, John… You did… You were really n…”
When they’re close together once more, She-lock picks up the conversation. “It’s when queens imitate famous women during a parody of a show called ‘The Match Game’. I chose to do Margaret Thatcher. Thought I was a riot, but they called my performance busted. And ‘hard to make funny’. Who cares, the witch is dead.”
“Shut the fuck up with your no drag knowledge mouth,” She-lock adds with Alyssa Edwardian flair.“This is ridiculous.”
“Well, we’ve planted recording devices in every queen’s hotel room,” D.I. Dimmock says, pointing to the machinery in front of him. “In a place where they never look - the Bible on the nightstand. It’s hollowed out. In fact, when you walked in, we were just tuned into Miss Vanjie’s room. Get this: she’s having a visit… from Brooke Lynn. Escandalo!”
boner!” Sherlock complains. He’s not ever touching that thing again. They’re in a hospital, perhaps he can find a stoma somewhere…
That’s one erogenous zone down, then. Best leave the more obvious ones out of it, John thinks. Sherlock sure won’t be needing
“Molly is convinced that John is actually madly in love with Sherlock and wants us to give them both a little nudge in the right direction,” Karamo says. “Now, they already hang out a lot. John is a doctor and he works two days a week at a hospital. But apparently this Sherlock guy is a private detective and they spend most of their time solving cases together.”
John takes a step closer, and hesitantly lifts an arm. Sherlock sees how his own two hands reach out and touch John Watson’s side - something he has fantasised about, many times indeed. And now he’s not even there to feel it.
Soon, they’re all standing on Ru’s famous runway - Ru-nway? - where the dance practice will take place. All the queens are huddled in a row, with their assigned army veterans next to them. Except John, who’s awkwardly standing in front of She-lock like some sort of conjoined twin, attached at the bottom. She-lock frowns. Surely John is no bottom, though.
They ride the cab in complete silence, all three of them. Sarah sits between them and takes it all in stride, bless her. When they reach her address, she kisses Sherlock on the cheek, and to John's surprise, he lets her. He closes his eyes and allows her to kiss him, there, on his skin pale as ever. When she gets out the car, she dons a quick wave at John and closes the door.
“What are you doing here?” Mycroft hisses near a giant cross depicting a dying Jesus. With impressive abs, Sherlock notices.
The exact second the first pork and potato dish touches the table, John shoots upwards, straight as an arrow.
He can’t believe Mycroft made a deal with Eurostar to make the train do an emergency stop in the middle of a trip. He really is the most powerful man in Britain. ‘M’. John chuckles to himself.
looks. Near his collar, leading up to the back of his neck, there is a small red stain on his white blazer. Sherlock starts to straighten but John stops him.
It is unlike anything John has ever experienced. He knew his hole was sensitive, of course. He’s a doctor. He’s even had a prostate exam before. But this - this is like a hot sponge diving into his most private area. It’s almost a dirty act, a forbidden one. And the thought that Sherlock is pleasuring him there, longing to breach him with his tongue, eagerly playing with his entrance… God. John is rock hard, dripping onto the bed sheets beneath him.
First, they tape an extra scene with Mary and all the remaining suitors, to fit the murder case into the narrative of the show. By the time it airs, the public will definitely have heard about it. So they need a smooth transition.
Sherlock positions himself against John’s hole. He rubs the tip of his penis against it teasingly, entering a little, stretching the skin, then pulling out. John groans. It’s pure fucking majestic torture.
When John doesn’t reply, Sherlock turns around and goes to his bathroom. John sighs as he hears the shower running. Time to go back to his hotel room and catch a few hours of sleep yet.
John puts down his cup of tea. It shakes on its saucer. Hell. Sherlock is milking that banana for all it’s fucking worth.
All the alcohol’s heat rushes to Sherlock’s cheeks at once, as John starts unbuttoning his shirt. He stands tense, army-like.
Mycroft is seated in his large leather chair with his back to them, and slowly whirls it around, hands folded. Sherlock tries not to roll his eyes. Mycroft needs to stop channeling Bond villains, and perhaps focus on Judi Dench. Much more up his street.
“We’ll need to change, of course,” Sherlock says as John pulls into the Mayfair underground parking nearby.
Moriarty gives a tight smile and ignores the dig. “I knew you’d appreciate my attention to detail, Sherlock. It’s the famous industrial laser indeed, which emits an extraordinary light that can cut through metal. I’d like to see it cut all the way up this time. Consider it my own personal fix-it of the Bond stories.”
Sherlock thinks his heart has, right then and there, stopped beating forever. (Impossible. It stopped two years ago.)
Sherlock notices John’s fist is clenching, though the rest of his body is perfectly still. John breathes hard through his nose before resuming his speech.
“Too long I’ve been afraid of losing love I guess I’ve lost,” Sherlock mouths, and John can hear him softly singing along in his earphones. He knows this music better than he let on.
Last but not least, I want to thank you all for reading. It's been a blast sharing this with you! Next update: Thursday.
“We’ll have to change inside the car, John,” Sherlock slurs with plastic in his mouth. “To remain inconssssspicuous.”
Jonathan Wilson sits at the end of the table, flanked on each side by David and Sherlock. John made sure to sit on Sherlock’s right side, so he can help him if he needs it. Across from him, Magnussen is smirking. Opposite Wilson, awkwardly close together, sit Jonathan Smalls and Stephen Bainbridge.
John gets up so fast that his chair falls backwards on the wooden, expensive floor. He hits his fist on the table, and stares at it.
If Magnussen prints articles about what’s been going on between John and Sherlock on set, it will ruin every chance Sherlock has with Jonathan. John can’t let that happen.
He straightens his back, and, staring levelly at the wall in front of him, he slowly unzips John’s trousers, reaches in…
He pushes his hips forward again, while John moves closer, almost hugging him against the wall. Can’t think about that, however, because a soft, warm hand closes around his cock and moves slowly upwards, dragging out the single most wonderful wank Sherlock has ever felt.
He runs inside the hospital and pushes the lift buttons. Too slow, too slow. His body could be falling right now. He’d be stuck inside John forever. And not in the way he’s always dreamed of.
John leaves the coat hanging, and slowly takes the steps up to 221B, one by one. His arms feel like sandbags hanging off his body. He’s trying to be rational about this. But when he reaches his flat, his breath cuts off.
“I know you are grieving,” Sherlock says, desperate for words. “And I can’t say anything to make the pain less.”
Yes, John should definitely be careful. First times are important. He knows he thought the first girl he would be with, should be special. Didn’t care so much about girls number two, three through seven, really. But that first one sticks with you, doesn’t it? That’s why he waited until seventeen until he went there, with a girl he really had a crush on. His first love.
“I didn’t mean for this to happen!” John says, looking apologetic. “It’s involuntarily. Something must have set it off.”
Okay, Sherlock’s got him there. And they’ve been fighting. If this is what he wants… John might as well humor him. He squares his shoulders.
Sherlock smiles. Jonathan puts his hand on the small of his back as he guides him into the front car. They’re the only visitors in the park today, so they can have the best spots. Attached to the front of the coaster, a modified GoPro will register their reactions. John also has a live stream for that one, on a different monitor. He’ll need a private recording of it later. It will be a hit at Scotland Yard parties.
After a few heavy seconds, he takes John’s right hand and gently moves it to his mouth. Gingerly, he puts his lips over John’s index finger and sucks it. He slides his tongue around the length of it - sucking the breath right out of John.
Moriarty screams and jerks back his hand. The trap is stuck to it like a mousetrap to a rat. John quickly grabs Moriarty’s other wrist and smacks the gun away, then elbows Moriarty in the face.
A silence falls between them. “Also, Lestrade called,” John says. “Sharon’s still handcuffed in the station, he needs the keys from your bra.”
John has seen the battlefield. War, blood, death. Sherlock without three days’ sleep. But this does look scarier than anything to him: stylish suits hanging everywhere, in daring colors, with actual
“Jonathan Smalls did stab Wiggins, that much is clear,” Sherlock says. “But only because Wiggins found out about his affair with Bainbridge. Wiggins walked in on them while he was…”
Sherlock pulls back a little, panting. John can’t help it - he raises his bum, like a right slut. Chasing that hot sensation.
Sherlock slips under the sheets and immediately turns to his left side, away from John. With a tiny sigh, he turns off the last night lamp.
“No. Mycroft called me yesterday with updates. We’re close. Everything is under control,” Sherlock says, folding his hands in front of his face. He looks up at John.
John tries to stand, but his legs shake too hard. In the corner of his eye, in the middle of the room, he can see a gun lying. It must be Lestrade’s. If he could only, without anyone noticing, crawl over to it. He groans and tries to focus on breathing.
John laughs with playful suspicion, but doesn’t reply. Instead, he starts walking around the suite, opening drawers and cupboards, making exclamations and naming the things he sees. “This is stunning, wow, look at these drawings of Sleeping Beauty. Are they original? There’s
Sherlock's knuckles are blanched as he grips four water bottles close to his chest. He's refusing to put them in the shopping cart, again. John glares at him. Somehow it irks him when Sherlock tries his best – helps to carry stuff, holds a door open, accompanies him to the store. He didn't use to do that. But ever since he returned about six months ago, after more than two years of pretending to be dead, he's been almost
“I’ve heard that word before but… really, I have no clue what you’re talking about. Is it like French tucking? I’ve seen a few episodes of Queer Eye… while I was unemployed.”
“I imagine it’s the last day for you,” she says, bluntly. “Oh, don’t look at me like that. I mean it in a good way!”
As a staff member guides them to their room, a man dressed as Goofy waves at them. Sherlock grinds his teeth. Utterly. Humiliating.
“Drag and lip synching. Is RuPaul’s body hidden in the airing cupboard?”, Sherlock says, adjusting his skirt.
The following Saturday, Sherlock and John arrive outside Mycroft’s office. It’s the sixth of July, one day before John’s birthday. Sherlock smiles happily to himself. John doesn’t suspect a thing - he probably assumes Sherlock doesn’t do celebrations. Rightfully so. Except, this is John. And he deserves the best.
Sherlock, meanwhile, has caught on and starts mimicking John’s movements on Jonathan’s hand. Slowly tracing along it.
John frowns. Still, doing the teaching himself feels like a step too far. Can’t they just watch a video together?
But Sherlock leaves him standing there, holding his glass like a boyfriend carrying shopping bags at the mall, and hops over to where Jonathan and Magnussen are talking. Then, Sherlock grabs Jonathan and pulls him to the dance floor.
“It’s a three hour train ride,” Sherlock says. “We’ll take turns napping while the other watches the bags.”
“The cameramen are on their lunch break, so now is the time,” Phi Phi explains. “Don’t take my insults personally, I’m just trying to maintain my image.”
beers earlier, sure they’re helping him ease into it. Helping him adjust to the awkward feeling, and occasional bit of pain.
“Come on John. It's okay, we can go”, he says, but his voice is slightly unsteady, and it just about breaks John.
Sherlock, it seems, can’t say a word, he can only lower his head onto John’s shoulder, hiding it, where he cries. His head shakes, and he cries and cries.
“This is a very sensitive area,” John says, fingertips exploring Sherlock’s long, pale neck, which is so exposed he seems almost breakable. John moves to the back and rubs his fingernails along Sherlock’s hairline, then softly combs through his curls.
When they reach the ground, Sherlock unlocks himself with shaky hands. They look up, and on the balcony, two men from the Gold room are looking down at them, guns in their hands.
Then, Sherlock locks eyes with John. He downs the red cocktail in one go, and pushes the empty glass in John’s hand.
He’s exhausted from the long run upstairs, yet thrilled. Happy. He solved the case. He’s going to save everyone. They can go home, perhaps.
Mycroft sighs and turns to the crowd. “Well, you’ve already talked to the press, so the damage is done. Now make the most of it. Or I’ll
Confusion crosses John’s face for an unbearable instant. Has Sherlock overplayed his hand? But then Sherlock can see his jaw resetting, determinedly, before John stretches his arms on the table. Palms up.
Then, of course, Victor is smart, he was at university, studying alongside Sherlock. He must like people who are intelligent.
Sherlock looks up, almost business-like, as if they’re talking about a deal. John stares for a few seconds.
And just like that, it goes flaccid - it even tries to retreat back into John’s body, Sherlock notes. He quickly zips up, washes his hands and leaves the bathroom, his former body following in his wake.
one of the suitors or crew is genuinely after Wilson's life, in which case we need Wilson to act naturally or else we give away our game of being onto the killer. Or, third option, Wilson himself wrote the note.”
Near John’s left shoulder, the bullet wound scar has healed rather clumsily - clearly treated in a battlefield hospital setting with limited resources. From what Sherlock read in John’s military file - Mycroft has his uses sometimes - a wounded John had carried a soldier over his other shoulder, to safety, before collapsing from blood loss and sheer agony.
Moriarty keeps the gun pointed at John while bending down to sniff Sherlock’s fingers. “His hands still smell like lavender.”
She-lock throws him a murderous look. And she knows Murder. Oh, does she. She’s a professional. Murder is to her what Cher is to Chad Michaels.
“Don’t call me love,” Vanjie says. “We’re not in a mothertucking fanfiction. Did you bring your post-its, bitch? That’s what I thought. I don’t need to be judged by you. Now, press those lips close like a toaster oven. I can see your cliffhangers from here.”
It takes a few more minutes until Sherlock joins them at the table. Maybe he was adjusting his pants, trying to hide his boner, John's mind unhelpfully supplies.
They spend the rest of the evening ordering room service, watching terrible French game shows and ranking old Disney movies from ‘passable’ to ‘unbearable’. John finds a bottle of Kina Lillet in the fridge, and soon, a soothing buzz fills Sherlock’s head.
John laughs shortly, and reaches into one of the bathroom cabinets, pulling out a bottle of lube. “I’ll do yours and you do mine. In a manner of speaking, they’re ours anyway.”
“Jinkx Monsoon, I don’t give a damn what BenDeLa says to me, I make the executive decisions here. And your black and white reinterpretation of Detox’s classic look, making it even more classic, was brilliant. Alaska, your trash reinterpretation of all your previous trashy looks, smelled like triumph to me. She-lock, your London crime-inspired drag was criminally beautiful, and your solving of the case had the judges detecting some winning qualities. Alaska…”
She-lock heads to her work station. They shouldn’t be wasting time. She already has some ideas, and brought two matching drag outfits to prepare for this challenge. But there’s a lot to be done. She should take measurements, pick out accessories, perhaps already mention shaving to prepare this Watson mentally,...
Sherlock closes his eyes and mumbles in a mixture of Russian, Mandarin and Serbian he picked up in the past couple of years. Always does the trick with these sessions.
“Don’t mind Sharon,” She-lock says. “She’s just jealous because she thinks I’m her biggest competition here, since we both do druggie drag. Junkie glam. She’s hated me ever since The Princess followed me on Instagram.”
“He was an army doctor before he worked here,” John helpfully provides. “Saved a lot of lives in Afghanistan. He wouldn’t tell you himself, though. He’s very modest.”
Magnussen’s tongue slightly traces John’s earlobe. Is he imagining this? A cold chill runs down John’s spine. His stomach turns.
Moriarty laughs, mad as a hatter. “How touching.” He steps closer. “Speaking of touching… Did you like my little gift?”
When they arrive at the hospital where John works as a general practitioner, a blonde women steps up to greet them.
His next victim is the smallest man of the bunch, an short man with teal-dyed hair, who’s so far done nothing but glaring.
“What? No it’s not,” Sherlock laughs nervously. “It’s really not. Moriarty’s dead. I saw him shoot his own brains-”
Suddenly, John feels bad. She-lock is incriminating herself with these words. And yet. The way she sits there, face only half lit, a deep sadness in her eyes - John is sure of it. She cannot be the one they’re after.
He focuses on the reality in front of him. The secretary’s skirt is so tight that John’s pretty sure a student could do maths homework on those curves.
“Don’t! You’ll contaminate the evidence!” John blurts. He can’t help himself: he’s been working for the Yard too long now, examining bodies in the morgue. He knows the procedure, they should lock this place down, look for fingerprints, take samples…
“Errr…” John starts, glancing at Irene, who’s near the X-ray lightbox now. She’s hanging something on top of it.
Sherlock is staring at the entrance of the hotel where the woman just dropped them off. John lifts his eyebrows.
John, meanwhile, is in a short black dress with rather butch accents at the top, almost uniform-style buttons and shoulder pads, but still very feminine around the waist. The detail on the dress is incredible, with hand-sewn diamond droplets, in the color pink to match She-locks outfit. John’s pussycat wig is rather short, grey, with a black and pink cap on top. She-lock made him wear hip pads, and admittedly, they look amazingly feminine.
“Every spy needs a... satisfying ride,” Mycroft’s secretary says as she leads Sherlock and John to the agency’s garage.
“Now, I ask you for one last miracle,” Sherlock says. “I ask you to see this television show through with me. It’s only one and a half more episodes. You get a final date with Jonathan, so does David, and then the finale. Will you do this for me?”
John brushes his teeth, showers, puts on clothes, makes a little too much tea. As if he is performing in a play about his life, acting normal.
“Right, I’m in,” Q says. His voice sounds strained, as if he’s actually exercising and not hacking into the Mickey wifi.
“In a good way, I mean. You’re surprisingly good at this deduction stuff. If you ever want to start on your own…” Lestrade teases.
“I saw your little John come out of your room with you,” Phi Phi repeats, smiling. “Have you been teaching him how to tuck?”
Jonathan Wilson is without doubt a better man for Sherlock anyway. Someone he doesn’t share a troubled past with. An interesting man, ten times the doctor John ever was, someone who can share the spotlight with Sherlock instead of standing in its shade.
“Good,” John says. He softly licks Sherlock’s upper lip, like a question. Sherlock opens his mouth and suddenly, their tongues meet. Holy shit. It’s nearly too much - it’s nearly indecent - and John wraps his arms around Sherlock’s waist and almost
-The Gold Bar: one of the backstage areas where they filmed the behind the scenes spinoff show ‘untucked’ for a couple of years. One time, Dita Von Teese was a guest there but the queens were too busy fighting in the other room to notice. It was hilarious
“Now, She-lock from the House of Holmes,” Ru announces. “And her drag sister, Joan Pads-on. Where did you get the inspiration for your outfits?”
“So you don’t know where he is, or how long he’s been missing,” Sherlock says icily. “You really are terrible at blind chess.”
For ten more long seconds, Sherlock stands blinking. Then, mechanically, he repeats: “It meant nothing.”
Mycroft cuts him off. “Doctor Watson, I am terribly concerned that I detect a coldness between you and Sherlock.”
“Did you bring anything of his, by any chance?” Sherlock asks. It is a reach. Probably not, but who knows.
supply of Anastasia Beverly Hills Cosmetics, a coveted spot in the Drag Race Hall of Fame, and a cash prize of one hundred thousand dollars.”
“I know we’re supposed to be competing today,” he says. “But I want you to know… I want you to be happy, and when you marry, you’ll have your best man standing right next to you.”
as much as a dress-up show, in which drag queens compete to be crowned this RuPaul Charles’ favourite. To be named ‘the future of drag’ - though John was barely aware that there’s a
John swallows. It’s weird to watch them standing there, actually. To any outsider, they’d look like mother and child. Like a normal family.
John gestures at Sherlock. They need to have a thorough talk about this. They walk into the main building of the Hyde Park Stables, and look for a private spot. They stumble inside an office, all wood and very much horse-themed, with saddles hanging from the walls, and an insane amount of decorative riding crops.
”, Sebastian insists. “Mom and Dad, I'm asking you, as your only son that's left, how are you feeling?”
“Victor would call me a fucking faggot”, Sherlock says, with a slight trace of bitterness in his voice, but also lust. “While fucking me hard against the headboard.”
John is not exactly in a position to say no: freshly invalided out of the army, he’d had little luck finding a job. But thanks to an old friend from medical school, he’d finally been accepted as an assistant to Philip Anderson, forensic scientist at Scotland Yard.
“Sorry, I only heard about pop culture four days ago. I only know twelve percent of Snatch Game impersonations - though to be fair, that is about as much as the audience knows. During this season’s Snatch Game episode they got mad at me for not knowing who ‘The Madonna’ was,” She-lock says, and turns again.
“Don’t talk about my mother when I’m like this,” Sherlock motions toward John’s leaking cock. Oh god. He should really avoid looking at it - that only seems to make it worse.
While moving up and down, Sherlock changes the position of his tongue, as if he’s trying to mentally map each inch of John’s cock. The tiny slurping sounds drive John nearly over the edge.
“I’m good, thanks. Not, eh, showing my hand yet,” John says as the woman next to him writes her number on his arm with lipstick.
Behind John, Magnussen has taken a tight grip on the reins and keeps up with Sherlock’s horse expertly, all while pushing into the horse’s sides with the tips of his shoes, in complete control.
“Out! We’ll not have this drama!” Miley says, smiling into the camera. “Oh no sir, not on RuPaul’s Drag Race!”
John stands up and paces to the window, then to Sherlock’s chair. He’s never felt this agitated. “We’ve always faced danger together, Sherlock! Always!”
John stares at his feet. So she did just give him her number, without ulterior motive. Well, at least not anything illegal.
The first notes of the song, ‘Buy me on iTunes’, are already playing. Oh sure, it suspiciously resembles the tune of ‘Main event’, but She-lock rolls with it. Her limbs find the rhythm, her lips find the words, as if on automatic pilot.
Moriarty approaches him. “You won’t mind if I search you first, right? Need to make sure you don’t carry a knife. I’d hate to lose a piranha to this.”
Sherlock is about to meet gay bachelor Jonathan Wilson as an undercover contestant. And John is alarmed: did Sherlock... actually dress up for the occasion?
As Sherlock startles awake, John jumps up to see where it came from. In that moment, he’s tackled from the back, and smacks hard against the small table.
“Army doctor,” Ru corrects. “And Michelle is just fine. There was just a little incident. But as I gather… Latrice Royale is already helping her.”
Sherlock turns around, reaches into his waistband and takes out a golden gun. John shakes his head in disbelief. How long had that been there? He is happy to see it though.
“What?” Sherlock pauses. Did John just… Ask to sleep with him? Or did he demonstrate his knowledge of the French phrase - to lure women? Did he have a French girlfriend when he was younger? (Is he very good at French kissing?)
“Well, I’m glad they replaced Merle with Michelle, because I fell asleep while Merle was talking. I always put her seasons on before bedtime. I certainly miss Santino, I could’ve made him come untucked with my drag. Ross Matthews is a bit harder. Literally, thankfully. And Carson is… Carson. I don’t like his daytime drag.”
He stops talking. She-lock takes a cloth and starts wiping the makeup off John’s face. He is slowly uncovered, like a hidden masterpiece underneath an old painting.
He follows the cameramen into Sherlock’s room, pushes them to the side. He feels like he’s walking into a soap opera scene: Sherlock has put an open suitcase on his bed and is moving his neatly folded shirts into it. He doesn’t look up at John, face calm, resigned. His fingers only slightly shaking.
Suddenly, the screen turns black. Everyone turns around. Near the power socket, John straightens and wipes his hands on his skirt.
For a short minute, the room is filled with steady wanking noises. Then, while pulling on his cock, Sherlock puts his other hand on John’s ass cheek. A tiny noise leaves Sherlock’s back throat, like a cry for help. He picks up speed. Meanwhile, his other hand travels down, forcefully pulling one cheek aside. Trying to get a glimpse -
On screen, Mycroft sighs. “I worry about him. Constantly. He has the brain of a philosopher and a scientist, yet he elects to be a drag queen.”
“What in gay hell is going on here?” Miss Vanjie says. “What’s the police doing here? That parking ticket was paid for; you have no jurisdiction here, bitch!”
Suddenly, a short alarm sounds through the park’s loudspeakers. Then, a female voice booms: “Attention to all visitors. It seems that our park’s gorilla Hamish has escaped his cage and is now wandering around the premises. Please, allow our park officials to escort you to the nearest building to take cover.”
“There’s always time for a cocktail,” Katya says, three cigarettes already perched between her lips.
Mycroft glares and points his iPhone at the speakers. ‘Time to Say Goodbye’ by Sarah Brightman and Andrea Bocelli.
John’s head is pounding with anger. How can Jonathan be so calm? Why did Sherlock choose to face a deadly opponent without him? What did Lestrade have to offer that John didn’t?
The title is a line from the musical Wicked. When Elphaba doesn't believe the love interest when he calls her beautiful - since she is green and all - he says, "It's not lying, it's looking at things another way". The first time I saw Wicked, that's one of the things that really made an impact on me. We all feel 'green' in a way, I suppose, we're all searching for someone to look past it. She says, nipping her scotch at the bar, holding her cigar, staring into the distance.
"Keep those catchphrases away from me, Jinkx," She-lock says. "Especially in the middle of the night."
Sherlock blinks rapidly. Nothing comes to mind. Usually, he has quite a tight control over his body. If something arouses him, he quickly looks away.
. The whole case will be solved before the theme song hits the screen. And we've been very low on clients, especially since you refuse to update your blog anymore. This could be good for business.”
“Well…,” John fills the silence, weighing his words carefully. “What do you usually do with an erection?”
He remembers the kiss. One of deep, passionate betrayal. What an idiot he was, thinking that out of the blue, like magic, Sherlock suddenly loved him. Allowing the kiss of Judas.
“Sarah”, John automatically corrects, even though he's probably just taking the bait. The rest of the allegation, however, he doesn't correct: dinner and a movie might be too old fashioned to impress women, getting kidnapped by an ancient Chinese crime syndicate is probably better suited for a third date. “And stop reading my emails.”
Antoni shakily emerges from the kitchen. “W- what’s a dish your momma used to make?” He stammers, looking traumatised.
“No, no, you unscrew the top, put it on the end, turn, and bang!” John holds the pen very carefully.
All the queens scatter around the room. The dragged-up policemen are huddled near the entrance. She-lock refuses to answer John’s gaze, and pounds her fist angrily on the table she’s leaning on.
Sherlock swirls around, furious. “I knew this would happen eventually,” he says bitterly. “I just didn’t think you’d do it on international television.”
John buries his face in his hands. He hears the bottle being opened behind him, and runs his fingers through his hair. This is it. Is he really going to go through with this? This is, he can’t deny, going above and beyond what any friend would expect while asking seduction tips.
Before Sherlock can reply, Jonathan comes running into the room, wearing the deerstalker. “Look what I found!”, he says, bursting with joy.
She-lock feels like her whole world is crumbling. John is staring at the fluffy pink handcuffs in his hands.
There’s a long pause. John fingers the Walther P99 tucked into his waistband. “Is this a bloody kid’s prop, Mycroft?”
John quickly moves to lie on his back, while pulling off his jacket and his sweater. He’s completely naked now, while Sherlock is still fully dressed. John spreads his legs as wide as he can. It’s almost vulgar. His thick cock twitches on his stomach.
When they finally reach the penguins’ compound, Karamo nudges John a little further along, until they’re not in Molly’s hearing distance anymore. They both watch as she lovingly points out the penguins’ peculiar behavior to Rosie.
“During the game, that woman started writing on my arm. I thought it was her phone number, but when I subtly checked it later, it looked odd. At first, I thought she just needed to work on her blind spelling, but then I figured it must be a code of sorts. She must be a double agent or something.”
It’s suddenly so clear to John. Sherlock wants to stay in the competition. He needs more time with Jonathan.
“Hear me out,” Sherlock’s voice bursts from behind his back. John turns around, annoyed. Of course he’d come through the balcony.
“I wasn't. Talking. To you”, Sherlock hisses. He loudly shoves his chair backwards, and pulls a smiling Victor toward the bedroom.
Sharon Needles, who’s been listening in on their conversation, decides to pitch in from her work table. “She’s talking about the tyre iron you’re carrying in your pants, sis.”
“This phone call… it’s… it’s my note,” Sherlock says, shakingly reaching his hand toward John, far below him on the street at St Bartholomew's Hospital.
John leans closer, moves his hand up to Sherlock’s neck, his mouth to his ear. And in the silence of the church, a breath escapes in the midst of old and stone cold walls, a secret silently spills: “I... I love you.”
John slowly approaches her, and hesitantly takes a seat beside her. He tries to make eye contact in the mirror. She-lock wipes the last trace of powder off, and turns to John, face intimately nude. This is her.
When John enters 221B, Bobby stands proudly in a decor that feels different yet still very much… them. John and Sherlock.
Sherlock lowers himself between John’s legs and with his long, lean fingers, he spreads his arse cheeks apart. Then, tentatively, he licks upwards - one long, wet stroke from John’s perineum, until finally, his tongue grazes John’s exposed hole.
John startles. Why does Karamo bring Sherlock up? He feels a sudden need to defend him. Just because he didn’t join them at the zoo today, and keeps a few eyeballs in the fridge sometimes, doesn’t mean John should cut him out of Rosie’s life.
He laughs and, leaning over, puts his hand on Sherlock’s knee to steady himself. However, his arm suddenly trembles too much, and to stop him from falling Sherlock catches him by the shoulder.
John shakes his head. It sounds just like him. The voice. The voice is better than any ghost’s ever was.
“Did you have to jump on her while you’re still in my body?” Sherlock retorts. “It’ll cause me trouble. You’re ruining my reputation.”
“So that’s him, then?” John Watson squints at the tiny monitor that’s currently livestreaming the recording of RuPaul’s Drag Race - Absolut All Stars. “She-lock Holmes. Our main suspect.”
It's a low jab. After Sherlock's death, John had to disable the comment section. Now he can't even bring himself to load the blog anymore, not even to delete the evidence of his grief. It's not as if he has much to say, anyway. And who even blogs anymore? He should probably just snapchat his 221B life. Put a flower crown on that deerstalker.
to be here. This was just a convenient cover since he’s currently investigating a part of Moriarty’s web that’s laundering money in this very outdated, rusty beachside fair. This place shouldn’t exist anymore - it shouldn’t be making the kind of money it does.
“You supposedly suffer from narcolepsy,” Sherlock says, pausing shortly. “Sadly, your audience isn’t that lucky.”
Writing this has mostly felt like shouting into the void. I’ve been working on this for months. It’s been LONELY, lol. Glad I finally get to share it!
They sashay off the runway, back to behind the scenes, where they sit and wait for them to be called back for judging. John is alarmingly quiet, and has stopped looking She-lock in the eyes.
John eyes the recording Bible. “You’re eh… hoping this All Stars season will restore your reputation?”
or anything”, Sherlock continues. “So please. Just let me… experiment. I know you’ve done this in the army. I’ve deduced it.”
John cups Sherlock's jaw, and rubs his thumb across his cheekbone. As if automatically, Sherlock rests his hand on John's forearm, looking so unsure.
John swallows hard as She-lock slips into a pink, satin dressing gown and throws herself on the bed, looking at John entirely innocently.
“Well, that plan went awry,” she smiles. “Look, boys. It’s been fun, watching you writhe and dance and struggle. But as you would expect, I’m a very busy woman. I must be making my leave. And I did warn you, didn’t I, Sherlock?”
Sherlock blinks against the intruding light. John… found him? After all this time? John knows he’s not dead? Sherlock sucks in his cheeks. Braces himself. Must he expect a handshake, a greeting, a beating?
Together, they ride back to the Hyde Park Stables, where all four of them safely dismount. Sherlock looks flushed, and more alive than ever. Inappropriately excited for having been shot at.
“Look, we know this can be all a bit overwhelming, but we’re here to take good care of John,” Tan says, putting his arm around John. “John, you’re a gorgeous man. But why do you dress like you’re Sherlock’s dad instead of Rosie’s dad?”
“My name is Doctor John Watson. I’m… I was Sherlock’s blogger, companion, colleague, and, he might say, his only friend. We know of course, that isn’t true.”
“And Bainbridge and David were just regular suitors, too, it seems,” Sherlock adds. “Though Wiggins did write in his notes that Bainbridge liked BDSM. So that will have to be investigated. It will take a while until the police have screened everyone. Naturally, production will be postponed a few days.”
John Watson vanjies backwards onto the table, where he sits and watches She-lock draw. It’s excruciating. How is She-lock expected to focus?
Mycroft doesn’t wait for an answer. “I realise your sort takes a little longer to make deductions, so I’ll make it easier for you. Has it occurred to you that Sherlock is not
“The new nurse,” John says, and he holds out Sherlock’s hand. “We’ve been longing for one. I mean, looking forward.”
John exhales slowly, and scratches the back of his head. “I suppose… David Beckham is quite stylish.”
John turns back to him. Right. He has just confessed his undying love like an idiot. What if he was wrong about this? What if Sherlock doesn’t feel the same - maybe he just really likes white roses. Maybe he’s heartbroken about watching Jonathan disappear.
Sherlock lightly, almost undetectably, spreads his legs a little farther apart. Intentionally? John can feel his erection quietly leaking through his pants against the inside of his jeans. But of course, that’s normal. He hasn’t touched anyone in nearly three years. His body is bound to react to any sort of contact.
“This is for all you press parasites at the back. I worked with him, yes. And now he is disgraced. He’s…” Lestrade swallows. “He was my friend. He was a great man.”
Sherlock startles so much he nearly falls into John’s very nude shoulder. Christ, he still smells faintly like lavender.
John might as well have shocked him with a defibrillator, because Sherlock’s chest puffs up in shock.
Likely, John reckons. This Jonathan Wilson guy is a celebrity doctor - he was in a show called ‘Top Doctors’, and has appeared as a specialist (and eye candy) on numerous talk shows.
“But you didn’t go through the whole audition process?” Stephen Bainbridge asks. He wipes his mouth with a napkin, covered in an ugly print of
John doesn’t know how long he’s slept. He doesn’t know what time it is, what this place is, he barely registers the body next to him, so close on the other pillow, hands so near each other.
John's fingers freeze for a fraction of a second around the artichoke he's been weighing in the palm of his hand. They're in the middle of a brightly-lit Tesco, John is mentally cooking their evening meal while trying to keep Sherlock away from the sweets aisle, and he's not prepared for curveballs in the middle of the produce section. Carefully, he lowers the artichoke in a see-through bag.
He’d just been working himself up so much about Sherlock kissing someone on national television, that it hadn’t occurred to him that maybe this was a big deal for Sherlock. This was only his second kiss, after all. Not counting the one with Jonathan in the massage room. Definitely not counting that.
Moran takes advantage of their astonishment to punch John in the face, causing him to release the MI6 magnet. John stumbles backward, loses his equilibrium and falls on his back. Moran jumps on him, and tries to grab John’s rucksack while John struggles to fight him off.
“I didn’t, by the way,” Sherlock says, speaking carefully as if each word costs him everything he owns. “Expect you to be happy to see me.”
She-lock blinks at him, confused. Not only the television, but time itself seems to have stopped entirely.
John grabs a fistful of Sherlock's curls, and the detective reaches for his hand, pulling his fingers even tighter and slightly nodding. That's all John needs to drag him upwards. Sherlock yelps.
John stares at him. Then he fumbles in his right trouser pocket, takes out his wallet and slips out a small folded envelope. He opens it and a lock of brown hair falls on the table, between them.
Katya laughs. “True, true. Could’ve been catching up on my Netflix queue. Watching Contact, finally.”
Like a jolt of electricity, in an instant. Sherlock opens his eyes, and he’s looking up instead of down. He’s standing - impossibly - where John was standing.
I brought a fake beard,” he says, holding up an old, grey-haired piece that helped him solve a Scientology case once. “I’ll still need to look like a man, just an entirely different one.”
John glances at Sherlock. Did Wilson just… put his thumb between Sherlock’s trousers and belly? He sees a flash of milky white skin. Magnussen continues talking. It makes John shiver with disgust.
They're lists and lists of numbers, they mean nothing to John, who doesn't exactly have the mind of a decent bookkeeper.
She-lock slowly lifts her hand to her bra, feeling the keys resting there. John lets go of her shoulder, and stares in front of him now, bracing as if for battle.
To John, it feels forever for the show’s production team to recover. But really, it happens impressively quickly. Since the police arrested part of the team, Janine appoints the hipster with the beanie as her new right hand man. He quickly steps up and calls his hipster friends from film school to come help. They reschedule shootings, talk to the press, rebook dates, smooth over Jonathan. Everything is ready by day 6.
“Keep your eyes fixed on him,” Mycroft orders. As if John would need to be told. “I’m sending backup.”
again, so he takes out his tongue and sweeps it across Sherlock’s pink nipple in short, broad strokes.
“I rub people the wrong way. Sometimes I don’t talk for days on end. I rarely call my parents. I sometimes make up deductions just to annoy people. I have made witnesses cry. I have even made victims cry, just for the sake of advancing a case. I once faked my death, and hurt all my friends. It was unforgivable. I smoke. Sometimes. I used to do drugs. Heroin, mostly.”
Lestrade turns to the rest of the queens. “Of course, after the show, we’ll need to bring all of you in at the police station for questioning.”
Behind John there's a sulking detective. All the way here he hasn't said a word. Even now his mouth is one long line, a torn off barcode.
“Yes. I got the good name in the family, believe it or not. And before you ask: his drag queen name would be Thigh-croft. Mycroft was seven years older. So even though I had a brother, I very much felt like an only child. Mycroft was smart, well beyond his years. He left the house at fifteen, to attend university. He works in government now…. High up. When he left, I… I was eight.”
Then he finally, reluctantly allowed his mind to actually go back there. Allowed his bruised heart to beat with a flicker of hope. Might it…. might it be Sherlock? Might he be alive? Might he have been living nearby, all along?
John throws him a look, but is relieved to see Sherlock smiling at the corners of his mouth. He, too, is enjoying this. He just won’t admit to it because it’s Mycroft’s mission. It’s always a competition between those two, isn’t it?
The lady at the check-in desk smiles brightly at the two men. She’s in her mid thirties, impeccably dressed with a housewife hairdo, and with one more button unfastened on her blouse than Walt would approve of. Sherlock looks back at the doorman, who’s got his back to the actual entrance now and is watching them closely.
John manages to untie the last rope and drags Sherlock backward off the table, allowing the man to fall on top of him.
Sherlock, his shoulders still unnaturally tense, walks to his old chair and touches its edges, softly. When John doesn’t respond, he lowers himself in it.
He's trembling, and yet his voice sounds steady. “Victor and I were friends in college. But when he was drunk... When we were... drunk...” He hesitates on the word drunk. Perhaps something else, then. John winces, but then nods understandingly. No need to get into those specifics now.
“You should have told me! You pushed me away that whole time, Sherlock! Tried to solve the case on your own. For a consulting detective you certainly hate consulting
“I’m an army veteran, I’ve seen injury, violent death,” he says. “Enough for a lifetime. Don’t for one second think I have patience for this nonsense.”
“I thought you would’ve learned to mistrust taxis by now,” Moriarty grins, taking a hard right. “But you two lovebirds were a bit distracted, I see.”
Sherlock slightly lifts his chin in surprise. In the darkness, his eyes are hidden, his face a blurry grey, but John imagines it's charmingly confused, and he's interested, even if he tries to hide it well.
For an insane moment, John hopes -- maybe Moriarty is doing the Bond surprise in exchange for penalty reduction?
“It’s how he’ll see it. It’s too late. You need to wrap this up cleanly, and let him grieve. If you tell him you’re alive, Moriarty’s men will kill him. If you take him with you, you’ll both die. It’s that simple. We talked about this.”
Sherlock whirls around on his feet. “Really, Gav… Geor… Lestrade. I would think even Anderson could have solved this one. Look at the way she’s dressed. Quite fancy for her, especially when you take a look in her bedroom closet. Designer dress, the most expensive earrings she owns, Chanel perfume. She was preparing for the evening of her life. So, she thought she’d pop a bottle of champagne. Popped right into her eye” - he points to the bruised wound - “now this would normally be merely an inconvenience, nothing lethal. But with her, it triggered a tumor that had been growing behind her eye for a while now. Prescription for new lenses on her desk, you see…”
swap bodies?” Sherlock asks. “You and I, Moriarty, we were on the roof together after all,” he says, looking at Mary. This is complicated. He, too, prefers Moriarty without boobs.
John lifts his eyebrows in surprise. They haven’t even started, and already a position switch. He’s fine with it - with the idea of seeing Sherlock, while he enters him. Perhaps seeing his face contort with bliss when he comes inside him.
He slides his fingers across them carefully, adjusting them. The touch sends a shiver through his legs, an old ache. Perhaps a good wank will serve as decent stress-relief. He has earned it, after all.
John's mouth falls open. But he's distracted, because in the corner of his eyes he sees Victor's hand creep just a little higher.
Bainbridge lowers his knife, looking struck. He looks up, seems to latch onto something in the distance, and quickly grabs the paper, puts it on his chair and sits on it.
Looking vaguely unsettled, he directs his attention back to Sherlock, pronouncing each word slowly: “You’ll. Blow. Your. Cover.”
“I’m 57,” Q says defensively. “All I did was solve a crossword puzzle in The Times and suddenly, I’m doing a job interview in an abandoned parking garage with a guy carrying an umbrella during a heatwave.”
“What?” John's heart skips a beat while he holds eye contact with the cashier, a nice young woman with soft, black hair. As unperturbed as possible he tries to glide his bank card into her slot.
With David as Glinda, the dialogue sounds tense and almost hostile, even as the two frenemies are supposed to be growing closer together. “Can’t I make you understand you’re having delusions of grandeur?” David lipsynchs, and Sherlock can barely keep his face in check as he delivers his lines.
Sherlock is panting. It feels overwhelming. Instinctively, he backs away against the wall. A shiver runs down John’s spine; not so much because it’s cold, however.
She-lock sighs. She should return to her bedroom. What are they doing here? Sharon Needles is the smart one. Nobody is getting inside.
On her right, She-lock can feel Vanjie wince a bit at the sight. Right. Their on-screen romance didn’t end well. Something about notebooks versus post-it-notes. She-lock didn’t catch the exact tea, despite her English upbringing.
“The Woman,” John slurs, momentarily intrigued by the odd sound of his own voice. “The woman? The woman Woman.”
All the clues are surely pointing to She-lock. Yet… it doesn’t feel quite right. There’s something about She-lock. She’s odd, yes. But murderous?
“Sir, sir!” the journalists yell over each other, trying to get his attention. “Mister vicar! What’s your name? Why did they choose you as the vicar? Over here!”
“I’m not ashamed,” John says, struggling with his jumper. “I’m just not a circus contortionist. This space is bloody small, Sherlock!”
After the longest song in history, Sherlock returns to the pulpit and mechanically goes through the motions of a funeral service. He recites hymns. He covers the casket with a pall. He reads some Bible verses, makes the crowd say “Amen”. And then he reaches a part of the vicar’s outline that really catches his interest.
“Doctor Watson,” he says, crossly. “I thought you of all people would understand Sherlock’s time away left him with certain… scars. I’d assumed you might have observed some of the physical evidence by now, if not the more … psychological ones.”
“Why are you whispering, John?” Sherlock asks. “These windows are tinted and sound-proof. You have nothing to be ashamed of.”
Then Mycroft had hung up. And John had gone back to the note. He is not good. He’s not good. Not. good.
An hour later, John is still sitting on Sherlock’s bed. He doesn’t want to spend the night in its gaping emptiness, but he doesn’t want to move, either. The sheets haven’t been changed since last night. Sherlock must have put a “do not disturb” sign on the door.
“You better come with me and Dimmock,” the grey daddy says, gesturing to Jinkx’ veteran, who’s standing behind him and is eagerly trying to glimpse inside.
She-lock shuts her jaws and retreats, walking toward the balcony. She doesn’t bother to close her dressing gown, though, as she steps outside and looks over the city lights.
John steps forward, hesitantly. He bends over to untie his shoelaces, while She-lock works very very hard - not to look over.
That definitely seems to be David’s motto, as well. He can’t stop his inner English lad popping up when there’s free ale, and the more the evening progresses, the bolder he gets. He hangs off Magnussen’s shoulder and whispers in his ear. He dangles from the poles in the middle of the Freedom Bar, exposing his belly button, giggling. He winks at a mortified lesbian nearby.
“It’s a bit, how do I put this... Thorgy Thor’s Stevie Nicks meets Party City,” Michelle says. “Barf.”
He goes to the penthouse, and to cheer Jonathan up, they order room service and press the beanie hipster to bring games. They play Operation, Cluedo and Monopoly all night.
Previously on RuPaul's Drag Race... She-lock and John took a dance class. John interrogated her; she thought he was flirting. She invited him to her hotel room...
At the registry, John tries to haul the groceries onto the conveyor belt extra fast, before Sherlock can help him. As if to punish him. John knows it's an insane type of race, an absurd competition, but he can't stop himself. They're both aware it's happening. Sherlock flinches with every item that touches down hard. Breathe, John thinks. He slows down. Grants Sherlock the last item, toilet paper, to lift.
She seems extraordinary comfortable indeed. She turns around and flounces inside, leaving John with his mouth hanging open.
It might take me a while longer to reply to comments today, because I'll be at work. But know that they are the bright lights of my existence. <3
“Next time with lip-syncing, ladies,” Brooke says. “But the dancing was… Close to dancing. You may go back to your seats.”
Victor smiles as if nothing happened. “Do you want my potato?”, he asks Sherlock. “I'm on a carb free diet at the moment.”
“We’re not army veterans,” Lestrade says. “I mean, look at the shape of us lot! We’re members of Scotland Yard, and we’ve been undercover to investigate threats being made to Miss Visage.”
John flinches. He thinks about those tender scars he tried so desperately to smooth with oil. He has some idea, yes. It feels like an invasion of privacy to be talking about it here, even if Mycroft
“I also wasn’t in L.U.V. with your dancing,” Brooke adds. “That was a Monique Heart cartwheel, henny.”
“I want the tall dark hero,” John continues. “I want the guy who wears the tight tuxedo, the guy who faces off with criminals in a casino. The guy throwing punches on the moving train. The guy who has witty retorts for the bad guys. The guy who uses a zipline to fearlessly fall from a balcony.”
“You look…” Sherlock starts, but doesn’t finish. He simply clears his throat and adjusts his bow tie.
That’s what John is miserably contemplating as he limps through the hotel corridor, while carrying those damned four inch heels - “easy dancing shoes,” She-lock had said - in his left hand. His toes have been squished in one too many directions. Is this what women…. go through? Every day?
The chapter title is from Lorde's song Liability, which is such a Sherlock post- Reichenbach isong. I listen to it so much I'll surely become a Spotify ad.
John looks at the Bible on the nightstand. He walks toward it, leaning very close to She-lock’s soft face to take the book away.
Two legs free, now. Sherlock screams out in frustration. He curls up like a shrimp, and the beam burns the place where his crotch was, now nearing close to his bum.
John feels as if he’s standing still, while around him, the world is shifting, turning, changing places.
“I’m going up to the penthouse, and you’re not riding the elevator,” John retorts, slightly agitated.
“We figured out very quickly the same had happened to you two,” Moriarty says, touting her lips. “The harness thing was quite… amusing.”
John hears faint voices coming from downstairs. He tries to tread the steps as quietly as possible, but… the dragon chamber is empty. There’s a statue of a fencer in the corner and a mechanical dragon resting on rocks surrounded by water. In front of it, Moran lies, still out cold from the injection.
“Time to head back to the stage,” PA Miley announces. “For the big finale. Category is: runway, not runaway. Katya, bring nicotine patches. She-lock, bring tears. Five minutes!”
particular rabbit hole, a blue Ford Mustang pulls up. The driver, a French woman wearing a blue scarf over her head, rolls down the window.
here,” she grins. “Though I don’t understand why. Your crime drag is ridiculous. You think you look like ‘killer clown’ John Wayne Gacy Jr but you really look like Bianca Del Rio.”
It feels like fighting through a thick mist, like drowning in dirty water. John brings a heavy hand to his eyes. He is crying. Why is he crying?
Mycroft sighs. “It’s getting late, you’ve had enough… excitement for one day. And you’re actually quite near Paris. I’m booking you a hotel, and sending a car to pick you up. Don’t bother sending me your coordinates - Eurostar already called those in to the French police.”
“That woman must have been a Bond fan, obviously. If you hadn’t been mouthing off during those Bond nights… Seriously Sherlock, what would you do without me?”
Next to him, Sherlock is rubbing his body against Jonathan’s, each time the horse moves. He’s holding out his bloody arse for Jonathan to take, it seems.
John swallows. Is Jonathan about to throw Bainbridge out during breakfast? There’s only one camera present, though. And the cameraman is making no effort to include Jonathan’s face in his shot. Doesn’t seem like something they would be this sloppy about.
John’s brows lift. It’s odd to hear Sherlock thank people. Though he did, of course, thank John earlier in the restaurant too. Maybe Jonathan is causing a positive change in Sherlock.
right now. They have lyrics to learn, and a dance class to attend. Quickly, she takes a look at the chorus.
Never did he imagine Sherlock walking back into this apartment again, yet he preserved 221b like a living memory.
On screen, Jonathan tenderly presses his lips against Sherlock’s, and for a moment, nothing happens. Jonathan’s oily body presses a little harder, a little more passionately, into Sherlock, and suddenly, Sherlock pushes him off. Hard. Against the massage table.
Thanks a thousand times to my beta 88thparallel. Her suggestions have made this a better story and I'm forever in her debt.
Thank you guys so much for all your encouragements, they make my days brighter, they make me cry on the toilet, they make me wake up in the middle of the night and burn the sleep out of me with my phone screen. With pleasure!
“They’re not,” Sherlock grumbles - John smiles. Not yet in enough mortal danger to not be a dick about it.
“No, they only made the rest pretty,” John replies. But something tugs at his chest. Because something is different, of course: the Fab Five want him to move into Sherlock’s double bed.
“It's a murder mystery. Sounds right up our alley, doesn't it?” John takes his cellphone and searches for Sarah's number. How do you phrase something like that?
John treads even faster as he turns the corner of Melcombe street, right into Baker Street. The bags slam into his shins. He hopes he’s not bruising the artichoke.
“Ohhh, this is good, this is very good,” She-lock mutters. “Hold onto those handcuffs, John, because you’ll be needing them. Just not for
“I could’ve sworn they were about to arrest Phi Phi,” Miss Vanjie says, “but they weren’t the fashion police, no ma’am sir.”
John glances at Sherlock, who nods. Using this flamethrower is their only chance at ever getting out of here. Even if they all burn together - it will be a privilege, to die by Sherlock’s side.
“You think the competition is strong? Oh henny - these tired queens? Alaska snorted so much of her winnings she could only afford to wear bin bags for her entrance look. Again. Sharon Needles’ career is so dead not even an ouija board can call it. Vanjie’s lifespan is about nine memes old. Latrice went to the Coco Montrese School of Makeup, she looks orange, girl. Jinkx Monsoon’s drag is so old that even her Snatch Game was all dry and wrinkly. The Snatch Game wasn’t on, hunty. And Phi Phi O’Hara can’t even win one challenge if she dyes her hair in LGBTeal.”
Sherlock looks at him with uncertainty. Is that on John’s wishlist? Perhaps they should just dismiss the case, leave Mycroft to clean up the mess, and take a holiday right here.
What can he say? He thought he would test his sexuality by randomly kissing another man in his proximity? He wanted to feel the lips that kissed Sherlock so tenderly? Feel if there’s still a trace of Sherlock on them?
John’s anger subsides, but he knows it is just one wave retreating in the large ocean that he is. He sits back down opposite Sherlock.
“Even though, one could argue that you're not an expert,” Sherlock says, very much not helping his case, “given that it's been a while since you have, colloquially said,
“Nights and nights of research, it seems?” John asks, but he gets shushed by Lestrade again as She-lock continues.
“Yes, you are,” She-lock says. “And you’re not that innocent. But you didn’t threaten Michelle. You see, Scotland Yard, Latrice would never stab a pair of boobs. She doesn’t even own boobs!”
It happens almost instantly - like a sneeze. Suddenly, Sherlock is back in his actual body, with his old arms and legs and…
John frowns. This seems unnecessarily cruel. He supposes there could be some truth behind this “main-suspect” thing.
Reluctantly, Moriarty turns off the machine. “When I found out what you were organising for your pet, I just couldn’t resist. Every good Bond story needs a good old-fashioned villain. I knew I’d make a great one.”
John wraps his arm around Sherlock, puts a steady hand on Sherlock’s beating heart, and closes his eyes.
“It’s him! Look!” John tries to show him, and he lifts the rose, but he’s so excited he found the vital clue that he drops it. Before he can pick it up, Sherlock halts him.
Previously on RuPaul's Drag Race... All the outfits were judged. Ru asked which of the queens should be eliminated. Lestrade said: She-lock. *gasps*
Then, Lestrade steps forward - and John’s chest suddenly feels as if it’s horribly stuck in a corset, as Lestrade opens his mouth and speaks those faithful words -
There’s still time to refuse the flower, but John steps forward. Soldiers don’t leave their friends behind, no matter what. If they were really shot at earlier today, then more is at stake than just a reputation. What if John leaves, and Sherlock gets hurt, or dies? What if Jonathan dies, and Sherlock will have a lifetime to blame John for leaving and not saving him?
He leans forward, and She-lock lets him. Lets him approach her, as himself. John Watson, retired army doctor and forensic assistant. All of him, She-lock lets all of him wash over her all at once, as his lips touch hers.
“Oh really? First, you go behind my back to appear on a gay dating show - pun not intended, thank you very much. When I’m finally over
At the end of the hallway, a small crowd has gathered, all shivering in very little clothes: Phi Phi, Alaska, Jinkx, Vanjie and RuPaul. Sharon doesn’t seem to have bothered to get out of bed.
Then, Sherlock stills. And in that exact moment, a cloud moves, allowing the moonlight to fall into the room. John stares up. Sherlock’s eyes are closed, his face is illuminated by kind moonlight. He has never looked younger, or more beautiful. Open, in a way. His bottom lip is slightly dropped, his cheeks are blushing. A curl falls playfully across his forehead. His features are soft. Then, the moment passes, the moon is obscured again, and Sherlock buries his face in John’s shoulder.
“The family is deeply saddened by the loss of our son and brother,” he starts. Sherlock sighs. How very
funny”, Sebastian says, grabbing Penelope's side quite forcefully. John removes his hand from Sarah's side.
“I want you to feel handsome, John,” he says, looking over his shoulder. “I want to give you the confidence to walk the street like you own it. You’re a beautiful man, and your clothes can accentuate that.”
“Right…” Their elbows hook together now as they dance-walk to the side. “Who’s your favourite judge?”
There’s a brief pause before they both snort and have a giggle. Their chests shake. John wipes a some moisture from his eyes.
“I thought your people had your eye on him, only yesterday,” Sherlock says. “He was sitting at his window.”
“It’s fine, John. It’s just the way it is. Odd Sherlock became odd She-lock. People don’t ‘like’ me. And especially after RuPaul’s Drag Race UK aired, I got the Phi Phi treatment by fans and queers all over the world. The press was vicious - especially that Kitty… girl. Kitty Riley. Nobody wanted to even... touch me.”
Sherlock shakes his head. “We packed very lightly, you know. You want to go to Disneyland… Dressed in Valentino suits?”
John doesn’t know how he feels about this, really. It seems they were taking large steps in the right direction. They’re closer now than they’ve been in the six months since Sherlock’s return. And Sherlock may have been finding love in the oddest of places: a televised dating show. Closing this case might mean indefinitely stacking away an old file that Sherlock had been on the verge of opening. The cold case of his heart.
“Welcome to the End of the World Restaurant,” Mary says for the umpteenth time into a camera chasing her face.
Previously on RuPaul's Drag Race... John learned all about tucking. Though he almost came untucked when he kissed She-lock, because, you know, she needed lipstick.
Sherlock’s jaw drops and his eyes grow wide as five men and two cameramen flood inside the apartment like a herd of wildebeasts ready to trample Simba’s dad.
With an unexpectedly heavy arm, John reaches behind him, touching his neck. He looks at Sherlock’s hand. He’s holding a syringe. Confusedly, John searches Sherlock’s face, pale and speechless. A guilty look. John blinks and blinks, but the haziness won’t disappear.
Ru looks thoughtful. “Very well, Doctor Watson. But only if you lip-sync against Jinkx’s makeover guy, DI Dimmock.”
“You call yourself ‘large and in charge’,” She-lock says, “But the only thing charging is your dick. You’re so thirsty that every time you come near the pit crew, they ask: what’s that weird tape ripping noise coming from?”
The thing is: he doubted for ages before coming here. Even before walking in, he lingered by the door, still not sure if he wanted to do this.
Why all these questions? She-lock holds John’s wrist, secretly feeling his puls - a fast heartbeat. She stares into his eyes - pupils dilated.
But Sherlock is beautiful. And he’s a tired old veteran that people now only want to enlist for makeovers.
John is tense as a bloodhound. He’s staring into the bright lights, eyeing the T-shaped stage with fear, and turns to her.
Janine opens her mouth to protest, but reconsiders, and as she turns her back on him, John can see her smiling smugly. She winks at John and exits, closing the door. They truly are alone now.
Jinkx, who has noticed the commotion, leans over to She-lock. “Water off a duck’s back, She-lock,” she says.
John makes eye contact with the taxi driver, who tries to wink reassuringly. John glares at him. They spend the rest of the taxi ride in complete silence.
“Anderson wouldn't recognise evidence if it was hitting him in the face with a shovel,” Sherlock says. “Though I'd like to test that hypothesis.”
“Miss A'Keria is the body!” Vanjie yells back. “Sorry, bitch, I couldn’t help myself. No, look into this huge ass box, bitch. Over here!”
“It’s tomorrow’s lip-sync song. The one for the episode winners to perform,” she says. “I’m trying to learn the lyrics. According to Reddit, I’ll be in the top two tomorrow.”
Sherlock looks at it, then steps forward, and wraps John in his arms. They’re in the middle of the restaurant, and could be seen by Jonathan if he came in - what would he think then? But John doesn’t care. He feels warm, and at home. He melts into Sherlock, allows himself one lasts decadence before maybe losing Sherlock forever. He breathes deeply, to collect Sherlock’s smell in his dying lungs.
“You were trained in the Queen’s army, in St Bart’s, in Afghanistan, and that one bootcamp in France due to budget cuts. Were you not?”
The man nods curtly and turns around. They follow him through a large room full of white curtains, glass chandeliers, plush chairs and blackjack tables. John recognises some of the faces there - politicians, celebrities. He puts on a poker face and focuses on the doorman’s back.
John can hear Lestrade shuffling uncomfortably on his seven inch heels. Little does She-lock know, these ‘army men’ are the exact Scotland Yard he’s reading to filth. John was hired shortly after that case closed, but he remembers reading about the serial suicides in the paper. It was quite gruesome.
She-lock folds her hands in front of her face. As if she’s thinking. But really, her mind is blank, while her thumbs softly touch her lips.
“I took you to three continents, and you learned nothing. You only conquered, and fired your gun,” Sholto continues.
Sherlock strokes himself slowly, looking John up and down with pure, drunken lust. Sherlock puts the condom on, rubs it with more lube, and crouches over John. His Belstaff is still on, but there’s something erotic about that.
Bainbridge and David have already mounted their horse, a brown mare with a tortured look on her face. Horses are really not meant to be ridden by two people. But, John supposes, it looks romantic on camera.
Sherlock winks at Mycroft. He’s already been sent the target’s file. It should be easy enough. A small fish, some criminal loser tucked away in Amsterdam, smoking joints, wearing clogs, dealing out guns every now and then. He can do this in his sleep. On the way there, Mycroft will organise a scuffle with some actors, and in Amsterdam they’ll quickly wrap the case and then stay for another week to cruise. The canals.
masturbate, he concludes. How many times have they wanked at the same time in this house, unknowingly? John realises he knows so little of his friend's sexual needs. Yet.
“I see you keep looking at him,” Magnussen suddenly says uncomfortably close to John’s ear, careful to keep his voice low so the microphones won’t pick up what he’s saying.
It’s well into the next morning when John wakes up. He grunts, and rolls over to find Jonathan Wilson sitting up next to him, looking just as confused. Sherlock wheels a breakfast cart over to the side of the huge luxurious bed.
He tries to relax. Insofar that’s possible. Sherlock’s fingers are really fucking him, now. Stretching him out. Sherlock is panting. There’s an urgency to it.
“I don't know what that was, Sherlock, but if it was something that you needed to get out of your system, that's okay. We can stop now, and it will change nothing between us. We will still be friends.” Sherlock winces underneath his soft touch.
“The Alices have gone into the Dragon’s Lair,” John pants into the phone, panicking. “But it’s closed. And it’s not a regular lock, but some fancy keypad.”
John swallows his bread. What choice does he have, really? He can’t confess his love, it’s clearly unrequited, unwanted. John can’t inflict the burden of his feelings upon Sherlock, who would undoubtedly feel betrayed. He thought he could safely experiment, and trusted John with his body, only to have to deal with something as tedious as a friend’s sexual identity crisis.
After running for what feels like an eternity, Sherlock drags John behind a fake tree. On top of it, the Cheshire Cat grins. They pant, exhausted. Sherlock shields John’s body with his, standing so close he can feel his hot breath on his exposed neck.
John tries to catch Sherlock’s gaze, but it seems a lot further than London. Sherlock’s bathrobe slides a little down from his shoulder, and there, in a light too soft for such cruelty, a gleaming line curls around the edges.
John looks up, but Sherlock's features are unreadable. Nothing but coldness. He wonders what kind of young man Sherlock was during his university years. It's hard to imagine him eight years younger. Even now he barely looks twelve. According to Sebastian Wilkes, he'd been deducing people even then.
John bites his lip. Apparently, this is important to Sherlock. Perhaps not because of the silly contracts - he’s sure Mycroft could get them out of it. Almost getting shot is probably a basis for annulment. But perhaps there is more to it. Sherlock has clearly been connecting to Jonathan in a way he never could, before. If this is a side of him Sherlock desires to explore, John needs to support him in that. How could he not want Sherlock to be happy?
“I’ll sleep on the sofa then!” John yells, exasperated. “Just come back upstairs, you utter madman.”
In absence of clear instructions, Sherlock improvises. He closes his lips around John’s cock and moves his head a little further down, then up again. It takes him a bit to coordinate, but soon he establishes a steady pace, while still stroking John’s balls. It’s too much, it’s too fucking much. John grabs Sherlock’s curls, and pulls his head back, against the edge of the desk.
John pulls Sherlock into his hotel room. Though a little startled at first, Sherlock crosses his arms impatiently.
With an indifferent nod in the direction of the kitchen table, Sherlock directs him to the threatening note. Lestrade grabs it and puts it inside a see-through bag.
“No,” John says. Sherlock can hear a smile in his voice, and he opens one eye so it’ll be the first thing he sees this morning.
Sherlock swallows and focuses on the task ahead. He positions his lean fingers between John’s underwear and hips, and pulls the fabric down until just above John’s knees, where his trousers are. Not the time or place to fully disrobe.
“Moriarty had snipers, on you, on Lestrade and on Mrs Hudson,” Sherlock rapidly continues now. “If his men didn’t see me jump, didn’t see me
Sherlock watches John quietly but with panic welling in his eyes as John starts tugging on the ropes. Fuck, they’re tight. All those expensive gadgets but Q didn’t think to include a bloody Swiss army knife. The knots barely budge, and John is only halfway untying one when suddenly -
They briefly lock eyes. Sherlock scrapes his throat, then walks past John, out the room. The door locks so quietly, John can’t stand it.
Sherlock‘s curls are wet, so he must have showered. God, how long was John out? He squints at the detective, who doesn't look up from his work.
“You killed yourself in front of me, and then came here dressed as a joke…” John shakes his head. “I was so angry, when I left this church.”
In the corner of his eye, Sherlock notices John frowning, although he is really definitely ignoring him.
But Sherlock waves at him dismissively. “We're old friends, John, it's fine.” The man looks at Victor, intensely. “We go way back.”
Next update: Monday. Can't wait to share that chapter with you guys - it's one of my favorites. Though I hope you liked this one, too :D
On her left, Jinkx makes an odd sound. “Did I miss anything?” she asks, sleepily. “Oh, hi Brooke Lynn!”
Thank you so much for reading! Updates will be Mondays and Thursdays. 8 chapters, so this will take about four weeks. The whole thing is written but it does need lots of editing still.
In that exact moment, his phone rings. John walks to his night stand. Who would call at 7:15 in the morning?
When John steps into the entrance hall, he startles. There, on the coat rack, it hangs. The Belstaff. No. No, it can’t be. He shakes his head. It’s not real.
John needs to think. He can’t afford to get thrown out of the television show, now. It’s not too late. He hasn’t gone too far yet.
, you listen to me carefully. Not even the Queen herself can help you. And I don’t mean RuPaul. You don’t think I’ve tried everything in my power? You’ve made your own bed. Don’t make this difficult for me, and simply cooperate. You’ve always been the weak one of the family...”
“Well, oh, okay”, Sam says, combing through his blonde curls. John notices Sherlock's adam's apple bopping strangely. “This one time, Sandy and I went downstairs to eat in the communal kitchen. It was after our first time sex, and Sherlock kind of deduced it.”
John knows virginity is an outdated, ridiculous concept and of course, after last night, Sherlock is very much not a virgin anymore. Yet, there is still one part of him untouched, and John can’t stop thinking about it.
“Jinkx is my friend,” Alaska says, looking rather disappointed. “I want to destroy her dreams on my own merit.”
And anyway, he doesn’t own Sherlock’s body. Sherlock can do what he pleases. So he should man up and be happy for him.
Also, this chapter would have been completely different if it weren't for 88thparallel's lovely beta remarks. She's the best and wisest woman I know, and I owe her so much.
“Well, we're certainly glad it's not you that died, Mike”, Sam reads from his cue card. “You were always our favorite.”
“An Irish setter”, Sherlock quickly says, his voice oddly restrained. “It was an Irish setter. Can I speak to you in private, please?”
“Well, red-colored water. And, more disturbing: an insane amount of rubber duckies were floating on the water.”
“Yeah but…” he sounds as if he’s treading dangerous waters. “Where did you find my old military uniform?”
“This was not what you expected to wake up to,” John tells Jonathan, wiping some post-sleep saliva off his chin. “Sorry.”
John waits a few seconds, then moves gently up and down again. He is a doctor, after all. He knows to be careful. He's also done this with two willing girlfriends before, but never with a man, not even in the army. There would be the occasional sad shower wank in each other vicinity, then. Nothing more.
!” John shakes his head, agitated. “Why are you here, Sherlock? When clearly, you care very little for me.”
-Pointer Sister: a drag queen who points to the place she’s gonna walk to, during a lip-sync or a runway walk
While Magnussen pushes him up into the pillion saddle, John glances over at Sherlock and Jonathan. They’re busy mounting their horse, a beautiful white animal. They both look straight out of a fairy tale. Jonathan has his hands on Sherlock’s hips, and helps him up. Then, Jonathan positions himself behind Sherlock, resting his hands on his sides, to hold on. Sherlock startles, but then relaxes, allows him the intimacy. Like a wild horse submitting. The cameras lap it up.
“It'll be boring. You'll be bored.” The detective looks away, but in his cheek, a muscle is dancing. Sometimes John wants to touch it, feel the quiver, or stop it.
“Don’t forget the pepper sauce,” Sherlock adds, while putting his own fingers near Jonathan’s other hand. “It’s… saucy.”
Sherlock Holmes has, in a way, always been a brilliant palm reader. After all, he can identify an airline pilot by his left thumb. So it shouldn’t come as a surprise to anyone, really, that he has found himself disguised as a psychic offering his services in a small, dark booth in the far back of Southend-on-Sea.
After quite an uncomfortable taxi ride – the three of them in the back, Sherlock insisted on sitting in the middle but proceeded with utter silence – they arrive at Sebastian Wilkes's building. It's a tall building in the middle of the City of London, where all the finance whizz kids live – or rather, sleep, work and snort – and Wilkes apparently lives all the way up in the penthouse.
Sherlock puts a stack of folded trousers in the suitcase. “I’m sure even you can make adequate deductions, John.”
Just that second, Lestrade pulls him aside. “Just going to borrow my… army buddy… for a bit,” the man tells She-lock.
Also, I have to thank all you guys. The response to this fic has been... overwhelming. I cherish each comment, each kudo, and also every silent reader. You guys literally fuel my writing and revising.
She eyes the judging table in front of her, the not very-well lit Katya, Trixie, Ru, Michelle and Brooke. Time to plead her case.
“And that’s what it was about, right?” She-lock says. “Sharon, you couldn’t stand the fact that Jinkx was always winning just for being BenDeLa’s best Judy. The rubber duckie blood bath was a sneer at Jinkx -
Sherlock notices his body is doing something strange - leaning toward her, donning a half-smile, almost… blushing?
“And you look marvelous. Now, Janine needed us for something,” he says, dragging them both out at the second floor.
She-lock tries to catch John’s gaze, but he’s staring at the floor now. The lipstick was the last of it. His face is uncovered, yet he chooses to hide it now.
John turns toward Sherlock, glaring. He’s still standing uncomfortably close, but the stream of cruel comments has stopped. That's a sign of self-control, John reckons, because Sherlock must be absorbing about a hundred details right now: the hitching of breath, the flustered laugh of the lady, and the light red discoloration in his neck. John can imagine it all too well. A complete arse, he is.
John squirts some more lube into his - Sherlock’s - hand and and rubs his thumb over their shafts. It comes surprisingly naturally - Sherlock moves his hips forward, sliding John’s cock against his own, looking for a rhythm. John wraps his hand loosely over both of them, providing a warmth to push into, an irresistible heat building with mutual force. Sherlock breathes heavily, and John picks up the pace, going faster and faster.
John pulls Sherlock closer by his waistcoat, and finally, their lips touch. Sherlock moans lightly against him, as if the kiss still came as a surprise, but then he quickly recovers and starts moving his lips. John’s heart leaps. This man. This man dressed as a British spy just to please him. Is now kissing him. With soft lips. With hard passion.
“If he was... If you two were... Look, Sherlock. I didn't like the way he was touching you earlier. But if it's...” He swallows. “If it's what you want.”
Bursting with anger, he pushes into David. David stumbles backward, and falls hard on the floor. John feels his fist itch with want, but when he looks up, he sees the cameraman smiling eagerly, going from him to David, to Sherlock, who stands frozen.
she? John bites his lip, not sure how to reply. This whole environment is so charged with quick wit, he feels like the slow cousin of the family.
Sherlock positions himself at the tiny desk with a chemistry book. “You can take the bed,” he says. “I don’t need much sleep.”
As Jonathan starts snipping, he keeps building John’s confidence. “You’re giving me major Mark Ruffalo vibes right now. Oh my god, you look gorge. You know you’re already gorgeous, right? You’re going to look a-ma-zing.”
“No,” Sherlock says. It would be funny if it wasn’t so horrifying. “The lock of hair will do its part. Now, close your eyes and focus your mind’s eye on the middle of the table, and think of your…. friend.”
Sherlock grips John’s upper arms tighter, grunting, mumbling the last traces of his name, while a faint smell of sperm permeates the air. Then, the man’s body relaxes, and John slowly removes his mouth from Sherlock’s earlobe. He pulls back, carefully.
“Fair,” John admits. “But that was a police approved decision. And Sherlock did tell you eventually.”
John blinks profusely. That’s not what happened…. Well. He was just tired from working long shifts, that is all. They’re fine! What’s it to her, anyhow?
This might be all a dream. This might be his last lonely hallucination before he is to leave on his mission, but Sherlock embraces it, has longed for it, relishes in it.
Soon, John is seated on the living room sofa with a large Mickey Mouse shaped ice lolly against his knuckles.
And suddenly, Victor's hand is full-on on Sherlock's knee. Right there, under the table, in plain sight where John can clearly see it. The goddamn gall. The impertinence. John's trying not to look at it, he really is. So is Sherlock, it seems, because he abruptly puts his water glass back down, trembling a little.
David stands on the tip of his toes, trying to reach the same level. Or, stoop down to it, John supposes. He shakes his head. It’s like watching a cockfight.
As the people leave the church and greet Sherlock’s family at the entrance, John remains in his seat, unmoving. He even sends Molly away, Sherlock observes. This is his chance… to say something. Anything.
She-lock follows his gaze, then back to John. Her face changes. Something seems to dawn on her. “Oh,” she says. “Oh.”
because he thinks it will make up for what happened at St Bart’s? But perhaps because those two years away have left their marks?”
“Give me a chance to tell the real story behind these scandalous photographs. I can promise you a full spread and a cover story, and a nice payday to boot. I just want your voice to be heard in all this. Did he force you -”
“It does save a lot of time,” She-lock admits, while imagining Dimmock showing John how to shave. Her throat runs dry. “Did he show you… anything else?”
. Although the line “I don’t know I have been changed for the better, but because I knew you, I have been changed for good” would probably have been a bit more heart wrenching if it hadn’t been for a crazed flying monkey in the background trying to steal the spotlight.
“Sherlock will tell anyone who will listen that he’s a sociopath. He wants it to be true, you know? He wants to be all work and no play, he wants to be the brain without the heart, so badly. That’s why he lashes out and insults everyone. But in everything he does, his love shines. And it’s not just that he would have killed himself to save his friends. That was a bit over the top. No, it’s the little things. I once saw him give a nine million pounds hairpin to a secretary, so genuinely happy for her. He once threw a man out the window for hurting our landlady, then he hugged her with the softest smile you’ve ever seen on a man. He cured my leg. He cured my
your blog”, Sandy says sweetly. Her earrings are so big they could be basketball rings for rats. When she sees Sherlock, her face twitches. “Sherlock."
Sharon: “She-lock, oh She-lock. I just want you to win a cruise. Right now. In fact I’ll pay for it myself. Just leave.”
When they’re far enough and don’t seem to have been followed, they rest against the brick wall of an alley.
John stares at Sherlock’s back. His scars blink understatedly in the moonlight. It is of a beauty rarely spoken of - the kind that shines from healing. From endurance, from strength, from bravery. Unexpectedly, John feels a wetness behind his eyes. This man lying in bed with him has been through so much to protect him. He is beautiful, and he doesn’t even know it. He covers his back like it’s a weakness, like it’s not a testament to the kind of man he is.
So now John is going to follow those Alices through Wonderland to hell and back. He feels like a tit for not fighting those Alices. However, if he had, then he’d be captured too, and what good would that do them?
“I’m afraid we’ll have to arrest you. But first, you have the right to drink an Absolut vodka in the Untucked room backstage.”
John looks over his shoulder. Sherlock is crouching over John’s body, reaching for the bedside cabinet. He opens the drawer, and takes out a half empty bottle of lube.
“I’m… Watson John,” he manages to utter, awkwardly. He stares at Sherlock’s lean fingers fondling a cigarette between his lips. As if he’s done little else in his life than playing poker with London’s underground figures, Sherlock deftly deals the cards. John is in awe - he didn’t know Sherlock could play.
“And he let me have my old room back, without question. He doesn’t play the violin at night anymore, so she can sleep. He’s helped feeding her, and bathing her. He’s… been amazing. I mean. He’s always been amazing. But I didn’t think he’d be this good with a child.”
“Yes it was. Now hold my hand,” She-lock instructs. “And don’t try to do those pointes, it would be a bloodbath.”
Anderson points him to the bathroom. In that rather small space, Lestrade and Dimmock are seated on the edge of the bath, with a makeshift table in front of them that holds a radio-like setup. Dimmock is still in heels, John notices. Show-off. As if he’ll win on the runway tomorrow. His queen, Jinkx Monsoon, has mostly been napping!
As he slowly lowers her limp body to the floor, he looks at Sherlock disapprovingly. “This was a terrible strategy,” he says.
“I mean I guess we'll miss him, poor sod”, Sandy adds. “But at least now you'll be the only one getting our inheritance, I guess.” She laughs.
Ru flashes a knowing smile. “And on the other side, it’s Brooke Lynn Hytes! How did our queens do in the dance challenge, Brooke?”
When John returns to his room, after providing a thousand sound bites for the production team, there’s something lying on his bed. He approaches it carefully, then freezes. It’s a monitor, with a bow tie around it, like a gift.
John leaves the confessional box, and opens the curtain to reveal Sherlock. He rips off Sherlock’s fake beard, then stares at the hair in his hand and turns around, whirls the beard away and kicks a chair to the floor.
Sherlock turns his head to the side, refusing to meet his brother’s gaze. Why is it suddenly so hard to swallow?
Sherlock ends the call and locks eyes with John. John’s mouth is set in a serious line. With a pink strand of candyfloss in the corner.
“I’ve got a whole routine worked out for them!” Todrick yells at Alyssa and three different cameras.
“Oh, that’s what anyone who’s ever dated her, calls her,” Sharon yells. “Because of her MASSIVE DICK!”
Sherlock scoops John in his arms. “Indeed, it took me years to deduce, John,” he mumbles into his hair. “I thought you didn’t want me that way.”
She-lock touches her lips briefly, with long, trembling fingers, lost in thought. “Most gay men don’t want to date drag queens anyway. Not publicly, not for more than a shag. I don’t care, they’re boring, and this is my passion. My body is just transport. For amazing clothes.”
“Nothing,” she says as she holds up the right shoe. “These are six inches. I hope you can handle it.”
Jonathan Wilson is trying to go a bit further than Sherlock is really ready for. Maybe John can help? Time to talk about the elephant in the room.
“Yes,” he blurts, trying to remember the teaching aspect of it all. “Use lots of… saliva…. Like that, yes.”
“A little hint from Doctor Watson to Sherlock Holmes on how to seduce someone,” he breathes through his teeth. “Don't. Be. Yourself.”
‘Adagio for Strings’ by Barber starts playing now. That’s better. Played at Einstein’s funeral once upon a time. Sherlock smirks at Mycroft, whose ears redden.
Sherlock stares at it. He resists the temptation to touch his wig. A knot is forming in his stomach, his back pain acting up.
It takes John a few seconds to adjust - She-lock looks away. She doesn’t want to see his shame, or disappointment, to be here in bed with her.
“We’re in contact. From now on, I will speak as him. You may open your eyes and speak to your friend.”
John had pondered over this riddle for a few days. Why would Mycroft want him to see a medium? And more so: one that’s not even good?
“You were making threats to her. Writing on her mirror, telling her the next death drop would be hers. Stabbing a pair of fake boobs and putting them under her pillow. Putting fake blood into her bath, filling it with rubber ducklings. Attacking her in her hotel room with chloroform. You always were more of a drama queen than a drag queen, brother mine.”
To anyone who might be concerned about that ending, I kindly invite you to reread the tags, you're safe with me boo ;)
Sherlock notices he’s putting his curls in place, trying to act like Sherlock would. Smart. Best not show Moriarty their hand.
A huge thank to you to everyone who's been encouraging me, sharing, laughing, beta'ing, or just quietly reading... I hope you enjoyed this little story, I worked very hard on it.
“Charles. As I have pointed out, the newspaper articles were deeply disturbing. And however way I look at it, the leaked photos can only have come from one source. They’re your papers, Charles. That’s a side of you I wish I hadn’t seen.”
John lifts Sherlock's pants carefully over his straining erection – god, the very idea of it makes his penis twitch in anticipation – but then rips the rest of it off with force. He's surprised to find Sherlock completely naked underneath, not wearing any underwear. Then he focuses on quickly removing his tshirt instead.
The room is filled with the slick sounds of a throat being fucked. Sherlock stills his head completely so John can create his own pace, in and out of his mouth. John squints his eyes and straight up fucks Sherlock’s mouth, lesson be damned. Sherlock seems to be enjoying himself too, isn’t he? It’s not a class anymore. It’s recess.
“Prior to tonight, I asked you to prepare a lip-sync to the Four Seasons song ‘December, 1963 (Oh What A Night)’. The rest of the queens, please stand behind the stage.”
John's fingertips float above his laptop keyboard, like a hanging question. He peers from the kitchen table to Sherlock, who's stretched out on the sofa, immersed in a book.
I believe nobody should ever feel obligated to leave comments - you do you, dear readers. If you feel too much anxiety, don't know what to say, or hated this work, don't say anything, it's fine. However, I mean, do I live and breathe for kudos and comments? Umm, yes, I do ;)
Irene taps the nipples with a pointy stick, then moves to the inners thighs, the frail neck, the earlobes.
Sherlock suddenly reaches inside the front of his pants. John is startled. What's happening, all of the sudden, in this cab?
“Can I have a cigarette break?” Katya Zamolodchikova asks, in a thick Russian accent. She is, according to her file, from Boston, Massachusetts.
“I need you to listen because apparently you didn’t hear it the first time. Nothing means more to me than keeping you safe, John. Nothing. I don’t care what happens to me, she could’ve shot me, she could have killed me. But if she had hurt you, she would not have gotten out of that room alive.”
She-lock takes a quick breath. “No time to ponder, though. We’ll need to find you a pair of stockings.”
“Everything okay up there, your Highness?”, John jokes into the microphone, but a frown creeps on his face.
Once more unto the breach. And over it, apparently. John wraps his arms around Sherlock, and together they drop over the railing. The climbing claw holds, and the strong cable lowers them slowly enough to the street. John holds on, feeling Sherlock’s muscles clench. His nose, for some reason, is right in his curls. Great. People will talk.
Alaska: “Stop relying on that body, She-lockkkk. Literally. Stop doing drag inspired by true crime. Stop with the rigor mortis realness. Goyle, it’s creepy. And that’s a lot coming from me. I dated Sharon Needles.”
“Oh,” Sherlock says, surprised. “Yes, of course. I haven’t clocked out yet. Though the afternoon has been… calm.”
John reaches for Sherlock’s collar and gently pulls it back a little, revealing part of his back. It is… shocking. A barely healed battlefield of long, stretched out wounds, among pathways of older scars.
“He'd slowly trace the edges of my sphincter”, Sherlock narrates again, and John does as Sherlock orders, rubbing the man's anus softly, gently. “And then, when I was least expecting it, he'd enter me.”
John stands a little straighter. Sherlock’s father is an older gentleman with grey hair, kind eyes, and frankly excellent taste in clothes. His suit and bow tie are something John would buy, himself, certainly.
Irene raises the gun and points it at John. John giggles. The joke’s on her. He’s been sedated, he won’t feel anything.
Bainbridge stares at his feet, tears falling. Where is his military training now? John straightens his back.
“You get to eat after this date. The better you behave, the sooner we wrap this up and you get your fill,” Janine says. “Just move around the food on your plate a little, to suggest you’re actually eating. And don’t you worry. You
They watch as She-lock’s microphone gets adjusted by an assistant. Then, the drag-queen-out-of-drag dramatically puts on the glasses.
“You’re telling me you’ve been living with this beautiful man for seven years and nothing ever happened?” Karamo says. “Boy, no. You need to start living your truth.”
Sherlock glances down, and looks at John’s beautiful, thick cock, being pleasured by his own hand, while feeling each and every nerve ending with radiating precision.
Groggily, he rolls his body around on the floor, puts his hands flat next to his head and tries to push himself up. His outstretched arms shake underneath the weight of his torso, and he changes tactics, crawling across the floor like back in his army days.
“There’s been an additional threat to Michelle Visage, and I just wanted to keep you informed because you’re paired with our main suspect,” Lestrade says, adding a mumble: “Somehow. God help us.”
Sherlock immediately pulls the man off, and punches him in the face. A little further down the carriage, John can see people running out the door. Some struggling to take their bags with them, others are just plain panicking. One teenager is undisturbed, playing a game on his phone.
Sholto locks eyes with Irene, who has slipped into John’s white lab coat and is smirking quite near to the medicine cabinet. But John’s attention is quickly brought back to Sholto, who suddenly leans close to his face.
I'm somewhere between proud and sad, because this was the last chapter :( A special thank you goes out to my brilliant gf, without whom this fic wouldn’t exist. And of course a huge thank you from the bottom of my heart to you, readers. You‘ve been absolutely amazing.
“The same can be said for Miss Vanjie,” she continues. “Vanjie displays other tactics to win the competition. She’s constantly lending clothes to Alaska to make sure she’s not eliminated if Alaska wins.”
He stretches a bit, while She-lock sits on the edge of the bed. “I’m sure you have plenty of people to…” John swallows. “Kai kai with. You know, friends.”
“You know, he kissed me,” She-lock says. “Before we got on stage for the lip sync. I forgot to put on lipstick, and he kissed me, to solve it. And now, he’s just a policeman?”
Sherlock pulls himself up behind him, Belstaff flapping in the wind, curls unruly, pale as a sheet - looking straight out of a vampire novel. Sherlock throws the gadget case and the bag away, into a French field. Then he turns to John, panting, with something close to pure panic in his eyes.
“Is that your professional opinion?” John asks, searching Sherlock’s coat pockets for his room key. Finally, he finds it in his trousers’ back pocket. Sherlock’s eyes grow dark while he slips the key card from there.
Virginity is not like a flower to be plucked. It’s a flower that needs watering, care, it needs steady ground and the chance to bloom.
Oooh, this will be good. This is what he came here for. The tributes. The compliments. The kind words - from people! Who knew him!
The rose ceremony takes place at the Sea Life Centre in Chessington Park. Jonathan leads his suitors through a large walk through tunnel before they can collect their roses. Around them, fish swim, dead eyes following them.
John Watson, a grown man, stands there weeping softly now. Shoulders hunched, looking at the floor, clenching his fists. The whole church is quiet, save for the ruffling sounds of handkerchiefs. Even Mycroft wipes away at his eyes. John slowly turns away to get back to his pew, facing Sherlock.
Sherlock and John tread behind Mycroft as he descends a staircase, crosses a large hallway, and reaches a lift. The sensor scans his face and retina before taking them even deeper down into the government facility.
From the sidelines, Magnussen stares intently at John. This is the moment he’s supposed to step forward and declare he’s quitting the show.
“Too nice, yeah. For Sherlock. Suddenly he’s carrying groceries and cooking breakfast with freshly pressed orange juice. Like he’s going to hold a door open for me and suddenly I’ll forgive him for faking his death or something.”
“This rose ceremony was particularly hard for me,” Jonathan says. “I really want to believe in the best in people.”
A silent figure that’s unmistakably John walks up the darkened aisle. Sherlock adjusts his vicar’s dress and fake beard and watches it happen. Watches his John walk into his life again, maybe one last time.
, and now John has put him in an awkward position, on television. He should make this turning down thing a little easier on him.
“In any case”, Lestrade interrupts. “We’ll be able to hear and record everything you and She-lock say. So try and get her to confess, eh?”
“Go back to your little drawer in New York City, where you belong,” She-lock says. “Everybody loves puppets, not muppets.”
She-lock steps closer to him, making John stand upright immediately. “Your limp is psychosomatic,” She-lock whispers tauntingly in his ear.
They haven’t spoken a word of it anymore. John woke up with his limbs tangled around Sherlock, then quietly extracted himself - it was like ripping off a band aid, except he was the wound.
Mycroft moves closer, invading his space. He growls. “Do you have the faintest idea what my brother has been through?”
No. This, Sherlock can’t handle. He quickly closes the Bible, and moves on to another prayer. He flies through the amens, and announces it’s time for everyone’s communion wafers.
There’s the sound of a zipper being pulled down. John swallows. He covers his face as Sherlock’s hand slides down his spine and then lets go of him.
John tries to look back at Sharon, but is afraid to lean too much backwards and fall over. So he just focuses on his end goal - She-lock.
Sherlock swallows. His eyes glance briefly at John's, and if he didn't know better, he would have sworn there was a hint of sadness in them.
That’s how John suddenly finds himself in the third row of the Apollo Victoria Theatre in London, equipped with headphones to listen in, and a tiny microphone with which he can whisper flirting instructions into Sherlock’s tiny earpiece during the first group date. Sherlock did prick him a few times this morning while pinning the microphone on him. The only evidence that their fight hadn’t been forgotten. Typical. Maybe, once this case was over, they’d have a proper row over it. Maybe he’d be off Sherlock’s cases forever, unless for some reason he’d need another flirting expert, or - a doctor.
Meanwhile, Magnussen lowers himself in the saddle too, behind John. He takes the reins, and rests his chin on John’s shoulder.
“Shut up”, Sherlock replies, looking himself in the face. He breathes deeply, looking down at John’s still erect cock. This cannot stand.
But when the door closes behind them, he can’t help but be endeared by John’s bulging eyes, open mouth, and childlike excitement. The Sleeping Beauty suite is far bigger than 221B, and far more expensive-looking. It has a large dining room with seating for ten, it has a spacious and light living room filled with Disney memorabilia, a luxurious bathroom with rain shower and -
“What is it?” John asks, distressed. “They’re still in the bedroom upstairs, if that’s what you’re worried…”
She keeps her eyes closed just a few more seconds, remembering how he rejected her. Why did he do that?
After about five thrusts, John lets go. “When the bit of food is ejected from their mouth, let go. They should be able to breathe on their own again.”
John, for his part, doesn’t know if he’s even providing any coherent data there, to draw conclusions.
John should protest. He hasn’t experimented in the army. He really shouldn’t, here, either. It’s on the tip of his tongue. But Sherlock’s fingers are now tracing John’s lips, effectively making protest impossible.
Under the watchful - scornful - gaze of Mycroft, he approaches John and sits down in the pew next to him, not even looking at him.
In the background, Janine watches them dance, arms crossed, smiling smugly. John looks down at the empty cocktail glass. O true apothecary, thy drugs are quick.
John grabs the three plastic bags before Sherlock can get to them, and stomps out of the store, onto the street. The heavy bags pull on his shoulder, like toddlers craving attention. Two steps behind him, Sherlock follows. Trying to catch up.
“I can assure you, it was rather unpleasant to be woken up by production for that reason,” Jonathan continues. “It’s also very tedious to have to ignore journalists calling you every ten minutes.”
But before Sherlock can recover, John - inside Sherlock’s body - interrupts. “He doesn’t. Now let’s go, S… John, I mean. Let’s go home,
Sherlock quickly runs his eyes over him. His hair looks… greyer. His eyes tired. He looks smaller, somehow.
“So John, you’re new here,” Magnussen tries to make conversation. “Tell us a little about yourself. Were you the stand-in suitor all along?”
-Monét X Change: queen who wore an epic sponge dress (seriously; google it) and then sponges became her thing
Him? Her? John frowns. This is confusing. He decides to keep it at ‘him’, as long as She-lock is out of drag, like now. Apart from a frankly alarming amount of mascara on his eyes, She-lock is quite formally dressed for the setting: tailored, black suit, white shirt, hair impeccable. He sticks out like a sore thumb. The others are wearing bejeweled hats, crop tops and their own merch. Save for RuPaul, who’s wearing a bright green suit with a purple tie.
The whole room changes. As the artificial light drops away, the moon brings out a whole different surface, a different texture to the world. Hidden things are uncovered. Shadows fall differently, like dice.
John turns the doorknob. It’s unlocked. And then he slowly opens the door, and it’s just like in the movies. Only, from two different sides it’s two different movies. John opens the door and this is pure horror: he sees his dead friend, pale as a ghost, standing next to the sitting room table. Sherlock, completely unaware that he’s in a horror film, has dressed up in a tight black suit and has filled the place with flowers. What did Sherlock think this was? Some sort of romantic Victorian drama? Everywhere, there are bright, white roses, cornflowers and Baby’s Breath.
Underneath, it is Sherlock. A bit ruffled. His white shirt quite loose around the edges. Definitely lost weight. His hair shorter, yet already curly. His posture tense.
“You out him”, John adds, “To his closest friends, against his wishes.” Then, hesitantly, he adds. “If he is gay, which, might I add, we're well into the new millennium and it's actually completely okay to be gay – well, if he is, then that is none of your business.”
There’s some mild cheers from the contestants - and Dimmock - for the two drag queens seated at the high judging panel in front of them. According to Lestrade’s briefing, these two former contestants rose to unstoppable fame partly thanks to All Stars, which was Absolut All Stars’ predecessor show.
Sherlock bites his bottom lip. John searches his face. Is he being sarcastic? John’s heart flutters in his chest like a trapped butterfly.
Next and last chapter will be posted on Monday. I'll be sad to let this go! But it's time for the big ruveal...
A small note. A few individuals said I should tag this dubcon. I (strongly) disagree that it is dubcon, but if you’re easily triggered, continue at your own discretion.
They’re cramped, the three of them, inside the tiny helicopter space. Sherlock opposite John, and next to John, the woman sits. She looks a bit like Léa Seydoux. On her exposed shoulder, there’s a giant octopus tattoo.
A soft snore escapes John’s open mouth on the pillow. Sherlock retreats hesitantly. Of course John would be tired, after a day full of excitement. The car, the casino, the Eurostar ride, and then French television. It’s too much for any person. Especially combined with wine.
Mycroft rolls his eyes. “Oh, please. Everybody wants that codename. I’m afraid we reserve that number for our employee of the month.”
“I was promised six minutes of screen time!” Todrick says. “I ate a hotdog in the back of Ru’s car for this!”
“Well, text the Nobel Prize committee, I’ve got it,” he says, pouring the final solution in two cups. “Moriarty, Mary’s body I mean, and myself should rub this on our skin and think of the other, we’ll be transported right back.”
“Located the incriminating evidence in his bedroom. Do I need to spell everything out for you, John?”
Next to them, a scientist pours water on an umbrella, which immediately closes quite violently. The ends have sharp pins on them, entrapping whoever would be underneath it. They all stare at it.
In a sure and steady pace, Sherlock’s tongue dives in and out of John’s hole. John almost wails with pleasure. With his fists, he grabs the bed sheets underneath him. He’s grunting, pushing back in a steady rhythm, fucking Sherlock’s tongue. John groans. He can’t believe this is happening, how fucking good this feels.
“He must’ve faked his suicide!” Sherlock explains, scandalised. John’s voice can go to a strange high place, apparently.
Then, Sherlock lets go. His face looks like a thousand pieces of glass shattering. John looks back, confused. Something’s wrong. A numbness spreads from his neck over his shoulder. Dizziness sets in. He looks at Jonathan on the couch, still in an oddly deep sleep. He looks at the bathroom door, behind which there’s still the sound of water running, then it stops.
Well. Reliving his swimming pool traumas wouldn’t feel very festive. But Sherlock has never been great at reading social cues.
This seems to wake John up from his stunned state, because he pushes Sherlock back hard against the wall, effectively immobilising him.
In an instant, a switch gets flipped - from drama queen to doctor mode. John staunches the blood flow while Sherlock calls an ambulance. The production team makes sure the ambulance parks at the back of the hotel, away from any paparazzi - and soon they’re caught up in one adrenaline wave after the other. Sherlock’s room is swarming with coppers and they’ve been answering the same questions over and over, when suddenly, Mycroft walks in.
Except Jinkx’ new toyboy, apparently named Dimmock. She-lock rolls her eyes. Jinkx is probably already planning on sleeping with him. Or
Sherlock scrapes his throat. “Tell me, Sebastian. You're an investment bank director, aren't you? Was it five percent or ten percent psychopaths who work in the finance industry?”
? I can’t protect him like this, John. If I’m prancing around singing musical numbers while Wilson gets slaughtered on television, how do you think that will look? What hashtags will they come up with then?”
Sherlock helps John up and guides him to Jonathan Wilson’s bed. It’s still covered in rose petals. John is utterly confused. Everything is hazy. Now the adrenaline has worn off, the mist creeps back over him.
“I can’t believe the others got to sit on a bed together, giggling in each other’s general direction, and I got dealt
John had jumped on Moriarty, been ready to die to protect him, and at that exact moment, Sherlock knew.
case though? Johh sighs. They've been bored out of their minds for days. Proof: Sherlock is reading a popular science book.
“So when they call you, please, don’t engage," John says. "Don’t even answer ‘yes’ or ‘no’, because that might become a story. If they ask you if you enjoyed me touching your butt, and you answer ‘no’, then the next headline is “I Hated Him Touching My Ass’. Seriously, Sherlock. Just don’t pick up anymore.”
A few tense seconds pass. Then they both burst out laughing. Sherlock wipes tears from John’s eyes, John is bent over, grabbing his small waist.
Michelle Visage is the reason they’ve been called in. The infamous judge and Ru’s best friend has been getting death threats. It started with a message on her hotel room mirror, written in lipstick: “The next death drop is YOURS”.
“So, where did you learn to play Texas Hold’em?” John asks Wiggins. “Did you, eh, pick it up as a student?”
“Right, that’s it, everybody leave, now,” Sherlock says, and starts pushing the cameramen out the door. “Too much guyliner in the room.”
He feels a tinge of regret thinking of Molly like that. He likes her, she’s great, she’d make a great girlfriend for anyone. But he’s fine with his life. It is what it is.
He grabs Wilson’s hand, and next to him, Magnussen’s hand as well, to form a small prayer circle. John takes Sherlock’s and Bainbridge’s hands. It feels odd, not very British at all, praying over food. But it does make David stand out, he supposes.
When John sits on his bed, hair dripping, bathrobe feeling not nearly tight enough, he glares at the two men.
She-lock follows John to the door. Michelle Visage? Unconscious? Perhaps she just fell over and forgot that she needs to stretch her arms because her boobs aren’t her own private car airbags anymore, post-reduction.
Next to him, David bows to John. “She looks so hot today, doesn’t she? God, she could turn a queer.”
John plucks a petal. It’s a half-hearted, old-fashioned, nostalgic gesture. When he was a child, playing with Harry, they would pluck flowers.
“I envy your tiny brain, John. This woman is clearly a prostitute. She’s not MI6 - her nail polish and roots should tell you as much. Her perfume’s cheap, her underwear is not. The octopussy on her shoulder is a nice touch, though. Well done, Mycroft.”
“The End of the World restaurant,” Sherlock says, rapidly. “You once asked me if… If I would have dinner with you, if it was the end of the world. Then, it suddenly all clicked. The show’s tagline.
“No you didn’t, you daft bastard.” John peers into the candles, breathing heavily. Then he looks up again. “Is Moriarty really dead?”
“We’re unarmed, both of us,” he explains, adjusting an earring. “Mary and I propose a temporary truce. I think we both want the same thing: feel like ourselves again. I would like to leave this body before her period starts.”
“Now that I have you backed into a corner…” Jonathan jokes, but then his face grows grave. “I must ask you about the massage pictures. Of course.”
Sherlock seems to pale. Out of nowhere a butler appears, in one hand a tray with appetizers, in the other a champagne bottle.
“What about you, Sherlock Holmes, the clever detective in the funny hat?”, he says. “Actually, I think you
John is feeling less and less at ease, as they come closer to their judging. At least it’s distracting him from thinking about the kiss - his tucking tape feels a bit less… chafing.
“John,” Sherlock suddenly says, in a serious tone. “I must once again apologise for the leaked pictures. If I had known…”
“Or once you open your mouth,” John adds. “But I’ve thought of that. I’ll pose as a student doctor. That way, you can ask me to perform examinations and tell me I’m doing well, while providing patients with actual care.”
“I got over it”, Penelope says, while John stares at the content of his champagne glass. The bubbles rise to the top, where they dramatically die. Each and every one. “I'm with this lovely guy now”, she smiles, while squeezing Sebastian's hand.
“Meeting point,” Sherlock says, and swipes a hotel card at her door. It opens, and as he pulls them inside, a dreaded feeling enters John.
When it’s over, David’s fingers linger a little longer over Jonathan Wilson’s hand before letting go. Their hands are still very close to each other on the tabletop, though. Sherlock stares at them.
How to phrase this? He doesn’t want Sherlock to close himself off from the world once more, feeling judged by even his best friend. John shouldn’t have implied that Sherlock was acting slutty, just for kissing someone.
Suddenly, John feels alarm bells going off. They’re not trying to fix him up with Molly, are they? She did sign him up for this show, after all. Not to… Not to craft him into the perfect husband, he hopes?
, there are huge grainy pictures of Bainbridge and Jonathan Smalls, taken with a telephoto lens. They’re inside a bedroom at the Landmark. Having... a conversation. In depth.
With his other hand, John moves his hand from his nipple to his own pants, slowly pushing them down, releasing his cock. Then, he pushes forward until their cocks touch.
Mary’s body gestures to a bag of blood next to a microscope and what looks like a fully outfitted laboratory.
John shakes Sherlock’s head. “I can’t believe we’re about to do this,” he says, approaching rather eagerly for someone protesting so much.
Karamo pulls John into his arms. Into his really, really muscled arms. “What a cool place you guys have.”
It’s not like he’s had time to properly think about this. What it all means. But surely, Sherlock must have felt it, too? Last night wasn’t just a thing between mates. It was puzzle pieces accidentally falling into each other, creating a perfect picture together. It was unlike anything John has ever experienced.
John sharply retains eye contact with her. Yet, in the corner of his eyes, he can see her boobs bounce a little downward, conforming to gravity. This is surely not cheating on Sherlock - yet he should probably say bi, errr, bye soon.
“These are Sandy and Simon. We were all in the same dorm together, all of us”, Sebastian explains. “They're already married.” He makes retching noises.
“What do you think I do with her when I babysit her, John?” Molly asks. “Show her body parts in the lab?”
Their first dance flows effortlessly. As if they have been dancing around each other for over a hundred years.
Jonathan looks Sherlock up and down, intently. They stand chest against chest. Jonathan must feel Sherlock’s heaving against him. (Or other body parts John doesn’t intend to think about. Definitely not thinking about.)
“Oh, Ru,” She-lock says. “I know she’s shading me by pairing me up with someone so old he still remembers the parting of the Dead Sea, but I can solve every bad case of straight fashion - no offence, John, almost everyone has it. I can deduce exactly what shapes and colours will make this John Doe into a beautiful deer.”
He is perhaps a bit skinnier than Sherlock remembers, and the lines drawn in his face deeper, but there’s no mistaking it. As much as Sherlock wishes it wasn’t… it really is John Watson standing before him.
“You’re lucky. It could have been much worse. I read on Molly Hooper’s blog that she made Moriarty watch
“The church is full!” Sherlock interrupts, panting. The journalists struggle to get their microphones closer to his face. “I’m afraid there’s no more room for you.”
John exchanges a look with Lestrade. This sounds…. Like something the police has no business listening to.
John shifts his legs. If there was ever a moment to step up and declare he’s leaving on his own merit, now is the time.
“I’m not here for that,” John says, but sits down obediently. He doesn’t remove his dark green coat.
. It was no lie. Except for the part where somehow it would always be John's fault. He sighs. It's half past eleven in the evening. Time to take a shower, perhaps. He throws his rugby shirt away, angrily.
Sherlock complies. Jonathan looks at him in surprise. A soft smile tugs at the corner of Jonathan’s mouth.
“At camp, for example, I admired my slightly older, muscled leaders in ways that are not very heterosexual. I would compare boners with friends, sometimes, and the thought alone was… well, fodder. You know how it is. And later, in the army…”
It’s the hipster assistant, the one who wears beanies indoors. He’s carrying a white shirt and a pair of black pants.
It’s all the encouragement he needs. John positions himself behind Sherlock. The sight is straight from the book of gods. Sherlock’s marble skin shines in the moonlight as he bends for John, shakily.
,” John says, angrily. “And now Sherlock might die. In a… beautiful magical place,” he mumbles as his eyes land on the Alices dragging the cart into the iconic Sleeping Beauty Castle, on top of a small mountain. They’re sweaty from the effort, causing parents to look at them disapprovingly and ushering their children away.
“During our initial conversation with Sebastian, I noticed how uncomfortable he got when I mentioned the traveling to him”, Sherlock says. “So I asked around. Talked to his secretary. Turns out they were all business travels, and he never ever takes a proper holiday.”
John nods and turns. Better bite the bullet. Together, they mount the stairs to their apartment, both old and new. As Sherlock enters, he whirls quickly around the place, making deductions rapidly.
Sherlock throws his head back and laughs. But before he can reply, Janine comes over, carrying drinks.
“The Queen’s military strongly advises to have several rounds in your chamber,” Sholto concludes. “Now, at ease, soldier.”
John puts the tip of one finger inside of Sherlock, who's now entirely still, and focused on only the feeling of his finger, it seems.
John stares. Those long, beautiful fingers. How can anyone act like being touched by this beautiful, extraordinary man
They had to do take after take because, John imagines, his eyes were channeling only a desire for the sweet release of death.
John stares, bewildered. Sherlock’s heart beats right out of his chest. Is John seeing right through him? Even in disguise, he feels suddenly naked.
Suddenly, he hears a foreign sound – a strangled sigh, and the whole world seems to stop, even if the water keeps streaming. He hesitates, turns the faucet off, and then opens the shower door, to peek his head around the corner. He nearly gets scared to death. Right there, on the closed toilet lid, Sherlock sits, his long legs crossed.
“Well. Here I am”, Victor says, and they hold each other's gaze without looking away. John clears his throat and lightly taps his fingers to his glass.
“Oh really?” Sherlock says, forgetting to add a French accent. He mustn’t get sloppy - but he has been getting quite bored. He’s been naming
Slowly, he slides his fingers from John’s lower back upwards, to the base of his neck, and disperses his hands to either shoulder. Not too hard, just to feel his body out. A low moan escapes John’s lips. God, it’s electrifying.
“I’m obsessed with Joan’s lesbian look,” Katya says. “It’s so Raven. Oh, and that violin part you did during your lip-sync and dance? Brilliant. You reminded me of Thorgy... before she was taken by the reptilian people.”
“Nice to meet you, I'm Millie Hopper, the sexy tomboy”, Sarah says with a mischievous smile. John is pleasantly surprised that she's so dedicated to the concept. “You don't seem dressed up at all?”
Sherlock grunts at her. She’s clearly using her annoying French accent to try to extract information, and for no higher reason than her curiosity.
“I know you used to be a drag queen,” Sherlock says, indulging in Wiggins’ shocked expression. “I saw the old photographs on the bathroom wall of the Trapeze Bar.”
John knows he shouldn’t have searched the hashtag. But here he is, early morning in his hotel room wrapped up in his complimentary bathrobe, exposing himself to the bird shit that is a Twitter timeline. He closes his eyes. The first episode hasn’t even aired yet, and #WNAH is already trending. Apparently, a “photographer” of the Daily Fail had captured the moment Sherlock exited his limousine to meet Wilson. The picture is grainy, yet clear.
“Do what?”, Sherlock asks, biting into an apple. Where did he get an apple? Does his hotel room have fresh fruit because he’s a suitor?
When John enters the room, Sherlock is staring out the window. The room is covered in candles, shrouding him in shivering shadows. Sherlock’s back, wrapped in a white bathrobe, is ramrod straight. Sherlock could probably benefit from a relaxing rubdown, actually, John thinks as he eyes the massage bed in the middle of the room.
Dutifully, Sherlock wraps his long fingers around the base of his cock, and looks at it, almost in wonder. Like it’s the most glorious thing he’s ever seen. Lightly, he gives it a stroke, and even though it’s clumsy, it’s the hottest thing John has ever seen. There’s just something about introducing someone else to sex that’s incredibly arousing to John.
From a distance, wearing a cap and sunglasses and blending in with groups of tourists, John watches them. He feels his jaw throb from Moran’s punches. This is definitely not a game anymore. Not a birthday surprise. Something has gone very, very wrong.
“Shhhhhlock,” he slurs, half reaching for his friend as his knees give out and he slowly, helplessly crashes to the floor.
Sherlock tries to look impassive, but inwardly he’s panicking. How dare his brother meddle in his personal affairs like this? John is
“Fuck,” John says to himself. He turns off his phone and starts pacing the room. That’s the last thing he needed. His own rejection - his own obvious want and need for Sherlock - to be publicly dissected and taken to polls. And once they start airing
Maybe John should have warned Sherlock earlier - a few days ago, or perhaps when he first agreed to doing this. But he was afraid Sherlock would leave before they started filming, and the thought of going through this alone was even worse.
John takes a piece of bread and bites a large chunk off it without bothering to put cheese or meat on it. He can’t quite swallow it down. It crowds his throat.
“Of course I’m angry with him,” John says. “But I’m also grateful. He saved my life, in many ways. And I think he saved yours, too, several times.”
Sherlock’s contempt is venomous. “For god’s sake, we’re dressed as doped up Elphabas and Glindas, how surprised are we supposed to be?”
Sherlock immediately flees to his room. Typical, John thinks. Probably there'll be a week of silence next. '
The hairs in John’s neck - and wig - rise as She-lock leans forward to whisper in his ear. “On All Stars 2, Alaska had a hissy fit and told people she would Paypal them 10,000 dollars if they didn’t eliminate her.”
Sherlock slightly falters. Dear Lord. This man is so oblivious there could have been rose petals on the bed and he’d still have thought a strong gust of wind carried them in.
John feels nauseous. Last night - he remembers. Sherlock’s hands on his back, softly caressing him. Not once did he hesitate to touch his scar. Nobody had ever done that with John before.
“That's none of your business”, Sherlock replies indignantly. And suddenly, John knows what's going on. Victor is likely a former lover, a first relationship that ended rather badly, wounds not fully healed. What was it that Sherlock had said? Women –
He lifts a finger and softly traces across Sherlock’s collar bone. Maybe that’s not technically an erogenous zone, but he always wanted to do that. And it seems to have an effect on Sherlock either way, who braces, as if for impact.
want that? Sherlock is absentmindedly touching Jonathan’s fingers on his trousers. They look great together. Two beautiful people.
“It’s fine,” John says, frowning. Did Sherlock like his haircut? Christ. He feels like a teenage girl ready to whip out her diary.
Something dark crosses Phi Phi’s face. She steps closer. She-lock can feel her breath almost on her upper lip. “Speaking of international reputations…” Phi Phi says. “How does it feel to be the only unfuckable drag queen in the world?”
and John? Sherlock’s not getting a makeover, is he? But before he can comment, they’re already moving inside the large London zoo. Rosie cackles as Molly leads her straight to Butterfly Paradise.
“Nnnhhmm,” John says. His back arches, as Sherlock moves his middle finger in and out, just the tip of it, still.
He lowers his voice, pours some gentleness into it. “What I was doing earlier, with your fingers, was the power of suggestion. Sex isn’t just in and out and that’s it. It’s playful, it’s trying out different touches, it’s discovering erogenous zones.”
“Oh no, these are just to practise, like learning how to ride a bicycle with training wheels. I’ve got some ten inch ones waiting for you, darling.”
“I’m sorry for your lo--,” he manages, but Mycroft grabs him by the arm and drags him past the altar, into the shadows.
“My people found him there ages ago,” Mycroft says. “I’m afraid to say he’s in no state to finish the service.”
Sherlock walks up to Mycroft and grabs his violin case from under his chair. Mycroft shoots him a meaningful look. Next to him, Harry leans over and whispers something in his ear. What on earth are those two bonding over? Mycroft shakes his head. John sure hopes she didn’t bring her weed stash.
The Afghan war brought honours and promotion to many. But to John, it meant nothing but misfortune and disaster.
When they arrive at the Landmark, after five more rotations that made John want to punch London in the Eye, Sherlock slides between the elevator doors right before they close. He pushes the button to the second floor, and positions himself between John and Jonathan.
Finally, they let him go, and he’d frankly kill for a nap. But just as he’s about to enter his hotel room, he sees Sherlock exit the elevator. In the gap between the closing elevator doors, he catches a quick glimpse of Jonathan Wilson leaning against the back wall, smiling. Looking rather smitten, really.
Yet it feels almost illegal, the way his tongue finds a way to hers, scours the edges, lightly sucks and
Sherlock waits patiently, and stares at John. He can see him perfectly from the kitchen, wrapped up under a blanket, laughing at an idiotic comedy. He almost regrets that their Bond nights are over, now. He doesn’t get invited to watch films with John anymore.
“I’ve noticed you’ve gained an interest in drag queens,” She-lock says, spreading her arms across the bed’s pillows, relaxing into them. “But I was hoping you’d go deeper.”
After all, She-lock is the main suspect in their investigation, and potential murderers are decidedly not hot.
This has gone on too long. It’s clear Sherlock is doing just fine, despite what Mycroft might claim.
“it’s ridiculous”, She-lock says, indignantly. “Sharon can chew on a blood bag all over the runway, but when I accessorise with some severed legs, I’m not high fashion enough?”
“Oh honey. Oh hooooney. Don’t get your hopes up, Katya,” Trixie says. “100,000 dollars, it ain’t that much, once you’ve bought 10 rounds of lip injections.”
And something very strange happens on stage. Dimmock throws himself completely into it. He’s swiffering the floor, he’s walking bent backwards like Yvie Oddly, he’s death-dropping, he’s pointer-sistering left to right, he’s jump-splitting so hard his lipstick flies out of his fake boobs and hits Katya in the face. He’s
With his right hand, Sherlock slowly strokes upward John’s penis again, and then down. With his other hand, he cups John’s balls while putting his mouth back over the - already glistening again - head. The warmth of Sherlock’s mouth combined with his apparent eagerness makes John -
Ru giggles. John closes his mouth - his jaws seem to have parted all on their own. What on earth are they chatting about?
John could easily walk away now. Leave Jonathan simmering in his anger, and take Sherlock home. But how could he be so selfish? Winning by tripping the competition is not winning. And Sherlock should get a shot at getting what he wants. And what he wants, is Jonathan.
After She-lock has successfully squeezed John in a beautiful dark outfit that turns him into a hot and uniform-wearing lesbian, she focuses on applying make-up on his face. It’s weird to do it on someone else, but she has thankfully practised this on her landlady before coming onto the show.
“Well, not a murderer, per se,” Michelle says. “Short version, I’m… not dead. Can you imagine such a thing? No, seriously. Can you?”
John hangs his head. Of course. Of course that’s what Sherlock would think - that this was John’s not so subtle way of telling him to find a new apartment. Not a love declaration. Why would he expect one? He’s been screaming at him that he’s not gay, for years.
“Oh, Alaska Thunderfuck 5000,” She-lock says. “Oops, sorry. Strictly no thunderfucking allowed on screen, which you don’t mind, because you’re not nearly as punk as you’d like to be. You’re a sell-out….
Sharon scowls. “I only wanted her unconscious to take a few pictures, to prove she was scamming all of us.”
-Violet Chachki: drag queen who, according to gossip, stole Sharon's crown during a night out (long before appearing on Drag Race herself)
He punches Moriarty and wrestles him to the ground. Since Moriarty’s good hand is still impaired by the trap, John can easily dodge his return blows. He flips the man over and grabs him in a chokehold.
“Are we even insured for this… lunacy?” Sherlock asks the stage technician, bewildered. He rubs his temples, accidentally wiping off some of the green paint.
“There’s a wound to the abdomen - incredibly fine,” John says, crouched over the body of Bill Wiggins. He can still feel his cheek burning from Sherlock’s slap. Though he should be focusing on other bodies, of course.
Sherlock straightens John’s shoulders and gets to work. He tests and mixes and tastes and peers into the microscope while Moriarty, Mary and John make a strange, mostly quiet company. John stares at him intently. Probably an odd experience to see
Sherlock doesn’t know how to finish his sentence. He can feel the tears gathering in his eyes, but he can’t cry. Vicars don’t cry.
“Detective Lestrade just told you himself: they arrested Jonathan Smalls this morning. Therefore, he can’t be the one who wrote the threatening note, the one who’s after Wilson. Because we were shot at during our horse riding adventure, remember? How would Smalls manage that from prison?”
Moriarty pulls into the underground parking lot of a large, darkened building. An abandoned children’s hospital; closed after funding was pulled. Its benefactor, apparently, turned out to be a serial killer a few years ago. Sherlock had read about it with interest, in the papers.
Soon, they enter a tiny room. The walls are adorned with gold silk wallpaper, the floor is all red-patterned carpet, in the corner there’s an aquarium with a python inside, and in the middle there’s a single poker table.
“I want to use the ouija board to speak to my deceased friend, Sherlock Holmes,” John says, looking up now, straight into Sherlock’s soul.
John frowns. Unless that was Sherlock’s goal? Maybe he didn't deign to admit he wanted to quit these trips. Obviously Sherlock loathes grocery shopping, so he thought of a lewd strategy to make John yell at him in public. Then John would be the bad guy, and solve his problem for him, and Sherlock wouldn’t technically be a quitter.
John blinks. He never thought he’d hear Sherlock Holmes, the great detective, utter the words ‘erogenous zones’. He’s pretty sure that, whoever Sherlock ends up with, his partner will discover a new erogenous zone just by listening to his voice vibrate.
Jonathan Wilson simply stares at him for ten seconds. Then he turns to Janine. “Leave, I’d like to speak with him alone.”
Sherlock closes his eyes. He doesn’t think his legs will carry him much longer. He’s already near the floor on John’s.
With his other hand, John moves his hand from his nipple to his mouth, and Sherlock takes one finger inside, wrapping his tongue around it.
David and Bainbridge’s horse rears in distress, throwing off David. Meanwhile, Sherlock and John’s horses take off running, fast.
She-lock hasn’t said a word since their kiss and their subsequent lip-sync, dance and runway posing. But surely that has nothing to do with that transfer of dark blue lipstick. Kind of like a positive STD, now that John thinks about it. Or something.
Nothing. Sherlock looks to his side, and sees that John has pulled the plug from the speakers angrily. He walks back to his seat, without as much as a look at the vicar, or anyone else.
Magnussen doesn’t bat an eye. “Cheating? Nobody forced you to let Jonathan Smalls stab you with his meat dagger.”
John shifts on his heels. He and She-lock wait at the end of the line, while all the other queens get read. The judges don’t seem in a particularly good mood…
“We do not have green figs, Monsieur,” the voice on the other end of the telephone replies, with a hint of fear in her voice.
