There’s the desire to go over all the times you had with them and wonder if you should have said something, or not have said something, or did something, or should have held back something.
His first instinct, brought on by habit, was to call Cas but it wouldn’t have been great if Dean called Cas to talk about Cas.
Dean suspected maybe yes on the last one since Cas was the first one to ask about their future together, but Dean has learned not to take anything for granted.
One was him flipping the camera off after he took a shitter off the board, but the other one, the last one sent, was of Dean laying on his back at the lake with the hat over his head, just after he—
“I’ve rarely been here. I went to boarding school my whole academic career and then off to college for another six,” Cas explained. “I would come back for some holidays but never toured the town to say hello and tried to avoid the parties. I think you can tell I don’t like them very much.
Nodding, Cas moved over to the travel lane as they passed another field, and a sign that indicated the exit was half a mile away. A knot began to form in his stomach.
He didn’t move quickly as he tapped into that knowledge from Sunday, knowing the longer he drew it out, the more desperate Dean got.
Videos and photos were not needed that night. Dean settled down, the music pumping through the room like he was back in that club. The images were pre-loaded. A small voice asked him if it was right to whack one off while using the image of someone who may or may not return his same level of feelings—but he ignored it. The train had already left the station.
Michael sighed and Cas heard him get up from the chair, walking over. Tensing, he focused on placing the books neatly inside the bag instead of looking over.
“Today is a good day to die” may be fine for the person it applies to, but you’re angry that it doesn’t take into account the people that are left behind. They suddenly have to cope with sudden silence where there used to be life, a familiar voice, and face.
They didn’t have the time to fool around with the foreplay, but it wasn’t like Dean really needed it. He was ready to go the minute he stepped into the small changing room, nerves wired into the reality of their situation. And standing like that for too long would just hurt his back later, Dean conceded.
Dean didn’t want to look  Michael in the eyes. Out of all the Charlestons, he hated Michael the most.
It had been clear to Cas in the truck, and clearer still when they got out and he could see Dean’s face, that he was nervous. Cas found comfort in that, given he hadn’t been able to quiet his nerves for a week.
Swallowing the self-doubt that began to show its face, Cas headed to the back bar where more people seemed to be, firm in his conviction to try and immerse himself for at least some time in that atmosphere.
However, it wasn’t the only relationship that took a hit. Dean rarely smiled at Castiel again or even looked him in the eye for longer than a second, and while he didn’t push Castiel away, he often didn’t welcome conversations unless Castiel began them.
When he wanted to join the priesthood, he knew he would be vowing to live a life of poverty and wouldn’t have the big fancy things that lived inside the mausoleum that was his childhood home.
“Hello… go to cabin. don’t come here. Zachar… …hael know. afraid… you…they tail… don’t come… church. Please call me back,” Cas said, his voice hardly audible.
Instead, Cas turned and grabbed the spare car keys hanging off the hook next to the door. He didn’t bother looking behind him as he flung the door open and slammed it hard enough behind him that the glass rattled.
Even small kisses like the one Cas just received would be enough to kickstart the whole thing, sitting on the sidewalk and reveling in the gentleness of the touch.
But they walked down the hall anyway and opened the door to a lively Christmas. Garth’s children sitting on the couch, dutifully watching The Grinch while Claire sat next to them, occasionally pointing at the screen explaining what was going on. Jack, Kaia, and Patience sat in concentration on the floor nearby as a Scattergories ticker wound down; Alex and Sam sat apart from each other, engrossed in some kind of conversation which, based on past experiences, probably had something to do with the latest crime documentary on Netflix; Eileen, Garth, Donna, Jody, and Bess all sat at a fold out table, their card game abandoned for some amusing story that occasionally had one or two of them laugh loudly over the TV.
Cas didn’t hesitate this time, also pulling the t-shirt off, laying it next to Dean’s, and headed over to him on the bed.
He didn’t elaborate or still give Cas any indication of an answer, and Cas knew he had to stand down for now. He wasn’t going to get any direction today, and to keep pushing Dean meant another chance for frustration and anger to come back.
“I actually don’t know. I never fully dedicated myself to understand what I was seeing. I just like looking at them,” he explained, “Sometimes I googled, but I mostly just liked how it looked.”
Dean ripped the paper off and looked around for Benny’s wallet which sat on top of his neatly folded clothing on the other chair across the room. He opened the wallet, tucked it in right behind Benny’s credit card.
“We have to work on our timing a little,” Dean answered, overhearing. Cas glanced back over and saw Dean smile, cheeks flushed, hair mused, and eyes so dark in the dim light—already looking thoroughly—
Dean kept his eyes on the both of them, on Cas, pressed against him fully for the most part with his eyes closed. Cas shifted his mouth off Dean’s shoulder and over to his neck.
Somehow, in the driving, drinking at the club, and night with Dean, Cas had forgotten to talk to him about the bigger issue at hand.
Reynolds looked at Dean in the eye before doing a complete once over from top to bottom, appraising him.
“I’m assuming that during this party I’m supposed to introduce myself and try to win her favor like we are actually living in this Shakesperian drama like you said, and somehow end up in one of those new homes in Stony Gates with three children and a dog?”
“I like him,” Cas eventually said, “I like how easy it is to talk to him. And the other night after we got home, he actually snuck into my backyard just to return my wallet. I thought that was...kind of him.”
“Mrs. Gonzalez told me she goes to see her daughter every other day for lunch and dinner, and Mickey and his wife went to California for a week or something,” Cas answered, walking up alongside Dean and looking at the empty houses.
As Cas watched towering white clouds roll on by, he mused about his choice to not pursue priesthood. It was a decision that had a long ramp up, but that had ultimately been decided one cold night in his dorm after praying for what felt like eight hours straight.
“Well, I think the proposal should be down the pond just beyond your field. She liked that when you two first met,” Zachariah said, nodding his head to Cas. “I think it’s also just a nice bookend. That kind of symbolism means a lot to her. She’s all about that mushy crap.”
Sam sighed again, some of his indignation melting but he still had that all-too-familiar frown of annoyance directed at Dean.
Joshua paused to see if Cas would continue. When Cas stayed silent, Joshua sighed and sat back on his heels.
Despite the surge of adrenaline from earlier, when Dean had gotten back into his car, he realized that he would be leaving
Gray sunlight filtered through the gauzy curtains the following morning. The room took its time to brighten, allowing its occupants to snooze for a couple of extra hours.
Cas sighed and glanced around them to see if anyone was close enough to overhear their conversation. They were sitting on the fringes of the large crowd, thankfully, but Cas still shifted closer so he didn’t have to shout over the music.
There was a pause and Cas looked back over and Dean raised his eyebrows. “Yeah?” he said, trying to prompt Cas.
Cas’s fear over Michael holding him back in Worthington had no teeth. It burned away as he left Joshua’s office, knowing Michael had something for Dean to miss all those phone calls and texts.
Cas followed him into the bathroom, also tossing his towel on the floor, watching Dean bed over to turn the water on. Cas wanted him to stay bent over, right there—
On his computer, Dean had a file folder with downloaded porn only featuring guys. Password protected, titled something stupid, tucked behind another icon.
An awkwardness settled between them and Cas was inches away from just pushing Dean back into bed and paying for another night. He weighed the options in his head—and ultimately failed to act.
A brief flash of regret hit Cas, asking him what he thought he was doing stepping on the property of someone Michael has ten kinds of aneurysms about—
Cas didn’t answer Dean’s question as he took the legs on either side of him, adjusting so Dean’s angle elevated slightly.
Finally, unable to take the squirming anymore, Cas slid an arm around Dean’s shoulders. Dean went willingly and leaned into Cas, raising an arm to wave to their friend Charlie and her girlfriend.
What didn’t help was that he had a lunch date with Hannah that afternoon after he walked home from church, agitating him more.
But at the same time, it told Cas that while he had been slowly thinking about a future with Dean and what that may look like, Dean was very much rooted in the present and wasn’t even thinking about where their relationship, whatever it was they had, was going.
Everything after blurred together into a pleasant moment of the otherwise mundane afternoon. When Michael eventually found him and shattered whatever good mood Cas had been in for a long while, anger once again flared in Cas. But he kept his mouth shut.
“I want your dick in me now—that’s what I said,” Dean answered, out of breath. “Otherwise this is gonna end before you want it to.”
“No, it’s alright,” Castiel leaned back in his chair and kept his eyes on the almost empty plate. “It’s—I didn’t—I graduated but I’m not seeking ordination.”
“Aren’t you going to show me around?” Cas asked, keeping his tone light. Dean hesitated before moving forward, brushing past Cas.
Cas sighed and looked around again, desperation starting to rise. They could just try and cool off and go through the rest of the day but he wanted the thrill. He wanted Dean and didn’t want to wait another ten or so hours.
Cas, despite not having any experience, managed to equally space out the bobbles instead of clumping them into one space, and put the heavier ceramic ones near the bottom of the tree, on sturdier branches, and the glass and brushed silver ones closer to the top. Cas could have interspersed them a little better, but for a first-timer, didn’t look too off the cob.
Dean sighed and rolled his eyes, “I mean—It’s my own problem. No one can really solve it. Just the whole business about the house. I told my father right before he died that I’d stay—I’m trying to process that I’m—”
The white light of heat continued for an unspecified length of time before gradually fading into soothing, cool darkness.
Dean glanced at Cas before nodding, focusing back on the ring box. All the words he had wanted to say for months lined up in his mouth, ready to come out in a rush.
Dean had to eventually excuse himself from Lee’s story about crashing into the mayor of a neighboring city, a story he’d heard thousands of times, in order to start the food.
Dean asked himself. But he still decided to answer, going against that part of him that kept wanting to leave, reminding Dean that he was still in hostile waters.
A small, worried voice in Dean wondered if he had done something wrong, that maybe he should have said something on the way home.
“I’m sorry about the—the party. Thing. You know—,” Dean said, awkward and frowning. He was really bad at apologizing, “I didn’t mean to disrupt your homecoming day.”
Since the moment Cas saw Zachariah watching him pick up Hannah for their first date, he knew something was off about the man. His smile didn’t reach his eyes, which also looked lifeless like he was technically looking at someone or something but wasn’t quite present. Cas had no desire to know what was happening inside Zachariah’s head, especially if it was anything like Michael’s.
Letting his eyes wander across the photo, Cas allowed his imagination to wake itself, conjuring up images of Dean maybe without the ugly life jacket—
“Why?” Cas asked. He knew why; it was going to be a repeat of that Christmas all those years ago, but he wanted to hear Michael say it to his face this time.
Cas walked over to him, swallowing any remaining nerves that lingered, and slid onto the bed himself.
This person didn’t sound like Cas, and after first throwing Dean off, it then rose his excitement level.
They moved together slowly, lazy, with no harsh thrusts, cursing, or desperation of the night before. Dean kept his eyes closed but grabbed Cas’s hand and pulled it over to hold against his chest. The peaceful nature of the morning contrasted with how fast Dean’s heart raced under Cas’s palm.
Cas let his body do what it needed to do, staying in as long as he could, and Dean let him as they came down together. He could feel Dean’s heart racing against his own, and for a minute, it really did feel like they had blended together, sharing the same breath, the same heartbeat—shared everything.
Confused, he backed out of the pantry, arms full of food, and came face to face with a mildly surprised man he had never seen before in his family’s circles.
Cas saw their little world, whatever it is they had, begin to crumble in front of his eyes. It wasn’t a “maybe”; it wasn’t hopeful.
Cas hadn’t texted him back all day and Dean became annoyed at himself for constantly checking. He knew Cas was likely out with Hannah.
But instead, Castiel gestured over to the table Dean now stood next to. When he saw Dean’s face, he frowned, confused.
Dean watched the mirror, more entranced than before. Of their years together, Dean couldn’t remember a single time where he saw them like that. And they moved so easily together, even standing (which wasn’t their forte), even when someone was down a little ways away from them—Cas didn’t stutter.
The space they eventually dragged him into was familiar, though he couldn’t pinpoint why. They kept him there for an indeterminate amount of time that Castiel filled through all of the options of what would happen to him. He didn’t think his actions warranted a fatal punishment but there was no option for him to remain unscathed.
He had never seen someone look so broken and bruised before. Benny’s face was swollen, black and blue on his left side with his eye shut. Small dots also littered the right side of his face, looking almost like road rash, and it too looked red and angry.
It’s what it was like at the beginning of their journey together once Cas had returned. It had been like that since the day they met, if Cas were to be honest with himself.
Cas stared at Dean, looking like he was on the edge of understanding and acknowledging that statement before he closed his eyes again and winced. Dean came to know that look of “the second wave of second doubts”. It often came after they’re told something that’s the truth, but the truth doesn’t stop the rush of other bad memories coming in to back up the first wave of self-doubt, further catapulting them into “I messed up, I did the wrong thing, I hurt you” rhetoric. If they didn’t break the cycle before it got going—
“Name one time,” Dean said, choking off a gasp as Cas pressed himself against Dean’s body the best he could, intensifying the heat.
It took Dean only half a second to realize that Michael knew. Somehow, to some level, Michael knew about him and Cas. He couldn’t think of anything else to get the man so fired him that he’d lose his composure in the middle of a bar on a Saturday night.
Cas didn’t know if they’d ever be able to shed that paranoia, though he hoped it would get better as time went on.
Cas’s imagination supplied the unspoken questions from Jack, particularly Jack’s emphasis on children. They were questions Cas figured Jack would ask.
During that date, they agreed on a third date that Saturday to rent boats on the nearby lake and cruise around for the afternoon. Cas still let Hannah lead him to wherever she wanted to go, having no clue himself.
They both lifted themselves up from their chairs and walked around the fire toward the gate. The backyard spotlight turned on, temporarily blinding Dean. When he blinked the spots out of his eyes, he watched as Cas went ahead of him to pass through the gate. His shoulders were hunched and he walked as if he had the weight of the world he knew on his shoulders.
Dean didn’t know when it happened, how it happened, and didn’t care in that moment how fast it happened—he really did like Cas and very much needed something more to happen.
“Yes, I’m—,” Cas almost said fine, but he shouldn’t lie. He wished he was fine, but if wishing made it so—
In any case, an extreme sense of guilt would strike Cas when taking a passing glance at someone he had a suspicion of or was attractive in one way or another. To try and combat it, Cas would do penance all night and well into the early hours of the morning.
“Hey,” Dean said, staring up at Cas with a smile. That bright spark remained in his eyes and he shifted his hips a little against Cas.
“Hey, what’s up?” Sam answered, sounding confused. If they hadn’t texted in months, then it had been nearly a year since they spoke by phone.
He could practically see the wheels spinning as dots connected to dots. It took a minute, but Jack got there, blinking in surprise, eyebrows raised with a small smile on his face.
He looked up at Cas, confused, and in his eyes, Cas saw forty years of Michael’s life shattered before him. Every lie that Michael had been told probably by their father and grandfather suddenly losing all merit, realizing the damage he had caused.
Cas almost dropped the book in his hand, now looking back over at Michael stared at him, dejected and defeated.
Cas paused, thinking back to Dean’s excited face the night before, him constantly glancing at the rings and at Cas with a reassuring smile—the whispers of love and declarations of happiness that night in bed, only taking their eyes off each other to look at the rings in the golden light; the last few years, learning from each other and building off of each other; the harder times when it was difficult to understand each other but sitting down and making it work; the better times when all they could do was immerse themselves in each other to make up for all the lost time.
“Yes,” Cas took a deep breath, “We talked, we’re leaving, and I was wondering if we could use the place for a little bit until we can move on.”
“You wanted to take a photo of me standing in the road?” Cas asked, handing the phone back to Dean. His words weren’t mocking, and Dean noted a small smile forming.
Anger morphed into fury as Dean drove, tightening his hands on the wheel and making his knuckles pop. The more he thought, the worse it got.
“Well son, you can’t rush someone who doesn’t want to be rushed,” he said, taking his hat off and wiping his forehead. “And I’ve only been in one relationship in my life, and so I believe you’re correct. It’s either a future or no future.”
A small match of hope sparked inside Cas as he practically leaped off the stairs and ran over to the neighboring house, forgetting all about the woman.
“I hope to God you’re not watching this around anyone, and if you are, you have 10 seconds to get to somewhere you’re alone,” Dean warned at the beginning, waiting ten seconds before talking again. “Okay, so—I’m bored, as you can probably tell, and when I’m bored I just can’t turn my brain off it just—keeps going you know?”
An hour and a half later, Cas hung around. He told Michael he wanted to catch up with some people and that he’d walk home.
No one bothered them, no one cared about their personal life, but they did welcome them with open arms.
“That guy definitely loves his truck more than his wife,” Dean said, leaning close to Cas, pointing at a grumpy-looking man with a backward Confederate flag on it and a stained t-shirt. Cas smiled and glanced at Dean and instantly wished he didn’t. Dean had some sugar from the donut all over the lower part of his face and looked like an absolute mess. Cas’s first instinct was to just take Dean’s face in his hands and get the sugar off himself.
A nondescript bed in a nondescript room with Cas there, just waiting and watching. No action yet, just watching as if he were in Dean’s bedroom at that current moment, watching him touch himself under the bright lights, exposed just like Dean wanted.
Dean’s body forced a sudden stretch in bed, annoyed at the still position for so long while he remained conscious. The movement caused his stomach to wake up as well, reminding Dean as loud as it could that there was a pound of bacon in the freezer.
But it was okay, Cas thought as he got ready for bed, because the barriers had been lifted. They barely made it but they slipped the grasp of everything that had been holding them back, and now all they had to do was go forward.
But that’s not how their game worked. Cas instead decided to turn his back on Dean to undo his shirt, much like the other night. He heard the sigh of disappointment and a frustrated kick in the water. Cas smiled as he glanced over his shoulder, undoing the last button. Much like the other night, Cas slipped the shirt off and folded it neatly on the chair.
Castiel signaled to the rest of those who were still alive that time was up, they had to go. It seemed like such a waste—all that loss for a mission that required them to haul an unstable human being back up to Earth. Castiel had been told it was for a good purpose but wasn’t provided additional details.
He texted Dean a few times at the restaurant while Hannah went to the bathroom or when she just wasn’t looking, but Cas restricted the conversation to be just about what to wear so they didn’t stick out that night.
Frowning in confusion, she looked back at the phone, and Cas, for the first time in twelve hours, felt like he could breathe.
They learned, over time, how to handle those nights if either one of them woke up gasping for breath and shaking, reaching for the other. And, over time, the severity of the horrors lessened, but it didn’t make them any more palatable.
Michael smirked but the smile did not reach his eyes, making him look as soulless as Dean believed him to be. He stepped forward and pointed the knife in Dean’s face, only inches away from the bridge of his nose.
Jack had left at some point but kept the TV on, and the little clock on the VCR box read 8:17 a.m. as Cas heard voices and laughter down the hall.
Jack smiled and went back to his ice cream, “Cas told me to ask you if you’re happy since it’s a question you have to answer.”
“I don’t—I thought things were, like, improving, and there were gay priests and pastors or whatever all over the place,” Dean said, knowing he was being unhelpful but couldn’t shut his mouth.
“Dean lives on the south side. Michael wants to demolish that whole side of town, and I guarantee you those plans include threatening Dean to surrender his property. He already did it with three others in town when he built the shopping area.”
The crowd stood in silence as the music over the speakers continued to play. They all took their turn looking at Dean before going back to their conversations, shaking their head.
In looking at Dean’s home, Cas didn’t think Dean was poor. Real estate meant nothing if there was no life in the house, something Cas learned growing up. Despite its appearances, the line of cars in the driveway and the laughter and music coming from the backyard told Cas that the property and the person who called it home was well-loved by many.
He didn’t make an effort finding Michael at all, and instead took up shelter inside the back garden kitchen, usually used for parties like this but Michael had decided to get catering this time around.
Castiel stopped talking and they both looked over to the long entryway as loud laughter got closer. Heart in his throat, Dean stood up, glancing to the stairs that no doubt would take him inside the house. He physically controlled himself to not go for them. Whoever was oming down the entryway hallway would see him going up there, and it if was Michael, then—
“I vote we don’t wear clothes—at all. It’d save on laundry things anyway,” Dean said, looking back up at Cas.
The guilt over Friday night began Saturday morning and plagued Dean throughout the day. Chores sat unfinished as Dean chose to spend hours scrolling his phone on the couch with random ‘80s movies playing on cable for background noise. Dean called the day a was at two in the afternoon when he resorted to a microwaved lunch.
“Okay—I take it back,” Dean said, wandering over just to see what the thing felt like, “Let’s go back, return the shirts, and show up at Garth’s wearing this instead.”
His heart fell as he saw his phone on the floor by someone’s feet. Michael had kicked it so hard that the back had come off, and the screen shattered.
It was Dean’s turn to sigh as he walked back over to the table and sat opposite Sam, staying quiet until Sam finally looked back up at him.
Dean’s imagination, carrying already so close to the edge in what had to be the shortest time on record, suddenly threw on the brakes and offered Dean something new.
He glanced back over to Cas as he slowed down, nearing a dirt road. Cas had immediately gone from easiness to tense with a frown, eyes downcast at his lap.
“I’m not just talking about God, Cas, he’ll be there whenever you’re ready. I mean faith in people.”
They sat Jack down in the kitchen after the last of their guests left. Sam and Eileen took a quick trip to the store in Red Cloud to restock on groceries, giving Dean and Cas time to talk to Jack. Or, more specifically, for Dean to talk to Jack.
But now as they passed by it in the dark, Dean couldn’t help but keep his eyes on it, glancing at it through his own window.
Cas sighed and rubbed his face as his phone buzzed, trying to wake himself up a little and focus. He sat up to see who messaged him, not expecting to see Dean’s name.
Dean smirked as he wiped the rest away with his sleeve. It was going to be a dangerous day for them but the twinkle in Dean’s eyes was too strong to ignore.
No one at the table would refute their relationship, they never had before, nor would they speak out against their decision. However, Cas could preempt their confusion. It’d be the same confusion Sam had, and the same kind of confusion both he and Dean had when admitting to themselves they never thought they’d have a ring around their finger.
But what lay beyond the steps—the door, and through the door—the prize. That’s what it was all about.
Dean took a deep, shuddering breath as Cas moved back to his original position, his tongue now joining in on the action, but just gentle enough to create lazy, thin tendrils of heat to spread from Dean’s core out to his fingers and down to his toes.
“I’m guessing you didn’t like the crab cakes if you have to steal their Doritos,” Dean joked as he approached the open door.
“People will know,” Dean assured Sam, “We just need—it’s still a shell shock, at least for me, and judging by how quiet Cas was tonight, for him as well.”
The parts of the front yard that remained exposed to the sun had turned brown due to the drought, and the hedges needed a desperate trimming. A high wooden fence blocked the view into the backyard, but Cas could feel the bass of the music through his own vehicle.
town,” Michael emphasized, still not looking at Cas. “Despite missteps, we have the public’s trust and have remained steadfast at preserving that. The town took care of us, and we took care of them,” Michael paused again. “The Grays came out of nowhere and now they’re eyeing land that we are entitled to. Zachariah said he was interested in building a strip mall on the south side of town, but that’s where
“I don’t know who those people are—and I didn’t even know who Dean was until you told me, so I don’t see how I was faulted for that first conversation,” Cas said, keeping his voice just below a shout. “And second, I was taught growing up that if someone says hello, you stop and say hello back.”
Dean automatically rocked his hips back again, wanting Cas to do more. He wasn’t fully awake with his eyes still closed, but as Cas slid inside once more, a small, serene smile came to his face.
But, after Dean got him, Cas could remember bits and pieces of his time in the Empty and the sense of dread that came along with it.
Cas didn’t respond with words as he drew Dean’s thumb into his mouth. He tried hard not to laugh at Dean’s reaction as he ran his tongue alongside it before tightening his mouth as he drew back slowly, eventually letting Dean free.
Without a word, Dean leaned over to the bench and picked up his undershirt, wincing at the stiffness of his limbs, and handed it to Cas.
Dean’s brain threw out various reasons and scenarios to help Dean make his decision: If Cas accepted, they’d have a pretty great night in bed and the buzz will make for a very merry Christmas. If he said no, the night would consist of a conversation to hopefully work through things so their Christmas morning wouldn’t be as awkward and sad. If Dean waited until the morning to gift the key, then it’d dampen the whole day if Cas said no.
After a couple more times, they fell into a rhythm, slightly increasing every time Cas moved in and then easing himself back out partway, before repeating the process. Cas instantly honed in on the new noises he unlocked from Dean. Nothing like the other nights—more desperate, pleading, questioning—
Then on the short times, he would venture home, Dean just knew that Cas would have been the one sitting on the outside of the conversation, not knowing what to say or do, not having been home for months and months at a time and missing key moments and events. Dean figured out of everyone, Gabriel would try to engage, he was the one who gave Cas the telescope—but there was probably only so much warmth he would have been allowed to show Cas.
Jack examined it and Cas almost thought about taking it off to show him the inside, but the selfishness of wanting to keep the inscription inside to himself and Dean caused Cas to keep it on.
Cas moved back behind Dean, holding open the jacket. Dean stayed quiet as he slipped his arms into the sleeves, surprised it didn’t feel as scratchy as he thought it would.
When they got to the check-in lobby, bright yellow gingham plaid curtains hung from the windows next to the desk and that image had caused Dean to give up on trying to shove the chip card in, and give it to Sam to do. Dean’s hands shook slightly and he could feel Cas’s eyes on him. The false over-excitement attitude correction Dean lapsed into over the last several hours had cracked just then. But Dean couldn’t look at Cas to give him some kind of indication that he was doing okay, because if he did, those images would be harder to push aside.
“But why would Dean think you had something to do with that?” Cas asked, narrowing his eyes, feeling inches away from uncovering the answers he had been looking for all night.
“I’ve done a bit of traveling. You’d be surprised what things stay in your memory while sleeping in a strange place night after night,” Cas explained, a little more quiet than before. He paused before looking over at Dean. “It’s not random.”
“Yes, it’s a Christmas present from someone I love, and I received it early because it was special. But it’s special in another way,” Cas explained, “Does this ring remind you of anything?”
The two fell into a comfortable silence as Benny threw the final logs onto the fire. The music played on, and guests slowly trickled out back to their cars.
As soon as his hands touched the lock, he heard a twig snap behind him and a low, threatening “Freeze.”
but only in the last two months had he actively let himself consider the option. The little building needed a lot of TLC, along with the red barn that dwarfed the house in the backyard. It sat a ways off 281 on 150 Road surrounded by a smattering of trees—some of the only trees in the area until you get into town.
Cas couldn’t answer the question over the phone fast enough for Michael when he announced he was coming home,  so Michael would say that Cas should be looking youth Christian camps or becoming a church director or whatever—whatever.
“That was nice of them,” Dean said, leaving the bags outside the kitchen nook, walking over to open the box, but Cas kept a hand over the opening, blocking Dean.
“I don’t think you can drive up to my house without Michael noticing,” Cas said, grimacing, “Your car is pretty inconspicuous.”
They both took a moment before laughing, really laughing, to the point where some people probably glanced in their direction.
Castiel nodded and pursed his lips, “Yeah, I got the small history lesson that night and it doesn’t make much sense to me. Michael couldn’t really give me an accurate explanation and it all seemed too complicated.”
A voice sliced through Dean’s thoughts as he stared at the ground and he looked up. Cas stood in front of him, trying his hardest to keep a straight face. Dean cleared his throat, having to look back down again, otherwise
There were small clusters of cabins, smaller and more rustic looking, on the road which made a back loop into the woods on a slight incline. Dean’s destination rested just as the road began its curve upward, the last cabin to have a lake view.
Dean sat up straight, away from Cas. The smile left his face and he looked down at his hands, picking the paper on the lollipop.
There were fields all over the outskirts of Worthington and behind, but Cas decided to go for a specific one.
Castiel couldn’t look up from the ground, didn’t want to look at the group several hundred yards away, about to charge. The fear from Dean jumped into Castiel and he couldn’t shake it.
Dean didn’t feel anything, didn’t hear anything as he fell to the ground. Light flooded his face as the man moved and mumbled, “Shit”. Dean’s hand moved, but he didn’t control it. The man crouched down and slipped the gun into Dean’s hand, curling his fingers the warmth of the grip, moving his thumb to touch some other part before letting it go again.
Both Lee and Benny joined him for a casual, unscheduled farewell party as he explained the situation.
night in the back of the truck (Dean could still feel that one in his mouth), last night, that morning—all their conversations, all their games and flirting, how Cas looked smiling in the sun—
“What gave you the stones to bounce from here with her? Like, I know you two had applied to the same school but—“
Michael scrambled to his feet, everyone in the bar staring at them. His clenched fists shook as Dean expected him to take a swing.
Dean turned back to Cas to say something else but the words died in his throat as he saw Cas watching the angel. The light of the color wheels also played off of his face, illuminating him in a multitude of colors and brightening his eyes, making them look almost rainbow. The sight of Cas’s wonderment only confirmed what Dean had decided on when he first bought the house.
They walked quietly to the back of the store where the butcher’s counter was, and Dean’s curiosity pushed him even further over the line.
Michael rolled his eyes and slammed his laptop shut, “I get that you don’t understand how things work around here, but I told you that we stay away from him, and his friends, and his brother if he ever decides to show his face again—“
“First, no more for you. Second, you are staying here until you sober up. Third, I’m not bad in bed—she just has a lot on her plate and got a dream job offer and planned on moving.”
“You’re up early,” Cas mumbled, barely heard over the gust of wind as it rushed past the cabin. He shifted again, finding the familiar position, and placed a kiss on the back of Dean’s neck.
“Literally every time I come over here you’re doing this, get off the edge,” Dean admonished the two in the water, but his tone suggested he didn’t care much.
With that momentary freak out passed, Dean mulled over any other dates in his head, September, the anniversary when Cas chose to stay with them after it all? Birthday? Maybe Dean’s birthday? That was by the end of January—not too far off—
He caught a security camera just in time, planted on their gate buzzer. A car had been parked in front of there last time. There were no lights on his side of the street but he still stepped off the asphalt and walked between the trees.
But it was a terrifying shift, one that unseated much of what Dean had been led to believe and learn throughout the course of his life thus far.
There was a moment where he saw the overhead light; he remembered the pavement below his feet already damp with summer dew and a soft breeze on his face—
“You’ve been working on a farm since you were a kid with your granddad and dad and yet at your age, still can’t fix a tractor?”
It was also the first time since high school he had heard someone admit to their preferences out loud and wasn't found out in an extremely embarrassing way. Charlie was a blip that never saw a follow-up act by anyone.
They fell into their familiar rhythm as Cas eventually turned over onto his front, Dean peppering kisses from the back of his neck, across Cas’s shoulders, and down his back. Cas pressed his cheek into the sheets, forgetting the paint until he shifted slightly as Dean’s tongue found its target. His cheek caught on the cotton but he didn’t care. He couldn’t care. Dean’s tongue worked him to the point where all his brain could do was keep his hips still, refraining from pushing back, trying to get more more more of that feeling.
The man’s face, now and angry purple-red, made him look like he was an inch from keeling over. His dog had gone inside at some point to escape the heat.
Abihail elbowed their way to the front of the pack, taking the mission to retrieve Dean from Hell, something Castiel had been preparing for ever since the man made that deal. And Abihail won that bid.
“I’m perfectly fine with that. I didn’t drive,” he answered, taking up an empty stool. The bartender winked at him and disappeared to another part of the bar.
thoughts earlier, Cas bought it. Hearing it out loud, then hearing one of Dean’s friends call him a coward—that broke the suspension of disbelief.
“Let’s hope so,” Cas said, folding the pamphlet back up and looking around the building for the exit.
“Jack said you were pretty upset,” Cas explained. The unspoken comment Dean knew Cas wanted to voice was that “When you’re upset, you make bad decisions you think are good.”
They spent the following ten minutes pointing out random bright stars in the sky and naming them various things. One was named after Dean’s favorite movie star (“A star named Patrick Swazye is pretty cool, you have to admit”) and Cas named another after the street where he first crashed his bicycle (“Not too far from your house actually, over on Maple.”). Another one named for a really nice sandwich Dean had when he had first gone to Kansas City and Cas announced that the one right next to it would be named after his favorite hotel.
Though, in his desire to delay the talk until they got back home, Cas feared a frosty rest of the morning.
“Yes. But the first time we met, he didn’t know who I was and I didn’t know about any of this so I couldn’t—”
As soon as he laid down, he could tell Dean’s nerves had come back. Their faces were close, and even in the low light, Cas could make out the fear now lining his face.
It took half the time for Cas to wash up and he stepped out of the tub, taking a towel off of Dean’s lap.
Guilt kept him from coming up with a last-minute excuse, but it didn’t save him from the sinking fear that someone would point to him and yell that he didn’t belong there.
Walking out of his family’s house for the final time before heading to the bar, car jam-packed with as much as he could shove in there, a strange sense of melancholy settled over him.
Joshua sighed over the phone, sounding more anxious, “He’s not dead, but he’s in surgery right now. It just missed his lungs and it was to the left of his heart and closer to his collarbone. They think if he had aimed a little—“
“We talked about it but it was before we got our acceptance letters—then two months later that fight with her parents happened, and a week after that we just left.
The worst thing about it was that Cas couldn’t give those emotions a name. He didn’t know what to call them. But every time he heard Dean gasp, whisper how good it felt, try to catch the whine in his throat, it pulled Cas further and further into their world, completely forgetting about everyone and everything, else.
Dean slid off his seat as well, adrenaline kicking up. He followed Cas out the door. Their journey wouldn’t take them past the alleyway, which Dean knew if they did, he probably wouldn’t make it to the motel. If he even looked—or even heard something, he’d break.
But he could only guess what Dean could have been texting on his way back to his car, trying to start up their game again, hoping to have Cas all wound up by the time they got to Table Rock.
It wasn’t what Dean did, it wasn’t what Dean strived for. Marriage was the last thing on either of their minds for a long while. Sam entertained the idea with Jessica and it grew back with Eileen but apart from one or two conversations, Dean and Sam never discussed it, especially Dean’s decisions regarding any kind of future. There had been vague “well maybe” as the years went on but that was it. No details. No specifics.
The anger doesn’t last long, but it will come back as the waves keep washing over you as you keep repeating to yourself:
“You’re not the most subtle person in the world, Dean,” Michael Charleston sighed while picking up the knife. “Was I supposed to believe that a twelve-year-old did all this?”
He stood still facing the mirror, watching Cas slip the blue jacket back onto the hanger and pulldown the shimmering one. When Cas turned back, he stopped for a moment to take in Dean, standing there—waiting.
Dean allowed himself to be guided up into the cabin, excited to finally see it, and to finally execute his plan, however hastily assembled it was.
“I expect that proposal by the end of August,” was all Michael answered before storming out of the study and into his office across the hall, slamming the door.
Cas kept wondering if Michael would wind up being charged. Most likely not, since he had never laid a hand on Dean and told police he didn’t know Zachariah was going to assault Dean’s friends or shooting Dean himself—but if they linked him to knowing why Zachariah came to a spit of a town in Kansas in the first place, there’d be no buying his innocence.
“I know that look,” Dean whispered, the smirk returning. The tension was back, this time pulling Cas in instead of pushing him out. “Penny for your thoughts?”
“Mercy Hospital Cassville. They said he’s still in surgery and he’ll be out in about an hour,” Joshua explained.
Michael only took two steps into the room before he stopped cold, staring at Dean, his reflexes slowed by several glasses of wine.
From there, he made his way into the large dining room area full of round tables covered with white sheets trapped by circles of glass on top. On them were overly-smelly flowery candles whose scent reminded Dean of a bathroom spray, and there were more utensils on the tables than Dean knew what to do with. He never understood why rich people needed five forks.
Cas did his best to avoid looking at the mirror in the hallway but saw a flash of color out of the corner of his eye.
surface until Cas developed confidence. In that case, it’d be a race between them, but one where each one tried to go as slow as possible. Dean couldn’t stop thinking about how long they danced around each other already. He didn’t want time to get away from them again.
Cas nodded, looking down, “Well I already had plans to do it, and I wasn’t technically supposed to see yours, so I pretended I didn’t.”
The slow and steady breathing up against Dean stopped as the small actions disturbed Cas, waking him up. Dean heard a drawn-out yawn behind him as Cas shifted as well, arm lifting off of Dean and up into the air before coming back down. Cas placed a hand on Dean’s back, no longer protected by the warmth.
Cas unwrapped the third box finally coming to the tiny one, also wrapped. He huffed in frustration but pulled on the bow and gently peeled away the tape from the paper.
Dean was taken aback when he saw Cas at the end of the counter, looking like a deer caught in headlights, completely out of his element.
Cas fired off a text. They had exchanged messages here and there since the cookout with Cas nervous of texting too much, not wanting to sound like a bother. He almost didn’t this time either, but that night was excruciatingly painful.
“Then we can have the windows wide open if you want,” Cas said with a smile. He patted Dean on the cheek as he moved forward, continuing up the stairs. “And we both know how loud you get so this may be your only chance before the neighbors come back.”
Dean’s resolve broke and he finally glanced over to Cas who stared back at him with that familiar intensity that was always a weird combination of annoying but comforting; Though at that time, it felt like a spotlight.
“He left earlier,” Lee said, voice quiet. Benny struggled to stay awake, trying to take in as much of the conversation he could.
The first one had happened only months after Cas came back, deciding to stay with them. A hunt had gone wrong, nearly fatal, and Dean completely lost it by the time they got back to the Bunker. The conversation on both ends escalated into shouts, only furthering Dean’s panic, which in turn, fueled Cas’s.
The first two hours went by smoothly despite the chills and a cold mist that eventually descended, seeping its way into the barn through opened doors.
Dean panicked, not wanting to stay at the club on his own. The experiment had failed, and he could think about the ramifications after but for right now, he didn’t want to be there if Cas wouldn’t be.
At long last, Dean finally saw the ring box, held tight in Cas’s hand. Small, black velvet, standard—but Dean didn’t truly grasp how much he needed to see it up close until right then. It was like Cas waved a million dollars in front of his face.
Arranged marriages were antiquated and horrific in Cas’s mind, and found it not only unfair to him but also this poor girl who may have had aspirations of her own. He didn’t know how Zachariah was but if he was a fraction of what Michael exuded in terms of authority, then she wouldn’t have a choice either.
He and Benny had lapsed into a small catch-up conversation for the rest of the time they were there with Benny trying his hardest to put a smile on Dean’s face.
The problem of Hannah, the proposal, and Michael would sort itself out, Cas told himself over and over as he walked.
The photo came with no message, and if Dean was sleeping then it had to be someone else. Cas didn’t focus too much on who may have sent it, because the angle alone drew all of his attention. It was as if the person on the other side of the camera knew Cas was staring at the other photo and had been wishing for a more, unobstructed view.
By late-afternoon, sun-drunk, and tired from the day, the three of them chatted again, just trying to soak in the final remnants of their vacation day. Dean let slip that he may or may not be fixated on Cas—not in a creepy way but Dean explained he wanted to tell them so they could hold him back a little, and not do anything stupid for a pretty face. Especially when a stupid decision could once again lead to Michael’s wrath.
Dean decided to stay, at least until he could tell he wasn’t wanted anymore. He checked his phone to make sure Benny hadn’t been trying to get a hold of him as Castiel took a bite of his sandwich.
Before he continued, Dean turned his head and placed his mouth at the juncture of Cas’s upper thigh and groin. That’s where he decided to make another mark.
But Dean had felt horrible after he gatecrashed the party. Shame and embarrassment came back with a vengeance that time and hadn’t truly left Dean, showing their face again as Dean stood next to Castiel in the store.
“Everyone’s asking for you—a lot of them are here FOR you.” Michael explained, whatever laughter that followed him in left at the doorway, going back to that authoritative tone that Dean heard just the other night.
He looked nothing short of an irritated parent with their arms crossed, one leg out, and their face stony and unyielding. It was like Cas had missed some invisible curfew.
, was all his brain could shout at him as he immediately tried to figure out if he wanted to give the key tonight or tomorrow morning. They had decided before the trip that they’d open one gift on Christmas Eve like Dean’s family was used to doing, and one on Christmas morning, like Cas’s family did.
A thin layer of ice blanketed the snow and made a satisfying crunch with every step. It didn’t snow much out there, and Dean treasured each time it did.
“Shit. Shit!” Dean swore to himself again, standing up and pocketing the phone. Anxiety and anger locked together tight, deep inside Dean, and he felt himself begin to shake. Looking around, he found a pad of paper and a pen next to Benny’s bed.
“Then I’m naming that one,” Cas said before lifting himself up and pointing to another one that looked almost purple, close by to Dean’s star.
That small and adamant voice that had started to speak up inside Castiel had little to no chance of survival.
Dean pulled back and looked back up at Cas. Whatever nervousness he carried completely vanished from his face, replaced with unbridled excitement.
Dean stayed down where he was, breathing heavily through his nose. When Cas tilted his head again, he saw Dean’s eyes closed, looking like he was trying to compose himself before going any further. His entire face appeared flushed and his hand on Cas’s hip shook. However close Cas was to the end, Dean was closer.
It was on the way home Lee suggested going to Club Paradise if Dean was focusing too much on one guy.
“You really only had a few years before Dad left, or died, or wherever the hell he went—but this all stems from him. And our grandfather, and his father, and his father—“
Dean hesitated before he reached out to pull Cas closer. Cas let him. Whatever coldness or tension that was in either of them melted away, but only to be replaced by sadness and regret.
Logical thinking didn’t work with an anxious mind, Cas knew that, but he tried anyway for the better part of the morning to convince himself.
“When you get married to Hannah, do you think you’ll move there?” Dean asked, almost immediately regretting his words. They hadn’t spoken about the elephant in the room since earlier in the evening, and almost immediately Cas tensed up.
“That I didn’t say anything because I was trying to work through some things on my own, and that I needed to process the fact I had even gotten to that moment to begin with,” Dean explained, “And at the end of it, he was happy for us and said we deserved this.”
The fear still lingered in him, but in a comforting way. A fear of the unknown but not the fear that he’d be alone in figuring it out. They both knew to pull each other away from the monsters.
Left without anything to do, Castiel hung back around the outskirts, helping out when called on but otherwise remaining in the dark. They were told to “prepare” but given few details as to what it was all about.
“Let us pray in the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit,” Father Laurence said as he stood at the altar. Before Cas closed his eyes and bowed his head, he saw the priest turn to him and wink.
Their track record with happiness had never been stable but they worked to understand in the last few years that it would be. They stopped being afraid of feeling that happiness, and if they’d get upset, or fearful that it would slip away, they’d voice that too to try and push back through it, back to the “happy”.
But he couldn’t keep his eyes open forever, so he turned his head away from everyone obscuring his face. The panic still rose, and the anguish that came along with that image made Dean physically ache from the tips of his fingers and down.
He was always jealous of Charlie in the sense that she could do whatever she wanted when she wanted to do it. Even in a small town like Worthing, she didn’t care about hiding herself. In this group, she knew she was safe, but even at her job or around town, she’d openly flirt with women at bars on the outskirts of town or be extra friendly at the supermarket. Only one person ever gave her a hard time and that was, predictably, Michael.
Dean laid on his side, eyes trained on the small strip of early morning light visible through a gap in the drawn curtains, dull and gray, filtered from the storm clouds outside. Pressed against him, Cas still slept, taking deep breaths that coaxed Dean back into a shallow sleep every few minutes. Cas created the extra warmth needed where the pellet stove in the adjacent room couldn’t reach, developing a bubble of contrast to the winter weather outside.
Over the course of his life, he had never encountered anyone with an unhappy home life. Lee’s parents loved each other, stayed in town; Benny’s parents divorced but got along fine and raised Benny in good fashion along with his niece; Cassie’s family got along, not all the time but never to the likes of which Dean and Cas had seen—
Though, a lot more truth had come to light since that initial talk. When he and Dean spoke, all Cas knew was what Michael told him. He didn’t know what Michael had been hiding.
to take it, but Cas insisted that if they could find a way to fit it in Dean’s car, then they should—just for the memory of the other night.
They wound up back at Glen Elder, full of people enjoying the sunny day. Cas stayed silent as Dean gathered together some fishing gear from the trunk of the car. What Cas often needed when he couldn’t shake the “bad” off was people. Sometimes he needed silence, and only Dean, but most of the time he needed to be around people to help settle himself. When Dean had asked, Cas only responded with “It’s a reminder”, and never elaborated, but Dean didn’t need him to.
They got to the kitchen in time before Sam burned the pancakes. Dean shooed him out of the room to go sit at the table with everyone else in the library. Cas hung around with him, helping with the eggs since he too often burned the pancakes. They worked in silence but close together, allowing the nearness to strengthen their confidence as growing nerves threatened to take over.
Cas paused, moving forward a little bit to mirror their previous stance, allowing his hand to drop from the jacket and grip Dean’s hip while the other one reached around, once more taking hold of Dean.
Dean thought about their conversations, how it felt being around Cas and that night at the hotel—but overshadowing it was the simple fact that Cas was on a path that Dean couldn’t follow.
But also the guilt that came with canceling his date with Hannah who said she bought a new bathing suit for the lake.
It was Dean’s turn to sigh as he lifted himself off the couch and wandered to the fridge for a drink.
Along with the music, Cas treated Dean to an assortment of sounds that Dean never even heard in porn. It wouldn’t be something a microphone could pick up; they were gasps and soft murmurings of encouragement meant to only be heard by the other person. They were gifts only in that moment, not meant to be shared.
They had met almost a year ago to the day, just a few days after the first of the year. Cas had collapsed with a heavy sigh into a barstool in front of Dean’s counter, asking for the strongest drink available. Dean obliged and took some enjoyment at watching a white-collar ace accountant completely dissolve until he was utterly lost in the sauce.
Sighing, Cas knocked his foot against Jack’s side, “In case you had any questions, because once everyone knows it’s going to be a little crazy, and you’re my son, our son, and deserved to know before anyone else. Though, I guess Sam figured it out already. We took bets on who would notice first, if anyone
Before he came, Dean had decided he deserved to have a little more fun that night. It’s what lead to the confirmation that this would probably have to be the last time he visited. He could only push the envelope so far.
Dean agreed with Sam as he looked down at the table. And if they were any other family, if Dean were any other person—
In what Dean assumed was a space just outside the backroom of the club, because the one thing he did know was that there was always a back room, there were several men paired up, some on their knees, the rest standing. Neither one had any shame in displaying what was very thorough, and what sounded like very pleasing blow jobs.
Letting it out there, letting others hear it, letting themselves hear it, made it tangible, thus making it easier to take away.
After dropping Hannah off at home, Cas had gone straight for his room, thanking God that Michael wasn’t home to ask him how it went.
Cas frowned, staring at the step under his foot. Lee sounded too upbeat. It was like Lee was trying too hard to be light and unbothered, especially considering it was almost one in the morning and Cas had never called him before.
Along with anything too deep or too personal, Jessica and Sam leaving wasn’t something Dean discussed during the times they
Dean found that he didn’t have to explain himself as much anymore after that one, long discussion they had several years ago about it
Going out into the middle of nowhere to star-gaze with someone wasn’t typical second hook-up behavior.
The pleading, the anger, the sadness, and everything in between happens within minutes of each other and don’t plan on taking a break any time soon.
Cas’s hands remained in his jacket pocket and Dean didn’t make a comment. This was Cas’s surprise, but Dean’s head kept throwing out those Christmas time scenarios, Cas down on one knee, quickly followed by Dean bringing out his own surprise, also meeting him on one knee.
But, Dean didn’t press him. Truth be told he could probably buy an extra thing for Sam and Jack—Eileen he already splurged on. And also, Dean just liked watching Cas window shop. It’s been years now and still Cas found everything completely
“There was a house I saw in a picture once, someone from school showed me. He lived on the northern coast of Maine. He showed me a picture of the beach, but up further north, there was this rocky cliff—there was a house up there. I’m not saying it’s going to be there, or that I know where it is, but—“
Dean almost tripped on his way back out and Cas helped steady him. Before Dean could open his mouth, Cas cut him off.
Cas rested his forehead against the back of Dean’s shoulder. When Dean looked back to the mirror, he saw Cas had tilted his head a little to stare back, looking utterly gone—dark eyes, flushed face, biting his bottom lip hard to try to stay quiet. Dean could hear every hitched inhale and struggle to keep any noise inside. On one exhale, it almost sounded like Dean’s name—
Dean had set up the timer on his phone and propped it against something in front of the lounge chair he had out in his yard. On the chair, he laid himself out in that exact position that got Cas the first time in that photo at the lake, and the second time on the bed.
Nothing strenuous, nothing extravagant—they’ve done it like that every year whether they were at the lake cabin or at the bunker, and maybe next year—
He closed the door, locked it for good measure, and leaned against it. Closing his eyes, he pressed a hand against his chest trying to calm down. It felt like someone had a hand wrapped around his throat and he couldn’t swallow.
—” Dean emphasised, looking down at Cas who felt the heat rising in his face, “–got something to say and wanted to—”
Cas lifted his head and shot Dean a half-hearted glare. Dean had enough decency to look somewhat contrite.
The walk to Benny’s room at the end of the hallway seemed endless with Dean forcing himself to walk, tuning out the beeps of code machines and the quiet conversation of nurses.
“I had tried getting a hold of him before I left for our original meeting point, a church, around eight last night. He never came, so I walked back home after midnight, and that’s when I saw Michael,” Cas said, trying not to spill every single detail, not more than she needed to know. He didn’t know what was going to get him or Dean in trouble or save them.
Dean paused for a moment, rolling thoughts around in his head, deciding what to release and what to not. Ideally, he would steer the conversation away from the topic altogether but his words came out of his mouth before he could make a decision.
“I didn’t want to do it without you,” Cas answered quietly, laying some silvery tinsel on the branches, securing themselves in the needles, “It seemed special.”
“Get a rainbow on him or people are going to think he’s your sad, straight friend,” Charlie said, looking at Dean while handing Cas the lollipop.
Benny shrugged, taking another sip, finishing his drink. “Experience is experience is experience. If he hasn’t had any and was that good? That’s pretty impressive.”
It was a casual kind of confidence that was far from the soft but formal-spoken Cas or the silent Cas who clearly had a lot to say but didn’t know how to say it.
Cas glanced at the tv den door before lowering the volume on his phone. He replayed the video again, this time stopping when Dean paned down. Sliding his thumb back and forth on the timeline, the video moved in slow motion, allowing for Cas to get a few frames of the full view.
Reynolds sniffed and looked up with a toothy smile, putting on full display where the man lost his teeth over the years.
But he didn’t sound confident. Frowning, Cas put the ties back down and wandered over to the bed, sitting next to Dean.
Michael would very much like to get rid of the shop, buy up the land, and put in some kind of wine and cheese store or something, Dean wasn’t sure. But Michael wanted that land on the edge of town, over by where Dean lived and worked, where a lot of them making $40,000 and under lived.
“When we get home I want you,” Dean continued, his hand continuing the same pace but still driving Cas further and further to the edge with his words. “I want you to fuck me, slow, fast, I don’t care. I want to feel you. I want to feel it for days. I want you on your knees again with my cock in your mouth. You enjoy it so much and you look so
Michael, head still in his hands, didn’t move as Dean stood at the far end of the room, watching him.
“It’s a little early in the day to be doing this,” Cas whispered, crossing his legs and opening up the schedule pamphlet.
“Please don’t tell me you walked down the driveway—“ Cas started, sounding more awake now. Dean walked over to the window, watching the curtains rustle before pulled to the side.
“You don’t get it until you say it,” Dean murmured as Cas pressed against him while using his hands to bring Dean’s hips as flush as they could get.
They sat at a small round table on the other side of the desk with their mugs on coasters, Cas not knowing where to start
Based on two and a half weeks of speculation and rationalization, Dean concluded that Cas would pop the question on Christmas Eve.
This was the first time Dean had seen them positioned like this but reflected back to him. Sometimes it still took him aback just how peaceful it all was, how rare it still seemed even though it was an everyday occurrence. Each small action, smile, kiss—everything always felt like the first time, just like when they were first learning how to be with each other—despite it being four years later. Dean once wondered if it was due to all the years they had circled around each other, his brain making up for a decade of lost time.
Without a word to either Daniel or Zachariah, Castiel took off without a second look at Dean’s grave.
The first time he’s fallen in love and it ends in heartbreak two days later. Cas wondered if that was a world record.
The night before, pressed against Dean in bed, Cas’s sense of unease as he remained distracted from his anxiety and reassured everything would be alright.
“But I went over like, a week before we left and she had gotten into a big fight with her parents who had seen some of our text messages—so we pretended to break up but before we did we sent an email kinda highlighting how we were just going to leave. If people knew we were going to, they would have stopped us.”
“It’s such a shift for us, I think we needed the night to process it ourselves. Maybe even like, a week or something. We’re happy, but it’s still so brand new,” Dean said, thinking back to the park, the surge of confusion and emotion and adrenaline fueled giddiness that he hadn’t felt in a long time.
As he and Dean unpacked the SUV and walked toward the gate, Cas received his warning of making sure his name was casual. No Charleston, no indicator of a person who had named all their children from their obsession with religion—just three letters, one syllable, and leave it at that. Just leave it at ‘Cas.’
Once four hours passed, he found himself wincing every time he reached up to nail in the upper corners of the frame. But, he couldn’t stop. He only had one more and then they wouldn’t have to worry about them.
Hearing Cas was fine; Seeing Cas standing there, half in the dark, was fine. But as soon as Dean stepped forward and drew Cas in, the first very new and raw memory flashed before him. The quick still frames of moments reminded Dean of when carried Cas back into that cabin. He had wanted to do it alone and every footstep he took felt like he had cinderblocks around his ankles, not letting him go in there.
He wanted that feeling. Everything had been bottled up for so long and it didn’t have to be anymore.
Dean felt cool hands slide under his t-shirt and rest on his waist, triggering a wave of goosebumps. He gasped and Cas let out a soft laugh, almost like the one from the other night.
“Nah, you have a gate back here,” Dean explained as he saw a figure appear in the window. It opened and Cas stuck his head out, resting his hands on the roof hip underneath.
He almost jumped when another person was paged to the first floor to help a customer, the woman’s voice loud and authoritative.
Joshua’s voice tried to cut through the increasing noise in Cas’s head and Cas squeezed his eyes shut, trying to focus on those few words.
For Cas, it wasn’t the topic of conversation that hooked him, but just how Dean spoke. It was carefree, animated, and the stories he had of horrible customers and of the town’s residents were fun to listen to, given Cas had never stayed in Worthington for longer than a week since he was five years old.
Dean watched for a moment before turning back to the Cinnabon counter. He ordered eight mini-rolls and watched the space behind him, waiting for Cas to return. The place seemed more packed than usual and Dean hoped they could just
Cas looked back down, trying to settle his nerves. This was the one he wished he didn’t have to say. The truth he hung onto for a week festered in him and now floating in the pool, looking around the yard, Cas's heart ached thinking it would all soon be a parking lot.
“I just don’t understand why he cares so much,” Cas mulled out loud, not really expecting an answer.
Dean noticed Charlie and Stevie off to the side, standing by a tree. They were close together, talking, and Dean wondered if they were finally going to bite the bullet.
The mention of Michael made the hairs on the back of Dean’s neck stand up as he realized how much time had passed with him sitting in Michael’s kitchen talking with a stranger. Dean had nearly forgotten about the party, about his search for Cassie, about Benny and Lee and the danger he was in if he got caught—
Dean glanced at Cas who almost neared the end of his task. Family preference didn’t seem to bother Cas at all, at least on the outside. Cas stood there with no disgusted look, shoulders and stance relaxed, and no fake smiles.
Instead, it was a disgruntled looking man, Dean gathered not much older than himself. He had on a white button-down, a pair of slacks, matching the dress code of the party, but looking more business than casual. He carried a jar of peanut butter, jelly, a loaf of bread, and a large bag of Cape Cod potato chips in his arms. The chips almost immediately fell as the man turned around to the kitchen island
Cas glanced at Dean, embarrassed that earlier he didn’t think he had enough money to live off of. He thought he was pretty well-grounded in life despite his family’s wealth. But looking at Dean’s bank account, Cas realized just how off the mark he was.
Cas glanced at the kitchen door as someone down the hall laughed and put his own basket of food back on the counter.
Neither one of them said a word as they made their way through the crowd and over to the concert amphitheater. By the time they got to the entry door, their area of the fairgrounds was fairly quiet with folks staying near the food. A buzzing sensation filled Cas as he watched Dean approach the door and jiggle the handle.
“He’s never asked,” Cas answered, forcing himself to look at the ground. “I have hobbies—I go for walks, sometimes I just like driving around—I still have my telescope in—”
Part of the decision was fueled by guilt that he told someone else before his own friends, but the larger part that drove Dean to divulge was another level of guilt about Cas in general.
Cas did have both Benny’s and Lee’s numbers in case of emergency, and Cas took note of the time—but it very well could be an emergency if Dean was severely incapacitated.  He opted to try Benny first, feeling as if he would be more open with Cas.
He pushed a chair with his foot and Dean walked over to take it, now completely invested in staying in the strange garden kitchen with the strange man who promised an interesting conversation.
In 1854, the Charlestons and Winchesters had set out together after the territory opened up to settlements. They landed on the spit of land that later turned into Worthington. No one knew where the name came from.
But everyone had remained in the TV den, and now Dean could hear the yells of Marv and Harry. Someone put Home Alone on, one of Jack’s favorites. Dean glanced around regardless, just to make sure. Not a single person, or dog, in sight.
“That’s not him,” the stranger said, disgust palpable in his voice, “You can kiss that hundred bucks goodbye.”
If Cas wasn’t there, if Michael somehow got a hold of him, Dean hoped the place had a phone, number, and address for the church to get some help. Cas have given them both to Dean earlier but on his now shattered and useless phone.
“He has to get married,” Dean said, keeping his eyes on the table. The words sounded wrong in his mouth.
It was easy to forget they were in public, sequestered away but still in public. The scene mirrored so many other times this happened, except at home, in their bedroom or that one time, the war room—always hypnotic, always a complete turn on despite the minuteness of the motions.
Looking uncomfortable, Dean lapsed into silence. Cas didn’t ask any more additional details, not wanting Dean to have to talk about it more.
, Dean thought to himself, as he grazed his teeth over a lower part of Cas’s neck he hoped could be covered by a high collar shirt. Cas submitted to Dean and tilted his head to the side, granting him more access.
Michael shook his head and looked like he was about to say something, but instead chose to keep his mouth shut. The truth wouldn’t come out during this conversation, and Cas sighed.
Cas sighed, breaking the peace, and shifted in his chair. When Dean looked over, he saw Cas staring at the ground, clearly lost in his own thoughts, looking almost—
Dean refused to look at it and instead kept his glare on Michael. It was a game of chicken. The police may have been in the Charlestons’ pocket but Michael wasn’t stupid enough to severely injure someone, even if it was Winchester.
Dean cleared his throat and turned back to the parade, waving at little kids decked out in neon and tossing candy into the crowd. Cas offered a small wave as well and was rewarded with a few packets of Sweet Tarts.
He really stepped over the line if he hadn’t before. Not just crossed it but kicked it and punched it as well.
“Yes,” Cas flushed, trying to find his way back to the conversation, “And I wouldn’t mind a few more but—that’s not—”
Daniel was not strong, and everyone knew it. Castiel foreshadowed Daniel not lasting much longer. He’d end up killed in a mission, or punished by their superiors. Either way, Daniel was too close to humans and demonstrated too many similar emotions to them, and it was too dangerous to let it continue. They had tried fixing Daniel several times, Castiel present for most of them, to get him back on task, but he just kept deviating.
Some people were mistaken, thinking he had gone off on missionary work. He’d have to kindly explain to them every time that he was not an evangelist and had only been in Illinois the whole time. It happened three or four times, leading Cas to wonder what Michael was actually telling these people.
The guy grinned, about to open his mouth when Cas came up from behind him, grabbed Dean’s arm, and pulled him away. Dean smiled as Cas didn’t let go until they reached the exit on the other side of the club.
Cas, laid there for a couple more minutes, trying to anticipate questions Jack would have, if there would be any. He knew his nerves didn’t stem from Jack’s potential reaction to the news, but Jack had a tendency to ask the types of questions that caused Cas to sometimes think a little too deeply.
To distract himself, Cas bent his head down again and peppered kisses along Dean’s jaw and on the sensitive spot just under his ear. He heard Dean’s attempt at regulating his breathing and tried to match every kiss to every inhale and exhale, both of them working on the same, slow rhythm—anything to get them to calm down.
That morning, as they snuck one more moment together before leaving, seeing Dean look at him with that bright spark in his eyes, Cas figured he could safely say—
“I took a picture,” he explained, drawing up the picture which had half of it covered by Dean’s finger. “A very bad photo.”
“I was on my way to the bathroom to see the photo and video you sent, and Hannah’s uncle stopped me,” Cas said, looking down at the pool floor. “I thought he wanted to just talk with me in the hall but he pulled me into a different room. He—I guess he saw the—,” Cas gestured at his neck where the bruise had all but faded away completely. Dean frowned. “And said that he knew Hannah didn’t give it to me and that I had to watch myself.”
The single hottest thing Dean had experienced during any sexual encounter at any point in his life was feeling Cas’s pulse with his mouth. He stayed in that spot, keeping the pressure as Cas tried to steady his breathing.
Cas blinked several times and breathed heavily through his nose as he pulled the car over to the side of the road, killing the engine.
“Wait, wait—wait,” Dean said. Cas turned to see Dean still frowning, confused. Cas didn’t want to wait, he couldn’t wait, neither of them could wait—
“Dean, can I ask you something?” was how it started, and a normal, happy conversation rarely began with those words. Dean could already feel the knot forming in his stomach.
Wrapping Cas’s lifeless body up in that fabric were images that were harder to push aside, and if he looked at Cas right then in the lobby, standing next to him, it would just scramble his thoughts even more, and they were already suffering from severe whiplash
They walked back and got into the car. Dean kept a reassuring hand on Cas’s knee, even as he tilted his head back and fell asleep almost immediately after Cas drove back onto the main road.
Cas decided to drive to Bloomington and then most of the way back to Lebanon, allowing Dean to sleep for a little bit. Cas’s sleep schedule six months into being human had not adjusted properly yet so he was fine sipping gas station coffee and driving through the night.
Dean moved forward, even more, to close the gap between them and kissed Cas, light and barely there, just enough to tease Cas back out of his own head and into the moment.
“He was punished for that,” Cas said, “You don’t think it wasn’t Michael who leaked those photos to the newspaper?”
He started with his sexual orientation realization in college since most of his current problems stemmed from that. Joshua listened, nodding along and sometimes patting Cas’s hand when he had to pause to collect himself, especially when he got to the part he realized he couldn’t continue on his path to priesthood.
But Cas’s head would not be quiet the entire ride home. It kept running and running, spitting out different scenarios with two different people.
The silence threw him off, but Dean didn’t want to turn the TV on. Nothing less sexy than medicare commercials when you’re in the middle of it all.
Instead, he stayed on his side and leaned into every touch and every whisper by his ear, letting himself get swept away in the lazy movements of the morning.
Cas raised a hand, giving Dean a small smile. He mumbled “Thanks” to the bartender and picked up his drink to make his way over to the empty seat next to Dean.
Cas wanted nothing more than to lean forward and try to comfort Dean, but he kept his distance. Dean had to get it all out first.
“I like it,” Cas breathed. His whole body tensed as he neared the breaking point. His lips still felt slightly swollen and Cas could still taste Dean in his mouth. “I like it a lot.”
First came the fact that Cas had thought he was the first one to engage with Dean with any activity relating to any kind of relationship, including text messages—even if Dean said they weren’t of the same caliber.
He stopped in front of where Michael would eventually come out, and Dean held his breath that Michael wouldn’t continue into the room and leave after whatever conversation had to happen.
Sometimes their methods wouldn’t work and they’d have to spend the entire night, and often times the rest of the day, holding onto the other one like clinging to a tree during a raging flood—just hoping to make it out unscathed.
Through the windows, he saw Michael walk in, looking around the tables and flipping up the table cloths.
Dean remembered how Zachariah was on his good days and his bad days. It was hard to differentiate the two. If anyone were to ask Dean to describe Zachariah in one word, he’d use “unstable”.
Joshua’s words echoed in Cas’s head, rolling around and finding a rhythm, demanding to become a cadence.
Next came the sounds. Even if he didn’t have them seared into his head from that night, there were others he could tap into, especially from Cas himself. A sigh; Dean’s name spoken softly, just to say it; a gentle laugh maybe out of nervousness or maybe with Dean circling his thumbs where he held Cas’s hips hit a sensitive spot—
But instead, Dean slid his hand into Cas’s and gave a reassuring squeeze as they watched the rest of the parade.
Said phase needed that bubble to stay, a place where after they were done with a shift at the roadhouse or a shift at the library or the food bank in Abilene after they were done with a case—a rare outing for them but still happened—just a place where Dean and Cas could go and rest and take each other in without worry or distraction.
Some guilt accompanied his choice to stay inches away from Dean, but after a few more sips of his drink, Cas’s hesitancy slipped away from him.
Snacks and drinks deposited onto the table, Dean led the way over to the pool where the two guys resting on the side looked up from talking with two women.
They had stacked three fluffy duvets into the truck to serve as a mattress. It was comfortable enough, certainly not a hotel bed, or his own bed, but it was good enough. There was room in the back for both of them but they would still have to squeeze in close to fit, but Cas considered that more of a gift than a hindrance.
He hadn’t been on dates in his life, but he’s seen movies and tv shows, he knew the imagery matched—
Dean shrugged, “Why not? Plus, think about how pissed off Michael would be if he found out we’re hanging out. He’d probably have a stroke.”
A soft ringing started up in Cas’s head as he grabbed the bottle again, trying to keep his heart steady.
“You should get on with it otherwise my knees will give out,” Cas warned, but the light in his eyes was playful, a little dark.
“Michael had told us Dean was facing a substantial amount of jail time due to other offenses. We had dusted for prints but only his were on it, and Michael said they had run-ins before,” Sheriff Mills started, Cas hearing her choosing her words carefully.
They came back down together with Dean mouthing Cas’s shoulder again, both of them getting their breathing back in order.
Dean automatically pulled his knees up, trying to orient himself from the sudden whiplash. Cas moved to the wall, shifting his weight back and forth from one foot slowly, eyes closed in concentration with a hand cupped around himself—trying his damndest not to come.
Maybe it was the alcohol, maybe it was the adrenaline—but Dean decided that despite everything, he was drawn to Cas because of who he was, not because he was the only one available.
“Alright let’s see it then,” she said, taking the phone from Cas. They both huddled around the screen to watch.
He was exposed, but more exposed than one might normally feel in that situation. He was under the spotlight but not from the sun. He was trapped in Dean’s intense stare.
“Michael let me take it,” Cas explained as Dean ran over the chair he had sat in during two very important conversations. “He offered some more things but I wanted that—and one of the armchairs that my mother liked.”
“This is nice—maybe I’ll just stay here,” Cas said, leaning against the pillow rest as well, closing his eyes, “I could use a nap too.”
“I don’t know,” Lee said, handing Dean spices needed for a marinade. “He looked weird at that party. Who dresses up for their own party looking like you’re heading to the office?”
This was the green light—truly the beginning of a journey that had started at a kitchen table only weeks ago, completely by accident.
“No, no one saw what you sent me,” Cas assured Dean, looking up at him, attempting a smile but failing. Dean’s face fell as he waited for Cas to continue.
“Why couldn’t you just text her or wait until after the party?” Benny’s voice cut through Dean’s nervous thoughts.
“Nope — no lights,” Dean called out as Cas heard the light switch on and off repeatedly as Dean fiddled with it.
Dean stood by a hallway near the kitchen table, still watching Cas with apprehension, waiting for final judgment.
He looked to the tri-mirror on his right, both of them displayed at three angles, in the light with no shadows to hide in. Cas had his eyes closed and Dean watched, transfixed as if he was watching two different people, as Cas moved his hands again, dipping his fingers down between Dean’s hip and his jeans. Agonizingly slow, Cas slid them from the back to the front, causing an involuntary twitch as he brushed over sensitive skin.
Exhaustion from the mental strain of the day began to set in, and all Dean wanted to do was fall asleep.
“Cas, you should pull over right now,” Joshua said, tone flat and serious, crashing any optimism Cas had in the moment.
“Actually maybe I should try these on with my shirt so I can see how it fits if, you know, I buy it and wear it, right?” he asked, turning to take the first jacket, a plain black one, off the hanger.
They didn’t really touch the chips as they sat at the table, closer, almost shoulder to shoulder with their phones out and typing out plans.
That thought often conflicted with Michael, Lucas, and their father’s beliefs; that instinct is only to be trusted at some times, not all the time as a default.
All the concerns from Dean that he’d wind up like his father, miserable, drunk, depressed to the point of indirect suicide, didn’t seem to be happening or anywhere close to happening, and Cas never once showed a hint of anger, resentment, or selfishness like his family.
As Cas pulled into the downtown parking lot, he saw Dean waiting under the shade of a tree as the hot afternoon sun bore down.
Cas submerged himself completely and ducked his head underwater to get his entire body used to the temperature faster. When he rose, he saw Dean had grabbed the two foam noodles leaning against the side of the pool. They both moved onto them, staying silent for a minute.
Cas had met others on the same side of the spectrum as himself over the years,  but in the environment he was in, either Cas or the other guy always felt uncomfortable talking about it, let alone acting on it.
“It’s gonna be over before you even get to your favorite part,” Cas eventually choked out, pushing his hips back for emphasis.
The excitement helped allay some of Cas’s nerves, but after Dean left, they took the opportunity to manifest themselves again, and now Cas would have to sit with the anxiety for two more hours before leaving to head downtown for the parade.
Glancing back, he saw Cas reaching over the counter, thanking the man while they shook hands. Cas tucked the ring box, wrapped in a blue plastic, into his jacket pocket and waved as he turned to head out the door.
Holding his breath, Cas swiped out of the video and onto the previous photo, taking two fingers and enlarging it.
moved, the bullet may have hit his heart, at the very least punctured a lung. It was close, but not deadly.
“That doesn’t mean much,” Cas said, glancing at Charlie and Stevie. “People can be good at hiding their disgust I’ve learned over time. So, what about you?”
“Shit—lost more weight than I thought,” Nathan mumbled to himself. Dean, with all of the emotions from three minutes prior rushing back to him, tried not to laugh.
It wasn’t the point of Dean’s confession earlier—but at that moment—it was the only thing Cas focused on.
He knelt down and opened the kit, using his phone as a flashlight and holding it in his mouth as he went to work.
The man lowered the gun to Dean’s feet instead of pointing it at his chest, no doubt preparing himself should he have to act fast.
They had blocked off the long weekend to celebrate the holiday and to hopefully celebrate each other without fears of Cas’s landlord asking why Dean was there for the third straight time that week, or their battle every time they had gone out in public, trying to fight off the overwhelming desire to jump each other.
“It’s really hard to refuse—it’s hard to explain. Everything I had worked for is gone, and my obligations were always to my family.”
Waiting around for some kind of activity spiked Castiel’s annoyance. Not moving, not doing any kind of action made him restless.
But Cas then focused on what it was he was staring at. With a sharp inhale, he jumped back so fast he slipped on a stair, grabbing the railing next to him, spilling his coffee into the grass.
Dean hurried back to the garage, seeing Cas already inside the car, looking down at something in his lap and frowning. Closing the door behind him, Dean also looked down at the floor, giving Cas the opportunity to put whatever he had back in his pocket.
Dean had come home before covered in body paint and glitter, which took forever to get out of the carpet.
Heart still hammering in his chest, Cas ran up to his room as he heard the engine start outside. The countdown clock, muted for several hours, had started up again.
“Yeah, it does,” he answered, squeezing Cas’s hand again, “It’s why I bought a ring too. The dream was just flashes of random—whatever here and there but in each one, you had it on your finger and I couldn’t stop looking. And then when I woke up I couldn’t stop thinking about
Dean watched as Cas put his free hand in his coat pocket while they walked, his other hand grabbing Dean’s. Holding his breath, Dean kept his eyes on the path, trying to calm himself down again. Any second, they’d stop, Cas would say words that Dean wouldn’t remember right away because his brain would be short-circuiting, and would get down on one knee… or maybe not because of the snow—
As Cas stood, he barely had enough time to rebalance himself before Dean pressed him back up against the fence with languid kisses. He explored Cas’s mouth and Cas tried to hold himself up — he always felt a little weak at the knees when Dean did this right after Cas got him off like that.
Cas rolled his eyes and moved to settle against Dean. They laid there, close together, lazy kiss after lazy kiss, listening to the music as they waited for round two.
Pushing himself off the door, he walked over to his bed to plug his phone in, trying to get the rational side of his logic back when he looked up next to his desk and saw the calendar.
As 12:30 a.m. hit, mind racing, Cas decided he would call one of Dean’s friends. He didn’t like talking to them that much, feeling out of place around them, but desperate times—
“You lived here longer than I have. What’s your family’s story?” Castiel asked, sounding genuinely curious.
The question still remained if Dean was only interested in Cas because he was the only one available if Dean wanted to travel down this avenue.
They stayed in that position for a few minutes, continuing on with light, playful kisses to ease some of the anxiety they both carried.
Dean nodded, eyes heavy and breathing hard with a smirk on his face, “Hard not to with how you were knocking me at the end there.”
“My dad used to work here,” Dean said, voice quiet. Cas’s stomach turned over, contrasting with his elation just a moment before. “He was hired at some sort of attempt at reconciling, I don’t know. It was for about ten years—he started when I was about seven or something. He did odds and ends things, kept the property going, fixed the cars, that kind of stuff.”
“We wrote the same thing,” Dean explained, wiping away the tears of laughter forming before they froze, “Look at it.”
Then again, he knew this was always a fault of his. He trusted too much too fast, and that had almost gotten him in trouble several times growing up.
“Well, you were right, I was wrong,” she admitted, “Or more like those who investigated got it wrong and that’s a problem that has to be fixed. Do you know this man?”
“So you’re saying we’re alone?” Dean asked, turning to look at Cas with an eyebrow raised. There was a small beach just across the way—
That small, quiet word in his ear broke Cas’s resolve. He turned and Dean immediately caught him by the mouth, moving back into the truck bed. Cas dutifully followed.
They got their quick laughter out of the way and took a breath at the same time, now planning for it:
The feeling never failed to help ground Dean and to help remind him just how much they’ve gained over the years, how much they really did deserve any and all happiness and stability that came their way. A simple heartbeat to anyone else was a steady stream of comfort and love coursing Dean, always bringing him back to the moment. Gratitude, wonderment… joy. All of it.
As he pressed and rubbed, Dean tried his best to restrain himself but couldn’t help but tilt his hips back, trying to get Cas to do more.
Dean listened as he flipped open the brochure. He had one to the very same ranch once with his uncle and brother when he was fifteen but hadn’t had a chance to go back since. Not only did everyone want to go to Jackson Hole for the summer, booking up all the rooms, but also—
Cas sighed as he unpacked the sheets Dean had in one of his suitcases, wanting to sleep for at least twelve hours. He lamented the fact that he had to stay in the cabin on his own when they both should have been there, both should have made themselves comfortable already.
Dean sighed and slid his phone closer, bringing up a banking app. Once he had the account information up, he showed it to Cas.
“Nothing,” Dean answered, paused, and sighed. “Well, it’s something, but I’m feeling the less you know the better. If you haven’t heard from me in like, three hours, call the cops. Ask for Donna since she’s the only who’d care if I was gone—“
“I told you the truth. It’s still in my car if you wanted to see,” Cas answered, keeping his tone light.
What didn’t help was Cas coming to confess to things that Dean already had been beating himself up over for days.
“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you,” Dean conceded, sincere in his apology, “It wasn’t for reasons against you.”
“My family had one like this,” Dean said watching Cas reach up to place it on the top of the tree. He placed a hand up there to help steady it. The angel lit up with the projected colors, almost looking like she was moving all on her own.
As he turned around to see his assailant, trying to throw in a swing, Benny felt something hit his face. His nose definitely broke, that much he knew, and he couldn’t stand anymore. He wanted to yell, call for help, but the words died in his throat as he collapsed to the ground.
“Thank you,” Cas said, turning around and tossing the wallet into his room, “You were a little stupid, but thank you.”
Dean’s fingers worked their magic, turning Cas into an internal mess. With each pass, every wave of heat that rippled out drew gasps and soft moans or a quiet “please,” almost at the point of begging Dean would replace his fingers with something else.
Cas didn’t say anything. He knew what Dean wanted but if Dean was adamant on playing games, then he’d play.
“I’ve been figuring out how to answer all of Jack’s inevitable questions as well,” Cas said, “Assuming he asks any. I hope he kind of gets it.”
“What does Michael think you’re doing all these times you’ve gone out at night?” Dean finally asked, turning around with his shirt in his hands. Cas wished he’d put it on. It was hard enough having the conversation, even worse seeing what he was walking away from.
Instead of driving further down the street to Dean’s house. Cas pulled over to the side and answered, just to make it seem like he wasn’t about to barge in on Dean’s afternoon regardless if he had answered his phone or not.
Dean’s imagination, uncontrolled at that point, placed him on that asphalt, rocks digging into his knees,  while he held Cas’s hips firm against the brick wall of the building. Dean was in control of the speed. Cas’s hands rested on Dean’s head but weren’t doing much because Dean was exploring all on his own. However, every so often, his fists would tighten in Dean’s hair, applying that pressure that just made him want to try harder, faster—
When Dean’s hands finally slid down Cas’s back and gripped the swell of his ass, digging his fingers in slightly and flexing, Cas choked off a gasp against Dean’s neck. Dean smirked as Cas brought his head up, deposited a quick kiss, and moved off of him entirely, leaving a pocket of cooling water in his wake.
Dean’s eyes widened at first before he smirked, moving his hand up from under the sheet and to Cas’s mouth where he brushed his lower lip with his thumb.
They shoved the bedspread to the side, as well as the sheets as Dean moved up against the pillows. Nerves surged in him as inspiration struck. Cas watched as Dean spread his legs slightly, bending one up. No hat, no shorts—full view this time.
Michael pointed a finger, narrowing his eyes, “I will lock you in here and only let you out to meet Hannah if I have to. Stay away from him. Their whole family is trouble.”
The adrenaline wouldn’t leave him, and all he kept thinking about was that damn blow job orgy, and how he got Cas to smile, and that soft laugh that he desperately needed to hear again. Those images and sounds mixed with how good Dean thought Cas looked at the cookout, from their easy conversations, from Cas highlighted head to toe in rainbow light—
Dean followed the path over to the side door where Michael came through. In a daze, he walked through the fully lit kitchen, through a fully lit hallway passing the bathrooms, and out into the great room.
Cas said nothing as he looked away from Dean, trying to decide if he should leave angry, depressed, or embarrassed.
Then, absurdity descends into your head as you try to catch whatever thought you can, hoping it can be the one that helps you.
Benny parked three streets away and made their way down on the other side of the main street that led to the Charleston residence. The only way in (without being seen) was through a back garden fence down a slight hill that, according to Lee, no one paid attention to and was sure to be unlocked.
He hadn’t needed to take care of business on his own for a while, but the routine always stayed the same. Music cranked, fan going—sometimes all the lights stayed on, and sometimes not; it depended on the mood, depended on his level of need.
“Yeah, but they’re ten and twelve and in school and can’t marry a twenty-three year old woman,” Cas answered.
And for Lee, Cas learned that selling Dean out to both Zachariah and Michael paid more than being a bartender at a country club in Kansas.
Cas voiced his concern overtaking his own vehicle, paranoia kicking up that Michael would somehow be able to track it down.
Gabriel paused before sighing deep, almost defeated, “Because Micheal will do whatever possible to try and get every last one of them out of Worthington. Did he mention something about a development on the south side of town?”
“Yes ma’am,” Dean said, giving a mock salute before Charlie flashed them a quick smile and turned to catch up with her group.
Dean eventually lapped the entire front and side yard with the fear of being caught soon replaced by confusion. There was the possibility Cassie never wound up coming—it was a strong possibility, but she said two weeks ago—
“Merry Christmas—why are you up so early?” Jack asked, taking the spoon out to fish for the remaining marshmallow.
“Never said y’were,” Reynolds said, yanking on something else. “But city folk got soft hands and I don’t need y’breakin’ it more.”
“That sounds… interesting,” Dean said, nodding his head like he understood the sheer will power and delusional spirit someone had to have in order to study the Bible as a career.
Videos could only show you so much, but the camera wasn’t inside the person’s mouth, so the viewer couldn’t watch what was done to make the other man react so intensely.
In his freshman year of high school, he had met a boy who had come from the northern coast of Maine. He showed Cas photographs of his house as well as a beach just down the street. It was the photo of the beach that Cas kept as a memory deep inside his head. It was standing on the beach on a gloomy-looking day with storm clouds moving in from the Atlantic. It was supposed to be a photo of a woman smiling, keeping her sunhat on—but the camera instead focused on a cliff in the background. A smaller house, probably a vacation one, sat near the edge, surrounded by pine trees, one of them crooked.
“I don’t care what you think, I’m telling you the timeline here. You propose in one month, before Labor Day.”
Michael shut his mouth and shot a side glance at the officers who still weren’t looking at him, but Cas caught it.
The prospect of them being irrelevant was a dream to Dean, passed down from generations and generations.
They had only fallen asleep three hours prior, finally settling down after an active evening and night with the alone time that they hadn’t had for a couple of months. Sleep had been pushed off as long as they could to take time for each other, time that had slipped away after their
“You good?” he asked, amused. Dean never had that kind of reaction when he invited people over before.
Cas hummed in acknowledgment as he went back to Dean’s lips for a moment, skating over to his jaw while he moved his hips, only slightly, but enough for the minute contact to stoke the fires in Dean. Lazy tendrils of pleasure wound around him, sinking deep like the heat from the water.
Dean looked down at his hand like he did so many times that night just to make sure the ring was still there. He wondered if he’d ever get over the small swooping sensation in his stomach every time he caught a glimpse of it.
“Michael expects me to propose to Hannah by the end of next month,” Cas finished, thumb almost bleeding at that point.
“Well… I guess that’s what I needed to hear,” Dean said, staring unfocused at his hand, still picking at a loose thread. His words came automatically as the truth he needed pushed through the noise in his head.
Dean’s mind was moving a mile a minute, caught in between wanting the Charlestons to get the walloping they deserved, but knowing that would hurt Cas. Then, knowing that keeping his family on top meant another dismal future for the guy. It sounded like Cas couldn’t win no matter what door he chose.
Another “fresh air” trip happened when Cas had a particularly bad night terror, one he couldn’t shake off like the others, and it was well into the next day that he asked Dean if they could go get some “fresh air”.
But now, as Dean forced himself to remember that night, he also saw the similarities of their situation.
It was nearly one in the morning and Dean and Cas were the only ones left in the backyard. The fire had died down to glowing embers, and lawn chairs lay scattered in the yard along with empty cups and bottles and plates. The moon was high and bright overhead, and somewhere in the distance coyotes made their presence known.
They tried ocean sex once, and while it was good, it wasn’t worth the hassle. Dean had moved it into the “no shower sex, no pool sex” column, and Cas didn’t blame him as he sneezed saltwater for a week.
Desperate at that point for some kind of contact Cas pulled Dean off the bench he sat on and pulled him in for a searing kiss that he’d been craving since that afternoon; far, far beyond what Hannah gave, or could ever give Cas.
“Sit up a little more, I want to try something,” Cas replied, moving farther away. Dean obeyed, trying to find that heat again. Cas moved back in between Dean’s legs but didn’t move to press against him.
He told them what happened at the store as they put the groceries away with some reluctance. It would seem like an about-face from what Dean usually says about Charlestons, so he could understand the reaction.
They worked in their respective spaces for nearly thirty minutes, Dean finally getting the prime rib roast into the oven, the nearly-too-small oven, and the side dishes ready to go once they got closer to chow time. They’d be eating a little later than Dean had initially wanted, but working with a limited kitchen had its downfalls.
But Dean saw the fear and desperation in Cas’s eyes, and immediately recognized it as someone who was crying out to be listened to. It was the want, the absolute need to confide in someone, anyone, otherwise you’d go crazy. It was a look Dean’s no doubt had on his face several times throughout his life.
As he went around the room, realizing he had nothing there he cared for, he realized also he wasn’t leaving anyone behind—anyone that would miss him anyway. Dean, while he didn’t have many of them, still had some friends in town.
Cas felt it now. Dean, on the ascent, would cup Cas with his tongue, and kept it like that on the way back down. A couple other times, Dean retreated so far up that Cas thought he’d leave completely, but it was only to slide his tongue over the tip a few times before going back down. The move literally took Cas’s breath away and replaced it by one or two moans and a choked off whine.
