Sherlock’s voice dropped, and John had to strain to hear his reply. “I surprised John out of a sound sleep, alright? I should have known better than to creep up on him in the dark, and him, a soldier. Of course he lashed out when he sensed someone in the room who he didn't expect. It’s not his fault; he’s dealing with a lot right now and he just gets angry, and I know that, and it’s fine. He didn’t even know it was me. I’ll be more careful in future.”
A moment later, John was climbing behind his lanky friend, glad of his grip-soled hikers on the wobbly planks. How Sherlock kept his feet with thin leather soles was a source of endless mystery to John, but he seemed as comfortable at height as he did on the ground, swinging gracefully from the scaffolding to the beams and walking along them as casually as a cat. John bit back a demand that Sherlock be careful, certain all it would earn him would be a scathing look. He cautiously stepped onto the beam himself with a tight grip on the vertical steel at his side, then realized it was solid and a bit wider than his foot - nothing like the balance beams he’d walked in phys ed as a kid. The steel girders were marked with dusty footprints from many feet, coming and going along the beams in scuffling paths.
He had a goal, now: to discover all the places John Watson liked to be touched. He took his time, stroking fingers over taut pectorals, brushing lightly over pebbled nipples and savoring the gasp that was produced when he tasted there. John squirmed when he dragged fingers along smooth flanks, and chuckled throatily when he slid up into lightly furred armpits, inhaling John’s musky scent from the source. Biceps and triceps were mapped and lightly massaged, to hums of contentment from John.
John rolled his eyes and shrugged ruefully. “Yeah,” he said neutrally. “But yeah, you were right to make me think on it. I think - if you really feel I should, that it’s for the best - that I could go home,” he bent down, letting his weight draw his fingers toward the floor as Duck had instructed all week, “but I’d hope that we could keep up our talks for a little bit - hey, my fingers touched the floor!” He continued from his inverted position, sounding somewhat strangled, swinging his hands at the carpet. “Just for a second, and the barest tip of my middle fingers, but it did!” He heaved back to standing, eyes shining.
His hand came away wet. Was he crying?
It was after perhaps another minute of stillness that the moment ended with the loud chiming of Sherlock’s mobile. Both John and Sherlock tensed, then sprang apart as though someone had jumped into the room and yelled ‘boo!’ Neither seemed inclined to look the other in the eyes, and Sherlock lunged for his coat to see what the alert had been about. John walked to the window and willed his flaming cheeks to cool.
“Actually...” Duck offered, “that brings me to something we ought to talk about. You’ve been here a week, and in hospital for two days before that. How are you doing? How are you feeling?”
John blinked. “Her? But she only just arrived at the park, and was on the path-”
Sherlock blinked, clearly startled by the request. He glanced at John searchingly, and receiving John’s minute nod, acquiesced with only minor poor grace. The door clicked shut behind him, though his silhouette could be clearly seen through the shades, seeming to guard the door.
“More fun with watermelons, I’d expect,” he countered, and looked back over to Amina, who snickered into her mug. He breathed a sigh of relief, and pushed away from the table. “Well, thank you for the tea. Are you all set for the afternoon with this one?” He stroked a hand over Rosie’s fair head, nodding when she assured him they were fine; planning a visit to the park later, if he wanted to come along?
John's suit in this chapter is pretty much lifted straight from
John flopped back into his chair with an almost-silent groan and wiped his hands across his face. “I should have known I wouldn’t be able to hide this from you. Christ, what a mess.”
For instance, the evening after Sherlock had solved the stylist case and smuggled in Chinese takeaway for them both, John had been subdued and ecstatic by turns. The thrill of solving a case - and of playing a useful part even if just over text - was exhilarating, and Sherlock’s praise all the more precious for being so rare. It was balanced by the sickened sadness and pity he held for the boy who had been pivotal to the whole mess. More had come to light about the lad’s home life that had John pushing away sympathetic recollections more than once; an abusive father who was a drinker, a mother too lost in her own pain to protect her only child.
All this strangeness began to prey on Sherlock’s mind. What if John were hiding some sort of girlfriend or love affair on the laptop? Perhaps it was a longer-distance thing. Would John move out to go be with her? Was that why he didn’t want Sherlock to know about it? Sherlock took to pressing on the scar on his chest with his fingers. He knew a healed scar couldn’t spontaneously reopen, but it was aching often now. He hated how much this seemingly minor aberration was taking over his thoughts and pushing aside everything else. Certainly it was none of his business who John wanted to date; (since it would never be Sherlock) they weren’t like that. Nicotine patches didn’t help. The violin didn’t help, other than to wipe away any blushes John might be having when the caterwauling notes began.
John was relieved. He had heard from other family members that Marjorie had thrown herself into her work and was a successful research chemist, but not much else. He was glad she had found something to distract her from that stupid promise; he’d never be what she wanted, and he wasn’t inclined to try. He replied -
John looked at Sherlock with astonishment. “Don’t judge? Sherlock, by any objective standard, after what I’ve done to you, you should be running as fast and as far as you can. Why? Why on Earth are you still here?” John’s anguish resurged forcefully, and his expression twisted with it; regret, self-loathing, anger all mixed together in a poisonous stew. He hunched forward and hid his face behind his hands as his eyes filled to overflowing.
John seemed to remember such a thing, but vaguely, as if he had thought about it but not actually done it. Abruptly anger flared in his chest, and equally fear, though of what he wasn’t sure. Both found a focus in Sherlock. “That wasn’t a free pass to come in whenever you like, damn it!” He threw up his hands and paced again, words spewing forth almost without conscious thought. “You don’t live here, and I thought you were an intruder - I could have killed you, Sherlock, can you get that through your massive brain? What right do you have to come and go in my house whenever you like?” John rounded on Sherlock, causing his friend to flinch back from his rage, face white and stricken. “I’m a trained killer, you goddamn idiot, and you can’t know what I’ll do if you surprise me. What if I went for my gun instead of jumping you? I could have blown your head off!”
Sherlock tried not to preen, but a brief smile leaked through. “Well, then, what else?”
Dr Harrington gave one more long look at Rosie before returning her mind to the business at hand, then began briskly listing off paperwork that needed to be signed, confirmation that needed to be received, and one more thing...
“Sherlock?” John prompted, “do you want to talk about the case? Finish it up?” He waggled the phone again, then realized he had a similar expression on his face to when he was trying to get Rosie to eat. He hurriedly schooled his features to a more sober expression. “Did that bloke turn out to be mafia after all?”
“John, I should have known better than to creep up on you when you were sleeping. I’m just as guilty in this as you are.”
“John,” he said, head lowering despite what he was about to say, “we can’t do this now.” His lips met John’s, latching briefly with the barest swipe of a tongue; he tasted the mint of their toothpaste.
When he was done, he regarded Sherlock again; he could see his friend’s reflection in the glass and he was still flushed a rosy pink.
They were getting out of the cab outside New Scotland Yard when the reality of what they were about to do came crashing down on John like a load of bricks. He halted on the pavement, face pale, looking up at the building as Sherlock leaned into the cab window to pay the driver.
~~oOo~~
John’s own throat started to close up and he cuffed a tear away from each eye.
"One minute, fifteen seconds. That's a pint for me."
“You laugh now, but he has a theory that exercise helps people work out problems because they think differently; their brains are busy keeping them moving, and so the higher processes can get on with things without constant self-censoring.”
John stood motionless for a moment, and then bemusedly went to dig his phone out of the drawer where he’d stashed it that morning. If Sherlock was going to text, he wanted to be prepared.
Like now, for instance. Today’s outing was a hike and a picnic, and Stephen had run rings around the older two kids, chattering about everything and nothing while the adults had ambled slowly behind, hand in hand. The unusual mushroom at the side of the trail (“it looks like a marshmallow poo!”), John’s new trainers (“Awesome! With the blue swoosh!”), Stephen’s clear superiority of spelling prowess over his classmates (“Can’t even say ‘infinitesimal,’ let alone spell it, the wankers!”) and Marjorie’s science report (“the volcano tipped over, just before she was supposed to talk!”) received a thorough monologue in a piping voice that occasionally dipped into a pubescent break. Marjorie couldn’t contain her sighs after the first ten minutes, and John had to steer her back to the trail at least twice due to overt eye-rolling at her brother’s antics. Eventually, she hit her limit. “Shut up!” she yelled, “Can’t you for one minute be quiet and just walk along? We’re supposed to be enjoying the nature!”
“What did I say, eh?” Duck said, swatting him on the bicep. “Seven-and-a-half klicks is a natural for you. At a good clip, too!” He scrubbed a hand through his greying hair, chuckling. “I’m all in a sweat!”
He covertly observed John in the mirror as his friend emerged, clean-shaven and scrubbed, dressed already in the trousers and shirt from his new suit. The waistcoat, jacket and tie awaited John on the bed, and he stepped over to them with an absent look on his face.
John wasted no time, rolling on the condom he had placed close to hand, and giving his prick a swift coating of lube, hissing at the stimulation. He lined himself up and waited, again pressing Sherlock’s leg toward his chest. And waited.
“Yeah,” John said, caught suddenly wrong-footed, petting a grown man while in hospital. He casually retracted his hand back to his lap, trying to disregard the tingling in his fingertips. “You’ll get a pain in your neck if you sleep like that for long.”
,” he spat. “How could you do this, Sherlock? Goddammit! I won’t stay! You can’t make me!”
They had John measured and the suit pinned for alteration, with the assurance that it would be ready for Thursday. Sherlock chose two more sets of shirts, some trousers and a jumper in a rich Merlot hue. It did wonders for John’s complexion and felt marvelous under Sherlock’s hands. John drew the line at underpants though; declaring mulishly that his Marks & Spencers were fine, thanks, and he would be damned if he let Mycroft buy his boxers. Sherlock eyed the clerk significantly, indicating that the sleek cotton-silk boxer briefs in John’s size which he casually left on the counter should be delivered with the other things. The clerk nodded his understanding with an understated wink.
“It aches now and then, and I could swear I can feel my toes sometimes, even though they’re long gone. I need to pay attention to the skin, make sure it’s not rubbing or getting irritated under the sleeves I wear. But for the most part, the running is more comfortable than it’s ever been, now that I’ve got a vacuum attachment and this running blade. Much better than on a pegleg, more bounce, more give to it.” As they talked, Duck had been increasing the pace until they were moving along at a good clip, keeping an eye on how John was keeping up.
John rocked his head on the pillow in denial. He was a wreck, and a monster, and a failure, and nothing would ever be right again.
An aftershock twitched through his frame as his mind struggled to come back online and take stock. He registered a gentle hand stroking up and down his spine, another still cupping his buttock possessively. John was murmuring somewhere beside his ear. “That was amazing, Sherlock, oh, brilliant. You’re so beautiful when you come. I’ve wanted this for so long, and now… I can’t believe it. So, so gorgeous.” The reverent litany continued, and Sherlock determined that he felt (
Before he could stop himself, Sherlock had taken John’s hand and given it a gentle squeeze. He was about to let go, shocked at his audacity and starting to come up with an apology, when John’s fingers tangled with his and squeezed back. John shot him a grateful look, tinged with surprise, and Sherlock realized with startled glee that he was
“Nor do I,” Sherlock said, breaking out into a matching grin. “Shall we learn, then? Lestrade says ‘Messy. Bring your Wellies.’ Ha! Excellent!” He bounded from his chair “Come, John!”
The eyes swept him, noting details, intent on his face. After a moment, Sherlock resettled in his chair and offered his hand. Again they sat, the silence descended. Golden afternoon light suffused the room as the sun sank to dusk. John cradled Sherlock's hand in his own; concentrating on stroking the fingers, stretching the thumb, scoring the palm lightly with his nails. Providing changeable physical sensation for a restless mind to focus on. The feet had stopped tapping, John realized; he wasn't sure when. Had he really been at this for most of an hour? He sat back, feeling light and content. Holding his friend's lean hand loosely in his own, he observed. Breathing regular but shallow, brow smooth, pulse at the throat slow, steady. Asleep? Yes. Amazing.
Sherlock groaned with exasperation and flopped back on the bed with arms outflung. “Yes, Yes! John, Yes!”
John held steady, making sure of his aim, and began to squeeze the trigger when a weight barreled into him, knocking him aside. His gun discharged and he heard a cry of pain, then Sherlock and Spike toppled over on top of him, knocking the wind out of him with a whoosh.
and more fleeting but equally potent, kinesthetic impressions (lean muscles under his hands during recent hugs, huge hand clasping his own so carefully, sleeping head laid on his hospital bed while silken curls slipped around his fingers) that made goosebumps break out across his skin and spurred an inevitable tumescence.
“Um, thanks,” she said awkwardly, “you helped me, and you didn’t have to.”
“There! How do you feel?” He asked John as he ushered them over to the sofa and chair they’d occupied the day before.
Sherlock drew in an arm to put his fingers on his scar; it seemed like it should be pushing outward with all the pressure behind it, yet it wasn’t a painful sensation. He flipped his hand over to feel John’s chest, and discovered a rapid heartbeat beneath his palm.
John quirked a half smile. “How did you know there was something else?”
A glint of silver eyes watched him go.
Sherlock paused in the doorway, eyebrows raised in inquiry.
“Oh, God yes.”
“Hello, John,” said an instantly recognizable voice from behind him.
“Oi, Jack, what da fuck is dis?” he snarled, his East London accent thick with censure. “We weren’t to be disturbed.”
John waved wryly, shaking his head at such enthusiasm, “yeah, see you.” He headed toward the lifts, where Sherlock was impatiently waiting. He felt his face crease in a smile.
Only Sherlock’s imperious, snarky comments kept him from slipping into a truly dark mood; the man bossed people around like it was his right, and then was so honestly surprised when they were offended by it. John had always found his bafflement inexplicably charming, and this was no exception.
Sherlock regarded him frostily. “Aren’t you going to laugh, or ask why, or protest that a man of my age couldn’t possibly be one after all this time?” he tried to stand up, but was prevented by John’s grip on his arm.
and Sherlock laid his head back on top of John’s, while John laid his head on Sherlock’s shoulder and contemplated the horrible fake wood paneling of the video booth. John closed his eyes to savor the warmth and experience of embracing Sherlock.
“Doesn’t everyone?” John scowled at him. Was he so obvious, that Duck was able to pick up on his churning confusion about his newly discovered feelings?
The amber liquid in his highball was almost gone, Sherlock noticed. He rattled the ice gently, debating if he should have a third drink so early in the evening, but he was bored stiff by these dreary wedding guests. The bride was the daughter of a new-money type who liked to flaunt his wealth, so no expense was spared for this little get-together being held for the business contacts, elderly relatives, and more distant kin of the happy couple. Which meant the whiskey was excellent, Sherlock thought. Point in favor for a third.
“No, I don’t want to back out. I agree with you. But Sherlock, you’re my best friend. I don’t want to make you do something that will be uncomfortable for you.” John looked up from under his brows. “It’s not a requirement of best friends that they do whatever they’re asked, you understand? We’d still be the same as ever, if you backed out now.”
A beat for breath passed, and abruptly the man in his arms was shuddering, stifled giggling vibrating against his pectorals. John tipped his head up, eyes crinkled as he laughed out loud. “Fine, you win. I’ll bring the posh bloody pants.” Sherlock made a note to create another alcove dedicated to John laughing while hugging; the sensation was incredibly enjoyable.
It’s difficult to write this, but I’ve started so I’ll go on: I’ve known for a while now that Sherlock is in love with me. It’d be hard to miss, with some of the things he’s said and done. That evening too: every now and then he’d glance across at me and I’d see it all over his face. I’d done my best to ignore it before, so I’m not sure why it hit me so hard just then. It made my chest clench like I’d lost him all over again. Except that this time I could do something about it.
“How does that feel?” he asks, pulling off his gloves.
Was this promise or evasion? It was maddening. “
“There must have been something wrong or you wouldn’t have reacted like that.”
“The evidence is circumstantial, but it does point in that direction.”
It was not, however, the aftereffects of our jaunt around London, nor the lateness of our return to Baker Street, that led to my tardiness the next morning. Rather, I had had some considerable difficulty in sleeping. The case was foremost in my mind and, in the silence of my bedchamber, my thoughts returned to Mrs. Jennings and her lover with unsettling persistence.
“Very well.” There was now a distinct trace of mockery in Jennings’ voice. “I must bow to your superior comprehension of the feminine psyche. You have convinced me that a restless yearning for female companionship is
A final THANK YOU to my beta Emma Ockham for all her help and patience with this chapter. Thank you also to RosiePaw, JonDoe, Hope_Austen, GlamPixie, emmybm15 and inthewind101 for their encouraging comments, and to everyone else who has read and kudoed this story. I’m thrilled that you enjoyed it!
John takes a few deep breaths. Talking about Sholto with Sherlock is having an odd effect on him. It’s awkward as hell, but also somehow…liberating. Maybe Sherlock is right: maybe normal friends would have had this conversation years ago.
“You will gain nothing by boring yourself and the girl half to death,” I countered, half-laughing at his vehemence. “Every remark should invite her interest, or signal your own. If she mentions the cold, you could offer her your jacket. Or imply that, in her presence, you feel agreeably warm. Selecting the appropriate degree of subtlety is an art in itself.”
“Stop that,” I said, without thinking, catching his wrist and pressing a kiss to his racing pulse. “Let me.”
We regarded each other in silence for a long while. Try as I might, I could not decipher his expression, but there was a hint of wistful reproach that made me instantly regret my hasty words. I also received the unaccountable impression that I had disappointed, or even wounded him. The very possibility cut me to the quick. Before I could attempt a reply, however, he dropped his gaze and added, with a shrug: “Our client has appealed to us for help. I cannot disregard her inclinations in my efforts to assist her.”
“That is the gist of it.”
“Not…directly…” he gasped, and I felt a childish satisfaction at having once more rendered him inarticulate. “You… merely said that I… ah!” I bent my head and touched my lips to the salty tip of his prick, and he flung his arm across his face.
My breath caught in my throat. Two of my patients that afternoon had acted precisely as he had described, and as he spoke he was undoing their handiwork: running one long finger across my watch to erase the smudge, then loosening my cravat, his hands deft and gentle against my chest. He was standing so close to me that his breath warmed my cheek. For one perilous moment, I was tempted to lean closer, or to grasp his hands and demand that he stop; I hardly knew whether to respond as Agatha or as myself.
engaged in an illicit relationship with the connivance of her friend. Her visits are of an innocent nature.”
“What kind of information?” I asked, with all the delicacy I could muster.
He laughed and released my hand, leaning against me. “You make a perfectly balanced argument”.
Jennings had watched Turpin’s approach with an eager, almost covetous, expression on his face. “You have the evidence?” he asked, in lieu of a greeting.
“Naturally,” I replied, determined that no hesitation on my part should dissuade him.
“A sexual relationship?”
“Milverton’s butler,” he clarified, with a smile. “I have also won the heart of Milverton’s cook and several of the footmen. When the ill effects of a broken water pipe are exacerbated by a rainstorm, and the kitchens ankle deep in sludge, a skilled workman such as Escott is more welcome than a bevy of sentimental swains.”
“No, indeed,” I replied, startled. “I will spend the day here, and assist you with the case, if you have no objection.”
All at once, the silence between us was too intense: it magnified every rustle of our clothing, and every thud of my heart. I ran my hand experimentally down his arm from shoulder to wrist; he remained silent and motionless throughout. Were it not for the rapid twitch and leap of his carotid pulse, he might have passed for a monument to stony indifference.
“What’s got into you tonight?”
“Holmes, do not pretend to be less than you are. You are not only guided by logic: you have a generous heart and a depth of empathy that was never more apparent to me than today.”
“Do you have plans for the day?” he demanded, abruptly.
influenced his subsequent behaviour towards other attractive men, notably Sherlock himself. Especially in the months leading up to his wedding, when Sherlock seemed more
“Yeah, I’ve moved onto step whatever-it-is.” John confirms. “Is that okay?” Then, leaving Sherlock plenty of time to refuse, he leans forward until their cocks touch. They both gasp.
I was seized by the sudden urge to laugh, although it was more from surprise and embarrassment than mirth. Despite my invitation, I had not expected him to take so direct an approach. The scene was contrived, no doubt a product of his foray into romantic literature, yet it was disconcertingly effective: my pulse had quickened, and my skin tingled with awareness of his proximity. It was fortunate that his expression was less skilfully executed. He was attempting an admiring gaze, but, upon his stern features, the result was more suggestive of constipation.
John winces, because, put like that, of course it sounds ridiculous. But his experience with Sholto
“That is undoubtedly true,” Holmes acknowledged. “However, I believe that there is more to this than meets the eye. If you truly wish for me to help you and, by extension, Miss Warrens, you will need to confide in me. Both Watson and I give our solemn promise that nothing you say will ever leave this room.”
A gust of wind rattled at the windows, and lightning flickered through the charged air. Taking a deep breath, I placed my hands upon his shoulders.
John gives a startled laugh, and tries to shake off his uncharacteristic uncertainty. This is only Sherlock, after all, and whatever pedestal you place him on, he refuses to stay there for more than a minute. “I’m getting there,” he promises. “Just give me a moment.”
“I am grateful to you both for your efforts,” Mrs. Jennings assured us perfunctorily, before adding, in unconscious imitation of her husband, “you have the evidence?”
“I’m sure that it’s merely a question of practice,” I said, compelled to reassure him. He answered only with a shrug, so I laid down my book and moved to join him upon the sofa. “What have you attempted? Show me.”
Sherlock hadn’t slept that night. When I let myself in, he was perched on the back of his chair, still wearing his outfit from the club, except that he’d scrubbed the make-up off his face. His hair was a complete mess, as if he’d spent the night running his hands through it. I could hardly breathe when I saw him.
“My God, John!” he said breathlessly, staring up at me in a mixture of awe and consternation. “I am terribly sorry. But that was entirely your own fault!”
touches his cock there’s no room for awkwardness: John spreads his legs to give him access, and presses wantonly into his hand. He’s dimly aware that he’s moaning Sherlock’s name. His pre-come is slicking Sherlock’s fingers. Those lips against his throat… those fingers stroking him firmer and faster…
“It’s comfortable. Thank you,” Sherlock says, his voice pitched low. And then, without further hesitation, they both lean in until their lips touch.
I leaned against the mantel and closed my eyes. “In my younger days, I did. I had quite a reputation for it.”
“Concealment. And attack.”
Only the partner of Sherlock Holmes could be required, within five brief minutes, to descend from the heights of passion to the seeking out of rubber-soled tennis shoes and the fabrication of black silk masks. Upon reflection it seems strange, even to me, but such is the life that we share. We had no time to lose, for the evening was already advanced and the storm abating. Sooner than I would have thought possible, we were seated in a cab bound for Hampstead.
“I am not referring to sexual intimacy,” he added quickly, divining my thoughts. “However, something more than the polite offer of my arm is required. Agatha is more forward with me, and will become suspicious if I do not reciprocate.”
“Gay,” Sherlock finishes, flatly. “So you’ve said.”
Holmes gestured for me to wait, then darted into the restaurant himself. A minute later, he was beckoning to me from the window: he had succeeded in procuring us a table in an alcove not six feet away from the place where Mr. Jennings was now seated. Careful not to glance in that direction, I hastened to join my friend, who was smiling in evident satisfaction at his skillful management of the affair.
know.” He swallowed convulsively. “That is rather the point.”
“I heard no nightmares,” he continued, ignoring my feeble assertion. “Nor were you in pain, for your movements are free enough. Nor do I believe that toting cumbersome paperwork around Holborn yesterday evening inflamed your passions to the point of disturbing your sleep.”
Now, I know I’m a bit past my prime, and I’m married and a father and all that, but really I don’t feel much different from the “confirmed bachelor” John Watson who spent his free time running round London with Sherlock Holmes, catching criminals. And back then, almost everyone who knew us (and quite a few who didn’t) assumed that we were at it like rabbits. So I didn’t understand why he thought I couldn’t pass for his boyfriend for one evening, and I made the mistake of asking him to explain.
“The romantic in me has plenty more to say upon the subject.”
oooOOOooo
“I consider sentiment to be a defect which detracts from the ability to reason,” he responded, coolly. “My distaste has, thus far, extended to all forms of romantic entanglement.”
“Your wedding was surely a splendid affair. Where was it held?”
than ever before, John told himself repeatedly that he’d be an idiot to give up his physically and emotionally satisfying relationship with Mary for any uncertain something-beyond-friendship he imagined he might have with Sherlock. Mary was the wrong choice, obviously, but that doesn’t make him any less anxious about starting something he can’t follow through.
“And what were your findings?”
I forced myself to speak, although my throat was very dry. “You should play like that for Agatha,” I told him.
“But if he’s informed and willing…”
“Apart from half a cheese grater?”
“That is a significant improvement.”
“I apologise for startling you,” he said, as I repeated at the same moment: “Engaged?”
“The last time I walked out with her, we spent a full hour debating whether the esteemed Lady Alicia Malcom really is having an affair with her footman.”
“So we have.”
“She has told you this?”
“If we are distracted, you mean.” He rubbed a hand over his face, and dropped his head back to stare fixedly at the ceiling.
“Am I embarrassing you?”
John gives a mirthless laugh. “Got it in one.”
“Mrs. Jennings is a rather singular young lady,” he remarked at length. “What is your opinion?”
He walked on, and I continued by his side, feeling strangely at peace. The intimate words and touches that we had shared over the past week, compelling though they had been,
Technically, that doesn’t answer the question, but John is light-headed with relief all the same. He knows that expression and that tone of voice well enough to sense that everything will be fine between them. “It’s not like you to bollocks up an experiment,” he teases. “Did you collect some useful data at least?”
“Oh, burn them, if you please!”
That friendship now demanded perfect openness between us. Any attempt to conceal my sentiments from Holmes would be futile and, worse still, craven. Had I felt half as much for any woman, I would not have hesitated to declare myself. But yet, how dauntingly strange it would be, to thus address my closest friend! I had no experience with this; no notion of the words or the actions required. I had no reason to hope that I could ever be more to him than I was now.
John frowns, startled. “I didn’t mean it like that.”
“For the purpose of calibration, naturally. I was comparing the passing appreciation of a stranger with that of a man in love.”
“What is troubling you, Watson?” he asked, quietly.
He seized my hips and arched up against me, and we both groaned at the aching pleasure of the contact. His head dropped back and I buried my face into the crook of his neck, kissing him, tasting his skin, desperate to be closer. I wanted him so badly that words failed me; even actions barely sufficed. I rocked my hips against his; he answered my rhythm, and then the world stood still: there was nothing but the strain and tremble of my muscles, and the piercing sweetness where our bodies touched. He slipped a hand between us, aligning my erection to his, and the pleasure spiralled wildly: blinding, so intense that I could scarcely breathe until it broke over me like a flood wave, and I stifled a cry against his shoulder.
“Fascinating,” Sherlock confirms.
“That was incredible,” John says at last, struggling to find adequate words through the haze. “I mean… I should be embarrassed, really. I haven’t come that quickly since I was a teenager. But no one has ever…
“Right,” John says finally. He looks back down at their joined hands. “It’s not like I haven’t thought about that, once or twice,” he admits, his heart pounding against his ribs. “But – you probably already know this - there’s an emotional side to sex. When two people sleep together, things tend to change between them. And a lot of the time it turns out badly.”
“We really should take off our boots, you know,” Holmes remarked, interrupting my thoughts. “The rain will make it impossible to track us, yet we’re sure to have left some prints.”
Sweaty, sticky and exhausted as he is, John kisses Sherlock so hard that neither of them can breathe.
“I’m aware of that John,” Sherlock replies, seriously. “But I do think that framing this encounter as an experiment will help to manage expectations. Both you and… your test subject are aware that there are three possible outcomes. If you both dislike the sex, nothing changes. If one of you enjoys it and the other does not, that’s unfortunate, but it’s a possibility that you’re both prepared for. No surprises, minimal embarrassment, no recriminations. And thirdly, you might both enjoy it. In that case…” Sherlock hesitates for a moment, “… in that case you might consider entering into a sexual relationship. And/or a romantic one.”
He laughed. “Never fear. Even I am not such a perfectionist. I believe that we can safely rely upon the incompetence of our friends at Scotland Yard.”
He compressed his lips and shifted in his chair. “You have asked me not to affect an aloof detachment from human emotions. I will therefore admit that I cannot provide an impartial judgement. My ability to draw inferences from observed behaviour is compromised when the individuals in question are my friends.”
A warm wave of pleasure rocks his groin, and he comes hard. Sherlock shifts closer to him and strokes him through it, then runs his hand slowly back up to rest on John’s collar bone. They lie in silence for a while, both breathing heavily.
His fingers brushed mine as he handed me the trinket; while I pretended to examine it, he leaned in closer, his hand resting lightly upon my arm. “It complements that beautiful dress of yours,” he murmured, his lips against my ear.
“I hardly know.” He rose to his feet, and walked restlessly towards the window. “At this hour yesterday, you were planning to leave me for Mary Morstan. You had known
would doubtless assert that the heart follows a logic of its own.”
… so I thought…”
“… and three separate continents, if I recall.” He gave a tight smile. “However, it is a rather different matter to instruct another person – specifically a
He stared down at me, pupils blown wide, for a full two seconds before he understood my question, then he pulled me once more to my feet, running restless hands over my sides, as though he were physically unable to stop touching me.
We made a show of perusing the menu, and Holmes went so far as to order
“Groomsmen?”
So on Friday night I dressed up and made my way out to the club. I’m not allowed to tell you exactly where, but it’s in the West End, and invitation only. I’m not sure whether they’d beefed up the security or whether it’s always like that - the body search at the door was pretty invasive! But I could see the moment I walked in why a blackmailer would choose to infiltrate the place. You wouldn’t believe the kind of people I saw there! And what they were getting up to! I bought a drink and sat at the bar, trying not to stare. I sat there for about half an hour, feeling more and more like a tit. And then I saw them.
talked about sex before. Why does the conversation have to go like this?! “It’s not logical. It’s not something you do to prove or disprove a hypothesis. Not at my age, anyway.”
So that’s it, then. One of the longest blog entries I’ve ever written (Ella will be proud). I’m not sure if I’ll actually post it, though. It’ll need a better title. “The Besotted Blogger” was Sherlock’s suggestion (the prick!) after he read that last part. But he was smiling as he said it. Radiantly. :-)
The words hang heavily in the air between them.
“My dear fellow…” I began awkwardly, but he kissed the words from my mouth.
“Shit!” John exclaims before he can help himself. “Sorry! Did I hurt you?”
“Come,” he said, “I shall endeavour to earn your confidence. Your brief visit yesterday provided me with information that piqued my interest in your case. Firstly, it was evident that the wealth of your family exceeds that of your husband’s. Your maiden name matches the letter ‘H.’ engraved in the heirlooms you are wearing; it is also a name that I have frequently encountered in the society section of the London newspapers. As regards your husband, I have a professional knowledge of his law firm, and am aware that it was on the verge of bankruptcy five years ago, before it was saved by an injection of funds, corresponding to the date of your marriage.
“It is not she to whom I am referring.”
wished for proof of the contrary.”
John scowls and leans back against the sink. He’s trapped. There’s no way to evade Sherlock’s scrutiny until he’s finished treating his hand. And telling Sherlock that this is none of his business will be about as effective as shoring up a sandcastle against the incoming tide. He tries it anyway: “Look, I’d rather not talk about this, okay?”
Yet, even the potent mix of post-coital and post-case euphoria could not protect us indefinitely against the cold. At length we began the long trudge home, and a silence fell between us that was not precisely uncomfortable, but unsatisfying nonetheless. There were matters that we had failed to discuss. The conclusion of the case could just as easily signify the end of a chapter as a new beginning. I could find no easy way to broach the subject; it is extraordinary how men can leap fearlessly into mortal danger, yet cower at the prospect of a heart-to-heart.
“Have you ever thought of conducting more tests to clarify your position on that spectrum?”
I did not trust my voice to make an immediate reply. Instead, I closed the curtains and moved towards my armchair. Holmes followed, and we seated ourselves at opposite sides of the fireplace. We had sat together in this way countless times before. The familiarity of the scene went some small way towards steadying my nerves.
“I have seen these symptoms before,” came the languid reply. “Oscillation upon the pavement always means that romantic sentiment is in play. She would like advice, but is not sure if the matter is too sensitive for communication. We shall likely be treated to a tale in the same style, replete with false beginnings, blushing disavowals and delicate euphemisms. But as she has now summoned the courage to announce her presence, I suppose we must receive her.”
“That’s what I was going to say!” Sherlock sounds almost indignant, although his smile tells a different story. “You know I can’t say it back to you now. Rhetorically it would have no impact whatsoever.”
“Ah, Watson,” Holmes sighed. “In so many matters you are my moral compass, but in this I must risk offending your sensibilities. It is a subject which I
to me, than you!”
“The information in this folder,” Holmes explained, “was obtained at your husband’s request by a private detective, a Mr. Turpin, whom he met yesterday evening. You need not fear its contents: Turpin is more formidable for his persistence than for his perspicacity. However, this is merely the latest in a series of reports on your visits to Curzon Street, some of which date from before your marriage. Taken together, they paint a fairly conclusive picture.”
Holmes put down his glass and regarded me pensively. “Now we come to the point, Watson. Neither of them is happy, and only one mistaken.”
“It’s completely different,” I choked, fighting back the longing that this simple touch engendered. Holmes was no enticing stranger, but rather the most important person in my life. He was romantically inexperienced, he despised sentiment, and our ‘flirtation’ was a mere charade! Yet, despite all this, I could no longer deny that I desired precisely those intimacies with him that I had sought with my previous lovers. “I mean to say, it is not different at all.”
We spent several minutes rehearsing variations upon his opening gambit, then identified some topics of conversation appropriate for a plumber and a housemaid upon their first meeting. Holmes consented, with only token reluctance, to run some dialogue, and now it was my turn to be self-conscious: I have never claimed to be able to act, and had no wish to make a fool of myself by attempting to imitate the tone or manners of a girl. The best I could do was to infuse more animation than usual into my voice, and remind myself of the very good cause that this was all in aid of.
“No, she was not attracted to me,” Holmes answered, with a faint smile. “Or to you either, Watson: do not flatter yourself.”
Sherlock’s smirk morphs into a real smile. “You only…?” he prompts.
“Settled? Just like that?” He sounded amused, but his voice cracked over the words.
Sherlock blinks several times. “Would you marry me?” he asks, suddenly.
Anyway, this friend told me that, to better blend in with the crowd, Sherlock would be working undercover with someone else, pretending to be a couple. A gay couple. I was a bit surprised to hear this because I assumed (yes, Harry, I can hear your squeals of glee) that he’d be working with me. I mean, who else was he going to go with? I was even a bit pissed off with him, because I thought he’d planned the whole gay couple thing without bothering to ask me.
Sherlock frowns. “Given your response, I’d say it’s hypothetical.”
“It is Henshaw.”
His smile turned wry. “Whom indeed? I fear that I may shock you. We never talk of such matters. But you must, surely, be aware of the phenomenon of homosexual attraction?”
“For a moment I couldn’t think.” Sherlock says, wincing. “I lost control of my mind and my body. Sorry. It won’t happen again.”
“I know you don’t,” Sherlock smirks. And then he drops his bombshell: “You even tried it yourself, once.”
He was standing by the window, head bent and brow furrowed as he assembled some scientific apparatus of his own devising. I had watched him thus countless times before, admiring his ingenuity and the focused enthusiasm with which he worked. Now, however, I noticed also what a striking figure he cut. My eyes lingered on his high cheekbones and slender waist, and followed the deft movements of his fingers over the glassware. My mouth was dry, my own fingers twitched, and the newspaper lay forgotten in my lap.
All mistakes are my own, and if you find any I’ll be happy to fix them.
At first I scarcely dared to breathe, lest he should recollect where he was and move away. Desire, hope and doubt had assailed me in such rapid succession that I felt raw, and half inclined to resent the man for being so damnably enigmatic! Yet, far though it was from the kind of intimacy I had briefly envisaged, the domesticity of our arrangement touched a deeper chord. It reminded me of evenings I had spent with Mary, who used to lie with me just so upon our sofa. Holmes had once walked in and surprised us thus; I wondered, now, whether he had chosen his position with the circumstance in mind. Hesitantly, I slipped my fingers back into his hair; immediately, his eyes flickered upwards to meet mine, and he smiled. I returned the smile, my heart lightening.
“Lock the door,” he murmured at last, and I released him reluctantly to do so. When I returned, he was leaning against the mantelpiece, his eyes fever-bright and his hair in disarray from the passage of his fingers.
Holmes waved a hand dismissively. “It is not
“Are you implying that I’m free with my affections?”
Heart pounding, I shifted my hand upwards, relishing the silken slide of his hair between my fingers. “I suppose you find that difficult to comprehend.”
“Their intimacy will always be overshadowed by threats,” I conceded. “But your intervention has given them some agency and a great deal of hope. For
(See the end of the chapter for
Seeing my bewilderment, he laughed again, leaning forward confidingly until his face was inches from mine. His eyes were agleam with unholy anticipation. “I mean to burgle Milverton’s house tonight.”
! You can now see the extent to which my judgement is impaired.”
I considered it, and realisation came fast: “I am
“You mean that on the basis of one unsuccessful homosexual encounter you concluded that any attraction you might feel towards another man must be illusory.” Sherlock says.
“That is not true!” I exclaimed, deeply stung. “Can you really believe that I would hold you so cheaply, or risk our friendship upon a whim?”
“So, you plan to share your first kiss with a woman you care nothing about, under the watchful eye of a hated rival, with the aim of inciting jealousy and extracting information to facilitate a burglary?”
(Although he also thinks that about the reproductive cycle of blowflies, so I shouldn’t get too carried away about that one…).
“Can this truly surprise you, after all the cases that we have worked together?” Holmes asked me, with affectionate exasperation. “A blackmailer, especially one so obviously fond of high living, is extremely unlikely to confine himself to one victim. Fortunately, Mr. Jennings has only recently branched out: we would otherwise have had great difficulty in transporting the requisite evidence last night.”
Sherlock leans forward. Outwardly he’s every inch the supportive friend, but there’s an undercurrent of excitement in his voice that does not bode well for John’s sanity. “If you find your test subject attractive, and if he’s informed and willing, why not?
The tension was seeping from his posture, and with it, my own restraint began to crumble. Now that I was permitted - now that I had begun – it was hard to resist this one opportunity to touch him. I cupped his face in one hand, running my thumb over his cheekbone before tracing the familiar line of his jaw, his stubble prickling my palm. My other arm was around his shoulders, easing him closer. He came readily, sinking down against the cushions so that his face was on a level with mine. His lips were parted, and I brushed them with my fingertips, my nerves alight with this proximity to his breath, his tongue. He reached up and caught my hand; involuntarily I closed my eyes.
“It is certainly conducive to romance,” I agreed. “Jennings keeps his mistress in some style, it appears.”
I shook my head. “I would much prefer to be sincere with you.”
“Splendid weather,” he murmured.
“Very well,” he said, rising to his feet in indication that this strange interrogation had concluded. “I shall be happy to look into this affair. Call here at the same hour tomorrow, if you please, for a report of our progress."
That touch makes everything real. Or rather, it turns John’s reality inside out. It’s like leaping off a cliff: for several long seconds his heart is lodged in his throat and his insides are in free fall. After so many years of admiring Sherlock, needing him, longing for him, loving him as a friend, he’s going to… well,
part of the experience.”
from the table. He divided the pages between us in the usual way: sports and politics for me, the front page and agony columns for himself. Then he settled back down upon the sofa to read it, with his feet against the armrest, and his head resting in my lap.
“Watching you work is surprisingly not boring.”
I bit my lip, and clasped my hands tightly behind my back, as a thrill of anticipation coiled in my chest. I waited.
inspire me to exercise them.”
Holmes and I waited, with all the patience of bloodhounds straining at the leash, until he was a good distance ahead of us, then commenced our pursuit of him through the chilly streets of Mayfair, sometimes ducking into doorways to avoid his sight, sometimes strolling casually among our fellow pedestrians, to all appearances just two among a thousand fine gentlemen on their way to the theatre or opera house. At last, our quarry approached a certain highly priced dining establishment in Great Portland Street, consulted a gold-plated pocket watch, and walked inside.
I pulled him closer. “Never again, nor with anyone else. My perspective may have altered, but my feelings for you are not the impulse of a moment. It is clear to me now that I have wanted this all along.”
Later that day John had dressed but skipped socks and sat in his chair with his feet tucked up. He was hammering at his laptop again - writing something, then deleting it, then writing something, and so on. Eventually, John made a ‘sod this’ face (Sherlock had seen – and caused - that one enough to know it well) and clicked with finality. He got up to fill the kettle, then ambled into the loo.
“Not to worry, John,” Sherlock murmured close to his ear. He shivered with the unexpected tickle of it. “I am not using anymore, and this does not tempt me in the least.”
~~oOo~~
Standing there in the circle of Sherlock’s clutch, John was able to think about what had just happened and, with a mental bow to Duck, to capture the first, tentative strands of how he felt about it.
Sherlock chuckled richly. “Indeed. Goodnight, John. Sleep well.”
He had a hard time expressing this to his family and friends back home. He got emails from them all; from Harry, from Brigid and Tim, from Clara, from Stephen, from some of the blokes he trained with at Bart’s, and from Marjorie. He did his best to let them know he was fine, he was safe, he was doing what he loved. It was easy to complain about the food and the heat or the cold, or the bloody sand in everything. It was easy to write about the boredom between missions, and how he saved a hand or a knee or an eye with his skills. It was not easy to write about how fiercely his heart pounded, his legs and arms working tirelessly with seemingly no effort; how empty he felt when the mission was finished and the waiting for the next one began. How he could hardly remember what his life was before this experience.
“Do you want to talk about it?” Sherlock asked after a moment.
The waiter took that moment to deliver their order, and the conversation quieted while they tucked in. All four expressed appreciation for the delicious food and even Sherlock cleaned his plate of pasta with grilled lemon chicken and new peas. John groaned with happiness over his primavera, and then perused the dessert menu with interest. Sherlock observed him indulgently; John had dropped almost half a stone over the troubles of the last year, and he felt a warm throb behind his scar at his friend’s relaxed enjoyment of the meal. (“Is that what boyfriends do? Feed you up?” said a quiet voice from somewhere in his mind palace.)
Sherlock was deep in thought as he walked, brow furrowed and fingers steepled together against his lips. They tapped impatiently in time with his steps.
A look of sheepish uncertainty crossed Sherlock’s face. “Actually, speaking of visitors, I was expecting to have a harder time convincing you that this course would be for the best. Your constancy is usually a strength but in this case stubbornness will not serve; so I brought the ‘big guns.’”
“Just show up. You’ll get the hang of it soon enough. It’s the ‘gentle’ class, good for beginners and those who need to take it easy. I’ll warn you though - there’s a pair of octogenarians in the class who will whip your arse for you!” She laughed merrily. “They’ve been coming for years, but the slower pace works for them.”
- between his own then releasing so he could return again. He felt no urgency to escalate the kisses, amazed to have the experience at all, reveling in the texture of Sherlock’s pout, the heat of the hand against his jaw, the pull in his own muscles as he stretched up to meet Sherlock’s mouth.
At that moment, the door opened, and Sherlock half-stepped in; pausing to speak to someone out in the hallway. He crossed the floor to stand in front of John, observing him minutely to ascertain his state. John looked up at him in turn, examining the familiar features as he had done so often in the past. Sherlock looked like he had not had a much better night than John, dark circles showing under his eyes and drawn lines on his face.
Sturdy fingers took him by the chin and tipped his head down to John, in the doorway of the bathroom. “We will get it mended, or we’ll get another. It’ll be worth it for the look on your face when you see me in it.” Sherlock wrinkled his brow; what look? There’s no look… Is there a look? He regarded John, puzzled.
“You tell me,” Duck said. “Are you?”
His heart tugged at him remorsefully, and he slid off the bed to stand beside his friend at the window. “No, Sherlock,” he said gently. “Nothing like that. I promised I’d never let it get that bad again, and I won’t, I swear it.”
To the folks who have been reading along, and who have gently, kindly let me know you're still out there, I can't thank you enough. I very much appreciate how understanding readers are of RL pressures and how they can derail the best intentions of writers. I think about this story every day, and am writing whenever I get a chance; and by all the gods, I promise I will finish this story! <3, Plants
“And the you, that you are, is charming, handsome, smart... pretty wonderful, actually. Have you,” she took a deep breath and then said, somewhat rushed, “have you ever thought about the two of us? Together?” Marjorie looked at him from under her lashes, color high on her cheeks. “In all the years we’ve known each other, have you?” She leaned toward him, lips parted.
His laptop sat on the desk at the side of the room; kept in his bedroom away from little hands. It booted up almost silently, the whirring of the cooling fan the only noise in the deep-night silence of the flat. One thing left to do: he opened an email and began to type.
“Rosie,” he said firmly, “this is your breakfast, and you need to eat it.” He wiped up the mess, and fished the floaters from his tea with his finger, flicking them into the sink. Rosie’s gaze stayed fixed on his face as he did so; her chubby features seemed to take on a faintly sly cast. He scooped up another spoonful and held it out to her. She clamped her little lips closed, staring at him all the while. John’s brows lowered with his rising frustration.
~~oOo~~
“Erm,” his friend replied, clearing his throat, “I thought I saw a hawk moth on those flowers,” he waved vaguely at a swath of bluish-purple spikes of flowers. “Lavender is attractive to bees, of course, but moths are more rare in this area.” He regarded John from the corner of his eye, then swung round back to the chair where his coat lay. “You said you had a run?”
“I’ve seen worse, and I’m sure you have too, if you’ve been in general practice much since you’ve been back.”
~~~oOo~~~
growl rumbled in his chest, inaudible over the blaring music. His crotch throbbed. He was walking the line of pain, his body so fervently keyed up by his lover’s performance. Only John could ever affect him like this; dear god, how he adored John.
Sherlock didn’t wait. He stepped forward and wrapped John in long arms, underpants and all. John stiffened and made an undignified sound that was stifled by Sherlock’s chest, then he pushed roughly away from the lean figure.
He tucked into his sandwich while the low-level buzz of the crowd grew in volume and the lights flashed on and off a few times to indicate the show was about to start. People who had lingered in the foyer hurried to their seats and waiters scurried to bring fresh drinks to the newcomers. The overhead lights dimmed and the stage lights came up on the rising red velvet curtain; a jazzy number with a brassy horn section played over the sound system, white spotlights picking out three sparkling figures in slinky gowns and opera gloves of emerald green, surrounded by a shadowed group of couples swing dancing in front of them as they lip-synced to the vocals of the track. Sherlock’s attention swept over the singers: a brunette, a platinum blonde, and a scarlet redhead, each striking in their own way. Drag queens all; in fact the redhead was none other than Miss Vicky - a particular friend of John’s and another headliner for the cabaret. But the blonde and the brunette were not Lady Grey, nor anyone he knew, and while they were very good, they did not hold his interest for long. After a moment, he felt his attention wander as the trio vamped on the three-part harmony of the opening of the song, and Irene, dressed as a ringmaster with a silk top hat on her head and slashed black satin trousers under her sequined red frock coat, introduced the show with flourishes of the short buggy whip in her hand.
Sherlock had initially broken into a pleased grin, which faded as John went on. “I’m sure we’d all be glad to have you home,” he suggested tentatively.
Perhaps John could feel it, because on his next turn, he obviously spotted Sherlock in the audience. John’s eyes traveled down his figure, then back up again, and as they locked stares, Sherlock saw John’s chest heave as he gasped, and his partner wobbled as John flubbed a step. The fox shook his head minutely, a sort of ‘get it together’ motion, and then clearly avoided looking at Sherlock again for the rest of the dance routine. Sherlock leaned back with a smirk of his own. The Bowie wannabe look was clearly a success; he couldn’t remember a time he had
And so it went. Sherlock guided John through the shop with a hand on his shoulder or his hip, turning him bodily to face the light or hold a particular item against his compact form. He insisted that John remove his blocky jumper almost as soon as they arrived, to better see how a waistcoat would land or a suit jacket would drape, demanding that the shop assistant bring him a dress shirt or a patterned pocket square as the whim struck. John began to look dazed after the fifth rejected possibility, and resigned after the seventh. When Sherlock sucked in a sharp breath at the ninth example of sartorial elegance, John perked up – perhaps hoping that the ordeal would be over. Instead, he was manhandled into a changing room to put on the potential candidate. John insisted that he go in alone, since Sherlock was taking his role as suit consultant very seriously and looked ready to follow John in to help with the buttons.
Instead, John flipped to his stomach, put his face in the pillow and yelled with all his might. The pillow might be thin, but it muffled his outburst well enough. Afterward, he rolled back over and laid in the bed, panting, the back of his head and neck warm with the heat of his shouted breaths. His measured breathing calmed him slowly, and eventually his simmering resentment and anger bled away, back into restless sleep.
“Poor fellow, I should think.” Sherlock said blandly. “What else?”
“Can’t argue that.”
“You’ll um... you’ll come back later?” John asked.
Dr Harrington cleared her throat quietly. “John, you were admitted to A&E with a deliberate overdose, after leaving a suicide note. It’s inadvisable for you to return home without further assessment and treatment. You and your family can arrange for a private rehabilitation stay at a qualified mental health facility, or we can arrange an inpatient stay through the NHS, but I think it will be some time before you go home.”
“Not too long. I texted that we’d be coming, but I assume you didn’t get it. You’ve been for a walk in the garden before coming here.” Sherlock asserted. “Your hair has a bit of a leaf in it, and it smells like the lilies that are blooming around the doorway nearest to this room.”
Sleep became a double-edged sword over the next few weeks. Some nights John actively avoided going to sleep, dreading the terrible dreams filled with bloody bodies wearing dear faces, solemnly telling him that everything was fine.
After the ridiculous introductions of the entire wedding party, hyped mercilessly by the DJ in the corner and amplified over a martial piece of music full of brass that did not seem to fit a wedding atmosphere at all, (“Sherlock, it’s the Imperial March! From Star Wars? Darth Vader? Or did you delete that again?”) Aunt Brigid and Uncle Tim joined them, breathless and cheerful after the afternoon’s events. Marjorie frowned at them from the head table where she was sat between a bulimic twenty-something bridesmaid and the impassive usher who had escorted her in the wedding service. Neither of her dinner partners spoke to her.
“John,” he whimpered, “please!”
~~oOo~~
“Well, you can’t be up there!”
Up ahead, he saw a pair of his teammates, talking to a slight figure in dark clothes and holding a satchel up out of reach. Something in the picture made him frown, and he hastened toward them.
“Yes!” Sherlock said, unexpectedly loud in the empty room. “A case! Here! On my phone.” He rummaged in a capacious pocket and pulled out his mobile again. “Look at this!” He strode across the room to hold the screen up to John’s face, much too close so that all he could see was a blur of brown and pink and red.
It was as if a dam had burst in his mind, flooding him with visual snapshots of his friend and moving on to fill in all the little spaces left over with smells
Sherlock leaned back in his chair and observed his best friend. What was that hesitation? Why would he not want to hear from this… whatever-relative-woman? John’s reluctance had been clear, even though he had intended to send his condolences for her husband.
John offered her a grateful smile. “I did have a question, but first I wanted to say thanks for helping Sherlock earlier. I’m sure it wasn’t part of your plan for the evening.”
It took John a moment to get his breath back, and it was lucky he didn’t take any longer as the knife descended toward Sherlock’s body sprawled next to him, wielded by the demented Spike in a wide, jerky swipe that would have gashed Sherlock’s throat had it connected. John knocked it aside, then gathered himself and tackled the murderous henchman to the ground, pounding the wrist holding the knife against the concrete floor until the hand released and the weapon skittered away against the wall somewhere.
John felt himself turned on his side, and then fingers were invading his mouth, sliding their way much too far toward the back of his throat. The sensation of them was intensely unpleasant until it was unbearable, and his stomach heaved while his teeth clamped down on the intruding fingers. They did not disappear, though; they continued to tickle until he heaved again, bringing up a flood of bitter-tasting liquid, thin with water and peppered with white, melting tablets.
John shook his head. “No, of course you should go, I’ll be fine - might try out a few more of the amenities before I leave, or something. Just have Lestrade fit you for a helmet, though - don’t want any slingshot stones caving in your head.” He raised a hand to cover the frontal bone where the victim had been struck, and in doing so, stroked his fingers briefly through the dark brown curls. Sherlock tossed his head like a spooked horse, sucking in a startled breath then blinking at John, who stood a moment with his hand still raised, then dropped it and again studied his shuffling feet. “Sorry. But do be careful - you need your skull intact, right?”
Duck regarded him for a moment, hearing the worry lurking behind the stony expression, then smiled serenely. “Yes. He’s going to be right as rain, just needs some time, and all the care he can get.”
John settled the blankets higher against the back of his neck and rolled his head to make a comfortable indentation in his pillow, then shut his eyes firmly.
"Yeah, so I gathered." John waved at the knives as he settled in his chair with the newspaper.
John sighed. “Often enough,” he acknowledged, “I have nightmares, probably more often than is typical. If I’m upset, it’s a struggle to fall asleep.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John lost it then, hunching over to put hands on knees with the force of his spate of high-pitched giggles. Sherlock was just rolling along now because he knew it would egg John on, grinning widely. “Maybe he’s got a weaselly little friend named Joey Fingers, or Georgie the Wasp, who kept Bag of Hammers from getting whacked straight out of the gate because he’s the brains of the operation.”
John spluttered and gaped at the man. “What? No! God, No! It was a picture of…” he could feel his cheeks heating and shut his eyes in chagrin, “of just, er, a man. Nothing indecent, or even really provocative, but it -” he bounced back up to resume his pacing. “It… got me… things… er, interested, you know.” He flailed his arms erratically, possibly indicating his groin just by accident, and widened his eyes. “And that was a pretty big thing, yeah? I mean, I’ve never, not once, thought about a man like that, and…”
John snickered at Sherlock’s terrible imitation; it was more Schwarzenegger than Brando. While his friend was a consummate actor in many situations, accents were his weak point and John took considerable satisfaction in knowing there was something his friend did not excel at effortlessly. As painful as Sherlock’s botched reveal had been after he had returned from the dead, looking back John occasionally found that terrible French accent and little pencil-line moustache popping into his mind like a Monty Python sketch he didn’t entirely remember. Even now, the image made him chuckle again.
When he glanced up, Sherlock had considerately turned to look out the window, finding something in the garden to stare at. John noticed his cheeks were a bit pink, probably from all the snickering, the prat. John briskly toed off his trainers and dressed in fresh pajamas, unconcernedly dropping trou to slip into the bottoms and picking up the jogging pants to put in the laundry bin.
John was surprisingly good at keeping his laptop out of reach, Sherlock decided after two more weeks of watching John have an increasingly love-hate relationship with the object. Surely he should have been able to get a half hour alone with it by now? John was being positively devious about limiting Sherlock’s access to the bloody thing. He took it up to his room every night and to work every day he spent at the surgery. He didn’t leave it unattended when he went to take a shower; instead it was left on the toilet cistern, covered with a flannel to keep it from being splashed. He left it down with Mrs. Hudson more than once, even! And when Sherlock, finally driven to try to sneak a look while John was sleeping, slipped cat-footed into his friend’s room to swipe the infuriating machine, he saw the corner poking out from under John’s pillow. Ridiculous! What could be happening on there that John was so keen to keep from him?
Both thugs chuckled thickly. “Good luck to you, then,” the talkative one said. “Come on.”
John thought, wishing he too could have a decent stretch. His legs still felt weak, and exhaustion kept him supine, though the bed had been raised so he could sit up.
Light flashed on round lenses as the man at the desk stopped counting and looked Sherlock and John over, then resumed his task. “They don’t have an appointment,” he said in a light tenor utterly devoid of emotion. “They can go.” Spike shifted his weight and wiggled his fingers, limbering them up. John braced himself to have to fight their way out.
“Not at all.” Sherlock reassured her. He wanted to keep her talking; the clicks of deductions were ticking away in the back of his head the more she spoke. “So, when did he fall ill? Richard, I mean.”
“Yes, he just declined and died, over about six or eight weeks. I don’t know that I ever heard they had a real diagnosis, actually. I remember the last time I saw him healthy; we had Stephen and Suzanne over to celebrate their engagement, and Marjorie and Richard came too, the whole family. We would have invited John, but it was just after… well, you know. All that business with Mary and the baby. We had to break the news at the dinner table, as I recall. So sad.” She sipped at her cocktail and sighed. “I might be a bit potted, I’m afraid. Just shush me if I’m nattering on too long.”
Duck pursed his lips before answering, nodding his head slowly. “About fifteen months.”
“And there’s Sherlock, he’s my best friend. He needs me, y’know? He cares about me, and that’s... so unusual for him, so out of his comfort zone... I’m possibly the only person in the world who can say it. Well, now Rosie, my daughter. He loves her, too. But he’s this amazing, brilliant man, can read your life story in the stains on your shoes and the way you comb your hair, but he’s a recovering addict, and he calls himself a sociopath and he has so much trouble making emotional attachments with anyone. Doesn’t understand how regular people work most of the time, and couldn’t be the slightest bit arsed to find out in case it might be important.” John huffed in exasperated wonder. “He’s picked me, out of all the people in London, in the world, to be the one he lets into his life, be his friend.” John clasped his hands tightly together again, feeling the one against the other and comparing it to the wide paw that grasped his hand in the garden yesterday. His throat felt tight, his words having to push past feelings that were rising up. “I almost let him down; took that one person away from him, right? When I took those pills.”
John turned and led the way back to the scaffolding. Once there, they each unclipped the other and hung their carabiners and harnesses on the appropriate pegs. Sherlock donned his coat with his usual dramatic swirl and settled it over his back with obvious relief, popping the collar and hunching his shoulders to cover his ears against the chill.
Nurse Savage stepped forward. “Dr Watson, I apologize. Your friend here,” and she indicated a flustered-looking Sherlock, with an irritated wave of her hand, “came to the nurses' station yelling about how you had disappeared, and we came to investigate. That’s when, er,” John could see her struggling to remain diplomatic in her description, “the shouting started. You arrived about five minutes later. Since you seem to be fine?” she scanned John up and down and raised an eyebrow in enquiry. John nodded, indicating he was, indeed, fine.
“John?” At the sound of this name, John shook himself out of the increasingly panicked reverie he had fallen into. Sherlock had stepped close, and was regarding him in the mirrored window; their gazes met in the glass. A stray curl had fallen across his friend’s high forehead. John pictured himself stretching out a hand to brush it back into place and, with a shiver, took a step away from temptation.
"Relaxation techniques. For when you, you know..." He indicated the restless hands and feet.
For his part, John appeared mesmerized, a deer caught in the headlights of that weighty stare. Until suddenly he looked down and to one side and actually squirmed a bit in his seat while his ears reddened. He put the laptop aside, blew out a breath and made to stand up. “Tea?” he asked.
John rubbed his eyes as he hung socked feet over the side of his bed, his slippers positioned so he could step into them easily. He glanced at the clock on the wall and saw he had an hour before he had to meet Duck for their run. He dressed in his jogging bottoms and pulled a crisp grey TShirt from the duffel, then stood there, shirtless, mouth agape at what he held. “I Don’t Shave for Sherlock Holmes,” printed in bold, black letters, covered the front of the shirt. Mary had had it custom-made for him because she thought it was hilarious; he had never worn it. With an embarrassed groan, he threw the shirt over his head (who knew how many shirts Sherlock had packed? He couldn’t afford to be picky) and zipped a drab hoodie up over the whole thing.
Sherlock couldn’t hide how much he enjoyed the praise. His eyes sparkled and color graced his high cheekbones. He lounged back in the shabby guest chair, moving from topic to topic while his smile came and went and the crows’ feet by his eyes crinkled deeply with contentment.
“Stand! Down! Now!” John shouted, re-aiming his pistol at the man’s thigh; a wound that would stop but not kill him.
John tensed against the pillows, a muscle in his cheek bunching as he clenched his jaw against the groan of negation that wanted to blurt out. His instinctive pulling back was stymied by the suddenly tight grip Sherlock held on his hand, and his friend’s face was arranged in a pleading shape that John had only ever seen him sham before. Somehow this expression was different; John knew it reflected real feeling on Sherlock’s part.
“Yeah, or mine...” John grumbled under his breath. Sherlock glowered at him for a moment, then turned back to Dr Harrington, who had observed them impassively. She was fully aware that she could not force John, since he was voluntarily agreeing to continued treatment. If he were being sectioned, then she would call the shots. But in this case, he’d do better to come to a treatment plan that he had a part in devising.
Their gazes locked for a long moment, one of those looks that they so often shared and that John felt was a sort of nonverbal communication between them. He did understand, all too well. Sherlock had made a promise to keep him safe, and he had demonstrated over and over that he would go to any length, take any risk, court any danger to the point of his own ruin, to achieve that vow. John was humbled by such dedication from a man he had once called a machine, but he also knew what the inevitable outcome of such a fixation would be: Sherlock underestimating the danger once too often, and ending up dead.
Sherlock shut down that voice instantly; focus on the task at hand!)
Sherlock’s face fell, and he deflated with a sigh. “Well, then.” He turned to look at the window again. “Are you… alright? Should I be concerned?” His deep baritone voice emerged unexpectedly small and tentative.
John’s brow furrowed and he frowned, jerkily taking a deep drink of his water. He’d had many lovers in his time, enough that he’d had a reputation in the army as a bit of a Casanova. He absolutely loved the female body, with its soft curves and fragrant, secret places yielding slick pleasure upon pleasure. Just thinking of past lovers made his prick give a twitch. He wouldn’t say he had a type; tall or short, slim or curvy, blonde or brunette or ginger, skin like cream or café au lait or ebony, all had caught his eye at one time or another. His lovers had not complained of him; they’d been complimentary about his skills even though attempts at lasting relationships had failed. The realm of the carnal had been one place where he felt he knew himself well, and was rightfully proud of his prowess.
the smirk said. He tightened his arm, drawing John closer into his side.
Settling back down against the length of John’s body, Sherlock bent in to mouth up and down the strong column of John’s throat: scraping his teeth across the Adam’s apple, tonguing the tendons that strained to present themselves, resting sensitive lips against the pulse point to feel the rapid thumping. John’s hand came up again to rest against the back of his head, guiding him up to meet for a searing kiss, all sloppy tongue and eager lips. Sherlock slipped into a fugue of sensation; the heat of the kiss, John’s strong chest against his own, a hand holding his head steady, another stroking down his spine, raising goosebumps in its wake. In his trousers, his cock throbbed, constrained and uncomfortable.
“And you’re worried what people will think, hmm?” Duck countered. “That behind your back, or right to your face, they’ll say you’re weak, less of a man, can’t cope?” His bright eyes in his lined face bored into John’s own with unforgiving intensity. “That you cracked and took the easy way out? That you’re a loser, a whiner, a pussy? That you don’t love them enough?” He leaned forward aggressively, and his ragged voice made these accusations  -
“You looked like you could use it,” Sherlock said soberly. “And it seemed to help, earlier. Alright?” The tall body clasping him held a taut rigidity, ready to spring away at the tiniest hint of rejection.
Sherlock smiled. “I suspect you know more about that than I do. However, my point is that this person is not physically large, and has chosen an unconventional weapon as their
John instinctively flipped the bird with both hands, and Duck’s ravaged laughter dispelled the last of John’s awkwardness. He perked up to discuss his release from the facility with renewed, though still reluctant, interest.
Sherlock rolled his eyes as he headed for the door. “I’ll allow it.”
“Had you ever considered anything with him? It’s not unheard of in situations like that. Were you intrigued, or disgusted, or anything?” Duck persisted. “We’ve not talked about anything along these lines before, so I’m just trying to get a feel for where you fall on that spectrum, y’see.” He leaned back in his chair, entirely relaxed and apparently only academically interested.
“Guess dis makes me a killer, huh, Mister D? Killed Amanda, killed you. Few more won’t hurt, den, I guess.” Spike took a shambling step toward John, the knife in his hand coming up to a fighting position.
he noted absently.
He dropped his head into his hands, listening to Rosie’s cries, but leadenly unable to move to address them.
“Um, hello,” John said with a breathy laugh, peering down at him. “All right, there?”
“Prat!” John called to his retreating back as he passed out of sight.
Abruptly, John couldn’t stay still, stuck in that room that felt too small to contain this new understanding. He rolled off the bed, swapping his pajama bottoms for track pants from the drawer and jamming his feet into his trainers as if the building were on fire. He was out the door in moments, headed for the path that he had run so easily that morning, desperate to put distance between himself and the realization that he had desired his best friend in a way he never let himself desire any man, possibly since the first night they met.
He glanced up to catch Sherlock absolutely beaming at him. The man looked so satisfied John wondered if he had won a bet or something; it made John a little wary. “What,” he snapped peevishly. Sherlock grinned wider, that ridiculous smile that stretched his face when he was particularly pleased.
Sherlock snorted his disdain, and began climbing down to the ground. Lestrade met them, nodding with eager interest to hear about what they’d seen. Sherlock informed him there was not likely to be much else to discover since the place they had found was so bare to begin with. Still, Lestrade knew his duty, and radioed for a team to come document the structure and scratches.
John felt a prickle on the back of his neck that drew his focus away from the pleasurable sounds and sensations of his dream lover.
Duck regarded him calmly from under his bushy brows. “But there is, isn’t there?” His face mirrored only open curiosity and interested acceptance.
“She has been murdered. Her boyfriend thinks you had something to do with it. Did you?” Sherlock went straight to the point, hoping to catch an unguarded expression on Davies’ face.
~~oOo~~
“What, just now, in an email? Seems rather cold, don’t you think?” Sherlock lashed out, hand flashing to press hard on the scar on his chest.
in the scanty clothes and
When Sherlock had finished the cup, he pulled his own laptop to him and idly looked at his email, then surfed around to the London news sites to see if there was anything promising on the horizon. When nothing presented itself, he moved on to the gossip sites where he could troll the illiterate mouth-breathers who congregated there to squeal over the latest manufactured popstar crisis. He had really begun to work up some steam castigating some fans (calling themselves ‘cookies’ for God’s sake) cooing over a gawky, intellectual actor with a truly ridiculous name who had, it seemed, successfully procreated and then gotten a trinket from the Queen. Wasn’t there something useful these people could be doing? Be creatively murdered, for instance? He huffed loudly, and prepared to flay them with words when he noticed the quiet. The tiny mallets had gone still. He looked up.
“So I’m looking at my email.” Sherlock’s delivery of this pronouncement implied anyone who did not see the point of this statement was the most egregious of idiots.
“John,” this time the word reverberated in the confines of the room, full of relief and wonder and such happiness that John marveled his drab name could hold so much. He raised his head to meet Sherlock’s shining gaze, his cheeks pink with emotion and his full lips curved into the softest smile John had seen on his friend, ever. “Yes,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock cleared his throat and headed back to his pacing path at the end of the room. He launched into his description without meeting John’s eyes. “Victim with blunt trauma to the front of the head, died without regaining consciousness,” he recited. “Wound looks like the rounded end of a ball-peen hammer, but no weapon found nearby, and CCTV footage from multiple cameras on the scene show the victim merely pitching backward onto the ground and no one coming near until the body was discovered.”
"Well, I try not to think about it. When I got back, it was all I could think about. I couldn't turn my mind off it, like endless repeat behind my eyelids. My therapist had me try all sorts of techniques to shut it off - exercise, baths, hypnotism, meditation, eh, you know about the blogging... Huh." John frowned in thought.
As he settled at a table near the stage, being sure to sit so that he could be seen from the wings as well as from the footlights, Sherlock looked at the envelope that his ticket had come in. His name was written in John’s pointy scrawl, with a dark maroon lipstick kiss next to it - courtesy of Lady Grey, no doubt. At times it seemed to Sherlock that he had two lovers at once; when John put on the mantle of his glittering drag queen persona, he was almost a different person from his more reserved usual self. Lady Grey filled up a room as soon as she walked in, captivating all eyes effortlessly and charming everyone she interacted with. On stage, the Lady dominated any skit in which she participated with her charisma and presence. She was exquisite, and Sherlock was thoroughly wrapped around her finger from the moment he first saw her, or rather
“John,” he whispered again, and one of his huge, delicate hands came up, turning John’s face back toward him.
John went through the motions, occasionally chuckling, but mostly observing as if there was a padding of cotton wool around his thoughts. It seemed as though there were two of him: the one gently holding a wiggling child and getting her into a clean nappy and pink sleeping onesie, making faces to elicit smiles and tickling itty bitty feet; and the background observer, a step removed, muttering its own unending monologue of judgment and expectations.
“Yes, really. Honestly, it’s tedious to repeat myself.” Sherlock huffed, rolling his eyes. “No matter, John. It will be a challenge to see if I can maintain the character for so long, and it’s only for a few days, after all.”
“Pleased to meet you,” she said, clearly not at all pleased. “You’re John’s flatmate, the detective, right? The one who was accused of all those crimes a while back and then was dead?”
Sherlock did as instructed without comment, perhaps impressed into compliance by John’s businesslike description of the perils of falling. Once John was satisfied, Sherlock indicated the path ahead with a raised eyebrow as if to say ‘now may I get on with it?’
John’s face broke out into a smile. “Alright. But only for half an hour, if you please. Then I’d like to suggest we go back to our room for the afternoon.” The smile took on a devilish quality.
The thought brought such a feeling of relief that he played it in his mind more and more often - when he was waiting in the queue to pay for groceries; feeding Rosie her sweet potatoes and bananas, laying in bed trying to close his eyes. It didn’t matter: the prospect of an end to the dullness, the pretending to be alright, the letting everyone believe he was a good person when he knew he was so far from it -
John leaned back into the sofa cushions, riding a cloud of happy endorphins. “Not a problem. I have a car, and my flat is not too far from here, I think.”
“No.”
John’s heart stopped with his horrified gasp, visions of Bart’s hospital all too ready to crowd to the fore, as he heard a panicked shout from below that sounded like Lestrade. Heedless of his own safety, John lurched forward and caught Sherlock’s flailing arm by the wrist, pulling him back upright and steadying him with the other hand around the strap on Sherlock’s chest as he rose to standing, grasping John’s wrist tightly in turn. They stared at each other for a breathless moment, arms clasped and eyes wide. John felt his heart resume its frantic thumping in his chest. Sherlock blew out a short breath, then shook himself back to a semblance of his usual cool demeanor, waving a negligent hand down at Lestrade’s bellowed “Jesus Christ, Sherlock, be careful!” - still, John marked the racing pulse beating under his hand and the pallor of his friend’s face.
“What’s that you’re reading?” Sherlock asked.
He pulled in a shaky breath laden with Rosie’s scent, and flashed to a memory of himself as a small boy.
During the time John had been married, the flat had felt empty. It was worse even than when he had been dead (“away!”); at least when he was hiding in some grotty bolt hole, or chained up in a Serbian cell, Sherlock could still imagine coming back home so clearly he could smell the books and feel the steam on his face, rising from his tea. He held to that image like a lifeline – the glow of the fire, the rich colors and patterns of the flat, and he and John in their chairs. Home.
John couldn’t stop staring at the hook as Duck walked. His curiosity got the better of him as they strolled to the doors, and he blurted “Can I ask you some questions? About your leg, I mean?”
Sherlock thought.
Getting out of bed did nothing to assuage John’s guilty feelings. He lay on the sofa and pretended to sleep at Sherlock’s insistence once it was clear no complications would arise from their early-morning accident, his ears focused on the sounds of his friend’s scratchy breathing.
Just the thought had his insides squirming; the voice of his British male upbringing was spluttering and demanding that he stop this unmanly, demonstrative aberration and resume his stiff-upper-lip, all-blokes-together isolation immediately. He didn’t want to. He wanted to cling to his friend and the shelter of this moment for as long as he could. He shut his eyes and told that little voice to fuck right off, thank you very much.
"Yes, I can."
“And then I woke up,” he grumbled, wincing at the rusty, gravelly rasp of his voice. He was thirsty, and he needed the loo. Urgently.
John frowned. “What?”
Sherlock merely smiled and stepped forward to reach behind John for the zipper on the gown. The pseudo-embrace allowed him to breathe John in: perfume and sweat and makeup remover. He heard John inhaling deeply near his neck and releasing on a long sigh. “I missed you,” John whispered.
Toward dawn, the dreams seemed to change and calm; an enormous hand grasped his own as he moved through the dreamscape, and although everyone still looked to him to solve the nameless problem, while his hand was warmly clasped, he was grounded and confident, capable of meeting whatever the mysterious trouble was.
“Drink your tea,” John suggested, once the time stamp was rolling at 2x speed and washed out figures were scurrying back and forth across the screen. “You’re still cold.”
Aunt Brigid and Uncle Tim, who had been watching this exchange avidly, heads turning as at a tennis match, were hailed from across the room; their presence was required and they reluctantly took their leave.
John scowled. While he was no psychiatrist, after seeing the loads of patients at the surgery who had an antidepressant in their daily medications list, he was of the private opinion they were massively over-prescribed. He was uncomfortable with the idea of trying to medicate his happiness, though he knew he was over-simplifying the concept.
“Your suit is rather worse for wear, I’m afraid. You fell down on the pavement and rolled around a bit at one point, and it scuffed the fabric rather badly and tore one of the knees. I’m not positive it can be mended.” Sherlock contemplated the loss of the suit morosely as he swapped places with John, using the loo himself and brushing his teeth perfunctorily. Perhaps John would go shopping for a new one with him? The tie could be cleaned, after all, and John had looked so... The wardrobe in his mind swung open and showed him John in his finery, hand held out, asking Sherlock to dance. Yes, he would insist John get another.
The fellow cracked a boyish smile and swept Grey into his arms; the height difference was almost comical, except that he and Lady Grey sold the body language of unabashed passion as he moved her in a sensuous tango, legs crossing and entwining such that it was unbelievable they didn’t trip over each other. The Lady lip-synced a quip about making love on a mountain under the stars, and the dancer dipped her deeply, entreating her creamy decolletage to come away with him. Lady Grey swooned, but then lifted one foot from the floor, pointing her toe to exclaim,
“Yeah, right here.” Duck stepped over to the table and opened the folder. “You’ve got about eight places to sign, and then you can pack up and clear out. You’ve got an appointment with me for a run and a talk in the morning, here, at our usual 8:30; that gonna be okay?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Goliath, John. Killed with a stone hurled from a sling! The pathways there are rough cobblestone, and some of them always come loose.” Sherlock was texting rapidly now. “I’ll bet you a fiver that the murder weapon was a rounded stone, shot with a slingshot of some sort. It’s probably lying there on the ground where he fell, and forensics just thought it was part of the landscape.” He hit ‘send’ with gusto on the last text, and looked up. “That was very good, John. What on Earth made you think of Goliath?”
Lady Grey drolly addressed the crowd:
Amina excused herself to do some studying in her own room rather than watch telly that night after the baby was asleep, and John sat silently on the sofa for a short while before taking himself off to bed. He longed for the oblivion of sleep, but dreaded what he might find there. In the end it claimed him - filled with gunfire and screaming and a young woman he knew was his daughter all grown up, making excuses.
to be with a man?” Duck persisted.
"Why do you want the clip for my gun?" John said mildly.
All that was behind them now; the truths that couldn’t be changed. John is no longer (was never) married. John does not have a daughter with him at 221B. John has returned to his life with Sherlock, and slowly, slowly, has mostly come back from the places in his mind that those traumatic events took him. Sherlock has found himself wanting to comfort his friend in ways that would likely make John intensely uncomfortable. Physical gestures. Not in… well… that way, of course. John has made it perfectly clear that he is not gay. But just to… put an arm around him when his eyes go deep and far away. Hold him, and feel him allowing Sherlock to take some of the burden for a bit. Drop a hand on a shoulder as he passes, to remind John he’s there. He absently rubs the scar Mary gave him; it still aches at the oddest times.
John laid a towel on the bench near the trough of hot stones and sprinkled a few dippers of water from a bucket on the floor over them. Steam billowed up in a hissing cloud and John felt an itchy, tickling sensation as all the pores in his skin - on his back, his cheeks, his arms, even on his kneecaps, for god’s sake! - opened all at once. He shivered with the pleasure of it and sat down on his towel, arranging another smallish towel over himself to offer modesty in case someone came in.
“Done. I’ll be back in a bit.” And John was down the stairs and out the front door, walking briskly to clear his head.
John panted raggedly, looking into Sherlock’s pale, blood-smeared face and wide eyes. “All right, then?” he asked, “you’re all right?”
“Mmm,” John said vaguely, but did not move.
John turned to take in the room again; it really was rather nice in here, and held nothing of the dark heaviness he associated with that terrible night. The thick, new bedspread was smooth cotton in alternating stripes of paler and deeper blue, and he saw a hint of navy sheets peeking out from a corner. The new rug matched, in a complicated geometric pattern of caramel brown and dark sapphire. The blinds were Venetian-style but with wide, blond wood slats; currently wound open and letting in the early afternoon light, but he could see they would block the light successfully if he needed it. Everything harmonized with the light wood tones of his bureau and nightstand, and the darker wood of his headboard.
“Aren’t you going to offer to help?” a deep voice said at his side. He turned his head to see Sherlock observing him quizzically. “You usually do.”
On John’s desktop, in the area he usually left blog posts or correspondence he was working on but hadn’t published or sent, there was the draft of the ‘Vacuum-Packed Adventure’ (Sherlock shook his head) and an incongruous email icon. John had saved an email? Shrugging, he clicked it.
A fleeting look of guilt crossed his friend’s face almost too quickly to catch before being followed by a dramatic sigh. Sherlock removed his coat, and draped it over a convenient electrical pipe leaving him in suit jacket and shirt. He took the harness from John with a look of reluctant distaste. “How does it go, then?” he asked, holding it up by the steel ring and shaking it, twisting it this way and that.
he craned his head in toward the girder, leaning forward a little harder and emitting a quiet ‘hrmph’ of satisfaction when the shot lined up clear as could be from this vantage point. He drew breath to alert Sherlock to his success and was washed with the man’s scent: pine and spice in the cold, crisp air. He blew out that breath and pulled in another despite himself.
Sherlock seemed unsurprised, but was having none of it. His lips tightened to a thin line and he said sternly, “John, take your daughter.”
John lifted his head, abruptly realizing Rosie was squirming against him, protesting the tightness of his hold. He relaxed his arms and she quieted. John dropped his head back to the pillows, face stretching back into a grimace as he - yet again - tried to hold back tears, and failed.
But he couldn’t stay away. With everyone he knew - including Mary - firmly in the ‘forgive-Sherlock’ camp, he had no excuse to refuse to see his ‘resurrected’ friend; then he got swept up in the whirlwind. He loved it, felt alive again, had the best of both worlds, or so he thought; Mary on one hand, Sherlock on the other, and each admiring the other, so he never had to choose.
“S’Monday, ain’ it? So, Friday, I guess. We didn’t work today, on account of the dead guy and all.”
“John!” Someone was pulling at his arm, trying to tug him up off the ground. “John! That’s enough, now! He’s not going anywhere.” John’s vision was tinged red and his rage was roaring through him.
“No,” Sherlock replied, “I was about to shower. D’you need the loo?”
John laughed a bit self-consciously. “Well, it’s easy to get caught up in it. I was the last person to want a big wedding and look what…” he trailed off and cleared his throat. “Well, it can get away from you is all.” His head dropped and he fiddled with his silverware.
John swallowed his irritation as he shuffled into the track pants and raised the now less-than-pristine towel to mop his face and blot the sweat from his hair. “What has gotten into you, Sherlock?” he asked, mystified by his friend’s odd behavior. “Is everything all right? Is there a case?”
“Something on your mind, Greg?”
Thank you all for your kind support and enthusiasm for my efforts here. I've never written anything like this until now; it's been a trip of the best kind. I hope the Muse bites soon so we can do it again! :)
Sherlock came back to himself after a long moment, tuning into the sound of John’s voice and the weight and warmth of John against his chest. He couldn’t remember when he’d ever climaxed so hard - which was saying something given the caliber of his lover. Tonight had been truly spectacular.
Sherlock seemed intent on pointing out all the deductions he had made of John’s fellow patients, and rattled on for the next hour with much waving of hands and waggling of eyebrows. John was content to listen, occasionally making a disbelieving sound to encourage Sherlock to explain his reasoning, and when he did, unable to contain his exclamations of astonishment that such little tells could inform so much.
The platform rotated around, bringing Lady Grey into view once more. She was perched on a stool at a bar, in a complete costume change: skin-tight red leather mini-dress with a corseted bustier covered in bright chrome zippers; long black opera gloves and black, thigh-high boots of some synthetic that mimicked wet latex. The boots again sported precariously high spiked heels, and this pair had platforms in the soles as well. If she had been holding Irene’s buggy whip she would have been the toast of any kink club in London. She shot a look over at Sherlock and her face broke into a knowing smirk. Sherlock realized his jaw had dropped and closed it, swallowing the saliva that had pooled in his mouth. This version of Lady Grey was completely entrancing and was sparking a deluge of thoughts, all of them featuring John in varying states of debauchery. He crouched low over his lap to hide what the seductive vision on the stage had done to his anatomy.
“Lestrade? What did he want?”
“John.” Sherlock said. He did not move and if possible, his gaze became even heavier. “I don’t want any tea.”
His body was singing, thrumming like a high, held note on his violin. He was making sounds - gasping, breathy moans; deep rumbling purrs – with no thought to meaning or language. His hips thrust helplessly, instinctively, frotting against John’s body, forehead pressed to the pillow and arms cinched around John’s shoulders. All his awareness was sinking down, following his spine to its base, coming forward into his bollocks where they were pulled up tightly against his body. His hips thrust, then stiffened fingers were brushing his anus, pushing up solidly under his scrotum on his perineum, and all his coiled energy burst out of him: muscles shuddering with the force of his release, mind whiting out entirely, some sort of unidentifiable sound coming from his mouth, stripes of milky ejaculate spurting onto John’s smooth skin. A second pulse, a third, a faint fourth; and his body slumped, ragged and limp, down onto his lover and the pillows.
John was indeed at work, and wouldn’t be home for some hours. For form's sake, Sherlock dashed off a text - 'Home now. Protective gear was a good idea; no repeat of the pig incident.' - and pictured John's smirk when he received it. The flat was silent and held a ghost of the emptiness that Sherlock hated. He considered his options. He could write up the results of his experiments for his blog. While that was interesting, he found writing up experiments while explaining them to John to be much more stimulating. Having to go over the parts that were obvious to him but opaque to John meant his results were received more positively by the small following his blog maintained. While he scoffed that his readers, mostly forensic techs and researchers, should be able to follow his reasoning without any hand-holding, empirical evidence demonstrated that his articles were better understood when he had John to vet the results. The reduction in asinine requests for clarification was worth having to wait a few hours to get to the writing.
“Then we’ll release you tomorrow morning after our session. Be sure you use the sauna before you go - it’s worth the price of admission, if you ask me.”
John returned the swat smugly. For once, Duck looked like he had exercised - his hair stuck up in damp, wavy fuzz where his fingers had combed it up, and a healthy color adorned his cheeks. John knew he himself looked pretty bedraggled in comparison, but he still felt a glow of accomplishment as they entered Duck’s office and pulled their now-habitual big glasses of water.
Looked at what to him was the dearest face in all the world, still slightly flushed on the cheeks with repressed emotion, lips pressed calmly together to hide his expression, eyes filled with understanding and sorrow and a myriad of colors and depths he’d never find the bottom of. He looked into those eyes for what seemed like an hour, until the pull of them drew him up on his toes and he pressed his lips against Sherlock’s, softly, gently.
Lestrade gaped for a moment. “Christ, why?”
“I have always cared very much for John, from the first,” he found himself saying. So it was to be the truth, then – he wondered what was possessing him to say this now? “But I had almost no experience with caring, or with feelings – always thought they were a weakness and tried to stamp them out in myself.” He looked intently into his coffee so as not to see John’s face as he spoke. “I didn’t realize what it was I was feeling until much more recently, and then circumstances got in the way. So, if it is a surprise, it’s that I can be honest with John now, when I couldn’t before or didn’t understand.” He couldn’t resist peeking aside at John to gauge his reaction. Bemused, fond, and intent in a way Sherlock couldn’t interpret.
John thought.
It took two more days of this for Sherlock to get entirely fed up. John was sat in his chair, frowning at the laptop on his knees when Sherlock stood up to go into the kitchen, where the low-pressurized decomposition experiment would be just about ready for another observation period. John smacked the laptop closed so fast it crunched a bit, then peered up at his friend, who had gone still and cold standing in front of him.
“Well, Sherlock must be there sometimes when people assume things about the two of you. Has he ever said anything to you about it?” Duck raised a mildly inquiring eyebrow as he asked this question. John narrowed his eyes and took a moment to think. Duck had a knack of looking the most casual when he had just asked something that could turn John’s thinking completely on its head, and John distrusted that eyebrow.  “He doesn’t feel things like that, I don’t think, it’s part of his... unique outlook.”
“Er, no,” Sherlock said, blinking. “I’ll just…” he starts in the direction of the bathroom. The wardrobe door in his mind creaks open again, and the John-mannequin is back, dressed only in his pants, but he has a bit of color in his cheeks now and windswept hair. It’s probably best that Sherlock’s heading for the shower; once he’s dressed John in his mind palace, there are times when it is very difficult to keep from undressing him again. This seems to be one of those times. Not something he’d want John to observe on his face or in his posture, if he wants to maintain the status quo. He hurried down the hall.
Perhaps it was the anti-opiate they had given him causing all these tears, but John lay passively in bed, eyes overflowing, as all around him people worked for his comfort and care. And beside him, his best friend castigated and browbeat the workers, eventually chasing them from the room, then returned to offer quiet reassurance to John. “Thank god they’re gone,” Sherlock said, shooting a glare at the door closing behind the last nurse, who had gone pale at Sherlock’s revelation of her office supply theft as a ploy to get her to just go already. “I could hardly hear myself think.”
“Oh, yeah. Well, my sort-of, not-really stepbrother, Marjorie’s little brother Stephen, is getting married for the third time. If I was chuckling, it’s because after this Harry won’t let me hear the end of how I ‘taught Stephen to charm the ladies, and now look at him!’” John wiped a hand over his face and shrugged his discomfiture. “I might have coached him on asking a girl to dance at a family wedding, once. I had nothing to do with the wives. I don’t think I even met the second one.”
His recounting was interspersed with recollections about his time in Afghanistan: something he had hardly ever discussed with anyone who hadn’t been there with him. He talked about the soldiers he’d saved, and some he hadn’t.
Happy New Year 2017, all you Crazy Cats, and Happy Season 4 Day!
Sherlock turned with a raised eyebrow, “Mmm?”
Sherlock ignored the comment and complied matter-of-factly, wiggling a little into the chair cushion and leaning his head against the back, his hand held out on the chair's arm. John pulled his chair closer. "Just like last time, then, tune into your body in the chair, your breath in your chest, your feet on the floor. They're tapping, did you know? Never mind, it's fine. Just settle and breathe." John fell silent as Sherlock quieted himself.
Anger swept him unexpectedly, righteous and fierce;
“What? Restrictions, what is that supposed to mean?” John looked puzzled and a touch nervous.
Duck nodded his acknowledgement, then snorted. “Well, you’ve hardly met me, so why should you trust me yet? If you want to look at your file, I’m fine with that. I won’t be putting anything in there that I’m not already saying to your face - that’s not how I work.” They had arrived at the door of his office. He pulled a key on a lanyard from under his shirt to unlock it and they went in. Duck headed to the water cooler in the corner, drawing them each a tall glass. “Drink up my lad, it’ll do you good. And you can beg off for a piss if our chat goes too long.”
It was a timely thought as the thug opened a door into another part of the finished basement, and bright light made them squint when they stepped through into a - surprisingly nice - office. The air here was not as odorous, and a purifier whirred quietly in the corner. A dapper fellow with the pallid complexion of one who rarely saw the sun was counting bills on a clean, modern-styled desk, while another man clad all in leather just a shade darker than his deep mahogany skin looked on. The leather fellow turned a glare their way and faced them fully, seeming to puff out as he did so; at over six feet tall and most of that lean, heavy muscle, the threat in his posture was all too apparent.
When he first arrived, communications from England came frequently, even daily, but soon he answered not more than once a week. It took that long to come up with enough trivial details to fill a decent email. Harry’s emails trailed off to every month or so almost immediately; Clara keeping him abreast of what they were up to. Some trouble there, he sensed, but nothing was ever said. Aunt Brigid and Uncle Tim sent chatty missives every other week. Others emailed when they thought of it, or saw an article in the news that reminded them.
John dissolved into giggles. Sherlock recorded it for his ‘hugging John while he laughs’ cabinet.
“Not for long,” John said, “They’ll be remembering when they run my laps – I plan to make them sprints, and ten laps is two and a half miles!”
“I’m trying to imagine you being flustered by a woman crying. I’m not having much luck, given your track record when you first moved in here.” Sherlock said with brutal honesty.
“You looked like you were having a bad dream,” Sherlock ventured. “I thought you might prefer to wake up.”
Sherlock had resumed pacing, picking up items at random in the sitting room, putting them down with a disgusted sigh. He looked at his laptop for a moment, then growled and snapped it emphatically shut. He threw himself down on the sofa, rolled over, then bounced back up to pick up his violin. He looked out the window avidly, seeming to will passersby on the street to bring a case to their door. He dropped back into his chair and fidgeted, plucking strings on the violin but not playing, his feet drumming a staccato rhythm on the floor. John watched him from over the top of the paper, getting more irked by the minute.
“Nuffin’ much, Cap,” the boy holding the satchel said.
He felt his face crumple, tears starting to leak from his eyes. What must everyone think of him now? Can’t even do this one final thing right.
And miraculously, Sherlock did leave it.
To one side, the shadowy dream form of John’s sister made a break for the hallway, to escape or call the cops or something else, John had never asked. And just as had happened in life, John’s father lunged to grab for her without releasing John’s twisted arm, yanking it hard. The pain of his shoulder popping out of the socket was sudden and blinding -
“Oh,” said John. “Well, I should bloody hope so.” He leaned heavily into Sherlock and rested his head on a bony shoulder. “Thanks,” he whispered. Sherlock tightened his arm around his (more than) friend’s back, and summoned the authorities to come collect John’s step-whatever-relative-murderer.  Perhaps weddings weren't so dull, after all.
I want you to have Rosie; there’s plenty of money in the accounts Mary left us. You are her godfather, and she could have no better protector, no better parent than you. Make Mycroft fix it if you have to. She is your daughter now. She will love you since I won’t be able to anymore, and I can see that you love her, too. You never could fool me with your sociopath act.
“No, Sherlock. Not today.”
Hammers turned his head and, almost too quickly to follow, was forcibly knocked over behind a bench by the path. John’s shoulder twinged with the tension he had been holding and he rotated it, sighing, to loosen up the clenched muscles, one and then the other, and dropping his head back and forth with subtle crunching noises loud in his ears.
Sherlock threw him a devilish smirk. “Let’s go break some hearts,” He said callously.
John’s eyebrows rose high. “Is it?” He looked back and forth between the two, puzzlement creasing his face.
“Actually, I think I’d like to get some air before I come up to bed. Alright?” He said, looking at the floor again. It was clear he had remembered their unexpectedly intense interlude from earlier and was not yet ready to face the intimacy of sharing their room. Sherlock felt the awkwardness himself, actually. It surprised him.
“John will be seeing his psychologist tomorrow morning, and they two will determine a plan from there. Thanks, you’re done.” Sherlock interrupted rudely. “We’ll take a walk in the garden in a little while.”
They stood like that for a few more minutes, long enough for John to become aware of how relaxed, how
They walked along in the warm summer afternoon. The atmosphere seemed to lighten and the event was soon forgotten in the pleasant picnic and scenery.
Sherlock was a fixture of these days as well; dropping in to spend most afternoons and evenings with John and Rosie, and enduring good-natured teasing from Amina. After a fortnight or so of this, on a blustery day he swept in, dropped an unselfconscious kiss on the baby’s blonde curls, then scooped up John to join him for a case, refusing to take no for an answer.
"A day, Sherlock, just one."
Sherlock’s arms had come up around him while he labored through his statement, and now they firmed and splayed across his back. “John, it’s alright,” he said, voice hushed. “It’s alright. I’m sorry too. I should have understood sooner, maybe I could have helped.”
.” He wasn’t sure whether he was asking for respite or ravishment.
Lady Grey had done her rounds with her usual aplomb, charming the audience members with witty anecdotes and bright laughter. They left as the lights flashed for the second act, showgirls scurrying out the doors ahead of them. Sherlock and Lady Grey walked leisurely toward John’s dressing room, hoping to avoid the crush of performers as they rushed to the stage. When they entered the tiny space, sparkly costumes and sculpted wigs scattered about, Sherlock had expected to ravage John against the door as he had so many times before - had been looking forward to it, in fact.
John stopped in his tracks and glared at Duck, his thoughts instantly shifting into a suspicious mode. “How did you know that? Just what was in that file you read?”
The torrent of words halted and Sherlock lay there, panting like he had been sprinting after a murder suspect. He felt lighter, somehow. John lay still on his chest, breathing slow and deep, the fingers of one hand finding their way up into Sherlock’s curls to stroke through them in the way John knew made him purr like a great cat. John raised his head and Sherlock was faintly worried to see the liquid fullness of John’s cobalt eyes until he registered the watery smile that accompanied it, just before John leaned down and kissed him gently, sweetly, with much rubbing of noses and latches of lips and fingers stroking jawlines.
They were seated with Aunt Brigid and Uncle Tim, thank goodness; Sherlock hoped he’d get a moment with Brigid before the day was through to ask some questions. Especially since his not-boyfriend was being so blasted closemouthed. Other guests began to trickle in, and John and Sherlock made a point to head over to the open bar before it was mobbed. Sherlock vowed to go easy on the whiskey today, no matter how excellent it was; he noticed John giving his glass a similar hard look.
The rest of the trip went smoothly after that, though Sherlock had to turn aside and breathe deeply more than once as John tried on one of the cashmere jumpers or some casual trousers. He had quite severely underestimated the effects of the opportunity to pay such focused attention to John’s body. John’s lovely, lean, fit body with its sculpted arms, muscular legs and toned arse, now actually discernible in decently tailored slacks. Sherlock was rather spoiling the line of his own trousers after an hour of smoothing seams over John’s strong chest and ogling John in several different, very flattering outfits. He had never been so grateful for his long coat.
“And you’re his.”
“You know, whoever you end up with will be a very lucky woman, John,” Marjorie said slowly, watching the dancers.
“Long enough, don’t you think?” Sherlock said, then was out the door in a swirl of coattails and curls. “Come along, John!” echoed from the corridor.
“Sherlock. I met Sherlock Holmes.” John subsided back into his thoughts as he ran, brow wrinkling with remembering that time, those heady early days.
Spike shook his head like some insects were flying around it, though neither Sherlock nor John could see anything. Then he lowered his head like a bull and pounded, bellowing, across the floor at John.
John didn’t know what to say, but he knew what to do. He hugged back, just as tightly.
John walked toward his room, mind spinning even more than it usually did after a session with Duck. His thoughts careened between reexamining his interactions with Major Sholto and his utter lack of awareness about James’ feelings, and apprehensive imaginings of going home and not being able to cope. He hardly watched where he was going, and nearly walked straight into the head-injured woman who he usually saw placidly enduring endless prattle from that bloke in the yellow dressing gown.
Sherlock sat back into the chair by the bed, careful not to jostle the drowsing baby too much. “Well, Watson, here’s your Daddy. See? He’s going to be fine.” And he leaned in, clearly intending to pass her over to John’s arms. John wasn’t ready; turning his head away, he gasped for breath and his heart started to pound - which was announced to the room by the monitor above his head beeping double time. He pressed back against the pillows and held up his hands in a warding-off gesture.
He had his eye on the vicar’s pretty niece, in town for the month from Scotland, and was trying to decide if he was steady enough to ask her to dance when Marjorie sat down straight-backed beside him and blocked his view. She’d brought a bottle of very good whiskey with her, and he found himself mesmerized by the crisp speed of her diction as she told him all about her research, her degree, her prospects for an R&D position with an as-yet-undetermined big pharma company, since several were courting her. More than an hour slipped by as she spoke, diction and posture softening with each glass she poured, and John regaled her in turn with stories of medical training, scientific mishaps and the truly macabre shenanigans medical students could get up to when motivated; his habitual charm making her blush prettily more than once. He found himself enjoying her company as much as he enjoyed her whiskey, and wondered blearily to himself why he had always stayed so aloof with her growing up. She wasn’t his type, sure, but she wasn’t so bad. The drink seemed to make her a bit soppy, though.
He sat himself on the sofa and flipped on the telly, looking for something completely mindless he could stare at. Seemed like all the channels were showing WWII documentaries and films; was there some sort of anniversary he had missed? Snippets of the Blitz and flashes of London buried in rubble, explosions and Churchill’s orations blipped by. John turned it off; might as well go back to bed. He grabbed the baby monitor from the kitchen and shambled back into his room.
Once he was changed, he marched back out to pack up this things, collecting items and methodically stowing them in his bag while Sherlock looked out the window, or possibly watched his reflection in the glass.
John blinked. It felt like hardly any time had passed at all, and yet, as though he’d only ever been here, and the difficult events he remembered were some elaborate dream. But, how did he actually
John snorted at the face he imagined his friend making at the thought.
Sherlock found himself flushing a bit, too. “A walk then – we want to be visible, don’t we?”
John relaxed back onto his pillow and shut his eyes, too tired to do anything but take Sherlock at his word. After a few moments, he realized Sherlock had not let go of his hand, and that he was grateful for the gesture. He slipped into sleep with a faint smile on his face.
When he returned, Sherlock had set himself up in a guest chair pulled close to the bed. John clambered back onto the mattress and leaned wearily against the pillows.
, and was utterly lost. There was his John, hair swept back from his forehead, blue eyes picking up sapphire lights from the tie at his throat, his skin honeyed by contrast to the dark collar of his shirt, his fit body hugged and flattered by the lines of the pale grey suit. His expressive face entreated Sherlock while his sturdy hand beckoned. Sherlock felt like he was floating as he took John’s hand and rose from his chair. They stepped out to the floor, and John said sheepishly, “you’d best lead; it’s been a long while since I danced.”
Sherlock nodded. A walk would do John good, and it would give him much-needed quiet to finish placing the expanded gallery in his mind palace. And perhaps he'd take a shower to deal with the inevitable ‘issue’ that would arise while revisiting those stunning sensations and actions. He watched John head back downstairs toward the gardens, then turned to unlock the door.
he thought.)
Continued thanks and humble, amazed appreciation for those of you who have stuck with this story despite my wretched update schedule. You have been so kind and understanding about the difficulties of RL and my own massive case of anti-inspiration. My sincere desire not to disappoint you all is the reason there is an update now, and more to come as life allows. We're getting there, my dear ones, and we'll get to the end! <3
John hummed soothingly, though his own mind was spinning and wobbling like a top.
“Now is not the time to talk about it, Gary. We have to deal with these two first!”
“Well, I think it’s grand,” Uncle Tim broke in unexpectedly. “It’s good to see you looking so happy, John. Even at your own wedding you didn’t look as comfortable and… right, I guess. Solid. As you do today. Long lives together to you both.” He nodded emphatically and raised his coffee cup in a toast.
“No injury. Psychosomatic presentation of PTSD. Had massive pain up my right leg, affected my walking, muscles locked up all the time.” John ran a few more steps. “I had a cane, even. Felt like an old grandpa.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You mentioned a conversation with Sherlock?”
“I suppose I must, if we’re to catch Box of Hammers’ killer. Though it’s looking more and more like a planned hit, so they’re probably long gone by now.” Sherlock read the text again, then speared John with a piercing look, ice-blue eyes intent. “Will you tell me what’s troubling you?” came the question, sharp as a whip crack.
A garbled mess of voices protesting these accusations competed with the shouted insults. The group of spectators stepped more tightly up against the doorway to watch the show, and didn’t turn at the squeak of John’s trainers on the tiles. He tapped one on the shoulder, a tall, thin bloke who was craning his head to see over the crowd and into the room. “Can I get through, please?” John asked mildly, indicating the doorway. “I think they’re wondering where I am.”
John took a deep breath, and did as he was told. It might hurt, but in the long run both the stretches and the talking would likely do him good. Duck showed him several stretches that loosened the muscles in calves and quads, hamstrings and gluteals. Some of them were drawn from yoga, he mentioned, and suggested John might consider adding the practice to his routine as it shaped up. “When I started I felt like a right prat, trying to bend myself up like a pretzel on my peg, but after about a month I started to get what all the fuss was about.” He bent almost entirely in half at the hips, legs straight but not locked, palms almost brushing the floor, then swung out to rest on hands and feet in a sort of triangle shape, coccyx pointed at the ceiling, head hanging loosely between his straight arms. “This one’s called ‘downward dog,’” his voice emerged somewhat muffled from his inverted form. “It’s possibly the best full-body stretch there is. Done right, it lengthens the spine, opens the hips and chest, stretches the calves, hamstrings and glutes, and strengthens the wrists and arms.” He walked his hands back toward his feet until he was bent in half again, then raised himself to standing with a loud exhale and a little hand flourish while John reined in his envious gaping.
Sherlock’s vision whited out at the edges and he thought for a moment that he had climaxed in his trousers. Lady Grey was a picture of grace and control, proud and fierce as she stood on the body of the dancer and performed for the audience. It didn’t escape Sherlock’s notice that she was holding her weight all on her toes, her calves exquisitely flexed to avoid causing damage to her partner with the vicious spike heels as she undulated over him in the dance. After a saucy,
John grinned too, and then they were hugging again, tightly, tighter, and John never wanted to let go. They had gotten turned around somewhat in the course of
Sherlock eventually got it all sorted, and John was allowed to go home. He’d have to be careful around Lestrade for awhile - Greg was not convinced by Sherlock’s story of unexpected fighting prowess on the part of their likely murderer, and he eyed John skeptically but let him go. His friend put him in a cab and accompanied him back to the flat, where Amina had put Rosie down and taken herself off to bed.
"Why not what?"
“How many rounds have we done?” John asked, somewhat breathlessly. “I’ve lost track.”
John scrutinized Duck skeptically. “What aren’t you saying here, Duck? You’re dancing around something.”
It abruptly dawned on him that agreeing to pretend to be John’s partner might be a colossal mistake. If a single hug and fleeting kiss affected him this profoundly, how can he give it up when the pretense is over? Could he give it up? Or would he drive John away after he could no longer hide how he felt, how he craved more? He sank down into his chair, staring bleakly into a future where his best friend was gone because his inconvenient feelings (Love! Call it what it is!) made it impossible for John to stay.
“Thanks, John,” Duck said sincerely, “I work at it, so that’s nice to hear from someone whose job it is to pay attention to such things.”
John paused. What had made him think of it? “Huh. Just something my Mum used to say about the bullies in the neighborhood. She was raised religious.”
Sherlock silently stood and waved Dr Harrington to his chair; John gave her points for ignoring him and crossing to stand at John’s bedside. “It’s John, please. I’m a little weak, still,” he said, “But already sick of being here.” He flashed her his most charming smile; it was good policy to be friendly to the ones who prescribed your meds.
“So,” Duck said after a moment, “let’s get you discharged and back out in the world again, what do you say?”
Sherlock smiled serenely, his head nodding. “How many flannel-wearing delinquents did we see head into the grove of trees, John?”
- and squeezed his eyes shut, not able to look at the innocent person he had almost deprived of a father not two days ago.
“I had thought I would, yeah.”
“All right.” Sherlock said, and John’s eyes snapped to his own, shocked.
“Shut up! I loved ‘er! And I - I killed ‘er!”
John’s face had a concerned wrinkle in the eyebrows. “You know you can still decide not to do this, right? We can just go as friends, and not have to pretend anything if you don’t want to. I mean, I appreciate how you’ve thrown yourself into preparing for ‘the role,’” he made an air quotes gesture, “but if it’s not something you want to do…” John trailed off uncertainly. “Just having you here for support will make a big difference.” He rubbed the back of his neck and looked at the floor. “I guess I just wanted to give you one more chance to back out before we go meet everyone, out there. You’ve said it’s not your area, after all, boyfriends, girlfriends… all that.”
“I couldn’t let him get to you, John! He was high and berserk with rage!”
John reared back against the sofa cushions in shock at the forceful tirade. His heart was beating fast and his breathing shallow, and his fingers and toes tingled with an abrupt fight or flight response. “What the fuck?” he gritted out.
Some days he talked as he ran, some days not, waiting until they were settled in the office to have a discussion. Duck didn’t push for confidences or emotional revelations, letting John lead the conversation where it needed to go and encouraging him if he stalled. The talking was hard work for John regardless. He found himself filling Duck in about the past few years in bits and snatches - Sherlock’s return from the dead, Mary’s impact on his life and her unexpected death, casework with Sherlock, life before Sherlock fell from the roof of Bart’s. He stuck to the facts, mostly, not wanting to dig too deeply into those wounds so thinly scabbed over, that had been fuel for the desperate act that ended with him in Duck’s care. Duck accepted his skittering around the edges of the real issues, asking an insightful question from time to time that had John thinking hard for the rest of the day.
The ensemble swept in, dancing to the chorus; Sherlock absently noted a bit of Spanish in the last line - “it’s a scandal.” Certainly Lady Grey was scandalous tonight, her outfits and especially her dancing titillating him into a state of buzzing desperation. His arousal was an ache in his chest and his nethers, with no hope of reprieve for the time being. He swore that when he got John to himself, he would not let the man leave his bed for anything. A single night would not be enough to exhaust the amorous greed his lover had stirred in him with this piece of theater.
John smiled easily. “I knew it. Well, that’s great, lads. How about ten extra laps of the track at tomorrow’s practice, then? That’s the best place for enthusiasm like that.” His teammates blinked as the words sank in. “I’ll see you there. Oh, and you know - if you had asked nicely, she might have helped you with your notes. Try that next time, yeah?” He nodded firmly. “Best get off to the lockers to clean up, then. If you feel like me after today’s practice, you’ve got mud in places even your Mum’s never seen.” Jones and Fitzhugh guffawed and turned to go, sniggering about crude places where one or the other might be hiding mud.
“Of course not. Well then, you don’t need to say anything. I’ll tell you how it went, and you tell me where I get it wrong, then, yes? You had been trading sex for some of Mister Davies’ product with Ms. Wilmington. She had been asking to change the arrangement, had grown tired of your demands and rough treatment. Her boyfriend was starting to notice the evidence you left on her body, and she wanted to keep him almost as much as she needed the drugs.”
But Duck was croaking out his horrible, delighted laugh. “Both,” he replied. “If it walks like a duck, and quacks like a duck…” He gave a good-natured shrug, and indicated himself. “John said you didn’t pull your punches, and he wasn’t kidding, I see.”
“Just coming up on three, so about four-and-a-half kilometers. Feel like you’ve had enough for a first time out?”
,” he spat the word with sarcastic derision, “so I don’t go round the bend at the drop of a hat. I don’t want them to treat me differently. I’m still me. I had a rough patch, yeah, but god willing, I’m past it.” He blew out an aggravated breath and scrubbed at his hair again, making it stick up in unruly spikes.
His bedroom was warm and dim, deep shadows contrasted by the golden glow of the bedside lamp as he toed his shoes off in the closet and slipped out of his jacket. Funny, he’d been so out of it he hadn’t taken it off in the hallway as usual. “Hmm, lucky thing,” he murmured when the garment clunked against the door as he hung it up. He had forgotten his gun in the jacket pocket.
The idiotic DJ broke in with a call for first dances, in several combinations. Uncle Tim was tapped to dance with the bride, while the mother of the bride danced with Stephen. John, who had been shifting in his seat, leaned over to Sherlock and said in his ear “just off to the loo, and I’ll stop at the bar. Do you want a whiskey?” Sherlock nodded and turned his head to his (more than) friend. Their kiss was brief but heartfelt, and John’s smile lit up his whole face. As he watched John walk away (really, that suit was fantastic) he realized this left him alone with Aunt Brigid. He turned back to the table to catch her perceptive gaze. She sipped at her cocktail, which had been regularly replaced by her husband all day; her color was high and she had been giggling like a schoolgirl during the reminiscences.
That blasted case, which was supposed to take four days and dragged on for
About twenty minutes later, he heard a card in the door and John strode in, smiling and chipper. “This place is huge, Sherlock! I thought the place we hired for my wedding was grand, but this tops it easily. It has a swimming pool indoors, and three hot tubs, a squash court, and the breakfast is a buffet including a grumpy fellow in a chef’s hat making omelets. I had two.” He grinned wider, taking the chair across from his friend. “Are you hungry? I’d like to know what you deduce about the omelet bloke that makes him so gloomy.”
“Sherlock, hmm?”
Duck looked into his eyes a moment longer, then he nodded and stood, indicating the door. “That’s a very good answer, John. That’s the right answer.”
“How’d that make you feel? What do you think was going on there?” Duck asked.
“Walk around the grounds and maybe find a secluded place for a good snog,” John declared. “Or erhm… suggest we go back to our room for the afternoon,” he finished, ears reddening.
“John,” Duck called, returning his client’s attention back to the present. “Would you say it’s possible those events might have colored your attitudes as time went on? Perhaps it would be worth spending some time with that. If you go off and have a think, and decide that no, you have never been attracted to another man in your whole life and that’s not even relevant, well then - you’ve plumbed it to the bottom and can put it away, done and dusted. But it’s just possible that there’s more to John Watson than you might have known up to now. It’s a cheesy cliché, yeah, but knowledge is power, John. If you know yourself fully, there’s less opportunity for life to blindside you into responses you don’t want, yeah?”
“So, what have you been up to lately, John?” Marjorie interrupted the moment, looking suspiciously from one to the other of them. “I haven’t had time to read the blog this week with the wedding and all.”
“Never mind about that, Lestrade! I did it to myself, alright?” Sherlock huffed.
John wondered how the pale skin might feel under his lips instead of under his gaze.
“Really?” he said.
Sherlock was sure that something about what had happened yesterday was bothering John, and that could only mean he was second-guessing their ruse and its ramifications. He pressed his steepled fingers against his bottom lip (which John had bestowed with its own, personal kiss yesterday before moving to his upper – irrelevant to the matter!) He wasn’t worried; far from it – he just had a touch of indigestion. Or was hungry, or something equally ridiculous. Certainly not concerned about John changing his mind.
~~oOo~~
Sherlock spun and crossed to the window overlooking Baker Street, muttering under his breath and making little shooting gestures with his hands at the TV. "A client!" he said.
He had to acknowledge it was possible. He thought back to those times with James that had sparked this whole discussion. Had he been mistaking arousal for an unusual kind of camaraderie? He pictured James - not the cynical, damaged man he had become, who John had seen at his wedding; but the robust, leonine soldier with the dust of battle still in his hair as he held John through his shuddering reactions to the horrors they had seen.
Sherlock moved up beside him and handed him a biro produced from somewhere in the capacious pockets of his coat. Over John’s head, he continued to observe Duck, who allowed the scrutiny with relaxed body language and an open expression.
John slipped into sleep.
I said once you were the best, and the wisest man I have ever known, and the most human, human being, too. It’s true, you know. Never doubt it. I am so sorry for all the hurt I have caused you. Despite my failings as a friend and a man, you only ever wanted to help me, I know that. At least this will be the last hurt I ever cause.
John shook his head in negation -
The early spring air was brisk as John sauntered back toward the locker rooms from the pitch. Practice had been vigorous and muddy after the rains this week, and John was filthy from head to toe. The team was in fine form this year and he had high hopes for the weekend’s match. It would be excellent if during his last year as Captain, they took the league cup! At the moment, though, he was looking forward to a shower and change of clothes before heading home to tackle that organic chemistry practical write-up. He’d been distracted in the lab by his lab partner, Chrissy Smythe, who was wearing a tight pink fuzzy jumper that accentuated her chest and had lips shiny with Dr. Pepper-scented lip gloss her cousin in America had sent her. It smelled good. He wondered if her lips tasted like they smelled.
Sherlock’s mouth opened, and again without direction from his furiously cogitating mind he blurted, “I’m a virgin, John.” Dear God, what had he just said? He was every kind of idiot.
After a moment, Sherlock squinted at the marks in the steel next to him then scanned around the construction site below, bobbing up and down and cocking his head like a bird’s to try and align a trajectory. Over his shoulder he asked, “John, can you come closer and see what the shot would look like, based on the scratches?” He stepped forward to press himself as close as he could to the corner beam to make space for John without having to swap places with him on the narrow girder.
Sherlock regarded him for another silent minute, blinking rapidly, then seemed to snap out of it and regain his momentum. “Right, then. I’ll just be getting on. I’ll text!” he called as he strode out the door.
So it had come as a bit of a shock to come back to 221B and not be able to find that comfortable feeling anywhere. The flat felt hollow even when he had clients or visitors in. He rattled around like a pinball through the rooms when he was there by himself. He had come to welcome Mrs. Hudson’s little visits simply to fill the silence with a friendly voice. He even had played games with
